This the rework and update of a previous story.
***
I'm going to be blunt, in fact I'm going to be very blunt, but I'm going to be truthful.
I know I have a good body and I work hard to make sure I do. I'm probably best described as a slut and I wear slut type clothes that shows off and enhances my curves, allowing the guys to see my small waist, large firm breasts and my taut tight buttocks.
This escalates somewhat even more so when we're on holiday and I'm decked out in some minuscule tiny bikini showing off most of my wares to total strangers. I'm very flirtatious at the best of times and do enjoy a good tease and a good flirt.
My husband obviously knows I enjoy this, encouraging me to dress and act as I do, and I've never once protested, even adding some suggestions to the scenario. I have blonde hair cut in a short style, long taut slender legs topped off with a 38DD-24-36 figure, which I work very hard at maintaining.
My breasts are large and full with no signs of sagging yet. My nipples are quite long when aroused and I recently got them pierced with tiny silver bolts with rounded heads. I've recently joined the Hollywood club, a fully shaved pussy.
The feeling of sensual freedom this little act of depilation provides is invigorating to say the least plus it means I can wear even tighter revealing clothes over my smoothness without any strays spoiling the effect. Getting clothes to fit this body is not easy, as if it fits the bust then it will normally be baggy on the waist, or the waist will be fine but the bust has absolutely no chance being inside the garment. Sexy bras and lingerie are almost impossible to acquire. When it comes to dresses they always have to be made of a stretch material to accentuate my abundant curves.
Luckily we live not far from a seamstress who alters and makes clothes for lap dancers and strippers and is very familiar with reworking clothes for women of my shape. She also makes clothes bespoke, including underwear and swimwear. She has made me some magnificent skirts and tops and one or two delectable figure hugging dresses. She has also provided me with some delicious bespoke saucy underwear to get my husband's blood boiling and I can vouch that they did just that.
She made me some tiny bikinis which I gleefully paraded around in on our last holiday and the most fantastic high cut swimsuit. It was made of a shiny black Lycra with a zip on the waist above each thigh and a one at my cleavage which went down to my navel.
Even when the zips were down, it clung to my body like a second skin, shaping my shaved slit perfectly. I topped that outfit off with a see through chiffon negligee type wrap and thin black ankle strap high heels. The looks I got wearing that combo were well worth the price.
My Bikinis were little more than tiny triangles which barely covered my nipples and struggled to cover my hairless pussy. It was so tight and revealing that I had to re-shave my pussy smooth completely just to wear it. It was made out of a Lycra type shiny wet look material which although was extremely tight it was also very comfortable, with the added bonus of rubbing my pussy, keeping it nice and wet and ensuring my nipples stood to attention all day. Jen, my seamstress often complimented me on my figure and skin condition, stating I was as sexy if not more so than most of the strippers she dressed.
She insisted that I could earn an absolute fortune anytime I fancied treading the boards as a stripper or lap dancer.  She gave me so much confidence that I became more and more daring with some of the sexy creations I had her make for me. The bikinis and swimsuit set the ball rolling for my career as an out and out exhibitionist.  We were on holiday in Tenerife staying at a very exclusive 5 star hotel facility.
So far we could tell that most of the guests were rich men with trophy wives who to be honest were now approaching their twilight years. Again this will sound conceited but of all the women I'd seen so far I was by far the youngest and hottest. Whenever I walked through the lobby or restaurant, all of the guys would cast furtive glances at me, prompting me to think how they would react tomorrow when I would be sunbathing in my ultra revealing swimwear.
On the morning in question, Hubby had gone ahead to get us a decent space by the pool and some sun beds. When I made my grand entrance at the pool, I was wearing my tiny silver bikini after freshly shaving my pussy. The top was straining at the bit to keep my tits covered. The material just covered my pierced nipples which were clearly visible through the thin shiny material. My pussy was just covered by the very tight, very small but surprisingly comfortable bikini bottoms.
The material clung to my pussy mound forming a shiny silver camel toe. I walked over to the beds hubby had acquired for us, my high heels clip-clopping on the poolside marble, knowing full well that my exposed ass cheeks would be visible through the gossamer like material of my wrap/robe. I stood at the foot of the sun bed and removed the see through robe. Smiling at Hubby as I carefully disrobed, I kept my high heeled shoes on for the best effect. Hubby's eyes were on stalks and thanks to my dark sunglasses; I could see that almost all of the males around the pool were having salacious looks at my curvy oiled body, barely covered in the shiny silver material.
I knelt on the sun bed with my ass high in the air ensuring that the guys nearby got a good glimpse of my almost covered pussy. I moved one knee slightly forward and could feel the thin shiny material begin to separate my shaved pussylips. My tits were almost naked with the tiny triangle of material just covering my erect pierced nipples. I moved the other knee level with first and slightly parted my legs as I fluffed up the cushions on the sun bed. My shaved fleshy pussylips separated either side of the silver shiny thong.
The feint breeze was delightful on my almost exposed pussy. My back was arched for maximum effect as I moved my hands forward. I then stretched out and lay on my side on the very hot sun bed. I can't ever remember being so aroused. Moving my body slightly, I turned on to my back, thrusting my huge breasts skywards and ever so slightly parted my legs. Hubby turned over on to his stomach as he leaned in and whispered. "Fucks sake Becky, I've got a hard on after that little display!"
I just lay still with a contented grin on my face as the sun beat down on my well oiled body. I would re-adjust my position every twenty minutes or so ensuring I snaked around as provocatively as is humanly possible. I got hubby to reapply sun tan lotion on two occasions letting him massage my ass as long as he wanted. I poured the oil down my cleavage and smoothed the shiny liquid around the surface of my breasts, looking at the guys watching me through my darkened sunglasses.
One or two were adjusting uncomfortable bulges in their swimming shorts.  We stayed at the pool until lunchtime, when we went to our room to freshen up before we went for lunch.
We were hardly through the door when hubby dropped all of the pool stuff down onto the floor and grabbed me close to him. My flesh was still oily and warm from sunbathing as Hubby expertly removed my bikini top and began to remove my bikini thong. His cock was sticking above the waistband of his swimming shorts as he slid them down his thighs. He then lifted me up and with my legs wrapped around his waist he entered me.
He manoeuvred me to the bed and began to ride me vigorously.
"Did my bikini turn you on?" I enquired as he thrust away.
"It turned me on and every fucking bloke down there." he exclaimed.
"Really? You liked all of those guys wanting to be inside me?" I enquired thrusting back at him.
"Too fucking right I did. Your pussy was almost on display when you were bending over. The bottoms are so tight that it looked like you had painted your pussy silver, so much was on display but still hidden! I didn't realise you had shaved it, but with that outfit you couldn't have any hair could you?" He whispered.
I was fucking him back with a renewed passion. Wrapping my heels around his back, I flicked my tongue gently in his earlobe, reliving my cock-teasing as I thrust my shaved pussy up to meet his plunging cock.
"I enjoyed the guys looking at me, wanting to fuck me, you should feel proud!" I insisted
"It was such a turn on thinking their cocks were getting hard because of me!"
"Some of them will be getting well chastised off their wives for the amount of ogling they did!" Hubby grinned.
Hubby looked down and watched his hard cock slide in and out of my shaved tight pussy. Grinding my hips into his, we fucked wildly enjoying the enhanced state of arousal.
Our mouths locked as our lust spilled over. I was thrashing wildly beneath hubby, fucking him like we'd never fucked before.  Hubby pulled his cock out of my pussy and came abundantly all over my tits and stomach.
My own orgasm was just starting as he unleashed his load, so mine never really completed, leaving me a little frustrated.  Hubby removed himself from between my legs and kissed my neck softly.  Stretching out on the bed I opened my legs wide, slowly moving my hands down my breasts and stomach, stopping at my soft naked pussy.
I ran my long nails across my bald pussy as hubby kissed me deeply. My orgasm ended but not in the full blown meaty way I was hoping for.
"So you were turned on knowing those guys wanted me!" I teased.
"Of course I was. They were all red in the face with sexual excitement and probably also jealousy! Plus I've never seen you looking or acting so horny. You were almost naked!" "What would you have done if I was naked?" I continued .
"Most of them there saw your pussylips! You're tits were almost naked so how much more did they need to see?"
I was sensationally aroused listening to hubby describe how turned on the guys were.  "What if they could have seen my holes or I opened my holes for them, would you have gone crazy if I went a little further? What would you have done if I was naked?" I asked
"No one here knows us so it doesn't matter too much. If you feel comfortable and want to go a little further, then do so with my blessing! I'm proud to be married to you and you know I like to show you off! Plus it is one hell of a turn on!"
I kissed hubby, removed my strappy high heels, got up from the bed and walked straight into the cool shower. Softly soaping my skin, I let the cool water rinse my skin free from soap suds. My imagination was running riot now, planning all of the saucy escapades I could have, innocently exposing myself to my captive audience.
Patting myself dry with luxurious towels, I went to my wardrobe and pulled out the tiny black shiny Lycra bikini, a black see through tight top and a very short tight black mini skirt that Jen had made for me.
Putting the articles on carefully, I sat on the dressing chair and placed my feet in the black high heeled sandals.  Hubby came from the bathroom wearing Shorts, T shirt and a pair of flip flops. He took one look at me and whistled.
"That should keep the guys hot and horny during lunch!" he exclaimed .
"More so if I don't wear my bikini bottoms!" I teased "You have to give your audience what they want!"
Hubby pulled me toward him, leaning in to give me a kiss. I turned my head, offering my cheek as I'd just finished my make up and I thought it would be a good tease.
We went out for lunch and it seemed that every guy was casting furtive glances my way at every given opportunity. This was exciting me and provoking me to be even more daring with my exhibitionism.
As good as my word, I wasn't wearing the bikini bottoms and my bald pussy was beginning to burn with desire. The table opposite ours was occupied by a couple in their early thirties. The guy was quite handsome and was sat facing me. He was casting the odd glance my way, trying very hard to be discrete, so I decided to tease him a little, thrusting my tits out and licking my glossed lips at every given opportunity. Hubby oblivious to my antics got up to use the bathroom, so I took this opportunity to extend my performance and display a little impromptu shaved pussy.
I eased my chair away from the table slightly, turning it toward my victim. Moving my ass to the edge of the chair, I allowed my tiny skirt to ride up a bit, revealing my shaved pussy to my ogling victim. He began to stare at my crotch, drinking in the vision of my pussy. My mound and slit were all that was visible, but I decided to reward my victim with a real feast. I parted my legs as I rummaged through my handbag for an imaginary item. My eyes, filled with lust, were hidden behind my dark sunglasses.
I could feel my pussy fizzing and opening for my victim. I then sent him into overdrive by wiping away imaginary debris from my soft thighs and eventually rubbing my hand over my bald pussy, moving the imaginary debris away, giving my slit a little delicate finger nail stroke, then closing my legs ending the little show.
I was as horny as hell with all the disguised attention. I continued teasing guys like this for rest of the day (and the whole holiday), giving my little shows for various men and on one occasion to a group of five men in a disco, which turned out to be one of the most erotic nights of my life and just so happened to be the last bit of teasing I completed on this particular day.
Neither I nor hubby were aware that the teasing I committed that night would change our lives forever.
We arrived at the nightclub around about 10, after having a nice light meal, during which I found myself teasing a few of the customers and tormenting most of the waiters. I was still outrageously horny from the pool and lunchtime show. I made sure every serving waiter got an eyeful of my shaved pussy, and one lucky waiter was granted a view of my large pierced breasts as I adjusted them before leaving the restaurant.
I had chosen to wear a skin-tight white mini dress, which was a mix between Lycra and spandex, but with a shiny almost latex coating. This dress clung to every contour of my body with a deep plunging back ensuring wearing a bra would be impossible and giving the odd glimpse of side boob into the bargain. I matched this with high spike heeled white court shoes with a wide ankle strap. Underneath the skin-tight mini dress I was totally naked and my tan was at its peak.
I had a very thin white tan line just below my waist where my thong had been sitting, with a very small white triangle tan line covering my pussy. My tits had the thin strap line also and they also had the two tiny white triangle tan lines covering the nipple area. In this dress my pierced nipples were prominent, but when the black light went on in the disco, my dress became almost transparent and my tan lines being so white were clearly visible. This brought me a whole load of male attention and gave the impression that I was wearing the smallest underwear imaginable, whereas beneath I was completely naked.
We took a seat in a booth quite close to the bar but also close enough to the dance floor.
I sat in the booth as Hubby went to get some drinks at the bar. As he ordered the drinks he was standing beside five guys who we passed on our way in, who all looked me up and down as I swayed past them. Hubby and the five guys all nodded toward each other in some kind of alpha male greeting ceremony. They appeared to exchange small talk with a few well placed smiles, then hubby picked up the drinks and made his way back to our booth.
Hubby returned to the booth and placed the drinks on the table and said.
"Those guys up at the bar were all singing your praises. They were telling me that I was lucky man to have such a beautiful sexy lady!" Hubby looked well pleased with himself and I felt an excited flutter in my pussy at the compliment.
I looked over smiling proudly to the bar and all five guys raised their glasses to me.
I raised my glass in return and nodded my thanks with a wicked smile, running my nail along the rim of the glass seductively. My drink had a cherry in it and I deliberately sucked and licked the Cherry solely for the benefit of the five guys.
Hubby had his back to the guys and was looking around the dance floor and the club in general, which gave me a sneaky license to tease these guys as I licked and sucked the cherry.
I was facing the guys with the crowded dance floor to my right. The dance floor looked large, but was so packed you could only see the people on the edges.  The disco was pounding now, but these five guys remained at the bar sneaking glances of me every now and again. They all appeared well groomed and were all wearing what appeared to be very expensive apparel. If I wasn't married I'd have been at the bar with these guys enjoying all of their flirtations, but tonight it looked like I would have to tease from a comfortable distance or so I thought!
My long legs were crossed as I squeezed my thighs together, which made my tight mini dress ride further up my thighs. My back was arched sexily, thrusting my large firm breasts forward. My pierced nipples were jutting forward and straining the thin material of my tight mini dress.
My pussy was beginning to fizz as I looked over at the five very handsome men.
Hubby was still scoping the club and looking around the place.
I leaned in toward hubby and said I needed to visit the ladies. Getting from the booth seat I wiggled my way past the guys at the bar, smiling flirtatiously as I sashayed my way to the ladies. I turned my head back toward the guys with a naughty smile emblazoned across my face. All five guys were watching my ass wiggle sexily as I stepped inside the ladies.
Once inside I opened my handbag and reapplied some lipstick and a hint of strawberry lip gloss. Tousling my hair, I then applied a little more mascara. Placing my make-up back in my handbag, I took a deep breath, again thrusting my huge tits forward and followed my path back to the booth. Passing the guys I made sure my wiggle was emphasised and that my tits were thrusting out. I could feel a waft of air on my side, knowing that I would be displaying a nice view of my side boob as I glided past them.
I could hear faint comments such as "Fucking hell she is so fucking hot!" and "That body is divine, I'd lick every inch of her!" I even heard "Oh hell I'd fuck her senseless!"
I smiled as I continued my sexy walk back to our seats, quite pleased with myself that the guys thought so highly of me. As I reached the booth I half turned my head to see the guys all still staring at me.
I stood at the side of our booth with my back to the guys. My legs slightly parted I bent over slowly, arching my back with my ass in the air, as I leant in to kiss my hubby.
My tight mini dress rode up just enough to give the guys a glimpse of the crack of my ass and if they were watching closely, my bald pussy slit.
Tonguing my husband's mouth I placed my left hand on his cheek and gently licked his lips.
I straightened up and returned to my seat as hubby smiled at me. The guys' eyes were staring at me to see how much further I would take this. My plan was to take this a lot further.
I'd noticed that the nightclub had floor up lighting on the walkways to help guide you safely to your seat and exits. There was a light at the foot of our booth, shining soft filtered lighting below our table, pointed directly at my mid section, which I now intended to put to good use. I leant forward toward hubby, leaning on the table between us. My legs stretched outward and slightly parted and in doing so moved to the edge of my seat.
My dress had ridden over my thighs and my pussy was about to be exposed. Turning my waist below the table, just enough so my pussy would be square on facing the guys. Opening my legs, I parted them just enough so my slit would be evident. I could feel the warmth of the light on my naked pussy. At that point the black lights came on, the floor lights dimmed and it was obvious that the guys at the bar could see my white tan lined pussy in all her luminescent glory. I knew my slit would be getting wet and shiny and I could see them nudging each other and pointing in my direction.
The barman looked over also and gave me a saucy wink. I opened my legs as wide as the booth would allow me, exposing my shaved opening to the guys at the bar. I could feel my breath quickening and heartbeat racing. I stared over at the guys, displaying my shaved pussy to them with a delicate smile on my face. Hubby had no idea that I was displaying my married pussy to the audience at the bar. My nipples were rock hard and thrusting through the thin material of my mini dress.
The lustful looks the guys at the bar were giving were reward enough.
Two of them mouthed "Fuck me!"
My juices were flowing freely now and I was becoming seriously aroused.
Leaning across the table, my pierced nipples made a gentle clanging sound on the table surface. Pulling hubby toward me I gave him a soft seductive kiss, with just a hint of tongue. Hubby seemed quite pleased and contented here, so I held one of his hands.
Every now and then I would make eye contact with the five guys and smile sexily.
One or two would wink or blow kisses but they'd always smile.
My legs had stayed wide open during this teasing scene and as hubby had no clue what was going on it made it all the sexier.
My pussy was still on display to the guys when I placed my free hand under the table and gently circled my long nails over my slit.
Gently scratching my bald pussy I teased the five guys and myself delightfully. My talon like nail now gently scraped my clitoris then separated my hairless slit.
I eased my pussy forward just a fraction but enough to feel my pussylips opening.
I was just about to slip my finger inside, when one of the guys came over to the booth and brazenly asked my husband if he could have the pleasure of this dance with his beautiful wife.
My husband looked over at me, I just smiled at him and my husband said to the guy.
"Sure! Be my guest. But I should warn you she does love to dance!"
The guy held out his hand whilst I smoothed my dress over my thighs and stood up from the seat, as slowly and seductively as I possibly could, looking the guy directly in the eye, with a very sexy smile on my face. I walked with him over to the crowded dance floor. He walked behind me and I put on such a sexy hip swaying walk, knowing full well his eyes were burning into my ass. The dance floor was a couple of steps above the seated area and you couldn't see the people on the outskirts of it clearly from the seated areas, just enough to know that the floor was packed.
The record that was playing was a sexy grinding type rhythm. We took our place in throng of people and began to grind into each other. He placed his hand on my waist and pulled me close to him. His hand slid up my waist placing it on my side boob as his other hand held my waist. Leaning in to my ear he whispered how sexy I was and how lucky my husband was to have such a sexy lady.
His hand was gently caressing my side boob as my crotch rubbed into his. The crowd was so dense there was no way hubby could have seen any of this so I decided I'd dirty it up a little even more. Turning away from the guy, I pushed my buttocks into his crotch and twerked away. His cock was rock hard as my twerking moved it around inside his trousers. Holding my waist, his hands slid up my side and stroked my side boobs, this time his fingers spread out inside my dress and softly stroked my pierced nipples. I turned to face him again as his hand grazed my breast and pierced nipple. The music changed to a slow smooch dance type and the floor was still full, as all of the couples were getting up close and personal.
The lights dimmed above, but the dance floor was a collection of soft lights. My dance partner placed his hands on my waist and held me close to him. His erection was still prominent and he made no attempt to hide it. Pushing into my crotch we danced slowly hidden amongst the other dancers. Placing my hands on his shoulders I leaned back slightly, pushing my mound into his crotch.
My dress rose up my thighs as my pussylips parted and enveloped his trouser covered cock. Smiling at each other he moved his hands onto my jutting breasts and began to softly stoke my prominent pierced nipples. Grinding my crotch onto his covered hard cock he leant in and whispered softly that he really enjoyed the little show I'd put on and complimented me on possessing such a fine and sexy body, then he looked directly into my eyes and said.
"I especially liked your shaved pussy!"
I blushed slightly a little, and then giggled. Looking directly into his eyes I smiled.
"Sorry I didn't realise I was showing so much!" I lied with a sexy grin
"Did you approve of the view?"
"The view was incredible and very erotic!"
"I did get a buzz from showing you guys my tight shaved pussy!" I declared, emphasising the latter part of the sentence.
His mouth moved toward my ear and his soft breath excited me as he whispered softly as his cock twitched and pulsed on my bare pussylips.
"You dirty cock-teasing slut! You knew exactly what you were doing. It was the most erotic scene of my entire life! Does your husband know you were showing us your cunt?"
"Not in the slightest!" I giggled "And what he doesn't know won't hurt him! That was just for you guys!"
"Then we'll have to keep this our little secret!"
"Does that make me a naughty girl?" I teased as I drove my pussy hard against his throbbing package.
"Yes it made you a very naughty slut, if you'd been wearing stockings I don't think I would have been able to control myself!" he smiled
"Then I may just have to wear some sexy stockings for you the next time I show you my shaved pussy!" I teased "And if I'm naughty you may just have to spank me!"
He brushed his lips gently over mine and held my waist tightly with one hand while the other massaged my breast,
Responding to his ardor, I gently flicked my tongue over his lips.  His hand had moved from my breast and was now softly stroking my partially exposed ass.
With the crowd camouflaging his movements he began to move his masculine fingers toward my pussy by sliding them down the crack of my ass. I didn't resist as his hand separated my taut butt cheeks, heading toward my hairless fleshy pussylips, I broke off our kiss and continued with my eye contact as his fingers continued to explore me.
My eyes were glazing over with lust as he stroked my fleshy shaved lips and tight puckered asshole. My pierced nipples were poking into his chest as his finger slowly rubbed and circled my ass. I was gently thrusting toward his finger offering my pussy to this stranger.
His fingertip slipped inside my asshole as my eyebrows raised and my eyes rolled. His finger twitched slightly, exciting my sphincter, then slipped out of my ass and circled my pink puckered ring, tickling my stimulated flesh. As his finger moved onward to the front, it met my fleshy hairless pussylips. They were already wet and willing and red hot to his masterly touch. His finger circled my naked pussylips, tickling my sex as he smiled at me. I licked my lips seductively as he slid his fingertip in my moist pussy and began to gently finger fuck me. His touch was electric and sent sexual pulses throbbing through my pussy. This was a foreplay master at work as his finger softly stroked the soft velvet flesh of my pussy. I placed my head on his chest as a delicious orgasm passed through my pussy.
I placed my hand on his vibrant crotch and rubbed his hard cock slowly. Lifting my head up to his we had a soft, long lingering kiss, with our tongues exploring each other's mouths. Here I was literally metres away from my poor husband, being seduced and finger fucked without his knowledge and orgasming with a stranger whose name I did not know!
I placed my hand inside his fly to find a very hard large cock. I could only have stroked it a dozen times when he shuddered and a blast of hot spunk poured out of his cock and onto the dance floor. I placed his diminishing cock back inside his trousers, pulling the zip up gingerly.
The music was coming to an end as he removed his finger, smiled at me and thanked me for the best dance he'd ever had and hoped we could possibly dance later. My tight dress was above my pussy and ass crack as I smoothed it back into place.
I kissed him on the lips then whispered in his ear.
"You made me cum when you fingered my cunt!" and giggled very girlishly.
"And you made me cum!" He laughed "If there is any opportunity to finish what we just started, let me know!" he begged
"We'll see!" I teased, patting his semi erect cock "It would have been very exciting to feel your hard cock inside me!" I smiled, licking my lips and acting every inch the slut.
He took my hand and escorted me back to the booth; he guided me to my seat opposite to my husband, kissed me on the cheek and thanked my husband and reiterated that he was one lucky man to have such a beautiful lady.
My husband just smiled quite proudly and nodded to the guy as he returned to his friends.
My legs were trembling with pure lust as I smiled at my husband. I was having the sexual time of my life and didn't realise it was only going to get better!
Hubby said he needed another drink and did I want one. I nodded that I could use another drink.  Hubby got up to go the bar and the five guys all raised their glasses to him. I was a little flustered sitting at the booth in my state of arousal. I'd let a total stranger finger fuck me to orgasm in a crowded nightclub with my husband only feet away. My head was swirling with passion and excitement. I needed and craved more.
As hubby was at the bar with the guys, my discrete flashing was somewhat curtailed. Hubby returned with the drinks and said.
"Your feet will be killing you later as all the guys would like to dance with you!"
"Are you OK with that?" I asked, my head tilted to one side.
Hubby smiled and said.
"They just want to dance with a beautiful woman! It's not like they're going to try and get up to anything is it? And you do like to dance! Besides I can't blame them, from over there you look almost naked as the lights shine straight through that dress! They're all probably straining for a closer look!"
I smiled at hubby as my mind went into a spin and said  "Well if you insist!" and playfully giggled "I might just give them a better look!"
Hubby rolled his eyes and smiled.
"Maybe I should take this dress off and dance naked for them!" I teased "Would you like me to be naked in front of five handsome guys?"
"Like I said, you look almost naked under these lights!"
"Maybe I should get naked for them and let them touch me and jerk off over my naked body!" I smiled, teasing hubby to full effect.
I opened my legs wide to my audience and stroked my hairless quim whilst staring at the five guys. All of them including the barman could see my fingers slowly sliding up and down my bald slit as I smiled provocatively at my victims.
"What if I'm dancing with them and they touch my ass or boobs?" I enquired.
"I couldn't blame them for trying, you look so fucking hot. You're probably sending them wild with desire the way you look tonight!" Hubby responded.
"So if they feel me up I can let them?" I giggled, displaying my pussy to the five guys.
Hubby rolled his eyes once again.
"Could be quite nice getting finger fucked to a slow dance!" I continued with my teasing.
Hubby looked at me smiling, shaking his head with bewilderment.
I opened my pussy showing the five guys my inner pinkness. I stroked the shaved excited flesh, staring at the guys, letting them all know I was a total exhibitionist slut.
It obviously became too much for one of them as he headed toward our booth. I kept my legs open as the guy stared at my shaved slit all the way to our table. Our teasing conversation was halted as the guy approached the table, just as another slow dance came on.
I got up from my seat, without waiting to be asked and smiled at hubby. I turned toward my dance partner, held his hand and walked onto the dance floor with him. This guy was more brazen than the first. As we arrived in the centre of the dance floor, with both hands on my waist, he leant forward and whispered in my ear:
"That show you just put on has driven me crazy. I would do anything to be inside you right now!"
"And it would be wonderful to have you inside me!"
I smiled as I stroked his cheek with my painted nails
"But that's not going to happen here, but I'm sure we can have a little fun on the dance floor!" I giggled.
I was becoming bolder with each new dance partner. My sexual confidence was brimming now as I licked my lips and thrusting my large breasts out.
He pulled me close to him whispering I was the horniest thing he'd ever set eyes on. His hands were kneading my buttocks, pulling me closer to him. His fingertips were on the bare flesh of my buttocks as he cupped both orbs. His tongue gently licked the inside of my ear as his hot breath sent my erogenous zone into overdrive. He whispered softly that he would love to fuck my shaved pussy, which sent my head spinning into the realms of dizziness.
I slithered my tongue in his ear and gently nibbled his lobe. He pulled me even closer as he pushed his groin into my mound.
His cock was erect and there is no other way of saying this, but it was incredibly large.
It was pulsing against my mound and it was not helping to calm down my libido in the slightest. He ground his enormous cock right into my pussy mound, almost separating my pussylips. His hands continued to manipulate my butt-cheeks as he separated them. I caught my breath as his cock pulsed and twitched through his trousers. I was so taken aback I didn't realise his finger was working its way inside my ass.
I was in such a state of arousal that I couldn't help but rotate my hips to allow his finger easier access and in doing so I rubbed my pussy against his huge bulge which un-hooded my clitoris. I bit my lip to stifle any moans that were about to come out of my mouth, as my dance partner began to twitch his cock against my clit. I placed my arms around his neck and looked him in the eye.
The dance floor lights dimmed to reflect the mood of the music and my dance partner took advantage of this. Placing a second finger in my ass he then pushed my mound into his huge throbbing bulge,.
With my arms around his neck I pulled him closer as an orgasm flooded through me.
My legs turned to jelly as he continued twitching his massive cock and fingering my excited ass. His other hand came up and began to tweak my pierced nipple. This was the closest you can be to fucking without actually fucking! I came once more rubbing myself against the clothed monster cock, then moved my pussy away from his crotch and placed my hand on his cock, rubbing it through his trousers. It was fucking huge and was now covered in my pussy juice!
I rubbed his crotch to spread my juices into the material. His cock was throbbing and twitching and it was the biggest and hardest piece of man flesh I'd ever encountered.
The slow music continued and we stayed on the dance floor. He unzipped his trousers and guided my hand inside his fly. When my hand made contact with the meaty flesh of his cock, I startled somewhat at the immense size of the beast.
Lust took over as I so wanted to kiss him. I leant my head up to his and offered my mouth to him. His lips brushed softly against mine as his tongue flicked in to my mouth, entwining with mine. Holding his cock, I'd never felt anything so large or hard before.
"How big is this fucking cock?" I purred stroking the massive shaft.
"Eleven inches long!" He smirked proudly.
"Fucking hell its absolutely huge! Have you ever managed to get it all in?" I queried.
He raised his eyebrows smugly and grinned.
"I need to look at it and possibly lick it!" I smiled trembling with excitement, still holding his huge throbbing meat. I told him to meet me at the ladies straight after this dance as I needed to see and experience this sexual masterpiece. We held each other close, me holding his cock, slowly sliding his immense foreskin back and forth over his bulbous glans and him rubbing my excited bald pussy. For a brief spell he guided his huge cock to my pussylips and rubbed my entrance with his powerful weapon. I was going crazy with lust, feeling his throbbing flesh pushing at my excited labia, making my pussy open itself to his monstrous cock.
I was desperate now and needed to see this cock in all of its glory. I didn't imagine for one moment that I could get that massive cock inside me but my sexual curiosity needed to see this cock in the flesh and if I saw it, would I be able to keep it out of my married cunt? When the music finished, he tucked his cock back inside, smoothed down my dress and made his way over to the bathrooms. I went over to our booth to tell my husband I was going to the ladies.
My husband was away from the booth and had joined the guys at the bar. I walked up to hubby giving him a peck on the lips and said I was off to the ladies, then would probably grab a quick cigarette.  Hubby said he'd wait at the bar with the guys.
I made my way over to the ladies, when I saw my dance partner standing in the doorway of what appeared to be a private area of the club.  I walked over to him, biting my bottom lip nervously, thrusting my large firm breasts forward.
Without a word he guided me into the darkened area to what can only be described as a collection of love seats. The area was very dimly lit and it appeared that no one else was in this area. Sitting me down on the seat I heard his zip open and then I felt his huge cock touch my cheek. I didn't wait for an invite, opening my glossed lips and taking as much of this monster into my mouth.
I swirled my tongue around the huge bulbous helmet and lovingly and lustfully devoured this cock. Holding the length in both hands, I ran my hands up and down the impressive shaft as my tongue and lips went to work.  My eyes now adjusted to the dim lighting, I could see this wonderful veined specimen in all its glory.
I took his cock from my hungry mouth to look at it lustfully, almost worshipping the huge meaty cock as I ran my tongue and lips up and down the shaft of the phallic beast. Licking the entire length, I cupped his balls and licked and sucked the fleshy orbs as though my life depended on it. I stood up holding this massive object in my hands feeling it pulse and throb as I lustfully kissed my dance partner, feeling his huge cock slide up to my opening, trying to invade my pussy. I held this monster at its base and looked into his eyes.
"I've not had any other cock than my husband's since we married, but I'd love to know how it feels to have this inside me!" I said panting with lust.
He smirked confidently, as he should, with such a wonderful cock. His cock was nestling between my swollen pussy lips, pulsing continuously, sending the sexual pulses through my velvet tunnel. He sat down on the Love seat, with me still kissing him and holding his head, I placed a high heeled shoe either side of his legs and I straddled his thighs.
The bulbous purple head of his cock was directly at my opening, striving to find its way inside me. I rocked back and forth slowly on the huge meaty head. Tingles of absolute bliss pulsed through my excited pussy as the large domed head pierced my defences and the first inch of his cock slid inside me. My pussylips were now shrouding the head of this pulsating magnificent beast. His bulbous cock-end was the size of an apple as it nudged my sex open. I held my lips apart as I attempted to slide down this monster.
I couldn't believe I was desperately giving my married cunt to this well hung total stranger, hoping his length would be accommodated by my tight hole. We had total privacy in this area of the club but I was so aroused that I couldn't give a fuck if my husband had walked in at that very moment.
My pussy was being stretched beyond its limit as my opening struggled to cope with the huge cock. I slowly began to impale myself on this wonder of nature, engulfing the mammoth throbbing glans. I was voluntarily giving my pussy to this awesome weapon even though my subconscious was fighting it; my sexual instincts were allowing this cock to invade me. Whimpers and moans were emanating from my throat as the huge cock began to own me. His cock was stretching me as I gyrated as best as I could on his huge member. The heat and the pain were searing but delightfully sexy. Juices were pouring out of my pussy to help lubricate my hole to accept this prize.
Only the bulbous head was inside and I was experiencing sensations I never thought possible. Cum was running out of my pussy without him fully entering my hole, I orgasmed quite violently, shaking and shuddering on the tip of this delightful cock. This was the first strange cock to attempt penetration of my pussy during my married life. I had never experienced lust and arousal on this level before. My sexual fluids coated his cock and in normal circumstances this should have been enough to help with entry, but this was no normal cock. Tears where in my eyes as the pain was so strong, but at the same time so sexually arousing. The heat his cock was generating inside my pussy was wonderfully unbearable. The feelings I was experiencing were severe lust and an overwhelming want to be filled with this cock.
There was no way I would be able to accommodate this monster without additional lube and a full night of stretching but I would love the opportunity to try. My pussylips were stretched around the head and shaft, gripping his throbbing flesh, sending electric sexual pulses directly into my pussy. The sensation and the exquisite pleasure were something I didn't want to end, but my instincts were driving me to extract the masculine seed from this perfect specimen. Reluctantly I began lifting myself off the tip, sensing how much my pussy was gaping. The cool air of the nightclub soothed my stretched pussy as I stood up, correcting my balance and helped him to his feet. My pussy felt stretched and gaping for a few seconds as my love juice flowed, bubbling inside my hot quim.
Sitting back on the love-seat I took the 11 inch cock back into my mouth, licking my thick creamy juices off the blood engorged bell end. I couldn't believe I had allowed another cock into my pussy other than my husband's, but this thing was magnificent and here I was kneeling before it, worshipping its magnificence. Sucking his cock I could taste my pussy juice as I looked up into his eyes and maintained eye contact throughout my unfaithful act.  I had two hands around this cock as I sucked furiously on the greatest specimen of manhood I'd ever come across. I felt such a slut and such a woman at the same time.
I opened my legs wide giving him a good view of my naked bald pussy. I reached into my handbag and retrieved my iPhone. Handing it up to him I asked him to take a few photos of me sucking his enormous cock. I needed a reminder of this magnificent beast and photos of me sucking and worshipping it seemed a glorious testament. I'd need something to show the girls to back up my story!
He clicked a few snaps as I hungrily devoured his hard throbbing flesh staring into the camera as I devoured the fleshy monster. I was moaning and worshipping his massive cock, slurping all over the huge bell end. He was obviously so aroused from our earlier antics or my cock sucking had reached world class status, but he intimated that he was going to come. I kept my mouth over the weapon as he unleashed powerful spurts of thick creamy spunk deep into my throat. Still maintaining eye contact I continued swallowing every single drop. His cock still powerfully erect had emptied a copious amount of delicious thick spunk which I'd hungrily swallowed. I licked his cock clean; sucking the still bulbous head, I gently scraped my teeth along the purple glans then stood up. Still holding his cock I turned around. Bending over, my dress rode above my naked buttocks as I moved his semi erect cock to my soaking wet slit. Rubbing his still huge cock up and down my slit, I began to moan like a whore, enjoying the final remnants of pleasure this cock could provide. He held his cock at the base and gently rubbed his length into my slit and around my pink puckered ring. The sexual itch this caused, made my eyes roll and mouth open, to release all of the sensual moans this cock was instigating. An orgasm exploded and rushed through my entire being, making my whole body sensitive and erogenous. Sliding my pussy along his hard cock, I drained every ounce of orgasm this cock was providing.
I turned my head toward him, smiling calmly as I began to raise my body upward. I moved in toward him and stroked his beautiful semi erect cock and kissed him softly.
"That was fucking sensational!" I whispered, licking his ear provocatively "I'll need to get back to my husband now!"
"First I'll need a copy of those photos!" He smirked as he punched his number into my iPhone. He looked at me with the most wicked grin as he clicked on my iPhone, sending the photos to his own phone. On completion of the download, he Handed me my iPhone as he smirked proudly at how much I lusted after his enormous cock. I smiled back at him as I gave him a little kiss on the lips then one on the cheek, spun away from him and headed to the toilets to freshen up. My dress was above my butt cheeks as I smoothed it over my butt and waltzed into the rest room. Thankfully the rest room had an attendant and a good supply of mints. I could hardly go back to my hubby with someone's cum on my breath!
Just the tip of his impressive cock inside my cunt had left me gaping slightly. I could feel the cool air wafting over my bare pussy. I gave my lips a little rub and felt the gaping recede.
I gave my makeup and lips a touch up and tousled my hair.
When I stepped out of the ladies Hubby was waiting for me.
"You were ages"
"There was a queue for the cubicles!" I unfaithfully replied .
"The guy you danced with has bought us a bottle of champagne. You must have really impressed him! Come on let's have a drink with them!"
If only he knew how close to fucking this guy I'd been and being the unfaithful slut, which I was successfully becoming. My pussy was still gaping slightly at the earlier intrusion of the huge cock, but not quite full blown penetration.  We walked over to the bar and true enough there was our bottle of champagne.  Mr. huge cock poured two glasses of the bubbly and handed a flute each to hubby and I.
"To a wonderful dance, with a beautiful woman!" Mr. huge cock toasted, craftily sliding his phone back in to his trouser pocket. He'd obviously been showing the other guys the photographic evidence as hubby came to greet me!
Hubby smiled quite proudly that he was the possessor of such attractive arm candy. I felt totally empowered, considering I'd so far let two of the strangers finger my ass, have the biggest cock ever, almost impale me and sucked the same cock to completion, swallowing everything this cock had to offer.
I did feel a little sorry for Hubby, smiling and content that these guys thought his wife was beautiful but not realising she had been fingered, partially fucked, sucked one of their cocks and swallowed the spunk, all without his knowledge or permission! This only added to my arousal, knowing that these guys actually thought I was a dirty cheating slut!
Standing with my back to the bar, I sipped my champagne, basking in my sexuality and my new found inner slut. Hubby was about six feet away talking to one of the guys with his back to me, when I felt a finger slide between my butt cheeks and saucily flick my pussylips. I didn't look to see who it was but just stood still smiling, slightly parting my legs and enjoying the invasion. As the finger went deep I arched my back slightly and pushed onto the finger. The other guys had noticed and were watching this. Another hand deftly stroked my side boob from inside the back of my dress and craftily managed to inch its way to my pierced nipple and delicately began flicking that.
There were just enough bodies between me and hubby to keep this hidden from his line of vision, but all of the guys knew and could see what was going on. My legs were trembling with excitement as the unknown hands worked me over, and as they were unknown it added to the eroticism somewhat.
I was now bending forward slightly and riding the fingers fucking my pussy. My breathing was shallow and erratic as I slowly fucked the finger.  The next guy stood directly in front of me, placed his hand under the front of my dress, stroked my shaved pussy gently and said it was his turn to dance and did my hubby object if he danced with me.
"Just wait a minute until these guys have made me come!" I whispered, riding the fingers inside me "And I decide who I dance with!" I smiled.
The secret gropers made me orgasm then removed their hands as I composed myself.
I grabbed my next dance partners hand, handing my glass to one of the guys, I guided my new conquest on to the crowded dance floor.  New guy didn't waste any time and it was obvious the guys had been talking. He slid his hand between my ass cheeks and slid his finger right inside my ass. His other hand went straight to my pussy and he pushed two fingers inside me and hooked them to the front wall of my cunt.
"Make me cum!" I hissed, my eyes wide open with sexual hunger.
Pressing hard against the front wall of my pussy, he began to finger blast my Gspot. His finger in my ass went deeper and I could feel both lots of digits working between the thin fleshy layer of my ass and cunt. Placing my legs either side of his right leg I then pushed his hand onto his leg and rode his digits to orgasm. To anyone on the crowded dance floor who could possibly witness this, it would just look like a couple dirty dancing.
I bit into his lower neck to suppress the noise coming from me as he gave me a gushing orgasm on the dance floor. My legs buckled and it was only his fingers inside me that prevented me falling over completely. I flung my arms around his neck as he continued to slaughter my pussy. My cum was trickling down my legs and some had splashed on his trousers, which were thankfully black and would hide the wetness. I looked at his neck and I had left a love bite. I told him I'd left a bite mark and he said it would be a wonderful souvenir.
He asked where we were staying as he'd love to get a photo of me in my swimsuit but also some photos of what he just saw on his friend's phone would be better.
I giggled saucily.
"I am naughty aren't I?"I teased. "Bring your camera phone and follow me outside for a cigarette and you could take a few pictures of my huge tits and shaved pussy!" I smirked. He produced his phone from his back pocket and we sneaked out giggling toward the cigarette area.
Luckily no one was outside smoking so I lifted my dress exposing my pussy and scooped my tits from their bondage.
"Do you like my tits?" I asked then bent over and held my pussy open "Or do you prefer my cunt?" I giggled saucily, comfortable with the level of slut I had become.
"How can such a beautiful woman be such a dirty slut whore?" He smiled.
"I'll fucking show you how!" I exclaimed.
He clicked away as I posed in various positions always with my legs wide open, showing at least my tits, pussy or ass.
Sitting on the bench I raised my legs up and opened them wide. I placed my index fingers from both of my hands just inside my pussy then held it open for him to see.
"Imagine your cock spunking inside this!" I giggled, arousing myself just as much as it was arousing him.
He took a good few photos of this then stuck two fingers inside and took a photo of that. "Come on we'll need to get back inside!" "Just one more photo!" he said lifting my dress up again and bending me over. He placed two fingers in my pussy and one finger in my ass then took the pic.
I took his cock out and gave it a gentle suck and a few long licks for him to capture on camera. Placing his rampant cock back inside his trousers I stood up. Rolling my tight dress down, he slid his hand onto my buttock and pushed the tip of his index finger in to my ass. We walked back to the bar with his finger inside my ass, as we returned to my unsuspecting husband and the guys having their second bottle of bubbly.
Just as we approached the bar fly's, he removed his finger and gave my left buttock a gentle tap.
Three down two to go!
I was handed a flute of champagne and downed two glasses of in quick succession, which left me quite lightheaded. The next guy sidled up to me and asked for the pleasure of this dance.
"I'd love too!" I said "But I really need a cigarette!"
"C'mon I'll join you then we'll have our dance!"  Taking my hand, he led me from the bar, out to the designated smoking area. Again the area was deserted. He guided me around to a dark corner and in one sweeping movement he had one hand rubbing my hairless pussy mound and the other manipulating my ample breasts. He was standing behind me as he performed these tasks. Softly nuzzling my neck as he tweaked my nipples and rubbed my pussy, whispering how he wanted to fuck a hot slut like me as he brought me to a wonderful orgasm. I leant my head back and offered my open panting mouth to him. His mouth locked on mine as his tongued swirled inside my mouth. His fingers were now invading my slit, slowly working their way inside my hot wet pussy. His hand left my breasts as he began to unzip his fly. His hard cock sprang out and parted my pussylips.
He was inside my cunt with an inch of his cock and was just about to slide into me fully when I turned to him and said.
"I couldn't let you fuck my pussy! That hole is for my husband only!"
He interpreted that as an ok for the following. Without any warning he took his cock and slid it right inside my ass.
A loud moan left my lips as he held my narrow waist and began to fuck my ass.
All of the previous finger fucking had left my ass vulnerable for a fucking.
It felt sensational to have a hard cock inside me after my prolonged teasing.
I was so hot for this. I strangely assured myself that ass fucking wasn't really being unfaithful and moaned softly at him.
"Fuck my ass! Treat me like a filthy whore!"
I felt myself bucking back on his cock as he slid his hard cock in and out of my asshole.
"Does your husband know that you're getting fucked up the ass?" He snarled, arousing me more than he would ever know.
I turned my head back toward him, smiling seductively and whispered.
"No he doesn't know I'm a whore being fucked up the ass! Fuck me and fill me with your cum!" I teased.
I stroked my clit as he plundered my ass with his bareback cock.
"Fuck me like my husband couldn't!" I encouraged, riding his cock as he banged my ass.
After five minutes of thrusting his cock deep inside my ass, he snarled and informed me he was about to cum.
Jet streams of hot spunk sprayed up my ass as he emptied his sac deep inside me, holding my tits as his cock spewed ample amounts of hot sticky cum inside my tight hole.
I orgasmed violently with his cock up my ass, as he squeezed my tits and gently nibbled the flesh of my neck.
As his erection subsided he slowly removed his cock, tucked it back in his trousers, kissed me with a tongue kiss and said we should get back in.
I could feel his hot seed swirling around inside my ass and unless I wanted any obvious signs of what we'd been up to, I needed to make an emergency visit to the ladies. I didn't think I could make it to the ladies so I hoisted my dress above my waist and squeezed the spunk out of my ass. The spunk felt just as hot coming out as it did going in.
Reaching into my handbag I grabbed a tissue and cleaned myself up as best as I could. Throwing the used tissue away, I kissed my dance partner very sexily and said
"That was fun! C'mon we'll get that dance now!"
When we reached the dance floor the music was almost over. I held my dance partner close and said we should stay for the next record. Thankfully this was also a slow number and the dance floor didn't empty. With my arms around my partner's neck I leant in toward him and whispered.
"Finger fuck my pussy!"
He didn't need to be told twice. His hand smoothed its way up my thigh and rested on the mound of my hairless pussy. His middle finger opened my pussy lips and slid inside my soaking cunt.
"Poke my cunt!" I snarled.
I could feel my juices squelching on his fingers as he expertly brought me to another orgasm. We were deep in the dance floor so I kissed him deeply and ran my tongue amok in his panting mouth. My nipples were burning with desire and I desperately needed a cock in my pussy. If this continued then I would have no option but to give my married pussy to some strange cock. Rubbing his thumb on my clitoris he gave me another orgasm as the music came to an end. Straightening ourselves up, we left the dance floor and returned to the bar.
There were now four empty champagne bottles and the fifth was being opened.  A glass was handed to me as hubby gave me a peck on the cheek and patted my ass, resting his hand on my ass cheek he began kneading my butt. If only he knew!
So far I'd had a cock come in my mouth, one in my ass, one almost in my pussy and countless fingers in my ass and pussy. I'd lost count of the number of orgasms I'd endured but it was safe to say it was a substantial amount.
Sipping my champagne I looked over at the only guy in the company who hadn't danced with me yet.  He was very good looking and appeared to have a very muscular physique. "Shall we dance?" I enquired .
"I'm not really much of a dancer sorry but I do quite fancy a cigarette right now!"
It was patently obvious now that the guys were indeed talking; I just hope hubby didn't hear any of their whisperings.
"Do you know something; I could really do with a nice long smoke!" I teased as I smiled at him.
As we left the party at the bar, Hubby was oblivious to my whereabouts as he continued drinking with the remaining guys.  My new dance partner and I made it out to the smoking area and yet again there were no other patrons. I turned to my partner and said.
"You guys have been talking haven't you?"
"And you have been showing your pussy, having all of the guys bring you off and enjoying every minute of it!"
Busted!
He pulled me closer to him and began to massage my breasts.
I moaned as he kneaded my breasts, placing a finger under my chin, he lifted my face up to his and kissed me gently, sliding his tongue into my mouth.
I responded to his kiss, sliding my tongue into his mouth.
Placing my hand on his crotch I could feel a very nice length of cock
"Come here. I'll show you something!" he whispered.
He eased me round the corner to the car park. Parked at the extremity was a Winnebago type camper van. Holding my arm he began to usher me gently toward the van. He smiled saying we would be more comfortable in there.
He unlocked the door and led me into the very luxurious camper. Closing the door behind us he clicked on the lights. All of the blinds and drapes were closed thankfully.
Standing behind me, he placed his hands at the front on the hem of my tight dress and raised it up over my head. My tits sprang out unleashed as I stood unashamedly naked before him, except for my high heels. He turned me to face him, took a good long look at my naked body and kissed me deeply. Undoing his trousers, he unleashed a very impressive cock. Removing his shirt and shoes we were now both naked and panting with lust.
"Do I get to fuck your pussy?" he smiled .
"Only with your fingers and tongue!" I smiled back informing him.
He pulled me close to him and kissed me. My pierced nipples grazed his chest as our warm flesh came into contact.
"I so want to fuck you!" he whispered as his fingers teased my clit.
I just let out a soft moan.
"Lick my cunt!"
Placing my body on to the bed, I opened my legs as wide as I could for him to see my hairless pussy in all its glory. I had never been so excited or aroused, finding myself naked before a stranger, displaying my sex so freely. Wearing only my shoes made me feel like a glamour model or at the very least a cheating fuck slut.
I held my fleshy pussylips open, smiling at him, as he knelt between my legs and thrust his two fingers deep inside my pussy. With my legs wide and in the air he began to fuck my pussy with his two fingers, pushing hard against my Gspot. My pussy was high up as his fingers worked their wonderful magic. My breasts heaved as he plunged his pussy soaked fingers deeper inside me.
I'd never exposed myself to a stranger so much as this and I loved every second of it.
I wished that all of his friends could be there watching me spread my legs wide open and let his fingers fuck my cunt.
His fingers now rubbed my Gspot frantically as I screamed at him that I was going to cum! His continued finger blasting made my pussy explode as copious amounts of female ejaculation burst from my opening. He continued finger blasting me relentless as I almost fainted with sexual pleasure. The gushing orgasm was also multi orgasmic and my body shook violently as he agitated my Gspot. I wasn't so much as panting it was more like sobbing as I enjoyed the best sex I'd ever experienced. As my huge orgasm waned he removed his magical fingers. Spreading my pussylips as wide as they would go, he plunged his tongue deep in my fuck hole.
I was being the biggest slut imaginable, willingly showing him any part of my body and encouraging him to use that body for his own sexual gratification.
His tongue wriggled teasingly deep inside my pussy as his grey blue eyes stared up at me. I orgasmed instantly, my breath was panting ferociously as he ate my pussy wonderfully.
I was pinching my pierced nipples begging him to tongue fuck my pussy.
His tongue was darting in and out of my fuck hole as I wriggled beneath him.
"Lick my pussy! Make me come!" I panted "My husband never ate my slut cunt like this!" Another blissful orgasm swept through me as I rode his tongue and lips.
His tongue flicked over my pussy as he moved the snakelike muscle toward my asshole. Rimming my ass he fingered my pussy as he brought me to another blissful orgasm.
Kissing my holes he worked his way up my stomach, he moved up the bed like a sexual panther. Kissing my breasts and pierced nipples, he softly chewed the metal bar impaled in my nipples. Making his way up to my neck he gently nibbled my neck then my earlobe. This was the horniest I had ever been in my life as I felt his cock slip inside my soaking wet pussylips.
My cunt was absolutely drenched. Involuntarily I raised my legs around his back giving him greater access, resting my white high heels on his muscular buttocks. His cock was slipping and sliding all around my fuckhole, sending sensational sexual pleasures through my sopping pussy. I rocked my hips slowly, moaning as his magnificent cock excited the opening to my pussy. With one small movement his cock slid inside my cunt as my legs wrapped around his back enjoying the insatiable pleasure.
I began to return his thrusts as his magnificent cock slid majestically in and out of my excited pussy. He looked down at my pussylips stretched around his cock. I was moaning like a whore as he continued his onslaught.
"Fuck me!" I panted "but don't come inside me!" I said breathing heavily.
He looked at me somewhat confused as my guilt somehow brushed the lust away, as I strived to inform him that my pussy should remain my husbands.
"No don't fuck my pussy!" I begged, changing my stance and confusing him even further as I thrust my pelvis to meet every thrust of his cock, almost giving up my resistance.
He lifted himself up, kneeling between my legs, his cock was nudging at my pussy opening. "I so want to fuck this!" he said sliding about an inch of cock back inside me. "Please don't fuck my pussy!" I begged, still thrusting against his cock. He placed another inch of his magnificent cock inside my pussy, sliding it in and out expertly.
The heat from his cock was sending me crazy with lust and it took all my inner discipline to muster.
"Please don't fuck my pussy! I need to keep that for my husband! I'll suck your cock or you can fuck my ass! You can come anywhere you want, and I'll do anything you want, but I must keep my pussy for my husband!"
He removed his cock from my opening. Leaning over me, he kissed me deeply. My hands went all over his strong muscular back. Kissing him deeply I raised my legs high and wide, grabbed his hard manhood and helped him slide his magnificent cock into my unfaithful ass. I came as soon as his cock impaled me. My clitoris was still Un-hooded as his soft pubic hair tickled my pulsing quim. Thrashing against each other he fucked my ass and kissed me deeply.
"Please fuck my ass!" I pleaded.
"You are the most beautiful cock hungry whore ever!" he panted "You love cock don't you?" He quizzed
"Oh my god! I fucking love cock!" I screamed
"You fucking whore! You love cock!" He said through gritted teeth
"Fuck my ass and come in my mouth!" I whispered.
"Your husband doesn't know any of this?" he panted, with a bewildered look.
"He knows I'm a cock teasing slut but he doesn't know I'm naked being assfucked by a total stranger!" I moaned, thrusting back at him.
I lost count of the number of anal orgasms I endured during that short space of time.
My dance partner said he was about to come.
Without thinking I spun him over and jumped off his cock just as the first spurt was on its way. My mouth covered his cock as spurt after spurt of his delicious spunk filled my mouth. The power of his ejaculation was one of the sexiest things I've ever endured and I felt that I would fuck this cock sometime in the future.
I sucked his cock dry swallowing every single drop and licked the entire shaft clean, worshipping his magnificent weapon.
He smiled at me, looking down at me with his cock in my mouth and said.
"Do you want to go back to the bar or would you like to stay and get fucked in the ass again?" He smiled confidently.
"I'd love to stay and feel your cock inside me again but I need to get back to my hubby before he realised I was gone!" I giggled naughtily.
He removed his cock from my mouth, stepping to one side and picking up my sexy white mini dress.
My dance partner was just about to hand me my dress when he looked at my naked body and asked.
"Would you object to me taking a few photos of you as a keepsake?"
"You've fucked my ass and come in my mouth! I've been thrashing beneath you totally naked apart from my slutty high heels! How could I possibly object? Get the camera and take some photos of the slut you just fucked!" I smiled as I lay back on the bed, opening my legs wide and giving him several glamour poses.
I was excited beyond belief to be naked before him, showing my tight holes, much more than I would show my husband. I could feel the arousal expanding as I touched my pussy, holding my pussylips open, revealing my tight hole as I continued with a few legs open shots.
I even placed a couple of fingers in my pussy and ass for a few shots, smiling comfortably at the camera as I did so. He held his cock at the base, which had grown to full erection once more and offered it to my open mouth again as he clicked a few more pics.
I slipped his cock in between my full pouting lips and began to suck his amazing pleasure giver once more.
He placed a huge handled hairbrush onto the bed, grinning salaciously as he did so. I picked it up, smiling at him between licking his cock, and thrust the handle into my pussy, bringing myself off into the bargain. He continued clicking away as I took the brush handle and slid it up my well lubricated ass. I turned over onto my knees with my breasts hanging freely, with the brush sticking out of my ass. I smiled at the camera as he clicked away.
"Does the camera have a video?" I enquired.
He flicked the camera from Photo to video.
Pointing the camera at my naked body I looked into the lens and said.
"Lover boy here has just fucked me up the ass and then came in my mouth, while my poor loving husband is blissfully unaware how much of a cock loving slut his cheating wife is! He is calmly drinking with his new friends not realising that all of them have made me come tonight and I have happily returned the favour, milking the spunk out of all the guys cocks. As he drinks with his friends, I wonder if he has had as much fun with them as I have?"
I fingered my pussy and ass for the camera for a few minutes and actually came on camera.
"C'mon I'll need to get back!" I hinted "I'll scribble down my phone number and you can send a copy of that video and the pics!"
He placed the camera down, handed me my dress and helped me into the tight sheath. Fixing my hair and makeup, I picked up his toothpaste and smeared a little on my finger and rubbed it along my teeth.
"To help get rid of the smell of cum!" I stated matter of factly.
I picked up his phone and keyed my digits in it, for him to send me the pics and video. Getting out of the van, I lit a cigarette and we walked round to the smoking area. Still no one was there, so this gave me a respite to enjoy my post coital cigarette. He said he should go back inside so as not to arouse suspicion. I agreed and gave him a soft full kiss with just a hint of tongue.
"You my dear are the best and dirtiest piece of ass I or any of my friends have ever had the pleasure of!"
"Well honey, Believe me" I responded "It's been my absolute pleasure having you guys! And if I wasn't married, I would have probably fucked you all at once!" I teased
He placed a card into my hand, which had his cell phone number on and I placed this in my handbag.
"We don't live too far away from each other back home, so if you ever want to hook up..."
"Mmmm!" I smirked "Five hard cocks! That could be interesting!"
"We could book you as a glamour model or as a stripper if you're up for it!" He smiled.
Both notions appealed to the exhibitionist in me, leaving a nice exciting tingle in my pussy at the thought of his suggestion.
He turned and opened the door and stepped back into the club.
About thirty-seconds later hubby popped his head out and said.
"Ah there you are? I was wondering where you'd got too?"
"I needed some cool air and a cigarette. Those guys are really nice, but they'll dance the legs off me!" I protested innocently.
"Do you want to call it a night?" Hubby asked rather chirpily.
"Yes, I most certainly do, before you get too drunk and can't fuck me!" I smiled stroking his cheek tenderly.
I was desperate to be fucked. My poor pussy hadn't seen much cock action and I was craving to be spunked inside.
"C'mon then let's say goodbye to the guys!" He insisted, blissfully unaware I'd said more than goodbye to them.
We went inside the club and headed to the bar where the five guys were waiting.
My heart was beating a little faster, aware that I had made each and every one of their cocks hard as nails.
"Sorry guys but it's time for me and the wife to head back to the hotel!"
"Well it's been a pleasure meeting you and I can speak for all the boys when I say it's been an absolute pleasure dancing with your gorgeous wife!" said the guy who fucked me in the camper van.
I blushed slightly and smiled at the guys, my pussy still tingling with excitement.
Each of the guys shook hubby's hand occupying him briefly, as all of them gave me a big hug with their wandering hands all over my body away from hubby's eye line, touching my breasts, pussy or well used ass, whispering in to my ear that I was a very sexy slut.
One of the guys even stuck a finger in my pussy when hubby had his back turned. These really were such wonderful, sexy, naughty boys.
Hubby had arranged to meet up with the guys in the Nightclub in a couple days, so it looks like I'll be getting more attention later and if the guilt is avoided, I may just let some of them fuck my pussy.
We headed back to the hotel, arm in arm, and as soon as we made it to our room, my dress was off and crumpled on the floor, but this time on my hotel room floor. I paraded my nakedness to my husband, strutting around naked except for my high heels for the second time tonight. I was aroused beyond belief, aware that I was about to make my sixth cock of the evening hard, but this time I would be getting fucked with a good squirt of spunk in my pussy, hopefully dampening my ardour. Keeping my high heels on I walked my husband over to the bed, removing every garment of his clothing with sexual intent.
I placed him on the hotel bed, looking at his excited flushed face. Now he was fully naked, his cock sprang to full erection, as I climbed on the bed, straddling his thighs. I positioned my wet pussy over the head of his cock as I slowly impaled myself on his throbbing cock. Hubby grabbed my butt cheeks and slid his index finger toward my well fucked ass hole, blissfully unaware at just how much cock and finger this tight hole had just endured. His finger slid inside my tightest of holes as I began to fuck hubby within an inch of his life, reminiscing of my earlier antics and all the varied cocks I'd experienced just minutes earlier. I came violently as hubby fucked my pussy and finger fucked my ass.
My sexual arousal was at an intensified level and hubby was getting the full benefit of my incredible horniness. He was pounding my pussy with a renewed vigour when he announced that he was about to come. I leapt off his cock just in time to receive a face full of powerful ejaculation. I managed to place my lips over his exploding cock and to eagerly swallow the last few spurts of his thick creamy white fluid. Licking his deflating cock clean we lay on the bed, basking in the afterglow of our insatiable union. Hubby had his suspicions about my incognito flashing in the nightclub and why the guys were paying us so much attention. He thought that all the male attention was the reason for my being so aroused but he didn't suspect anything else. He had no clue that his faithful wife had enjoyed tongues, fingers and cocks in all of her holes this evening. He was ignorant of the fact that his cheating wife had experienced and enjoyed more orgasms in one night than she would experience in one month. I kissed my husband with my spunk tasting lips with not an ounce of guilt. The memory of that night had me on hot bricks the whole time and thankfully Hubby fucked me at least three times a day for the entire Holiday to help suppress my wandering urges. I continued teasing other guys for the duration of our stay and was propositioned a couple times, but I was mainly a good girl for the rest of the trip, well almost apart from another night at the disco, which will be another chapter and a brief encounter in the hotel elevator.
On my return home I was in Jens little shop having a tiny little Basque made. Jen complimented me on my tan and asked how the holiday went.  I told her about my exhibitionism by the pool, my teasing in the restaurants and my wonderful night at the club with the five guys. I told her about the rest of the holiday and the effect this had on hubby. She giggled and said.
"Wearing those outfits with your body it's a surprise you didn't give one of them a heart attack!"
I told her how exciting it all was for both me and hubby, when Jens look went very serious.
"If he is ok with that, would he be ok with you doing a bit of part time stripping or lap dancing?"
"I'm not sure, he's not fully aware of everything that went on, plus I'm not sure I'd want too?" I replied.
Jen looked at me with a wide smile and said .
"You were horny as fuck knowing you were turning those guys on and what it did for them, and so was your husband, plus he thinks he got all the benefit!"
"I suppose so" I scrambled, feeling myself getting strangely aroused at the thought of performing a striptease for a room full of men.
"Well if turning five guys on was exciting, can you imagine how arousing it must be to get a room full of guys aroused as you slowly expose your body to them? Or how horny you would be squirming on some guys lap whilst you're tits and pussy were naked, knowing that the guy would give anything to touch your incredibly sexy body?"
The thought of this was indeed beginning to make my pussy fizz. It did arouse me, there was no doubt about that, but what would be Hubby's take on the matter.
Biting my lip with nervousness and sexual arousal Jen continued.
"You would drive the men mental with desire. Some of the outfits I could run up for you would guarantee a huge wad of cash at the end of the night!" Jen continued appealing to my business sense.
"But what if I got too horny and wanted to go further. Don't think hubby would take too kindly to that!"
"He might love it, plus look what you got up to in Tenerife, but he only needs to know what you let him know!" she stated
"I've seen you naked Becky and the guys will be like bees round a honey pot!"
"Show me some of the outfits you have in mind!" I asked.
Jen showed me some almost there mini dresses in a variety of materials, all designed with the notion to be removed at the first opportunity. Some of the stripper lingerie was incredibly sexy as were the shoes and boots which would accessorise these outfits.
"If I can convince hubby, and he is ok with it, then how would I go about getting a job as a stripper or dancer?"
"You leave that to me!" Jen enthused Jen gave me a couple of dresses and some shoes to take home and show hubby to see if he was ok with my proposed new career. She scooped up some bras, thongs and fishnet stockings to try on at home and practice some dirty dancing with. I placed all of the goods in the bag, gave Jen a peck on the cheek and said
"Hopefully see you tomorrow with some good news!"
I went home, had a long luxurious bath, shaved my pussy, patted my body dry and smothered myself with body lotion. Placing a pair of fishnet stockings with a garter belt, I then slipped my feet inside a high pair of glass heeled platform shoes; I then stretched a very sexy red shiny mini dress over my body. The dress clung to me like a second skin. My breasts stretched the thin material with my erect nipples poking out.
I wasn't wearing a bra or thong as I looked at my reflection in the full length mirrors on my wardrobes in the bedroom. I did look hot that's for sure. As I began to practice gyrating and swivelling my hips, I heard hubby's key enter the lock of the front door.
"I'm upstairs" I shouted as the door closed behind him.
Hubby climbed the stairs and opened the bedroom door. Standing in the frame he whistled and said.
"Wow!"
"Do you like the outfit?" I quizzed "Because I have a very good reason for wearing it!"
I continued, teasing hubby.
Hubby bent me over and thrust his cock straight into my very wet pussy. I knelt on the bed as hubby continued banging away sending me wild with desire. We would often dabble in dirty talk during our sex sessions, so when I started by saying that I wanted to be a Stripper and remove my sexy underwear for total strangers, hubby thought this was part of the sexual ruse.
"I want to strip for them and let them see my tits and shaved pussy. I want to lap dance for them and grind my bald pussy into their laps feeling their hard cocks straining against their trousers!"
"Sounds good!" hubby said panting as he continued fucking me "They'll love a big titted slut rubbing her shaved pussy all over their hard trouser covered cocks!"
"I'm serious!" I said, panting with lust "I want to strip for men and let them see my naked body, opening my legs and holding my pussy open to let them see my pink flesh. Bending over and letting see them see my puckered ring, maybe even giving my pussy or asshole a little rub to get them harder!"
"This sounds great babe!" Hubby responded "They'll go berserk when they see that shaved slit and tight asshole!"
"Babe I'm not kidding, I want to be a stripper. I want to be naked in front of strange men, turning them on then I want to come home and be fucked after turning on rooms full of men!"
"What if they want to fuck you?" he timidly asked.
"I would hope they'd all want too, but you wouldn't allow that?" I quizzed.
"As long as you told me afterwards, as long as it was sex only and as long as condoms were worn when fucking you, I could possibly cope!" he exclaimed "In fact it sounds quite horny you being fucked as a stripper!"
My head was spinning as he rammed his now harder than ever cock deep inside my pussy. He took his hard cock out of my pussy and slid it effortlessly straight into my asshole. My puckered ring grasped his shaft as his cock slid in and out of my willing tight hole.
"Plus this hole is for my cock only!" he insisted, his balls banging against my shaved slit.
I couldn't believe how easily my husband accepted my request. I needed confirmation that his response was not only in the positive but also a real statement and not some bedroom sex talk.
"Now your cock is out of me and waiting to be sucked I'll continue. I want to be a Stripper! Can you handle that?"
"Whilst I was fucking you it was a turn on, but now I can honestly say if that's what you'd like then I'm fine with it, including everything else we discussed during our fuck!"
I leant across him and slipped my tongue in his mouth, placing my hand on his rock hard cock, stroking the shaft and moaning gently.
"You're ok with me stripping and you're ok if I want to fuck one of my punters?" I smiled.
"The fact that you're telling me is a positive. You could have easily just fucked someone and not said anything at all!" he smiled, pushing my head toward his cock.
"You'll not regret this!" I said as I took his rock hard cock between my lips.
Sucking his cock wildly he held my ears gently and whispered.
"If you do fuck them remember our rules, condoms, one night stands only, you always tell me and no one fucks your ass!"
Rolling my tongue around his blood engorged helmet I could feel the first twinges of his powerful orgasm. His cock erupted lavish amounts of hot spunk which I swallowed willingly.
I moved up the bed and gave him a soft kiss.
"So am I allowed to suck their cocks and swallow their spunk?" I teased giggling.
"Better there than in your pussy!" he laughed.
"What if it's more than one guy fucking me? Can one of them not fuck my ass?" I giggled pushing hubby's limits even further.
"They'll probably fuck your ass anyway, as you do like a cock sliding in and out of that tight hole!" he laughed.
"Congratulations, you were the first to fuck me in one of the outfits I'll be wearing as a Stripper! Each time I wear this, I'll think of you fucking me in it!"
"I would add a bra and thong or some kind of corset or Basque. That will drive them wild!" hubby encouraged.  He was right, the lumps and bumps of the underwear beneath would add to the sluttiness of the scenario.
"The thing is babe; the guys will be bursting to touch you, and will try anything to get a quick feel. The additional underwear will keep their hands occupied if you offer it to them to remove. Plus it will turn you on like fuck! Remember in the disco in Tenerife?"
"Sounds interesting" I thought. "And you'd be ok with this?" "Of course, plus you'll make a killing in tips!" he smiled .
"You make a start on dinner whilst I practice my sexy moves!" I teased. Hubby went downstairs to prepare our meal whilst I picked up my mobile and texted Jen.
"He approves hee hee. I will be in your shop tomorrow about 10 to discuss further. Thanx B"
Jen texted back
"Great I'll arrange for the strip club manager to be in the shop when you arrive! Xxx"'
I wasn't expecting that, but it did make sense. Tomorrow morning I'll probably be disrobing seductively in front of a total stranger...again!
The remainder of the night was occupied with hubby and I discussing outfits, music etc for my new career. He was handling this very well and was very pro-active offering suggestions and advice. I tried all of the outfits on that Jen had handed me, parading around the bedroom doing impromptu strips and lap dances for hubby. The shoes were much higher than I normally wear and took a bit of getting used to.
As hubby looked at me with lust and pride I was having a few pangs of guilt about my night in the disco and was close to confession, but thought that should be for another day. Who knows! Maybe I'll have more to confess soon!