I was cycling round France for four weeks and I finished in Paris with four days of sightseeing. I was staying in a quaint old hotel in Marais - a great Parisian inner city district. As a reward for the trip, I wanted to leave Paris with a special memory. So, after researching sex clubs in Paris, I found one that was highly recommended. Friday night was their popular single males + couples night. I rang the club on the Thursday to confirm a place as they had a strict ratio of singles/couples.
Around 10.30 pm on Friday, after a few French red wines and a late bistro meal in a cosy old world wine bar, I walked through the inner Parisian streets to the club. After checking my reservation and paying my entrance fee, I was gestured to the bar. A bit of ice breaking chit chat then ensued with other club members. They were all very friendly and casual. The complimentary cold French 1664 ale eased the tension and excitement within me. A few folk then started drifting off into the club and the very helpful bar girl suggested I should meander through the different rooms of the club to see what interests me for the night.
Couples with or without an additional male, in various stages of undress were pleasing and teasing each other. The intoxicating smell of sex wafted through the air and the groans and occasional moans from both men and women enjoying themselves was foreplay in itself.
A couple came past, smiled and then they disrobed nearby. Both were on their late thirties and fairly trim. She got on all fours on a bench. Her slender legs, tight ass, white alabaster skin, pert breasts, wicked cheeky grin and dazzling big brown eyes all very alluring and captivating. He stood in front of her with his lean smooth torso and his erect large cock brushing against her face and brown "bob cut" hair. She then started sucking him and he indicated to passers-by that she was available to be used but there was to be no fucking.
Several guys wandered past playfully stroking and cupping her breasts and fingering her from behind. She was enjoying the attention, invitingly wiggling her ass as they touched and caressed her. Meanwhile her boyfriend just watched on, as she played with his hard cock, slowly stroking him, licking and teasing the tip of his prick. She never turned around, hence she never saw who was playing with her.
As this was my first visit and my first 30 minutes inside the club, I decided just to watch this one out. Two young fit guys came up and started to play with her more intensely. Her boyfriend moved to one side, just lightly stroking her back and shoulders, as one of the young guys fed his hard cock into her mouth. He then clasped the back of her head and started face fucking her.
The other guy got behind her on the bench, parted her wet large pussy lips and began running his tongue up and down and all over her smooth lips. He tongue fucked her pussy. She was enjoying his talented tongue probing her pussy, moaning and grinding her pussy against his face. He then started rimming her, and thrusting one, then two fingers deep into her pussy.
The young guy behind her then turned round, lied on his back on the bench, moved his head under her pussy and started sucking hard on her clitoris. She was moaning loudly now and her body started shuddering from his mouth sucking hard on her lips and clit. She pushed her ass back against his face and started grinding her pussy on his face and then suddenly she shuddered hard and climaxed which in turn made the other guy who was face fucking start to cum as well.
She vigorously sucked his cock and then swallowed his load as he came.
She then looked up, smiled and said, Merci!"
She then looked around and smiled back at the leaner of the two guys who had been tonguing her pussy from behind. She crooked her finger and indicated to him to come up and join her where his friend had been. He then moved up to her face with his big hard cock and heavy balls swaying as he walked. Not wanting to disappoint him for his talented oral efforts, she started sucking him with gusto. She ran her tongue up and down his shaft, sucking the head of his cock while stroking him, cupping and squeezing his big full balls. While she was focused on his cock, a large naked older women with pendulous breasts squatted behind her.
As the woman's tongue entered her pussy again, the girl on the bench stopped briefly, groaned deeply and then returned her attention to her second hard cock of the night. The older woman's tongue then started flicking across her tight rosebud, teasing her ass while she slid two then three of her fingers into her pussy. She started thrusting her hand deeply in to her pussy while slapping her ass at the same time.
I kept resisting the urge to join them, just stroking my hard cock occasionally, while avidly watching this spectacular sex show in front of me. A hot woman on all fours with a woman avidly eating and fingering pussy while she blew a young fit guy with a large hard cock.
The girl on the bench was struggling to focus on that big hard cock in her mouth now. She was squirming, moaning, gasping and pushing her drenched cunt back against the older woman's thrusting hand and talented tongue. She pulled his cock out of her mouth and started wanking him furiously, squeezing his balls. He in turn began squeezing and playfully slapping her breasts, pinching her erect nipples.
As she sensed the guy was also close to coming, she licked her middle finger and then inserted it into the lean guy's ass. His knees buckled, he groaned loudly and he started coming. She aimed his cock at her chest and he sprayed his cum all over her pert breasts. She continued to stroke his hard cock emptying a huge load of sperm all over her chest.
The older woman sensing the girl was also close, slowed the tempo down. She rotated her hand and with two fingers, started thrusting into her pussy and rubbing her G - spot. While with her other hand, she reached around and started circling and gently squeezing and rubbing her hard clitoris. That was all it took to take the girl on all fours over the edge again! She started shuddering thrusting back on the older woman hands.
The girl started crying out, "Oui, Oui, Oui!!" as she came hard again.
After her second orgasm, with her legs were splayed wide and her pussy gaping, the older woman withdrew her two fingers and slapped her lightly on her ass. She sighed and lied down on the bench. Both of the boys who came from her mouth, bent down, kissed her lightly on each cheek and then moved on.
After the girl had regained her breath, she was greeted by her boyfriend's hard cock in front of her face. Her neck, breasts and tummy still dripping from the second load of cum she had received. She looked up, smiled and grabbed hold of his stiff cock. He didn't need much more attention. She sucked and licked the head of his cock, stroking his hard shaft and squeezing his balls. Very soon, he started cumming as well. She engulfed his hard cock till her lips were on his groin and swallowed most of his sperm. With a drop of sperm hanging from her lip, she rose from the bench, embraced him and passionately kissed him hard.
Her boyfriend turned to me and said to me, "Did you like watching us?"
I replied, "Yes, it was very hot!!" It looks like you both enjoyed yourselves. They introduced themselves as Carolyn and Henri.
She said in broken English, "Where are you from?"
I replied, "Australia, I just spent four weeks cycling round France and this is my reward!"
C nodded to H and said, "Well well well, we have never played with an Aussie cyclist before, would you like to join us?"