Hi guys, my name is Nikita, 24yrs old living in Bangalore. My story is about a very eye opening time in my life. About 2 years back I finished college and just got a job in Bangalore. I had been placed in college along with another guy from there called Ayush. Ayush was this nerdy guy in my class who definitely got placed due to his talent while I just barely made it thru. This must have been mostly due to my figure. I always felt kind of confident because at an early age I had developed quite a curvy boy.
I had a slim frame with 34-D boobs which stood up with perky nipples. My slim waist quickly broadened into a tight ass that shook just a bit when I walked. I am a little dusky by complexion but have, beautiful and luscious lips, big eyes and long hairs which reached till my ass. Although I had confidence, due to my upbringing, I hadn't ever had a boyfriend. I also only ever dressed conservatively in chudidar, an Indian dress kind of like a gown, never even had jeans.
Moving on, my parent were quite happy with my job offer but were scared to send me to Bangalore. A few days before going, my parents happened to meet Ayush parents at a store, and they got to talking about us. Ayush's parents were also quite sceptical about sending their son as he was a very sheltered boy. He rarely talks to anyone or mingles. So both the set of parents decided it would be better to get a two bedroom flat for us to start off with the job, and then maybe split off once we are comfortable there.
When my parents asked me if I was fine with this I said ok. Ayush was basically a harmless and extremely skinny boy who probably just sat with his books. It also meant I could have a flat to myself and didn't have to go to a hostel which was their first choice.
So getting on, in another month we had joined the company and taken two bhp flat for rent that had a nice balcony as well. The only issue was that we had a single bathroom. We had a routine where we dressed up early morning and we to office in a taxi and came back at different times.
Ayush used to just go to his room as soon as he came back and we barely talked. I used to go to the office in chudidar always but after seeing the nice clothes that women wore there I started to get a little like a village girl. So one day I decided to go and buy some formal shirts and pants and try.
I asked Ayush if he can come with me as well that weekend for shopping. He said fine. I went to the shop and asked for some formal shirts and pants. The shopkeeper looked at me from top to bottom, even thru my dress he could make out the curves of my tight big boobs that stood up and my thighs in leggings. He took a set of white silk shirt and a black pant and gave me.
I took those and went to try. When I put on the shirt, I felt it was a little tight, while I could put all the buttons, the top two buttons seemed to be stretching the fabric a bit. I put not the pants and they fit very tight against my body, showing every contour of my ass. I shouted from inside asking the shopkeeper to give me a bigger shirt as the top buttons don't fit properly, but he said usually in formal ladies, the top two buttons are not put, I should just not put them.
I thought that made sense a bit as all my colleagues generally did leave those open. I tried to open them but due to being so tight, it was very difficult for me. A after a lot of trying I realise can't do it and panicked.
I shouted that they aren't opening and came out. Ayush was standing there on his phone, and his seemed to widen when he saw me in that tight dress. The shopkeeper said come here I will open them. I didn't want the keeper to do anything inappropriate, so I said no, but I didn't know how to open the buttons. By now with all the strain, almost three buttons where loose.
So then I called Ayush. I told him to try to open the buttons. He seemed to be a bit hesitant, but he came near me. He tried a lot and finally was able to remove the top one. But now the whole weight of my chest was on the next two. As he forced harder to remove the next I could feel his knuckles rub against my bra. Suddenly, the button broke and the force made the button below to also break. The shirt popped open revealing my bra covered boobs.
Standing in the hot store had made me quite sweaty and Ayush had a great view of my deep cleavage into which sweat was running from my neck. The upper part of my tits were covered with tiny droplets. The shopkeeper also got a great view and was smiling. Ayush froze where he was, staring at my tits. I panicked and slapped him and ran back into the changing room. That when I first saw how much they has seen, the bra was low covering enough that they could see the tip of my areolars.
I felt really embarrassed and immediately changed and came out. I told the shopkeeper ill pay for the shirt and get me a next size one as well. I took both and quickly left the place with Ayush. The whole time he never talked. As we were going back in the taxi, he grunted a bit.
"I'm sorry." he said looking at the floor of the cab not wanting to make eye contact with me.
"It's fine." I said, still embarrassed, "I'm sorry I slapped you, but you could've been more careful."
He continued to look down and I started to calm down a bit and looked back at him. His head was completely bowed and he looked pitiful with his skinny body. As I looked downwards, I noticed something odd about his jean. One side seemed thicker than the other. My eyes suddenly widened as I realised that was his dick. He was having a hard on, and that thing was at least 8 inches. Now you have to realise that Indian's generally don't have big cocks. This was from my limited knowledge from just porn.
My heart started beating fast as I realised what I had done that to him, and I started feeling a little hotter than I usually was. By the time we reached our flat, I had completely forgotten about my embarrassment but was thinking of something else. He quickly went into his room as soon as we arrived.
I went into my room and changed my inners and changed into a nightie which was what I usually wore at home. As I came out I noticed that Ayush's door was slightly ajar. I peeked in and was shocked. Ayush was facing away from me in a chair completely naked, and was slowly stroking his cock. I started to feel my nipples getting hard and rubbing against my bra, as I saw the size of his massive cock. It was so turning on seeing that cock on such a tiny and slim body, like all his blood was flowing only to his dick. He moved his hand from tip to the end slowly. I moved a little more in when I realised he had his eyes closed. I felt my heart racing, as I watched my first real cock, pulsating.
My hand moved to my boobs over my dress and I pressed against it, trying to somehow satisfy my aching nipples through my bra. I don't remember how long I stood there as his pace quickened. I highly heard him saying something as I watched. I almost had an orgasm when I realised he was saying my name as he was stroking his thick cock. Suddenly he stopped and held his hand over the tip. His cum started to shoot up onto his hand.
It completely covered his hand and started dripping back onto his cock as more kept coming.
Finally it stopped, his cock and his legs covered in drips of cum. It was the most erotic sight I had ever seen. I gripped the door with one hand pushing it between my legs, grinding against it as much as I can. I quickly broke out of my spell and quietly went back to my room. That night I couldn't sleep thinking of ayush and his big cock.
I was horny thinking that I had got that reaction from him, turning him on. My fingers never left my pussy that night and I woke up in the morning completely naked. I had never slept like that before and was still feeling horny. I put-on just my nighties without inners and opened the door a bit. Ayush was sitting on the table eating breakfast and on his phone. He looked up as I walked to the bathroom. I went and quickly closed the door. Seeing him had got me a little hot again. I took a quick bath and then had an idea.
I didn't towel myself off. Instead I put-on just the nightie, the material stuck to my wet body like a second skin, sticking so close my every curve was visible, I think cupped my boobs so that the cloth stuck very close and even a little under my boobs. All this play and also made my nipples hard as hell. The material was stuck to my legs as well, showing of my ass. I tied the towel on my head and opened the door and walked out.
Ayush's eyes widened as he saw me. He had made breakfast for me as well and kept on the table. I walked towards the table, my tits jiggling with hard nipples. As I pulled the chair back to sit, I squeezed my boobs together giving him a long deep look at them. I was smiling inside but not showing any expression as I sat down and I didn't look at him either. I then finished my breakfast and noticed he hadn't moved even though he was done. I wasn't getting the view I wanted.
So once I was done I looked at him."Chalo, lets get ready for office." I said.
I stood up and took his plate, and he also stood up as I had wanted. He was wearing light track pants so I had a much better bulge that yesterday in jeans. The size of that cock gave a shudder as I walked to the kitchen. I knew he was still looking at me so I gave an extra sway to my ass as I jiggled with every step I took. He took the rest of the utensils and came to the kitchen to put in the sink.
As he was coming behind me, I moved back quickly a little, I moved back just enough that my wet, tight shaped ass cheeks brushed against his hard cock thru his tracks. I smiled as I saw him fluster and move away to his room. As I hoped in his hurry he hadn't closed his door properly again. I peeked in and saw him take of his shorts releasing his monster for my eyes. I pinched my braless nipple and touched my pussy thru the thin nightie as I saw him stroke it. I must have really pushed him because he started cumming within a few minutes.
I realised why he had used his hand last time to stop the flow. A massive load shot out of his penis and splayed all over his bed, and more and more kept coming out at the same force. I pushed my finger into my pussy along with my nightie, the wetness completely soaking it more. By the time he was done his whole bedsheets had been covered by cum.
He let go of his cock, panicked and pulled his bedsheets, and put it in the bin. I had moved to my room by the time he had covered his tracks. I stood behind my door not locking it, furiously fingering myself. The view of his cum covered sheet pushed me to an amazing orgasm. I heard a knock on my door and froze.
"Nikita the cab has arrived, we need to go." he said.
"I'm not feeling well, ill come in the later half." I said breathing heavily, my fingers still in my pussy.
I heard ayush move away and the front door closing. I cautiously opened the door, making sure he was truly gone. I walked shakily to the dinning table and sat down. I had never felt this turned on in my life for such obscene behaviour. I still felt a little edgy even after my release. I then had a thought. I slowly moved to his bedroom door, tried turning the knob and it was unlocked. I moved into the room to his clothes bin, his bedsheet was still in it. I picked it, feeling a little wetness on it. I spread it a little on his bed and since it was a darker colour, I could clearly see every place his cum was spread. It was too thick, there were still globules here and there.
I sat at the edge of the bed, moved one finger over a thick bubble, picking it up. I had never seen cum before. It had a weird smell but in my heat, the very thought of cum on my hand was enough to dumb my senses. I placed it on my tongue, feeling the salty flavour, and gulped it. I then couldn't help myself and took of my nightie, and pinched my nipples. I was completely naked on the edge of a cum covered bed, horny as hell. I then lied down on my stomach on the sheet, letting the cum rub all over the front of my body. I kept rubbing myself on the sheet, and licking the cum whenever I can from the bedsheet. The whole exercise put my head In a trance.
I turned around and then felt my tits, the cum coating them. I felt so horny, that I got up and walked to the hall completely naked ,and covered in cum. I walked to my room, rubbing my pussy as I did. I took my phone and turned on the front camera and took a few shots of my whole body covered in cum, licking my tits, taking some cum from my stomach and licking it. I took detailed snaps of these and didn't know why.
I then went back to his room, put back his sheet, picked my nightie and went for a shower. I cleaned what I could, not before taking a few other licks to get as much taste as I can and got ready for office. I tried on my new silk shirt and pants and went to office...with the top two buttons open.