Sometimes, people do things they never thought they were capable of. For instance, once in a while, you'd come across stories of people taking up alternative lifestyles or having sex with the same gender at later stages of their lives. Something of this sort happened to me, too.
During the early years of my life, I never gave any serious thought to my appearance or my body. I was more interested in creativity. In school, I was into sports, especially lawn tennis, and without sounding arrogant, I was pretty good at it.
In my teens, I landed a job at one of the biggest radio stations, which was like a dream come true. The work there was not only exciting but also fulfilling. But I was so ambitious that instead of being satisfied with that, I also took up photography with the same passion.
With so much happening in my life, I hardly had any time to flirt, go out with boys, or even think about them. This doesn't mean I didn't notice boys and men trying to flirt with me, which did make me feel good about myself. By my late teens, I had a clear career goal, and this gave me time to notice other things in life. One was my younger brother's not-so-secret affair with a girl.
When he was eighteen or so, James started going out with Anne who was good-looking in her own way but since my brother is really handsome -- he used to be a model -- she wasn't the perfect match. During their affair, they used to write letters to each other and I used to secretly read them. James's letters weren't that explicit, which was surprising, but Anne's were, very much.
She used to describe everything in detail: how he kissed her, how he held her, how her nipples became hard when he touched her breasts, how much she enjoyed touching his cock, and what she felt when he forced her to suck his balls. Initially, I used to get embarrassed but slowly started enjoying them. Of course, he didn't know that I was reading them.
As I read more, and as the details grew more explicit, I too started to feel an urge all over my body. By that time, I knew I had a beautiful face, with big dark eyes and full red lips, complemented by a pretty big pair of breasts and well-developed thighs.
By the time I turned eighteen, I had not only learned that James loved feeling and sucking Anne's breasts but also the positions he enjoyed (her riding him was his favorite). After reading the details of their love-making sessions, I started to look at him differently.
Sometimes I would give him an I-know-what-you-have-been-up-to look, sometime I would laugh on seeing him and sometimes my eyes would wander off to his cock hiding under jeans. All this left him pretty confused. During that time I was pretty close to a cousin of mine who was older than me and experienced in these matters.
Initially, I wanted to tell her about James's affair but then changed my mind and decided that it would be only my secret. But my cousin did talk about her experiences and she was the one who told me how things happen, what are the sensitive points and what guys enjoy the most.
She told me everything in such a way that sex began to sound exciting and beautiful. It was then I realized that I had a sensual body, a gift that was waiting to be opened, to be explored and experienced. But fate had something else stored for me.
Although I was making a name for myself in the cut-throat world of radio programming, I fell in love with the wrong man at nineteen and married him within a week of meeting him. On our first night, I was expecting long sensual kisses, tight passionate hugs and to slowly make love, but it turned out to be anything but that.
All Harry did was take my clothes off, spread my legs, and shove his thing in as hard as he could, and within seconds he came and rolled off me as I lay there. To say that I was disgusted is putting it mildly but then I thought maybe things would improve, but he never tried to learn or improve.
Then I got pregnant and gave birth to Dan and with that our love life, or whatever it was, became more infrequent and boring.
To somehow keep myself sane, I started spending hours chatting online with James and old friends. I knew chatting with them was not going to help, especially when I was in no mood to share my misery with any of them, but it was just an attempt to keep my thoughts occupied. During these chat sessions, James and a couple of my friends did guess that I was unhappy but since I refused to admit or reveal anything they decided not to mention it and tried to cheer me up by telling all kinds of stories and incidents.
My brother, with whom I was always close and whose intimate letters I had read years ago, took the lead and started telling me funny stories from his school and college days and some of them really cracked me up. Then we moved on to more personal stories, after all, there is a limit to school and college talk, and we started discussing his numerous crushes and flirting.
Slowly he started to open up, which I think he did just to keep my mind wandering off to my pathetic life, and we started talking about girls and boys and his then-girlfriend and now wife.
One day while chatting I told him I had again started going to the gym.
"You've always had a good body."
I smiled and thanked him for the compliment.
We continued talking about other things and a couple of days later he said I was looking beautiful, which caught me off guard because he had never complimented on my clothes.
I replied that I wasn't wearing anything special: Just a white T-shirt (although it was a bit tight, so was revealing the roundness of my big breasts).
"Well, you're looking lovely."
I didn't attach any other meaning to his remark and continued talking to him. That day later in the night he text messaged me and asked whether I could come online and since Harry and Dan were sleeping, I replied yes and sat down to chat with him.
As soon as I sat down in front of the webcam, he asked me to put on that T-shirt again.
"Why?" I said, surprised at his request.
"Because you look more beautiful in that than in this nightgown."
I wasn't in the mood to change but he insisted so much that I finally relented and went back to the bedroom and changed into that T-shirt and shorts.
As soon as he saw me, he smiled and thanked me.
We started chatting and I asked him why wasn't he with his wife Anne instead of chatting with me.
"You're a much better company, Candice."
"I'll tell her that tomorrow," I replied, jokingly.
We continued talking about this and that when suddenly in the middle of the conversation he asked me to stand up.
"Why?"
"Because I haven't seen you for a while and want to see how much weight you've gained."
I wasn't in a mood to obey that request, so told him to shut up and keep chatting, at which he made a face and started talking again but kept asking me to stand up -- a request I ignored.
Some days later we were again talking and he asked me how the gym was going.
"I'm going every day, but my body's still not that toned up."
"You're much more beautiful than most women, especially Anne."
"She's beautiful."
"She looks lovely because she does all sorts of things, which is why she looks good."
I asked him what kind of things.
"You know, lots of make-up, all sorts of therapies, exercises, padding, etc."
Now, I never thought she padded her bra or that my brother would ever say that, and I should have ended the conversation there but was intrigued, so said: "No, she's all natural; I don't think she pads."
"She does, always has."
"She should be proud of what she has and you should tell her that she looks lovely without so much make-up or padding," I added.
"I want to say something, but don't get angry?"
"OK, tell me."
"I like them big, like yours."
"Shut up," I said, smiling at my younger brother's confession.
We continued talking about our lives and then the conversation turned to family and cousins and without thinking I blurted out that our cousin used to give me tips on how things are done and as soon as he heard this he got interested.
He started asking me all the details.
"Well, she was experienced, so she used to tell me a lot."
"Yes, she's one heck of a girl. She once took off her top and asked me to touch her."
"No, she didn't," I reacted in surprise.
"Yes, she did."
"What did you do?" I asked.
"What do you think?"
His frankness got me interested, so asked him if he had seen anybody else in the family.
"I won't tell you, Candice."
This made me more curious, so began pleading with him.
"OK, I'll tell you but only if you stand up and let me see how toned you are."
In all honesty, I didn't want to give him a full view but curiosity got the better of me, so stood up in front of the webcam and let him see my T-shirt and shorts. Not satisfied with that he asked me to turn around, so turned and twisted for a couple of minutes and then came back and sat down while he continued praising how good I was looking and that gym was working perfectly for me.
While he was busy praising me, I pleaded with him again to tell me who he saw.
In reply, he just typed a single word. When I saw that word on the screen I was rather taken aback because Mom always dressed conservatively and kept her breasts, which were big, always hidden.
So when he said he saw hers, I was really surprised. I asked him how he saw them but he quickly changed the topic and didn't tell me even though I asked him several times.
The next night he messaged me again and within seconds I was online.
This time I wanted to keep the chat decent but he was in a different mood. He started telling me that some days back he had gone shopping with Anne and saw a beautiful low-cut halter top and wanted to buy it but didn't because it wouldn't have looked good on her.
"Why not?"
"She doesn't have the figure for it."
"You should've bought it; maybe it would have looked good," I said.
"It was a lovely top but I know it won't look good on her," he remarked.
"OK, if it's so lovely buy it, I'll wear it," I commented.
"I'll buy it if you'll wear it," he said.
"I will," I added.
He then started talking about Anne, that she was too dominating and that he wasn't really happy with her.
"My life's more or less like yours. He hardly ever shows any affection or understands my feelings," I said.
"Doesn't he love you, Candice?"
"Yes, he does and he's a nice man, but he's not affectionate and there's no emotional attachment."
"What do you mean? Do you guys still do it or not?"
"I've never done it; he does whenever he wants," I confessed.
As soon as I said it I regretted it because James immediately got sad.
"Has it been this way from the start?" he asked after keeping quiet for a few minutes.
"Right from day one but now I'm used to it. Besides, I've tried everything and it hasn't made any difference."
James was now both sad and angry, which made me feel sorry, so to lighten up the mood I said: "Tell me how you saw Mom's?"
"She was changing her clothes and I accidentally saw them from the window," he replied as his cheek turned pink.
"Well, accidentally or not, I'm sure she made your day," I added, bringing a smile to his face.
As it was getting late he said he would talk to me soon and tomorrow he would go buy that top for me but have to promise him that I'd wear that top only and nothing else inside it.
"Yeah, I won't wear anything under it," I promised although I didn't know whether he was being serious or joking.
The next day he messaged me that he wouldn't be able to come online as he was stuck at work and since I had stopped chatting with others I also didn't go online.
I was helping my eighteen-year-old son Dan with some work in the afternoon when a guy delivered a package that had the most exquisite halter top I had ever worn - its fabric, the work, the light pink color - everything about it was simply beautiful. I quickly took off my T-shirt and wore it over a black bra. Since it had a low cut, it was giving my breasts a sensual look, especially the way it was exposing my cleavage.
As soon as I wore it, I called him and thanked him for the beautiful gift. He said he was happy because it had made me happy and would see it tonight. I didn't take it off until it was time for Harry to arrive. As hours went by I grew impatient for him to come online and finally at night he messaged me. I ran to the bathroom and quickly wore that top and a scarf over it to hide the cleavage.
"What's that?" he asked when he saw me.
"The top you bought for me."
"What's over it?"
"A scarf because the top has a deep neck."
"I'd bought it because it would look good on you and now you're spoiling it by wearing a scarf."
"What do you want me to do?"
"You had promised that you wouldn't wear anything else, Candice."
Seeing the trouble he had gone through and the face he was making, I relented and hiding from his view, took off the scarf and came back in front of the webcam in just the top. Now his face lit up and a big smile crossed his face. I knew that not only my cleavage was visible but also a good part of my breasts.
Just as I sat down he asked me to adjust the cam because he wanted to see the top, so I changed its angle and now all he was seeing was half of my breasts fully exposed on the cam.
I know I shouldn't have agreed to expose my boobs to him like that but have been dying for attention for years and his excitement left no room for any decency or morality. I saw him admiring my breasts and the blue veins running under the soft skin and I don't know what came over me but suddenly I arched my back making my voluptuous breasts pop out more from the top.
"I wish Anne was like you," he blurted out taking a deep breath.
"Why, what would you've done if she were like me?" I enquired as my lips curled into a smile.
"Everything."
As I was getting more and more into the mood, I asked him what he liked best about me.
"Do you mean physically?"
"Yes."
"Guess."
"I don't know, you tell me," I said.
"I like everything about you, especially your eyes and..." he replied, slowly moving his eyes over my near-naked breasts.
"And what?"
"You know..."
"Yes, I like my eyes too, but I don't think my - you know what - are that good."
"Are you crazy? They're great," he said, looking surprised at my response.
"What's great about them? Be specific."
"They're big, they're round and you probably have the best cleavage I've ever seen."
"OK," I replied acting as if whatever he had just said was normal.
"No, don't say OK, they're great and any guy would be proud of them."
"Harry isn't and I don't think you are."
"Your husband's stupid, but I'm really proud of them, believe me, Candice."
"Thank you. By the way, I'm proud of what you have."
"What do you mean?" he asked clearly confused by my statement.
"I read the letters you and Anne wrote to each other and let me just say that big size runs in our family."
Hearing that, he froze for a minute or so and then burst out laughing.
"Did you read everything?"
"Yes, each and every detail."
"You shouldn't have read them, they were personal and too intimate and all that."
I started to laugh and thought to myself that here I was sitting with my breasts exposed to my own brother and he was complaining about his intimate letters. But he was getting angry, so stopped laughing and instead apologized for reading them, but he wasn't interested, so apologized again but he was having none of it - and it went on for a couple of minutes.
After much pleading, he calmed down a bit and said as a punishment I would have to wear the same clothes I was wearing right now on Friday.
"Why? Are you coming on Friday?"
"Don't ask questions. Just do what I'm telling and, no, I'm not coming."
I knew Harry wouldn't be home on Friday but Dan would be and I wasn't comfortable walking around the house in front of him with my breasts exposed and what if somebody dropped in? But he was adamant that I needed to be punished for my indiscretion, so after arguing with him for around ten minutes I relented and agreed to his demand.
Satisfied that he had got his way, he asked me to arch my back again and as I had no energy left to fight with him, I arched it, pushing and exposing my breasts more in the process, and allowed his eyes to feast on them.
Convinced that he had had a good look at them, he asked me to stand up and then he saw me from up and down, starting from my face, down to my neck, shoulder, cleavage, my stomach, and then my thighs and legs. I knew just like other men he would now go and masturbate and just to make it easy for him, I turned around and allowed him to have a good look at my ass, too. After making sure that he had seen whatever he wanted to see, I said goodbye and went to change my clothes and back to bed.
On Friday morning the first thought that came into my mind was that I had to wear the dress he had asked me and that made me nervous because not only my eighteen-year-old son was at home but also there was a possibility of somebody dropping in and seeing me dressed like that.
After making breakfast for Harry and seeing him to the office, I went back to bed and lay there for twenty minutes thinking nothing else but whether I should obey my brother's order or not.
When even twenty minutes of racking my brain didn't work, I went to take a shower and as soon as I came out of the bathroom I took out the same skirt, the same top, and wore them. Although I wanted to wear that scarf over my top but then that would mean disobeying and cheating him so decided to dump the scarf and went out of my room with my near-naked breasts clearly visible.
When my son came out of his room, it took him a good few minutes to take in the sight of his own mom standing in front of him in clothes that were exposing her curvaceous body.
"Mom, what are you wearing?" he asked, slowly coming near me.
"Nothing," I replied, winking at him.
Dan didn't even blink at my answer and continued to stare at my well-rounded breasts.
In an effort to distract him and also to hide my nervousness, I started preparing his breakfast but nothing seemed to help, it was as if his eyes were fixated on my body.
Even during breakfast, he was more interested in my cleavage, the roundness of my breasts, and the nipples struggling to hide under my blue bra than in omelets.
"It's OK to look at a woman because we don't mind when somebody looks at us but don't stare because that's not nice," I told him after taking his hand in my hand and making him sit on the couch.
On hearing this Dan lowered his eyes and began looking at the floor, so I gently moved my hands to his face and brought his head up.
"Women don't mind when somebody looks at them, so don't lower your eyes and look up."
He slowly brought his eyes up and began looking at me.
As he was sitting on the couch and I had bent my body forward to put my hands on his shoulders, my breasts were now inches away from his face and I was aware that I was providing him an excellent view of my breasts, with just my nipples hiding from his gaze.
After letting him have a good look, I went back to household chores and he too accepted the near-nakedness of my body.
By late afternoon, I was not only feeling more comfortable but was also a little aroused by my new look, and Dan, apart from stealing glances at my thighs and breasts, had finally stopped staring.
Both of us were sitting in the living room watching TV when the doorbell rang and from the voices I heard when Dan went to open the door I knew that the unannounced guests were my parents. As soon as I realized that, I ran to get my scarf but changed my mind halfway and decided to face them with my chest out, literally.
The second Mom saw me standing in the middle of the room revealing the soft and smooth skin of my thighs in a skirt that was exposing more than hiding and a top that was not only clearly displaying two pairs of well-developed breasts but also the shape of the nipples, she just froze and stared at me in disbelief. Dad, on the other hand, didn't even give a second glance and got busy with TV.
Meanwhile, Dan tried his best to get Granny's attention, but her mind was busy trying to digest the near-nakedness of my body. Finally, she gathered enough strength and asked why I was dressed like that, but instead of answering her I went to the couch and curled up next to Dad. I knew she was going to raise the issue again but Dan's pestering kept her so busy that she didn't get a chance and was forced to move on to other subjects.
She told me that my brother had called them and had asked them to visit me today because I wasn't feeling well. On hearing this I somehow managed to keep a serious face but my mind was working overtime to try and understand why he would ask them to see me on a day he knew I would be dressed inappropriately.
Was it to check on me or there was some other motive? And suddenly it dawned on me that he wanted to test me on how I would behave in front of my own dad and mom. The minute I realized that I knew I couldn't let him down. Although it wasn't easy and required a lot of tact and subtlety, but got down to working my charm on my dad, while at the same time not letting Mom guess my intention. I took advantage of each and every opportunity to show as much skin as possible to my father.
I went and sat right in front of Dad with my skirt riding up all the way to my black panties. At first, he tried to avoid looking at the near-nakedness of his daughter but the display started to become more risqué, and slowly he crumbled. The sight of him sitting a foot away and looking at my exposed thighs and tushy sent a shot of adrenaline running through my whole body and I decided to take it a step further.
I found all kinds of excuses, such as pouring coffee in his cup or bending down to pick something up from the carpet, to offer him a clear and close look at my cleavage, the roundness of my breasts, the blue veins disappearing into the top and the nipples struggling to remain hidden under the sheer fabric.
To make sure that he got a good look at all my assets in all their glory, I did everything slowly and sensually. While pouring coffee into his cup, my nearly-naked breasts were inches away from his face and while I slowly filled his cup with coffee and milk his eyes feasted on my ripe cups.
Although both of them kept talking as naturally as possible, within two hours they had seen more of my body than they could have ever imagined and I knew that as soon as Dad got home he would either make my mom happy or his hands tired. They left before my husband came back from the office and I changed my clothes to more appropriate ones.
After changing, I lay down on the bed, closed my eyes, and felt really happy that I had not only done what my brother had asked me to do but had also taken up the challenge he had thrown at me. I was beginning to see him in a different light, but more importantly, I was starting to see myself in a different light.
Later in the night, he came online and I was waiting for him wearing that top and the skirt. He looked at my face and my smile told him everything.
The first question he asked was how did Dad take it?
"He'd have made Mom happy tonight," I calmly replied.
Without showing any reaction, he asked me what Dad liked best.
"The same thing you like."
"The old bastard already enjoys Mom's big pair and now he wants yours, too."
"Well, having one more pair to enjoy won't hurt him," I said smiling.
My brother nodded in agreement and asked me how the day started.
"I was nervous in the morning and when Dan saw me dressed like that, it made me more nervous."
"What did he say?"
"He didn't say anything, but was surprised to see me like that but he was OK later."
"Did Harry see you?"
"No, I changed into other clothes before he came home."
"Stand up. Lemme see."
So, I just stood there in front of him, with my big breasts on display, my stomach completely exposed and the skirt revealing my naked thighs. I stood there like that for a couple of minutes, while he enjoyed the view.
"What was Mom's reaction?"
"She wasn't happy."
"I want you to do something."
"What?"
"Bring a glass of water."
"Why?"
"Just bring it."
So I got up and brought a glass of water.
"Now take the glass and pour the water on your top."
"What?" I asked surprised at his order.
"Yes, do it."
To be honest, I found the idea odd but began pouring it just where the cleavage started and soon the whole front part of the top became wet and transparent.
"Now put your hands on your hips and arch your back and remain like that for some minutes."
Without saying a word or feeling even a little bit ashamed, I obeyed him and stood there in front of him with my shoulders, neck, breasts, nipples, and stomach for him to enjoy. He fixed his eyes on my wet body and I saw his right hand move up and down and understood what he was doing but didn't say anything and silently watched as he masturbated watching his semi-nude sister. After satisfying himself, he went to bed and I went to change.
The next morning after Harry had left for office and Dan for school, I took out an old black T-shirt and a green sarong that I had last worn years ago. Then taking a scissor, gave the T-shirt a deep neckline.
After taking a shower I came out wearing a dark red bra, that black T-shirt, whose neckline was now so deep that not only a good amount of my breasts was clearly visible but even my stomach, and the mini sarong, which was hiding just my bottoms and red panties.
I had a good look at myself in the mirror and then went and lay down on the carpet in the living room. Later in the afternoon my son came back from school and froze when he saw me dressed like that and came back to reality only when I told him that lunch was ready.
Dan sheepishly lowered his gaze and went to the kitchen to have his food. While he was busy with his lunch I thought why not take some photos and show them to my brother when he comes online. So, took out the camera and started clicking my son, which was just a ruse to get him interested in taking my photos. After snapping him from five or six different angles, I finally convinced him to take mine.
I wanted the photos to make my brother feel 'good', so sat down on the couch in a very prim and proper way, only my boobs were exposed due to the plunging neckline. For the next shot, I went and lay down on the carpet on my stomach and placed both palms under my chin, giving not only a good view of my cleavage but also of my ass and legs.
For the third photograph, I decided to lay down on the carpet in a reclining position, with my palms outstretched behind me, and as the sarong was revealing my left leg right up to my panty line, I brought the leg up a little to completely expose my thigh and my left ass cheek.
When Dan saw me posing like that, with my chest out and my thigh and tushy stretched out naked on the carpet, he just stood there confused until I told him to stop wasting time.
After making sure that half of my breasts and all of my left thighs and ass were clearly and beautifully captured by my son, I asked him to take a close-up of me, with just my face and boobs in the frame.
During one of the web chats, my brother had enjoyed the sight of my bare shoulders, so for the last shot, I went to my room, took off my T-shirt and the sarong, and came out to the living room with just a towel around my body.
I went and lay down on my side on the couch and asked him to take a photograph of me in that pose and since by now he was pretty comfortable with my nudity, he did not look shocked when he saw that I was lying on the couch with my neck, shoulders, arms, thighs all bare naked or that my towel was struggling to hide my nipples.
Just to make sure that this one came right, he took two or three photos of me in that pose.
Once satisfied with the result, I said "Let's take one of us together", so Dan came and lay down behind me on the couch, placing his face on my cheek and his eyes barely inches away from my breasts, and I took his left hand and placed it on my boobs, with his palm touching my naked cleavage, and his legs rubbing against my bare thighs and his groin pushing against the towel covering my tushy.
I wanted us to remain in that position forever but it was getting late so we wrapped up the photo session and returned to the chores.
I was looking forward to showing James all the photos, apart from the one where I was with Dan, but later he text messaged me to tell me that tonight he wouldn't be able to come as he had some work. I felt sad and angry at him but there was nothing I could do about it. The next afternoon I was feeling lonely and missing my brother but he was busy in the office, so rang my parents to talk to them.
It was Dad who picked up the phone and we started talking about family stuff when without even thinking I blurted out that I was missing him and Mom. He replied that they missed me too adding that he would see me at my house within half an hour. Stupidly, I asked him whether Mom would come, too. He told me that he would come alone.
I don't know what came over me; maybe it was loneliness or horniness, but as soon as I heard that Dad was coming and that too alone I felt strange excitement and anticipation and also the realization that I didn't have much time to prepare myself for him.
I quickly took off all my clothes, took a shower, and decided to wear that black T-shirt I had worn during the photo session and sarong but didn't bother putting on a bra. After make-up, perfume, and several visits to the mirror, I sat down and waited for him to come and see his daughter in her full glory.
Finally, I saw him approach the door, and just before opening it, took a deep breath and invited him inside as calmly as I could. He walked ahead of me, sat down, and asked me to bring a glass of water. While he was drinking water, I sat down opposite him, with my breasts, thighs, and ass on full display.
"You're looking beautiful," he commented as his eyes admired the view.
"Really?" I asked in mock surprise.
"Yes. Although I'm not sure your mom will approve of this look."
"I guess she didn't like the clothes I was wearing that day, either," I said, lowering my eyes to my fully exposed cleavage in an effort to draw his attention.
Taking my cue, he moved his eyes towards my breasts and nipples, whose shape was clearly visible under the T-shirt, and nodded his head in agreement.
"Did you like them?" I asked emboldened by his effort to have a look at my body.
"Yes, of course," he replied, looking up from my cleavage.
I knew it was time to take it to the next step, so giving him a broad smile, went near him and curled up next to him. Placing his arms around my back, he rested his hand on my naked thigh while I placed my head on his shoulder, providing him with a good view of my boobs.
He started talking about his job and other stuff, but I turned the conversation back to important stuff.
I asked him why Mom always dresses so prudishly.
"Well, you know your mother; she's shy and conscious of herself, so she tries to hide herself under those clothes."
"But she's a beautiful woman and should feel confident in any clothes."
"I've told her that many times, but she doesn't listen."
I knew he was having a good look at my boobs but I wanted to see him look at me so laid my head on his lap, a move that provided me an opportunity to enjoy the sight of my own father admiring the nearly naked breasts of his own daughter.
But that wasn't all. As I was shifting my head from his shoulder to his lap, he moved his hand in a subtle manner from my thighs to the inner part of my thighs, bringing his fingers close to my blue panties. Although both of us noticed his action and even understood its meaning, we acted as if it never happened, as if we were still playing the innocent game.
"Do you find any similarity between Mom and me?"
"Yes, you both are strong women."
"What else."
"Your sharp features are like hers," he replied, playfully touching my nose.
"And?"
He didn't answer and started thinking.
I was dying in anticipation and hoping that he would at least allude to my breasts barely inches away from his lips, or to my naked thighs, which he was lightly stroking.
But when he didn't say anything, I changed tack and asked him if he thought I was a beautiful woman.
"Of course, you're beautiful," he said, lightly tapping my thigh.
Are you saying it just to please me?"
"You're beautiful in every way," he replied, caressing my long brown hair with his other hand.
"I think you're a handsome man," I commented, lifting my head and kissing his cheeks.
"By the way, would Mom get a fit if she saw me in these clothes?"
"I never imagined you wearing these clothes," he said, slowly moving his thumb over my panties.
"I also never thought that I would, but then people do things they never thought they would," I answered, shifting my tushy a little, so that his fingers could rest over my pussy.
"Yes, they do. By the way, where did you get this T-shirt from?"
I looked down at my T-shirt, saw that apart from the nipples my whole breasts were on display, a sight I'd never forget, and replied that it was an old T-shirt that I had altered a bit.
"You did a pretty good job".
"Do you like it?"
"I definitely do," he said, looking at my erect nipples.
Turning my face, I moved my head on his lap and felt his cock under my cheek. He brought his other hand to my face and lightly pressed my cheek over his dick. I closed my eyes tightly because I wanted the memory of this to remain with me forever. Holding him tightly by his waist, felt his arm moving under my T-shirt from my stomach to my breasts and cupping them tightly.
Without opening my eyes, I turned my face and boobs toward him. Lifting my legs, he forced the sarong to open completely, totally revealing my panties, and in the same motion he lifted my T-shirt over my big breasts, fully exposing them and the pink nipples.
I was now aching for his kisses and his touch, but after what seemed like an eternity he didn't move; I opened my eyes and saw him looking at his own daughter lying naked on his lap with her hand rubbing her panties in ecstasy.
When he saw my dark black eyes, he knew I was pleading with him, my own dad, to fuck my brains out there and then. He slowly lifted my naked body and took me to the bedroom, where he laid me down on the bed and slowly took off my T-shirt.
Then he went to the end of the bed, parted my legs, and then taking off all his clothes he stood there watching the pussy of his own daughter. He slowly started kissing and licking my toes and feet, sending a sensation so strong that it forced me to arch my whole back. Then he began using his tongue and mouth on my toes and legs in such a way that my whole body was now shaking and beads of sweat were forming on my forehead.
Slowly he brought his tongue from my toes to my legs to behind my knees and then to my weakest spot, my thighs. By now the pain was unbearable and I dug my fingers into his back to make him stop but he remained unfazed and cupped my breasts with his hands and brought his tongue near my wet pussy.
While his fingers were working their magic on my nipples and my fingers were digging deep into his back, his tongue was tasting the wetness of my pussy. During all the years of my marriage, my husband had only used my vagina to get the load off his cock, but now a tongue was doing what his cock had never done, and what was making it special was that it was my own dad.
The magic of his tongue inside me made me cum not once but twice and that was just the start. He kissed each and every part of my body, he touched my whole body in the most beautiful manner, he bit me wherever I wanted him to, he caressed me as long as I wanted him to and he did it all with love, affection and most of all with pride.
While I was a little apprehensive about my own dad putting his cock inside my vagina, he handled it like a lover should: without any shame or guilt. The sensation, the feeling of taking my own dad's cock deep into my pussy cannot be described; it has to be experienced to be really appreciated. During the whole love-making session, neither of us had uttered even a word, if you discount my moaning, but finally, Dad spoke asking me whether he should come outside.
I nodded my head in negative and he came inside his own daughter's pussy. And instead of rolling off, Dad not only continued to kiss me after coming but also allowed his cock to remain inside my pussy for a couple of minutes. After making sure that I was fully content, he lay down next to me and we enjoyed our cigarettes in complete silence.
"Thank you, Dad. I needed that," I whispered when he got up to put on his clothes.
That night I messaged James that I was tired so I won't be able to come online. As expected, I spent the whole night thinking about Dad and our session. The next day neither Dad nor I called each other because both of us knew that we didn't need any affirmation or assurance. I kept myself busy the whole day with household chores and grocery shopping and the next day was a Sunday so was spent pampering Harry.
Monday would have turned into another boring day but Dan saved it. I was in the kitchen making coffee when suddenly he came from behind and gave me a tight hug, putting his arms around my stomach. Initially, I was puzzled because he hardly ever hugged me, and then dismissed it as a spur-of-the-moment act and got back to my coffee.
Later I was ironing his clothes when he again came from behind but this time instead of putting his hands on my stomach, he placed them firmly over my shirt and over my breasts and gave me a tight hug. This action came as a surprise and it took me some to get out of the situation, which meant that he had enough time to feel my breasts. But he did not stop there.
At night, I was watching TV in the living room, Harry was sleeping, when he came and sat down close to me on the carpet.
For the first five minutes or so, he just sat there watching TV, but then he started to untie the top string of my nightgown; I didn't pay much attention to it because I thought he was just fooling around. After untying the top string and flicking it open with his fingers, he put his head on my left breast and started untying the second string but instead of stopping him I told myself that he was just playing with the string, nothing else.
With the second string untied he proceeded to do the same with the last one and opened it without any resistance from my side. Sensing no reaction, he calmly flicked open a good part of my gown, clearly exposing my cleavage and even the green bra. At this point I wanted to stop him but then remembered that I had once told him there was nothing wrong in looking so now I couldn't stop him from looking.
Without even glancing at me, he put his hand inside my gown and started playing with my bra, with the back of his thumb rubbing against my breasts as calmly as he had put his hand inside the gown, he now placed it over the bra, fully cupping my boobs. A part of me wanted to rein him in but I said nothing.
For the next fifteen or twenty minutes he kept his face near my right breast while running his hand all over my bra, including my nipples and cleavage. Not satisfied with that, he asked me to stay with him until he goes to sleep, so accompanied him to his room and to his bed where he again placed his face near my boobs, and since the strings of the gown were already open he had no trouble cupping my breasts.
We stayed like this for more than thirty minutes and by the end of it, he had opened the gown so much that my whole bra was exposed and his hands were having a free rein over the green bra, including the clearly visible nipples. He wanted to keep feeling and touching me, but told him that I was feeling sleepy, so crept back to my husband's side and tied back the loose ends.
The next morning, I called Dad and asked him if he could come with me to the shopping mall. He agreed, so we went to the mall where I told him that I needed his help with selecting some clothes, a job he happily accepted.
We went to a couple of stores and through dozens of panties, bras, and dresses and whenever he found something interesting, I would go to him and whisper, "Daddy wants to see his girl in that?" A question both of us found naughty and exciting.
After hours of shopping, he selected two thongs, a transparent orange blouse, a cupless lace bra with matching G-string, a garter belt, and a low-cut top.
His only request was that he wanted to see me in them as soon as we reached home but since it was time for Dan to come back from school I promised him that I'd wear them tomorrow.
Usually, when my son comes back from school he makes a mess of the house, so today I told him that if he behaved himself I would treat him to something, an incentive that worked.
All late afternoon he stayed under control and most importantly kept his room clean, so called him to my room and told him that I've bought a few dresses and would like to see if he likes them or not. I made him sit on the bed and slowly took off my jeans, an act that sent a thrill through my whole body, and revealed my thighs and black thong. Standing up straight, I gave him time to have a good look at my legs, my thighs, and the thong that I had bought with my dad. Then unbuttoning my shirt, I stood there in nothing but a thong and a transparent orange blouse, under which my big breasts and pink nipples were naked.
The sight of his mother standing right in front of him in nothing but a transparent blouse and a thong was driving him nuts so he took a deep breath, cleared his throat, and was about to say something when I turned around and started walking toward a chair, while making sure that he was getting a good look at my ass.
Sitting down on a chair in front of a mirror, asked him whether I was looking good. He stared at my nipples and breasts in the mirror but somehow managed to say yes. I looked at his flushed face, smiled and slowly moved my hands under my boobs pushed them up a little bit, making my nipples more prominent.
I could see that his eyes were fixed on my nipples, so without looking at him I asked him to come and give Mommy a kiss. He hesitated for a bit and then placing his chin on my shoulder, rubbed his cheek with mine, while I took his hands and placed them on my blouse over my breasts and we stayed like that watching each other in the mirror.
Before dressing up for him, I had spent more than half an hour over whether to wear the transparent blouse in front of him or not, and now I was struggling with whether to take it further or not. Unable to decide, I moved my hands away from his hands, letting him play with my boobs and watch the naked body of his own mom. I remained dressed like that until evening and he felt me and touched me as much as he wanted.
At night my brother finally came online and asked me to open a webcam and then asked me why I was wearing a scarf.
"Because I'm wearing something I don't want you to see."
"Why not?" he asked.
"I'm angry at you for not talking to me for so many days."
"Don't be angry. By the way, I loved the photos you emailed me a couple of days ago."
The mention of those photographs brought a smile to my face and I asked him which one did he like most.
"All are simply fantastic but the one where you're in the towel was the best."
"I knew you would like that."
"Who took the photos?"
I lied and told him Harry. The thought of my husband clicking those photos for the pleasure of my brother cracked both of us. We discussed the photos in all their details and how beautiful I was looking and how desperate he was to see everything.
I asked him whether he had put the photos to good use. Although it took him time to understand the question, he replied, "You wouldn't believe how many times I have used them."
He said he and Anne plan to stay with us during the weekend and that would give us ample time to talk. I knew what he meant by talk and the thought of us doing something with my husband and his wife present in the house was exciting, so I forced him to promise me that he would stay with us over the weekend.
I stayed online for a couple of more minutes and gave him time to masturbate while looking at my naked body under the transparent blouse. The next morning was the turn of Dad, who came to my house to see me in lingerie he had helped to select in the mall.
I took him to my bedroom and he sat down on the bed while I changed clothes right in front of him, first into a cupless bra and G-string and then into a thong. By the time I reached the transparent blouse, he had already taken his cock out and was stroking it, while watching his own daughter take off her clothes and expose her body to her own dad.
After looking at me in various outfits, he asked me to wear the transparent orange blouse without panties and gestured for me to go down on my knees and suck his cock, while he played with my boobs. I did as directed by him and sucked not only his cock and balls but also licked his hole, even deep inside it, which drove him crazy. Then he placed his hands on my shoulders, took me to bed, and began making love to my hungry body.
We had sex twice and each session was turning out to be better than the previous one. After the second session, we were having our post-coital cigarettes when I asked him whether Mom was better in bed or I.
He thought about it for a few minutes and replied it was difficult to decide because both of them were similar in so many ways.
"Yes, she also has a big pair, which I know you love."
"Yes, both of you're lucky in that department."
"You're luckier because now you have two pairs of big ones to play with. Were you Mom's first one?"
"Yes."
"So, how was the first night?"
He said it was OK because it wasn't his first time, so he knew what to do.
"Did she enjoy it?"
"Not much as she was too tight and it was painful for her."
The thought of Dad pushing his cock inside the tight pussy of my own mom was arousing and even my father felt that I was enjoying the details.
Until now I had avoided calling him dad during our lovemaking, but decided that it was time, so turned my face towards him, looked into his eyes, and said, "Dad, I want to be a better lover than Mom, so would you please teach me?"
"I will teach anything my little girl wants," he replied, bringing his face near me and kissing me passionately.
We stayed in bed naked until it was time for Dan to arrive, and we talked about everything, from whether he was still having sex with Mom (yes) to whether he fancied James's wife (no, but won't mind) to whether he had previously thought of me in a sexual way (he has been thinking and taking notice of my body since my teen years).
We talked and discussed everything openly, without any shame, and formed a bond that only a father and daughter can.
A little later Dan came back from school but had a couple of friends with him, so he didn't get a chance to play with me. But after dinner, he dragged me to his room and played with my body to his heart's content.
He sneaked his hand inside my nightgown and under the bra and rubbed and touched my breasts with his fingers, he especially loved pinching my nipples and ran his hands over my stomach, my thighs, my legs, and even my tushy but when he tried to put his finger inside my panties, I stopped him. That confused him a little but since he had the rest of my body to do whatever he wanted, he understood that the journey to my pussy could wait.
I lay there next to him on the bed for over an hour and by the time he was finished, my gown was lying on the floor while my bra was on the other side of the bed, with only panties hiding whatever shame I had left. I was so enjoying his touch, his curiosity, his innocent looks that I didn't even go online to take care of my brother's needs.
The next morning my dad called and said Mom had gone out with her friends, so if I wanted I could come to his house. The desire to make love to my own dad on my mom's bed was too strong so after saying yes I quickly changed into the thong he had selected and the green blouse but no bra and within minutes was over at his house. He was waiting for me and started kissing me even before I could enter the door and had undressed before we made it to Mom's room.
I had seen Mother's bed hundreds of times but lying there naked on it with Dad sucking my nipples was something special. He made love to me like he always did: slowly and passionately. But this time everything felt more pleasurable and arousing simply because he was fucking me, his own daughter, on the same bed, on the same sheet he had fucked my mom so many times.
When I told him that getting fucked by him on Mom's bed was arousing, he said it was exciting for him, too. I didn't stay there long because Mother was expected back soon but before I left I made him promise me that he would fuck my mom tonight on the same sheet he was now fucking her daughter. And Dad being Dad, he kept his promise though apparently, it wasn't as fun or exciting as fucking his own daughter.
The next day was a Friday and my brother and his wife were expected in the evening, so I got busy cleaning the house and preparing for their arrival, but that didn't stop my son from playing with me because by now he was so emboldened that he started to touch me, kiss me at every opportunity, whether his father was at home or not didn't seem to faze him.
His favorite tactic was to corner me and after making sure that I had nowhere to escape he would forcefully put his hand under my bra and pinch my nipples hard, or he would put his hand under my skirt and get a good feel of my ass, while I would just stand there helplessly whispering to him that his father was there.
At night, it was a different story because then I had total control over him and instead of rushing things I could gently guide him to my body and to places that were special, just like my dad was doing with me.
The next evening James and Anne arrived and although my brother was especially happy to see me we both managed to control ourselves, even though both of us were dying to tear into each other's clothes. After dinner, we all gathered around in the living room and talked about politics, jobs, etc. Since James and Anne were there Dan knew I won't be coming to his room later at night.
I woke up early in the morning, prepared breakfast for everyone, took a shower, and wore a purple thong, a halter top without a bra, and a mini sarong, which completely revealed my thighs and exposed the shape of my tushy. When my husband saw me dressed like that he started telling me that I can't go out like that, but I was in no mood to listen to him.
The first one to walk into the kitchen was Dan and even though I was dressed so seductively he didn't react and kept his distance, which turned out to be a lucky move because right behind him was Harry, who stormed into the kitchen and told me to change my clothes. But when he saw that I wasn't paying any attention to him, he stormed back into his room to sulk.
Little later James and Anne came and when she saw me with more than half of my breasts naked and thighs and ass on full display, it took her more than a minute to take in the view. Anne didn't say anything immediately but after breakfast, she tactfully took me to the guest room and said, "Your new look took me by surprise."
I gave her a smile and sat down on the table cross-legged, with my left leg fully exposed; I tried to convince her to be less self-conscious and to be more confident. I don't know how successful I was in trying to convince her but at least she stopped preaching. After a couple of hours of sulking, my husband accepted the situation and we all decided to go mall after lunch.
I knew that since morning both my son and my brother were itching to touch me and in the car, both tried to sit next to me but I made sure that my sister-in-law sat in the middle simply because it was too risky to sit with either of them.
In the mall, I told them that I had to buy some clothes so dragged Anne with me and went to a store where I searched for clothes that not only had maximum ability to show skin but some class, too. Luckily, found something that was revealing more than hiding.
So, took her to the dressing room and begged her to try them and after much cajoling and pleading, she finally selected a backless blue gown that was accentuating her breasts and back perfectly, and a tank top that was revealing her shoulders and the shape of her boobs.
For myself, I chose a brown strapless blouse, which did good justice to my cleavage, and a skirt that covered just my bottoms and nothing else. And although she wanted to pay for her clothes, I didn't let her and we joined the guys at a restaurant.
Later in the evening, I decided to cook dinner for them. I wanted Anne to wear the blue gown at the dinner, but she didn't want to. After arguing with her for more than thirty minutes, she finally relented, something I regretted the moment she entered the room because she was looking gorgeous and all eyes turned toward her, even my brother's face lit up when he saw how beautiful her neck, her breasts, and her naked back were looking in that dress.
I had chosen to wear that strapless brown blouse with a skirt, but nobody seemed interested in my cleavage or my thighs, not even my son, who was busy looking at his aunt's body.
I finished eating as soon as I could and wanted them to finish their drinks as quickly as possible but they were huddled around my sister-in-law, who was enjoying their attention, and were in no hurry so I also joined their circle. But I knew one person was vulnerable to my anger, if not charm, so went to my son and told him to go to bed and when he started protesting, I dragged him to his bed and left him there screaming and shouting.
My husband and my brother continued to ogle at my sister-in-law for around an hour or so, but I came back to my room and went to bed. At around 11 at night, I got up, made sure that my husband was sleeping, and tiptoed to the roof where I had promised to meet my brother for a talk. He was already waiting for me and had also placed a mattress, so went and lay down next to him.
He started talking about how happy he was to see me but I cut him off in mid-sentence and turned the conversation to his wife, but after listening to him for ten or fifteen minutes, I realized that we shared a different kind of bond and that it would take a lot more than a dress to change his feelings. Convinced that she posed no threat to any of my relationships, I took my brother in my arms and made love to him under the bright light of the moon and stars.
Although my brother wasn't as passionate or as patient as my dad, he loved doing it in different positions, so within one session he fucked me in three different ways, plus he loved calling me sister, especially when I was sucking his cock or taking it deep inside my pussy. Since we didn't have much time and were taking a risk, we didn't stay there to smoke or talk and rushed back to our rooms. That night both of us slept content and satisfied.
All of us got up early in the morning because we wanted to go to a lake right after breakfast and since my brother and sister-in-law were leaving in the evening, we wanted to make the most of the day. I packed snacks for the trip, gathered all the towels, and all of us, apart from my husband who had some work so wasn't going, got into my car and drove off.
Once we got down there, the guys didn't wait for us to change or anything; they just took off their T-shirts and jeans and jumped right into the water. Fortunately, we were the only four people there, so privacy wasn't a concern.
I took out the brown thong my dad had selected and the halter top my brother had given me, and when my sister-in-law, who was wearing a yellow two-piece bikini, saw me in that she winked at me. We slowly walked to the lake and when my brother and my son saw us walking toward them in our itsy-bitsy thongs and bikinis they both stopped swimming and stood there admiring our bodies.
Both of us hit the water at the same time and swam towards them but when we came out of the water, my sister-in-law's yellow bikini had become transparent and her nipples were clearly visible, a sight that immediately caught the attention of my son, but she just laughed it off and stood there displaying her lovely breasts to all of us.
We swam for a little while and were standing in the water resting after a race when my brother came from behind and putting his arms around my waist hugged me tightly. Although he made it look all innocent, I was afraid that she might not like him throwing his arms around my body and pressing his cock against me, especially when I was in a halter top and thong, so extracted myself from his grip and challenged my son to a race in an effort to divert everybody's attention.
I won the race and after a couple of more lapses we all came out of the water and lay down on towels, with my sister-in-law lying next to me in her now transparent bikini, and my brother near my thighs, with his head resting on his wife's smooth well-toned stomach, and my son on the other side of my body, with his legs over my legs, his arm stretched across my stomach and his head on my shoulder, just near my breasts.
I raised my head a little; and saw their semi-naked bodies lying so close to mine and my thoughts drifted to my dad and how he would have loved watching us lying there with no shame, inhibition, or guilt.
I turned my body toward my sister-in-law, placed my hand across her breasts, and drifted off to a wonderful place, with my son's body pressed against my naked back and my brother's legs between my thighs.