I remember that day like it was yesterday. In fact, it actually may have been yesterday. I apologize; my sense of time has been a little out of whack lately. Regardless of when it happened, it was a day I'll never forget; that's for sure.
I recently celebrated my fiftieth birthday. Well, "celebrated" isn't entirely accurate, given the deep depression that came along with that milestone. I have been divorced for nearly five years, and I live alone in an apartment. I have a job that I hate, and I'm already counting the days until retirement. At first, I enjoyed the peace and quiet of solitary living, but after a while, I began to yearn for something - anything - to break up the monotony. I certainly found it.
I've always had a healthy sex drive, but it seemed as though it kicked into overdrive after the divorce. I can't really explain why. I was hoping my libido would fade with age, but it seems my penis isn't ready for retirement as much as the rest of me.
I certainly didn't miss my ex-wife on that fateful day, but I did miss the company of a woman. I tried the online dating scene for a while before quickly discovering what a depressing wasteland it is. I hadn't had sex since the divorce, and my desperate need for physical intimacy dominated all my other senses. It got to the point where I was actually considering paying for sex. Thankfully, my sense of pride got in the way, and I never actually went through with it.
I lived vicariously through others by reading stories online about men with exciting sex lives, and watching porn videos featuring enthusiastic wives and girlfriends pleasing their partners in ways that I could only imagine. In the course of my online searches, I discovered a site with classified ads from singles and couples looking to have casual sex. I never planned to answer any of those ads, but it was fun to look.
Then, on that fateful day, I came across an ad with a title that read: "Looking for a place to fuck. You can watch us."
The idea of watching two people have sex, live and in person, was incredibly thrilling. I had always been a bit of a voyeur, so I clicked on the ad. It read:


Aside from pornography - and my own experiences, of course - I had never seen two people having sex before. It had always been a huge fantasy of mine, and one that I had for as long as I could remember. Just the thought of it made me instantly aroused. I assumed this couple probably had received a huge response to their ad, and the odds that they would want a dirty old man like me watching them have sex were long, but I figured it was worth a shot. It's not like I had anything better to do on a Friday night.
I quickly typed out an e-mail to the couple, and gave them my best sales pitch. I figured the best approach would be to tell them why they should pick me over all the others who responded. I explained that I was a lonely, balding, out-of-shape old man who could use a thrill. I figured that would convey the message that I wasn't a threat. I told them I had plenty of money, and could splurge on one of the deluxe hotel rooms in Salisbury that had a Jacuzzi tub. And I mentioned that I'd be happy to bring a bottle of wine or whatever else they like to drink.
I gave them my cell phone number, fired off the e-mail, and waited. As soon as I hit the "send" button, I was overwhelmed with nervousness and panic. What if these two were con artists who would rob me at gunpoint as soon as they got me into the room? They could be serial killers for all I knew.
A couple hours passed, and I began to relax. Then my cell phone rang, and I nearly jumped out of my skin.
"Is this Walter?" the caller asked.
"It is," I said, hesitantly. "Who's this?"
"This is Derek. You answered our ad online."
A sharp pain gripped my chest, and it was suddenly difficult to breathe. I tried to ignore it and acted as casually as possible.
"Hey, Derek. How's it going?"
"Good," he responded. "I was just talking with my girl, Jasmine, and we might take you up on your offer."
"Great," I said. My heart beat so rapidly, I considered hanging up and calling for an ambulance instead.
"I just have a few questions for you," Derek continued. "Can you really get that room with the hot tub?"
I assured him I could.
"And you know you can't touch us. Either one of us. I'm not gay, and she's off-limits. You can only watch."
"Derek," I said, "I promise you, I'm a complete gentleman. I'm more than happy to just watch."
There was a long pause.
"Okay," Derek said. "Let's do this." My heart stopped. Or, at least, it felt like it.
"I have a question for you, too," I interjected. "Why do you want to do this?"
"Well," Derek said with a snort, "we both have roommates, so it's hard to find a place to...you know. Jasmine, she's a wild one, and she likes showing off. She wanted to do this. This was her idea, not mine, bro."
"Okay, fair enough," I said. I thought about adding "bro" to the end of that sentence, but figured it would sound ridiculous. "And one more question?"
"Shoot."
"Is she as hot as you say she is in your ad?"
There was a long pause. For a moment, I thought I had offended him by asking. Then I received a text message with a photo attached. It nearly took my breath away once more.
"I'll see you at nine o'clock," I said.
***
I waited for them in the hotel lobby, as we had arranged. I spotted her easily, as soon as she walked through the front door, twenty minutes late. She looked absolutely stunning, just as she appeared in her photo. Beautiful, dark eyes and a cute and youthful face framed by long, poker-straight, black hair. She had large, full lips and a devious expression. She appeared to be Asian, or maybe half-Asian.
It was the middle of the summer, and she wore tiny little shorts that hugged her tight little body. She had a petite frame, and it was clear by the tone of her legs that she worked out regularly. She wore a tight-fitting tee-shirt with a Red Sox logo on it. Her breasts were rather small in size, and her perky nipples seemed to respond to the cool air conditioning in the lobby.
I barely noticed that she was holding hands with her boyfriend. Derek was as fit and handsome as I assumed he would be. He looked like a body builder, with bulky muscles from head to toe. He wore a tee-shirt that was at least two sizes too small, and his arms were covered with black, tribal-looking tattoos. He towered over her in height, and his massive hand seemed to swallow hers whole. He displayed the cocky attitude of a handsome young man holding hands with the hottest girl in the building - and with good reason.
I rose from my chair and approached the two of them. I shook hands with Derek first, and then - with my hand still throbbing - politely shook Jasmine's hand as well. She gave me a bright and pretty smile, and my heart leapt in my chest. I was so nervous and light-headed, I felt as though I might pass out, but somehow I was able to compose myself, and directed them toward the elevator.
I purposefully allowed them to walk ahead of me so that I could get a long look at Jasmine's ass. My god, this girl was spectacular. I allowed my gaze to linger for a bit before dropping lower to admire her muscular calves, which were made tighter by the high-heeled sandals she wore. I couldn't believe that I would soon be seeing this gorgeous woman naked. It all seemed too good to be true.
I slid my key card through the slot, and Derek and Jasmine burst through the door. Jasmine went right to the window, which overlooked the parking lot. I don't know what type of view she expected to see. Derek made a bee-line toward the hot tub, and dipped his hand into the bubbling water.
"Not bad," he remarked with a cocky grin.
He snatched the remote from the table, turned on the TV, and flipped around until he found the pay-per-view porn channel.
"You mind?" he asked me. Hell, why not, I thought to myself. I'm already paying for your room and wine. I nodded, and he gave me a grunt and began playing a movie featuring lesbian action.
"Nice," he said to no one in particular.
He plopped himself down on the king-sized bed and wedged a few pillows behind his massive neck, while Jasmine continued to peer out the window. I had no idea what to do with myself, so I took a spot on the chair in the corner of the room.
"So, what's your story?" Jasmine suddenly asked me.
"Me?" I responded like an idiot. "I don't have much of a story. Divorced, living alone, two kids all grown up."
"What do you do for a living?" Derek asked without taking his eyes off the screen.
"Engineer," I responded.
"Seriously?" he said. "You drive a fucking train? Sweet, bro!"
Jesus, this kid was dumber than he looked. Rather than correct him, I figured I'd just let it go. I looked at Jasmine, and she smiled and shook her head. I surmised that she was the smart one in the relationship.
"How long have you two been together?" I asked.
"About a year," Jasmine answered. She was still standing, and swaying to the background music of the porno movie. I couldn't keep my eyes off her long, smooth, perfectly-toned legs.
"Do you two do this sort of thing often?" I asked.
"First time," Derek said. "What about you?"
"First time," I responded.
"Jasmine is a fucking adrenaline junky, bro," Derek continued. "She loves doing crazy shit, don't you baby?" Although he was addressing the two of us, he still hadn't taken his eyes off the screen, where a pair of beautiful naked women were licking each other in a "69" position. Without any sense of bashfulness whatsoever, he was freely and inconspicuously rubbing his cock through the fabric of his shorts.
Jasmine didn't seem shy, either, as she began rubbing her breasts while transfixed on the action on the screen. "I love danger," she said. "Rock-climbing, bungee-jumping, cliff-diving...you name it."
Oh, to be young again, I thought. To grab life by the balls and live every day to the fullest. If only I had a second chance...oh, who was I kidding? I would have lived a second life just as I lived my first. I am who I am. For one night, at least, it was more fun to live vicariously through these two. I was always more comfortable watching than doing.
"Baby, come over here and suck my dick," Derek said, suddenly. I felt a rush of adrenaline. They were really going to do this. They were really going to have sex, right there in front of me.
Without skipping a beat, she moved to the foot of the bed and yanked down his shorts and boxer briefs. Of course, in addition to being handsome and physically fit, this punk was hung like a horse. Life just isn't fair sometimes.
As big and thick as it was, Jasmine seemed to have no trouble stuffing his cock into her mouth. She teased him a bit by rolling her tongue around his huge mushroom head before she practically devoured it. She swallowed half his length, bobbed back up to the tip, and then went back down again. Each time, she took more and more of his length into her mouth, until finally the entire thing disappeared. It was like watching a snake devour another (much larger) snake on the nature channel.
I felt an urgent need to touch myself, but it seemed awkward to just whip it out and start jerking off in front of these two complete strangers. My fully-engorged cock strained against my pants, forcing me to adjust myself. Jasmine seemed to notice, as she stopped what she was doing and looked over to me.
"You can take it out, you know," she said. "I don't mind."
"Yeah, whatever," Derek said. "Just keep it over there, okay?"
I hesitated for a moment, debating what to do. Jasmine continued to look at me, and it seemed as though she was waiting for me before she continued. With some reluctance, I reached down and freed my cock from the opening in the zipper. Jasmine smiled beautifully, and then continued to work on her boyfriend.
I stroked myself while I watched. She was an absolute expert in the art of cocksucking. She could have easily made a good living as a porn star. She took that huge cock all the way to the back of her throat with such ease. She held the base of it with her dainty fingers, and rotated her hand in slow circles. I placed myself in Derek's position, and tried to imagine how wonderful it must have felt for him.
"Take your clothes off, baby," Derek said, interrupting my fantasy.
Jasmine removed him from her mouth with a slurping sound, and stood at the foot of the bed. She reached down and pulled her tee shirt over her head, revealing a lacy black bra. She flashed me a wicked grin and her eyes sparkled as she reached behind her. She unsnapped the clasp and let the bra fall in front of her. Her breasts were absolutely magnificent: small, but perky, with long, erect nipples that I would have given any amount of money to suckle.
She unsnapped the button on her tiny shorts and wriggled out of them, revealing silk panties that were purple and black. She lowered those as well, and I instantly noticed that she was completely shaved. She stood for a moment, still wearing the naughty grin, allowing me to soak in the view. I could tell she enjoyed having me look at her.
What struck me the most about her was her skin. It was olive-colored, and practically glowed. I couldn't spot a single blemish: not one pimple, not one freckle, not a scar nor wrinkle nor hair. It was as if she were made of porcelain. Then she turned to place her clothes on a chair, and I noticed a black-inked tattoo that covered her entire rib cage along her right side. It displayed a single acronym: "YOLO." Why on earth would she ruin such a flawless work of art with such dreadful graffiti?
I was so transfixed upon Jasmine's strip show that I hadn't noticed Derek had completely undressed as well. He now lay on the bed, and I saw that his torso was also covered with ugly tattoos. Why go through all of that work to build your body, only to cover it up with permanent ink? It didn't make sense to me.
Derek slid down the bed and gave Jasmine another order. It was amazing how she did whatever he asked. She moved on top of him in a "69" position, placing her pussy over his mouth while taking his cock back into hers. My god, what an ass she had. It was perfectly sized and shaped, and once again, I couldn't help but imagine myself in Derek's place. What I would give to touch that ass for even a second or two.
Jasmine began moaning as Derek went to work on her. She gyrated her hips over his head and swallowed his cock with added zeal. I had to slow the pace of my own stroking, as I could feel a surge building already. I made it my goal to time my orgasm with theirs, for no other reason than the challenge of it.
The two lovers continued to lick and suck each other, much like the lesbians on the flat screen television. I found the action on the bed far more riveting than the action on the screen. I was mesmerized by Jasmine's toned and petite little body, with her glowing skin and perfectly-shaped figure, writhing on top of Derek. Her soft moaning was muffled by the large cock she devoured with such expertise and enthusiasm.
Just when I began to think I wasn't going to last much longer, Derek gave Jasmine a slap on the ass. This must have been a signal, as she instantly spun around and mounted him. As she rode on top of him, she squeezed her breasts and emitted a soft moan with an almost child-like tone. She glanced toward me, and I could see the lust in her eyes.
"You like riding that big cock, don't you baby?" Derek asked.
"Mmm, yeah, daddy," Jasmine responded in a little girl voice. I've always found it off-putting when women refer to their lovers as "daddy" while they're getting fucked, but for some reason, it didn't bother me when Jasmine said it.
Derek grabbed her ass and squeezed it as she continued to ride up and down his pole, faster and faster. I could tell by the sound that she was extremely wet. My cock throbbed and pulsed in my hand. I was only seconds away from cumming, so I stopped and waited. Jasmine looked at me, and then my cock. She licked her lips, practically making me cum without touching me.
"I'm close, baby," Derek said. "Are you ready?"
"Yes, daddy," Jasmine said, looking straight at me. "Give it to me. Give me your hot cum!"
She bounced up and down in his lap at a furious pace, and I could see his hands gripping her with intensity, lifting her up and slamming her down.
"I'm gonna cum," he announced.
In a flash, Jasmine swiftly rose off of him and engulfed his cock with her mouth. Her head quickly bobbed over his shaft, and he grabbed a hold of her hair with both hands. He emitted a loud and sustained groan.
"Oh, fuuuuuuck!" he yelled. His muscles tensed and his face reddened. I quickly stroked my cock and felt an intense wave rise up the length my cock. Long strands of milky-white fluid spurted into the air, covering my dress shirt in several long streams.
Jasmine continued to bob her head up and down in Derek's lap until he finally began to relax.
"Fuck!" he said. "That was a big one!"
Jasmine sat up on knees and held out her hand. She slightly opened her mouth, and a large amount of cum spilled from her lips into her hand. I got the impression she was making a display of it for my benefit.
"No kidding!" she said. She looked at me, and then looked down at my cum-stained shirt. I instinctively covered my deflating dick with my hands. "It looks like you enjoyed the show," she said to me with a playful wink.
"I feel like I should applaud or something," I said. I could feel my cheeks redden with embarrassment.
She lowered her gaze to my shirt and licked her lips. I couldn't help but feel as though she were teasing me. I kind of liked it. As she turned and walked toward the bathroom, I couldn't help but stare at her rear end. Goddamn, it was perfect.
"Did you bring the wine?" Derek asked. I could tell by the look on his face that he caught me staring at his girlfriend's ass. It seemed to amuse him.
"Yeah, it's in the fridge," I said. He continued to look at me, and I got the message. I went to the fridge, grabbed one of the bottles I had purchased, and poured three glasses into plastic cups I had brought with me. Jasmine emerged from the bathroom, and I handed her two of the cups. She gave me a bright smile and thanked me in a cheerful voice.
"Let's bring these into the hot tub," she said as she passed the bed. Derek shrugged and rose from the bed with a groan.
Jasmine cooed softly as she gracefully lowered herself into the water. Derek roughly sank into the water next to her, splashing her face as he sat. Rather than get upset, she merely shook her head and smiled. She was apparently used to his boorish behavior.
"So, how did you two meet?" I asked. I wasn't really interested in the answer; I was simply looking for an excuse not to feel like such an awkward third wheel.
"She started working out at my gym," Derek explained, taking a huge gulp of wine. "She was wearing yoga pants. 'Nuff said?"
I nodded in fellow appreciation of mankind's greatest invention.
"He was such a smooth operator," Jasmine said. "He thought he'd get into those yoga pants in no time. But I made you work for it, didn't I, baby?"
"Yeah, whatever," he scoffed, emptying his cup.
I fetched the wine bottle and refilled their cups.
"You're really overdressed for the occasion, you know," Jasmine said to me.
I didn't know how to respond, so I stuttered something indecipherable. The last thing I wanted was to display my bloated old body in front of this goddess.
"Come on, Walter, take 'em off," she insisted. "It only seems fair."
I looked at Derek, who had already made a decent-sized dent in his second cup of wine. He gave me a look that I interpreted as, "Whatever, bro. Just keep your junk away from me."
With some hesitance, I undressed with my back turned to them. I didn't want to see Jasmine's expression when she saw my hideous figure for the first time. I tugged off my last sock, and stood in the center of the room, suddenly feeling very vulnerable.
"See? Don't you feel better now?" Jasmine said, slipping into her baby voice with ease.
I sat in my chair and occupied myself with my wine. After their show was over, I expected them to dress and leave. As awkward as I felt to be a fat and naked third wheel, I was glad they stayed. I enjoyed the fact that I wasn't stuck at home, alone, on a Friday night.
The three of us chatted for a while, polished off the first bottle of wine, and were nearing the bottom of the second bottle, when Derek suddenly hopped up out of the water and sat on the edge of the tub. His massive cock was fully erect, which indicated to me that Jasmine had been playing with it under the water for some time.
Without saying a word, Jasmine moved between his legs and put his cock in her mouth. He continued to sip from his wine cup as she bobbed her head in his lap, an expression of relaxed contentment on his face.
"She's an incredible cocksucker, bro," he said to me. "I mean, I've had my dick sucked by plenty of girls, but this girl has some skills like I've never seen before."
"She looks amazing," I agreed.
"Can you see okay?" he asked. He then directed Jasmine to move to the side of the tub, where I could get a better view. Although it was her idea to have sex in front of a stranger, it seemed that he had grown to embrace the concept. He seemed to enjoy showing her off.
"Yeah, that's good, baby," he growled. "Get me nice and hard so I can fuck the shit out of you again."
It wasn't exactly Shakespeare, but his words seemed to have an effect on her, as she moaned over his cock and picked up her pace. My own dick had returned to its full length as well, and I lightly caressed it as I admired Jasmine's display of her skills.
"Come on, baby," he said. "Let's go over to the bed."
They toweled off, and he practically tossed her onto the bed. He crawled on top of her, spread her legs wide, and inserted himself inside her. He pumped in and out of her like a piston, fast and hard. She squealed and moaned in a high-pitched voice, and called him "daddy" a few more times. After about ten minutes of good, hard fucking, he flipped her over like a rag doll and entered her from behind. She buried her face in a pillow, and he slammed into her again and again, grunting loudly with each thrust.
He seemed to have far more stamina the second time, as he lasted another ten minutes or so before he finally gave one obnoxiously loud groan and unloaded inside her. He held himself deep inside her for a long while, and then withdrew, causing a rivulet of semen to seep onto the mattress.
Without saying a word, he got up from the bed and stumbled to the bathroom. I quickly handed Jasmine a towel, and she placed it between her legs and flipped over onto her back. She lay for a moment with her eyes closed, breathing heavily. Then she turned and looked at me.
"You're still hard," she said, looking down at my swollen cock. "You didn't finish?"
"I'm usually a one-and-done kind of guy," I explained. "At least, I am these days. But I really enjoyed that. You two are amazing together."
"Thanks," she said with a sweet smile. Derek came back into the room and collapsed onto the bed.
"Got anymore wine?" he asked me. I shook my head.
"It's okay," Jasmine said. "I think we've had enough, anyway."
There was a long moment of awkward silence. I didn't know what to say or do, so I just sat there in my chair, allowing my eyes to feast on Jasmine's glorious figure for as long as she would allow it. I looked at the clock and noted that it was past one o'clock in the morning. I stifled a yawn. Then I heard the sound of snoring coming from Derek's side of the bed.
Jasmine looked at Derek, and then to me, her eyes wide and mouth agape. She giggled softly, placing her hand over her mouth.
"I guess we're staying the night," she said. "Is that okay?"
I wasn't expecting this to be an all-night arrangement, and was actually looking forward to getting some shut-eye. But what other choice did I have? Neither of them should have driven home in their condition.
"Sure, no problem," I responded. I looked around the room. I had booked a room with a single king-sized bed. My chair wasn't exactly comfortable enough to sleep in, and the thought of sleeping on the floor made my back ache. Jasmine must have read my mind.
"You can sleep here with us," she offered, patting the empty space beside her. "There's plenty of room."
"I don't think Derek would be okay with that," I said. The guy could crush my larynx with two fingers.
"Baby," Jasmine said, turning to Derek. She prodded and pushed him until he awoke with a start. "You don't mind if Walter sleeps on the other side of the bed, do you?"
"What? No, fuck that," Derek responded in a gravelly voice.
"Come on, baby. He's been a gentleman all night. And he paid for this room. And the wine. He's not going to touch me, are you, Walter?"
"No way," I said with conviction. "Derek would kill me."
"Yeah, I would," he said. "Okay, whatever. Bro, you touch her and you're dead. And don't touch me, either. Just stay on your side of the bed."
Jasmine looked at me and smiled. I crawled into the bed, taking extra care not to brush up against her. I moved to the very edge of the bed until I was practically hanging off of it, and faced away from her. I tended to sleep on that side, anyway. Even after the divorce, I only took up what had been "my" half of the bed for so many years.
It took a while, but eventually I drifted off to sleep. I had a vivid dream that I was at a big party in my old house. My ex-wife was there, along with all our old friends. We didn't have a hot tub, yet there was one in my dream, set up in the backyard. In the middle of this party, I decided to go out back and sit in the tub, completely naked. Next thing I know, Jasmine was there, and she reached into the water and began stroking my cock.
My heart raced, knowing my wife and all our friends were nearby, and we could be caught at any moment. But it felt so fucking good, I didn't want her to stop. I was getting so close. Just a few more strokes. And then something jolted me back to reality.
I pried open my eyes, and the harsh light of the morning sun shone through a sliver of space between the curtains. It took a moment for me to remember where I was. I had my usual morning wood, and I had a firm grip on it, as I often seemed to do upon waking. But then I noticed that it wasn't my hand gripping my cock.
The hand began to move, stroking me slowly up and down while keeping a firm grip. Oh my god. It was Jasmine's hand! What the fuck was she doing? Where was Derek? Why was she doing this? My head told me to remove her hand from my cock, get dressed quickly, and get out of there before Derek discovered what she was doing. But my cock took over, and I simply lay there, motionless, and allowed this strange and beautiful woman to stroke me with such expertise.
Just as I felt myself reaching a climax, I heard Derek stir on the other side of the bed. Jasmine quickly jerked her hand away, leaving me cold and twitching. I lay perfectly still, pretending to be asleep, waiting for something to happen. My mind raced with thoughts. I was in a state of panic, frozen on the spot, like a deer caught in headlights.
Derek mumbled something, and Jasmine whispered a response. I couldn't hear what they were saying. Damn my useless ears. The bed shook, and I heard heavy footsteps followed by the closing of the bathroom door. I wanted to turn around and see what was happening, but I didn't dare move. The water in the shower was turned on, and Jasmine finally spoke.
"You have about five minutes," she whispered.
I turned around. She was looking at me, wide-eyed, with a sinister grin. Her eyes sparkled with mischievous intensity.
"Wh—what do you mean?" I asked.
"You have about five minutes to fuck me," she stated. She flipped herself around on her hands and knees and pointed her ass in my direction. My god, what a perfect ass it was. I was completely befuddled. Why on earth did this gorgeous young goddess want a fat old fart like me to fuck her?
"Why are you doing this?" I asked.
"Are we going to play 'Twenty Questions' or are you going to fuck me?" she retorted.
The thought occurred to me that I was still dreaming. It certainly seemed real. I never had a problem before in discerning fantasy from reality. Maybe I had lost my mind. It was the only explanation. The single, most pressing, thought I had at the moment was that I was incredibly horny, and she was incredibly beautiful.
She turned to look at me, and I saw the tattoo along her side: "YOLO". You Only Live Once. Fuck it. Why not? If I didn't take this offer, I would regret it the rest of my life.
I positioned myself behind her and easily slid my cock into her warm and inviting pussy. She was so wet and tight. I grabbed her firm, round ass with both hands and squeezed. It felt as amazing as it looked. I slid my rigid pole in and out of her slowly, savoring the moment, though I knew I didn't have much time.
"Let me know when you're about to cum," she said. It was an odd request, but at that point, I would have done anything she asked.
I listened intently to the sound of the running shower. At any second, this dream would end. I fucked her harder and faster. I could feel my cock throbbing inside her as she met each of my thrusts with a gentle squeeze and a soft moan. I was close - very, very close.
"I'm gonna cum," I whispered urgently.
As swiftly as a gymnast, she spun around in a circle on the bed. She cupped my balls with one hand and pressed a couple of fingertips into that sensitive area near my asshole. With the other hand, she reached around and grabbed my butt cheek, pulling me forward into her mouth. She stuffed my cock into her mouth until her nose pressed against my pubic hair.
Just as I felt myself about to cum, she seemed to squeeze me with her mouth. It was like cinching a garden hose. A tremendous pressure built, and was then released at once. A powerful spurt of cum erupted from my cock - more powerful than I had ever felt before - unleashing a stream into the back of her throat. She did it again, squeezing my cock at the base and then releasing it. I felt another powerful spurt. I tried so hard not to scream in ecstasy that it felt as though my head would explode.
She continued milking me with her mouth until the final spasm subsided. She loosened her grip on my ass and removed me from her mouth with an audible slurp. She then licked her lips, wiped her mouth with her hand, and flashed me the most wicked of smiles.
"Had to swallow the evidence," she explained.
"Why?" I asked. "Why did you do that?"
"Well, Walter," she said. "There are two things you need to know about me. One is that I'm an adrenaline junkie. I get off on danger."
"Yeah," I said, "Derek said that last night."
She was about to speak again when the sound of the shower stopped. A look of panic crossed her face, and I was frozen for a moment. Quickly, I slipped back under the bed sheets and turned toward the window, pretending to sleep. Moments later, I could hear Derek emerge from the bathroom.
They exchanged words, and I could hear the shower running again. I could feel my heartbeat shaking the bed, and I had great trouble controlling my breathing. With my eyes shut tight, I listened intently for any sign that Derek might have discovered what happened. Did the room smell of sex? Did he smell my cum on her breath? I was utterly terrified.
The shower stopped, and moments later, Jasmine emerged. I figured it was safe to stop pretending to sleep. If Derek had noticed anything amiss, he surely would have acted by then. I stretched and yawned, and flipped over to my back.
"Good morning," I said, hesitantly.
"Hey," Derek responded with a grunt. "My fucking head is pounding, dude." He was fully dressed. I was relieved to know that he would be leaving soon.
Jasmine pulled on her shorts beside him. She didn't look at me, and I couldn't help but wonder what was going through her mind at that moment. She fastened her bra and pulled her tee shirt over her head, which was still wet from her shower. At last, she looked at me and smiled.
"We're out of her, bro," Derek said. "Thanks for the wine, and for giving us a place to fuck."
"Hope you enjoyed the show," Jasmine added.
"Definitely," I said, looking into her eyes. "It was an experience I'll never forget. Thank you."
They headed toward the door, and I gave one last admiring look at Jasmine's ass. Then, she suddenly turned around and grabbed Derek's arm just before he reached the door handle.
"Oh, shit," she said. "I almost forgot."
My heart began thumping in my chest. They were so close to the door. What was she doing?
"Walter, I forgot to tell you the other thing you need to know about me," she said with a devilish grin.
I sat up in bed, staring into her eyes, looking for some sign of what she was about to say next. She simply returned my stare, her eyes twinkling, waiting for me to speak.
"Wh—what's that?" I asked.
"Well, just like you, I also like to watch."
What did she mean? "Watch?" I asked. "Watch what?"
With that, she leaned in toward Derek and whispered something in his ear. Derek's entire head turned blood red, and his hands instantly clenched into fists, causing large veins to protrude from his arms. He turned toward me, and had a look in his eyes that I will never forget.
As he marched toward the bed, I looked at Jasmine, silently pleading with her for an explanation. She smiled widely, sat in the same chair that I had occupied the night before, and slipped her hand down the front of her shorts. It was the last vision I remember before everything went black.
The doctors say I didn't suffer any permanent damage. My nose and my face will heal, and I'll need some dental work once I get out of here. I'm hoping they'll let me go later today. I've been relatively pain-free thanks to the pills they're giving me, but I'm already tired of the mushy shit that I have to eat through a straw.
The cops showed up first thing this morning and had all sorts of questions for me. I told them I was hit from behind by a gang of kids in the alleyway behind the hotel. It was far too embarrassing to explain what really happened. And if the media ever got a hold of that police report, I'd be on the front page of the newspapers. Besides, I don't even know Derek's last name, and wouldn't think of pressing charges against him, anyway. I'd be happy never to see him again.
The way I see it, I got what was coming to me. I fucked another man's girlfriend. And you know what? I'd do it again, in a heartbeat.