It's Friday afternoon, I call from work and tell you to be ready by seven for an evening out.
"Dress to kill," I tell you and you can picture the devilish gleam in my eye.
It's four o'clock and you let your mind wander to what I have in mind. You slip into the shower and stand under the stinging hot water as it pelts against your lovely body. You wash your supple curves, your fingers caressing over your ample breasts, tweaking your nipples which soon grow hard beneath your touch.
Moisture forms in the sweet triangle between your legs. Your hand drifts down as your mind wanders. Thinking of what surprises I might have in store for the evening.
You grab your razor and shave your sweet pussy, knowing that part of the evening is sure to involve my talented tongue driving you wild with desire.
You step from the shower and towelling off you appraise yourself in the mirror. You know full well that just the sight of you is enough to drive me wild! You smile, feeling sexy and loving the effect you have on me.
You pull some lilac scented powder from the cupboard, brushing it lightly over your breasts and down your tummy. The scented powder makes you grin. You know how much I like it on you.
You slip into the bedroom and opening the closet you ponder, "What should I wear tonight, What will drive him insane with lust for me?"
You select the red lace bra from Victoria's Secret, that I bought you for Valentine's Day and a pair of matching lace panties. You decide to give me a little tease. Quickly you snap a picture with your cell phone, attaching a note, "Like what you see?"
You hit send and then slip into a short red cocktail dress. It's beautifully cut. The neckline reveals a beautiful cleavage and a mid thigh slit reveals just the right amount of your tantalising legs.
A few minutes later you get a picture back, it's my hard cock with the note attached. "What do you think?"
You giggle and finish getting dressed. Slipping your beautifully manicured feet into a pair of silver sandals with a high heel.
You look at the clock as you hear a horn honk. It's seven o'clock and you rush to the door.
As you open the door you see a glamorous black stretch limo parked out front.
I'm standing beside it, holding the door open. I wolf whistle as you begin to walk towards me. Smiling as you walk excitedly towards me. "You look good enough to eat!" I say as I take you into my arms. Kissing you deeply as I crush your body into mine, never wanting to let go.
You break our kiss, breathless as you ask, "So, just where are we going tonight?"
"Mulligan's, I hear that they have good steaks there."
I hold out my hand and help you into the limo. As we head down the freeway I reach across you and put up the privacy glass. You give me a naughty grin and ask, "And just why do we need that?"
I look deep in your eyes as I pull you close, continuing the kiss we started outside. Our mouths lock together as my nails rake up your back, you arch into me, moaning, kissing me passionately.
The time and miles fly by as we caress each other. Hungry for each other's bodies. Each time together is like the first time, electrifying.
We feel the limo slow and then stop completely. Knowing that we have arrived at Mulligans we quickly rearrange ourselves as the driver opens the door. You step out first and I enjoy the view of your lovely ass. Before joining you outside the limo.
Inside the restaurant the Maitre D' leads us to a quiet table in the back. We both order steaks, mine medium rare and yours medium. We chat while waiting for our food, my hand resting on your thigh. I'm enjoying every minute together. Loving the quiet time we can share.
Our dinner soon arrived and we eat slowly, relishing the delicious steaks and wonderful company. After we finish eating dinner you ask me what else I have planned.
"I hear the Martini Lounge is pretty nice." I say. You agree and I settle the bill.
Back in the limo I give you a devilish grin as I tell you how much I liked the picture you sent me.
You ask if I'd like to see for myself. In a flash I'm on my knees in front of you. I kiss my way up the inside of your thigh as you lift your ass and pull your dress higher.
I bury my nose in the red lace, inhaling your intoxicating sweetness. Feeling the moisture, your panties soaked with desire.
I clamp my mouth over your lace covered sex and blow hard, sending shivers up your spine. I don't hear the "whhiiirrr" as you hit the switch for the privacy glass.
You look directly at the driver and lick your lips, knowing that he can see EVERYTHING that is happening. You pull the top of your dress down as I tug your panties to the side.
You caress and tease your nipples as my tongue drives deep into your slick pussy.
Your back arches and you moan loudly, looking right at the driver as you do, his hungry eyes devouring you! I alternate from plunging thrusts to light circles, driving you closer and closer to the edge. I hear your breathing getting faster and deeper.
You have one hand on the back of my head pushing me deeper. I feel your knees start to quiver as your orgasm peaks.
I clamp down hard, sucking, not wanting to miss a drop of your sweet, sweet juices.
You push me away, your quivering clit too sensitive to take anymore. I crawl up your body, pausing to suck on each hard nipple before you pull my face to yours.
Hungrily you kiss me deeply, tasting all of your sweetness. You reach beside you and roll up privacy screen, not wanting me to know about the show you gave.
You pull your dress back into place as the car stops. The driver opens the door of the limo. You exit first and the driver gives you an appreciative wink.
We enter the Martini Lounge and take a quiet table off to the side. The waitress comes over to take our drink orders. We sit and watch the dance floor as a local band belts out some hot songs. I feel your hand gently resting on my hard cock.
"Want to dance?" you say, jumping up and pulling me by the hand. I follow your swaying ass to the dance floor. We start dancing hard and dirty.
Your hips grinding into my hardness. I pull you close, driving my stiff cock hard against your soft mound.
Your arms wrap around my neck as you whisper into my ear, telling me about the driver and how much it turned you on knowing that he was watching.
"I bet he is out there getting off right now." I tell you.
You sigh deeply, that thought turning you on even more.
We dance for a while before you lead me back to our table.
I sit down and you pull the curtain around our booth.
"Just what do you have in mind?" I ask you with a smile.
You don't answer, you just slip down under the table, tugging down my zipper and freeing my throbbing cock.
My head falls back in pleasure as your warm mouth engulfs my engorged head. Your lips wrapping just under the crown as you suck hard. Your soft hand wraps around my stiff shaft. My moans drowned out by the thumping drum beat as you suck harder and harder. Your hand flying up and down.
You feel my cock start to twitch and you pull away, squeezing my shaft at the base, stopping my explosion. You look up at me and say "How bad do you want it?"
I moan in frustration my hips arching against your grasp.
You chuckle wickedly before engulfing my whole cock, your tongue swirling around my shaft, driving me wild. My fingers lace through your flowing red hair as my hips arch off the seat. You feel my rod jerk as you suck hard, milking every last drop from my quivering crown.
You slide back in beside me still swallowing the huge load I just shot into your mouth. Snaking your arms around me, you ask "How was that?"
All you hear is a low growl as I enjoy the moment and try to catch my breath. You smile, taking that as a sign that it was pretty good.
After I finally compose myself I can't wipe the smile from my face. Happily we head back out on the floor for a little more dancing. Before you know it, you can feel my cock growing stiff against your sexy body yet again.
"Oh really?" you ask with a smirk, "How about we give the driver a real show?"
I'm a little hesitant but you ensure me that it will be worth my while.
I answer by taking you by the hand and leading you back out to the limo. We are barely out of the parking lot before you are tugging your dress over your head. It's a race to see who can undress quicker as I tug my trousers and shirt off.
You push me back onto the leather seats as you reach for the privacy screen switch.
Slowly you sink down onto my throbbing rod, ensuring that the driver sees EVERYTHING!
My strong hands grasp your hips, lifting you up and then letting you slam back down onto my stiff cock. Up and down, faster and faster.
As we reach a perfect rhythm my fingers find your stiff nipples. Rolling them between my fingers as you tease my nipples with your gentle caresses. Faster and harder, our bodies slam together. We are so enthralled in the moment that we don't even notice the limo pull to the side of the road.
The driver watches our every move. You look him in the eye in the rear view mirror, knowing full well that his hand is wrapped around his cock. His hand stroking his rock hard erection in time with our thrusts.
A loud squeal escapes your lips as I start to groan. Our orgasms hit at the same time sharing our ecstasy together, our juices combining.
The driver groans loudly as he shoots his huge load all over the dash of the limo.
The intoxicating aroma of our sex fills the air. You collapse onto my chest, breathing raggedly.
After a short while the car starts to move again. The driver puts up the privacy screen, giving us some alone time so we can gather ourselves before we get home. We have just finished dressing as we pull up in front of our house.
The driver opens the door and I reach for my wallet to give him a tip. "No need for that sir." he says with a wide grin on his face.
"You are a very lucky man." he tells me.
"You have no idea my friend, no idea at all!"
I say with a wink as I follow you to the house with a smile...