Disclaimer
All characters are 18 years of age or older, of sound mind, and able to consent. Any characters, or situations, depicting real-life people or events are purely coincidental. This story contains strong sexual themes, including: unrealistic anatomy, fellatio, cunnilingus, incest, exaggerated volumes of male and female ejaculate, distended abdomens, public sex, being recorded, and unprotected sex without resulting in pregnancy or disease. This story is for entertainment purposes only and should not be used as justification for the pursuit of acting out any fantasies or fetishes reflected in this story. Please...enjoy yourself.
******
♫Last time on Slut Son♫
Simon Memphis succumbed to the temptations of his seductive aunt, Brigit Hightower, and plunged head first into a world of illicit sex and degrading depravity. After conquering her nephew, Brigit began chipping away at her youngest sister's moral barriers, and subsequently unleashed Candice's dormant monstrous sexual appetite. Enslaved by their insatiable lust, the mother and son couple copulated constantly and increasingly without regard or reservations. One evening, they widened their lover's circle when they took advantage of an inexperienced and unsuspecting food delivery girl and dominated both her body and her will. As all three were reduced to a pile of cum-covered bodies, Candice was left to wonder if safe secret sex at home would no longer satisfy her.
Chapter 6 - The Toy Store
"Hah! Hah! Hah!Oh fuck! Fuck me! Hah! Yes! God that cock feels so good!Hah! Hah!"
Mel Beiress, an exotic raven-haired beauty, was fucking her newfound male slut in the back of her Sedan. Normally, her personal car was reserved for her side-hustle, which was delivering food orders from restaurants to nearby residents, but recently it also served as a private mobile hookup spot. Mel had previously hit a rough patch in her life. She was constantly dissatisfied with every vocation she pursued, she lived without excitement or adventure, and was becoming increasingly morose largely due to her lack of relationship prospects. However, her luck completely changed when not long ago a chance of good fortune sent her to the house of the most salacious couple. There, she was inducted into a life of perversion, constant fornication, and uninhibited fantasy fulfillment.
"Yes! Just like that! Fill me up! Oh my god you feel soooo fucking goood when you stuff my cunt!!"
Albeit cramped for two adults, Mel was straddling her willing fuck slut in the back seat. The young man was slouched far down into the seats, Mel's heels dug into the seats on both sides of him, her left hand was braced against a rear headrest, and her right against the driver side seat. The lack of space and comfort had not deterred either sex addict during their "lunchtime quickie." In fact, the limited room to move only made them grind and hump harder against each other, which exponentially compounded their lust and pleasure.
"Fuck Mel!" Simon panted loudly in Mel's ear. "Hah! Hah!It's like...Nnnnnnng!Like fucking something softer than velvet.Aaaah! Aaaah!But you're so fucking tight!" As Mel's body slapped hard against his own, her leaking sex created a slick surface on his smooth stomach. "Tight and wet! This pussy is perfection!"
"Haaaah! Haaaah!Oh yes! Fuck yes!" Mel continued to skewer herself on the first seven inches of Simon's cock. That amount of length still pushed her to her limit, but she found it to be an addictive and pleasurable agony. "It's because you're so fucking big. Oh my god, I think I can feel you...nnnnngggg...all the way in my fucking stomach. Don't...AH...stop...AH...crushing...AH...my...AH...pussy!" Mel was screaming in Simon's face, but he didn't care. He was preoccupied with kissing her neck and licking the salty sweat from her body. "You...ah ah ah...really are a freak. Fuck yes! Licking my sweat like that." Mel had tilted her head back and pushed her chest hard against Simon's face.
"Your sweat, your spit, your cum. Give it all to me!" Simon proclaimed as he plunged his face into the bountiful soft tissue of her chest and lapped at the pool of sweat that collected there.
Mel braced herself with her arms and slowed her pace before pushing herself down hard on the pole that threatened to permanently reshape her womb. "Yes! There! Right there!" Mel closed her eyes and focused hard. "Don't move. Hold it right there."
"Fuck Mel. You're forcing too much inside!" Simon said concerned.
"This hurts. This really fucking hurts! But you're almost inside my womb and it feels sooo good."
Mel held her position on top of her male slut. She worked her hips back and forth, flexed her inner muscles, and savored the feeling of being completely filled by such a monstrous cock.
"Of fuck! Here it comes!" Mel's eyes were still tightly closed as she squeezed Simon with her legs and cunt muscles. "IMGONNACUM!! IMGONNACUM!! IMGONNACUM!!"
"Yes! Cum on my cock! Let it out as you cum on my cock!"
"OH FUCK!! HERE IT COMES!!"
Mel's muscle spasms were so fast and repetitive that she literally turned into a vibrating cock sleeve around Simon. He ground his face deeper between her breasts and dug his fingers into her fat ass as millions of tingling sensations were driven into his steel shaft.
"Mel! MEL! You're going to make me cum.AAAAAAAAHH!I can't hold it. IF YOU DON'T MOVE I'M GONNA CUM INSIDE!!" Simon tried to warn his new mistress.
"NO! Don't you fucking dare! Don't cum in my car! No matter what!" Mel screamed at him.
Simon had no choice but to release his grip on Mel's ass, and use both hands to strangle the base of his loaded cannon. His cowper's gland boiled over with fluid ready to release. His balls churned and bulged with fresh sperm fighting to jettison deep into Mel's body, but with teeth clenched and beet red in the face Simon painfully kept everything at bay. Meanwhile, his lunch date was having the time of her life.
"YES! HOLD IT!" Mel's screams of ecstasy shook the car. "I'M RIGHT THERE!"
Like her first encounter with Simon, her pussy formed a tight seal around Simon's girth which prevented any liquid from escaping. Mel came and came, filling up what little available space there was inside her, until the pressure was too much and her hot girl cream shot out in sharp streams against her lover's body.
"Fuck Yes!" Simon shouted. "God I love it! Cum all over me Mel! Squirt all over me!" Simon's hands were still busy holding the barbarians at the gate and keeping an immense volume of spunk from flooding Mel's entire cavity. It took every muscle of his body to keep from grinding and humping against Mel.
"Yeah? You like that?" Mel teased as she lowered her right hand and flicked her budding clit.
"Yes!Ah! Ah!I love when a woman squirts. Fuck me Mel! It drives me crazy!" He confessed when Mel coaxed a few more fine sprays that splashed against Simon's flexing abs. "I want your cum all over me!"
"Haaah! Haaaah!You're a fucking dirty slut. You know that?" Mel asked with a huge smile as she came down from her orgasm.
Simon simply returned her smile as he tried to hide the fact that his forearms burned from fighting to maintain a tight seal around his firehose. His breathing was loud as he gulped or air, looking as if he had just finished a marathon.
"Mmmmm." Mel wiped her hand on Simon's stomach where her squirt had splashed his skin. After drawing her hand to her face, she licked her palm, "I taste pretty good if I'm being honest. Now, help me off this thing."
"Hold on.Huff huff huff. There might still be some cum inside you." Simon felt the pressure in his cock subside and he slowly released his grip. Then he slipped his arms under Mel's legs and attempted to slide further down the back seat. "Here, I want to get as much as I can."
Mel hunched her body over when she felt Simon lift her off his thickly veined texture pole. As Simon guessed, the remnants of Mel's cum that couldn't escape began to pour out of her. Ideally, Simon would have liked to latch his mouth onto Mel's leaking pussy, but he only managed to slide down far enough to have her sweet juice spill out onto his chest.
"Happy now Simon? Covered in my cum?" Mel asked although she already knew the answer.
"Of course," he replied as he continued to smile up at Mel.
"Mmmm. That was amazing. Even if it was a quickie." Mel complimented Simon as she rubbed his shoulders. Simon was then busy rubbing the slick sheer solution all over his neck, chest, and abs. "You really like when a woman squirts on you that much?" She inquired.
"Oh absolutely. It's always been a fetish of mine, but my insane obsession for it is a relatively recent awakening." Simon answered.
"Well, I still think it's strange, but I appreciate you trying not to make a mess in my car."
"Ha! That's why you didn't want me to cum? You weren't worried about me bursting your womb, figuratively of course. You didn't want to clean up my spunk off your seats." Simon was agitated, and still in pain, that he couldn't cum from before.
"First, you'd be doing the cleaning. And second, are you insane? I've seen that thing fire off. You would have drenched my entire back seat. I gotta deliver food in this, you know." Mel was legitimately flustered and chided Simon. "Don't you have to replace your mother's chair or couch or something?"
"Well, when you put it that way." Simon replied in an apologetic tone. "And it's her bed. I'm picking up her new one after work. Still, it would have been nice. It's actually...kind of painful now."
"Well then, we'll use your car next time." Mel was agitated and wanted to change the subject. "Hey! Was I able to take you any deeper?" She wondered.
"Umm, I think so. A little deeper at least." Simon didn't have the slightest clue. Half of his cock in a dripping cunt was better than no cunt.
"Can was right, I'm getting used to it, and it does feel a lot better now."
"You're calling her 'Can' now?"
"What would you prefer I call her? 'Your mother'? You're still a sick fuck you know!" Mel never missed a chance to criticize Simon for fucking his own mother, but it never bothered her so much that she didn't want to ride his ribbed pole every chance she could. "Mmmm. I'd love to keep doing this, but I gotta go and you have to get back to work."
"Sigh. Yeah, I guess." Simon pouted and rested his head against the seat with his eyes closed.
"Hey, don't be so disappointed. You'll get yours soon enough."
Mel had the final word as the two awkwardly shifted their naked and sticky sweaty bodies in the back seat and tried to dress themselves. After much difficulty, Mel and Simon exited her car, and gave each other one last kiss before Mel departed.
***
After returning from his lunch break, Simon had barely got himself situated at his workstation when, "knock knock."
Kelli Colonel, Simon's cross-fit centric supervisor, rapped her fingers on some stacked pallets just behind his desk. Simon spun his chair around to face her, and once he saw her he did something he had never done before, check her out from head to toe.
Fuck me, did she always look like that?
Kelli had always been in great shape, but Simon couldn't help but appreciate that her defined and toned muscles seemed to bulge under her tight clothes leaving practically nothing to the imagination. She wore her usual athletic shoes with white ankle-cut socks. Her black compression shorts hugged her waist just below her hips and ended just below her perfectly sculpted butt. The fabric was tight in the crouch and showcased a smooth camel-toe for any onlooker. Her legs were smooth and tanned without a single blemish, and her thighs were incredibly thick due to her strong over-developed quads. And her tee-shirt was made of a thin wicking material that contoured to her bulging abs and rounded deltoids.
WOW! She has...the perfect body. I mean, she barely has any tits, but still. She's so lean, and super fit. God damn I would taste every bit of her body. I'd even rim her asshole.
As he stared at his boss, his face became red with embarrassment.
What the fuck? This is Kelli. I'll...just chock it up to not cumming before. Aaaaaand I still have an erection. Perfect.
Simon could make all the excuses and justifications he wanted, but the reality was he found his muscular supervisor very attractive.
"Uh...hey! Kelli, what's up?" Simon finally spoke.
"Ah, there he is." Kelli replied. "I thought you were just going to stare at me the whole time."
"No. Sorry. I, uh, just got back from lunch. Didn't have my bearings yet." Simon tried to explain.
"Uh huh."Ha! Loser got caught checking out my body. She didn't believe him, and much rather hoped he was distracted by something else. "I actually have a personal question to ask. Well, more like a favor."
What is it now?Simon wondered as he shifted nervously in his chair.She's notoriously unpredictable. This could be anything.
"The resort is one of the sponsors for a rucksack race that's happening on the beach in a few weeks. And I'm one of the organizers." Kelli continued before Simon interjected.
"Rucksack? That's like a backpack isn't it?" Simon asked.
"Yeah, kind of. Well a backpack with a weighted plate inside." Kelli explained. "Anyway, we're a little short on runners so I was hoping you'd come out and participate in the race."
"I dunno Kelli. Those kinds of events aren't really my thing." Simon answered, trying to let her down easy.
"What do you mean? You work out all the time." Kelli fired back.
"Yeah, to look good. Mostly just to stay fit and healthy. I'm not actually strong or anything." Simon explained.
"Please help me out. We need enough people to justify sectioning off a portion of the beach for the course. The city is hounding us for a head count." Kelli was getting desperate and sounded as much.
"Well..I mean, why don't you run?" Simon didn't particularly like letting people down, but a rucksack race was not something he was even remotely interested in.
"I am. Actually." Kelli responded quickly.
There goes that, Simon thought. "I don't even have a rucksack, or know anything about them."
"What if I get one for you?" Kelli pleaded. "I'll get you all the equipment, take care of your registration and fee, and...and...I'll even treat you to lunch for an entire week." Kelli grasped at straws to sweeten the pot. "All you have to do is show up."
Simon took a deep breath. "When is it?"
"Two weeks from this Saturday." Kelli sounded a little more eager.
"Sigh." Simon collapsed in his chair signaling his defeat. "Alright. I'll do it. I can't promise I'll do well, but I'll be there and just...do my best I suppose."
"Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Really. I appreciate this." It was the most appreciative Simon had ever seen Kelli be. "I'll text you more details, and let you know when I have your pack."
"Thanks, 'preciate it." Simon said reluctantly.
"Sure. And uh, let me know if you need anything in the meantime." Kelli responded.
And with that, Kelli left the delivery and shipping area and returned to her office.
Sonuvabitch!Looks like I'm going to have to start working out. For real this time.
***
Kelli plopped down into her office chair, picked up her office phone and dialed the extension for the Director of Promotions and Events.
"Chanté, good news. I think we'll have enough participants to move forward with the beach run." Kelli reported excitedly.
"Thank you Kelli. I was worried there for a while. I was even thinking of changing this to a simple 5k or 10k." Chanté replied.
"A 5k? I'm offended." Kelli laughed. "Seriously though, I know what you mean. I hit a wall reaching out to my friends and family to get people to this thing. I finally put on my tightest workout clothes and conned my best shipping guy into joining the race."
"Oh? Who is that?" Chanté asked.
"Simon. Early twenties, tall, athletic. Don't know if you've ever met him." Kelli explained.
"Oh Simon? I have met him, actually. His presence will certainly improve the scenery." Chanté said as she smiled over the phone.
Horny bitch!Kelli thought. "Yeah, well, he's new to this so I'm going to run as well and keep an eye on him."
Gym rat whore!Chanté thought. "Be sure that you do." Chanté replied with a bit of jealousy and annoyance in her voice. "Thanks for the update Kelli."
"Any time."
And both women hung up their phones abruptly.
Chanté sat in her chair silent for a few minutes lightly tapping her chin. Then, she picked up her phone and dialed the extension for one of her photographers.
"Hi Yui, it's Chanté. Just wanted to let you know I'll be taking the pictures for the rucksack race with you." Chanté swiveled in her chair to look out of her window, down at the beach. "Oh no, you're perfectly capable of covering this on your own, but it's been a while since I worked on one of the events. And it'll be good for me to get out." Chanté smiled to herself as she thought more about watching Simon during the race. "I'll need you on the ground, but I have some ideas for some wide ranged shots with the drone. You can get some really interesting shots with those. We'll touch base later about getting a head start on the Fall gallery." Over the phone Yui was disappointed; she felt as if her boss was chaperoning the event. "Thanks Yui. Bye."
I know just who to make the subject of this event, Chanté thought to herself with a suspicious grin.
***
Dammit to hell! I still can't believe I agreed to run in Kelli's race.
That one request agitated Simon for the rest of the workday. He aggressively threw his stuff into his car and then just sat in the driver seat, stewing, for several minutes.
For as swollen as they are, I'd think I would have the balls to back out. Simon shifted in his seat as his full sack was being squished uncomfortably between his thighs.
Oh well, whatever. Although, Kelli is running too. Maybe I'll get to see her in some tiny running outfit or something. That thought did improve Simon's mood, even if only slightly.
Simon picked up his phone and texted his mother that he was stopping by the bedding store to pick up the mattress she ordered before returning home.
I told her my car can't transport a mattress, but she swore it would be easy. We'll see who's right.
Simon arrived at the mattress retailer and showed a sales representative a copy of his mother's receipt.
"We'll have that right out for you." The salesman said.
To Simon's surprise, a gentleman from the back brought out a tall narrow box on a dolly. It couldn't have been more than 2 1/2 feet wide by 2 1/2 feet deep, and a little over 6 feet tall, loaded onto a dolly.
"That's a mattress?" Simon asked.
"Yeah. It's one of those violet material ones. It's in a tube you have to unroll and then it expands over the next twenty four hours." The inventory worker explained.
"Still, it looks small for a king size." Simon said. He remained skeptical.
"Oh this thing's over two hundred and fifty pounds. Trust me, it's big." The worker said as he leveled the dolly right in front of the store where Simon was standing. "Are you, uh, going to be able to handle this."
"Probably not, but I'll manage. Somehow." Having to lift something that heavy was tantamount to exercise, and exercise made Simon think of the rucksack race he agreed to.
"Here, I can at least help you get it into your truck." The man offered.
"Actually, I brought my car." Simon replied embarrassingly.
The man smirked as he tilted the dolly back. "Haha. You'll have fun getting this home."
***
"Whoo!" Simon shouted. "That...that was a workout." After heaving the condensed mattress from his car to inside the house, then up the stairs, and to his mother's bedroom, he finally delivered the new king-sized mattress to its intended destination. He took several steps back and wiped the sweat from his face with his shirt. "Don't want to do that again any time soon." He joked.
"Oh my god, thank you so much sweetie. Although, I know this is a horrible time to ask this, but can you take the old mattress down to the garage to be thrown out?"
Simon looked down at his mother. She was sweet and innocent, and the last thing Simon wanted was for his petite mother to get injured lifting something as heavy as their old saturated love mattress.
"Yeah, of course. No problem. Just uh...need a minute." He wiped his face again, and then lifted his shirt over his head and discarded it on the floor.
"Wow. Look at you." Candice said excitedly as she salivated over her son's topless body.
"Huh?"
"Your chest, and your arms. They're bulging. And look at this vein running down your bicep." Candice said as she caressed her son's arms. "I love that. Makes you look strong. Like, strong enough to force me to do anything and I couldn't fight you off."
"Oh my god. I love how insatiable you are! But I need to finish this before I run out of steam." Simon explained.
Candice had at least taken care of removing the sheets from the old mattress, so Simon took care of lifting it off the box spring and with great difficulty carried it out of the room. Given the size and the weight of the old mattress, plus his already exhausted state from lugging the new mattress up a flight of stairs, Simon was forced to take several breaks before he finally made it to the garage, and propped up the old mattress against the wall near the trash bin.
"Ooooooh god. I hope she doesn't have any more chores for me." Simon said aloud to himself. He went back inside to get a cold drink from the kitchen, but Candice was already prepared with a chilled electrolyte beverage.
"Oh! Thank you so much." Simon graciously thanked his mother as he chugged it down. "Gulp. Gulp. Gulp. Gasp!I needed that so bad."
Candice stood closer to her son and traced his chest with her right index finger. Then, she teased his nipples before making a request.
"Sweetie, I wanted to go shopping this evening," Candice was biting her bottom lip and turning her hips back and forth, "and I was hoping you would come with me."
"Shopping? Yeah, sure. That sounds fine." Simon replied. "Like, for new clothes?"
"No. I wanted to go shopping for...toys." Despite all the barriers they had broken as mother and son, Candice was still apprehensive about showing her son that side of her.
"Toys? What do you mean?"
"Ugh. Sweetie, do I have to spell it out for you? I want you to come with me to a sex shop." Candice finally blurted out.
"Oh. Oooooh, adult toys. Got it." Simon nodded, showing he finally understood. "Of course I'll go with you."
"Really?" Candice was giddy with excitement.
"Absolutely, no problem. Let me just grab my shirt." Simon replied.
"Thank you so much." Candice leaned and kissed her son on his cheek. "Meet me in the SUV." And as Simon walked past her, she did something she had never done before. She gave her son a hardTHWACKon his left buttock. He turned his back to look at his mother and flashed her a devilish smile.
***
Candice chauffeured herself and Simon in her large black SUV, and for the most part it remained a quiet drive until Simon broke the silence.
"So," Simon started, "this store we're going to, have you been there before?"
"Oh yes, many times." Candice answered. "In fact, I was a regular there for a while." Simon looked over at his mother who was deep in thought, like memories of so many good times came flooding back to her. "I actually haven't been back since a new owner took over, so, this will be a new experience for both of us." Candice said as she returned her son's look and smiled at him.
"What kind of stuff would you get?" Simon inquired, trying to keep the mood light since they were both a little nervous.
Candice's face lit up with a very bright smile as a laugh had burst out. "Haha, well, as strange as it sounds, this place has the lingerie that I like. Say what you want about the adult industry, but they know how to make comfortable bras and panties."
"Huh. I actually never thought about that." Simon replied. "You know, when you say it out loud it makes perfect sense."
"Outside of clothes," Candice continued, "anything that would strike my fancy."
"Like dildos?"
Candice blushed. Simon had never said the word "dildos" in front of his mother, and suddenly she became as embarrassed and timid as a school girl. "Y...yes, sometimes. But I buy all kinds of things, whatever I think I might like."
"I can't argue with that. I think that's pretty cool Mom." And in an attempt to sooth his mother, Simon placed his left hand on her right thigh and caressed her soft leg.
The rest of the drive was silent, but that didn't last long because moments later they arrived at the store front. When they entered the establishment, Simon stood just on the other side of the door and surveyed the store. As expected from the outside, it was a small shop yet every available space was filled with all manner of adult toys, clothing, and other products. In the front of the store were some aisles with tall partitions of toys for both women and men, a little further back and along the left side were racks of clothing and on the walls hung some really rique items, and in the back was the video section along with larger items such as: swings, harnesses, machines, and large cushions and wedges. To the right side near the front, was the checkout counter that also served as a display case for various smaller toys and lubes. And behind the counter, was a very young woman around Simon's age if not a year or two younger. She was short, even shorter than Candice, with a thin and beautiful frame and adorned a bubble-butt disproportional to the rest of her figure. She had thick jet-black hair that was styled into something resembling a bob, piercing bright blue eyes, purple eye-shadow, black lipstick and painted nails, and tattoos that covered her entire left arm. She wore a very tight rock band t-shirt that she cut in the front to give it a deeper neckline, very small black denim shorts, and beige flats. When she heard customers enter the store, she hopped up from her stool behind the counter.
"Hello, welcome to Cherry's." The young woman greeted both patrons that entered her store, but she immediately zeroed in on the tall handsome young man.
"Hi, I'm Candice." Candice said brightly walking up to the woman behind the counter.
"Nat. Pleased to meet you." Nat replied.
"Are you by any chance, the new owner?" Candice was skeptical, but didn't want to assume just because of how young Nat was.
"I am actually." Nat answered. "I love all things sex. So, when I heard Carol was selling I decided to make a bid to buy the business."
"That's amazing!' Candice said. "And good for you too, starting out so young."
Nat smiled and thanked Candice, and then her gaze was quickly drawn to Simon, standing a few paces behind Candice, still looking around the store. "Does he speak?" Nat wondered.
"Hmm?" Candice turned her head to look behind her. "Oh, yes. He does. I don't think he's been in an adult shop before. Probably a little nervous. I wanted to bring my..." Candice caught herself before she said "son" to the young woman, "...my 'male slut' in to help me pick out some sexy clothes, and anything else that looks like fun." Candice then cleared her throat to get Simon's attention. "Hmmm hmmm."
Simon turned to look at the counter and saw both women staring at him. "Uh, hi! Simon." He said finally introducing himself.
"Hello." Nat replied rather seductively. "If you'd like, I'd be happy to give you a tour of the store." Nat offered.
"Oh, uh, thank you." Candice blushed.I shouldn't be surprised. She then turned to her son, "But we're just going to take a look around together."
Disappointment fell on Nat's face, but she had leaned very far forward on the counter to show off her small, yet very perky breasts to Simon. "Well, let me know if you need any help or...recommendations." She offered. And while Candice had her head turned, Nat looked Simon right in his eyes, "or help fitting into anything. Our sizes run a bit small, if you're looking for a tight fit." Simon blushed even more than he already had been.
"Will do." Candice replied.
Simon simply smiled at Nat and then caught up with Candice who was looking at some very brightly colored, and intricately laced, bras. It wasn't long before she had a few items already piled up on her left arm as she searched through more racks. After the bra section, Candice had picked out two teddies, and then to Simon's surprise a few thongs that could only be described as thin straps or strings.
What's even the point of wearing underwear then?He wondered to himself.
On the far left side of the store, were two tall cubicles acting as changing rooms. Ready to 'inspect' the merchandise, Candice was dragging Simon with her to occupy one of them. Candice then hung all the clothes she picked out on the few provided hooks and then turned to her son.
"Sweetie, you'll help mommy change into these right?" Candice asked with a very faint yet beautiful voice.
Still thinking his mother's intentions were innocent--as innocent as they can be in a sex shop--Simon eagerly offered his help. "Of course. You need me to fasten the snaps and tie the laces?" He wasn't really sure how the garments worked.
Candice lifted her t-shirt above her head and revealed a very plain light-pink bra to her son. Then she turned around and pulled her hair aside to uncover the clips in the back. "Would you mind undoing these?"
Candice hadn't even finished her request when in one effortless motion Simon pinched both sides of the backing together with his right hand andsnap snap snap, the clips came undone. With her back still turned, Candice lowered her loose bra and gently placed it on a small shelf on her left side. Candice turned back around to proudly display her breasts to her son.
Candice tucked her left hand under Simon's shirt, and with her right hand she fumbled with the button on his pants. This was Candice's sign for "take off your clothes."
"Really? Here?" Simon tried to whisper quietly.
"Yesss!" Candice hissed in Simon's ear. "Right here. Right now sweetie!"
Simon blushed, and his hands shook, but he responded with an eagerness that matched his mother's enthusiasm as he quickly stripped in the changing room.
Ohmygodohmygodohmygod. This is crazy! I can't believe Mom wants me to do it right here.
Trepidations notwithstanding, Simon couldn't deny was becoming just as insatiable.
Fuck, I can't stop myself. It's like, the more she acts like a whore in front of me, the more turned on I get. Although, the more I act like a slut, the hornier I am.
Simon knelt down in front of his mother and removed her shorts and panties.
"Hmphf." Simon laughed to himself.Whether she's a whore for me, or I'm a slut for her, I can't fight my addiction for a woman's cum.
Candice eagerly placed her very wet snatch just above Simon's quivering mouth.
I can't believe I'm doing this in public. Candice thought frantically in her head. Oh god, my heart is pounding so loudly in my ears, I can't hear anything else. I'm going to do this, I'm going to make him eat my pussy here in this changing room.
Looking at his mother directly in her eyes, Simon hung his mouth open and stuck his tongue out as far as he could. Drool dripped off his bottom lip and splashed onto the floor between his knees. Fighting the urge to scream out "eat my pussy," Candice took a deep breath and lowered herself onto her son's face. The strong fragrance of his mother's aroused sex-pot overwhelmed and intoxicated Simon. He had become unaware of everything around him, everything except for the mature maternal body offered freely before him. His insatiable lust for his mother's flavor had taken a hold of him, and he snaked his strong tongue deep within his mother's warm drenched cavity.
"GAAASP!Oooooh my god! Sweetie! That feels so good!" Candice exclaimed louder than she should have. "How are you doing this? Your tongue is as strong as two fingers on my g-spot."
Sluuuurp. Sluuuurp.
Simon had paused for just a moment, "I'm raging for your cum Mom. I can't stand it. No matter how much I drink, I can't get enough. I want more! I need more!" It was Simon's turn to speak louder than he should have. "Cum for me Mom! Let me taste it. Drink it. Wash my face and hair with it! Spray it on my cock so I can jack off with your cum." Simon had excited himself too much, and latched back onto his mother's trembling sex forming a tight seal.
Dammit Simon, why do you have to talk like that? When you were shy and embarrassed I could at least last a little longer. Now, the dirtier you get the sooner I want to cum all over your body. Candice whimpered as she confessed this to herself.
Simon sucked harder and harder. He grabbed his mother's ass firmly and sandwiched her pelvis between his hands and head.
"Hah! Hah! Hah!You're crushing my sensitive clit!" Candice moaned, being sure to mention 'sensitive' to her son, hoping to coax more attention to her pussy from him. Simon understood her request, and then with his upper lip firmly pressed against her clit, he began humming to send waves of tiny vibrations throughout the most erogenous part of her body. "Oh my god Simon. Yes! YES! Just like that! Keep going just like that!"
Nat, who had resumed her comfortable position behind the main counter, had looked up sharply from her phone towards the changing rooms. Most sex sounds are indistinguishable from anything else, but Nat approached the cubicle housing the couple just to be sure.
Are...they really having sex in my store?Nat wondered as she stood still and listened. Through the broad wooden door she heard Candice's unmistakable moaning, "Ah! Ah! Ah!"
"Fucking hell!" Nat said aloud.Horny fucking rats! They've barely been here five minutes!
Approximately thirty seconds before Nat opened the changing room door, Simon was gulping and swallowing as much of his mother's leaking cum as physically possible. He was desperate to bring her to one of her intense geyser-like orgasms, so he spread her cheeks wide and slipped the middle finger on his right hand suddenly inside her anal opening.
"GASP!" Candice spat from the sudden shock. "Si...Simon! That's too much!"
Suddenly, their private show wasn't so private. The forbidden couple heard the disconcerting sound of the metal handle on the door turning, and soon they were the recipients of Nat's annoyed yet cheeky glare.
Candice froze and returned Nat's gaze with a look of horror.Oh no! No no no no no! I knew she'd hear us, but she barged in. I'm caught. Caught with my son. My..., Candice looked down at Simon, who had not stopped treating her naked clam like a delicious wedge of watermelon,...with my handsome sex-crazed son. His face is already soaked, but the look in his eyes. He wants more. He wants to show off in front of this young tight-bodied girl.
Candice saw a flash of bright white light as Simon snuck his ring finger into her ass. She and Simon were completely nude. Completely exposed in public. And the nerves inside her rectum were being massaged, a strong tongue probed her g-spot, and humming vibrated her pink throbbing clit. All of that was done by the man of her dreams. And all of that, the best oral sex of her life, in front of a vixen less than half her age.
"AAAAAAAAAAA AAAAAAAAHHHHH!" Candice was unable to contain herself and cried out.
Simon's wish was granted as the familiar sensation of his mother's sweet hot cum was jettisoned from her tiny cunt.
PIIIIIIISSSSHH!
Candice practically drowned Simon in her pussy cum. It was forced in his eyes, up his nose, and down his throat.
"I'MAAAAAAAAHHI'M CUMMING! I'M CUMMING!!" Candice screamed out. And she forcefully pushed Simon's head back.
"CUM! FUCK YES! GIVE ME YOUR CUM!!" Simon matched his mother's volume.
Candice bucked and swayed her hips, she resembled an unmanned fire hose as her squirting covered Simon from head to toe. Her liquid cum splashed over his body and drenched her as well. The carpet beneath them was quickly soaked and stained. Their clothes that they had haphazardly tossed to the side became little more than wet rags. And even Nat's shins and shoes had unexpectedly been in the splash zone.
"What the fuck!" Nat asked in disbelief. She was welling up with anger. Her changing room had been ruined. Some, insane daring couple, had come into her store, snuck into one of the changing rooms, and came all over everything.
This is some sick joke, right? Who the fuck are these people? This blonde bitch isn't fooling anyone. Fucking old bitch trying to show off with some pathetic man-whore. Some small-dicked siss who gets off eating out hags in public...some small-dicked...small...fucking huge cock!
Nat's gaze had become affixed on Simon's swollen bobbing cock. The excitement of being cummed on had made his monster swell even more as his soft helmet reached well above his belly button. Nat continued to stare and tried to make sense of it. It could have easily been mistaken for any of the ridiculous phallic models in her store, yet there was the real thing, huge and grotesque, and she wanted it to destroy her.
"We're...we're sorry." Candice panted. "We just couldn't help ourselves."
"You've ruined my changing room!" Nat yelled.
"And we'll...pay for the damage." Candice offered weakly.
"God damn right you will. And I'll take my first installment now!" Nat replied. She tried to sound angry, but she was too horny to care anymore. She took two steps forward and grabbed Simon by his rock hard pole. It was wet, covered in slick girl cum and searing hot in her hand.
This cock is perfect, Nat thought to herself.
Nat tightened her grip on her helpless victim and led him out into the main part of the store.
What the fuck!Simon thought in shock.At least the store is empty.
"I like all things sex." Nat reminded her new toy. "That includes exhibitionism," she smirked. "If you're going to fuck in my store, at least do it where everyone can see!" Nat was much more strong-willed and demanding than her stature let on.
"I...uuuuugh...I can't do this." Simon moaned. Nat had dropped to her knees and had begun stroking Simon's soaked cock while licking his head.
Sluuuuurp.
"Mmmm. You should have thought about that before you decided to act like trashy whores in my store." Nat replied, loving the position she was in.
"Slut, actually." Simon said softly.
"Pardon?" Nat questioned.
"I'm...I'm...uuuughoh fuck...I'm a slut." Simon was moaning and shaking on the outside, but on the inside he couldn't contain his excitement.
Oh fuck. I just admitted to a complete stranger that I'm a complete and total male slut.
That spiked his arousal and as he flexed his member, a huge dollop of precum pooled from his tip and smeared against Nat's face.
"Oh! Already?" Nat responded disappointingly.
"That's just him getting excited." Candice explained. Nat tilted her head to the side and witnessed Candice coming out of the fitting room. Candice was poorly concealing her breasts with her right arm while she held her panties in her left hand. "His cum is too much to handle for a first-timer."
"Is that so?" Nat replied.Bitch thinks I've never handled a huge load before. "I take it he's your slut then?"
Candice nodded as she attempted to put her panties back on.
"Oh you won't be needing those." Nat said. Candice stopped and looked up at Nat. "He clearly did a number on you so why don't you take over for me."
Candice hesitated, but ultimately dropped her underwear right on the store floor and positioned herself on her knees in front of her son's cock ready to worship him.
"Since I'm a 'first-timer', show me how it's done." Nat stood up and pressed her clothed body hard against Simon's naked figure. She reached her left hand behind Simon's head and grabbed a fistful of his wet hair. Then, forced his head down to steal a kiss. She snaked her tongue out and licked his lips before shoving inside his mouth. It was then that Simon discovered his hostess had her tongue pierced.
SLURP SMACK!
"And I better see you suck that cock like a filthy pornstar on a casting couch." Nat demanded. "If you're trashy enough to have sex in someone's store, you might as well go all the way."
Candice increased her efforts, she pumped her son's cock with both hands and let her slobber cover and coat his rigid dick and her hands. Each time she pulled her mouth away, thick clear bands of drool connected her mouth to the delicious man-meat.
Being a good deal shorter than Simon, Nat wrapped her right hand around Simon's ballsack, just below the base of his cock, and gave his ball bag a firm tug. Simon winced slightly but three hands working his manhood just coaxed more sticky precum from his bulbous tip, which Candice salivated over and smeared it over face and neck. Her once beautiful face was ruined with smudged makeup, and splats of spit and spunk. Nat, enjoying her dominance, continued to make-out with Simon and grope his body, while the mature blond whore serviced the young man's cock. Suddenly two more people entered Nat's store.
"Welcome. We're having a bit of a 'promotional performance' today." Nat said as she released Simon. "Feel free to enjoy the show as you look around."
A young black couple stood just inside the store, her looking anxious and worried, and him eager and excited.
"Let's just get our stuff and go." The black woman requested quietly.
"Yeah, babe. In a minute. Lemme just..." The man's sentence trailed off as he became increasingly distracted by the lewd public display in front of him. A noticeable tent was already pitching in his pants.
"What are you promoting exactly?" The woman asked.
"Sex. Of course." Nat answered promptly. And thinking quickly, she elaborated, "It's supposed to get customers in the mood, so they buy more." A flimsy explanation, but it sufficed to convince the two standing in her store.
"It is...pretty hot." The woman said as her right hand began massaging her breasts.
Nat cocked her head back towards the naked couple and ordered, "enough of that! You with the donkey dick, lay down on the floor!" She yelled rather loudly and angrily.
Breathing hard and sweaty, Simon laid flat on his back in the middle of the store.
"What are you waiting for?" Nat turned her attention to Candice. "Don't let that go to waste." She was speaking of Simon's rigid erection angled towards his body and bobbing up and down as he flexed. "That's what you're here for. Go ahead and mount your 'lover'."
On her hands and knees, Candice crawled up Simon's shiny sweaty body. She planted her face against his inner left thigh and licked up his leg, smearing the mixture on her face onto his already wet skin. When she reached his groin, she stuffed one of her son's testicles into her mouth and swirled her tongue around it.
"GASP!Oh fuck M...mmmmmm!" Out of reflex, Simon had almost blurted out "Mom," but had caught himself at the last moment.
"Goddamn, these two are hot." The young man enjoying the show said. "You think you could do that for me?"
"Scoff!" The young woman had a twisted look on her face. "Go hairless like him and maybe we'll talk."
Sluuuurp. Pok!
Candice released her suction on Simon's sensitive nut and continued her journey up her son's lean sculpted figure. She licked his abs, paying close attention to the contours and dips that outlined his muscles. He began to breathe heavier, his chest rose higher and higher the further she climbed his body.
She's...she's going to do it. Right here. She's going to fuck me in front of complete strangers. Oh god, if they only knew we are mother and son. We'd be ruined. Hated. Freaks in their eyes, only concerned with fucking. I wonder, how would they react? Would they lash out? Defile us? My poor mother, they'd stuff her with their cocks and cum in her constantly. And me. Every disgusted woman would cum and piss all over my body. My hard cock would be obscene to them, they'd beat me off until every part of me was stained and reeked with the scent of my own cum.
"OH FUCK!" Simon reached behind his mother's head and clutched a handful of hair. "Fuck me! Please fuck me! I don't care who sees. Show them what a hot fucking piece of ass you are! And I'll show them I'm the biggest slut for you! I'll show them how much I love stuffing your pussy with my fat fucking cock!!" Simon was uncontrollable. The horrifying fantasy he crafted in his head degraded his self worth even more and increased his desire to be a mindless male slut. He felt as if his cock swelled in girth, his veins stung as they were pushed further outwards along the length of his shaft, and he bucked his hips in anticipation of his mother's watering quim.
"Holy shit!" The man shouted out, reacting to the male "performer's" dirty talk. And as the mature blonde slid up her cohort's body, she rubbed her dripping pussy up and down the length of his shaft, teasing him further and coaxing even more precum from his aching battering ram. Almost out of instinct, he began rubbing himself through his pants.
"Stop that!" The young woman said as she batted her date's hand away.
"Fine." He said disappointingly. "How 'bout a little something or later." The man pulled out his phone and promptly started recording the salacious couple.
Candice had just impaled herself on the first few inches of her son's glorious cock, when the door opened and another customer walked in. He was an older gentleman, graying hair, a little out of shape, and dressed in business casual attire. Upon seeing the sight in the middle of the store, he stopped abruptly and stared wide-eyed.
Oh god. More people are coming in. Last time I had sex in front of a group of strangers I completely lost control. Candice worried to herself.
"Hello, welcome." Nat greeted the older man. "I'm hosting something of a...promotional event."
"Holy hell!" He replied. "Been some time since I stopped in. I...uh, like what you've done with the place." Smiling and nodding at the black couple in the store, he noticed they were both filming the "planned" sex-show. Taking advantage of the situation, he decided to film the couple as well.
This is better than I expected, Nat thought. These two sex addicts are being punished for having sex in my store by being filmed by complete strangers.
Candice had her feet firmly planted on both sides of her son's waist. She arched her head and back far behind her, practically folding her torso in half, and supported her upper body by placing her hands firmly on Simon's ankles. The audience was captivated by her ability to morph her body around the devastatingly monstrous invader. Her pussy lips were easily parted and they appeared to slide down and suck in the phallic intruder.
"Oh fuck! You're going to split me wide open!" Candice shouted out, settling into her "performer" role. "Aaaaaah!You feel so good filling me up."
"No joke!" The young male onlooker blurted out. "You can see his dick pushing her stomach out."
"That's disgusting!" His date shrieked.
The older gentleman didn't comment, but everyone was quickly distracted when the door opened and another patron entered the store. He was a tall man in his late thirties with long brown hair pulled back. He had the same initial shocked reaction everyone else had when they had entered the store. Nat greeted him as well, with the same flimsy explanation, and before long he had pulled out his phone to capture the lustful couple.
"No! Please! Don't film us!" Candice cried out as she bounced uncontrollably on her son's cock. "Please, stop! It's too embarrassing! My cunt is getting wrecked on camera!"
After hearing his mother's cries, some twisted force took hold of Simon and he began thrusting his hips upward and slammed his body hard against his mother's.
WHACK! WHACK! WHACK!Simon swung his body upwards with such force, his balls slapped his mother's bare ass and caused ripples throughout her body.
Sweat glistened on Candice's chest as she sustained her son's onslaught. Her natural mature breasts were heaved from her body and swung wildly. "You're...you're...so strong. Please! Please...stop watching my fat tits bounce all over the place."
Candice soon had become the subject of many cheers by the onlookers.
"Look at her ass bounce!"
"Goddamn, what I'd give to fuck her tits."
"I can't believe how hard she's taking it."
"Yeah bitch! Cum all over his cock on camera!"
The longer the petite mature blonde got plowed, the more aroused the assembly became. Most of the men held their phones in one hand while rubbing themselves through their pants with the other. The young woman even slipped her right hand under her shirt and bra to massage her smooth ebony breasts. And Nat took it as far as removing her shirt and bra altogether revealing a toned stomach, and small yet extremely perky breasts with upturned nipples decorated with silver piercings.
I can't take much more of this. My son and I are on total display for these people. They're...they're...getting horny just watching us. They're turned on by my son and me. Turned on that his cock is changing the shape of my stomach with each thrust. I...I...I'm going to cum so hard!
Being filmed and degraded by complete strangers sent Candice into new heights of passion and lust. Her face turned redder and redder the harder she breathed. Droplets of sweat were flung from her body as she twitched and convulsed on the phallic forearm fisting her stretched out cunt.
"OH FUCK! PLEASE DON'T STOP! PLEASE DON'T STOP! I'MGONNACUM! I'MGONNACUM!" Candice shouted repeatedly. Her adoring fans thought it was part of her acting performance, but her sporadic movements and uncontrollable screaming were all natural reactions to her son's talents.
"CUM FOR ME! PLEASE CUM FOR ME!" Simon pleaded. "Tell me how to make you cum!"
"JUSTAAH!DON'TAAH!STOPAAH!FUCKING ME!" Candice yelled in response.
A second later, Simon felt the familiar and exciting sensations of his mother's pussy vibrating around his engorged pistoning cock. In anticipation of what was to come, he slid his hand under her buttocks.
"AAAAAAAAAHH! AAAAAH!HERE IT COMES! I'M CUMMING!"
Suddenly, blazing hot clear liquid shot from Candice's pussy like highly pressurized water bursting through a ship's hull.
PIIIIISSH!
"What the fuck!" The people filming jumped back in shock. Those who had gotten closer instinctively protected their phones and faces from the straying streams of spray.
"AAAAAAAHHH!OH GOD! I'M CUMMING SO HARD ON YOUR COCK!" Candice continued to shout as she writhed and bucked through her orgasm.
"Oh my god when you cum it's so hot!" Simon proclaimed. "Drench my fucking cock! Stain my body! Make me drink your sweet pussy cum!" Simon quickly lifted his mother's body high off his mammoth cannon and positioned her closer to his head so that the remaining shots would strike his chest and face. Even after countless opportunities to practice swallowing his mother's volume, it was still more than he could handle as excess pussy juice splashed out of his mouth and soaked him even more than her previous orgasm in the fitting room.
"Holy shit! She's gonna drown him!" One of the men said.
"Did you know women could squirt that much?" Someone else asked.
"That's disgusting. This bitch is a total freak." The young woman said.
Candice's bust doubled in size and quickly deflated as she forced herself to take deep breaths. Normally, she'd ride her high as long as possible, but seeing how she was vulnerable in public, and unsure what Nat would put them through next, she wanted her mental faculties back as quickly as possible. Simon simply laid comfortably on the floor propped up on his elbows, rested his mother on his chest, and swallowed a mouthful of squirt.
"That was fucking incredible!" Candice's newly acquired fans cheered.
"I've never seen anything like that." One man commented.
"Same. And I've seen a lot of crazy porn." Another admitted.
"That's all well and good," the young woman interrupted, "but some of us wanna see this bitch take a load of his cum all over her now."
Nat sashayed over to Candice, grabbed her knotted blond hair at the back of her head, and pulled Candice's head back to position her for a sensual lesbian kiss. There was a loudSMACKwhen their lips parted. "First rule of business 'cougar', give the customers what they want." She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her shorts and panties and slid them down over her slender legs. She even kicked off her flats as she stepped out of her clothes.
She's almost as good as Simon when it comes to undressing, Candice thought.
"I'm sure we can get him to cum much faster with two whores riding him." Nat declared confidently.
"I'm...I'm so close already.Hah! Hah!I'm not gonna last long." Simon explained as he tried to catch his breath.
"Good!." Nat scowled at Simon's weak attempt to avoid having to pleasure her. She kicked out his right elbow which caused him to collapse completely on the floor.
This won't do much to help my image, but I'm not letting him leave without getting my pussy wet. Nat thought to herself.
Nat then climbed on top of Simon's face and aggressively ground her slit against his face. The slick coating from the squirt bath provided Nat a frictionless surface to dominate the subservient male slut right in the middle of her own store.
Dammit. I'm not ready for this. I couldn't breath the entire time Mom flooded my face, I need more air before I can...wait, Simon went completely still as his lips parted and tasted Nat for the first time.What's this flavor? How can she taste this...incredible?
Simon wrapped his arms around Nat's legs and forced her down even harder. He tilted his head back to allow more of his tongue to slip inside Nat's tantalizing sex, not even caring his nose was pressing hard into her asshole.
"Mmmmm. You like that do you?" Nat closed her eyes and smiled as she felt the man beneath her try and savagely devour her. "I keep myself fresh, constantly. No funky smells or nasty tastes from my body." She licked her lips and continued to brag, "my body is so hot it can overload all five senses at once and give you a mind-breaking orgasm."
It's...it's true. Her taste, it's incredible. I could keep drinking her but it would never slake my lust. The skin on her thighs, it's like creamy silk, or velvet. She's drop-dead gorgeous, she smells like hot sex. Even the sound of her voice, it bore into my brain and I can't hear anything else. I...I can't deny her.
Nat opened her eyes and discovered Candice was just staring at her. "What? You think you're done? Get back on that pipe." She ordered. "And lean in. I want to molest those fat fucking tits while you play with my piercings."
"Y...yes. Anything you want." Candice responded weakly.
Nat's grin rivaled the Grinch's as she mashed her small, yet strong, hands into Candice's chest. She felt the soft flesh of Candice's large natural sweater meat squish and bulge between her fingers as she worked those globes like putty.
"Aaaaaaah!" Candice shrieked.She's...she's overpowering me so quickly. Her hands are so soft and tender, And the way she's working my breasts, it hurts...but feels soooo good at the same time.
Candice's mind was racing so much she nearly forgot her duty. She reached out and lightly caressed Nat's firm tits.I've never played with someone's pierced nipples before. I hope I don't hurt her. She maintained a sensitive pressure as she pinched Nat's nipples and rolled the silver jewelry with her thumbs. Her efforts did not impress.
"Hmmphf." Nat scoffed disappointingly. "Let's see if you're better with your mouth." Using the poor milf's breasts like rowing handles, Nat yanked Candice forward and forced the soft sweaty blonde's body against hers. "Now, suck on my nipple. Don't forget to bite it and flick it with your tongue."
Candice inhaled Nat's left breast and found it felt surprisingly good in her mouth. She used her tongue to crush Nat's nipple against the roof of her mouth. And every so often Candice would nibble on Nat and enjoy the sensation of cold metal on her tongue.
"Aaaaah!Yes! Now that's more like it." Nat responded.
Simon quickly fell victim to over-stimulation. His mother's pussy could already make him cum in no time, but add in the flavor and scent of a second sex-goddess, and he was in danger of losing himself completely and turning into a mindless sex doll.
"Whoa! What's with the bucking?" Nat questioned. It looked to her that Simon was trying to throw Candice off his pelvis.
"He...ah ah ah...must be ready...aaaaahh...to cum soon!" Candice answered.
"Quick, lean back. I wanna see him fuck you through your stomach again." Nat ordered.
Candice complied and leaned back enough to practically lay on Simon's legs. Candice wasn't very fit, but with so much strain on her abdomen, Nat could swear she could see defined ab muscles forced to the surface.
Nat grabbed Candice by her hips and gave Candice one long lick, from the top of her slit to her sternum. "God, I love watching long nasty donkey meat destroy cocky bitches."
Suddenly, Simon bucked so violently he nearly threw his mother completely off his cock, and would have thrown Nat off as well had she not shifted her grip and dug into Simon's sides.
"IT'S...IT'S TOO MUCH! I CAN'T HOLD IT BACK!" In a bench press motion, Simon had lifted Nat up off his face. "I'MGONNACUMI'MGONNACUMI'MGONNACUM!!"
SCHLUUURP POP!
Simon's cock popped out of its favorite home and swung upwards towards Nat's body.
"Sorry, but I'll be taking this." Nat selfishly declared as she grabbed the twitching cannon with both hands. "Now! Give me all that cream!"
"OH FUCK!! OH FUCK!! OH FUCK!!" Was the last warning Simon could muster.
SPURT!
A thick rope of jizz splashed against Nat's chin and splattered up her face.
SPUURT!
Another rope struck her throat and coated her neck.
SPUUURT!!
A third shot of cum blasted against her perky breasts.
"Oh shit! He's cumming everywhere!" It was at that point that Nat grabbed a hold of the active cannon and forced her mouth over the spouting head like a tight sleeve.
GLURK! GLURK!
Nat's eyes bulged as her throat swelled to accommodate the man meat pumping thick creamy globes of white spunk into her perfect body.
GLURK! GLURK!
Nat swallowed as much as she could, but the volume injected into her body was too much even for her thrill-seeking sexual appetite.
"GASP!Oh shit!Cough cough!Oh fuck!" The spewing cannon popped out of her mouth, and the last dregs of spunky cream weakly splatter her chest and quickly ran down her smooth toned stomach to pool at her naturally sweet perfumed pussy. Nat found her strength mysteriously sapped and found herself slipping off Simon's greasy sex-stained body.
On the heavily stained floor of a sex shop, three adult bodies lay helpless and exhausted. The proprietor of the shop scooped several palmfuls of creamy goo and drunkenly swallowed mouthful after mouthful. The mature blonde busied herself by fingering her cunt to draw out the last lingering streams of her own orgasm. The male squirt slut passed from his own ecstasy limits exceeded: his mother's cum saturated his body from the waist down, his face and neck with Nat's, and his chest and stomach with his own. The onlookers continued to film the cum-coated performers while yelling out obscene congratulatory comments.
Nat licked her lips slowly and smiled, "now that was fun."
***
Nat checked her phone again, she huffed and rolled her eyes when she read "3:00 AM" and plopped it back down on her nightstand. Her left hand returned to flicking her pierced nipples while her other hand continued to slide a well-lubed silicone dildo into her tiny sopping pussy.
Fuck. I'm still restless. This usually works by now.
Nat had been masturbating in her bed for some time, not enough to bring her to an orgasm, but just enough to lightly stimulate her. Usually, that small amount of attention allowed her to fall to sleep quite easily.
All I can think about, Nat closed her eyes and slowed the insertion of the dildo,is that poor woman bouncing on that guy's insane cock.
Vivid images of Candice, helplessly fucked by her slut-son, flooded Nat's memory. She remembered how the couples' bodies glistened, and how their sweat was flung from their faces when their bodies collided. She remembered how the fat of Candice's ass rippled with each impact, and how Simon's abs flexed and bulged as he slammed upwards to meet her body. She remembered the raw ferocity of the two lover's love-making; their faces contorted in delirious pleasure, how their fingers dug into each other's flesh, and the sickening volume of cum they produced.
Their cum, Nat thought as she bit her bottom lip.
Squirt and cum splashed her store floor. It ricocheted off their bodies and coated them in another thick layer of sexual filth.
Fucking cum was everywhere. I saw him wash his face and hair with her cum.
Nat grasped her left tit in her hand and gave it a firm squeeze.
God that was so much jizz. I thought my stomach was going to fucking burst. I have to admit, I have never been that full.
Nat smiled as she remembered her favorite part.She screamed as she took his cock in the middle of my store. She acted like she was embarrassed to be watched, but when that other couple came in, I swear it turned her on even more. She begged everyone not to film her, but she made the sluttiest faces whenever she looked at a camera. Fuck. It sent her over the edge.
Nat's eyes shot open and she ceased pleasuring herself. She effortlessly climbed out of her bed and went to her computer desk, where she logged into her surveillance server and pulled up the footage from earlier that evening. Nat sat there naked as she watched the real-life porno unfold in her store.
Look how excited she gets when she realizes she's being filmed.
Suddenly, Nat had an epiphany, she had been inspired with the most obvious and exciting idea.
THAT'S IT!
******
Author's Appreciation
Thank you for reading the sixth chapter of the Slut Son series. If you enjoyed this entry, and feel its warranted, please give this a favorite and/or a follow, and I hope you'll check back for future entries in this series.
If I wouldn't read it, I'm not gonna write it.-DomGuardi