It was a warm Saturday night and Emily was alone at home, with her parents out for a short trip during the weekend. Too lazy to cook, she had ordered pizza a few minutes ago and was just waiting for it to arrive.
Emily had an idea on how to spice up her tedious evening but she wasn't too sure about trying it out. "Well, maybe..." she thought as she got up from the couch. She went to her bathroom, took off all of her clothes and grabbed her towel. "What could possibly go wrong?"
Emily was a skinny twenty-year-old girl with a small build and a small ass. Her dark hair was long enough to cover her tiny tits and her thick rimmed glasses completed the view. "I wonder if the delivery guy will like what he sees," she wondered, caressing her newly shaved pussy.
Emily wrapped the pink towel around her body, purposely leaving it loose in a way that any sudden movement would make it fall. She waited anxiously for a few minutes, already becoming wet at the idea of showing off her body to a total stranger. Finally, the doorbell rang.
She slowly walked to the door, took a deep breath and opened it.
The delivery man was a tall, strong Latino guy who seemed to be in his late thirties. He hesitated for a moment upon laying his eyes on the girl. "Uh. It's..." his voice failed at the view of Emily wearing nothing but a towel around her slim body and a pair of glasses on her face. "Nineteen fifty," he completed, trying to concentrate on his job while a gorgeous Emily stood right in front of him.
"Oh, right! The money. Please, come in and leave the pizza on the counter while I get it for you, okay?" she invited him, smiling nicely.
Emily held her towel and went to her bedroom to pick up the money. She returned hurriedly and as she got right in front of him, her towel fell to the ground. The delivery guy initially looked away, but then slowly looked back at Emily. He stared at her young, beautiful body for a few moments. As she was standing, her hairless pussy was showing just a slit on the front.
"Oh, my!" Emily got down to pick up the towel, but she let it fall from her hands again twice before actually getting a hold of it.
Having her other hand busy with the money, she was incapable of wrapping the towel around her, resorting to holding it awkwardly near the side of her small boobs, in a way that left her soft, innie pussy on display.
"It's okay," the guy said, trying to make her comfortable.
He reached out for the towel to try helping her, but he was afraid to look like he was trying to touch her. In hesitation, he took the money from her hand and put it in his pocket, not taking his eyes out of her body for a second.
"Thank you. I believe there's change, right?" Emily asked, pretending awkwardness while trying to wrap the towel around her again.
"Of course!" he answered, "I almost forgot."
As he counted the change, Emily wrapped the towel back around her body, faking a smile.
When Emily tried to receive the money from his hands, she let the towel fall again.
"Oh, God. I'm so sorry," she said as she put the change on the countertop behind him, "I'm so awkward."
After a short pause, she completed with a smile, "Well, I guess you've seen it all, right? No point hiding it anymore."
Emily turned her back to him and bent to pick up the towel from the floor. As she did that, she felt his hands touching her back and moving down to meet her ass. She slowly picked her towel and got back up. He didn't stop, though: he kept going down until his fingers touched her already wet pussy.
Emily threw her towel on the table, turned back to him and said, smiling and teasing, "I believe you're done here, right? Is there anything else you need?"
The mere thought of exposing herself to a stranger could make Emily extremely horny and now that she was acting on it, she could barely hold herself.
The delivery man had no intentions to leave now that Emily let him see her naked. He came closer to her, put his arms behind her waist as if he was going to hug her and started caressing her ass with both his hands. He was much taller than Emily and the girl had to look up to face him.
He grabbed her ass and pushed her closer to him. Emily felt his hard, twitching cock pressing against her belly from inside his pants. She just couldn't hold it anymore. The man moved his right hand to her pussy and slowly used his fingers to open her labia, spreading her juices all over her pussy and using it to massage her clit.
"You're a dirty little whore, aren't you?" the guy whispered in Emily's ears as he made her bend over the counter, enjoying a full view of Emily from behind. She turned her face back to him, just in time to see him pulling his cock out. It was huge, and already dripping precum from watching Emily walking around naked.
"Oh my..." Emily said, out of breath. He slowly rubbed the head of his wet cock up and down on her pussy, answering her question. He kept doing this, going from her entrance to her clit, making Emily moan in pleasure. She moved her hips around, enjoying his cock.
He stopped and started pushing it inside her, stretching her pussy. Emily moaned as he entered her inch by inch, until she was completely filled. His dick was so huge he hadn't gone inside completely, but Emily was already feeling her cervix being pushed back.
The guy then spread her legs apart and held her hips from behind. He started pushing his cock deep inside her, and then pulling it back all the way out. He repeated this movement many times, making sure Emily would feel how long and thick his cock was inside her. She was moaning louder now and her legs started shaking with lust.
He grabbed her hair, pushed her head down on the surface of the counter and finally started fucking her faster from behind, his cock growing even thicker. Emily felt she was getting stretched like she had never been before, and started cumming. She moaned loudly for a long time while she had the most intense orgasm she had ever had.
Knowing she was done and still holding her hair, he pulled her head closer to his cock, forcing her to get on her knees. Emily knew what to do, and started sucking him eagerly, feeling the taste of her own pussy on his cock. Allowing this stranger to put his thick cock inside her mouth was making Emily even hornier. She put her hands down on her pussy and started masturbating.
He fucked her mouth like she was a dirty, cheap whore, pushing his cock down her throat with each thrust and making her glasses almost fall from her face. Emily's moans were interrupted in quick intervals, each time his cock blocked her throat. He started moaning, fastening his hands on Emily's hair. She felt his cock pulsating on her tongue, and soon enough she felt his warm jizz spreading inside her mouth. Emily was masturbating intensely now, and came as soon as she felt his cum fill her mouth. The man held her head in place as he came, and Emily had no choice but to swallow it all. When he was sure Emily had swallowed everything, he pushed his cock another few times inside and out of her mouth and simply said, "I'm done here."
He let go of her hair, put his cock back in his pants and left. Emily, still on the floor, enjoyed the left over cum in her mouth and continued to masturbate, fantasizing about the next time she would do that.