I felt guilty the morning after having sex with Tina's Mom Sophie. Especially since earlier that very same night, not only had I lost my virginity to Tina, but we also officially became a couple. I thought a lot about confessing to Tina what had happened with her mom, but I was afraid of how she would take it.
We hadn't even been on our first date yet. That thought distracted me from my guilt. Where should we go on our first date? I thought. I had never entered a relationship like this before. Typically, I had known my girlfriend for a while as a friend before I finally asked her out. That really helped with picking the date location because I already knew what she was into.
I had talked to Tina and her mom, but never actually gotten to any of their interests outside of sex. The only thing I had ever really heard Tina say that she liked, was porn and sex. A crazy idea suddenly came to mind. There was this old porn theater on Broad street. Amazingly it had survived from a time before the internet.
I immediately cast that idea aside though. One, because I thought that might be a little to sleazy, especially for our first date. Two, because I was still trying to get used to the idea of watching porn in the privacy of my own apartment. Let alone a public theater. But, maybe a sexy major release in a normal theater would work.
I looked up what movies were playing on my phone, and was disappointing when I saw most were cartoons and action movies. Nothing against those kinds of movies, I was just hoping to find something risque that Tina would like. Then I found it. At one of the smaller art house theaters there was an NC-17 movie showing.
I had never seen an NC-17 movie before, I hadn't even realized that they still made movies with that rating. It was called, "Rise of the Peaks." When I read the plot summary, I was amazed at my luck. It was a documentary of Tina's favorite porn star, Anna Bell Peaks, rise to popularity. I knew she would love this.
As soon as I got home from work, I showered, changed, and headed next door to see if she wanted to go. I knocked on her door and to say she was excited to see me, was an understatement. She was in her typical home attire, T-shirt and panties. She immediately launched herself at me and kissed me. I kissed back and slid my hands down to her butt, as she pulled me inside.
It took me a second to remember why I was here. I pulled back from the kiss and asked, "Sorry, I wanted to ask you a question."
Tina smiled and said, "I think I already answered your question." Then she pulled off her top, letting loose her amazing breasts. They actually giggled after being freed.
"No," I blushed, "I mean, do you want to go out on a date tonight?"
"Wow, most guys just want me for sex. You actually want to get to know me?"
"Yes. You seem really sweet and funny. And as amazing as sex is with you, I'd actually like to get to know you deeper."
Tina pressed her cheek to my chest and hugged me. "I would love too." Her cheek wasn't the only thing I could feel pressing into me though. Her nipples were so hard that I could fell them pressing into me through my shirt. Which made me hard as well. "Do you mind if we have a quicky before we go though?"
I couldn't turn that down. "Of course."
"Great." Tina turned to walk back to her bedroom, stripping off her panties along the way. "One rule though, there are no clothes aloud in my bedroom."
She disappeared through her doorway and I nearly tripped trying to pull off my clothes on the way to her room. I was completely naked as I crossed the threshold. She was laying on her bed with her legs spread wide. I closed the door and dove tongue first into her pussy.
I had her cumming after only a few minutes. Then I kissed my way up to her breasts, sucking on each one, making sure neither felt neglected. I kissed my way up her chest, neck, cheek, before finally settling on her mouth. With only two days practice, I already felt like I was getting the hang of things as I slid into her smoothly. It's like her pussy was perfectly shaped for my shaft.
I pumped two times before I had a sudden realization. I stayed inside her but pulled my mouth away.
"What's wrong?" She asked.
"Shouldn't I be wearing a condom or something?"
Tina rolled her eyes. "Shut up and screw me, I don't have long before my mom gets home." Her words were rough, but her eyes told me she was kidding. That was all the affirmation I needed. Our love making became frantic, and Tina was screaming as her orgasm began to build.
Everything came to a halt when there was a knock on her bedroom door. We both froze. "Tina?' It was her mom. "I don't mean to interrupt you masturbating..."
"Mom!" Tina yelled in embarrassment.
"Calm down, it's not like we haven't talked about sex before." Tina looked up at me and rolled her eyes. "I just wanted to know if you wanted me to start cooking dinner?"
Something playfully mean rose up in me that I had never experienced before, as I started pumping in and out of her again. Tina was about to answer when the pleasure of my movement made her bite her tongue so that she didn't cry out. She playfully slapped my chest with the back of her fingers.
Tina put her hands to her chest as she tried to focus and even out her breathing. "No, thank you. Tim and I are going out tonight."
"Oh" That's great. Where are you two going?"
Tina rolled her eyes at the continued questioning, and then bit her lip as she accidentally started to let out a moan. "Where are we going?" She whispered to me.
I leaned down, put my lips to her ear and whispered, "Dinner and a movie." The warm breath on her ear pushed her over the edge. I felt the goosebumps materialize on her arms as she spasmed around my member.
Her response to her mom as she was mid orgasm came out strained and a little hoarse. "Dinner and a movie."
"That sounds fun. What are you going to see?"
Tina must have already been building to another orgasm because she finally snapped. "Mom, I'm kind of in the middle of something that requires some focus."
"Alright. Sorry. I'll talk to you latter."
Tina playfully bit my shoulder, and was opening her mouth to scold me, but nothing came out as she was rolling into another orgasm. After another five minutes of slow quiet sex, so that her mom wouldn't hear, Tina came three more times before I finally came inside her again.
We laid on the bed breathing heavily, enjoying the afterglow when I suddenly realized something. "My clothes are out there. How am I supposed to get them and get out without your mom seeing me?"
Tina looked around in thought. "I'll go out first and try to distract her while you grab your clothes and sneak out."
Tina threw on a new t shirt and panties and stepped out. I listened until I heard Tina find her mom in the kitchen. "I'm sorry for snapping at you, I'm just nervous about tonight."
When I heard Sophie's voice I crept out and started hunting for my clothes. "It's OK, I understand. You're father always gave me the same kind of butterflies."
I found my boxers and pulled them on. Thankfully, everything was in a fairly straight line to the front door. I was reaching down for my shirt when I heard the voices coming closer. I had no time to get dressed, and no place to hide. Without thinking I grabbed my clothes and bolted out the door wearing nothing but my boxers.
The problem was that Isabella, our Hispanic maintenance lady, was walking by at that exact moment. Her eyes went wide, but then a pleasant expression washed across her face as her eyes wandered down my body.
"Isabella!" I whispered, "I'm so sorry, please don't tell anyone you saw me like this."
A devious expression came across Isabella's face. "Sure, but you have to do something for me."
"Anything, name it."
"Let me suck your..."
"What?" I asked a little too loud.
Isabella pushed me gently against Sophie and Tina's door. "You heard me." Isabella whispered. "Not many people know this about me, but I have some fetish's that I don't get to act on very often. Like exhibitionism." Isabella began kissing down my chest and abs. "You wouldn't believe how many guys either refuse to perform outdoors, or they can't. The question is, which are you?"
"I can't do this, I have a girlfriend now."
"And how would your girlfriend feel about you screwing her mom?"
"How did you know about that?"
Her tongue was tracing my boxer line now. "I didn't for sure, until now. I mean I saw you two in the fitness center from the security camera's." Isabella began unbuttoning her shirt to reveal her beautifully tanned orange sized breasts. "Boy, did I squirt from that. I just wish I could have seen what you two did in the bathroom, or in your apartment last night."
Isabella's descriptors made my boxers start to tent up. "Please, I can't do this."
An irritated look came across her face. She held a hand up like she was about to knock on Tina's door. "We could ask her permission first if you want."
"No, fine, just do it then."
"That's a good boy." She said as she pulled my boxers down to my ankles. The sudden cool air on my shaft and balls was a sudden thrill that I had never experienced before. Not to mention the fact that it was 5:00 in the afternoon and people would be getting home from work any time now. We were fully exposed to the parking lot. "One last thing. Don't cum in my mouth. Cum on my face and tits. Part of the thrill of doing this out in the open is walking away covered in cum and watching people try not to ask me about it."
And with that she consumed me. She wasn't as good as Sophie or Tina, but she was good. That combined with the thrill of being out in the open like this meant that I wasn't going to last long. In less than a minute, I was tapping her on the shoulder to let her know that I was about to cum.
She pulled off and jerked me the rest of the way. Up to this point, my ejaculations had all been contained by a mouth, pussy, or at least a tissue. This time I finally got to see how much power was behind it. The answer, a lot.
Five or six thick strings sprayed across her face, and about four or five more landed on her chest and tits. When I finished, She buttoned her shirt back up and took my boxers. "These are mine now. Think of them as a memento."
Then she stood, and the pleasant smile that I typically saw on her face reappeared. "Have a nice day." She was back to her normal self, except for the cum still covering her face and chest. She turned and walked away. I turned and quickly got inside my apartment before anyone else could see me naked.
A couple hours later, I was showered dressed, and standing at Tina's door again. I felt guilty about what happened with Isabella, but I wasn't sure if I should broach the topic. All thoughts of Isabella disappeared when Tina opened her door wearing a short flared black skirt and a flowy v-neck tank top. If her mom hadn't been on the couch behind her, I'm not sure what we would have done.
Tina kissed me, said bye to her mom, and laced her arm through mine as we walked to my car. I opened her door for her, and she stepped in, not worrying about the shortness of her skirt. By this point, I was guessing she was intentionally playing with me. The brief snapshot I saw was a simple pair of black lacy panties.
"My word, what a gentlemen." Tina feigned a southern belle accent. Oddly, that nearly got me just as aroused as the panties.
"I got in and started up the car. "I have to warn you, I've been having some issues with my car lately."
"Oh, yea, what's wrong with it?"
"I'm not sure, I don't know cars that well. But, when I get above forty, the entire car starts to vibrate like it's running over a rumble strip."
"Vibrate, you say?" Tina asked with a mischievous grin on her face.
"Yea, and the faster I go, the more it vibrates. I've been trying to avoid the interstate because of that."
Tina seemed to think about that for a second. As if unrelated she asked, "Do you mind if we go to Basil Italiano on South Main for dinner?"
I pictured how to get there in my mind. "Are you sure? That's all the way on the south side of the city. If we don't take the interstate, then we'll be driving for nearly an hour."
"By all means take the interstate then. I don't mind a little vibration."
"Alright, but don't say I didn't warn you." I was still a bit on the clueless side at this point.
So we started driving, and sure enough, as soon as we pulled out of our apartment complex, the car started vibrating. On our way to the interstate we started talking about small things, like our favorite movies. We actually had a lot in common as far as movies go. Although, she did seem to zone out periodically. She even closed her eyes at the moment.
I didn't understand what was going on at first. I was actually starting to worry that she wasn't that interested in the conversation. Shortly after we turned onto the interstate, I finally realized her motives. The faster I went, the stronger the vibration got, and the shallower Tina's breath got. Then she started moaning. I can be thick sometimes, but not that thick.
All conversation ceased, and I just watched her climax out of the corner of my eye. As she came down from the first orgasm, I started pushing harder on the speed limit. In essence, turning up the vibrations. She slid right into the next building orgasm. Instead of taking the exit for the restaurant, I followed the loop of our highway.
Every time Tina climaxed, I increased my speed by ten miles per hour. Each orgasm was louder and more intense than the previous one. She was pinching her nipples through her shirt and I could smell her wet panties. Right about the time she had her fifth orgasm, I saw blue lights behind me.
"Shoot!" I started to pull over. I had been inching around 100 miles per hour. I'd be lucky if I didn't go to jail.
"Let me do the talking." Tina said.
The officer stepped up and I rolled the window down. "Licence and registration, please?"
As I was reaching for my id, Tina spoke up. "I'm sorry officer. Tim here knows that speed turns me on, and we got a little carried away. See how wet I am?"
Tina pivoted her body so that we could both see her drenched panties. The officer froze and was speechless. "If you want, you can have my soaked underwear for evidence." Tina pulled her seat belt off and raised her hips. She hiked her skirt up and slid the wet panties off showing us her beautiful shaved pussy. The officer was so stunned, that she simply took them.
I was even more stunned by the fact that this was working on a female officer. She started to bring them to her nose, but then realized we were watching her, and she quickly tucked them away in her pocket. "I might be able to let you go with a warning this time... Sir, is that a concealed weapon?"
Tina laughed, "No, that's his erection, do you want to see it?" Tina flashed the officer a conspiratorial look. "I'm sure Tim would consent to a strip search."
I gave Tina a stern look asking her what she was doing. But then the officer surprised me and said, "I think I may need to. Sir, please step out of the car."
I was terrified, but I was not about to disobey a cop. So, I stepped out and we walked back to the curb side of her car. She began going through the whole script asking if I had any kind of contraband on me. I answered "No," and she began stripping me right their on the side of the highway.
I wanted to protest, but I couldn't speak. Finally, when I was down to my underwear, the officer got to her knees and pulled my boxers down. My erection nearly slapped her in the face. She smiled and looked at it admiringly, before sucking it into her mouth.
"Ma'am. I'm sorry I was speeding, but that's my girlfriend in the car, I can't cheat on her."
The officer pulled back and looked up at me. "You and your girlfriend got me all hot and bothered. So, either you're going to give me an orgasm, she is, or you're both going to jail."
Then I heard Tina's voice call back from the car. "Let him go down on you, he's really good at that."
The officer smiled at that bit of news. "That sounds like a good idea actually." She stood, unbuckled her pants, and let them slide down. Her panties were the normal everyday kind, but I didn't have much time to see them before they were off as well. She placed her hands on my shoulders and pushed me to my knees. I hesitated, but she wasn't having any of that. she shoved my face hard into her lips.
I was afraid to resist, so I started licking for all that I was worth. I toyed with her clit and used every trick I had been taught. She started grinding into my face. She was moaning and her legs appeared to be getting wobbly. "Stick your finger in my butt"
I pulled away in disgust. "What?"
"Just do it!" She snapped as she shoved my face back into her pussy.
I reached around and groped her glutes. Despite the fact that her butt did feel amazing, I still didn't want my finger in it. Irritated with my lack of compliance, the officer took my right finger and shoved it in herself. She came instantly.
I sat there and felt dirty, I felt like had betrayed Tina again. "Can I go now?"
"No, that was just to get me warmed up." She said as she unbuttoned her shirt and stripped it off. She then pulled off her sports bra and made me suck on her nipples. I can't say that I didn't enjoy that, but they still weren't Tina's or Sophie's.
After a minute of that she bent over the hood of her squad car and beckoned me forward. "Make me cum one more time and you can go." I looked at Tina who was watching everything intently. Well, if she was fine with it, then I might as well enjoy it. I thought.
I stepped forward and taped her clit with my tip. That sent a shiver down her spine. I lined up, and inched in slowly. Once I was fully in, I pulled back out just as slow. "I'm not the kind of person who likes teasing said the officer. I want it hard and rough."
If that's how she wants it I thought. I grabbed a hold of her hips, and slammed home hard. She let out a pleasured scream as I pumped roughly in and out of her. I was so involved with what I was doing, that I didn't notice Tina step up beside me until she started kissing me.
Tina smiled and said, "Best date ever."
Then she did something that worried me, she held up the officers night stick. "What are you going to do with that?" I asked.
"You'll see." Then she bent down, spread the officers butt cheeks and began licking her hole.
Surprisingly, the officer seemed to like it. "Oooooohhhh, Yeeeeeesssss!" She moaned. "Lick it, lick it, lick it."
But then she stopped licking and pulled away. She placed the tip of the nightstick against her hole, and that was when I realized what she was doing. "Stop," I whispered, "Do you want to get us arrested?"
She ignored me though, and slid it in. She buried it four inches deep. The officer was instantly screaming and convulsing in pleasure. I felt her squirting around my shaft, and that was getting me close. I reached around and took her left breast in my left hand, and reached under Tina's shirt and played with her right nipple. That was all I needed, my balls contracted and filled the officer with my seed until it started spilling out of her pussy.
I stumbled backward, tired from the exertion, and Tina cleaned me up with her mouth. The officer continued to lay there, the baton sticking out of her butt. "That..." She said between gasps, "Was amazing."
The officer let us go, but gave us her card in case we wanted to speed again, or doing something even more fun.
As we drove off, I said, "That was really risky what we did."
"No, that was kind of risky what I did. By the time it got to your part, she was ordering you to obey."
"How did you know she was bi?"
"I didn't, and honestly, I'm not really sure if she was. But it's like what I said about lesbian porn. Women are super empathetic to other women's orgasms. I got her to think about the kind of orgasm she could have. She kind of took it from there."
Something else was bothering me about this whole situation. It also reminded me of what happened with Isabella and Sophie. "You encouraged me to have sex with the cop." I waited for a response, but Tina said nothing. "Isn't that being unfaithful to our relationship?"
Tina's eyes went wide when she realized my problem. "I see where you're confused. We have different perspectives on sex. You're very traditional with ideas of monogamy. I'm not. I see sex as a fun activity to do with people. Think about it this way, having sex with someone to me, is like going to see a movie with a friend. You are both going to enjoy something together."
"So, you might have sex with other people while we are dating?"
"Yes, but you are welcome to do the same thing. Is that going to be a problem?"
I felt a weird contradiction inside. There was a part of me that clung to the values I grew up with, but there was another part of me that was really excited by the kind of freedom Tina was introducing me to. "I don't think so. I mean, it feels weird, but this idea sounds really exciting to me. I think I just need time to get used to this."
"Great! Because I was hoping we could have a threesome at some point." I nearly ran off the road when she said that. Once I regained control of the vehicle Tina began laughing wildly at my reaction.
Conversation moved to tamer topics for the rest of the car ride. When we pulled up to the restaurant, I came around and opened her door for her. This time what she flashed me was much more scandalous than panties.
Tina asked for a booth in a dark corner. I was finally starting to notice when Tina had naughty ideas on her mind. Our waitress didn't help things, depending on your perspective. She was a middle aged brunette with breasts that rivaled Sophie's. She also liked to show them off with her low cut red t-shirt that showed miles of cleavage.
While I tried desperately to keep my eyes up, Tina's first words were, "Nice Tits." I wasn't sure who was more embarrassed, me or Carol, the waitress.
"Umm. Thank you. I guess. Can I get you something to drink?"
"I'll have a glass of wine, and my boyfriend would like milk straight from the tap." Tina joked as she pointed at the waitresses tits.
Carol folded her arms over her chest and asked, "Ma'am, would you stop talking about my breasts, please? You're making me feel uncomfortable."
"Oh. I'm sorry, I tend to always speak my mind, and your breasts really are quiet lovely."
"Thanks, but they tend to just embarrass me. They are really hard to cover and control."
"Why would you want to cover them? If I had breasts like yours, I'd be showing them off everywhere. Heck, I tend to show mine off anyways."
Carol wasn't sure what to say to that. "Sir, a drink?"
"Water, please, thanks." the waitress nodded and walked away.
"You're just all kinds of horny tonight aren't you?" I asked Tina.
"I'm always this horny. You just haven't seen me in public before."
I don't know why, but I felt this was a good time to broach the topic of what happened with Isabella. If what she said in the car was true, then she wouldn't have an issue with what happened.
"Remember how you told me that you believed in being sexually free?"
Tina smiled. "You mean the conversation we had not 10 minutes ago in the car."
I smiled at my awkward start, and continued. "Well, there was something that I wanted to tell you about. I was feeling guilty about it." The waitress interrupted my confession with our drink orders. We placed our food orders and she left.
Tina cuddled up next to me in the booth and wrapped her arms around my bicep. "You were saying?"
"Right." Then I proceeded to explain what happened with Isabella that afternoon. But she kept interrupting me asking for more details. That was when I noticed her smooth thighs were clenched together and she was squirming. She was getting aroused by my story.
I was sure she wasn't going to get angry now, so I played up my shy nervous virgin role and Isabella's vixen nature in the story. She was eating it up as she stared glassily up into my eyes. That was when I decided to push more into her world.
As I continued to trump up the story, I slid my hand down to her knee. She glanced down at my hand and smiled. I slowly slid my hand up between her legs before finally reaching her clit. Her legs parted, welcoming it with open thighs.
I toyed with her clit and she moaned quietly. Tina then began to drop tender kisses on my neck, which made it harder for me to focus on the story. Then I curled my middle finger inside her and she gasped, right before attacking my mouth.
Story time was over. From what anyone else could see in the dim light, we were simply making out. Under the table though, my hand was getting soaked. Suddenly, I felt her body tense up and about a cup of squirt drenched my hand.
Once Tina caught her breathe, we realized our food had arrived. "I think I should go to the bathroom and clean up." She said.
Tina stood and walked to the bathroom. I saw a dark stain on the back of her skirt, which got me even more turned on. A few seconds later, I realized that I hadn't washed my hands yet. Not that I minded Tina's juices, but I always washed my hands before eating.
I got up and turned down the same back hall that Tina went down. I ducked into the men's room and washed my hands. As I stepped out, I nearly ran into Tina. I smiled, took her hand, and went to lead us back to the table, but she pulled me to a stop.
I looked back confused. "What's wrong?"
"Carol is out back, and shes upset."
"What happened?"
"I'm not sure, she won't talk to me. I think I might have made her too uncomfortable with my talk about her tits. Could you go and check on her?"
"But, I don't even know her."
"I know. But she looks really sad and lonely. I intimately know how that feels, and I can't stand to see others in that state."
Despite how uncomfortable it made me to talk to someone I didn't know about their problems. I did it for Tina. She went back to our table, and I stepped out the back door into an alley way.
Carol was leaning against a wall crying. She looked over and saw me. "Great, first your girlfriend, and now you. Can't a girl cry in peace."
"I'm sorry, Tina was really worried about you and she asked me to check on you because you wouldn't talk to her."
"Yea, right. Like that slut cares about anyone but herself." Before I could come to Tina's defense, Carol calmed down and apologized. "I'm sorry. I don't know anything about her. I'm sure she's really nice."
"She is actually. She sent me out here to talk to you because she's know's what it's like to feel lonely. Her dad died when she was young, and so many of the men she has dated simply wanted her for her body."
"And what about you? Are you so different from all of those other guys. I'm not stupid, I know where your finger was."
I felt embarrassed that she knew. "What you don't understand, is that she has helped me overcome so many of my sexual hangups. I was a virgin up until yesterday. Yes, she is very free with her sexuality, but that is what I needed. She actually cares about everyone she meets. That's the only reason I'm out here. I want to be as open and loving as she is."
I waited a long moment for her to speak next. "My boyfriend just broke up with me tonight. Seeing you two together made me miss him." She broke down into sobs, and my natural instinct was to hold her and let her cry into my chest. She wrapped her arms around my torso.
Several minutes later, she calmed down. "Truth be told," she looked up into my eyes, "you two made me super horny, and I'm in no state to even try to pick up a guy right now."
I gently brushed Carols hair away from her face. That's when I realized why Tina sent me out here. I leaned in and kissed Carol on the lips. She kissed back at first, but then quickly pulled away.
"What are you doing? You're girlfriends inside."
"I think this is why she sent me out here. She sensed you had a need that she couldn't fill. I'm sure if she believed that you had the slightest inkling towards women, she would have offered herself to you."
Carol's eyes searched mine for the slightest bit of deception, and found none. "You're sure she would be OK with this?"
"Believe it our not, she told me just tonight that she doesn't believe in monogamy."
"And how does that make you feel?"
"Awkward, at first, but then I realized the freedom there is in that. We can have sex with anyone we want. No baggage. Just pleasure."
Three heartbeats passed before Carol started kissing me again. I kissed back and my hands traced up and down her sides, before forcing her back against the brick wall. My hands slide down to her legs and pushed her black skirt up. Her hands moved between us and unzipped my pants before fishing my penis out.
I pulled her panties to the side and entered her. Never once did we break our kiss. I pumped in and out of her, pinning her to the wall. She wrapped her legs around me. We started having trouble breathing so we broke the kiss.
My hands took the bottom him of her shirt and lifted it above her breasts. She was wearing a no frills white bra. I pulled the cups down and began sucking on her nipples. Her labored breath pushed me harder and faster. Our pace increased, and our grunts and moans grew faster and louder.
My hands replaced my mouth on her nipples, and I nuzzled her face with my own. Our orgasms seemed to build at the same pace. Right as I was about to pull out, so that I didn't cum inside of her, she clenched her legs to pull me in deeper. We climaxed at the same time.
I found it hard to worry about the possibility of getting her pregnant in that moment. We stood there and held each other until I went limp and fell out of her. "Do you feel better now?" I asked.
She laughed and said, "You're girlfriends a very lucky woman. Thank you."
"I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy it myself." We both laughed and made ourselves presentable again. "By the way, Tina was right. Your breasts are gorgeous."
Carol smiled, and then seemed to ponder something for a second. Finally, she pulled her shirt off, undid her bra and handed it to me, before replacing her shirt. "A memento."
I went back inside and told Tina everything. She didn't believe me at first, but then I showed her the bra. About that time, Carol walked up. "Is this really your's?"
In answer, Carol flashed us. Tina burst out laughing and Carol had to pull her shirt back down quickly before someone saw. "You were right. I shouldn't be ashamed of my body. And thank you for lending him out to me. I really needed that. My ex was pathetic in the bedroom, so I hadn't had a good orgasm in a while."
We chatted for a while longer, but needed to get going if we were going to catch the movie. So, we said our goodbyes, paid, and left.
To be continued.