Newly edited and proofed as of 10/22 so there should be fewer mistakes. I ran it through Grammarly, and also made some changes in the story hopefully making it a better read. It is a sequel to the story, Jaci & Bill, Naked on the Hill. It would help especially with the characters, and situation that led to this second trip to the cabin if you read, Jaci & Bill, Naked on the Hill. Pt 1. I also have a couple of paragraphs below to bring you up to speed.
Naked on the hill stories take place at Jaci & Bill's cabin, it's located at a lake and on a hill, overlooking other cabins below it. They were only aware of a couple of other cabins that are close enough to have a somewhat clear view of them when outside. Because of this, they got naked there one evening when their children were at their grandparents'. They found it was a thrill getting nude and making love under the stars. Things heated up for them when they discovered a couple below them had similar ideas and would display their bodies and some of their sexual activities as well.
After that night, Bill came up with the idea of spending whole weekends naked. The idea was not intended to explore the nudism lifestyle per se. It was to be when it was only the two of them, as their cabin was not in view of many of the others. The intention was that being naked like that had to help put a spark in their sex life. How could they spend all that time in the cabin that way without making love? The next weekend they were there, they deliberately set things up outside to let the couple below not just see them naked closer up, but let them watch as they fucked in the field close to their cabin. That experience, the thrill of the exhibitionism, did cause an uptick in their sex lives even while back at home.
Then an exception to the rule of it being only when it was the two of them alone was made. It was when Jaci invited her friend Pati one weekend to help her get out of a bout of post-divorce depression. Jaci pulled Bill's swim trunks off of him and he was then the NM in a CFNM. Jaci started sucking Bill's cock, then encouraged her friend to at least lose her top with them. That was just the start, as once they got naked, she did too. Later that evening she gave in and joined them in not only shedding the rest of her clothes, but she fucked Bill as well.
_____________________________________________
This story is about what happens when they allow Pati to participate in yet another weekend with them, this time with her own man to fuck, her new 19-year-old Boy Toy, Brian.
Jaci had set up a weekend at our cabin with Pati and a date, and I was concerned about us straying away from the purpose of having these weekends. I have had a Platonic-type love for her friend Pati for years, but having her there the last time was supposed to be a one-time thing and to serve a specific purpose. Being the only male on the last weekend turned out to be very enjoyable for me and achieved the goal that Jaci had set. On that weekend, my wife in desperation to pull her friend out of her depression encouraged me to make love to her beautiful but very reluctant friend Pati. The goal was reached and helped her get her life back on track. I fear that this weekend will serve no real purpose, and is more based on Jaci's excitement about meeting the young man Pati seems to be so smitten with, and she is anxious to see in the raw.
I was not against the possibility of seeing her friend Pati nude again. I was also sure if it happened, watching them fucking, or even us fucking in front of them could be a turn-on for all of us. What I was afraid of is my jealousy, if this young stud took a liking to my beautiful Jaci, or I guess even more so if she became infatuated with him like her friend. We would all surely be under the influence of pot, and or alcohol. I was just not sure what she had in mind, and if the competitive nature, that has existed in their friendship had anything to do with the invitation. I felt a little apprehensive about the whole setup, as when I first heard about it, and gave her the OK, she was a little short on the details.
Pati is the one that apparently developed a new obsession with exhibitionism after this first weekend with us. This is ironic considering the fact that Jaci had so much trouble even getting her to shed her top in front of me on the last visit. She got a taste that weekend though, that being her first getting naked around a campfire with me, which led to her and me fucking in front of Jaci. It was not my doing, but also not something I fought against. Something I can't now make myself regret, nor can I keep myself from secretly hoping might happen again sometime, but I know better, the risk of it hurting our marriage is not worth it.
I will have to say, Jaci pushing the issue with her friend, helped to not just pull her from her shell. It also caused her to want to recruit this young man to both fulfill her sexual needs and help her explore her exhibitionist side. Now, she had a partner in crime.
One thing that had me concerned is that Pati said young Brian was reluctant to come until she showed him some old photos of the two of them. He claimed they showed that Jaci was just as hot, and ornery as Pati, and that assured him it would be a fun weekend. The two of them had taken ornery to the limit in these photos. I had seen the one he had seen, at least I hoped it was that one. In that one, they claimed they were just topless, but in truth were posing nude. They justified it by saying they were young and crazy like most girls are at that age. The photos were taken by a friend of theirs, she never told me at the time if the friend was male or female. It was her and Pati, who is several months younger than Jaci, and it was on her, Pati's, 18th birthday. They claimed they were celebrating them now both being legal and able to date guys older than them.
They claim they were just doing what barely legal teens might do, but maybe they took it too far, as it along with one of the other photos I saw was extreme. The one she probably had shown him was the one they called just topless. But they were absent of any real clothing, the only thing covered was their pussy, and it had one of those round yellow, Happy Faces! Probably homemade, they looked like it. Yes, it was crude and small, and I mean they were barely covering their young trimmed pussies with it. Those young perky teen breasts of both of them were the feature though, nipples and all. I have to confess, It gives me a hardon just thinking about how hot the two of them looked. It was then that I first thought about what it might be like to have Pati.
The other photo, in their young teen minds I am sure they thought was cute, and I guess maybe funny at their age. It was a side/rear shot so it did not show as much of them, but was clearly more obscene. They were nude in this one as well, and bending over, and they claim just pretending to suck an unknown hard cock, on an unknown naked male. The guy was hung, and they claimed they recruited him and talked him into it because of his large endowment. The thought was that such a large hard cock would make it funnier to their friends, but not to their parents if they had seen it for sure. His cock was being held by each of them, it was huge, and there was still room for another hand on his shaft.
The photo was of them bending down in front of him, well, in front of his cock, it did not show anything of him but from his chest to his knees. Their heads were turned enough to easily reveal their identities, their tongues touching his knob. It did not show much of their breasts, just side boob, and one nipple. But it surprised me they kept it back then, as it featured, and made their asses look huge, much bigger than they ever were. Even some of their young bushes were showing between their legs.
I guess by their thinking it was intended to be a fun way of showing that they were legal now to their friends. Young minds think differently, I did crazy shit back then too, just not nude. I guess her now being my wife, and mother of my children, I don't want to think of her being like some of the girls I dated at that age. I knew I did not marry a virgin of course, and we were fuck buddies before marriage. I guess I just don't want to think about her blowing and fucking guys at 18. At least the photos were Polaroid, so no negatives were out there, and the photos themselves tend to start to fade after a few years.
I had only seen the photos once or twice, years back, as Pati ended up with custody of them. I did have a good time questioning Jaci and her when I did. I fucked with them telling them they had to have sucked his dick. I told them I would not have shown my even bigger dick like that without a promise of a blowjob. Joking, of course, I wish I was that big!
I added that once you have a hold of a guy's dick, and put your tongue on it, you have to do something with him. First, they tried to tell me he was gay, but I got it out of Jaci while alone.
She finally confessed, "Well, we were dumb kids and were celebrating both being legal. Pati was so different back then before marriage and kids, we both were extremely wild for a while. You are right we were pressured by the model, he was older and smarter, and he wanted to fuck both of us. By the way, you are big, but not in his league, we could not help wanting to try a cock that large."
He pressured us, and our photographer was no match for him physically and could say nothing. He was Pati's boyfriend at the time and should have intervened. Our model settled for Pati sucking his cock in front of me and her boyfriend, I guess it was kind of a sick dude for that. I was then the one that fucked him, he was not that good, just wanted his rocks off.
I told you we were young and dumb. Truth was, I don't think either one of us did it against our will, I didn't. I was not a virgin but had never been with someone older and that hung. Pati, I think she liked the idea of doing this in front of her boyfriend to make him jealous. She took him just short of a cumshot, before I fucked him, and yes, right there in the same room with Pati, our friend, and her boyfriend the photographer, still taking more photos.
You never got to see those photos, nor did I, she swears she has shown them to no one and would tear them up. It would be a lie to say it was not a thrill to be watched by my BFF and male friend with his flash going off. Knowing that I was being photographed having sex was new, and I was anxious to see them. I remember thinking later that maybe he kept some of those photos of me and Pati to jerk off to.
I guess to us at the time, our having sex in the same room recorded on Polaroids was the icing on Pati's birthday cake! Yes, we were in our slut years then, and trying to outdo each other."
I followed it up with, you're telling me the friend that took the photos was not involved in any of the sex?
She replied to that after putting more pressure on her, and more wine. "OK, but keep in mind that like tonight, we had some of my parents' wine during this event. I was buzzed, Pati left, and he and I were all alone then. We finished off the bottle of wine. He had a perpetual boner from seeing us nude, and then Pati suck our model's cock, followed by me fuckIng him.
After all that, him seeing me naked and fucking, I wanted to see his body and cock too. Well, you were that age once, it can't surprise you that he and I ended up spending the rest of the night together. He was the first guy I fucked at home in my bed, and let stay the night. Pati had passed out from the wine, and as far as I know, never found out about me and her then-boyfriend fucking, and I want to keep it that way.
I would not call us sluts back then, but things got out of hand at times with us, that was one of them. I still have some desire to fuck someone new, you enjoyed Pati, so you know that marriage does not take that away. But since we got together, I am been happy with just your big cock."
The photo was not the real issue though. To me, it was the likelihood that his seeing my wife naked when she was his age that made him decide to come and check her out to see if she was as fit as Pati. Who knows what all Pati told him, he might be expecting more than just a viewing of her. Despite me having a thing for Pati for a long time, Jaci did then and still has the best figure and looks of the two. I did not doubt he would be hot for her, and that kind of turned me on thinking a younger man would want my hot wife.
I know at his age, I would have fucked the women they still are. They both were always competitive as far as their waist and bust size, and still are. I guess it keeps them fit, I have heard Jaci giving Pati her measurements on the phone if she had just lost a pound or two. But never heard them talk about men they work with, I think they both settled down after marriage. Pati sure seemed to be the last time she came here, but what happened that weekend seemed to open her up big time.
We were lucky to have another free weekend without our children, grandparents are great. In Pati's case, her ex-husband had finally started to exercise his visitation rights and promised to have theirs for the whole weekend. The plan was for us to meet the two of them there. We were already there and walking around enjoying being naked and waiting for Pati who was to get there before Brian. The phone rang and it was her, she was pissed, as her husband was a no-show picking up the kids. He was not returning her calls, she said she would try to find someone else to watch them and be later getting there.
It was not an hour after we heard from her that her young lover's Bimmer pull in and park in our drive. We were a little panicked with the thought of being nude for someone new that we did not know, so far it had only been with Pati and one neighbor couple. We wondered if we should throw some clothes on to greet him. Jaci went to peek out the window and said it's OK, I guess we don't need to strip, as he is stripping down, and throwing his clothes in his back seat. "Wow," is all she said as he walked toward the cabin, the look on her face when she turned around from the window said it all.
I let Jaci answer the door then knowing she was excited, and her getting turned on might pay off for me later. I just sat in the great room to enjoy seeing how she reacted. She was a little flushed, but opened the door and invited him in. She was visibly shaken, but when he came in and gave her a kiss on the cheek she settled down, he did seem like a nice young man. He was just fine walking in naked to meet two naked strangers. His cock did seem to swell as he checked out her fabulous naked body, and yes Pati did not lie, he was hung like the guy in the old photo.
He was very cordial, but not looking her in the face, mostly just her tits, and ass. I am not normally around many naked young men, but I have to admit, he was a fine specimen, and quite gifted when it came to the size of his manhood. Jaci was still a little flushed but seemed to have been recovering. It was then her turn to examine him in detail, and she sure did. I observed her as she was checking out his cock and the rest of his body, and then back to his big cock again. He knew he was turned on showing a little wood, but he did not try to hide the fact that he was partially erect.
Jaci offered him a drink and brought him over to me for introductions. We shook hands and I could see he was struggling for something to say as I would have at his age. I ask how the drive was and he replied, "Well, there was a little traffic at first but I rarely passed a car after I got within 10 miles of this place. How did you come about finding it? I never heard of the cabin area, but I've heard about the lake and how good the fishing was here."
"It was a business associate that owned it and he was transferred to another state, so I was able to negotiate a pretty good deal on it," I replied.
We started to fill him in on Pati's plight as far as getting there, and he said he got a text, but it said she did not know when, or even if she was going to make it at all. He added, "I could have turned back, but was anxious to meet the two of you that Pati has spoken so highly of, so I decided to just come anyway. I have to compliment you on your taste in women Bill, your Jaci is even hotter in person than in the old photos of the two of them."
Well, then I knew it was probably both, if not even all of the photos. Our guest had seen my wife nude as she appeared to be sucking a dick at 18, and maybe even while taking that big dick. You never know what women are thinking, or what Pati's motives might have been.
I was left with nothing I could say other than a not-very sincere, "We are glad you did come, it is always nice to have company."
I could see Jaci was almost drooling, and I think in her mind she was resisting getting down on her knees and taking a mouth full of his cock. She looked like she might have wanted to relive those younger days like Pati seemed to be, and wanted to give him a real welcome. Maybe if we were not married she would have, or maybe even if I was just not present, I guess I don't know her completely, or does she know all my thoughts?
We decided to go to the patio and have a drink and wait until we heard from Pati. We were sitting there when Pati called and broke the news to Jaci that her arrival might not be until the following day. Jaci shared that part with us, and did not seem that disappointed, nor did Brian, he was too into just checking out Jaci, and she was flirting, and continuing to look him over. This was the first time I observed her in a situation like this with another man, naked. I thought she might have purposely been giving him a good viewing of herself, not as shy about showing him her pussy as I would have expected at her age.
I swear that as she sat there, she was spreading her knees a little wider giving him his first good view of her sex. By the time when she told him that she expected him to stay, she was showing it all. She pitched him staying so Pati would not be disappointed. That would work on almost any man, on one his age it is a sure thing. She told him that she already had dinner planned for four, and would go get it ready. I offered to help but I didn't want to, I just wanted to have a powwow with my wife to see what was really up with Pati.
When we got to the kitchen I could see the excitement in her eyes, I don't remember the last time I had seen her so lit up. She kind of looked like Pati and her, right after I made love to Pati per Jaci's request, and both were in tears with joy. I guess it was a dumb question, I ask Jaci what has her so happy, and she said, "Happy, do I look happy? I am happy to have company but disappointed too, I had hoped Pati would be here to make this not such an initial shock. This is a strange situation she has placed us in, and I can not help being nervous about being naked with such a young guy."
"OK, this is not just your nervous look, nor was it when you opened your legs for him, something has you excited. I know you find him hot, but there is more to this, spit it out, what's up."
"Well, I am a little excited of course, I have not been naked for a young guy since I was young. When I looked at him for the first time as he looked me over, he had lust in his eyes for this married woman. How could I not like that feeling? Don't tell me you did not feel good about Pati looking into your eyes when she gave in. I watched all that, I know I urged you to do it, but I was jealous when you so proudly showed her your excited manhood last trip."
I did have some understanding then as she told me what else was up. She told me about her friend Pati telling her she was stuck there for the night. The only details she gave me were that she heard from her asshole ex, and he gave her what she thought was a story. He told her if he was not there by ten in the morning he had cleared it for her to take the kids to his mom's. She would let us know if anything changes."
"Alright, that sounds good, but there is more to what she said than just that I bet."
"Well, she is so infatuated with Brian right now that she is worried he will not want to stay. She said he gets bored as young guys do, and it requires a lot of sex to maintain their relationship. She hoped we, or more specifically that I would help to keep him here by well, she hoped by giving him a little more than a view. She mentioned that since I let you do things with her, maybe you would be OK with me giving him a hand job or something if he mentioned leaving," she said very sheepishly.
"I see where this is going, if that is what you're willing to tell me, she probably suggested you suck his cock, maybe even fuck him I bet."
"No, that's just crazy, she did not say anything about fucking him."
"So you do want me to OK you jerking, and maybe even blowing him if that does not do the trick? Don't beat around the bush we are both getting more open-minded or I would not have had your OK to fuck Pati the last time. I know how exciting it sounds, I enjoyed the feeling of being with someone else."
"Well, to be honest, she started by saying to flirt with him. Then she went on to say when she blows him, it usually keeps him satisfied for a while."
"Well, we can put this conversation to bed right now because you can not hide your lust and excitement about the possibility of enjoying some of that big young dick of his. This might shock you, but I figure I have no right to deny you at least some kind of extramarital fun after the treat you orchestrated when Pati was last here. I have no right to give you any stricter limitations than what you gave me with Pati, but this is a little different situation with someone we don't know. So just promise you won't go overboard, and like the situation with me and Pati, don't do it behind my back. Use your head and take it slow like I did, as I do not know how I am going to react being in a similar situation you were in. Hopefully, I can handle it as well as you did. I don't think I am that possessive, I certainly don't want to be, but men are wired a little differently."
"Thanks, Honey, I love you so much, and I confess to being even more than a little excited, you saw it, that is some cock on that boy, it reminds me of the..., Oh never mind. But I think you might be surprised at how you feel to see your sexy wife jerking, or maybe even with a mouth full of it. I know I instigated the whole thing with Pati, and watching you make love to her was a challenge to me at first. But it was so beautiful seeing how you took your time and were so tender with her. I think it was a turn-on for both of us in the long run. Have you not noticed the uptick in our sex lives since then?"
"No, I haven't," I said in my sarcastic manner, but my actions showed otherwise, as I hugged her from behind and my cock hard apparently from the thought of it, was between her legs rubbing against her pussy. You just can't hide arousal while naked, I wanted to lean her over and fuck her she was so sexy looking in her state of excitement, but told her I loved her and have enjoyed that up-tick immensely.
She said, "Now get your big cock out of my crotch, save that for bedtime. I need to proceed with fixing dinner."
It's a good thing she brought some pre-made side dishes with her, salad and such, as she was giddy and in no shape to fix anything too complicated. She gave me some thick-cut pork chops for the grill, so I left for the patio to get them started.
I was cooking the chops, and more uncomfortable with my appearance with my ass sticking out from my grilling apron, it was like a hospital gown. It made it more difficult to try and have a conversation with Brian, but I had no idea what his interests were other that fucking hot Milf's like Pati and my wife. I did find out he liked to fish, and that he first hinted, then admitted he liked smoking pot and hoped we did, as he had brought some, top-shelf stuff he called it.
We sat and had a nice dinner, and finally some interesting conversation. Jaci was still nervous, and it was fun seeing her out of her element. Jaci is usually calm and cool, and the life of the party when my male friends are around for cards. But we play with clothes on. I guess the fact that she was naked in front of a naked young man with a big cock had something to do with it. I did my best to keep things going. I got up to help her, and first pulled her chair out so she could get up. She left a wet spot on the chair pad, I wondered what caused that.
Brian went to his car to get the pot, and I gathered some firewood for later. We usually don't do that much naked during daylight, but there did not seem to be many people down that weekend, yet at least. I was putting together the fire when Brian got back with a rather large bag of pot for these days and a bong. He was worried about our neighbors, he thought they were checking him out. He was afraid they would recognize the bong, and narc, or not be OK with nudity.
I explained that we had made anonymous friends out of them and that they were OK and often nude themselves down at their place in front of us. I had to try to explain the anonymous part. "Basically, we have watched each other fucking out here once and acknowledged it. We did, however, decide not to introduce ourselves, so we could continue watching, and being watched by strangers if that makes sense."
"Kewl, No, I get it, sounds pretty fucking hot to me," he said.
Jaci came out it was dusk, so we sat around the fire and smoked a couple of bowls, it kicked in pretty hard, he was right, it was good stuff, and it made me feel open for almost anything. The pot seemed to make Jaci more open, and horny but it calmed her down too. It sure made her open her legs further for him. She was then sitting slowly opening her legs to more than fulfill her promise to Pati to flirt with him.
Brian spotted our nude neighbors getting in their hot tub, stealing his attention from Jaci. We were pretty baked by then, and Jaci was not happy not being his focus. She wanted it back, so she now moved one of her legs up over the arm of the chair, trying to make it look like she was just getting more comfortable. The leg she lifted, enhanced his view the most. It was a pretty big escalation for just flirting, as my view was not as good, but I could see her labia open up, and some pink showing even in the low light.
I had to face it, Jaci did not just want his attention, pot makes her horny, and I was finding out so does her sitting naked in front of a nude young man with a large penis. It was obvious that she wanted him and wanted him bad, she was pushing the statement I made to her to the fullest. I was not sure how I felt about even watching that part. I thought maybe she was just a little jealous of her friend having a young lover. I was OK with it though I had no reason not to trust her. But like earlier, I could feel a little action down below too.
I did enjoy watching this, and torturing her a little, I knew despite my OK, she was not going to make a move without me confirming my OK. I would call a hand job out here a major move. It was cruel for me to be doing, but fun too. She was in pain, she had an itch that needed scratching so to speak, and not by me this time, this was different, I already told her she could do what she was doing. I knew she wanted his cock and attention, and he seemed more than willing to give it to her. It was getting to a point where it was not fair to torture her any longer, not after the gift she had given me and Pati. It was hard for me, but I could not watch her suffer I love her.
I decided to let the elephant in the room out, and make it clear that I knew what was going on in both their heads and it was OK for them to act on at least some of it. I wanted to say something sarcastic, surprising, or just plain shocking, that is just my way, and Jaci should know that by now. In a calm voice, and with a straight face I said, "Honey, be a good host now. I bet our guest would love to get a closer look at that lovely, and tasty pussy that you have on display for us guys. You both have examined each other's sex pretty thoroughly, so I think if you ask him nicely, he would let you suck on that big cock of his too."
There was no reply, I got the shocked look from them that I was going for, and was proud of myself. They both were at least slightly red-faced when they looked at me. I am known for my sarcasm by Jaci, but not Brian, and this was on a deeper level than my normal remarks.
I thought I better reassure them, "I am not kidding I swear, Jaci gave me a pass not long ago, so I have to be fair with her. It is OK with me to have some sexual fun with each other, as long as it is done here."
He looked at me, to see confirm it, I shook my head, yes, and he was in front of her in seconds, I loved it. She was ready and anxious too, she had moved her ass slightly forward and had both legs up on the chair arms then. Her pussy was wide open now, and it was quite something seeing her present her pussy to this hung young man. Something I never thought I would be OK with. My view though was mostly his ass and his big cock and balls hanging down as he went in for his munch.
Soon she had one hand on, caressing her own breasts and one on his head, and was making sounds of pure pleasure, but smart not to address just him. "Oh Bill, I love you, what a gift this is, I love you, and Brian, you have me feeling like I will be ready to cum soon."
It was a hot thing for me to see I admit, giving her this little treat did not bother me much, because I could see she was in heaven at that moment. As her husband, is it not my responsibility to make her happy? I was hard just watching so far, and wanting to jerk, so yes I was enjoying it, and had to at least put my hand on my sex.
He was good at it for such a young guy, I wasn't at his age, but I did not have online porn to learn from. I had moved to the side a little so I could see better, he was licking her clit and using his big fingers to fuck her at the same time. His cock was hard and huge hanging there below him as he munched. It may have rivaled the one in the picture from her youth. I may have said this already, but I want to get it across that Pati had found herself a genuine young bull. Circumstances have left him up to Jaci to deal with for now. I had to at least play with myself a little, I had absolutely none of their attention at that point, and did not want to be seen looking like a cuck.
After two big orgasms, she looked at me with a wanton look on her face saying she was ready for something more. I had her in my control for now. I knew she wanted to suck his cock, but I was afraid that alone would not be enough of a thrill to satisfy them. I got really bold again and ask Brian, "How would you like to have Jaci not just suck your cock in front of me, but in front of the neighbors I had told you about as well?"
"I wish." he replied, "Pati and I have been trying to be watched, but have not had much success."
"Well, I hope you're ready for this Brian," and I went to get our blanket and turn the spotlight on so the neighbors could see them.
I led them down the field and laid out the blanket where the light hit, really close to our neighbors. They were now sitting in their chairs nude as well, it was a hot night. Probably had been watching what was happening, and hoping for Jaci and me to give them another show. As we got there, I told Brian and Jaci to go ahead and get ready, don't let "US" meaning the three of us spectators bother you. I got a strange look, but they got comfortable on the blanket.
I walked toward our neighbors until we were in talking distance and waved for them to come, "Bring your chairs, the blanket might get crowded, and maybe even rowdy tonight."
I walked with them and sat on the edge of the blanket, and they were in their chairs behind me. I could tell Jaci wanted that cock bad, and she wanted to show us, especially me I guess, that she could handle one that large. I said, "OK honey, make me proud, show us how much of his cock you can fit in your sexy mouth."
She was on it, seeing her take a cock that big in her little mouth was something I never thought I would see. She did gag a little but got most of it in her mouth and throat. It was hot, Brian was leaning back holding himself up with his arms watching her, I swear I saw his toes curling up at one point. I wondered if she was going to swallow his spunk in front of me, or just take the shot somewhere on her body. I didn't care at this point, either one would look hot. I figured it was a one-time thing, just glad I got to watch it I thought. It made me relax more and enjoy it with the neighbors there, they had to be impressed.
Then I decided to make an impulsive move and did, I was totally hard at that point, so I moved behind her and stuck my anxious cock inside her, and started fucking her while she serviced him. I had motives though, I knew that pussy eating and cocksucking almost always leads to the couple involved fucking. Knowing that I figured it might as well be my cock in her so it would not be tempting for them to want to move on to that.
I checked the neighbors for their reaction then, and they really had their surprised faces on. Could you just imagine what they were thinking? I invited them to watch my wife suck a young man's big cock, and was now fucking her from behind while she does. I hoped they were impressed, and maybe even think they are out of their league. It for sure was going to be a challenge for them to ever beat this, but how could I not look forward to them trying?
It was apparently overload for Brian as he soon delivered Jaci a large load, and yes she got most of it down, the rest landed on her chin, breasts, or the blanket. Jaci had sucked him off and swallowed his spunk while being fucked, talk about multitasking. He was then just sitting, his arms resting on his knees, and watching my cock still going in and out of her pussy. I liked being watched, and I liked it with Pati, but this was a mixed crowd making it different. I didn't let up, in fact, I speed up and made her cum before I did.
I had made another impulsive decision, and shot my load all over her ass and back, and shot it there for a reason. I had not planned to, but the competitive and show-off part of me kicked in, and I had a captive audience. Yes, I wanted to make a big impression on our neighbors as to how open a couple we were, even though we weren't. At the same time, I wanted to test this young man's stamina, not to mention give Jaci a "BIG" surprise and a treat she did not expect. I guess I was just so into making her happy and giving her some well-deserved pleasure to show her how much I loved and trusted her.
Yes, I decided to give her an even larger dose of his cock, so she could get over her lust, and I guess keep him there for Pati as well. I said, "Brian, you are not done, are you? I kept my sweet Jaci's pussy fresh for you by cumming on her ass and back. I also only gave her one orgasm before I erupted, she looks like she could use at least one more, you are younger than me, have a larger cock, and I am sure more virile, so it is up to you to satisfy her lust now. You are just going to have to Fuck Her! I can see she is craving the cock she has only been able to suck."
I can't describe the look that was on her face, and I have been married to her for over 15 years. I leaned in to kiss her and could feel her tremble in nervousness and anticipation as she held and kissed me in appreciation. I could see she was overheated and most of her chest had turned to light pink, but she had been so enamored with his big cock, I decided I had to let them fuck, and hopefully, it would be more than enough for both of them. After all, I thought, Pati would be there in the morning to take over for her.
She still seemed reluctant even though I reassured her, so I just made one simple nod, yes, and then helped her roll over on her back. Then I helped her lift and spread her legs, kissed her pussy, and looked at Brian and said, "You're up, this Beautiful woman is all yours, but just for the (present) to please."
I stayed on my knees beside her head and gave her my cock to clean off and suck, it still had our juices on it. I knew she would soon likely be rejecting it, and that was OK with me, I wanted her to get to enjoy this young man's big cock in her. I can't lie and say the thought of seeing her take a big dick like she did as a teen did not sound smoking hot to me.
I looked forward to watching and doing my part for then of just fondling her breast, kissing her, and just being tender to her, letting her know I was OK with this. I admit I wanted the best view of this one-time thing.
He was young, but I give him credit for not just trying to stuff that big thing in her and start pumping like young guys often do. He took his time pushing the large, kind of scary looking to me, and now purple head of his cock against her hole. Then pushing it in, little, by little, until he was most of the way in. Then he was still just pumping her ever so slowly. She was moaning immediately after he entered, and her face was getting more flushed. She is my Angel, and she looked the part, I did not look at it like I do porn. She looked like she was in heaven having this treat. Soon the redness was spreading to her neck and chest. It was not like she was not already fired up from the oral, and me fucking her.
I could tell that this was going to be a long one, he had already came during the blow job, and was still pumping her slowly. She calmed down and wrapped her legs and had her arms and legs around him, pulling him down, so his chest was against her breast then started kissing him. It bothered me a little watching this part, it was intimate. But this is what she often did with me, and the way she had to watch me make love to her BFF, Pati. I was happy to see he did not just want her to be his cum dump, he was very tender with her.
Just using his thick cock on her made her get off after a while. I don't know how many times a woman can orgasm before her pussy gets numb, or even if that's possible, or if orgasms are endless, but I did not try to keep track. I think by the sounds of her, she may have been having one continuous one. I felt like I should give her the chance to decide where she wanted him to cum, and told her so, she answered, "I want it in me if it's OK with you honey, you know how I like the feel of it, and I want a nice pie to show you!"
He confirmed that he heard I was OK with her choice.
The thought of cumming in her seemed to make him speed up his strokes and pound her, I could see his balls hitting her ass. But it did not make him cum any sooner. I was amazed seeing how well she took his cock as he pounded her at her request. "Oh Fuck Yeah Brian, this feels so good, give it to me, I feel so sexy laying here getting fucked by a young guy with Bill watching."
Seeing her vagina look like it was trying to hold on to his dick on each outstroke was something I had only seen in porn. The sound of suction was new to me as well, I guess you need to be a spectator to observe all this. I guess I could have made a video to see how we looked fucking, but seeing this live was probably better. It was not long after that he announced it, but it was not like we could not see it on his face or by the noise he made. It was his turn to speak, "Oh Fuck Yeah, you are not just beautiful, your pussy is tight as well. You really know how to kiss, and it made this more special. But I can't go much longer, I am about to cum!"
She was into this even more than I expected as she grabbed his ass to make sure he came in her. He kept stroking as he did, and I could see her tightening up on his ass with her legs. "Oh Brian, just hold it in there for a moment, I love feeling my pussy full of your cock and cum."
It is true, she likes that with me too, why would she not with a young stud she was being treated to? She looked so sexy, and happy that way, with some of his cum leaking around his shaft. It gave me mixed feelings. I was happy she got the experience, and a little jealous that our sex had become a little routine.
Then he pulled out, his cock dripping, and pulled him by his wrist to bring it up to her for cleaning. I have to admit it was one hell of a fuck he gave her.
She was then spread open to show off what he gave her. It was quite a nice-looking creampie for a second cum that soon. I was not going to pass up a chance to throw a trump card at the neighbors, so delicately moved her around so they could see Brian's work. She displayed it trying to look shy doing it, but gave her pride for it away, by proudly pushing some more of his seed out on the blanket while we all watched.
It was all over I hoped and was folding up the blanket that we had used a few times and was now covered in both dried and new cum, when the neighbor offered to throw it in their washer. We did not have one at the cabin and had to take our clothes and linens home to wash.
I had to carry Jaci back up the hill to the cabin, she was spent and was looking up at me with a satisfied look on her face. I was tired too, but before we went in she said to the two of us, "I think all Pati needs to hear about this, is we all got stoned and I sucked Brian's cock in her absence."
We both nodded in agreement.
I woke up the next morning and Jaci was already gone, it's a rare thing when she gets up before me. I went to the kitchen and got some coffee and looked out the window for her. What I saw made me sorry I gave in to having others nude with us. As if I had not seen enough of Brian's big cock and fit body the night before, he was sitting on the swing all stretched out and was jerking off that cock. My beautiful wife Jaci was sitting in front of him displaying her nude body to him again. This time with her legs wide open and masturbating, as inspiration I guessed. I was not sure how to react, I could not help but be pissed that she was letting him use her that way, but at least she was not fucking or sucking him. I decided there was nothing I could do or say, and to just overlook it and get on with our day, and sat at the table and drank my coffee. I guess she could argue it was not behind my back.
It was not long before Jaci came in, she was trying to act as if nothing happened out there, and now I was more than pissed. I can't believe she could not tell that she had cum on her face, but just the sides of her mouth. You don't get that from taking a face or body shot, after I saw them she had at least finished him off by sucking his cock.
I pulled her aside and said, "It looks like you already had your breakfast, you have some around your mouth."
There was a long pause while she tried to come up with a reply, she was busted after all.
"Well, Brian said something about leaving, and you know, I promised Pati I would make him stay for her."
I just shook my head and tried to give a look of at least some disgust. I hoped that Pati would be here soon and keep Brian occupied before this drama could get worse.
Later she asked me to tell Brian breakfast was ready, at least he was smart enough to stay out on the porch after the stunt he pulled. I got over it, I brought him in with me and we had our breakfast.
We got a call from Pati, and she said she was on her way, and pretty close. It was not long before she appeared at the door. I stopped her and told her no entry with clothes on. Now I want to see a sexy strip from my wife's besty. I was glad she waited until she got to the door to undress, I loved standing there naked, and teasing her, watching her getting naked was just a bonus. Pati has a hot body too, not as good overall but her breasts were bigger, and what guy does not like big ones?
She gave me a sexy look, and then let her breasts loose, it had an immediate effect on the state of my penis. She hugged me, and I took the opportunity to pull her in tight as she kissed me on my lips while pressing her wonderful breast against my chest. My cock was now against her sex, and she did not pull away. She then moved on to kiss Jaci on the cheek and was thanking both of us. Brian then swept her off her feet and up into his arms to carry her. He said, "I want to fuck you in the daylight on the patio if it is OK with everyone, and told us to feel free to watch."
We did, we knew they wanted to be, so we checked on Pati with her young lover. We watched for a while but decided to leave, first so Jaci could suck my hard cock from watching. Then we went on to do some cleaning and other chores, the last thing I saw of them was her riding him cowgirl. Furthermore, we did hear her after that, more than just one neighbor probably saw them, and heard her too.
We eventually were sitting in the great room when Jaci announced that she needed to go to the country store. We did forget a couple of things, and it was the closest store to us, but because of the roads, a nearly half-hour drive. But it's the only one we have to rely on. Brian ask if he could go along, he would like to see what an old country store looked like.
I suggested that Brian could drive them there, I knew the girls would like to gab, and shop at the quite unusual store. I, for one, did not want to stand and wait for them. Pati said she was tired from the drive here and wanted to rest, but said Brian and Jaci could go. The look on his face when she said that made me think he had some ideas of his own after the morning surprise. I guessed it would be a test for her, she had no excuse for doing anything sexual with him anymore now that Pati had arrived.
The two of them left and I was now alone with Pati, I did not think that I might be tested too. We were going to be alone for a little over an hour, an hour of dead time to kill. Pati did not make things easy as she cuddled up next to me on the couch and put her head on my shoulder, and her arms around my chest. Even if we were clothed I should have stopped things right then and there.
She talked about how Jaci and I changed her life, that she was in such a dismal place at the time, and how much fun she was now having, but soon she took up a more serious subject. She told me she had feelings for me more than she should have for her friend's husband. She said even though she was now having enjoyable sex, she could not forget the event that got her to that point, how she felt when I made love to her. She said no one ever did, or could make her feel that good."
"She said Brian's big cock was nice, but fucking him proved to be no substitute for the love she felt for me. She knew that the two of them had no future with the age difference. He knew it too, it is just kind of an arrangement, he had a big sex drive, and dick, and I have a pussy. He knows I won't turn him down.
Then she tried to talk me into making love to her just one more time, and that no one would need to know. I resisted that offer and tried to give her a lecture about lust vs love, but she was not listening. She was convinced that her feelings for me were love, and her hand was soon making its way down my nude torso and toward my cock which was getting hard of course.
It was one of my weaker moments when I let her lay her head on my lap, even if we were fully clothed that would have been a bad idea. It was not long before my cock was rock hard, we were naked, so there was no way to stop her from taking it in her mouth. Soon she was on her knees and looking up at me in almost a stare, as she pleasured me with her tongue and mouth. I loved the feel of that, her hands behind me and pulling me forward. When she did, her long hair was dancing on my skin, and her firm breasts were touching my legs. I just had to fondle them, they are so perfect in every way. I was helpless in resisting her then, I have to admit I have feelings for her, what kind and how deep I still don't know, maybe I was just as confused as her.
It was not very long until she had me ready to cum and unable to hold it anymore. I had hoped she would keep my cock in her mouth and take the shot, and she did. I like the feeling and visual of a woman swallowing my seed. She looked up at me all angelic with my cum in her mouth and some spilling onto her face. I had let her suck my cock, but I still feel like I dodged a bullet, and in my head justified it as getting even with Jaci for that morning. Truth was, we both wanted to fuck, but I would not give in to that after what she said about the last time. Oral is pleasing, but intercourse is intimate, and a whole different experience.
The shoppers did not return until over two hours later and had a couple of bags, I asked if she planned on living here now and she explained that Brian insisted on buying some steaks for us, to repay our hospitality, and they had these cute little... and went on about the other crap she bought, things to hang on our walls. I could not help but wonder why a trip that would take us just over an hour took so long.
We decided that being one big family could get old, Jaci and I that is, and we excused ourselves and went to the bedroom. As I closed the door and looked at her, I could see a look of fear and a reluctance to share any more details of the shopping trip. It made my heart sink to think of what kind of confession she might make, or if she would deny anything happened in that extensive amount of time.
I gave her the chance to go first, as I figured I needed to confess as well. I expected that it was oral again, like the before-breakfast blow job she gave him. She told me that they were But said there was no doubt what all he had in mind. She claimed to have rejected that idea, and they went straight to the store.
She explained, "Well Honey, I know you are upset with me for being gone so long, and rightfully so. I love you dearly, but I have let myself get out of control more than just during my morning blow job. So let me start by saying, it is hard to be a soccer mom sometimes, and at a young age like I was. I missed a lot of things. You saw the photos of Pati and me nude at 18, and you got me to confess that I did fuck the guy that took it. That time period I am not totally proud of, but it was fun fucking random guys at the time. I guess I miss the feeling fucking someone new gave me. It's just that it didn't really seem long after that it was all over, and I was changing diapers as you still had some of your freedom."
"Pati was first to be married with kids, and then I was. Our fun days with guys were over and rightly so. I have tried to be a good wife and mom, but I can't like and say I did not miss those carefree days. Well, I had the chance to revisit that period this weekend. I understand you gave me a pass Friday, I love you for it. That should have been enough, but apparently, it wasn't, as I did not have to be begged, or even asked to suck his dick this morning. There we were, I was nude, and he was nude and jerking so I could not resist. Even though I tried not to, I have lost control a couple of times while on this trip."
"You satisfy me sexually, and tell me how hot I am, and I know you are sincere. I can't explain it exactly, but for me when a hot guy nearly half my age acts like he can't get enough of me. Well, just that he looks at my aging body and it does not turn him off is a thrill to me. I guess it makes me feel a whole different kind of sexy, a very special kind of sexy, when a guy nearly half my age fucks me. I don't feel like a mother and devoted wife for a while. So that said, I feel like I owe you full disclosure of my missteps on my trip to the store and back. Trust me, it will be in more detail than you want to hear but I think you may understand then."
"It was not very long into the trip before he was already suggesting that we stop, strip, and just take a naked walk in the woods. He claimed he wanted to enjoy the beauty of my body framed by the beauty of nature. Well, it was obviously bullshit, and so was what he was thinking. So I told him that, as I knew if I gave in I was in danger of losing control again. I was firm telling him we needed to just go to the store, and that I was not going to fuck him again. I thought the temptations were over, as he was just a nice young man at the store. But he still had his other ideas, and it was not long into the trip back before I looked over toward him, and there was that big cock of his sticking out of his shorts. I had just met him the day before, and he already knew this old girl had a hard time turning it down. I called him on it, and he said, "Just let me stroke this hardon your beauty gave me, as I look at your sexy body."
"I let him, it was his car if he wanted to get cum on his dash so be it, that alone was not going to make me jump him. He was soon hard, just like early that morning, so big, and just so tempting. Then without saying or asking anything, he pulled off onto a gravel road to stop. He asked me to get out with him so he could see me better as he finished. I was stupid I guess, I should have torn into him for giving me the initial dick flash, and stopped. I should have, it was not to pee, he had used the bathroom at the store, and we both had.
He got out, and I made the mistake of getting out as he asked. It was so stupid of me, I already knew what was up, it was his cock. There it was sticking out of the top of his shorts, and then he pulled his shirt off. He knew a picture was better than words at that point and dropped his shorts too. Then the picture was of this fit hung 20 something standing there nude in front of me again. His hot young body glistened in the sun and looked so hot. His cock was so much more tempting with him naked than when it was just sticking out of his shorts. It was hard to resist his fit body with his six-pack abs, his big dick as hard as it could be, and pointed right at me, but I really did try my best."
"I knew I should not do anything at all with him at the time, but as I stood there on a public road with a naked young man, it was so tempting. It became even harder to pass up. As I said, I am a mom, a MILF, and approaching mature. I never expected to have any more experiences like I had when I was young, and this one was making me feel young.
He asked me to take off my top, saying, "I just have to see those lovely breasts as I jerk off. I am so worked up from being alone with you on this trip, come on help me out, you gave me this hard cock."
"It too was bullshit, but his body and his hard dick weren't, they were right there, and real, and wanting to give me pleasure. It was all just too much to pass on so I didn't. First I lost my top, and yes, I was bra and pantie-less. Because of that, I told him to not even think of asking me to lose the shorts even though at that point I was already thinking about how good he felt inside me the night before."
"He soon had me leaning against the trunk of the car, the lower portion of his body pressed against me. The underside of his cock and balls pressed up against me as he was busy enjoying my breasts. I decided to, and reached down and was then in the process of stroking his cock, as he then put his hand down my shorts, and at the same time, he gave me his tongue. He is so good with his fingers, but he is good with his mouth, and his cock as well. I just could not help but be turned on, and wanted more than that."
"He knew what he was doing when he lifted me up all the way on the trunk lid of his car. I had to put my hands down to keep from sliding off. It was my mistake, as he used that opening to pull my shorts off. I was holding on, so I could not even make an effort to try to stop him if I wanted to, and by then I didn't. I guess I should have worded the warning about me not taking my shorts off better."
"There I was completely naked for him again. Again, I have to point out again that I was nude with a young man nearly half my age that wanted to fuck me. He was standing there in front of me with his hard cock the feature of his hard body. He told me, "You are so beautiful standing there naked, how could he not want to fuck me?"
He was relentless and laid it on thick about how my body was so much hotter than Pati's. I figured it was his prelude to trying to slide his cock inside me. I was trying not to give in and considered pivoting to make it tough, but he knew how to make it impossible for me to reject him. He lifted my legs instead, I could not have pivoted if I wanted to, and it caused me to lean back on the trunk lid, and that put my pussy right there handy to him. He went in to eat me out, and I thought maybe we could just give each other oral. You witnessed his oral work, and how quickly he can get me off."
"How could I turn that down when you add the trill of it being on a public road? Once he got his tongue working my clit, it sent chills down my spine. It was my first time being naked and having sex spontaneously in a real public place. A car could have come around the corner on the main road at any time making the danger of getting seen more likely, and the excitement of it all more intense."
"I wanted to enjoy that feeling for a while so I leaned back more, rested my head on the back window, and let him put my legs up on his shoulders. Then he was licking my clit as he fingered my pussy, it felt so good. I was holding his head there, I did not want him to stop until I came, even when we thought we heard a car in the distance."
"The thought of being caught did not scare me, instead it just plain gave me a rush of adrenaline I guess. So in that state, I was all for continuing, and at that point was thinking about how his cock would feel down there. He stopped a moment, so I thought he was going to abort, but it was just to distract me and push his cock into what was then a dripping wet pussy, and I did not protest it at that point. So there he was fucking me right there on the car. The car we thought we heard, we could see down the road, was coming our way, but he just kept fucking me."
"It just made me more into it, I loved the daring and excitement of being seen nude with a young man's dick in me. We were just barely off the main road parking on the side of the gravel one. I could see the car in my peripheral vision to my left as it slowed down, I thought they were going to stop to look."
I was so aware of what they were about to see. Me, As a soccer mom, totally exposed. With my legs up and spread like that, I knew they would be able to see his big cock penetrating my pussy, because I was getting fucked by a young bull. All this going down on the trunk of a 20-something's BMW made me feel like I was his age. I was so wet and turned on that after a couple of strokes I was completely out of control. I told him, "Don't stop, I want to be seen connected to your young body by your big cock." So just fuck me, and fuck me hard. We will just have to give them a fuck show to remember, I hope they do stop and watch us fuck."
"He did, and they did, it was more of a slow-down than a stop, but slow enough that they had to get a good view of what we were doing. I was just about to cum when they honked their horn a couple of short beeps, to acknowledge they saw us I guess, and then they pulled away slowly. The thrilling part of getting caught was over, so instead of risking them being a carload of rednecks and coming back, he chose not to finish fucking me there. He pulled me off of the trunk lid with his cock still deep in my vagina. It was so strange, yet such an adventure. He took me into the woods that way, impaled on his cock. I assumed he took me there just to finish fucking."
"He had different ideas, he found this beautiful clearing. It was so close to the road it was almost like he knew it was there. It was grassy with big tall trees around it, and you could see the sun rays that were filtering through them. It was like a setting from a romantic movie. He pulled out as he laid me down on this soft grass, and it felt so good against my nude body. I looked up to see him standing over me still hard, with his cock shining with my juices. He told me again how beautiful, and sexy I looked. I should have spoken up again, but I was under the spell of the environment and his young body. Instead of protesting, I just totally surrendered to him. He didn't have to push the issue anymore, I even spread my legs to open my pussy. I wanted to show him I was ready for him to take me again. He had total control of me, and he knew it."
"Instead of just entering me, and finishing what was started at the car, we started all over again, first with some kissing. This time with me giving in, it was more like making love than just fucking to get off. I figured I owed it to him to return the oral he gave me. I'm so sorry, I just could not get enough of his cock, and he knew that. I sucked on his cock and balls a lot longer than I should have before we finally got back to the fucking. It was so tender the way he took me this time, in several positions. I am so sorry and ashamed that I gave in now, but at the time I could not get enough. It was so hard to quit, I could not even stop saying "Yes" over and over as he would bury that big cock all the way inside me. It was such an epic, and unique situation fucking with a young guy in public, in that romantic setting of the clearing in the woods, I did not want it to be over."
"Every time I would cum, I hoped I would again, that this fuck would never end. As you know, for me cumming feels so good, it is like a drug, and once he got me off twice I was hooked. He finished by taking me doggy until I could not hold myself up anymore and collapsed. He kept going and finally with me laying there on my stomach. I finally heard him grunt, then I started to feel him pumping his load inside me, but I did not tell him not to. It felt so good feeling rope after rope of his cum hit the walls of my vagina."
"I was in a weird place in my head, it was like I overdosed on orgasms, and could not even speak, I wanted more but figured we were done. He rolled me over to get me where I could just lay there displaying the pie he gave me. We both were out of breath, and I thought we were done, but he lifted my legs and played with the pie with the head of his cock. Then pushed it back in and started fucking me again as he reached up to kiss me, he hardly needed any time to recover and get hard again. He was totally hard too, It felt like his cock was reaching up past my belly button this time."
"He was giving me all his knob, shaft clear down to his balls, I could feel them hitting my ass. I could not fight anymore, and I don't mean him fucking me, I mean I could not fight wanting him to anymore."
"I was beat after a while, and the thrill finally started to fade, I was just too tired. I wanted him to, quit, or finish and cum in, or on me again, I did not care where. I knew we needed to get back. He at least sensed being on the ground was getting old, and picked me up again. When we got to the woods, he was holding me up by my ass and fucking me as he walked back. I was afraid of falling so I put my arms around his neck, holding him like that as my breast were against his chest helped get me back into the sex a little. It felt so good having a strong young man him holding me up by my ass and driving his cock so deep in and out of me. I was no longer quite as anxious for it to be over."
"He sat me back on the car, the hood this time just kept going, I could not believe he could do all that, and then I came hard once last time. In spite of the ecstasy I was feeling, I finally got firm with him and told him we have been gone a long time and this had to stop. He said OK, and started to speed up, not too long after that he let loose and filled what space I had left to fill, I don't know how he had so much left. We both collapsed then, I was determined to quit, and as soon as I regained my senses. I told him that this was not right to take advantage of me. But it was just sex honey, and I told him Pati is my best friend, and that I loved my husband. We gathered our clothes then and headed back."
Then she said, "I am just so sorry we were gone so long, it was not fair to you or Pati. I hate myself not for the sex, I would not expect you to pass on a chance like that. But I should not have let him go that long on me, he is just taking advantage of me, he knows I can't resist him, and I know it now. I just got carried away I guess. I hope you can forgive me?"
I was speechless, even though I had my own story to tell, it was now so fucking trivial next to what she had told me. She had to tell me in so much detail, I wish she would have just given me a summary, or even lied about the scope of it. I was hurt, and yes, I was extremely turned on, and hard, but trying to hide it. How could I not be, but was still pissed, and not going to confess until I got a few points across.
"No I don't forgive you, sounds like your resistance was never very sincere, I am sure you told him firmly not to cum in you since you already let him the night before." Then I waited for her comment. I could tell by the look of guilt on her face that she did let him both times, and didn't have a retort.
She finally said, "I'm so sorry I didn't push the issue, but I was too caught up in the fucking and the orgasms I had, and you know how I love the feeling of you busting your nut inside me."
"I'm sorry too because you had many a chance to stop, you did not have to let him fuck you again in the woods. You could have stopped him then by going back to the car."
"You, act like he was in control, but it sounds like there were several times you were, it did not sound a bit like rape. You willingly went into the woods with him because you wanted a fucking only a young stud like him can give you. I don't know what has happened to you in less than 24 hours, what you described was more like the actions of a cum slut, than of the woman I call my wife."
I was on a roll and added, "Then there was this morning you sucked the young guy's cock and took his shot before breakfast, you never explained that to any satisfaction. Now you're standing there with two loads of his cum in your pussy, and I can see you have so much in you that the crotch of your shorts is soaking wet. You look like you peed your pants, and you're saying to me that your sorry, well I am pissed."
I got no reply other than, "I said I was sorry honey, what do you want me to say, I admired and confessed I was wrong. This morning was bad judgment too, I confess. The full story was that I woke up, saw he was out there, and decided to be a good host and see if he wanted some coffee. I walked out to him all stretched out, his big cock in his hand. He did not even stop when I asked him. He just said, no coffee, but I would love to have you sit in my lap. I said something dumb like, there is already something in your lap. So there we were both nude and turned on, yes I admit it. I turned down sitting on his cock or sucking it. I agreed to give him some inspiration, and that is what you may have seen. My fingers were deep inside me, and I was so turned on as was he. Then I remembered that you are usually up first. I wanted to end the whole thing."
"I figured the quickest way to end it was for him to cum, and a knob job with my mouth was the quickest way. So technically I did not suck his cock, just his knob. It worked, he came right away and I took the shot, a bad idea I know. But that boy's young body and his cock seem to have magic powers over me."
That was enough for me, I took a couple of deep breaths and then made my confession. I admit I downplayed it, but it was less of discretion than hers was. But I did not blame Pati even though she both started and pushed for it, I took ownership of it.
She figured this was her chance to make amends and she took it, she said, "I forgive you, I know I had a part in it, I started all this by getting you to fuck her." With that comment, she decided to put her arms around me and had my cock in her hands.
I rejected her advances and said, "Well, we could have kissed, and maybe even could have made love and forgiven each other, but I don't feel like dipping my dick in some young guy's spunk." Things got quiet, I was drained emotionally and we just ended up taking a nap, no more talking and no part of our bodies touched.
When we got up and found Pati and Brian on the patio, they pointed out the blanket neatly folded and with an envelope on top of it addressed, "To Strangers, From Strangers." Jaci could not wait to open it and found an invitation to join them that evening after dinner in the hot tub.
Later we sat on the patio again after we had the steaks when we noticed that the neighbors were on their patio. Pati told us we should go, and not be stuck entertaining them all evening. I translated that to mean she would not mind some alone time with her Boy Toy. I thought going there would get us away from all the tension, temptation, and drama we were experiencing this weekend, so I suggested that we go.
We headed down to their house and decided it was time to introduce ourselves, and we met Brad and Sue. Taking into consideration our previous contacts with them, I took him as just partly joking when he said, do you want to shake my hand, let Sue suck your dick, or do you want to fuck her? The safe answer for me was to say, "Why don't we put that decision off till later and see how we feel about it."
We did, and had some drinks and talked. They were not married but almost qualified as common law, they have been together for 6 years, and both had been in previous marriages. They were younger but only by a couple of years, so we had a lot in common to talk about. Well, we talked, we drank and we drank some more, Sue was into margaritas like Jaci and had made a big batch. Sue was hot and knew it, and was making passes at me the whole time we were there. It did not bother him, I think he really did want to watch me fuck her, they were probably both thinking a swap was possible.
We were well past shit-faced when the subject came up again. They were impressed at how open we were in regard to Brian fucking Jaci in front of them. (If they knew the whole story they would know to not bring it up.) Little did they know, this was a new thing for us, and a bad decision on my part.
Sue said Brian had a big cock, but it was me that she has had sex dreams about. I thought, My God, are we swingers now or what? I knew where this was going, we were already in separate conversations, me with Sue, and Jaci with Brad. Yes, my slut was competing with his slut and both of our guys were hard from all the flirting, which included a how wide can I spread my legs contest by the girls. We were all naked high and horny, especially the girls. One romp with another guy and Jaci became a slut, probably willing to fuck Brad, we were doomed.
I made it clear that I did not want to get into one of our competitions. I knew where this could end up and was not ready to see anyone else fuck Jaci. With that in mind, I suggested that we just start with oral as we had just met. Sue went for my cock and proved to be good with her mouth and tongue. Jaci had Brian's cock, and her skills were good too, of course, both I and young Brian can testify to that. I kind of enjoyed it as a swap, probably loved it if I was not so pissed at Jaci. It is a whole different thing seeing your wife with a dick in her mouth when yours is being sucked by an equally hot spouse
Sue got me off first, and she and I watched Brad as he got off, it was pretty hot seeing her squeeze his balls as the ropes came out of his hole and covered Jaci's face. They both were pretty fucked up, more than us guys. They started cleaning each other's faces and Sue kissed her, and Jaci kissed her back, I think it was reluctantly. Sue seemed to be heading toward Jaci's pussy after that, and I was not sure what her reaction would be, so I gave her an out. I said, "Now that the stranger's part of this is gone, let's save something for the next visit."
We got back to the fire and Brian and Pati was still there, and ask us if the oral they were watching was any good. I pointed to the cum still in Jaci's hair and ear lobe as my answer.
We told them we were done and were going to bed now. Pati replied, We are on a break, we were hoping to all fuck together tonight, and maybe mix it up. Mix it up? She was looking at me when she said it. She was not giving up on getting me to fuck her again, and Brian was in on this deal as he wanted more of Jaci. If Pati only knew, well, it was just getting to be like a runaway train, and I for one wanted off.
Fast-forward to the next morning after breakfast, we were all sitting in the great room talking. Pati and Brian seemed to have an agenda and I soon knew what it was. It was very clear that Pati and Brian wanted to do more than watch each other fuck, they really did want to swap partners and do it. It probably would have been a good time for Jaci to declare that she just started her period, it would not be the first time she used that to get out of sex, I can attest to that.
Things were getting dicey, we should have told Pati the truth, we were pretty sure she did not know that Brian and Jaci already fucked before she got there. Neither did she know she sucked his cock the morning before she got there. Then there was the store trip, I doubt very much he told her about any of that, I sure didn't. Pati would not likely have pushed for it if she knew all that. Jaci could have tried to write it off as trying to keep him from leaving. Brian was smart for not sharing, and he was holding the cards. He had a full house if he knew about me and Pati while Jaci and he were on their trip, he had us over a barrel and knew it.
Pati did not help things when said that she wanted Jaci to have his big cock in her while she and I watched. She wanted to pay her friend back for loaning me out to her on the last trip. Brian's story was that he had heard about how awesome Pati and I looked when we fucked. He added that he wanted to watch us, and learn from a pro, pretty hokey line I thought, but what could I say?
Pati did not wait for any objections to what she proposed, she was already on her knees taking my cock and gazing into my eyes. This was not good, but what choice did I have? I did not want to risk having her get the wrong idea again, we seemed to be heading down that road though. Maybe I wanted her as much as she did me, it petrified me.
I should not have let it go further, but I admit I love fucking her as much as Jaci seems to like doing Brian. Having a captive audience is great, and I like that, but Brian and Jaci would not be my choice. So, I gave in, and Pati and I went first. She opened up her legs and gave me a look that melted me. I had such a warm feeling when I entered her. I was loving it and was taking long deep strokes as we gazed into each other's eyes. Then we started to kiss and nuzzle each other. I can't lie, my cock felt so special being back inside he again, I was not expecting that. She had her hands behind my head pulling me down and had almost my whole tongue in her mouth.
Pati had her legs around my ass and was pulling me against her with them. Pati was holding me there as if she was trying to keep my cock in her as deep and as long as possible. I admit I liked it there too, I hated the thought of having to separate from her eventually. I really should have never opened up our naked weekends. How can you turn down a beautiful woman like Pati or Jaci when you're both naked? I guess I may not be as understanding of Jaci, but I really do think she can't resist him being both naked and such a stud.
The feelings I was having were way too deep, they were too much like what I had while making love to Jaci, but she is my wife, and Pati is not.
I should have, but like Jaci with Brian, I could not force myself to cut the session short, I was still stroking slowly as I nuzzled her ear and kissed its lobe. I could feel her breath hit my cheek as she moaned and quivered in pleasure. She was now digging her nails in my back, her trademark I guess, and was telling me how good my cock felt in her. Then she went too far, and said, "I love you, I really do love you." and not in a whisper, her best friend, my wife had to hear her, what was she thinking?
I had to stop it and had no choice but to speed up and get my rocks off. I came in her because I confess that I wanted to feel my cum filling her void like before. We rolled over on our backs and I dreaded looking at Jaci, I was afraid to see her face, things were fucked up.
The view I got was not expected, it was Brian sitting watching us around Jaci who was on his lap riding his dick. Could she not wait? Was she bored watching us? She should have been upset and making a scene, she had a right to be, and maybe she didn't hear Pati's declaration. It caused me to question her love for me.
Brian said, "That was awesome, you two do look like long-time lovers when you fuck, I see why you left such an impression on her that she often talks about you, and how good the sex was with you."
I had no reply, I admit it, I was upset and now I was going to have to watch her get fucked by this kid again. Unlike with Pati, I would have a hard time acting like it was the first time I saw her fuck him.
Pati now had her arms wrapped around my body, her head on my shoulder again as she watched her friend, who was now being fucked by her boyfriend. She did not seem to care and was not having the feelings of regret I was having.
I tried not to focus too much on Jaci, Brian's huge cock filled her, and her legs were wrapped around him. He is so big, it was hard seeing her tiny body interlocked with him again. It was like she was trying to act like it was the first time she took him inside her. She had to talk and praise him too, she was telling him how wonderful it felt, and to fuck her harder. It was like she and I were in an undeclared war, and may have been exaggerating her joy for my benefit. But it was obvious after a while that she was enjoying him, she was making noises that I had never heard her make before.
When Jaci came, she came hard and seemed to be almost out of her head with joy. He announced a cumshot, but she kept her legs tight around him, "Don't pull out, stay inside me, I want to feel you pump your seed inside me."
He was laying back then as she was licking his cock clean with her ass in the air. She wanted us, or probably me to see the creampie he just gave her as she pushed it out, and it dripped from her pussy on the floor. It wasn't hot for me, as it was a pure spite fuck on her part.
I was pissed and trying to get up, I felt like I was in one of those dreams where some force was keeping you down, as you try again and again to get up. I was sure it was over, but it wasn't.
Jaci had other ideas, I would have been soft after a shot like that, but he was still hard enough for her to climb on him reverse cowgirl and then guided his cock in by herself. Talk about lubrication, her cunt was already full and dripping his cum. How could I not be upset, she was goading me by purposely looking straight at Pati and me as she rode and fucked him. I think I would have loved seeing her enjoy this if I had not known about all her previous activities. She fuck him more in one day than I did in the last month. I just did not like the way she looked at me at all, it looked like her, "I'll show you look!" How was that appropriate, I have not denied her any freedoms that weekend, I tried to overlook more than a few incidents, and tried to keep my head when she pushed things.
Pati was not helping, she was egging her on, telling her how hot she looked fucking him. She told her to ride him hard and take all of it. She had motives, she had me in her grasp. She had her hand on my cock and was trying to get me all the way hard. I was pissed off at all three of them, but was next to Pati, and ended up taking it all out on her. I grabbed her and put her down on the floor, and not that delicately. I jammed my cock in her this time and was fucking her from behind. All while I had my hand on the back of her neck squeezing it, and pushing her face into the carpet. I was in a rage I never experienced before, and well, actually with two women, mostly Jaci, but I was taking it all out on Pati. Her biggest part in it was claiming she had fallen in love with me.
She loved it though, she could not have faked the screaming with joy as I continued to pound her. I did not want to even see Jaci I was so mad. I rolled Pati over and then climbed up and stuck my cock in her mouth and face fucked her awhile, jamming my cock down her throat, way too hard and too fast. I was taking my anger out on her, but she loved this too. She was taking all I had as she pulled down on me to keep me there. My cock was deep in her throat when I came again, she was choking on my cum as I pulled out shooting the rest all over her face.
I was just starting to cool down when I heard Jaci yell at me like never before, "Just what the fuck was that all about."
I had nothing to say, I didn't know, and would not even look her way. Instead, I lowered my face to Pati's and kissed her on the lips getting a taste of my cum. I told her how sorry I was for taking my rage against Jaci out on her. But she replied, "I loved it, the way you took control of me you beast, that has to prove to you that I am helplessly in love with you and that you feel something special for me!"
What have I done I thought, how did both of them become cum sluts? Was Jaci trying to make me a cuck?
I got up to leave, and made the mistake of looking at Jaci one last time, she was still impaled by his big cock. She stopped a moment, then looked right into my eyes in defiance and started to ride him hard again. Rode him so hard and fast she had to grab and hold her breasts from flapping out of control. I knew for sure then that this fuck, and the look she gave me during it was one of defiance.
I grabbed a couple of beers and went to the patio to drink them. I was about to finish that first beer when Pati joined me. I tried to summon up some of my sense of humor, and said, "So you got tired of watching your best friend, rape your boyfriend over and over."
It was not the joke in my mind that it was intended to be.
Pati said, "I hope they are about done, no offense but that is the biggest dick that Jaci or I ever had back in our single days and on such a young stud. Jaci looks about ready to pass out from the pounding she encouraged, she does not know it, but she can't out fuck him, I have tried."
I was not looking for company, but I spoke with her. She apologized for any part she played in this mess. Told me she had no feelings for Brian, just enjoys his cock, and fuck buddy. But told me again that she was sorry, but couldn't help being in love with me. She claimed she probably always did carry those feelings. She said, "I always felt jealous every time Jaci told her how you were so good at making her feel loved. I never had that in my marriage, I was just a fuck toy in it. I guess our intimacy just deepened my feelings for you."
I apologized for taking my frustrations out on her and told her, "I think we all had a part in this and said I hope we can get past it, but it is going to take time and effort."
She would do anything for me right then, but I just wanted away from her, and away from the two nymphos in the cabin. So I ask her, "Could you please go in and get the rest of the 8-pack in the fridge? I am going down to the lake and going to take out the pontoon if it starts, if not I am just going to sit there at the dock and finish up the beers."
"Sure," she said, "I can check on them, surely they quit or one will just plain pass out."
"I don't want an update, but you can do me just one more favor. I am going to be gone a couple of hours, please make sure that no one but Jaci is here when I get back and that she has us packed up and ready for a very quiet ride home."
"I can do that" Pati said, "But before I go in there, where do you keep your bucket."
She got me on that one, I did not tell her to clean before she left. I was lost and just looked at her, and said "Bucket?"
She told me, "I may need to fill it full of cold water to dump on the two of them if they are still fucking."
Well, it was the first real laugh I had all weekend, and I needed some humor right then I thanked her and gave her what I hoped for all of our sake was our last nude hug, and tried to make it just a friend-to-friend kiss. I felt some love for her too, just not anywhere as deep as what she was showing me. Then I went to the back door to sneak in and snag some shorts and a shirt for my boat ride.
I came back later to load the car, and yes it was a quiet ride home.