Meet Anita Olsen. The most popular girl in high school, she ruled as president of The Hot Babes Club - and as a bully who tormented Freddie Simpson for being a nerd. Freddie grew up to be a tech billionaire who invented a system of mind control, and life got very different for The Hottest Babe. All characters are over the age of 18.
..................................................
The mirror ball hanging from the ceiling was hopelessly corny. Anita didn't think mirror balls were still a thing, but apparently they remained popular in the small Minnesota town where she grew up. It gave her another reason to feel good about her decision to move to Miami after college. Miami was a city full of beautiful things and beautiful people, although few were as beautiful as her.
She was standing in a circle of women who'd called themselves The Hot Babes Club when they were students at Erickson High School, and Anita was the leader of the pack. A school populated by the descendants of Norwegian and Swedish immigrant farmers had a predictably dull social scene, but Anita and the rest of The Hot Babes did everything they could to climb to the top. Predictably, Anita always reached the pinnacle.
You could see evidence of that in the pictures being projected on a screen near the punch bowl. It showed Anita and her boyfriend Karl when they were king and queen of the prom. A picture of the cheerleading squad showed Anita front and center because she was head cheerleader. One of the pictures from homecoming showed that she and Karl were king and queen then, too. She was absent from most of the other pictures because she didn't participate in choir, marching band, or most other extra-curricular activities. But she had always been good at shoving her way to the front when pictures were taken, so she popped up in a few photos of random scenes of the Class of 2012.
"Don't look now, but Freddie Simpson just walked in," Connie whispered to the rest of The Hot Babes. Anita gave him a sidelong glance and confirmed that he looked completely different than he had 10 years ago, when he was the biggest nerd at the school. He no longer wore thick, heavy glasses. He had a nice haircut and expensive clothes. He looked so buff it was obvious he'd spent a lot of time working out. But the biggest change was the way he held himself. Freddie looked self assured. The experience of launching a successful start-up that made him a tech billionaire had given him the confidence he'd lacked when he was a scrawny, insecure 18 year old.
Several guys flocked toward Freddie when he entered the room. It wasn't because they'd been friends in school - Freddie had no friends back then. But anyone who read the financial press knew all about Freddie's spectacular string of successes. The guys wanted to congratulate Freddie, look him in the eye, and know what it was like to shake the hand of a billionaire.
Anita did her best to look away. She still felt some twinges of guilt over the brutal way she'd bullied Freddie when they were both 18. She'd used her sexy looks like a weapon, taking every opportunity to make sure Freddie knew she thought he was a pathetic loser. She'd recruited other members of The Hot Babes Club into the campaign. It was the typical behavior of a teenage clique whose members make themselves feel better by making some victim feel worse. Freddie was everybody's victim, but especially Anita's.
She briefly considered offering some kind of apology. Freddie deserved one, she knew. But she rejected the idea. She was Anita Olsen, president of the Hot Babes Club. She never apologized. Ever.
"Hello, Anita," said a voice behind her. Anita spun around and found herself face to face with Freddie, a person she'd barely thought about in the 10 years since graduation. He was smiling. It seemed to be a sly smile, suggesting that he knew a secret Anita would never guess.
"Hello, Freddie," Anita said. She had no idea what to say next, so she picked the most obvious possible comment. "You look good," she said. "You've changed a lot."
"And you haven't changed one bit," Freddie said. "You look exactly the way you did the day we graduated."
There was an awkward silence. Anita wished he'd go away. His mere presence was a powerful reminder of the brutal way she'd bullied him, and those were memories she didn't want to revisit. She'd rather talk to the other Hot Babes about all the fun times they'd had putting other girls down.
"A lot of us are a little surprised that you came back here," Anita said. "You must be very busy."
"Oh, my businesses do take a lot of my time, but I wouldn't miss this, Anita. In fact, the only reason I came back is that I wanted to see you again."
That did not sound good. Anita had no desire to hear anything Freddie had to say. Her behavior had been so terrible that she just wanted to forget it. "I'm surprised you even remember me, Freddie," Anita said.
Freddie laughed. "I think about you all the time," he said. "You had a big influence on me, Anita. A lot of my attitudes about women in general are based on the experiences I had with you. The way I treat people is influenced by the way you treated me. In part, I'm the person I am today because of you."
That did not sound good either. Freddie hadn't said anything mean or confrontational, but he was clear and direct enough to make it obvious that the way Anita bullied him had done some emotional damage. Anita didn't know how to respond, so she decided to flee. "Well, it was good seeing you, Freddie. Good luck in the future." With that, she turned to walk toward the ladies' bathroom.
"Halt," Freddie said.
Anita's feet stopped moving. It was as if her shoes were glued to the floor. She struggled to walk, but her legs wouldn't respond. It was alarming.
"Just relax and do as you're told," Freddie said. "You and I have some catching up to do. I've got a limousine outside. Get your coat so we can go."
"I'm supposed to get together with the rest of the girls after this," Anita said. "They are expecting me."
"Well, isn't that nice," Freddie said. "I'll tell you what. You go over to your little clique and tell them you can't make it tonight. Tell them you are going back to the motel with me. Say it in a way that implies you're going to have sex with me. That ought to give those bitches something to gossip about for a long, long time."
With that, Anita found herself walking over to the place where the rest of The Hot Babes were reminiscing over their times together in high school. They were shocked when Anita announced she would skip the party they'd planned for after the reunion, and doubly shocked when she revealed she was taking Freddie back to her motel.
"Anita, won't your fiance object to that?" Connie asked.
He certainly would, Anita thought. "I've got to go," she said.
As she walked away, the rest of The Hot Babes couldn't avoid thinking that Anita was so impressed with Freddie's wealth that she wanted to have sex with a billionaire. Maybe she even wanted to dump her fiance in favor of the boy she used to bully. In the days and weeks ahead, the story of Anita Olsen hooking up with Freddie Simpson would be the most popular piece of gossip for anyone who'd attended the reunion.
Freddie had the driver go to Anita's motel, where he directed her to pack up her suitcases. The driver carried the luggage back to the limousine, then drove to the small airport where Freddie's private jet was waiting. Anita kept trying to get control of herself. She could move, and speak, and she could even object to what was happening, but nothing happened whenever she tried to get away.
"How are you doing this?" she asked.
"That is a very intelligent question," Freddie said. "There's no point in me explaining it. You wouldn't understand. You don't have the background. Besides, it involves proprietary technology. Proprietary is just a fancy word that means it's none of your fucking business. All you really need to know is that you have to do whatever I tell you to do. That's something that's easy to explain, but I expect it's going to take a lot of work to get you to accept just how powerless you are. I've got some plans for ways we can work on that during the flight home."
"Where is home?"
"I live in Palo Alto. If you don't know where that is, just think of Silicon Valley. That's where I live now."
Of course Anita knew where Palo Alto was. She had a feeling that Freddie was making an effort to be rude and condescending.
"My fiance expects me tonight," she said. "I'm supposed to fly back to Miami."
"I know all about that, Anita. Dr. Kenneth is the guy who bought you that marvelous ring, isn't he? Well, you have to tell little Kenny you won't make it back to Miami. Ever. You will remember tonight as the exact moment your life changed. I can't wait to show you how much change is coming."
Freddie ordered her to get out of the car and climb the stairs to his business jet. They were in the air in less than 10 minutes. How did Freddie know about Kenneth? What else did he know about her life?
"Go up to the front of the cabin," Freddie said. "There's a bar up there. Pour me some bourbon on the rocks."
Anita found her body rising from her chair and walking. She got a glass, added some ice, poured a hefty shot of bourbon, then carried it back to Freddie. "Thanks, darling," he said with a smile. "After we have our little talk, I'll let you have a cocktail.Grey Goosevodka, right? I got a bottle just for you."
How did Freddie know the brand of Anita's favorite liquor? She wanted to ask, but Freddie looked like he was about to say something, so she kept her mouth shut to avoid interrupting him.
"It's going to take some time for you to accept the fact that you are well and truely fucked," Freddie said. "I'm sure you'll be slow to understand just how powerless you are, and that from now on I'm in control. So I've got a couple of little exercises to help make that point in a way you'll understand.
"Anita, I'm sure you know that men sometimes like to imagine what a woman looks like naked. It doesn't surprise you that I've wondered how you look naked, does it?"
"No. I'm not surprised."
"But you don't want to show me, do you?"
"No."
"Would you say you are strongly against showing me what you look like naked?"
"Yes. I'm strongly against that."
Anita thought there was something strange about the way she was talking. She wanted to raise her voice and curse at Freddie. Instead, she spoke in an emotionless tone that was formal and forced.
"Yeah, I figured you wouldn't react well if I asked you to strip off all your clothes. This presents an opportunity. A learning moment. Anita, I want you to try something. I'm about to order you to strip naked. Try to resist. Try as hard as you can. Let's see what happens.
"Now. Take off all your clothes."
Anita tried as hard as she could to resist Freddie's instruction. It was completely futile. She stood up in the center of the cabin and removed one piece of clothing after another, draping each item over the back of a chair. Off came her blouse. Skirt. Shoes. Nylons. Bra. She tried as hard as she could to keep from removing her panties, but soon her cute little black thong was on top of the pile of clothes. She could feel Freddie's eyes roam up and down her body.
"You're blushing!" Freddie said, smiling. "I mean, REALLY blushing! Your whole face is bright red, your neck is red, and there's a pink flush half way down your tits! How cute. Anita, you are just adorable when you're naked. Turn around so I can see everything."
She turned around slowly, feeling equal parts shame and embarrassment. This just kept getting worse.
"Alright darling, have a seat so we can finish our little talk," Freddie said. Anita reached for her panties, but Freddie waved his hand. "No, don't put your clothes back on yet. I'm enjoying the view too much."
Anita sat down and used her hands to try to cover herself. Freddie took each hand and moved it out of the way, giving him the best possible view of her naked body. "Leave your hands down at your sides. Like this," he said.
He took a sip of his bourbon, leaned back in his chair, and smiled. "This is even better than I imagined. I mean, I knew it would happen exactly like this. I didn't realize I'd enjoy it so much. Anita, you and I are going to have lots of fun together.
"And I mean that literally. Your life is about to get a lot better. That is the absolute truth. I imagine that's hard to believe right now, but you are about to get everything you've ever wanted. You want to live in a big, fancy house, right? I've got a terrific mansion in California, and five vacation homes in some of the nicest spots on earth. Aspen. Tuscany. Fiji. Hawaii. France. You're going to love them all, I guarantee it.
"You like expensive clothes, jewelry, and all that other girly stuff, right? You are about to start filling up a closet that's bigger than your bedroom in Miami.
"And you like sex, don't you? I mean, you've fucked dozens of guys over the years, right? You are about to have more sex, and better sex, than you ever imagined possible. That little session you had with Karl last night is going to seem pretty tame compared to what's going to happen next.
"But I know that you don't believe any of this. Just remember what I told you to expect. In six months, you're going to tell me that every promise I made to you tonight came true - and more besides."
Anita had a hard time focusing on Freddie's words. Being naked while Freddie was fully clothed gave her a profoundly humiliating feeling. She kept trying to break free of the hold he had over her, and she failed each time. "I've been thinking of the best way to introduce you to your new life, and I decided that we should begin by saying goodbye to your old life," Freddie said. He opened a small compartment and pulled out a telephone. She'd never seen one like it before.
"This is a satellite phone that allows us to make calls from here in the jet. I want you to call some people and tell them goodbye. Let's start with your fiance, Kenneth. I want you to call him up and tell him the engagement is over. Tell him you hooked up with a guy from your high school reunion, and that you're going to go live in his mansion in California."
Anita got pale. "That's going to hurt his feelings a lot," she said.
"Actually, I think it will hurt his feelings less than you think," Freddie said. "For the last few months, I've had private investigators following you and the people closest to you. I can promise that Kenny won't be hurt as much as you think. But let's find out. Give him a call."
She tried to resist, but Anita's fingers seemed to move on their own as she dialed Kenneth's number. When she explained she wouldn't be back, there was a long pause. Freddie heard the whole exchange because he had Anita do it on speakerphone.
Finally, Kenneth spoke. "I guess I should be thanking you," he said. "I had no idea that you're this kind of person. Thank you for letting me know before we got married. I would hate to try starting a life with a horrible person like you."
Anita shed a tear, said goodbye, and hung up. Freddie laughed. "What a hypocrite!" he said. "Last night, while you were having reunion sex with Karl, Kenneth was on top of a hot little nurse named Karla. She's hispanic, and she is mucho caliente. Karla knows all about you, and she has been doing everything she can to convince Kenneth she'd be a better wife than you. I'm not sure exactly what she's been doing, but my guess is that it involves blowjobs. Lots and lots of blowjobs. My investigators didn't think she was making much progress, but that might change now that you're out of the picture. You should watch his social media. If you start seeing pictures of Kenneth with a hot little babe named Karla, you can safely assume you've been replaced."
Anita was furious. Kenneth was cheating! How dare he! She didn't care that she'd been cheating as well. She'd cheated on every boyfriend she'd ever had, but that was different. She was entitled. At least, that was what she'd always thought.
"OK, now it's time for you to call your boss. You can reach her at home. Tell her you quit, and you won't be back. That's going to be pretty inconvenient for her, since there's no one prepared to pick up your accounts. It's going to be especially inconvenient since you've having sex with so many men in charge of your biggest accounts. Your boss suspects you're doing that, but she doesn't care since it helps with sales. Man, she is going to be pissed in a major way."
Freddie was right. Anita's boss started screaming a few seconds after Anita announced she was quitting without notice. Freddie heard the whole thing on speakerphone, and he could barely keep himself from laughing out loud.
"I guess you're never going to work in pharmaceutical sales again, are you?" Freddie said. "Say goodbye to that part of your life."
The final call went to Anita's parents. Freddie made her tell them she was breaking up with Kenneth to go live with a man she'd just connected with a few hours earlier. Her parents weren't dumb. They'd always known that Anita's first concern had always been Anita, but they were very surprised that she was acting in a way that was so transparently terrible. Only a slut would do that. They knew she was a slut, but she'd always done a good job concealing that from everybody.
"Ok, that's it for the calls. Your old life is officially over, and your new life can begin," Freddie said.
He handed Anita his empty glass. "Go refill this for me, darling. And walk slowly. I want to watch your every move," he said. Anita walked to the front of the cabin gracefully, imagining she was a model on a catwalk. It was impossible not to be aware of the intensity of Freddie's staring at her nakedness.
"The next item on tonight's agenda involves sex," Freddie said. "I'm going to ask you a question, and I want an absolutely honest answer. What do you think of the idea of having sex with me?"
"I hate it," Anita said. "You are the last man on earth I'd want in my bed."
"That's what I thought," Freddie said, smiling even wider. "It's time for me to tell you something you don't know. I imagine that by now you understand that I can make you do whatever I want. You've probably already figured out that if I told you to lay back and spread your legs for me, that's exactly what you'd do. But you wouldn't enjoy that, would you? You know I can make you do anything, but you probably think I have no way to control the way you feel about it. Is that about right?"
"Yes. You can have my body, but you can't have my mind," Anita said.
"You would think that, wouldn't you? I mean, I'm sure your mind has resisted almost everything I've told you to do, right? You hated when I told you to get naked, right? What you don't realize is that I can control the way you feel about things, too. For example, you love being naked in front of me, don't you? It's exciting, isn't it? You want to show me every inch of that beautiful body, don't you?"
A rush swept over Anita from the top of her head to the tips of her toes. She felt wonderful about being naked, especially in front of Freddie. She loved the look of lust in his eyes. She sat up straighter and stuck out her chest to put her breasts on display. It felt wonderful.
"That's nice, isn't it?" Freddie asked.
"Yes," Anita said. She felt a tiny part of her brain was protesting, but the main thing she felt was a sense of arousal at being naked in front of this man.
"It gets better," Freddie said. "You love sex, don't you? You love it most when it's with me. There are lots of things you won't do with most men, but you'll do them with me, won't you? It doesn't matter if I have you suck my cock, if I fuck your pussy, or if I fuck your ass. No matter what we do together, you absolutely love it. Sex with me arouses you more than sex with any man you've known so far. I will give you more orgasms. I will give you stronger orgasms. There's nothing you want more than to have sex with me. Isn't that true?"
"Yes. I want to have sex with you," Anita said. She knew she meant every word, but it still sounded strange hearing it. She couldn't help but wonder if Freddie actually had the ability to change her attitude about something so fundamental to her being. She'd loathed Freddie since they were both teenagers. Could he really make her this hot for him?
They'd soon find out.
"My investigators learned a lot of things about you, Anita. You'd be surprised how talkative people get when you give them enough money. Karl had a lot to say about you, and what a nasty woman you are. Connie said the same. My guys talked to a lot of people, and we didn't find a single one who actually likes you as a person. Kenneth said he likes having sex with you, and he thinks it will be fun showing off a wife as sexy as you. But love? No.
"We were able to learn that you'll jump into bed with lots of men. The fact that you love cock is a big part of who you are as a woman. But there's one question we never answered. Tell me, Anita. Do you like sucking cock?"
"Not really," she said. "I don't do that for most men. I do it sometimes when I want a man to stay with me. I did it for Kenneth because he's a bigshot doctor who can have any woman he wants. I imagined he felt entitled to a woman who'd suck his cock. But I get no pleasure from it."
"Do you let men cum in your mouth? Do you swallow?"
"I never swallow," Anita said. "I don't like the taste, and cum is yucky. I spit into a tissue after a man cums. The only man I've let cum in my mouth is Kenneth. I had no choice. If I wanted him to marry me, I had to do that."
"Interesting. I'm sure a lot of women are like that, Anita. They give blowjobs out of a sense of obligation. Or maybe they are just being generous - doing something they don't enjoy themselves because they want to please the man they love. I've heard that some women take great pride in their skills as cocksuckers, and they do it so they can show off their sexual skills. All good reasons, I guess."
Anita wasn't sure where this was going, but she suspected it would end with Freddie's cock in her mouth. "Here's the deal, Anita. You've had a change of heart about blowjobs. You love them. You love the way a cock feels inside your mouth. You love the male taste. You particularly love how it feels when a man cums in your mouth. You love the taste of cum, and you love swallowing it. When a man starts to cum in your mouth, you suck a little harder so you can suck every drop from his balls and down to your belly."
Once again, Anita felt a wave of arousal sweep through her body. She glanced at the front of Freddie's pants and wondered what was in there. He looked at her face and was able to guess what she was thinking.
"Get on your knees in front of me," he said.
As Anita got into position, Freddie stood up so the front of his pants were in Anita's face. "Go ahead," he said. "Do what you want to do."
She unbuckled his belt, unzipped his pants, and lowered them to the floor. Freddie wore boxer shorts, which she removed next. To her amazement, Freddie had the biggest cock she had ever seen. For a moment she wondered if this was some kind of hallucination he'd forced on her. It wasn't. That big hunk of meat had always been there. When they were both in high school, Anita would have never guessed that Freddie carried such a huge cock between his legs.
She sucked the head between her lips and realized that giving Freddie a blowjob was going to be challenging. There was no way that whole cock would fit inside her mouth. It was so thick she had to open her mouth wide enough it strained her jaw. But it was worth it. Anita hadn't realized that sucking a cock could be so much fun, and Freddie had the best cock she'd ever sucked.
Things got even tougher as Freddie got hard. When he was fully erect, Anita could get less than half into her mouth. She wrapped one hand around the part of the shaft that wouldn't fit, then realized it would take two hands to do the job. She stroked up and down, then bobbed her head as she sucked harder. This was wild. Exciting. If Freddie was so big, did that mean he also had an extra large load of cum? She hoped so. She was anxious to taste it. Anxious to swallow it. Anxious to feel it in her belly.
Freddie looked down at the top of Anita's head as he enjoyed the feel of her hot little mouth. It was a bit disappointing that most of his cock didn't fit inside her mouth, but she was doing a good job compensating with her hands. She'd learn how to take his cock. Lots of porn actresses take enormous cocks by doing deepthroat. Anita would learn that skill soon.
For obvious reasons, Freddie didn't like parts of Anita's personality. He felt she was a horrible person when they were teenagers together at Erickson High School. He'd wondered if she'd become a better person as she grew and matured, but was not terribly surprised when his investigators learned she was the same cruel bitch she'd always been. Ironically, Freddie had always had a big crush on Anita. He was attracted to her beauty, of course, but he also saw something in the way she took control of situations.
It was obvious why she was prom queen, homecoming queen, head cheerleader, president of The Hot Babes, and the girl standing on the top rung of the school's social ladder. When Freddie invented the technology that gave him so much power over people, he knew he could never use it on anyone he truly respected. One day he made a list of all the people he did not respect, and the name at the top was Anita Olsen, president of the Hot Babes Club and his self-appointed tormentor.
She was such an awful person in so many ways that Freddie realized it would be an improvement if he took away all her freedom. Anita wouldn't be able to cheat on boyfriends, be cruel to women who weren't as beautiful, or use her sexuality as a weapon. He was anxious to see how much Anita would change as she settled into her new life as a slave.
Anita could tell that Freddie was about to cum. He made gasping noises, and his cock began to throb. She sucked harder and moved faster, anxious to feel his cum in her mouth, anxious to swallow every drop.
The taste was wonderful. Anita swooned when Freddie's hot, gooey load blasted into her mouth. He put one hand on the back of her head so he could thrust all the way into the back of her throat. She almost gagged, but Freddie stopped short of pushing too far. She continued sucking, and sucking, and sucking as Freddie came, and came, and came. She kept sucking until he got soft, and his cock slipped from between her lips.
Then, something remarkable happened. Anita had an orgasm. It was a tiny one. Barely there. But she'd never had an orgasm like that before. She'd always required stimulation on her clit, either from a cock or a man's tongue. She'd had no idea it was even possible to cum from giving a blowjob. She imagined that she'd made a mistake by avoiding blowjobs for so many years. But then she realized it wouldn't be the same with any other man. Sucking Freddie's cock was different.
"Tell me what you thought of that, and be absolutely honest," Freddie said.
"That was incredible," Anita said. "I loved every part of it. I'm going to want to do that again soon. I don't know if you could tell, but that made me cum. I didn't even know that was possible."
"Good, darling. I'm glad you liked that. I was telling you the truth when I said your life is about to get a lot better. I'm going to take you to beautiful places. Buy you beautiful things. Take good care of your body and mind. And I'm going to give you the best sex you've ever had."
For the first time, Anita believed it. Freddie was telling the truth.
He told her they'd be landing soon, so she needed to put her clothes back on. He told her to take her time so she didn't look like a disheveled mess as they left the plane. He didn't want to advertise the fact that he'd inducted Anita into the Mile High Club during the flight from Minnesota. She brushed her hair and looked as nice as she had when they'd climbed aboard.
"There's just one more thing you need to do," Freddie said.
"What?" Anita said.
"It's going to take some time for you to wrap your head around the idea that your old life is gone. It's hard to say goodbye. What I want you to do is take off that big engagement ring Kenneth gave you. Your engagement to him is over, and you need to accept that. Take that ring into the bathroom and flush it down the toilet. Watch as it goes down the drain, and think about what that means."
Anita thought it was a shame to get rid of such a big diamond. She considered asking Freddie if he wanted to have the stone removed from the setting and reused in some other piece of jewelry. But then she remembered that he could afford all the jewelry he wanted; holding on to a diamond associated with her old life wasn't something he'd want.
She went to the bathroom, tossed the ring in the toilet, and flushed. As it disappeared, she said goodbye to her past, and hello to her future.
.................................
How is Freddie doing all this? Find out in Chapter 3.