I spat this one out pretty fast, a very short one-off tale of exhibitionism. For those who like loads of sex, this will greatly disappoint. However, if you want a quick appetizer, before you go on to read bigger and better stories tonight, this might entertain you. Cheers!
*****
I'd heard of The Diva Spot from Alice Higgins. Supposedly, no other spa pampered you as much as this place. It was expensive, $850 for a four-hour treatment of pedicure, manicure, massage, tanning session and facial. I'd been hesitant to include the massage in my treatment, as it had been ages since I'd shown myself naked to anyone other than David. Not that he cared.
David bought a few thousand dollars worth of bitcoin the first year it came out, forgot about it, and then when he remembered years later, cashed most of it in. We had money pouring out of our ears, and the idea of a lavish spa treatment appealed to me. At least for one try. I never would have considered such a luxury when we were considered "middle class".
Alice was right. The moment they got you in, one was pampered. An assistant went to work immediately on my feet. They kicked me back in a chair, put headphones on me and took my shoes off. As I was in a summer dress, nothing else needed to come off. I'd had a pedicure a few times before, but this woman's hands were magic. The music in the headphones was hypnotic and allowed me to relax. I closed my eyes for brief periods of time, absorbing the attention to my feet.
Soon, two other attractive women came over, sitting next to me on either side. They pulled a table up and picked up my hands, first soaking them in a solution and then working them with a file and clippers. The attention to detail impressed me, considering how quickly they performed their tasks. Within forty-five minutes, my nails had been perfectly manicured, painted and dried with the help of heating lamps.
Then one of the girls led me to the back. It was thoughtful that they helped new customers navigate the large spa. There were saunas, pools, hot tubs and more. We approached a counter where a young woman wearing a thin, black dress asked, "Miss Adams. Is this your first time tanning this year?"
"Oh, I tan regularly at another place. I've been three times this year already."
"Okay, then you're allowed up to twenty minutes. We don't want to hurt your skin, of course. Would you like the bed or the chamber?"
"The chamber is that standing one, right?" I asked. "I think I would prefer to lay down."
"Excellent, most people do. Would you like a voyeur, or an empty room?"
"Excuse me?" I asked. Did I hear her right? Did I want a voyeur?
The hostess smiled, "Oh, you must not be aware of all of all our options. We offer this service for housewives."
"Housewives?"
"Yes, it's just a little controlled fun - an extra, if you will - that allows you to enjoy the fond gaze of a fit young man, while tanning."
"Why would anyone want that?" I gasped.
"Most do it, ma'am," the girl said, in a flat tone. She almost sounded offended that I might be offended.
I paused, not sure how to respond, "Really? Oh, I.. I see... uh..."
"Maybe I should explain exactly what it is," said the girl. It looked as if she held back the desire to roll her eyes, tired of explaining this to new customers. "You go into the tanning booth, and we'll send one of our male employees in to sit next to you. He is only allowed to watch. We ask that you do not talk, or engage with our employee in any other way, while in the tanning booth. This assures us that we are never at risk of a sexual harassment claim."
"But..."
"Allowing an attractive man to admire your body is in no way a violation of anything, nor is it against the law. We allow it to take place discretely, consensually, while tanning. He'll be watching you until you finish, or when you ask him to leave."
"I guess it's legal and all, but... I mean, if there is consent from everybody... but what if the guys don't like what they see?"
"They are trained to respond positively to every woman who would wish to enjoy such an experience. To be... appreciated. So, shall I have one sent to your room? It's number four." The girl passed a card with a magnetic strip to me.
I took a deep breath in. "You know what? Why not? I think David might get a kick out of it when I tell him." David always egged me on to flash my tits every time we went to Mardi Gras, though it had been almost four years since we last went. He always seemed to enjoy watching other people fawn over me.
"Excellent, enjoy." The clerk waved her arm in the direction of the room.
I took the hint and took the short stroll over. After swiping the key card through the lock, I entered. It was larger than most tanning rooms I'd been in, with a side table and scented candles, a radio, flowers, and a full wall mirror. There was also a chair perched about ten feet away from the tanning booth. I quickly disrobed putting my clothes in a pile on the small table. In seconds, I was laying face up, fully naked inside the machine. I hadn't yet closed it, when the door opened.
A tall, shockingly handsome man nodded, smiling broadly when we saw me, before closing the door behind him. He made his way in, taking a seat in the chair provided. I dared not move. Instead, a short stint of panic raced through my mind. 'Why did I agree to this?' I asked myself.
I awkwardly turned my head and nodded to him with a forced grin. My heavy tits lay at my sides and I noticed he took special attention to them. I had a small strip of pubic hair, and he didn't seem mind that either when he paused to view it. I found myself watching my voyeur, and each brief moment that passed got me into it more. The stranger genuinely seemed to be enjoying this, so either he liked my hourglass figure, or he could win an Oscar. He even inched the chair a little closer and leaned in.
I inhaled, allowing my breasts to heave, then I gave them a little jiggle. My pussy was beginning to dampen. I reached down to feel, discovering I was more wet than expected. I quickly withdrew my hand, a bit embarrassed. The man's eye caught my discomfort, and he reassured me by giving me a quick wink. He then went back to gazing up and down my naked body.
I wanted to cover, but I also didn't want to. I felt my pussy beginning to throb as I stared at the young man. Far too quickly, a timer dinged to inform me to turn over. I did, but I shifted so that one breast could clearly be seen on the side of my voyeur. I arched my ass in the air just a bit, too, trying to make it not too obvious I was enjoying myself.
The man still gazed on. In fact, he just stared shamelessly. He didn't take his eyes off for even a moment, until the final ring of the timer, and the lid rose up. The man didn't move out of his chair, as I struggled to get out of the tanning bed. Instead, he just continued to ogle my tits and my ass, making it obvious he was enjoying every lasting second of it. I was about to dress, when the door opened again. It was one of the hostesses.
"It's time for your massage, ma'am," she said. "Just the towel is fine, unless you would like to be massaged in your underwear."
"I can go naked?" I asked.
"Yes, of course. Also, would you like a male or female attendant?"
"Oh, I don't guess it matters," I said.
"Fine, and a public or private booth?"
"I'm sorry?"
"You can get a massage in the main room of the Relax Station, or you may take a private booth."
"Who is in the main room?" I asked, daunted they had a 'public' room for massages.
"Just any that choose to be there, such as yourself, and our assistants, and other voyeurs, of course."
"Oh, I see," I said. "Well, I guess whatever is fine. What do you suggest?"
"Did you enjoy your experience tanning?"
"Actually, yes. Very much." I turned to my voyeur, who was still actively engaging in the act. I suppose he wasn't allowed to leave until I did.
"We'll let Tyrone handle you in the main chamber. Whenever you're ready."
"Give me just a minute."
"Yes, ma'am." She left, closing the door behind her, leaving me with the male voyeur, who still patiently sat in his chair, ogling me.
"I suppose you don't leave until I do, right?" He didn't say anything, but I saw the affirmation in his eyes. "The girl at the desk said I wasn't allowed to engage with you in any way, but she didn't say I couldn't engage with myself. Please... watch."
I stood tall, not two feet in front of him, my large breasts pointed directly at him. I was shaking, a bit embarrassed with what I was about to do, but forcing myself through it. A fantasy come true for me. I closed my eyes, spread my legs and took my right hand to my clit, rubbing slowly. With my left hand, I grabbed the closest nipple, twisting it, continuing this for some time before finally sliding two fingers inside.
I quivered, whimpering, and slowly opened my eyes. To my satisfaction, the man was still serving as my voyeur, but to great delight, he had pure lust in his eyes. His cock was raging high in his tight pants. I pumped faster, unable to contain myself. "You want to fuck me, don't you?" I asked him.
The man quickly scanned to the door and the ceiling, but then nodded furiously, staying silent. It made me even hornier for him to admit so much to me. Juices poured off my fingers as I drove them deeper inside. In seconds, I was gushing, reeling into an orgasm, my breasts and body shivering and shaking in front of this handsome stranger.
"Well, thank you," I said, after catching a breath, composing myself. I picked up the towel and tossed it over my shoulder, then turned to the stranger, allowing him one final look. "If this was the tanning session, I can't wait for the massage."
Finally, he spoke, "Don't forget to ask for the facial."