I lived in a small development well off the beaten path. There are six houses, 3 on each side set up facing each other. Across the way lived 3 married couples. I lived in the middle unit on my side with a retired married couple on one side and a single man I'd flirted with occasionally in passing on the other.
My main bedroom was near the front of the house and had a large bay window that faced across. I often left the curtains open to bask in the natural light of the morning. Standing in front of it, stretching and lost in thought, I looked across to my neighbor across the way. He has a big smile as he waves to me. I smiled and waved back, before turning to enter my closet. Having just exited the shower, when I look into the mirror in my closet I'm greeted with the reflection of my completely naked figure. I pause, realizing why he might have been smiling so much as I'd just flashed my neighbor, showing him everything unabashedly. He didn't know I was unaware, he probably just assumed I was a dirty little slut.
I finished getting ready for work then exited my front door heading for my car. Across the way, that same neighbor from earlier was entering his own car. Surprisingly he just offers me a genuine smile and wave, as if everything was normal. He must have seen me though because he waved. Did he just assume I was a nudist and not some brazen exhibitionist exposing my goodies for the neighborhood to view because I got off on it?
The encounter dominated my thoughts all day. I barely got any work done as various fantasy scenarios played out in my head, turning me on. When I got home I rushed upstairs, making sure the curtains were closed this time, before stripping down and laying on my bed. Setting up my laptop to play one of my favorite porn videos, I fished my rabbit toy out of my nightstand and got myself off to several loud and satisfying orgasms. Afterwards I blushed thinking of how my bedroom shared a wall with the single guy next door, wondering if he might have heard my wanton moans of pleasure. Instead of embarrassing me, it turned me on more that he might have. It was too bad I couldn't give him a show.
As I woke up the next morning I made sure to pull my curtains wide open again before taking my shower. I carefully shaved my body bare from the neck down. Holding my head high and my back straight, my firm tits jutting forward with my nipples hard as rocks I strutted in front of that bay window again. I stood just inches from it this time and as it went almost to the floor my body was on complete display. This time though I wasn't greeted only by the neighbor across the way. He must have informed the ones on either side as now I faced 3 smiling and waving men. My body tingled as I stood there exhibiting myself without shame like this was totally normal. I watched as their eyes trailed up and down my form, devouring my exposed goodies with honest appreciation, not leers.
After a few minutes I turned, offering them a view of my backside as I entered my closet to dress for the day. In a repeat of yesterday they all waved to me as we got in our cars for work, acting like everything was normal and I hadn't just exposed myself completely for their enjoyment. My work day was again unproductive as I imagined myself upping the ante this morning. Maybe lifting my foot up on the sill, spreading my most secret place open to them. Then perhaps my hands would slide down my body, playing with my stiff nipples before moving down to slide inside me before I got myself off for them. Showing them not only my body but my most intimate moment. I shivered in excitement at my desk.
Upon arriving home I made sure to pull the curtains closed again before stripping off and laying on my bed. This time though I faced my wide open legs towards the covered window. As I pushed my toy inside myself I closed my eyes and imagined I had instead left the curtains open. That the three were now watching me as I degraded myself for their enjoyment. I lifted my butt into the air, thrusting against my toy as I came hard. After licking it clean and putting it away I strutted over and whipped open the curtains, staring across with my hair disheveled and my body glistening in sweat and arousal. Sadly no one saw that view so I pouted and went downstairs to finish out an otherwise normal night.
All that week I continued putting on shows for my admirers across the way. I was completely exposed but kept my more scandalous behavior for when the curtains were shut. Just a few minutes of flashing them and allowing them to drink it in before getting ready for the day. They all continued to act normal when I saw them outside, as if they didn't know every nook and cranny of my body hidden under my outfits. That is until Friday when I walked out for my show and in the middle window across the way was not my neighbor but his wife. I froze in panic as her eyes trailed up and down my body and she offered me a raised eyebrow and a coy wave. For the first time ashamed of my actions I darted into my closet and dressed. This time as I left for work I didn't make eye contact with anyone across the way as I left for work.
After a weekend where I made sure I was fully covered and my curtains always tightly shut I skipped performing for my appreciative audience Monday and Tuesday as well. After I got home on Tuesday I got a text from the wife that had seen me in the window. She explained that the husbands were all missing my shows and that she hadn't meant to startle me, just wanted a peek as well. All of the husbands had come clean right away to their wives so there were no secrets or scandals. In fact, all three of them were very appreciative of my efforts. They'd all had babies in the last year or two and as a result their sex lives had mellowed quite a bit. My little shows had gotten their husbands fired up and been a boon, leaving them all well satisfied.
Concluding she said that she hoped I'd continue to titillate the men so that they could reap the rewards. In fact, they'd come to an agreement that as long as it was just a show I was welcome to go as far as I wanted. She stopped short of asking me specifically to touch myself for the husbands, but the implication was clear. Lastly she mentioned that she'd been talking to the older couple next to me and the wife was also keen to get in on the deal. Her husband didn't know yet, but she requested if he could come over to watch tomorrow. I paused taking this all in. Not only could I continue my exhibitionist exploits, but without any shame - encouragement in fact instead. Taking a deep breath I responded that my elderly neighbor could join her husband tomorrow but warned his heart better be strong as I was going to really put on a show.
The next morning I exited the bathroom nude then grabbed a chair and pulled it up right in front of the window. Sitting down I looked across at eight sets of eyes this morning as all 3 wives had joined their husbands and the elderly couple had joined them as well. I met no looks of judgment although the elderly husband looked shocked as he glanced across to me, then back to his wife. She spoke to him for a moment as a grin spread across his face, then he looked across and gave me an enthusiastic thumbs up.
Stifling a laugh I nodded back, then scooted my butt forward to the edge of the chair. I lifted my feet up and planted them on the window, spreading myself open wide for them. Both hands slowly started to massage my tits, fingers teasing my nipples as I let my arousal build. I bit my lip and held off as long as I could before my right hand drifted down to my pussy. I pulled back the hood of my clit, flicking it softly as I moaned in pleasure, before increasing the pace. I looked directly across at my audience, watching them as they saw me wantonly touch myself for their enjoyment. Everything was on display. I wove the waves of pleasure as long as I could before I shuddered, eyes unfocused, cumming harder than I ever had. After a few moments I managed to get my bearings and look across to see them all applauding. I blushed, waved goodbye, and went to clean myself up before getting dressed.
The rest of the week I continued my shows. Thursday I acted out the fantasy of putting my foot up on the sill and touching myself as I got off to an orgasm standing up. Friday I repeated my earlier private show on my bed, thrusting my crotch up as I came hard, my legs splayed open provocatively. Always to a full and appreciative audience before those of us with jobs left for work. On Friday when I got home from work the elderly wife next door greeted me with a knowing smile and a tin of homemade cookies as a thank you. She has a mischievous gleam in her eye as she said she hasn't been this satisfied in decades and it was the least she could do for her new favorite neighbor. I blushed a little but thanked her for the treats.
As I entered my house I received another text from the wife that had discovered and encouraged me with an invite for dinner that night. She told me to dress however I wanted, if I needed to at all. I just sent back some laughing emojis and accepted. Despite my confidence of performing sex shows for my other neighbors, the gentlemen next to me still didn't know what a harlot I was yet and it felt very different running around bare in the neighborhood versus my bedroom, even though it was mostly semantics. I decided to split the difference sliding on slinky heels, a choker necklace, and a short cocktail dress with nothing underneath.
The wife greeted me with a smile and hug, admiring the dress. She passed out drinks to all of us while dinner finished cooking. After repeated compliments on my dress she cheekily asked if she could try it on, sliding her own dress off and standing in front of us wearing lacy underwear with her hand out. She could obviously tell I was nude underneath so I shrugged, finished my drink, set it down, then grabbed the bottom of the dress and whipped it off handing it over. As her husband admired my bare body up close for the first time, she pulled it over her head and sashayed around. Then the timer in the kitchen went off. Grabbing her dress she told us to sit at the table and went to get the food.
In only heels and my choker I sat at the table as she served us, everyone pretending it was completely normal. The meal was good and after that we sat for a few more drinks in their living room. At first I kept my legs crossed primly but again the wife gave me a mischievous look, then pointed down at my crotch with her first two fingers together, before spreading them apart suggestively, looking back up with a raised eyebrow. Gathering my courage I uncrossed my legs and slowly spread them apart. She smiled and they both trailed their gaze down my body, over my pert nipples and down to my glistening and obviously aroused pussy. They didn't make eye contact again for the rest of the night just devouring my inflamed and exposed goodies as I simmered.
Finally we stood and she walked me to the door. I reached out asking for my dress back but she just turned her head to the side and asked if she could keep it. The obvious implication being I should walk across to my house completely bare to the world. I paused, nodded, took a deep breath and stepped outside. As my senses flared to the new sensations of the setting sun and soft breeze on my skin, ticking my arousal up further I suddenly became aware I wasn't alone. In all the driveways stood my neighbors, apparently alerted of my new escapade by my mischievous host. All of them were smiling and admiring her except my confused single neighbor who, until now, had been unaware of my adventures and was now drinking in my unexpected exposure in a very pleased manner.
Realizing I could either run inside in shame or embrace my new sexuality I strutted sultrily over and stood before him, legs apart, one hand on my hip as it jutted to the side. Everything I had was exposed to his gaze and he drank it all in. I cocked one eyebrow up as he met my eyes, offering a flirty "what's a matter, didn't read the new covenants?"
He just laughs, shaking his head. "Obviously I wasn't consulted but I'm a big fan. You are... just divine if you don't mind me saying so. Not that I'm complaining, but what brought this on and can I expect more in the future?"
I invited him into my place and leaned back against my kitchen island facing him. I told him all about my recent adventures and how the mischievous wife had caught me, encouraged me, and then apparently set me up to be seen by him. About how I'd had a little crush on him forever so I was glad he was now in on the secret. He revealed he'd had a crush as well as we realized we'd been set up. Just then I got a text and held it up for him to read after I was done. Our little matchmaker was asking me if I could get him to put on a show for the wives tomorrow. I raised an eyebrow. "You game?"
He took a deep breath and then nodded. "In for a penny, in for a pound I guess."
I smirked impishly at him. "Oh I definitely expect to be pounded. Regularly."
The next morning I strutted up to the window per normal looking across at 8 excited voyeurs. Then he came up behind me. His long, thick penis which had treated me well last night was fully erect. He looked across the way at the wives before bending me over as I planted my hands on the window and spread my legs open for him. Grabbing my hips he thrust deeply inside me, then began rutting me with a forceful rhythm as I moaned in pleasure. After several moments I cried out, shaking as I came hard. He gave me a few slow thrusts as I came down then slid out of me still erect and unsatisfied. Turning around I moved him so he was sideways in profile, showcasing his amazing cock for our audience. Then I dropped to my knees enveloping him in my mouth and bobbing my head up and down greedily until he grabbed my hair and buried himself to the hilt, cumming in my mouth. I purred and swallowed his seed before licking him clean. Standing, we both turned towards our audience and waved at them with smiles.
Glancing over to him I said "You know, we could make this a regular thing. They don't seem to mind."
He paused, then his cock started getting hard again. "Sure, at least until we get new neighbors."
I smiled, then grabbed his erection and led him back towards my bed before laying on my back and spreading myself wide for him to enter me again. I guess we all were going to have a very open and healthy sex life for the foreseeable future. I had the best neighbors.