After my first trip to the nude beach, and the intense feelings I felt when others saw me naked, I started to fantasise A LOT about being seen naked.
I was going back to my secret field every couple of days to keep my even tan, but at night in my dreams I was naked and exposed to the world, who stared and pointed at my body and at my smooth pussy as I spread my legs for them. Just like last summer, I was waking up to a massive wet patch on the bed, and more than once with my hand between my legs.
Ever since that trip to the beach, I had been planning to go back. Unfortunately, between social commitments and the weather, it was a whole month before I could go back.
It had been torture! As each weekend would approach, I would get more and more excited, only to have something come up, or check the weather and see clouds and lightning bolt symbols. It was so disappointing.
When the weekend finally came around and the planets aligned, I was so excited I almost couldn't sleep! I packed everything the night before, but tossed and turned for hours before dreaming about being naked in front of a large crowd of clothed beachgoers.
I woke to find the usual large damp patch under me, with the sheets tangled in knots around me. I got dressed (a light summer dress that reached to about mid-thigh), and tried to eat breakfast as slowly as possible.
I pecked my parents on the cheek and headed out to the creaking lump of metal otherwise known as my car. The sun was already warm on my skin as I got into the driver's seat and pulled out.
You couldn't wipe the smile off my face as I headed towards the coast, music playing as the sun shone through the car window. After half and hour, I realised I was getting quite a bit of sun. I shifted my dress up to avoid a tan line on my thighs. This feels quite naughty, I thought to myself. Unfortunately, the car cast a shadow mid-thigh and on my arms anyway. I had better put some suncream on. I pulled over.
I rummaged in my bag till I found the cream, then started massaging it into my arms and thighs. Oh God - I was already so horny and I hadn't even got to the beach yet! I got back behind the wheel, then shifted my dress up again so it would leave a tan line. Then I shifted it up a bit more. And a bit more, until my panties were showing. Hmmmm. Did I dare?
I looked around. There were not many cars on the motorway, and no houses in sight. I quickly slipped my fingers under the elastic of my panties, and slid them down over my knees and kicked them off. I glanced down at my smooth hairless lips, then up at the road again with my heart racing. Oh, this was intense!
I put the key in the ignition, started the motor, and set off on my way again, my thighs in the sun and my pussy on display.
By the time I arrived I was intermittently touching myself (between gear changes), and dripping wet. I got out and saw I'd left a wet patch on the seat. Damn it. Hopefully it wouldn't leave a stain. There were quite a few cars in the car park already, and I became quite aware that I wasn't wearing any underwear! I pushed my dress down and started down the path to the beach.
I almost skipped down the path, feeling my dress brushing against my knees, and my moist lips slick against my legs with each step. I overtook a youngish couple on the path, smiling as I passed and feeling my heart flutter as my dress flapped up a little as I passed them. I was aware of my long legs being on show as I walked in front of them, and felt extremely naked with no panties on!
I danced out onto the sand, and spun around breathing in the fresh sea air. Heaven! Then I stopped to look for a space to lay my towel, and realized the beach was A LOT busier than on my first visit.
I suddenly felt much less confident. It was going to be very hard to keep a safe distance from other (clothed) bathers. I tentatively walked down towards the water, and started looking for a suitable space. It seemed that most of the groups were clothed, and there were lots of young people, which made me uncomfortable.
At last I found a suitable spot. I was much closer to others than I had been last time, but I had two "safe" nudist couples - one older, the other a young couple with a baby - nearby. Nearer the water was a clothed older couple who had brought down little folding chairs and were facing the water.
I pounced on the spot before anyone else could take it, spreading my towel and placing my things carefully beside it. I didn't hesitate to strip off once I'd sat down. I slipped my dress over my head and unhooked my bra, slipping my big hat and sunglasses back on.
I sat there breathing deeply, feeling my heart race and my stomach do somersaults. I couldn't stop smiling. I was way more comfortable doing this for the second time - it was such a rush! I started to apply suncream all over my body. I savoured the tingly feeling as I rubbed the lotion into my erect nipples, and when I got to my groin I didn't hesitate. I had waxed 5 days earlier, so it was completely smooth and hair free. It was also a complete mess!
My labia were almost completely covered in layer after layer of grool, with a few strands stretching between my lips and between the lips and my towel. With my legs crossed I started to paint my mons and lips with lotion. I rubbed my juices in stealthily with my clean hand (knowing full well my pussy would be drenched again in five minutes), then carefully applied some cream to my flushed pink labia.
I lay for about half and hour on each side, then decided I need a swim to cool off. I needed some time to work up my courage. The beach was quite busy, with bathers along its length. But only perhaps 40% of the beach was nude, the rest were clothed.
I was determined not to put clothes on today, despite there being a bigger potential audience. I scanned the beach looking for the "safest" stretch to swim, as well as any potentially risky spectators. I saw a spot nearish to several nude bathers, not too far from my towel.
I took a deep breathe and launched myself down towards the shoreline. I was wading out with the water at my knees before I realised I still had my hat and sunglasses on. Oh well, at least my face was hidden this way.
I splashed out up to my shoulders then turned around and looked at the beach while I sneakily washed between my legs. Wow! I was still getting used to how smooth I felt after getting waxed. Would have to steady on a bit or I'd get carried away.
I cooled off and waited until the coast was pretty much clear and there weren't too many clothed sunbathers near me. Then I walked calmly out of the water and back to my towel. I stood for a minute when I got to my towel, turning slowly on the spot so I could see - and be seen - by the entire beach. Oh my this was exciting!
I sat down and got back to tanning. This time, I found myself letting my legs stay a little bit further apart. The idea of my pussy being more visible was such a turn on. I reached up absent-mindedly and brushed my chest. My nipples were rock hard.
I spent the rest of the morning repeating this cycle: lying on stomach, lie on back, swim, repeat. Each time I sat up to swim, I crossed my legs and looked down at my swollen and dripping pussy. This was just heavenly torture. Each time I sat down to sunbathe again I let my legs fall a bit wider apart.
Finally, as the sun started getting quite high in the sky, I decided it was time to eat lunch and retreat to the shade. I went for a final swim, giving myself a little play-clean under the water. Then I walked proudly up to my towel without waiting for a gap between the walkers, almost brushing past them as I walked.
When I got to my towel I bent down to grab my lunch, then decided to eat it standing so I could dry- and show-off at the same time. I kept my big hat and sunglasses firmly in place, and stood proudly as I ate my sandwich. The ever-so-gentle sea breeze was much more noticeably standing up - the combination of warm sun and caressing breeze made my nipples practically buzz.
I bent over and picked up my water bottle, then turned to face in the other direction as I slowly took sips of water. Suddenly, out of the corner of my eye I saw I had an audience! There was a youngish guy in boardshorts sitting on his towel just staring at me. It looked like his girlfriend beside him. I felt a jolt of electricity in my tummy, but tried to stay calm. I bent down to drop my water bottle, and picked up an apple.
Pretending I hadn't noticed him, I stood up straight, turning slightly and pulling my shoulders back a tiny bit. Got to look my best. I stood with my legs about shoulder width apart, taking bites from my apple, while I stole glances at him from under my hat. He was still staring. His girlfriend seemed to be asleep. I took a bite from my apple, and a squirt of juice dribbled onto my chest. I looked down and wiped it up with my finger then licked my finger clean.
I finished the apple then went to sit down before I got too carried away. I glanced down as I did and felt my face going beetroot red. Were people close enough to see? My body was now dry, but my pussy was glistening wet. There was a long strand of clear sticky grool hanging from one of my lips, and there were two or three thin lines sticking to either thigh.
I sat down quickly. I didn't have enough tissues to wipe myself clean. I stealthily took my panties out of my bag and used them to wipe myself clean, then tipped a tiny bit of water down there to rinse myself off. All while trying to shield myself from the rest of the beach.
I decided it was time to call it a day. I'd been in the sun for a couple of hours anyway. I slipped my underwear into my bag (including my bra in my haste), and threw my dress on. I quickly collected up my things and set off across the sand back towards the path.
Once I got to the shade of the quiet path, I put down my bag and took a few deep breaths and a long drink of water. I was shocked by how reckless I'd been!
I walked back to the car with no underwear on, then reluctantly put my bra on and headed home. I new this wouldn't be my last trip...