Welcome,Geek Pridereaders! Especially any boardgame geeks.
This story talks about BDSM, but don't worry -- it's just a group of friends indulging in dirty talk and silly chat while playing a board game, a bit of nudity, and our narrator going down on her fiancé, resulting in some truly terrible jokes. The spanking is mild; the puns cruel and tortuous. You have been warned.
___
Settlers of Catan is a modern classic board game: you have to trade resources with other players in order to build settlements (1 point) and cities (2 points) and buy special cards, to get the number of points required to win. There's some luck of the dice, but mostly skill, involved.
Normally people merely trade a wood card for a rock card, or a wheat for one or two sheep -- but there's no rulestoppingyou making trades more interesting in a cut-throat game...
Cards from Settlers, and its expansions Seafarers and Cities & Knights of Catan, and names of other board games, are in italics.
Submissives of Catan
"Hallo, Sarah! Make yourself at home. Tea? How's your Duncan?" My friend Cat, an enthusiastic bounce of curly chestnut hair and freckles, greeted me. "It'll be good to see him again. Especially if we get to see him... disciplining you properly!"
Since I'd got to know my old college mate Jake and his wife Cat much better over the last year, they'd got to know my fiancé Duncan well, too. By 'better', I mean Cat had spotted me doing a demo at a fetish event, and introduced me to her submissive boy. I'd known Jake for ten years, yet never guessed that about him! But then I didn't let on to all and sundry about my kinky habits either -- being a domme, mostly, butalsosubmitting, to the right person.
Duncan, when not horribly stressed and needing a break himself from being in control, was definitely a right person.
Thing was, Jake and Cat had only seen me as a domme, if not being my mainstream respectable self. There was something about the contrast between my dominance that they knew about, and me being an obedient sub, that had me embarrassed as all hell.
Which was, of course, why Cat wanted to see it.
Cat said she wouldn't mind Jake 'taking me in hand', possibly joining in herself, if Duncan didn't mind. I'd muttered, "That might be an issue..."
It really wouldn't be. Dunc merrily showed off my body at fetish clubs, inviting other people to grope or pleasure me. In the anonymity of a club, I loved being used as a sex object for strangers.
Becoming a sex toy for two good friends of mine? My face went red and hot just thinking about it...
The doorbell went. I saw a familiar warm brown face distorted by the textured glass in the door. I let Duncan in, pulling him into a big kiss, reaching up above my head to run my fingers through his long black hair.
"Hey, lovey. How's it going? he enquired, groping my arse. Duncan smoothed down his ruffled hair, always mindful of his appearance.
"Good! You've not been here before, right, love?" Cat and Jake's small house was across London from ours. "Jake, get him a drink, would you? And here's Cat!" They'd met Duncan many times, but mostly in crowded respectable pubs with other, vanilla, friends. So while they knew each other well on one level, certain conversation topics hadn't come up until recently. And had never been acted upon.
Jake passed Duncan a beer. When I saw Jake after work, he'd be in sharp suits, but today the tall floppy-haired guy was slumming it in a grey hoodie and trackie bums. 'Joggers', shops called them nowadays.
Duncan was too much a clothes snob to 'wear such things outside a sporting environment', he'd say. He was a few years older than me, nearly thirty-five; his idea of casual wear was combats or jeans. He liked fashion. The vain git was always seeking retailers for well-fitting trousers, or stocking up on yet more shirts. His cream linen shirt, teamed with dark jeans and blingy-buckled belt, seemed new. His dead-straight hair fell down to chin length, thanks to a brand-new haircut. I liked it. A man could have worse vices.
I swore he owned twice as many clothes than I did, but then I wasn't much into clothes. I was wearing one of my many stretchy dresses -- crimson, this one -- over black leggings. It's a classic look for those of us who are short with curvy figures. Otherwise known as big tits, big bum, want to prove there's actually a waistline in between! Duncan likes all three of those features, on me.
I lie. For special occasions -- yeah, fetish clubs -- I've got quite a lot of outfits. Corsets and skirts. Or corsets and knickers. Or just corset and stockings. Revealing dresses with a waist-cinching corset. You get the idea.
Today, though, was meant to be a casual afternoon of board games. Mostly. At Cat and Jake's house, we'd be able to chat openly about filth in a way Dunc hadn't been able to do with them before. They'd been messaging each other, and plotting...
"What do you want to play?" Jake asked. We only had a couple hours, but that should suffice to see how happy Dunc would be to do sexy stuff with the others. Throw me to the wolves, rather! Despite my nerves, I was looking forward to see how competitive both lads got over a game.
I eyed their tall bookcase across the open-plan lounge. It was full of stacks of game boxes. Many names familiar from my own game shelves, others --Axis and Allies, Ninja Burger, Formula D-- not. I shrugged. "Settlers?Everyone knows the rules."
"Which version? Not the basic game?" Duncan asked. Four players on the original Catan island got crowded, and would come down to luck, if everyone knew what they were doing, so no self-respecting gamers played that. Unless stranded somewhere with only the travel version. It fit neatly on an airplane table, for example.
"I'm not up forCities & Knights, not today," Cat said. "All the extra hassle of feeding Knights to defend against the vandalising Barbarians breaks my brain." She yawned.
"Seafarers, then?" Jake proposed. "You set up the edging. Some treasure islands, six sea hexes to mix in. Shuffled enough? Right, arrange them upside down in the sea, then." Jake gave me the pile of cardboard hexagons, I laid them out. "So, the scenario: first to 14 Victory Points wins -- at the beginning of your turn, as usual. When you reach a hex in the sea, turn it over. If it's land, you get one of that Resource." Resources were rock, wood, wheat, sheep or brick. "If you build a Settlement on an island in the sea, you get two extra Victory Points. As well as all the usual points for building Cities and that." One for a Settlement, two for a City. Two for the Largest Army, if you had the most Knight cards. Two for the Longest Road -- technically Trade Route, given ships could be included. "Who's starting?"
"Who's been to Catan most recently?" I joked, given how many games use your travel to select a starting player.
"I think Jake's got pointier ears than Duncan," Cat said, referring toSmall World's rule.
"I ate a hamburger for lunch," Duncan said.Merkatorused recent burger-eating as the start criterion, unless someone had been to Hamburg...
"I had a meeting in Hamburg last year. Just roll dice, like civilised people, will you?" Cat took control.
Duncan went first. He went exactly where I'd wanted to, building his first Settlement.
On the plus side, going last, I could place both my first and second settlements at the same time, before the others had to go in reverse order. I collected my starting resources from around the second; enough for a Road. Once you had a road to a junction, you could build another Settlement...
Cat also used up a rare brick for a road. Unless someone rolled a twelve, we'd all be dependent on Duncan for bricks. He got two, every time an eight was rolled. A few turns in, he bought what proved to be a Road Building card, so he definitely didn't need to hoard his bricks. Except to make all our lives difficult. Git.
Ten minutes later, each of us hoarding cards in the hope of making a breakthrough move, it was his turn. Duncan expressed willingness to trade one precious brick.
I'll swap you a sheep for a brick," I told him. Ireallyneeded that brick, to build a Settlement on the coast, and access that 3-to-1 trading port!
"I'll give you a sheep and a rock for a brick," Cat countered.
I didn't have any rock. Darn. I didn't want to give up any of my other precious cards, either.
"Can you up your offer at all?" Duncan asked me. "Two sheep? Sorry, Cat, I don't need rock. Though, actually..."
If I didn't get that brick, my chances would be scuppered. Time for the big guns. Only one thing for it.
I used a sweet voice and fluttered my eyelashes. "Dunc, love? I'll give you a sheep and a blow job for your brick."
"Hey! That's not fair!" Cat objected. "She's your partner!"
I could predict Duncan's reply. My bastard boyfriend -- fiancé, now -- always liked lowering the tone.
Dunc sat back in his armchair and crossed his ankles, breezily confident as a man could be. "Sure, it's fair!" His voice dropped to a low, louche, purr. He explained, "I'll accept a blow job offanyof you..."
He exaggerated, for effect. While Duncan generally only played with other people, rather than fucking them, he wasn't totally averse to sexual contact with friends. Female ones, anyhow. Like most men, he wouldn't turn down any offer of getting his cock sucked, if they were vaguely sane, and sober enough to know what they were doing.
More importantly, he was fiendishly competitive at games. One reason I loved the guy -- he never complained that I was wanting to win, in an 'unfeminine' way. All's fair in love, war, and board games! If offering his dick helped him win -- not to mention possibly distracting his opponents -- he'd be all for it.
"Oh, we're playing likethat, are we?" Cat smiled, all sultry and knowing. "I assume I can delegate my boy to deliver such a service?"
"That would be between you and your boy." Duncan kept his voice perfectly level.
He was lying.
I knew gorgeous Jake would suck cock when Cat ordered him to, but wouldn't choose to otherwise. Dunc wasn't into men at all. But that wouldn't stop him pretending, when winning a game was at stake.
I wasn't going to expose that fact. Not yet, anyway.
"A sheep, a rock, and a blow job," Cat stated.
I liked the way the game was going, but not too fast.
"Come on, Sarah. I need something to go with your cock-sucking sheep!" A surreal image; we all laughed. "Even from a woman of your talents, I need an extra card! If you don't want me to go with Cat's fair offer..."
"Oh, all right," I grumbled. "A sheep, and awheat, and a blow job." Wheat was scarce in this game. But it was the only other card I didn't need this round.
"That clinches it, I'm afraid," Duncan told Cat. "Here you go, lovey, one card of your finest London Stock red brick..."
"And for you, one prize Texel sheep, one bushel of top-quality wheat, and we can settle up at the end of the game," I told him.
"Fair enough. We didn't include timing in the terms and conditions."
Bother. I'd meant, 'when we get home.' I had a horrible feeling my bargain would be collected upon...
"Ooh, sneaky!" Cat exclaimed. "We'll let you off this time, but I think all future trades need to be immediate."
"That's fair," Duncan agreed. He built a ship using my sheep, heading into the unknown sea.
My turn. A nine. Annoying. "I never get anything on nine!" Everyone else collected resources, all having settlements by a hex with a nine on. Oh, well. I laid out my wheat, wood, sheep and hard-earned brick, returned them to the bank, and placed my little yellow house. I'd now get more resources every time the numbers next to it were rolled.
"And Sarah goes into an early lead," Jake observed, as Duncan took no actions on his turn. "Done?" He rolled the dice, took a wood card. "Over to you, Cat."
Possibly responding to some signal, Jake slithered off the sofa where he'd been lounging. He always seemed relaxed sitting on the floor, leaning against Cat's legs when she was in an armchair. She absent-mindedly stroked his hair.
Cat grinned down at her husband. "You wanted rock, didn't you?"
"I could take some off your hands, I suppose. In exchange for a wood." Jake's poker face was dreadful. The boy was desperate for a rock card.
"Wood, you say? Hm. I suppose. All right. One rock, for a wood and your top."
I knew Jake spent a fair bit of time at home without many clothes. He was submissive to his wife most of the time, in private. Outside, he was an outgoing and charismatic sales manager. His good looks probably helped his career.
Wordlessly, Jake passed his wife a card, took the offered one, and pulled off his hoodie to expose his fit tattooed chest. He picked up his cards again, calm as anything.
I liked the view of the tops of his shoulders. When I'd seen the brown-haired boy topless before, he'd generally been standing. Jake was a foot taller than me, so I'd not been able to see the black and grey animals and plants curving over his clavicles and round onto his back. They contrasted beautifully against his pale English skin. There was an ant I'd never noticed before. Most people with tattoos start with one on an arm; Jake had instead a waistcoat effect, with ink covering his chest and back. A T-shirt would cover the lot, if he wanted.
I knew there was also a large black and red tattooed dragon entwined round his right thigh, its tongue stretching towards where he'd love a tongue. Jake's backside had no ink at all. Even though sometimes it was as red as the dragon scales...
"Hey! What about offering the rest of us a chance to trade?" I objected.
"My turn, I get to initiate trade. That's how it works." Cat tried to look nonchalant. "Feel free to take your kit off if you want, though."
"I don't strip off just anywhere," I told her. I wasn't the sort of girl to get drunk and lose clothes at parties. Unless I was at a fetish club, and I'd been so ordered...
"No? Shame. Your go, Dunc." I'd done nothing on my turn.
Duncan rolled the dice. "All right, Sarah. Seeing as it's you. You'd like to trade wood for my rock, right?"
"Yes, please."
"Right. Here's a rock, for your wood and your dress."
The bastard grinned at me.
Cat clapped. "And here's where we find out Sarah's just as competitive as Jake."
"Oi! Duncan's worse, if anything. I bet he's planning to get everyone naked, so they don't notice his cunning plot to win," I corrected, warning them.
"Just as well we're not playingCarcassonne," Jake observed. "Cat's memorised the numbers of every type of tile."
"Sounds like Sarah, atScrabble," Duncan replied.
The frequency numbers are printed on the board!" I objected. "Also,youknow all the obscure words in the Chambers Dictionary! And all 29 two-letter ones!"
"I got sent to school in Scotland! 'Ay, a' ae oo' is a perfectly normal sentence! Ma jo," he added, reckoning calling me his sweetheart would sound more endearing than discussing wool in a Shetland dialect -- which was not a normal sentence for him in the slightest, the liar. Those words hardly get used outside Scrabble boards even there, I'm sure.
"Bollocks!" I told him. "You don't even speak Scots. If your voice is Scottish at all, it's that lovely Edinburgh accent that's so clipped, people think you're English," I pointed out.
"Perfect 'plums in the mouth' proper RP, you speak, love," Cat reminded Duncan. "No Brit's spoken like that since the Fifties, not unless they're like over seventy. You're posher than the Queen is, now."
It was true: Duncan's plummy voice marked him out as 'foreign' Asian, not a British Indian. He'd grown up in half a dozen different countries in a Malaysian Indian expat family, while I was Malaysian Chinese; English was the native language for both of us.
Jake blinked. "Call me a pleb, but elocution wasn't my first thought when you mentioned 'plums in the mouth'..." He glanced meaningfully at his crotch.
Duncan laughed. He used his fingers to comb his shiny black hair back behind his ears. His mum complained he looked like a drug dealer, when his lush glossy hair nearly reached his shoulders. "If you get more points than me in this game, that could be arranged..."
The sneaky wind-up merchant! I knew Duncan had zero intention of ever getting anyone's testicles near his mouth!
Jake blinked. He'd never considered Duncan in that way before. On the other hand, he loved having his balls played with and wasn't fussy who did it. Jake also wasn't too fussy about who or what fucked him. Which definitely wouldn't be Duncan!
Duncan's view was that arseholes were exit-only. At least, his was. Me, getting off from toys he gave me to put up my bum? Well, that was one of the many reasons he privately called me his dirty, naughty, girl...
I ought to manage Jake's expectations. "Don't get your hopes up, Jake! This boy is the most fiendish gamer this side of the river! He'll promise anything, but renege on anything like that!"
"Oh, scupper it for me; why don't you!" Duncan's indignant exclamation was joking. Mostly.
We all knew the main weakness ofCatanas a game: the winner is whoever benefits from everyone ganging up on the previous leader, when they were otherwise about to win. LikeMunchkin, where all the great cards get thrown into one epic battle to stop person A winning, then player B wins straight after, with an easy boring fight against a Level 2 Gelatinous Octahedron because no-one can stop them.
It's whyCities & Knights of Catan, with its added complexity, is a much better game -- yes there's mechanics in place to stop a leader getting too far ahead too easily,SaboteurandWeddingdemands are only playable against those with more points than you, but there's enough different ways to earn points that you can be more sneaky about it. TheTraders & Barbariansversion is simpler. Then there's the Catan scenarios. I like theGreat Wallone, where everyone has to maintain a brick wall to keep the Robber hordes out.
Yes, I admit it; I'm as much of a gaming geek as Duncan, andalmostas competitive. Depends on the game and our company.
"Who says I'm not on your side?" I asked Duncan. "I mean, don't let me stop you getting your face between Jake's legs if you want..." I teased. I like hot guys getting it on as much as the next slash-loving heterosexual woman, but Duncan would never go for a guy. It was a shame.
"It's gaming. Iknowyou're not on my side! Also, I gave you that rock card for your woodandyour dress, sweetheart. Pony up!"
I hesitated. Technically, I'd still be as clothed as Jake. But he was slim, and all his black and grey tattoos gave the effect of wearing a waistcoat, even though he was topless. Not to mention that a woman in a bra is different to a man not wearing a shirt. I'd known the guy for years, but, despite drunken college parties, Jake had never seen me get my kit off.
I'd snuggled up in bed with him, and him and Cat, recently, but that was in dim light and under a duvet. Being semi-naked in the mid-afternoon bright light of a suburban living room, my hefty breasts almost escaping their over-shoulder boulder holder, was a very different thing! At least their new-build house had net curtains...
Thing was, I was self-conscious. My body wasn't made to be skinny. Far from most Chinese ideals, let alone English ones. Even my skeleton had wide hips! I forced myself to adjust my perspective. I reminded myself: they wanted to see my body!
What white-van drivers called 'melons', and a 'back end of the bus' when cat-calling me, these guys -- Duncan and Jake, anyway -- thought of as 'fab voluptuous tits' and a 'luscious curvy bum to get my hands on'. On a good day, so did I. A big golden backside was 'a gift to roving hands', Duncan said. He proved his enjoyment of it, regularly.
"Get on with it!" Duncan stared into my eyes, not letting me look away. "No backtracking, lah. I'm sure that would be punished, in this household..."
I double-checked no-one could see through the bay window. I'd still be wearing a full-cup green bra, opaque tights -- that was still clothed, right?
I pulled my dress up over my head, checked it was right side out, tossed it onto the sofa. Despite murmurs of approval from Dunc and Jake, and a knowing smile from Cat, I managed to convince myself I was wearing a perfectly normal outfit. "My go." Another bloody nine. "Development card, please."
"I bet she's trying to get the Largest Army," Jake muttered. Then he dropped his voice to a whisper. "To go with her large tits! City of Bristol Regiment!"
I decided to pretend I hadn't heard that bit. I did know 'Bristols' was rhyming slang for breasts, for some reason. I wasn't going to encourage him by asking why! Instead I explained to Jake, "Only becausehekeeps planting the Robber on my most productive hex!" Then I stuck my tongue out at my partner. "Why don't you rob Jake, instead of me?"
Duncan tried to act indignant. "Because his eight also has my City next to it? I don't want to rob myself, do I? Duh."
"Cat, then. See that lovely six, with all the wheat? Lovely, lovely wheat?" I didn't expect my persuasion to work.
"You think I ought to rob Cat? Robbery, theft and ravishment?" Duncan pretended to consider.
Cat laughed, leaning back in her armchair. "I'm more of a ravish-er than a ravish-ee." Jake's Mistress might occasionally play or get sexy with others, but never in a remotely submissive fashion.
Duncan shrugged. "Likewise."
"Maybe a mutual bit of piracy and ravishment?" Cat suggested. They considered each other for a second, then simultaneously hit on a better idea.
Both of them looked over at me. Meaningfully.
"Molesting each other?" I pretended to misunderstand; they glared. "Oh! You both ravishing me? I could live with that, I suppose." I assumed anything from Cat would be be in the realm of kink rather than sex -- or delegating sexual actions to Jake, to perform upon me. Either worked for me.
"Oh, definitely," Cat claimed. "Youdefinitelyneed to be captured by our Robber."
"Or the dastardly rapacious Pirate," Duncan responded. "Speaking of which, I think she's going to join up those routes and claim the Longest Road."
The pair of them were agreeing.
"If she steals my Longest Road, then I say ravishing is only fair. She'd deserve it." Duncan said.
"Uh-huh? And how do we define ravishing these days, hor?" I wondered what Duncan might be up for, in front of the others.
"Mm... I'm sure in those pirate movies the damsel in distress is tied to something, her clothes get ripped off, and the pirate Captain and maybe others have their will with her."
"Sounds good," said Jake.
"Who said you'd get to do any ravishing, huh?" Cat put her finger under Jake's chin.
"How about, whoever wins gets to ravish?" he proposed.
Jake was currently in the lead. Though I expected to overtake him in the next couple rounds, using my Road Building card. Duncan was about level with me. He was right; I did plan to steal the Longest Road off him.
I hoped I'd be able to use more wheat, which he lacked, in the end game. Cat hadn't placed her settlements in the best locations. That, plus some unlucky dice rolls, meant she was trailing behind.
Cat caught Duncan's eye. "I could go along with that," she said. An enthusiastic domme, Cat would love to see how Duncan treated me when I submitted to him.
Jake chuckled as he rolled the dice, rolled his eyes at getting no cards, and passed them on to Cat. I got the impression he'd be happy, win or lose.
The repercussions of Cat's comment finally dawned on me. She could assist Duncan or Jake, to ensure I didn't win. Duncan, most likely. She and Jake had never actually seen me in sub mode. I knew Jake wanted to:Sauce for the goose,he said. And Cat would want to watch any entertaining, possibly educational, scene.
Fuck.
But, also, hot...
"Why can't I get an eleven?" I grumbled, needing wheat but never rolling any.
"Because we're not playingCities & Knights,so you can't use anAlchemistcard to make the dice be the number you want," Jake said, straight-faced.
We all groaned at the geeky joke.
A seven. "I've rolled the Robber!" Cat was gleeful, not having too many cards, so didn't have to lose half to robbery. Unlike the rest of us.
I gave away five wood and sheep cards. Damn. I had no chance of winning for another couple goes, now.
Even less, when Cat gave me her stunning smile and chose me to be her Robber victim. She took one of my cards. The brick. Now I didn't have the ingredients for a settlement on that new island, either.
I tried not to look disappointed. "You didn't want that, did you?"
"Yet another brick? Not really. I could swap it for, ooh, a sheep or two," Cat told me, calm as anything.
"A sheep? I suppose. Oh, why not." Nonchalance was difficult when I was feeling the lack of my dress. My tummy might be obscured by my trusty 50-denier tights, but the air was cold on my shoulders. More to the point, I knew my bra was designed to show my breasts off rather than cover me up. The capacious cups were big, but mostly mesh and lace, making my tits into big ornamental baubles. To be looked at.
It was working -- Jake's eyes were glued to them! I shook myself, and forced myself to concentrate on the game. The settlement was more important; I could always get more sheep, later. The appreciative stares were irrelevant.
"Why not? Why not?" Duncan interrupted, aghast. "You'll settle that new island, and be only two ships from winning, is why not! Cat, hold out for more!"
"You're not involved in this negotiation," I rebuked him. "It's her go."
Cat nodded. "More? Sarah, do you have two sheep?"
"Sadly, no." I did, but I needed to keep one to build that settlement.
"Shame. I'll need something else to sweeten the deal." She looked up at Duncan. "What do you think she could offer us?"
Duncan smiled. Wickedly. "You wanted to see her in sub mode, didn't you? I'd insist on her bra."
"Oi!" I squawked. Duncan was right; if I was topless, in front of the others all being clothed, the only way I'd cope with the embarrassment would be sliding into a headspace where I was meant to be objectified.
Thing was, I didn't have any cards to offer, and that brick was crucial if I was to keep my strong chance of winning the game.
Staying half-decent, or playing to win?
Not really a dilemma, for me. It wasn't like Cat and Duncan wouldn't be showing me and Jake off, later. I might as well go along with it.
If I was lucky, I'd at least distract Jake a bit. He'd wanted to see me topless since ever. Well over a decade, now. Duncan, obviously, was used to seeing my body. In any case, he was too fiendish a game-player to let something like mere nudity put him off!
Cat dangled a card over my corner of the table. "Brick, for a sheep and your bra... Sounds like the sheep's wearing it! That would be funny."
"Nah. The hooves might damage the mesh," I said.
"Don't worry. I'll take good care of it, put it over here," Jake spoke from the sofa, opposite me. "No livestock. Whoa! Nice tits!"
"Thanks." I tried to act sultry, carefree, and hoiked my breasts up, to show my giant cleavage off to maximum effect. Dunc blew me a kiss; I blew one to Jake. "My go?"
I tried to ignore both the weight of my hanging breasts and the men's stares. I knew I was blushing. I rolled a three, collected a wood.
I kept silent as I laid out my wheat, wood, sheep and brick, my nipples dangling perilously near the rough-edged cards, and carefully placed my yellow wooden house on the junction of two hexes on the coast of the new island. Without my tits knocking anything over on the board. A double achievement!
"Fuck! How many points do you have now?" Jake exclaimed, finally distracted from gazing at my bare breasts. To be fair, they're good breasts, bigger than grapefruits.
"She's got twelve," Duncan said. "If she puts down another two ships and steals your Longest Road, she's won."
"Give away all my secrets, why don't you?"
"It's out in the open! Anyone can count. You can't hide these things, love. Or your knockers. I like that bra, by the way, but especially now it's over there."
It was a particularly lacy one, turquoisey-green, with the cups mostly see-through mesh. Now, Duncan leered at my chest, just like Jake, really reminding me that I was inappropriately half-naked compared to the rest of them. And thus a sex object. He licked his lips.
I did my best to sound calm. Jake was topless too, so it wasn'tthatunequal, right? "You focus on my tits, dear. Can I remind everyone: he's only two points behind me? Or less!"
"Maybe one point," Cat observed as Jake bought himself another Development Card.
"Jake? If you've got a Knight card in that collection, now would be a really good time to play it," Dunc warned.
The bastard!
"Why?" Jake didn't see the point. Being topless and on the floor by Cat's feet was so normal for him, he had no problem being snarky as ever. "I'm not being robbed. And I'm never going to beat your huge Largest Army."
"Becausethenyou can play the Pirate on Sarah." I could tell Dunc was trying not to sound patronising. He just about succeeded.
"She's got no cards I need!"
"Yes.But: she can't build a Ship by a hex where the Pirate is..."
The utter bastard! That would completely scupper my plan... I stayed very quiet.
"I don't have a Knight, sadly."
I could have kissed Jake, if he weren't on the far side of Cat's feet. Of course, ifhewere telling the truth, then he must have two Victory Point cards and thus be actually on 13 points, one short of victory. But asDuncanhadn't had a Knight, then he too must actually have two VP cards... And so also be on 13. All to play for.
Jake rolled a twelve. Cat collected a brick. He shook his head sadly and passed the dice on.
Cat gazed at me, all innocence. "Oh, dear! My Knight is coming out."
"And what is he going to do?" I asked, as if I didn't know.
"Well, that dastardly Pirate is going to run away from him... To... There. Card, please, Sarah."
"I can't interest you in my leggings, instead?" It was worth a try. Now I was mostly naked, being eye-candy, going further didn't seem so difficult.
"Well... If you don't win, then the winner gets to claim them anyway." I noticed Jake perk up. "No. Maybe next time, we could play Strip Catan -- have to give up an item of clothing each time the Robber gets you! But not today. Cards up."
Cat stole a wood. If I couldn't build new ships at the end of my Trade Route, maybe I could just move the end ship -- oh, no, the Pirate prevented that, too.Bugger.Why had I built a road, not a ship, at the other end of my line of pieces?
She rolled the dice. I got one sheep. It wouldn't help, in the circs. Duncan seemed relieved not to get a card. Ah, he had seven, so now couldn't be robbed before his turn. "Anyone offer me a brick for this sheep?" I asked brightly.
"What clothing are you offering?" Jake teased. "I'd want those leggings off."
"Yeah. All right."
He shook his head. "Sadly, I have no brick.
"Git."
"Manners, girl!" It was Duncan's stern voice, for when we played. I was generally a horrible brat at him, until he spanked all defiance out of me. Only then was I normally able to reach a headspace to submit properly.
"And you're apatronisinggit," I retorted.
"Ooh! Well. Don't think you're getting any of my bricks now." He waved a brick card in the air. "Even if you strip naked!"
"Like you would have ever traded with me at this point, anyway." I did the math. "Can I point out to everyone that Dunc's going to win next go, so we're all fucked?"
"I thought the fucking cameafterthe ravishing and piratical punishment?" Cat made it quite clear she was willing to see such post-game activities. "How do you know, anyway?"
"He's on eleven. Two cards face down, they have to be Victory Points, because all the Knights are out -- he's got six, I've got four, Jake's got three, you've got one. That's fourteen. No more Knights. Any other cards, he'd have used them by now. And if you think those seven cards he's holding don't include enough to get one more point, then that's just you not recognising him hiding his smug git face!"
"Are you done?" Duncan asked mildly. He shook his head. "So rude! You deserve a spanking, you do."
"Subs always need a spanking," Cat agreed. "Your one definitely needs a top-up."
"It takes a lot to get Sarah to be submissive. Mostly, she's just a right brat."
I stuck my tongue out at him, because, really, what other response was there?
"Do you give up?"
I stared at my wood and sheep cards. Fuck it. I'd make a branch line with my ships, and move the new ship if I ever got the chance. I flicked the dice to Dunc and folded my arms, letting my breasts settle on them. "Do your worst."
He barely looked at the ten he rolled, and didn't bother collecting his rock. "I'm upgrading this rubbish settlement to a City." Duncan laid down the requisite three rock and two wheat. "And, yes, I have two Victory cards." He flipped over theUniversityandMarket.
"Bugger," said Jake. "Any way we can get points off him before the start of his next go?"
I shook my head. "Not in this scenario. You've got the Longest Road, there's no more Knights to build a larger Army. He's won."
"Mwa-ha-ha-ha!" Duncan picked up the black wooden pirate ship and made it dance in the air. "As conqueror of these fair islands, I think I get my damsel in distress as a reward, now." He did an Adam Ant impression, singing,"Stand... and deliver! Your body or your life!"
"I'm not in distress!"
"Youwillbe." He looked up at Cat. "What's the etiquette here?"
She shrugged. "We can help you strip her off and restrain her. You could show off your flogging skills?"
"Floggingwouldbe thematically appropriate, for a pirate on these high seas. Though maybe not, with all these pieces about, and your windows being clear at the top! Let's just get her in a good position for a spanking. Come on, Jake. Are you helping or not?" An appeal to the other man in the room.
"He is. He wants to prove what a good boy he is, don't you, pet? Hoping I'll go easier on him in a bit." Cat's voice was calm, in control.
Jake shrugged. "What should I do? Tell you what, if I grab round her waist, you can hold her hair, while Duncan gets rid of her leggings. Then Duncan can show us how he deals with Sarah when she's not all being all dommy. Or just normal and respectable," he added.
They could have just asked nicely! Instead, the three of them leapt at me, all at once, almost knocking me off the large footstool.
Duncan got his arm under mine. He ran his hand over my breast, then gave it a possessive squeeze. It spilled out of the sides of his palm. Then his hand roved up to my lips, fingers feather-light round my mouth. I touched his fingers with my tongue, trying to get him to press harder.
He intoned, "As Lord of Catan, by right of conquest, I demand to ravish you, barbarian princess!"
I responded with equally cheesy dialogue and a high voice. "Oh no! I shall never submit to a rough uncouth pirate, colonising my island!"
"We have ways of dealing with uppity women..." he promised. He added a sarcastic murmur in my ear, "It's only colonising, when white people do it." Dunc was probably right that I'd find that funnier than the others would. It distracted me from my tits being the focus of Jake's attention.
In his normal voice, Duncan called out, "Hey! Do we have a brig to put her in?"
"No," Cat replied. "No restraints down here, either. Do you want?" Duncan shook his head. "Tell you what. You go sit on the sofa and lay her across you, Jake and I'll help."
Duncan ran his hands possessively all over my body. My bare back, my breasts. Suddenly, he grabbed under my arms, and dragged me to the couch. Cat held my ankles, so I couldn't kick; Jake helped heft my legs. I had to comply, to avoid hurting myself on the hard-edged coffee table. Jake safely removed my leggings and socks, squeezing my toes for fun. Duncan twisted his hand into my long hair, to ensure I stayed down over his lap. In a trice, I was on my knees over his thighs.
It wasn't an unfamiliar position. Just, normally, it would be in private, between me and Dunc. Or in an appropriate club: nudity accepted, sex likely. But this -- the epitome of a conventional home on a totally normal housing estate? It felt like indecent exposure. Itwasindecent, exposing myself like this.
I buried my face in the couch cushions. The appreciative audience made it just on the right side of my line between erotic embarrassment and totally unpleasant humiliation. Just.
In case I wasn't horribly embarrassed enough -- but not actually crying uncle, because however much I hated to admit it, it was arousing as hell knowing three people were enjoying my nudity -- Duncan adjusted my pants to ride up my crotch, exposing as much fleshy bottom as possible. Two huge mounds of smooth sunny skin, with a tiny scrap of red lace riding up my butt-crack and across my waist, for all to see.
Undignified.
I was bare-arse naked, giant moon-coloured buttocks being shown off to the world, lying with my legs off the end of the sofa. My head pressed against the arm, my arse was raised over Duncan's lap. My cheeks burned against the leather sofa cushion. As Duncan pressed his fingers between my legs, I got hot there, too.
Somehow, my position felt way closer to humiliating than when Duncan did the same to me at home or a club. The mundane surroundings, I figured. There was something more dirty about exposing my arse to a TV, potted plants and a shiny white washing machine, than being in the same situation in a black-painted loft with play equipment and a bar. I'd never thought a blue Smeg fridge would seem so judgemental.
"OK, sweetie?" Duncan checked in.
Was I? His right hand stroked me soothingly, like when his family's dog was scared. I wasn't that much bigger than their Labrador. My embarrassment and sudden anxiety had me trembling, but I didn't know why.
He wasn't the problem.
Jake smiled at me. Was he thinking, 'Rather her than me'? Or enjoying having company, subs together?
Was he being submissive right now? He was sitting on the floor leaning on Cat's legs, so probably.
Was I? I was going along with Duncan and Cat's ideas. Close enough.
"Mm, pretty," Jake said.
"You're not getting your hands on her, Jacob," Cat told him, suddenly his imperious domme. "You're wearing too many clothes, too. Sort it out."
Jake bowed his head.
If he hadn't been submitting a moment ago, he was now. When I next glanced at him, he was nude, barring snug little underpants, all black and slinky. A contrast with his arms and legs, pinkish white skin. His tattoos made him look as if he had a vest on, too. As opposed to me, blatantly naked. More of a slut. Jake knelt again by Cat's feet, hands demurely in his lap.
Jake wasn't a problem either. So why was this so horribly embarrassing for me?
Duncan ripped my lace briefs off so he could finger me even better. Totally skanky, but he knew what he was doing. I relaxed into his warm hand, finding the public penetration soothing rather than embarrassing. If you're going to be on show, you might as well enjoy it, right?
Was it Cat? She was fascinated by the idea of me switching, from the confident domme she knew, to me submitting at all. To anyone. Starting with Duncan, but Cat wasn't ruling out taking over from him, herself. Would I submit to her? I wasn't sure.
I felt awkward, because I wanted to make a good impression on her.
That was it! It felt rather like a job interview. You get anxious and worry what they think of you, whether you want the job or not.
I resisted my urge to kick and fight. Duncan stroked me, mostly over my arse, soothing me into acceptance. He hissed in my ear, "Be a good girl for me now. A good submissive, just like Jake. I'll make sure there's pleasure later, when we get home."
So I tried to behave. Concentrate. Be a good girl.Hisgood girl. Not necessarily submitting, you understand. I just happened to be getting off from the situation -- me, naked and slutty, shocking the others. Shock? OK, mild surprise!
"Mm. Isn't she glorious?" Jake commented, looking up at my backside. "Gorgeous big golden arse. It's fantastic."
"Yeah. She's great. Beautiful. Andmine." He jabbed two fingers into my pussy, making me gasp in joy. I rarely heard Duncan get possessive. He happily let me play with others, after all. I liked it.
"Your captured Catanian queen?" Cat asked. "Yeah. How are you going to show the savage who's boss?"
"Ooh, I wonder," he replied, sarcastic. As expected, he spanked me. Just a token gesture. I managed not to kick.His good girl.He stroked between my legs again, making up for it.
"There. A good start. But you suggestedwood,didn't you?" Duncan told Cat. "Vital for roads, settlements, and disciplining a conquered Catanian!" He'd snuck a wooden spatula into his bag, which Cat passed him. "Ah, yes, wood is very useful..."
I groaned. Inflicting corporal punishment is one thing; subjecting me to puns quite another.That'storture!
"She goes such a pretty bronzy-rose shade," Duncan told the others.
"I'd love to see her arse all pink," Jake confessed.
Duncan didn't hit me, just stroked the wood up and down, reminding me he could. I shivered, with anticipation...
"You look like you're having fun. Like you could go on for hours!" Cat approved.
"One of the many reasons I love her wonderful big curvy arse!" He tapped a rhythmical flourish with the wooden tool; I squirmed. Then he squeezed handfuls of soft flesh up my thighs, stopping just before where I'd got moist. "Mmm!" After a few more mild thwaps had me squealing, begging for mercy -- or something more intense, less ticklish? -- he took pity. Dunc applied his strong hand to provide my maximum pleasure. "So wet... so responsive to bad humour..."
"Clearly you're playingCities & Knights," Jake said.
Duncan was as confused by Jake's statement as I was.
"She's wet? It must be because he used anIrrigation" card!" Jake had to explain his terrible joke.
"Thatwas dreadful, boy. Any more, and you'll be the one getting spanked."
"Yes, ma'am." Jake was clearly in a cheeky mood, not sorry at all. "Hey, you know how Sarah promised Duncan a blow job, and said later? It's later now!"
The sly bastard!
"Good point. Up to Duncan, though. And you're sounding less convincing about not wanting to provide it yourself," Cat replied.
That silenced Jake for a few minutes! I wondered what Duncan would decide -- apart from politely declining Jake. My tummy was all butterflies.
Nudity was one thing. Being fingered? Not my fault!
Putting my mouth around a penis in public? Much, much harder...
Wriggling my crotch over his lap, I could tell Duncan had got hard.
Duncan spoke. "Bloody hell. Huh. Man! I mean, you guys wanted to see what Sarah looks like when she's being properly submissive, didn't you? Yeah. She's happy to be spanked in public at any club -- come along next time. But getting her to go down on a guy, with an audience -- that's going to make her all self-conscious... more than she is now..." I could hear Jake chuckling behind me. "Right. Sarah, my girl?"
"Yes, sir?" It was instinctive.
"Change of plan. No spanking or anything until we get home. You? Kneel down between my feet, then do the honours. You'll be screening my dick; I'm not showing it off to all and sundry! Guys, just look at Sarah, yeah? She's our little cock-sucking slut..."
And he was a man, never going to resist the idea of a blow job!
I took a deep breath, then slithered off Dunc's lap to the floor. My tender breasts rubbed over his denim-clad knees. He stretched his feet out, used them to hold me in position. He stretched his arms out along the sofa back, owning the space, all dominant and arrogant. Then he relaxed, smiled, and reached to stroke my cheek with a finger.
"My sweet, sweet Sarah. You're going to be obedient, now, aren't you? Prove what a good little cock-sucker you are." He flicked me under the chin before settling back into the cushions.
At least I couldn't see Jake or Cat when I looked up at him. This was a comfortable, familiar position. Different colour couch, different carpet, but really, not strange at all.
I knew my routine. My lines.
"Please sir, may I suck your wonderful cock?"
"You may. You'd better!" As I unbuttoned his fly, he added, "You made a promise, you dirty little game-player. Time to put your money... yourmouthwhere your mouth was!"
Cat called out, "We'll be watching, Sarah! Ooh! Our admired domme, brought low and becoming a bare-arsed cocksucker. Who'd have thought?"
My thoughts exactly. At least Cat couldn't see how red my cheeks were.
I used my hand to shield Dunc's great dark shaft from any sneaky peeks round my side. Then I curled both hands round him. I could fit both fists along his erection, if I mashed one hand into his wiry black curls. I knew he liked that.
He was sweaty, hot. I spat on my hand to give his cock a quick whore's bath. Then rubbed round his head, clean enough, enjoying the feel of soft foreskin running through my fingers, before lowering my head over his cock. My jaw felt the strain.
Jake spoke. "Do you think we'll get to watch him playing theMiningcard on her soon? Going deep inside her deep, dark tunnels..."
"Jacob! Those puns areappalling. I'll have to punish you. Bend over." I heard Cat slap the arm of the plush armchair.
He might as well be hung for mutton as lamb; he pushed her patience further. "Can I appeal, using aConstitutioncard? Or, I know, I've just eaten! I'm a fed, activated, Knight, so I can displace the Robber or Pirate! You or him! Hah!"
I made sure Duncan's delicate frenulum wasn't at risk, as I gave in and giggled. Jake was so clearly provoking his Mistress on purpose. Foolhardy, pretty, boy.
Duncan clawed my hair and pulled it. "Careful, girl. No laughing, right? You stay serious and work on my cock, or I'll deal with you once we get home!"
"Mm-hm," I confirmed obediently, my rounded lips round his whole cock circumference preventing me saying any more.
By my side, Jake was making appreciative noises. I'd switched back to nibbling up and down Duncan's cock, gripping my master round his base, feeling his blood pulse through his veins.
"You're aKnight, eh, Jacob?" Cat snorted.
"Ah, but are you aStrong Knight?" Duncan asked, unable to resist joining in the wordplay, despite his position with his cock in my mouth.
If he was still capable of being distracted, I'd have to up my game!
I snuck a glance behind me. Cat had acquired a riding crop and strode back across the room. "I think you'll find, boy, that I am aMighty Knight, who can displace you with myIntriguecard, given my connection to your location" -- she ran the leather tip along his back -- "and who can defeat any of the Dragons of theEnchanted Land!"She groped round his thigh, around which his large dragon tattoo circled, breathing fire up towards his cock.
Jake still didn't give up. Nothing to lose, I supposed. "In that case," he asked demurely, "can I play aDeserteron you?"Deserterlet you steal a player's Knight...
"I'm already yours, darling. But I'm still going to beat you!"
The double meaning of 'beat' was where I couldn't stop sniggering. I had to pull away from Duncan's prick so I didn't choke.
"I'm warning you, girl. No laughing."
Never in history has anyone ever stopped laughing because they were ordered not to laugh...
I gulped. I tried to keep nuzzling how Dunc liked it, tip rubbing my nose as I nibbled round the rough rim of his cock-head.
Somehow, despite my best efforts, Duncan was still capable of speech. "Careful, Sarah. Resist being amused by game-related puns." Duncan's lap twitched under me. He was getting close, but still managed to solemnly inform me, "Jake doesn't have aMonopolyon such jokes. They could be yourDownfall..."
I had to lift my head to cough. Sucking cock while laughing is impossible! Especially when said cock is large and leaking. I felt Dunc pull my hair back down, a signal to get back to it.
"On the subject of games Sarah likes," Jake said, "I'd never have guessed she was so good at suckingdicks. It'samazing!Dixit, get it?"
Dunc applied his poshest languid drawl. "That was absolutely terrible, Jacob. Simply appalling. You might as well say -- ah -- " he gasped -- "I'm about toDobbleall over her face!"
I couldn't help it. Even though I knew he was about to come, I splorfled. I had to hold his cock away from my face as I exploded with snorting laughter.
It got worse a moment later, when he spurted towards my mouth.Dobbled, even. I'd never be able to play that game again...
I had to clear my throat. I was a coughing, laughing mess, gasping for breath. Desperate for self-control, I shoved my face in his thigh, despite his final spasms spraying even more cum all over my hair.
When I recovered, Dunc tugged on my hair until I sat next to him. It indicated he'd topped me enough; end of scene. We snuggled together, his hand still resting between my legs, to watch Cat deal with her recalcitrant subby boy. Somehow, having satisfied my happy man, I no longer had a problem with being naked. Nor with the jizz drying all over my face.
We all knew I was a little slut; I might as well show myself off.Vanity, thy name is Sarah.
Some time later, Jake took a sharp intake of breath, his firm little arse glowing as red as his dragon's breath as he stayed bent over the arm of the armchair. "Hey, Dunc, you've still gotwood. Any chance of you playingMiningon me?"
I chuckled. The boy was irrepressible. A true masochist.
Duncan explained his lack of interest in fucking Jake. "Nah. I play with men sometimes, make them scream and fight and beg, but no. Not interested. I'm just watching." He paused. "Looking. Playing aSpy,one could say."
God, Duncan was infected with Jake's punning disease. And Cat succumbed too: "I think I'm going to be anInventor." That card enabled you to swap the numbers on two hexes. "Time to find a vicious implement to use on him. Don't go away, Jacob!"
He danced on the spot, but didn't leave it.
"Good boy. I don't have to be anEngineerto hold you in place."
All three of us exclaimed words like "Don't let us stop you!"
Cat laughed. "I know, I could tie him up. But I'm nasty. I like making him have to stay still."
I shivered, despite myself. I always wanted to forget myself, let myself relax, when being disciplined. Having to try to resist moving was not my idea of a good time. Not that being punished was exactlygood, but I couldn't deny I got off on it in some way. And totally loved how it felt when I got sexual contact, during or after.
I'd seen Jake's backside go red before, and heard his heartfelt moans. This time I wasn't having to do the work myself. It made it mesmerising to watch. Hot and sexy, seeing his bum as he hopped from foot to foot. I knew Dunc was watching closely, for any technique he could learn and test later. I was, too, only he had me to practice on...
"There! I think I've built an excellent Improvement. Call it aTrading House, for favourable trading rates." Cat squidged his bottom, having decided she'd hurt her husband enough. He curled up happily on her lap, still naked, his head on her shoulder. He'd need the soothing aftercare, after that.
But only seconds later, Jake perked up when he thought of another appalling joke. "That must be where all my clothes went! Come on, guys! You need lots ofClothto build theTrading House..."
Duncan added, "With all Sarah's clothes too, she'll be building aMetropolisin a minute." That required four further Cloth cards. I winced, and shook my head.
"Want your clothes back, Sarah? I'm aMerchant. I'll trade them at a good rate," Cat teased me.
"As they're a Commodity, I'll be aMaster Merchantandinsiston getting a good rate for them." Duncan answered. "What will you offer me for them, love? Stupid question! Your body, or your body, really." My fiancé grinned, his arm round me.
"Ooh... You wantPortaccess!" Cat exclaimed. A clear euphemism for penetrative sex. Not even subtle. I sighed.
Jake got the implication. "Make it a2-to-1 Port, and let me join in?"
"Or athree-to-one," Cat suggested, brightly.
"Wasn't 'three to one' how I got my clothes stolen in the first place?" I pretended to complain.
Dunc attempted to look businesslike. At least he was clothed, though he'd pushed up his sleeves, exposing subtle black tattoos on his deep brown skin. "Well. As a poor, humbleMerchant --"
"Yeah, right," I snorted.
" -- Needing to fend off both a dastardlyPirateand rapaciousRobber, I feel all I can do against this protection racket is offer up my fiancée on a date to be determined..."
"Acting like aWarlord!" Cat exclaimed with glee. "That notorious womaniser Genghis Khan was a warlord, right?"
I tried to sound outraged. "Do I get any say in this?" Really, I was fine being 'traded' to Cat and Jake; it was just the terrible jokes I was struggling with.
"Are you saying you have aResource Monopolyon your tits and ass?" Duncan was getting way too good at this.
I groaned. "No. Just, please, no more bad puns."
"Really meh? You'd leave me 'beating theBishop'?"
I glared at Duncan, who was rubbing his cock up and down, suiting the actions to the words. The others could guess what he was doing from his elbow movements; I was in the way of them getting an eyeful.
"She's a Resource? You're selling her into slavery? Fantastic!" Cat clapped in glee.
I exchanged a nervous look with Jake. We both knew Cat was a demanding Mistress, and would be equally so if she dominated me. Despite her also being totally lovely, and now also a great friend, like Jake. The combo was why Jake had married her. Knowing and liking her underlying personality was why I was willing to play with her, or Jake, as well as Duncan. Didn't stop me from trepidation, though.
Jake spoke. "I feel like Dunc should get a bunch of camels from this deal."
"No, no, wrong game! That's if you playJaipur.OrCamel Cup."God, Cat was as bad as the guys!
"Camel Up,"Jake corrected Cat.
Cat wasn't letting her enthusiasm be derailed. "So they say, but I first played it wheneveryonemisread the giant C on the box! Anyway, yes, you two come round when we've got a whole evening, and let's all play with Sarah properly. Then we can do board games after! MaybeTicket to Ride?Have you guys played the Indian version?"
"No! That one does my head in, trying to make train routes go in circles! Can't we do the Pennsylvania one?" Jake pleaded.
"The one where you invariably get a fortune in shares?" she retorted.
"Points mean prizes!" Jake exclaimed, confident in his abilities.
"At leastTicket to Rideshouldn't result in so many bad puns," I said.
Famous last words. I really should have known better...
"I can't wait to place mytrainin yourtunnel," Duncan riposted.
I chucked a cushion at him. "For fuck's sake! Too much! I can't take it!"
"Sorry, leh. My poor darling girl." It seemed a genuine apology, for being his usual joking self. "Seriously, you OK? Living with me isn't too much for you?" Duncan swept back his hair with his fingers. He did that when he was nervous.
Bless him. "Silly sausage!" We'd lived together a year now, and agreed it was working, filthy hobbies and all. "Iloveyou, sweetheart. I still want marry you lah! Even if you as bad as Jake at not resisting the wordplay!" I gave Duncan a severe look. "Tie me up and beat me, just don't start making song lyrics jokes. Please?"
Duncan chuckled, echoed by the others. "No chance! More like, take you home, tie you up, shag you senseless, and torture you with more puns. Like, you need more attention on your wonderful backside. You could say I need to..."
"No!" I begged.
"He does, you know." I'd kill Jake later.
"Beat it, beat it..."
And Duncan. "If you want my submission ever, stop that," I told him.
Duncan stopped singing. Instead, he hummed, smirking at me. And people wondered why I was a brat to him...
Jake proved his sense of humour was equally horrendous. "I think hisDominionmay be in a state ofFluxx!." He was back to the game names.
"Jacob!" Cat's stern, scary voice.
"Whatcha goin' to do? Huh? Deport me toSan Juan? Or elsewhere onPuerto Rico? OrAdventure Island?" Smug grin. "Maybe, closer to home? Somewhere like...Kensington,orScotland Yard? I suppose it's aSmall World!"
"Jacob.Boy.Any more game references out of your mouth, and you're going tohurt."
Somehow I doubted that would deter him one bit. He was hugely masochistic as well as submissive.
I was right. Jake told his wife, "Are you refusing to engage inDiplomacy? That would beCardsbecoming a crimeAgainst Humanity." He paused. "Pointless, even..."
"Aagh! Have you not run out of games, yet? Kill me, lah," I groaned. How many games could one sneak into a conversation?
"Oh, I could keep going untilPay Day! A veritableBohnanzaof game references..."
And Duncan was encouraging him! "I'd watch it, mate. Your Mistress will be goingKer-plunkon your arse, if you keep managing toSmugglejokes in. They're veryTaboo, remember?"
"Indeed. It'll be quite theOperation!Aw, c'mon Sarah, there's no reason for suchGloom! You'll get toBang!Dunc when you get home!"
Cat spoke softly into Jacob's ear. Making dire, dire threats if he didn't behave, I was sure.
Jake remained unfazed by the promised consequences. The opposite, if anything. "It's not my fault I'm aMastermind." The cheeky git. "I'll take theRisk. It's not like I've got manyScruples. Maybe,Once upon a Time, I did..."
Duncan provoked him further. "I don't think obedience is even in yourLexicon! More like, you haven't aClue -- d'oh!"
Cluewas marketed asCluedoin Britain...
Jake retorted, "Getting in-Articulate?Perhaps we should all adoptCodenames?"
Cat placed her hand over Jake's package in his little briefs, reminding him who was in charge.
It might have helped if she hadn't warned, as she did so, "Remember, I'm yourNemesis. YourBoss Monster. Guess Who's in big trouble..."
Jake bowed his head obediently.
Obedient? Not quite, not yet. Jake's last, quiet, words were "All right. I accept theFallout, Mistress. Please. Make my arse a thing ofSplendor!" He gazed up at her, his face the picture of innocence.
Cat could give as good as she got. Her jokes even sounded ominous. Like Shakespeare, with his wordplay in rhyming couplets. "Oh, rest assured, I will! Remember, you don't have aMonopolyon puns. And aTop Trumpsa naughty bottom boy!"
Duncan clapped. I had to admit, that was a good one. That boy's backside would be red fordays!
I must remember to look upTicket to Ridevariants and winning strategies, before next week...
In the meantime, Duncan was trying to hurry me up. "Come on, Sarah. We need toSetoff! Enough of theseTrivial Pursuits, before I die ofFrustration!Uno, dos, tres!"
God, my fiancé was just as bad. Worse, even. I felt justified in being totally bratty for him. I reamed out some of his cum from my cleavage onto my finger, and stuck it in his ear.
He gave me a look. The kind that made my body shiver but my pussy tingle.
"Right," said Cat. "Me deal with Jake, you two bugger off. I think we've reached aConsensus..." She beamed with the satisfaction of one about to deliver a good punchline. "Home you go.Bye, guys. We'll have more time next week," Cat promised. She grinned, having thought of yet more themed puns. "Consider this yourCall to Adventure.It'll be a fascinatingGame of Life."
I shook my head in despair, my howls not just for comic effect.
"We can order a takeaway," Jake added from his place on the floor by her feet. "Something like..." He grinned, letting the anticipation build.
I winced, waiting for it.
"Sushi Go!"
I predicted Jake would still find it painful to sit down in a week's time.
And he'd love it.
"Let's go," I said to Duncan, taking his hand.
"Ah, at last! I knew we'd get you to join in!"
I squinted, puzzled.
"Go!Get it?" He smirked.
I groaned.
___
Enjoyed this story? Or hated it but read to the end anyway? Please leave a comment - the only payment we get around here!
Jake's submissive side was previously explored with Cat and Sarah in two other stories. Both are similar in having snarky conversation and looking at the psychological side of kink (no puns, though!), but contain harder BDSM and fetish content, as you might guess from the titles:
'Strength is a Caged Cock' and 'My Love for You is a Red, Red Arse'.
Previous Geek Pride stories of mine are Third Time Getting Lucky (First Time) and Undergraduate Experiments: Drunk/Sober (Gay Male).