It's been a long time since my last submission, but I do have new flashing experiences to share with you.
I work full time as a staff nurse at a local hospital, where I've "accidentally" flashed certain patients from time to time.
I also work part time on the weekends as a visiting home health nurse. I've discovered that flashing a patient in their own home can be safer than flashing them in a public place, and more exciting in some ways.
I'm not the typical exhibitionist who enjoys going completely nude and exposing myself to the public. However, I do enjoy giving patients "accidental" peeks at my body while I pretend to be completely unaware of what I'm exposing to them.
I'll even allow some patients to "accidentally" grope or fondle me, depending on the situation. I've already given a few examples of that in my first 2 story submissions.
I perform intermittent and continuous care visits on the weekends. Intermittent visits last 1 to 2 hours and usually involve routine wound care management and patient/family teaching.
Continuous care visits are 8 or 12 hour shifts and involve total bedside care. Bed baths, dressing, and transferring patients from bed to wheelchair are expected during these types of visits.
I'll wear scrubs to a continuous care visit, but I prefer wearing casual clothing when know I'll be doing an intermittent visit.
My home health agency allows nurses to wear scrubs or casual attire during visits, depending on the patient's preferences.
Some patients require nurses to travel with them publicly, and they feel less conspicuous when the nurse is dressed in casual attire.
I was scheduled to do an intermittent visit with an elderly woman on a Saturday morning, and it was my only visit for the day. The patient was a newly diagnosed diabetic, and she needed help with blood sugar monitoring and teaching on how to self administer insulin as needed.
These are usually short visits, so I made plans to join some friends at the beach as soon as I finished with my patient. We were experiencing an unusually hot and very humid summer in Los Angeles, and the beach is a great place to get away.
I didn't anticipate any heavy work during my visit, so I assumed it would be ok to wear my beach outfit to the patient's home. It would save me time, and I wouldn't have to go back before driving down to the beach.
I'd planned on wearing my purple swimsuit with my new camisole minidress, but the ensemble looked awful when I tried them on together. I know it's just the beach, but it still looked tacky.
My purple swimsuit created a dark silhouette underneath the sheer yellow fabric of my dress, and the wide straps of the swimsuit clashed with the dress' thin spaghetti straps.
The camisole's plunging, horizontal neckline sat really low on my chest. It was high enough to cover the upper part of my areola, but just barely.
However, the top of my swimsuit was visible too far above the neckline. It's a fashion faux pas I wanted to avoid.
I recently purchased the dress online, and I didn't realize how sheer the fabric was. The online sizing chart was also off, as the dress seemed to be a size too small, even for someone who is 5'1 and petite like me.
The camisole dress was tailored to fit loosely, but the flared skirt was short and only came down to about mid-thigh, or approx 3-4 inches below my crotch. It was a cute dress though, and I was determined to make it work.
Unfortunately, I couldn't find any clean underwear to match the dress. Everything was too dark, or mismatched. I hadn't done laundry for 2 weeks, so any matching underwear I had still needed to be washed.
It was early in the morning, but the humidity was already high. I perspired as I struggled to find underwear that wouldn't clash with my new dress.
My body felt sticky, and it made changing underwear more challenging than necessary. Trying pulling on nylon stockings when your legs are wet and see what happens.
I was now behind schedule and needed to hurry up, so I decided not to wear any underwear at all. It was just too hot, and I'd be changing at the beach anyway.
The dress looked great without dark underwear showing through, but the dark, oval silhouettes of my large, brown nipples confirmed that I wasn't wearing a bra.
The fabric appeared more sheer when it was in contact with the surface of my skin, but it wasn't as noticeable where it draped loosely over my crotch. It wasn't obvious that I wasn't wearing any panties.
I honestly thought that my elderly female patient wouldn't notice anything, and I'd be going straight to the beach afterwards. I didn't expect anyone else to see me dressed like this, but I decided to wear a white lab coat with my id badge just to be safe.
I'd been on the road for about 10 minutes when the agency staffer called me. She needed to re-route me to another patient immediately.
I explained that I was already en route to see my own patient, and that I had plans afterward. She replied that another nurse called in sick and that this was a staffing priority. She said I would be paid time and a half for the shift, and would be given next weekend off if I agreed.
She added that no other nurses were available, and I'd be doing her and the patient's family a huge favor.
I love my job and I can always use the extra income, so I agreed to take the case. I pulled over to the side of the road to take down the new patient info and reroute my gps.
The new patient wasn't far from my current location, so I headed there directly. I also called my friends to let them know I couldn't make it to the beach.
I felt like I'd forgotten something as I arrived at the patient's home. I was gathering nursing supplies from the trunk of my vehicle when I felt a warm breeze blow up my short skirt. It felt refreshing in the stifling humidity, and I suddenly remembered what I'd forgotten.
I wasn't wearing my scrubs! I was now going to work an 8 hour shift and wanted to be dressed appropriately for bedside care duties. Flashing was absolutely the last thing on my mind.
I rummaged through my gym back for my spare scrubs, but I couldn't find them. I'd forgotten to replace them after washing them with my other uniforms! I thought about going home to change when an elderly woman opened the front door and came out to my car to meet me.
She introduced herself as Annie, the patient's aunt. She said she was very relieved to see me, as their regular nurse had called in sick at the last minute.
I introduced myself, and apologized for my casual attire. I explained that I was a last minute replacement, and wasn't fully prepared for a continuous care shift today.
I told her I needed to go back home to change into my scrubs, but she said it wasn't necessary. She said they were fine with nurses wearing casual clothing, and that their regular nurse never wore scrubs anyway. She wasn't aware of my my dress looked under the lab coat.
I'd buttoned up the lapels of the lab coat, so I didn't feel self conscious. It was too hot outside to insist on going home, so I finished gathering my supplies and followed her into the house.
The first thing I noticed was just how hot it was inside her home! The windows were open and the ceiling fan was on, but it did nothing to cool the place down. I started to sweat profusely within a few minutes of being inside, and the lab coat only made things worse.
It seemed like she read my mind, because she immediately apologized for the heat as soon as we entered. She said the central ac broke down the night before, and they were expecting a repair man this weekend.
She led me to the living room to give me more information about James, her 29 year old nephew. He had suffered a spinal cord injury as a child, the result of a car accident. Sadly, both of his parents had been killed in the accident. His mother was Annie's sister, and she was given custody over James when he was only 5 years old.
He is a quadriplegic now, but he still has limited use of his right hand. He can turn his head from side to side, but he has a tracheostomy and requires a ventilator to breath.
I followed her to James' room as she continued to give me report. Annie warned me about James being in a bad mood. He was bitter about being disabled and depending on others for his care.
She said they were used to having only male nurses. The few female nurses they had complained that James was too heavy for them to lift and transfer.
Annie explained that they didn't have a Hoyer lift to transfer James at the time, so nurses had to physically transfer James from bed to wheelchair, and back. The other women were not strong enough, or unwilling to perform the transfers.
They own a Hoyer lift now, but the agency continues to staff them with male nurses. She said it had been a few years since they last had a female nurse.
She wasn't sure about how James would react to having a new female nurse, so she went into his room first to prepare him. I waited outside his room as they spoke.
I couldn't hear what he said to her, but his aunt's replies indicated that he didn't want me there. I heard her say that it was too late to get another nurse, and that no male nurses were available.
Annie told him she didn't have time to argue, and left his room a moment later. I followed her back to the living room to finish receiving report.
Saturday was his designated shower day, and he'd refused his last shower 2 days ago. She said he absolutely needed one today, especially after sweating all night due to the broken air conditioning.
Otherwise, James had no other activities planned. She said it was up to him if he wanted to stay in bed all day, or get up in his wheelchair for a few hours.
Annie started to say something else when her phone rang. She excused herself as she answered the phone. I moved to stand under the ceiling fan while I waited, hoping for some relief from the unbearable heat.
It felt like a sauna in their living room! I was drenched in sweat under my lab coat, and standing directly under the ceiling fan made little difference.
Annie hung up after a brief conversation and told me she had to leave. Her dial-a-ride van had just pulled up outside and was waiting for her.
She apologized for leaving so soon, explaining that she has a book club luncheon every other Saturday. This was why it was a staffing emergency. She wouldn't have been able to go to her luncheon if a nurse didn't show up.
She paused at the front door before leaving, and told me to make myself comfortable. I was welcome to watch tv and help myself to their food and drinks.
James had a baby monitor in his room, and speakers were located in the living room, bathroom, and kitchen so that I could hear him when he called for assistance.
She looked like she was about to say something else when the driver honked his horn. She said she'd be back in a few hours, and that her cell number was taped to the refrigerator door if I needed to contact her.
I returned to the living room to review James' chart as soon as she left. I was about to remove my lab coat when James called for me about 5 minutes later, his soft voice barely audible over the baby monitor. I grabbed my nursing supplies and went to see what he needed.
I knocked on his open door and waited for permission to enter. I could hardly him as he told me to come in. His room felt even hotter than the rest of the house! I looked around and noticed that the windows were still closed with the blinds pulled down.
His body was covered by his bed sheets, but I could see that his curly brown hair and face were glistening with perspiration. His room smelled like he definitely hadn't showered in days, if not a week or more!
The head of James' hospital bed was totally flat, and he appeared to be staring up at the ceiling. He wouldn't be able see me until I stood right at his bedside, where he'd be able to turn his head to look at me.
The hospital bed was really low to the ground for fall safety. I tried to locate the bed controls in the area around him, but I didn't see them anywhere.
I walked over to the right side of his bed and stood by his feet as I introduced myself. He smiled towards the ceiling and said something, but I couldn't hear him. The loud roar of 2 large oscillating fans, at both sides of his bed, made it difficult to hear him clearly.
His voice was soft, and his ventilator forced him to speak very slowly with lots of pauses between words.
I moved up to stand beside his upper body and leaned slightly over his right arm in an attempt to hear him more clearly. The big fan behind me had slowly rotated towards me as I leaned over, and I felt the rush of warm air as it blew up my lab coat and skirt!
I was glad at that moment that I wasn't wearing any underwear. The sensation of air rushing up between my legs and over my sweating private parts was refreshing.
It was a brief feeling though, as the fan rotated away again. Fortunately, the large fan across the bed from me rotated to face me as the other rotated away.
This maintained an alternating, constant flow of air towards James, and me, as long as I stood around that area.
James spoke again. I was now leaning just above his face, but I still couldn't hear him. The noise made by the fans at their highest setting made it almost impossible to hear him at all.
I bent down even further, until my face was only a few inches away from his, and asked him to repeat himself. I was now bending over about 90 degrees at my waist.
"Can you...please...open the...windows?" he said, his voice barely audible over the sound of the fans. I replied, "Yes, I think that would be a good start."
He made eye contact as he spoke, giving me the impression that he didn't want to repeat himself again. Sweat trickled into his eyes, forcing him to blink repeatedly. His eyes were red with irritation.
The fan behind me slowly rotated towards me again. This time I felt the rush of air travel all the way up my body, until it exited from the top of my dress and lab coat.
It reminded me of a movie scene with Marilyn Monroe, where she stood over a sidewalk grating as it blew air up her skirt.
Unfortunately, it wasn't enough as I remained drenched in sweat under my lab coat.
Perspiration ran down my forehead and into my eyes, stinging them and forcing me to rub them frequently. The oppressive heat was making us both miserable.
I left his bedside to open the windows as requested. There were only 2 windows along the wall to his right, but they did little to cool the room once they were open. I kept the blinds partially closed to prevent the sunlight from shining directly onto his face.
The humidity made everything more difficult, and I started to feel nauseous from the unrelenting heat. I sat on a chair near his bedside and retrieved a bottle of water from of my nursing bag. Unfortunately, it was now room temperature and almost as useless as the open windows.
I finished the warm water and returned to his bedside to see what he wanted next. I leaned over his bed again until my face was close to his, and I widened my stance this time.
I closed my eyes and smiled briefly as the fan made its way towards me again, blasting more warm air up my dress. I adjusted the angle of my hips so that I could feel the air directly against my perspiring vagina, and it felt amazing.
I'd like to add that I had difficulty phrasing that correctly. "Perspiring vagina" sounds rather disgusting to me, but I don't know how else to say it. It sounds less vulgar to me than "hot pussy", although both phrases were technically correct. I digress.
I opened my eyes and looked down at James. He had a puzzled expression on his face as he looked up at me, and asked me what I was smiling about. I told him I appreciated his large fans, even though they made it hard to hear him.
My only complaint was that the fans blew loose strands of my long black hair into my face, even though it was pulled back into a high ponytail. It was very annoying.
I made a joke about wearing a lab coat in this heat, and he asked why I still had it on. I explained that I wasn't wearing scrubs and that I wanted to appear more "professional."
He rolled his eyes at me and said those were stupid reasons. He didn't care if his nurses didn't look professional, as long as they did their job properly.
He added that he had many professional "looking" nurses who were terrible at their jobs, so how we dressed made little difference to him.
The ventilator slowed his speech pattern, making him speak with several pauses between words. I didn't mind as I continued to enjoy the fan blowing air up my skirt with every pass.
I thoroughly enjoyed the sensation of air moving over my hot, moist skin. My body tingled with goosebumps as it traveled up my stomach and between my sweat covered breasts. My nipples also grew erect in response to the pleasurable stimuli.
I told him that I'd planned on going to the beach today before I was re-routed to his case, and that I'd forgotten my spare scrubs at home.
He replied, "I really don't...care what...you're wearing, I just...want you...to be ...comfortable. You look...more miserable...than me, but if...you want...to wear a coat...in this heat, go...ahead."
He had a valid point, and it was hard to disagree with him as sweat continued to stream down my face. There was no way I was going to last 8 hours with my coat on, in this heat.
"Are you sure you don't mind?", I asked again. He rolled his eyes at me again as a reply, and that was all the reassurance I needed. My back was also sore from bending over all this time and I needed to stretch it out.
My desire to escape the heat strongly overwhelmed any desire I had to remain modest. I thought to myself, "Don't say anything. Be professional. Handle it."
I don't know why, but I was still compelled to turn my back to him as I removed the lab coat. I turned away to face the windows, and casually removed my coat.
I was immediately rewarded by a gust of cool air as the fan made its rotation and faced me again. This time the air was directed at the front of my body, and it felt even better without the lab coat.
My nipples responded immediately, growing rock hard in a matter seconds! They're getting hard now, as I remember the events like it was yesterday.
I wanted to pause for another pass, but I felt awkward just standing there. I tossed my coat on the nearby chair and reached for my nursing gear. I returned to the right side of his bed with my stethoscope, pulse oximeter, and digital wrist blood pressure cuff.
The left arm is suggested for a more accurate measurement, so I needed to reach across his body to place it on his left wrist.
I asked for permission to lower his sheets to uncover his left arm, and he nodded yes. I bent down at my waist again as I leaned across his body, and pulled his bed sheets down to his stomach.
He appeared to be quite thin and frail. The size of his head was disproportionate to the rest of his body. He didn't appear too heavy for me to lift or transfer, so I didn't anticipate the need to use a Hoyer lift.
His upper torso glistened with sweat. I was greeted by the pungent, musky stench of male body odor and perspiration, but I was used to that. It was mixed with the ammonia-like stench of old urine, indicating he was also incontinent of urine.
My facial expression never changed, as these are daily experiences for me. Men or women, it's all the same. It's a perfectly normal function of the human body.
It's unprofessional and embarrassing for the patient when a nurse openly reacts poorly to uncontrollable body functions.
It also shows a lack of compassion and respect for the patient, in my honest opinion. It's my goal to maintain a patient's dignity, as well as their physical, mental, and emotional health.
James spoke again as I placed the bp cuff on his left wrist. I heard him this time as I hovered over his stomach. "I'm really...hot...please, pull...sheets...all...the way...down."
I looked down and to my left to make eye contact, and replied, "ok, no problem." I left the cuff on his wrist as it electronically measured his blood pressure, and proceeded to pull the sheets all the way down past his feet.
He was totally naked under the sheets. Again, this was no surprise as many quadriplegics sleep nude, sometimes wearing only an adult diaper. He didn't have a diaper on, but he slept on an incontinent pad, or "chux pad."
Girlfriends have asked me if I ever stare at a patient's penis when he isn't looking, and the truth is yes.
We can't help it. It's not a sexual thing, but it's more about human sexuality. It is also about assessing his skin integrity for sores or skin breakdown.
There are 2 common types of penises that I see almost every day. The kind that are externally flaccid, and the kind that shrink and retract into their base.
His was the latter, and the tip of his circumcised penis appeared red with irritation caused by urinary incontinence. I couldn't see the rest of his penis as it remained withdrawn.
He didn't appear to be incontinent of stool, which made made me sigh with relief. The fan behind me also returned with another wonderful blast of air up my dress.
This time the air roamed quickly and freely across my sticky feeling body, unrestricted by the confines of my lab coat. My little camisole started to inflate with air.
I felt my skirt being lifted high by the fan, and the parts of my camisole that clung to my skin started to peel away slowly.
It felt too good to move this time, so I remained bent over for one more pass. My back was tired from the constant bending, so I placed my hands on his mattress and shifted my weight forward to relieve my lower back fatigue.
I felt both of my shoulder straps slide down my arms as I did this, but the front of my camisole continued to cling to my sticky breasts. I smiled again as the fan in front of me hit me with more air, this time down the front of my clingy camisole.
I felt the front loosen a little bit, and I closed my eyes briefly as the rear fan returned. My camisole suddenly expanded outward in all directions as the fan behind me flooded it with air!
The fabric was still heavy with moisture though, and gravity did the rest as the front of my top suddenly dropped down, air billowing out the top. I looked down at myself as I realized what had just happened.
The front of my camisole now gaped wide open as the fan behind me filled my skirt with air, essentially inflating my dress and causing the clingy fabric to peel itself away from my body.
My one piece camisole didn't have any other openings, forcing the air to escape out the top. I saw my exposed breasts, and everything else down to my recently trimmed pubic hair! The fan started to rotate away again, but it was too late.
My face was less than a foot away from James, and my upper body was angled towards his face so I could hear him. There was no doubt that he could see down my top as well. I quickly glanced up at James, and saw that he still maintained eye contact.
His expression didn't change as he looked at me, so I didn't know if he had seen anything or not. He behaved as if he didn't see a anything.
The fan in front of me rotated towards me as the fan behind me rotated way. The rush of air from the fan facing me caught the inside front of my camisole, pushing it down down just far enough for my both of my breasts to pop out completely!
I was frozen for a moment, caught in complete surprise by what had just happened. I looked down at James and it was clear that he saw everything this time.
His eyes were fixed on my exposed breasts. I regained my composure and stood up as I struggled to pull my top back up. I was careless, and pulled too hard on the left strap.
It tore away from my cheap dress easily, allowing the left side of my camisole to slide back down until the upper half of my left nipple was partially exposed.
The edge appeared to be held up by my erect nipple, but just barely. I pulled it up again, and it appeared to stay in place this time, the stickiness actually being a good thing for once.
I was far more bothered by all the loose hair blowing into my face and mouth, so I needed to redo my ponytail immediately.
I arched my back as I reached up behind my head with both hands to undo my ponytail. I happened to look down for a moment, and noticed James' penis.
He appeared to be fully erect! I honestly wondered at first if it was just a reaction to the blowing air. I casually looked up again, and noticed a large mirror on the wall facing me.
I stared at my reflection and froze again. I was totally back lit by the windows behind me. The constant perspiration under my lab coat had saturated the entire camisole, making it appear almost totally transparent.
My breasts appeared to be deliberately thrust forward as I reached behind my head. The transparent fabric of my camisole stretched out across my stiff, puffy nipples, making them appear even more prominent.
The way my camisole clung to my breasts actually enhanced their appearance, making them appear more firm and round. Unfortunately, they've started to sag just a little bit as I've grown older.
Other parts of my dress clung to my stomach, hips, and thighs, seeming to melt away on contact as it revealed my golden brown skin.
The large patches of material at my hips clearly revealed that I wasn't wearing panties, but that didn't matter either.
The front end of my short skirt had ridden high up the front of my thighs, and remained stuck there. The lower half of my pussy was now exposed as well. The upper half was partially visible through my sheer skirt as it clung to my damp pubic hair.
The sunlight behind me highlighted the gap between my thighs, outlining the exposed parts of my labia and pubic hair.
I instinctively looked down at his penis again and realized it wasn't erect because of being exposed to air. It was erect because of my own exposure to air, so to speak.
I could now see the entire length and shape of his erect, circumcised penis.
It was quite thin and veiny, but appeared to be about 5-6 inches in length. James is caucasian, but his penis was a darker shade than the rest of his body.
The bulbous, mushroom shaped head appeared swollen now, the surface skin taut and red. A small amount of clear liquid exited his urethra. His large tuft of dark brown pubic hair appeared matted and drenched in sweat.
It wasn't a bad looking penis at all. I couldn't resist the urge to imagine what riding his cock would feel like.
Contrary to popular myth, some quadriplegics are quite capable of having regular erections.
An erection is the result of sustained blood flow to that region, which is not always affected by spinal cord injuries. Most quadriplegics I've ever worked with always seemed to have erections when I worked with them, and I didn't have to flash them.
I remained calm as I lowered my arms and let down my long, soaking wet hair. The fan behind me came back again, and it scattered my wet hair all over the place.
I leaned forward again, and snapped my head forward quickly. My hair, heavy with perspiration, easily whipped around with the momentum.
I remained bent over until I was able to gather all, or most of my hair. The constant blowing by both fans kept scattering strands, making it difficult.
I stood up straight and reached behind my head once more, struggling with my sticky hair as I tried to redo my ponytail.
I looked at my reflection again. The momentum of my rapid movement had dislodged the left side of my camisole, allowing it to fall well below my left nipple!
I couldn't pull it back up until I finished binding my hair, which seemed to take forever. It was really more like 15 to 20 seconds though.
I looked at my crotch in the mirror again, and the bottom hem of my skirt had climbed higher as well. The entire lower half of my pussy was now on display!
I avoided making eye contact with James once I finished with my hair. I turned away from him as I pulled my camisole up again and pulled down the front of my skirt.
My back was still sore from bending over and I didn't want to reach across his body for for his left wrist. I also wanted to avoid looking at my reflection, so I moved to stand at the left of his bed.
The mirror was behind me now, so I wouldn't be distracted by my own appearance. I didn't have to bend over as much when I reached down to remove the bp cuff from his left wrist.
The fan which faced me when I stood at the right side of his bed was now behind me. I felt the back of my skirt rise a little as it panned towards my backside.
James turned his head to the left, towards me. I looked down at him but he appeared to be looking into the mirror behind me.
I continued to look down at the bp cuff on his left wrist as I gradually turned to my right, towards James' face.
He didn't appear to notice as he continued to stare into the mirror behind me. I turned until I was able see the mirror from the corner of my eyes.
The bottom half of my camisole had ridden well up my buttocks, and remained stuck to the upper part of my butt cheeks!
Most of my ass was exposed, and my gap between my thighs revealed the rear portion of my unshaven labia. My lips appeared quite swollen and puffy from this angle.
He said something, but I continued to have difficulty hearing him. He looked away from the mirror rolled his eyes in apparent frustration at having to repeat himself.
I had to bend over again and lean down to hear what he was trying to say. I self consciously kept my right hand on my top this time as I placed my right ear near his face.
James repeated himself, "I said...it will be easier...to hear me...if you turn off...the fans."
I felt silly for not thinking of that earlier, and moved to turn off both fans. I casually pulled my skirt down as I walked, but it continued to ride back up every few steps.
I returned to the left side of his bed after turning off both fans, but started to sweat again almost immediately.
I quietly removed the bp cuff from his left wrist, unsure of what he was going to say next. I moved to stand closer to his chest as I bent down to assess his lung and heart sounds.
It wouldn't have been possible to hear anything anyway if the fans were still on, so it was good timing.
I noticed his face turn towards the mirror again as I bent down at the waist. I also felt my skirt ride up my buttocks again.
I didn't care at all any more. He could already see everything though my transparent dress, and it was too hot to put my lab coat back on. I was glad that Annie would be gone for a few hours.
I didn't want her to see me like this and possibly report me to the office. However, James gave me the impression that he didn't mind. Well, his raging erection actually gave me that impression first.
Sweated trickled down my face and dripped onto his chest as I listened with my stethoscope. I apologized immediately, and felt more embarrassed about dripping sweat on to him.
He rolled his eyes again, and he appeared to be sweating more than me. He blinked rapidly as the salty perspiration stung his eyes.
I saw a towel near his head and used it to dry his face and eyes.
He said thank you as he slowly turned his face from side to side to assist me.
I was really tired now from bending over again, so I supported my upper body with my right arm as I dried his face with my left.
The motion of my left arm shook my camisole loose again, and my right strap slid off my shoulder and down my right arm as I leaned on his mattress.
The front of my camisole fell away from my chest once more, and this time without any help from the fans.
However, part of my dress still clung to my lower stomach. My breasts were totally exposed, but my pussy remained slightly hidden by the gathered fabric around my stomach and crotch.
I didn't look at him this time as I straightened up to fix my dress for what seemed like the hundredth time.
I expected him to comment on my many flashes, but he never said a word. However, his erection said everything.
His calm reaction to my excessive partial nudity triggered my compulsion to flash him. I'd continue to behave normally until he made a sexual remark or commented on my body.
I was prepared to put my lab coat back on in this sweltering heat if he tried anything blatantly sexual. I didn't mind his erection at all since he couldn't control that.
Besides, erections seem to validate me. I'm still self conscious at times about the size and asymmetrical shape of my dark, caramel colored nipples.
An erection tells me a man likes what he sees, putting my insecurities to rest. I've always felt less attractive than most caucasian women.
I'm only 5'1, with brown eyes, dark brown skin, and long, jet black hair that almost reaches my waist. I'm fit at around 115 lbs, but I'm built more like a female soccer player.
I'm not tall with massive breasts and pale blue eyes, and that appears to be what most men want. I'm definitely not a super model, but I think I could get a job at hooters if I had to.
My breasts are a full 32B cup, but my really large, brown areola make them look a bit larger. I'm half Filipino and half spanish, but most people mistake me for a full blooded Hispanic.
I digress again.
I looked at my watch. I had been there less than an hour, but he'd already seen more of my body than most men will ever see in 12 hours.
I returned to his bed to retrieve my gear and placed them back into my bag. I didn't make eye contact again until I returned to his bedside. This time I chose to squat down on the floor, to the left of his bed.
I placed my left arm on top of his mattress as I shifted my weight forward, raising my heels and balancing on the balls of my feet.
My thighs automatically widened as well to maintain my balance. The abrupt motion caused my clingy, elastic skirt to retract rapidly up my outstretched thighs.
My pussy demanded to be seen, and she wasn't taking no for an answer! This was truly unintentional. The heat forced me to focus on one thing at a time, and modesty wasn't it.
I squatted right by his upper arm, so I think my pussy was within his field of view as he turned his left to face me. It didn't help that my crotch faced him at a 45* degree angle.
I thought then, that it helped him more than it helped me. Maybe it helped both of us.
I was in full exhibitionism mode now. I'd already given him a close up of my breasts anyway, and he'd seen my pussy from only slightly further away. Another foot or two didn't matter to me.
My pussy was beyond drenched now, for reasons beyond the mere heat. She was on fire, my hormones stoking the flames higher. I didn't mean to make that rhyme.
He surprised me when he looked into my eyes at first. I didn't see him even try to look at my crotch, until I looked away to my left for a moment.
My lateral vision picked up the motion of his head as he shifted it slightly more towards me, and turned more sharply to his left. His left cheek almost touched the sheet, and his chin rested on his left shoulder.
I kept looking away until I telegraphed that I was going to face him again. This gave him time to adust his head once more as I finally looked over at him. He appeared to be looking up at the ceiling, not me.
I glanced down at my pussy immediately, wondering if he'd seen something...unsightly. Most women are self conscious about the appearance of their vaginas. We wouldn't groom or shave them if we weren't.
My swollen lips were quite obvious, shiny and glazed over with excessive secretions, and I thought my pubic hair was trimmed well enough to wear a french cut bikini. She looked cute in my opinion, glistening as she was.
I quickly looked up, satisfied and less insecure. James didn't miss a beat.
"Can we...get started...on my...bed bath...now?"
To be continued...