Emily finds herself back in a strange parallel world where female nudity and submission is not just expected but legally enforced. This is a sequel to Emily 2.0. It is recommended to read that first.
This story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.Themes include ENF, CMNF, humiliation, non-consent, reluctance, public nudity, public sex, a touch of BDSM here and there, and occasional violence if it's relevant to the story or character development.
When Emily woke up the next day, the first thing she noticed was that her nipples were hard. Not just hard - rock hard. They were not unlike pencil erasers standing to attention amid unusually puffy areola. There was no explanation for it. The temperature wasn't unduly cold, and she had been under the covers, so that wasn't it. Eventually, she put it down to the effects of a sex dream that had already faded from her consciousness, or perhaps just one of those things that happens sometimes for no particular reason. She gave them a rub to help them go down, but it didn't help at all. Instead, she felt a tingling sensation throughout her body, in particular her lower abdomen. It seemed that her body was in an aroused state, yet sex was not on her mind at all. It was too early for that. Could this be the effects of the genital enhancing therapy already? She didn't want to consider that, plus it seemed too soon, and altogether too much. It would have been mentioned if other women who had the therapy were walking around in this heightened state of arousal constantly. A sex dream that had already been forgotten was the best explanation, in which case the problem should pass in a few minutes.
Except it didn't pass. Ten minutes later, nothing had changed. The need to use the bathroom had, though, and it could now no longer be ignored. After a quick peek through the curtains to ensure Elizabeth wasn't nearby, she gathered her toiletries and headed for the amenities, hoping her nipples wouldn't attract too much attention.
The act of walking, along with the breeze on her naked breasts, caused the tingling sensation to increase. By the time she reached the bathroom, she had to pause to catch her breath, placing one hand on the wall for balance. This was ridiculous. When would it pass?
"Is everything okay, Emily?"
Emily looked up to see Elizabeth's concerned face looking at her.
Fuck!
She had been hoping to avoid Elizabeth, and not have a repeat of yesterday's performance in front of the other women.
"Yes, I'm okay, thanks, Elizabeth. Just a little out of breath."
"Oh, are you ill? Are you perhaps experiencing a chill?" Elizabeth asked, glancing at Emily's chest and her almost painfully erect nipples.
"Um... maybe," Emily replied. "They were like that when I woke up. I'm hoping a warm shower will help."
"Would you like assistance with your depilations again?" Elizabeth asked, her face lighting up in anticipation. "I have showered already but I would be happy to get wet again if you desire it."
"Um... if you don't mind, I'd like to shower alone today, if that's okay?" Emily responded.
"That is no problem," Elizabeth replied, her expression changing to a warm smile, but it was obvious she was disappointed. "I will be here for some minutes yet, if you have a change of heart."
"Thank you, I'll be fine today," Emily assured her, returning the smile.
"Okay, I hope you are feeling better soon," Elizabeth added sincerely, before turning towards the row of mirrors along the wall near the entry where several other women were applying makeup and using hair dryers.
After relieving her bladder, Emily once again wished for the privacy of a stall as she turned on the shower. The small jets of water caused pleasant goose bumps to break out across her body. Water had never felt this good, but the sensation was almost frightening. 'Dark Emily' was making her presence felt. She wanted to embrace it and cry out in pre-orgasmic joy at the sensation, but that just wouldn't do with so many eyes and ears present. The urge to masturbate to relieve the sensation wasn't even an option. That would be seen as far more depraved than the lesbian sex she experienced with Elizabeth in front of the other women the day before.
Wait, was it too late to change her mind and call Elizabeth back to 'help with her depilations'? If she got away with that yesterday, then surely a repeat performance wouldn't hurt?
No, get ahold of yourself, Emily! Just shave and wash yourself, then go about your business. This doesn't need to be sexual!
With that, she picked up her razor and commenced shaving everything that needed to be shaved. Focussing on being practical did seem to help a little too. That was until she got to her pussy. It was just a simple touch to pull her skin taught so that the razor could do its work, yet that was all it took. Her vision blurred and her knees buckled as an orgasm exploded across her body. It wasn't just any orgasm that took over her pelvic area for a few seconds either. This was a whole-body experience, and it seemed to last much longer than other orgasms.
After what felt like several minutes, she became aware of a woman crying out. Opening her eyes revealed it was her own voice, and it also revealed that everyone present was looking straight at her. She became aware that she was kneeling on the floor with her right hand between her parted legs, the razor discarded several feet away. The shower continued to cascade as her moans slowly faded and the realisation of what she had just done overwhelmed her. It had happened again! Somehow, she had commenced masturbating, completely losing herself in the moment, despite being far from alone. Speechless, she could only stare back at the bewildered faces looking at her.
"Come, Emily."
Emily turned to see Elizabeth walking towards her, holding her hand out. She gratefully took it and allowed Elizabeth to guide her to a bench.
"I-I don't know what came over me," Emily stuttered, staring into space as Elizabeth did her best to towel her off.
"It is nobody's business," Elizabeth replied. "Do you still feel unwell? Your nubbins still appear as if you are chilled. Let us return you to your bed, and I will fetch Lieutenant Maddie once you are comfortable."
"I don't feel cold but perhaps a lie down is in order. Thank you, Elizabeth."
"It is no trouble. I am sure you would do the same for me."
Emily felt much better once she was back within the relative privacy of her bed, yet her nipples still remained erect, and the all-over tingling sensation hadn't faded. She got under the covers and drew them up to her chin, despite not feeling cold. Some minutes later, she heard Madison's voice outside the curtain surrounding the bed.
"What's up, Eminem? Can I come in?" Madison asked.
"Yes, please do," Emily replied.
The curtains drew back to reveal Madison's concerned face looking in. Elizabeth stood just behind her, looking equally worried.
"Elizabeth told me what happened," Madison began. "Um... are you still triggered from yesterday's event?"
"I'm not sure... I don't think so... My body is going crazy for some reason. My nipples were like this when I woke up and they won't go down!" Emily wailed, pulling the blanket down to expose her upper body.
"Holy fuck! Are you cold? It doesn't feel cold in here."
"No, I'm not cold. I don't know what it is. My whole body is tingling like I'm pre-orgasmic but mentally there's nothing sexy going on at all, and it won't stop! Is this the genital enhancement therapy doing this to me?"
"I don't think so," Madison frowned. "At least I've never heard of anything like that happening. Elizabeth?"
"No, it was not like that for me," Elizabeth responded. "I just found it much easier to become aroused and then achieve orgasm during coupling, but it took many weeks for the effect to be noticeable. My nubbins were unchanged."
"Hmm... this is the second time in as many days that you've completely lost control of yourself," Madison considered. "Let's just hope this is just a temporary issue to do with your kink, and you're not setting a trend for yourself."
"It wasn't the same as yesterday," Emily clarified. "Today I woke up and it was all physical. I can't say that my kink was triggered at all. Yesterday, for sure. That was definitely my head playing tricks on me."
"What is 'kink'?" Elizabeth asked.
"Um... I guess you could say that it's something that turns you on above the things that most people get all hot and bothered by," Madison began. "It might just be a more extreme level of coupling, or it could be something completely unrelated to coupling. Some kinks can seem a little strange and out there to many folks, but it's not necessarily a bad thing. It can feel amazing to them that have it. I can explain more about it later if you like."
"It can be all kinds of things. It's different from one person to the next. In my case I crave being forced into situations I find humiliating," Emily volunteered, ignoring Madison's attempt to move on from the topic. She was obviously trying to spare Emily the embarrassment of revealing anything too personal to Elizabeth. However, having now tasted each other's vaginas, Emily felt that she was beyond the stage of keeping secrets from her, and she deserved to be properly informed.
"Humiliating?" Elizabeth questioned.
"Well, you know how I told you that women wear clothes just like men where I am from?" Emily asked rhetorically before continuing. "Living revealed as women do here was not something I had ever considered. When it was thrust upon me, I was extremely uncomfortable with it, but over time I grew to crave that sensation rather than adapt to it and find it normal like all the other women do here."
"You crave discomfort?"
"Well, not physical discomfort as such," Emily corrected. "It's more the feeling that it triggers within me when such a situation is forced on me. It makes my heart race and floods my brain with dopamine, producing a euphoric sensation, despite the appalling circumstances that caused it. Other people may have a completely different kink. They may like being bound or spanked or watching other people couple, or perhaps fetishise a particular body part, or even an object or location. There are as many kinks as there are people, I think. It may be something small or it could be something major that most people would find completely outrageous. Basically, it's pretty much anything beyond the mere physical sensations of coupling. If you can imagine it, there's someone out there who gets aroused by it."
"I like coupling with women in the showers," Elizabeth considered. "There is something about the sound of the running water and wet skin. Is that a kink?"
"Yeah, it probably is," Madison nodded. "In my case I love coupling more than most, with as many men and women as possible. Where I come from that would be considered a perversion, and it would be frowned on, but here I can experience it without judgement."
"Okay, I think I understand now," Elizabeth decided. "I was hesitant to mention to others the arousal I experience in the showers, as I did not think they would understand. Instead, I just approached those who were willing to couple, and kept my true feelings to myself."
"Yeah, I think you got it, chica," Madison smiled.
"What you were experiencing was a sense of shame," Emily pointed out. "That's why you didn't want to tell anyone. It's that feeling that I'm triggered by."
"Hmm... this feeling seems to be a negative one. I am not sure I feel aroused by that as such. It is more the act itself for me," Elizabeth frowned.
"Yep, it's different for everyone," Madison elaborated. "You like sex in the shower. For Em, it's more in her head than in her body."
"Why was she pleasuring herself then?" Elizabeth asked. "This is not something a woman would normally do in front of others. Is this not also a kink?"
"Unfortunately, that's more what happens when that feeling inside me becomes too intense," Emily explained, reddening still at the memory of it. "In this case, though, I'm not sure what the cause was. All I did was touch myself as I shaved, just like I've done every day I've been here."
Emily demonstrated the action as she was talking, inadvertently brushing the blanket above her genitals in the process, causing it to contact her clitoris. It was only the lightest of touches, but once again her body instantly exploded in orgasm, her eyes widening briefly in shock, before crossing as the sensation overwhelmed her. The other two women looked on in surprise.
"My goodness, Em," Madison gasped once Emily had recovered. "What are we going to do with you?"
"Oh God, I'm so sorry," Emily blushed. "I guess all I can do is try going about my business and hope it settles down. Maybe if I focus on doing normal things it'll stop eventually?"
"Hmm... maybe you should stay in bed and do puzzles again?" Madison suggested.
"Excuse me," a female voice interrupted. "There is a messenger outside the barracks. The General wishes to meet with Envoy 7GQA9E."
Fuck! So much for doing normal things. He's going to want a blow job for sure...
"Thank you," Emily responded. "Please tell the messenger I will be on my way shortly."
"Yeah, I got shit to do too," Madison considered out loud, while still not being totally comfortable about letting Emily out of her sight. "Are you sure you're gonna be okay, Em?"
"I'll have to be," Emily answered while flicking the covers back and twisting up into a seated position. "I can't stay in my bed for the rest of my life."
"Hmm... okay," Madison tentatively agreed, biting her lip with obvious concern. "But you know you better than anyone else. If you don't wanna take a sickie, then I won't try and stop you."
"Thanks, Mads," Emily replied as she raised herself to standing and gave Madison a kiss on the forehead.
"Do we have more sims today, Lieutenant?" Elizabeth asked Madison.
"You got it, Ensign," Madison winked. "The ship ain't gonna fly itself, and we all gotta know what to do when something fucks up."
With that, the women set off to their various destinations. Emily quickly checked her hair and makeup and fixed her collar before heading to the General's office, her nipples still embarrassingly erect. The damned tingling sensation still hadn't gone away either. Each step seemed to almost trigger yet another orgasm, and she had to pause to catch her breath several times along the way.
"'Present', Envoy 7GQA9E," the General commanded as Emily entered his office. "I assume you have recovered well from the genital enhancing therapy?"
She immediately assumed the position but had trouble staying still. Every few seconds, the tingling led to a convulsion in her stomach muscles, which made her double over slightly. Her legs quivered noticeably as well.
"I think so, yes," she answered, without wishing to acknowledge the increased state of arousal she had been experiencing ever since. She hoped against hope that it was unrelated.
"Are you cold?" The General asked, raising his eyebrows as he noticed Emily's erect nipples and the occasional tremble as he walked around her, unashamedly looking her up and down as if inspecting his troops.
"Um... no," Emily replied. "I woke up like this and it won't go away."
"Are you ill, perhaps?"
"No, I'm fine. I'm sure it's just temporary. If it's all the same to you, sir, I'd prefer to just ignore it and assume business as usual."
"Very well. The effect is rather arousing to me, provided you are not experiencing discomfort. Can you 'Kneel' and 'Open' then?"
"Certainly, sir."
With that, Emily was on her knees with her hands behind her back, staring up at the General with her mouth open expectantly. His penis was already erect and sprang out from his trousers as he unzipped. It was unusual for him to be hard straight out of the gate. Emily assumed he wasn't kidding about her nipples arousing him. She took him deep into her throat immediately, working his shaft by bobbing her head back and forth. An occasional involuntary twitch from her body forced him in even deeper from time to time. It surprised her, but not enough for her to lose concentration. She was far too experienced with this now to gag.
She noted a sad sensation in her pussy, a kind of longing, like she hadn't had an orgasm for a long time, but that didn't make sense since she'd had two already that morning. She wanted desperately to touch herself again but knew it was out of the question while she was under command. Even without the confines of a command, a woman seen masturbating in public was a major social faux pas in this place. The irony never escaped Emily. All women were totally naked at all times here, and public sex was commonplace and mandated by law. Yet, the sight of a woman pleasuring herself just wouldn't do. It was the damn patriarchy again, as much as they seemed to think they'd escaped it with all of their rules about female nudity and behaviour here. Sure, it was a much safer environment and men were far more polite, but it was still seriously fucked up. In many ways it was worse than her own world, but that was also what made it exciting.
Emily's thoughts were interrupted by the General's semen erupting into her throat. She swallowed instinctively, ignoring the taste of it, while continuing to bob her head back and forth to ensure his pleasure in the final moments.
"Thank you, Envoy 7GQA9E," the General commended, obviously overjoyed with the experience as he zipped up and settled back onto the couch at the side of his office. "As always, you have taken my breath away."
"Thank you, sir," Emily automatically replied as her mind drifted to Collingwood. She would have to go find him to see about getting the IUD replaced, and not take any of his nonsense this time, but a more pressing matter was the need to have an orgasm. She would need to find somewhere private, and urgently before Dark Emily took over and made her lose control in public yet again.
"Will that be all, sir?"
"Err... yes, for the time being. I am sad to advise that there is some delay in the construction of your new quarters. The arrival of you and your crew has meant reallocating personnel to other duties with greater priority. I hope your current quarters in the women's barracks are not too uncomfortable for you?"
"No, sir, not at all. In fact, I am enjoying the company," Emily replied with a reassuring smile.
The need to masturbate was building fast. She needed him to dismiss her before she did it right there in front of him.
"That is good to hear..."
"Hello... someone seems to be having a rather good time," Collingwood interrupted, suddenly appearing in the room, his eyes drawn immediately to Emily's chest. "Unless you're cold, 7GQA9E?"
"No, as I was just explaining to the Gen..."
"Aroused then?" he suggested with a smirk.
"Um... no," Emily lied, looking for an opportunity to end the conversation and find a bathroom or a closet somewhere pronto.
"Oh, come on, the evidence is obvious. If the physical signs weren't enough already, the look on your face speaks volumes. Shall we have you 'Display' so we can check in more detail?"
"No, that's fine. I've got stuff to do and places to be," Emily lied. Well, it was only a partial lie. She did indeed want to get somewhere else as quickly as possible, and masturbation certainly qualified as 'stuff to do'.
"'Display', 7GQA9E," Collingwood commanded. "If nothing else, I am enthusiastic to see if there are any effects of the genital enhancing therapy visible yet."
Emily could feel her mind slipping as she assumed the position with a sigh, bending over and holding her buttocks and labia open for the men's gazes. Almost before Collingwood could open his mouth to say whatever humiliating bullshit he was going to say, her right-hand broke position and a middle finger found its way into her eager vagina.
"Oh my goodness," she briefly heard the General gasp as she instantly orgasmed, her hand pumping furiously as waves of pleasure coursed through her body.
She wondered what she could say to excuse her behaviour as a moment of normalcy returned to her mind, but the sexual need had not fully abated. If anything, it was building again even stronger than before. She dropped to her knees, completely abandoning the 'Display' position, and began openly masturbating in front of the watching men. Collingwood's face shone in complete glee. The General, however, was less than pleased.
"'Present', Envoy 7GQA9E!" she heard the General's shocked voice order, but she was too caught up in what she was doing to obey.
"I said, 'Present', Envoy 7GQA9E!" he repeated, almost shouting in obvious outrage. "Stop that at once and obey the command!"
Once again, Emily orgasmed, her cries of ecstasy filling the room. As the last waves waned, her mind was finally able to process the words from the General's mouth.
Oh God! What have I done!
She rose to the 'Present' position, sheepishly staring at her feet. She noted with some dismay that her nipples were still erect. The need to masturbate was still present as well. It was taking everything she had not to resort to it once again, in spite of the knowledge that she had utterly disgraced herself in doing so already.
"Envoy 7GQA9E, what is the meaning of this?" the General demanded to know. "Never in my years have I seen a woman behave in such a manner."
Emily could only continue to stare at her feet in silence.
"I believe she was suddenly overwhelmed with the duties of womanhood, sir," Collingwood began on her behalf. "Or perhaps your masculinity was too much for her to bear? One could hardly blame the poor girl. You are a rather impressive specimen, after all."
There was no point denying it anymore. It seemed that the gene therapy had indeed altered her body chemistry somehow. There was no other explanation for it.
"It... it must be something to do with the genital enhancing therapy, sir," Emily sputtered, her eyes still unable to meet his. "I... I can't think of what else it could be... I woke up with these damn hard nipples that won't go away, and my body seems to be in a highly aroused state, even though I don't want it to be."
"I shall arrange for a repeat visit to the physician then," the General answered gravely. "This is most extraordinary. I have not seen such a reaction to it before."
"I don't think that will be necessary, sir," Collingwood countered. "I'm sure this is just temporary, and it will go away on its own within a few days."
"I guess it would not hurt to delay for some time, provided 7GQA9E is able to control herself in company," the General cautiously agreed. "The duties of womanhood should be sufficient in normal circumstances to prevent a woman having to resort to such activities. I have never seen such a display before."
"Well, she is rather wanton, sir, and don't forget she is not from this world and your ways do not come naturally to her. It is understandable that she might react in an uncustomary manner from time to time."
"I guess you are right, Chief Engineer," the General considered.
"As always, sir," Collingwood smugly agreed.
"Envoy 7GQA9E, do you agree, or would you prefer medical intervention at once?" the General asked.
"Um... I guess we can see how it goes for a few days, sir," Emily answered while trying hard to ignore Collingwood's slights on her character, not to mention his infuriating arrogance which she was never certain was authentic or done in sarcastic humour. He also obviously saw her current state of unwanted arousal as an opportunity to explore, rather than a problem, so it seemed her course was set anyway.
"Very well, we shall see how it goes," the General accepted. "However, I will ask that you at least attempt to confine these outbursts to somewhere private, should you be unable to control yourself."
"I will do my best, sir," Emily nodded, her face reddening with the knowledge that her answer was an admittance that she was indeed wanton. However, to speak up and attempt to defend her behaviour would mean continuing this conversation, which would only deepen the humiliation, and delay her escape from it.
"Will that be all, sir?" Collingwood asked. "I have some things I would like to discuss with 7GQA9E in my lab."
"Yes, you are both dismissed," the General waved. "However, we will need to discuss this matter in more detail if I hear reports of 7GQA9E not behaving in a manner that is customary for a woman."
"We can cuff her or make her wear boxing gloves if it comes to it, sir," Collingwood suggested.
Emily immediately turned to Collingwood and glared at him with a combination of shock and outrage.
"Joking!" he responded, holding his hands up in mock defence. "Although... perhaps it's not such a stupid idea? You certainly seem to be having some self-control issues, and those would help to that end."
Emily's mouth opened and closed a few times as she tried to find words. At the same time, the dark part of her got a little weak at the idea of being forced to wear boxing gloves or hand cuffs in public, and she felt herself slipping once again towards losing control. Perhaps thankfully, Collingwood continued before either of those things eventuated.
"Anyway, 'Come', 7GQA9E. I have something for you in the lab," he commanded.
Emily clip-clopped in her heels along behind him on the journey as the 'Come' command required, all the while wondering why he had used it in the circumstances. It was unlikely that he would want to have sex with her, but then it wasn't out of the question either. She also feared what he may have for her in his lab. She hoped he didn't have boxing gloves or hand cuffs now that the idea was in his head, or that he hadn't planned for it all along, but Dark Emily also felt thrilled that the idea might become reality. Her dam nipples were still fully at attention as well, obscenely pointing her direction as she walked. The 'Come' command required that she keep her hands behind her back, which accentuated the effect as well. Perhaps that was the reason why he had done it? Or perhaps he just wanted to make her feel like a trained pet to help light up her dark side as a treat?
"At ease, Envoy," Collingwood instructed when they at last arrived. "I have something for you that I'm sure you're going to love."
Emily felt it was unlikely to be something that she would even like, let alone love. It would almost certainly be something that he thought might trigger her masochism kink. She was in two minds about that. Part of her wanted to let go and enjoy her dark side with complete abandon. She imagined herself scoffing at people who would criticise her for it. 'If you've got a problem with me, it's your problem, not mine,' she visualised herself saying as she openly and unashamedly indulged it. The other side wanted to retain her dignity and professionalism as her position as Envoy entailed. Ironically, it was resisting it that brought about the strongest feelings, so she was forever caught between the two extremes.
"Okay, what is it, Rod?" she asked, her curiosity piqued, despite her mounting dread at what it might be.
He reached into a small bag and pulled out a handful of dark coloured fabric, which he then shook out in her view. Her eyes immediately widened as she realised what it was.
"Stockings? Are you serious, Rod? Surely those are illegal here. I'll never get away with it."
"Nonsense!" he scoffed. "I've seen plenty of women wearing just as much in the winter months. This won't get you in trouble. These are fishnets as well, so they hardly cover anything anyway."
"It's not winter, though. I'll stick out like a sore thumb!"
"Yep, that's the idea," he smirked. "Think of the humiliation value. You'll turn heads everywhere."
"I'm not sure about this, Rod. It's not your butt cheeks on the line if I get arrested."
Emily rubbed her buttocks at the memory of being caned when she first arrived on this world and was arrested for the crime of being clothed.
"Hogwash, it won't come to that, I can assure you," he smiled. "If it does, those nipples give you the perfect excuse. Just say you're cold."
Emily started to soften to the idea as the tingling throughout her body began to heighten.
"Um... Maybe..."
"I have more presents here for you too," he continued. "I have a garter belt and matching gloves that I'm sure you're going to love."
"What the fuck? No way!"
"Yes way. As your handler, I must insist. I've been bursting with excitement to see you in these ever since I smuggled them on board the ship."
"Fuck! Fine, give them here then."
Emily was only feigning anger at this point. Her dark side had fully taken over and her heart was now racing. The idea of wearing the lingerie in public with her pussy and breasts still exposed had truly triggered her kink. There would be no hiding or blending in. No one had ever seen such items here so the requests for her to 'Present' and obey other commands were likely to go through the roof. This would be living her fantasy version of this place.
She started out by donning the lacy black garter belt, and then pulled the stockings on and snapped them into place. Already she could feel the need to masturbate becoming unbearable again. She then pulled the gloves on, noticing they were fingerless and stretched to her elbows. Finally, she slipped her heels back on and stood up. A coldness washed over her face, and she bit her lower lip. If being naked in public took some getting used to, this was a whole other level. Her vulva was framed by the fabric, which would mean that eyes would immediately be drawn to the area. This wasn't just nudity. This was sex on display, and she was open for business.
"I need fucking, Rod."
"Not yet. Show it off for me first," Collingwood requested, his eyes shining as he took in Emily's beauty afresh. "Take a walk up and down and then show me the "Present" and "Sit" positions.
Emily did as he requested but could take it no more as she squatted into the "Sit" position with her legs open and her hands behind her neck. A hand almost immediately broke position and went to her sopping pussy. She orgasmed instantly, and ended up sprawled on the floor, pumping vigorously during the throes of climax. Finally, she slumped and retired her hand from its work.
"Yes, well, we're going to have to do something about that," Collingwood frowned as Emily looked up at him in dismay at what she had just done in front of him for the second time that day. "As delighted as I am to witness it, our hosts are unlikely to be of the same opinion."
"I-I can't help it, Rod. I'm just so fucking horny today," she wailed. "These stockings aren't helping either, and I haven't even gone outside yet!"
"My fears exactly. It appears you have no impulse control. Have no fear, I have a solution in mind. Wait here," he grinned before turning to leave the room.
"Wait, you're not going to get handcuffs, are you?"
"It's for your own good, 7GQA9E."
"No, you're not serious! No way, Rod."
"Wait here, 7GQA9E. I'll be back post haste."
And with that he was gone, leaving Emily almost trembling in both fear and excitement at the prospect of wearing the lingerie and walking around with her hands cuffed behind her back in public.
Some ten minutes later, her fears were realised as Collingwood returned, dangling the cuffs with a teasing smile. He then had her turn around while he locked them around her wrists. The effect was instantly overwhelming. She could not use her hands to cover herself in any way. Her breasts, with the ridiculously hard nipples, were thrust forward. Eyes would be drawn to them as surely as they would be to her lingerie-framed pubic area. More than that, the ability to touch herself had been removed, which only served to want to touch herself even more. She was caught in a loop where everything about her current predicament increased her arousal, but there was no possibility of relief, which increased her arousal further.
"Oh, am I interrupting something? Sorry, I'll come back later."
Collingwood and Emily looked to the door to see Madison standing there, looking a little red in the face.
"Nonsense, come right in," Collingwood answered before Emily could even think of something to say to explain the situation. "What brings you to the lab, 4D9Y2Y?"
"I was heading downtown and wanted to see if Em wanted to join me," Madison explained, still feeling awkward that she had walked in on something private.
"Wonderful! That sounds like the perfect opportunity for 7GQA9E to try out her new outfit," Collingwood beamed. "What do you think of it?"
"Fuck me, it's been ages since I last saw stockings like that. Looks kind of hot," Madison praised. "What's the deal with the cuffs, though? Looks to me like you're up to something kinky here."
"They're part of 7GQA9E's new outfit as well," he explained. "It seems our girl has become somewhat of a chronic masturbator of late, so these are there to help her."
"Okay..." Madison answered dubiously. "Did she consent to this, or are you up to your old tricks, cabrón?"
"No, it's all her idea," Collingwood lied. "She knew she had a problem and asked me to help with it. Tell her, 7GQA9E."
"I-I... It's true," Emily reluctantly agreed, hanging her head in shame.
"Tell her why," Collingwood urged. "Tell her what happened in the General's office earlier, and just now in front of me."
"I-I... I can't control myself," Emily shamefully admitted, her eyes still fixed on the floor at her feet. "Just like what happened earlier today in the showers, I need to cum so bad that I totally lose it, and I don't even know I'm doing it until afterwards."
"And you reckon the solution is to cuff your hands behind your back?" Madison gasped.
"Well, it's working so far," Collingwood answered, waving towards Emily as proof. "We haven't had a repeat incident since we fixed them onto her."
"You sure this is what you want, Em?" Madison asked after considering it for a moment. "How are you gonna shower or use a Vidlink, and a million other things you gotta do, with your hands trussed up behind you?"
"Yes, that could be an issue. There is a spare key for the cuffs. If you would like to share her handler duties, I can offer you one?" Collingwood suggested. "You could then uncuff her as needs dictate. I must caution you, though. You will need to keep a close watch on her when she is unrestrained. It only takes a moment for her to get up to mischief again, and it seems she has little regard for anyone watching. She really has been behaving rather dreadfully."
"Okay... while I reckon she should have just stayed in bed until whatever this is passes, I'll play along if this's truly what she wants," Madison nodded slowly. "I just have my doubts that this is the right solution. It seems a bit cruel to stop someone from getting off when they really need to. Plus, there's the practical issue of having to continually take them off and on again so she can do normal stuff. What about when she goes to bed? She can hardly sleep with her hands behind her back."
"Yes, you are correct. That is a problem," Collingwood agreed as he stroked his chin while looking at Emily's forlorn figure standing silently in front of him. Finally, he sat up with a finger in the air. "I have an idea. If we add a secondary collar - a thinnish stainless-steel hoop that can be locked in place below her regulation collar, with short chains welded to it and cuffs on the ends... That way she could have her hands in front of her for greater comfort when sleeping, or for performing other mundane tasks, but she would be unable to reach her nether regions to defile herself. That way she could stay restrained more or less permanently."
"She'd look like a T-Rex, cabrón," Madison gasped.
"It'd work, though, right?" he grinned.
"Yeah, I suppose it would," Madison considered. "Still seems cruel, though. Waddya reckon, Em? Is this what you want?"
Emily silently nodded her assent while continuing her downward gaze. The idea of Collingwood's proposal was sending her masochism off the charts. Walking around in public with her hands secured was almost too much to bear. Everyone would know the reason for them would be because she had no self-control, or because she was a troublemaker being punished. They would also effectively prevent her from getting relief for her arousal, which would be compounded by the very situation. She wanted to masturbate again right then and there. It was only the cuffs that prevented it. Even so, she squirmed in an attempt to find a way to reach her aching vagina from behind. Collingwood noticed.
"You see," he exclaimed to Madison while waving towards Emily. "Yes, keeping those naughty little mitts up as high as possible is going to be necessary, it seems."
"You gotta let her get some relief sometimes," Madison scowled.
"She will still be coupled with plenty," Collingwood assured her. "Once the general population gets a glimpse of these stockings on our girl, I'm sure she will be very popular. That should be enough for her. If not, perhaps we can allow some supervised alone-time out of the public eye? Perhaps a little reward for good behaviour?"
"Okay, fine," Madison agreed. "It seems she's not objecting to it, so let's run with it."
"Excellent!" Collingwood applauded. "However, it occurs to me that some of the commands will not be possible with the collar combination, but they would be with the current cuffs behind her back, and vice-versa... hmm..."
"Well, someone with a key just has to be with her so she can be unlocked as needed," Madison suggested.
"That will have to do for now, I guess, 4D9Y2Y," Collingwood considered. "Very well, I shall see about designing the new restraints while you are gone. Then I shall give you a copy of the key with a clip so you can secure it to a bracelet or on your collar as preferred. We shall share handler duties from thereon so that one of us is always supervising 7GQA9E."
"Looks like this is happening, Em. You're sure this is what you want?" Madison asked Emily. "I know we discussed that you didn't really want me filling this kind of role in your life?"
"It's fine, Mads. I don't think I've got much choice about it anyway," she answered truthfully, knowing that Madison would interpret it as an acknowledgment that she could not control herself any other way, while in actuality it was more that Collingwood wanted it and the idea of it was blowing her mind.
"Would you mind taking 7GQA9E on your outing then, in your first official role as her secondary handler?" Collingwood asked Madison.
"What, in those handcuffs?" Madison asked for clarification. "I'm gonna need a spare key then."
"Certainly, here you go," he answered while handing Madison one of the keys. "This will have to suffice temporarily, but while you are out, I will see about constructing the collar and cuff design for a more permanent solution. I should have something within a few hours."
As Emily and Madison left the lab, Emily briefly remembered the IUD, and that she had meant to bring the subject up with Collingwood again. There was no urgency, though, with the birth control implant in place, so it could wait for another time.
"I'm not totally comfortable with this, Em," Madison stated as they proceeded towards the motor pool. "Let me at least take the cuffs off so you can move. If I'm gonna be your handler, at least let me be a caring one."
"Oh God, Madison. My head is literally spinning. Yes, okay. You may be right. It's all a bit much and I may pass out otherwise."
"You're seriously tripping, aren't you? I've never seen you quite like this, Em. You really do have one hell of a kink. Okay, turn around then so I can let you loose."
Moments later, Emily's hands were free once again. She rubbed her wrists and vowed to herself that she would not use the opportunity to masturbate, no matter what happened for the remainder of the day.
Once they arrived downtown, that vow was becoming more and more difficult to live up to. With fishnet stockings covering her legs and arms, everywhere Emily went, people stopped and stared. She was completely aware of it, and it made her arousal grow stronger and stronger. Numerous requests came for her to 'Present', 'Sit' and 'Display', but no one coupled with her. The frustration was driving Emily insane. Just one touch! That was all she would need, but that touch never came.
When a moment arose when Madison was distracted while talking to a shopkeeper, she couldn't hold it back any longer. She seized the opportunity to drop to her knees and masturbate, convulsing in orgasm the second her fingers contacted her clitoris. She didn't care who was watching or how much noise she made in the process. She just wanted relief at any cost.
"7GQ, no!" Madison cried out as she emerged from the shop and saw what Emily was doing. Her eyes glanced about nervously to see who had witnessed the spectacle as she rushed forward to pick Emily up off the ground. "C'mon, up you get. We need to get you out of here and back home, safe and sound."
It was too late. Two policemen abruptly appeared, seemingly out of nowhere.
"Well, well, well, what do we have here?" one asked, in the tradition of policemen everywhere who knew very well what they were looking at but still couldn't believe their eyes just the same.
"My apologies, officers. My friend is unwell, and I need to get her home," Madison explained.
"From the appearance of her nips and the coverings on her body, it would appear she is cold," the other officer remarked. "Nevertheless, such coverings are not permitted in the summer months. She will have to come with us to the station and answer to the rattan."
"Nooo..." Emily gasped, her eyes widening in terror as she looked up at the officers towering above her.
"She is a diplomat, officers, as you can see from the insignia on her collar," Madison argued. "This is a military matter. If you don't believe me, you can call General McAllister at the base."
"We will do just that," the first officer decided, smiling smugly in the assumption that Madison was lying, so he was going to call her bluff.
Moments later, they could hear the General's voice over the cop's Portavid.
"What is it, officer?...7GQA9E?...Yes, she is a diplomat... Wearing coverings? That does not sound right... A public display of unwomanly behaviour? Yes, that does sound like her... Nevertheless, kindly return her to the base and I will deal with her here. Thank you, officer."
As he spoke, reality had sharply returned to Emily's mind, and she began to tremble at the idea of being caned if the officers did not accept the General's request to return her to the base. She had no desire to experience that again. Now standing with her hands meekly at her sides, her eyes were fixed firmly on the officer and what she could pick up from the conversation he was having with the General.
Finally, he hung up the Portavid and then stared at it for a moment in thought before coming to a decision. He looked up at Emily.
"7GQA9E, you are under arrest for the crime of wearing coverings. It is irrelevant that you are a diplomat. You are not on the military base, so this is a civil matter. Your conduct was unbecoming for a woman as well, and that too must be answered for."
"Wait a minute, bucko," Madison interrupted. "Do you really want to spark an international incident? Also, show me where it says that women can't wear winter coverings when it's not winter. I think you'll find there's no such law. Plus, as you said yourself, look at her nips. She's obviously cold."
"It is known that women only wear such coverings in winter," the officer reasoned.
"Yeah, but it's not a law, is it?" Madison countered. "If she feels cold, she can wear stuff like this, and you can't stop her."
"She is correct, officers," a woman intervened as she stepped forward from the crowd of people who had stopped to watch the proceedings. "These coverings are perfectly legal, and intriguing. The band about her waist is very interesting, and I love how it attaches to the hosiery and frames her sex and rear coupling area. The fabric is fascinating as well. I have never seen such a thing. The effect is very beautiful, and I would like to speak with 7GQA9E further about it. You may be on your way."
The woman was middle-aged, but statuesque and attractive. She had an elegance about her, along with a self-assuredness that only came from those who were exceedingly wealthy. Emily's eyes were immediately drawn to her shoes. They were unusually exquisite, especially on this world where standard black pumps were pretty much every woman's go-to. She also wore a particularly splendid collar studded with diamonds, with matching earrings dangling from her ears.
"Oh, sorry, X2D9GI. I did not see you there," the officer responded apologetically. "Very well, we shall leave this matter in your hands. 4D9Y2Y, I suggest you return 7GQA9E to the base as soon as possible."
"Will do, guys," Madison agreed.
"Thank you, officers," the woman identified as X2D9GI added, dismissing the officers with a wave, at which they promptly departed.
"I don't believe I've had the pleasure," Madison greeted, marvelling at the ease at which she'd dealt with the police officers. "How did you get them to leave like that?"
"I am X2D9GI. I am bonded with Dion Fèvre," the woman smiled.
"The fashion designer?" Emily asked, finally able to speak, the relief at not being about to be caned anymore playing no small part.
"The very one," X2D9GIconfirmed. "Until now, his forte has been mostly men's fashion, with only shoes and some winter hosiery for women. We have long wondered if there could be other opportunities for women's fashion. What you are wearing could well be what we have been looking for. It is very becoming, yet it does not cover anything that should not be covered by law. Rather, it accentuates a woman's beauty. Is it your own design or another's?"
"No, no, you're welcome to copy it," Emily offered, smiling at the idea that she could have designed or even sewed such a thing.
"May I examine it closer?" the woman asked.
"Sure," Emily replied, stepping forward to allow the woman to stretch and hold the material in her hands.
"Interesting... it appears to be a synthetic polymer in a diamond stitch," she remarked. "I have not seen such a thing, but I am sure we can replicate it. Where did you procure these garments, may I ask?"
Emily felt certain that parallel worlds were no longer in the top-secret category on this world. However, she decided it was better to avoid a lengthy conversation explaining the intricacies of her origin.
"They were a scientific experiment by the military," she came up with. "This particular design was a prototype that never went any further. You're welcome to copy it. I'm sure there are no intellectual property rights surrounding it."
"The military would not be a problem anyway," the woman casually replied before glancing up at the remaining onlookers and gesturing to a man she picked out. "Sir, may I borrow your Portavid for a moment?"
He eagerly stepped up and handed X2D9GI his mobile device, which she accepted before turning back to Emily.
"7GQA9E, can you kindly 'Present' for me?" she asked.
Emily immediately adopted the position and held it while the woman took several photos from all sides, including several close-ups of the fabric itself.
"Now, please 'Sit'," the woman requested.
Again, Emily dropped into the position, wondering what she would have done if she was still cuffed at that moment since she would not be able to place her hands behind her neck as the position required. She assumed she would just have to keep them behind her back in that event, and hope that whoever gave the command would be satisfied with that, or that the cuffs wouldn't be a problem in themselves or would require an explanation. She thought of Collingwood's planned collar and cuff idea which she would have to face soon. It seemed that he planned on keeping her hands bound in one way or another for the foreseeable future, so she would have to plan an excuse for those who asked. A combination of dread and excitement washed over her at the thought.
"Thank you, 7GQA9E. You may go about your business," the woman instructed as she tapped at the Portavid's screen to send the images she had just captured to her private Vidlink.
"Can 7GQA9E assume 'Face Down'?" the Portavid owner asked. "I am very aroused by her most interesting coverings, and I would like to couple with her."
While the 'Face Down' position always brought back unpleasant memories of the first time she experienced it, she dropped into it obediently, with Dark Emily relishing the moment with so many onlookers present. What she didn't expect was to instantly orgasm the moment the man's penis entered her. Just like the other orgasms she had experience recently; it was powerful and caused her to moan out loud as her body bucked to his rhythmic fucking. She felt the man's hands gripping her hips in an effort to hold her still as he came, his spurts causing further waves of pleasure to course through her. Finally, he zipped back up and rose to a standing position.
"That was easily the most wonderful coupling I have ever experienced!" he beamed. "I have never had a woman behave in such a manner. You are a most excellent coupler. Thank you, 7GQA9E!"
"Thank you, kind sir," Emily responded as she looked around at the spectators, hopeful that there would be some other takers. Sadly, there were none, but she was asked to adopt the 'Present', 'Sit' and 'Display' positions for several men before she and Madison were at last able to depart.
"Damn, girl, I gotta get me some of those threads," Madison commented as they returned to the car. "How's the wanking situation now? Settled down? I see your nips are still sticking out like spark plugs."
"I'm kind of feeling okay right now, but the urge is still there," Emily truthfully admitted.
"Do you need or want me to cuff you again?"
"Um... that might trigger me again, but then Collingwood will probably be expecting me to be still wearing them. I guess we better put them on again for his sake."
"Okay, you better turn around then," Madison instructed as she fetched the cuffs from the glove compartment in the car. "I still feel a bit uneasy doing this to you. Are you sure you're into it?"
"Um... yeah, it's ticking all the right boxes," Emily confessed as she felt her heart rate increase as Madison locked the cuffs into place. "Plus, he's right that it stops me disgracing myself. If I can't reach my cunny, then it doesn't matter how much the urge strikes me."
"That seems kind of cruel, though," Madison frowned.
"Maybe, but I kind of like that too," Emily sheepishly grinned.
"You're terrible, Em," Madison laughed. "Okay, I guess I can get on board with this then. If you're getting off on it, then it's all good with me. You've got yourself a second handler now. I'll try to be mean to you, but if ever you're not comfortable, then just tell me, okay?"
"Thanks, babe," Emily smiled.
It was awkward riding along in the car with her hands behind her back. Emily couldn't help but wonder if Collingwood would have his new cuff design ready on their return to the base. She felt a sense of anticipation about wearing it. The dark part of her relished the idea of having to go about with her hands constantly chained. People would look at her and know that she was under someone else's power, or a girl who couldn't control her urges and had to be restrained, or maybe they would assume she was prone to violence and had to be muzzled like a dog?
The sensible career woman, the one she was before she had ever set foot on this version of Earth, was completely appalled at the idea for all the same reasons. She would be an object of ridicule. As if being naked constantly wasn't enough already! Now she had to be prevented from masturbating as well! What about the practicalities of wearing cuffs full time? How would she scratch an itch beyond her reach? Change a tampon? Use a computer keyboard? Exercise? A keyholder would need to be on hand almost constantly...
Collingwood did indeed have the device ready when the girls arrived back in the lab.
"Turn around, 7GQA9E," he instructed as he fixed a metal hoop around her neck, just below her existing collar. It had two short lengths of chain attached to it, leading to cuffs at the end. As he removed the cuffs from behind her back and resecured her hands in the new cuffs in front of her, a coldness washed over her once again as she realised that her range of movement extended to just below her breasts but no further. She was a captive, and there was no way she could get relief from the arousal that the sensation was triggering. Even hunched over in a seated position, she would not be able to reach her genitals.
The sensible part of her considered her day to day living. To pick up a cup of coffee would mean leaning forward and gripping it with both hands, but from there she could easily reach her lips. She could also place her hands behind her neck to adopt the 'Sit" position, but other positions like 'Display' and 'Present' would be impossible since they required her to put her hands behind her back. She said as much to Collingwood.
"What if someone asks me to 'Present' or 'Display', and one of you isn't around to unlock me?" she asked as she tested the chains to see how far her reach extended. "There's no way I can get my hands behind my back wearing these."
"We shall just have to adapt," Collingwood shrugged, before once again raising a finger in the air. "I have it! Your version of the commands will just have to be a little different to everyone else's. The reasons why will be obvious to any that ask so I can't see it being a problem. I suggest you place your hands behind your neck for any commands that require them behind your back. In many ways, this is more beautiful anyway. For 'Display', you will just have to adopt a wider stance and arch your back further."
"How am I going to explain these chains, though? Even if they accept the variations in the commands, people are still going to ask questions!" Emily protested.
"Just tell the truth that you can't control yourself," Collingwood reasoned. "I know you'll love the humiliation that will trigger in you anyway. Oh look, here's a test subject now."
Emily glanced up at the glass panels that lined the internal walls of the lab to see the General walking by in the corridor outside. He immediately entered after a brief double take as he spotted Emily's stockings and her cuffs and chains.
"What seems to be going on here?" he asked. "I had assumed that your mention of restraints for 7GQA9E were said in jest earlier, Chief Engineer?"
"7GQA9E?" Collingwood prompted.
"Um... ah... sir," Emily awkwardly began. "Um... there were more... um... incidents... This seems to be the only solution..."
"I see..." the General responded as he considered it. "Yes, I am aware of the incident in the city earlier."
"Oh, I hadn't heard about that one. Did you uncuff her, 4D9Y2Y?" Collingwood addressed Madison, waving his finger accusingly. "I warned you that you would need to watch her closely in that event."
"It was only for a second," Madison protested.
"Yes well, that's all it takes, as I'm sure now you fully appreciate," Collingwood frowned before turning back to the General. "There was also a repeat of the incident straight after the one in your office this morning, right here in front of me in the lab. It seems she is not able to confine her outbursts to somewhere private after all."
"And also, in the showers this morning," Madison contributed, hoping that the confession was what Emily wanted.
"This is all very concerning," the General acknowledged before waving at Emily's stockings. "The constable who called me also remarked on these unusual winter coverings, which I assume were accepted since she is still wearing them?"
"Do you like them, sir?" Collingwood asked. "I bought them from our home world. They are regarded there as arousing for a man to see in order to put him in a mood for coupling."
"I must admit, they do indeed have a certain appeal," the General nodded approvingly. "Perhaps they can help 7GQA9E receive more frequent couplings, so she does not feel the need to self-pleasure in public?"
"Oh, I doubt that would be enough to make the problem go away completely, sir," Collingwood argued. "You saw her in your office. Both you and I were present, and we could have coupled with her, yet she chose to manually stimulate herself in spite of our presence."
"Yes, it seems 7GQA9E does indeed have a self-control problem," the General conceded, "and these restraints will prevent these incidents?"
"Obviously, if her naughty little mitts cannot reach her naughty little lady parts, then we have a solution," Collingwood mocked, waving his hand towards Emily's helpless figure.
"But how will she 'Present' with her hands bound in front of her?"
"Show him, 7GQA9E," Collingwood instructed.
Emily went into the 'Present' position with the exception of placing her hands behind her neck instead of behind her back. She noted an internal struggle in doing so. It felt unnatural. Wrong. She had been following the commands for so long now that it had become second nature. This deviation from it didn't come naturally.
"This is not regulation!" the General objected. "Her hands should be behind her back, not up there like in the 'Sit' command!"
"You'll agree it's rather becoming, though, sir?" Collingwood countered. "Her breasts are uplifted in a pleasing manner, which we do not normally get to witness in this command."
"I do not disagree, Chief Engineer, particularly with her nubbins in such a state..." the General mused as he looked approvingly at Emily's breasts jutting out in front of her.
"Even if you didn't entirely agree," Collingwood continued, "I think it is a reasonable compromise in the circumstances, if we are to help 7GQA9E with her impulse control."
"Yes, there is that to consider. Better this than to have her bring disgrace upon us in public again. Very well, I approve," the General nodded. "7GQA9E, do you also approve of being restrained in this manner?"
"Um... I do, sir. It seems I have little choice about it," Emily answered, knowing that Collingwood would insist on it whether she approved of it or not. She also could not deny that it did indeed solve the problem of losing control again. If she couldn't reach her genitals, then it was impossible to masturbate, no matter how much she wanted to. Dark Emily was definitely enjoying the humiliation of it immensely. The sensation of being bound, unable to cover herself, unable to get relief, and having to explain the restraints and why they were necessary, was ticking all of the right boxes.
"I still reckon you look like a T-Rex with your arms hitched up out in front of you like that," Madison mused.
That didn't lighten the mood or ease Emily's arousal at all. A prickly sensation washed over her, putting her deeper into her sub-zone as she realised that she would look completely ridiculous to anyone who saw her. She wanted desperately to masturbate at that, but ironically, the very restraints that were triggering the sensation were also preventing it.
It was impossible not to be conscious of the chains as she left the lab with Madison beside her. The sane part of her felt foolish, and was outraged by it, but her kink side relished it. Her eyes remained fixed downwards, focussed on each step. She tested the cuffs repeatedly, scarcely believing it was real.
Many of the other women stared as she awkwardly ate her dinner in the mess hall. Others smirked knowingly. Elizabeth bit her lip in desire, recalling what Emily had said about chains and kink, and knowing that she would definitely need 'assistance with her depilations' the next day if the chains were to become a permanent addition. Emily looked up and caught the lip-bite, instantly realising what was on Elizabeth's mind. Inwardly, the old Emily groaned at the realisation. Dark Emily, however, drooled in anticipation.
Once in her bunk and the curtains around it drawn, she wondered what the most comfortable position would be to sleep in. The choices were on her side and let her arms rest against the extent of the chains, or on her back with her palms crossed on her chest. A more pressing matter, though, was the need to orgasm. The rail at the foot of her bed was about the right height. One touch would be all it would take...
Standing up and pressing her aching slit against it, she discovered she was right.