(Overheard, young woman on a cell phone at Haulover Beach:)
"Hey Sweetie, it's me. Can you talk? OK, good. You'll never guess where I am!
"Good guesses, but I'm at the beach! Well, I told you you should have flown down here to meet me for the weekend. Here it is Saturday in the middle of my two-week training workshop, we're off today and tomorrow, and so here I am at the beach!
"Well, since you chose to stay up north and golf with your buddies, I'm here alone, just enjoying the sun and water.
"What beach? It's called Haulover Beach, and it's not far from where the training is. I took the bus from downtown, and it drops you off right near the lifeguard tower. And can you guess what I'm wearing?
"That new bikini? Well, I wore it on the bus but I'm not wearing it now. You know how you're always trying to get me to go to that clothing-optional beach at Sandy Hook, so you can show me off naked? And we tried it once and you spent the whole afternoon trying to get me to take off my bottoms? Well, here I am on Haulover Beach, no top, no bottom!
"Yes, really! Are there people here seeing me? Yes, it's exciting! They're seeing me naked. I told you you should have flown down here. You'd be seeing me being naked right now, in front of all these people!
"Are they looking at me? Yes, of course! But right now I'm lying on my stomach, so they can't see much.
"You want to stay on my stomach? Why? So they can't see a lot? Why, you jealous man! So it's OK if they see my butt?
"How come at Sandy Hook you wanted me to take everything off and walk around? I think that was just so you could watch me parading around. That would have been more for you than for me, and that's why I didn't do it.
"Silly man! You're jealous. Well, now you can just go golfing with the guys, and imagine me lying here naked!
"I think I'll turn over and get some sun on my front.
"What do you mean 'don't do that'? You want me to not show my front? Why not? Hey, there's a couple of guys setting their towels down right near me. They were already standing there looking at me moving my legs apart while I was on my stomach. I wonder what they were seeing?
"You really think they're looking between my legs? Imagine that! But what would they see? I mean, my front is pushed down against the towel, so all they can see besides my butt would be the underside of my pussy and maybe my butthole, as I move my legs apart.
"Oh, you don't like them seeing that? You are soooo jealous. Or protective? Then why aren't you here? You could have flown down. OK, just for you, I'll close my legs. Well, they're sitting down anyway. Maybe they're hoping I'll turn over. They're pretending to look away, but I can see them sneaking peeks in my direction. They're only about ten feet away.
"No, I'm not going to relocate away from them. In fact, I really want to flip over now, got to get some sun on my front.
"Hold on, while I set the phone down a minute. And yes, I am going to turn over.
"There, that's better. You still there? Good. Now I'm lying on my back, but with my legs together. They can't see a thing!
Well, I guess they can see my tits. But there's nothing to see 'down there' because, you know how you're always trying to get me to shave my pussy? Well, I finally shaved it last night, so now there's not even any hair for them to see, so sweetie just settle down. As long as I keep my legs closed, they can't see anything, it's just a smooth mound. Oh, and yes, the tits.
"No, I'm not afraid they'll get sunburned. I'm rubbing lots of sunblock on them right now. Wow—the guys are watching, especially when I do the nipples. A few more guys, in fact, all of a sudden they seem to have a lot of new friends! They're all setting up their beach chairs around me. Maybe they're here to protect me, like you should be doing.
"Yes, you could fly down here tonight and go back tomorrow night, but it's supposed to rain Sunday so it won't be a good beach day. But hey, you could still come see me anyway. There are some nice museums we could go see.
"Oh, you're only interested if we go to the beach? Okay, then, go golfing. Anyway, my legs are getting stiff from holding them together, so now I'm going to let them just relax. Wow! The guys are all looking now.
"What are they looking at? What do you think? So now, besides the smooth mound, they can see the slit in the middle. It's what you wanted me to show off at Sandy Hook, so here it is now. But the slit is closed, so don't worry. A guy is offering me a beer —Thank you!— Now I have to sit up to drink it, and that means I've got to let my knees fall to the sides. Now the slit is open. They must like the way it looks. Maybe you were right, the guys at Sandy Hook would have liked this.
"Yes, I really did shave, and it really is smooth down there. These guys are wondering who I'm talking to—Talking to my husband, no he's not on his way here—.
"Yes, they're looking right at my pussy, and yes, I've got my legs apart. And yes, my slit is open, I already told you that. I think it's nice that they're looking. This is what you wanted guys to see at Sandy Hook, so I know you must approve. But this is even better, because I'm bare. They get to see more this way.
"No, I'm not touching myself, except for rubbing some sunblock there. I'm really glad I shaved; with hair it would be really messy but this is nice and smooth. I've got to put the phone down for a sec so I can use both hands to rub this cream on. Got to make sure I get the insides, -You guys don't mind; I don't want to get a sunburn down there, of all places!-.
"Okay sweetie, I'm back. Getting hungry. I'm going to walk over to the food stand and get something to eat.
"Yes, sweetie, that does mean I'll be walking naked across the sand, and people will see me from all angles—tits, bare pussy, butt, all of me! No, I'm not going to cover up, I'm just going to walk over there naked, stand in line naked, order, get my stuff, and walk back naked. Isn't this what you wanted?
"What do you mean it's not the same? Just because you're not here I can't go naked? Then you'd better get down here soon.
"Oh, hey, one of the guys here heard me talking about food, and he offered me a sandwich—Thank you!— and another beer. So sweetie you're saved—I don't need to walk over to the food stand, and you don't have to imagine me walking around with everyone staring at my naked body. Hold on a minute sweetie, they're offering me a chair. -Thanks!-
"Now I'm back on the phone. This is a really comfy beach chair. Now the guys are mostly gathering around in front of me, drinking their beers and eating their sandwiches, but mostly commenting on how comfortable this chair must be, especially the armrests for holding my legs apart.
"You say you found a Miami flight that can get you here by six? Well, the sun goes down at seven, so go for it if you want. Oh, you're already heading to the airport? How sweet! Okay, call me when you board your flight. Love ya!