PAIGE TURNER Ep. 18: BAUMshell
_________________________________
"Look at all of the cherry blossom trees. Oh, my gosh, Mister Frank. This park is beautiful. I didn't even know it existed. Me so sheltered." Paige Turner danced about in awe as she and her date the much older Frank Martinbaum walked through the pristinely cut grass of Oz Park in Chicago, Illinois. This park got its name as a scenic tribute to the characters in the Wizard of Oz. A magical place indeed.
"I'm glad you appreciate this special place. You might not connect the dots being so young, but I share the name of the author behind the Wizard of Oz series. His name was L. Frank Baum. My mother was enamored by the series and the movie adaptation. So much so that with our last name sharing the Baum moniker she christened me Frank as a tribute." Paige absorbed his pride with giddy interest. "The Tinman statue is over here. Cowardly Lion back there. Dorothy beyond those playgrounds. Scarecrow is somewhere beyond the playground area."
"I hope there's no Wicked Witchypoo. She scares me, Mister Frank. I don't want to be turned into a flying monkey."
Circling him in step with her pajama top totally unbuttoned and full frontal exposed, her bouncy titties were the highlight of their adventure thus far. Amazingly, the park had very few visitors today. For the month of May it was almost lifeless. Good for the two of them at least. Frank wanted his adopted little girl naked and giddy. His newfound adoration of this spunky little redhead in pigtails had consumed him since running across her video profile on Tender. Her soft shy voice was over the top and mesmerizing, as if she were actually ten years old. Her continued communications with him escalated to reveal a very sensual side in her tone. Foregoing her once shy nature, Paige's boldness was now unbelievably erotic. She bordered on magnificent.
Even in Hello Kitty pajamas, and fuzzy slippers with gaudy amounts of glitter on them, the mystique drove his cock to full strength. Watching the child holding her stuffed teddy bear only added to that youthful attraction. At eighteen she was often mistaken for fifteen, but in voice much younger still. Although a troubling view to some adults who thought her to be abused at far too young of age, she enjoyed letting people believe what they wanted to. After years of shyness and self-esteem issues she had realized just how wrong she was. Now that she knew guys found her attractive, she had evolved rapidly. Her sexual appetite and desire to tease were growing ravenous by the day. She wanted it all. To tease and to please. Siphoning the reactions of men into fuel to inspire their lust was orgasmic great fun. Paige Turner wanted all men to want her. Kid in a candy store!
Her wish was coming true. On Tender alone, her account had well over 5000 men vying for her affections. She intended to give as many of them the attention they craved as best she could or cry trying.
"Swing me, Mister Frank." She raced to a swing set and climbed aboard to sit upon a braided seat as if Dorothy's pigtails. Swaying back and forth she kicked her slippers off and wiggled her toes in delight.
"There's nobody around at the moment. Why don't you just take those tattered jammies off?" He sat his small duffle bag in the gravel beside her bear, cell, and ID.
"Mister Frank wants to see me nakie?" She feigned a blush with inquisitive eyes. "I think he does."
"YES!" He grew excited, rubbing his palms together. "MOST DEFINITELY YES! HURRY CHILD!"
Slowing her sway on the swing, she removed her top and threw it away. Standing up she wiggles her bottoms down and off, kicking them to the gravel at her feet. Performing a "TADA!" moment arms over her head she shifted her gorgeous hips from side to side.
"Let's just get rid of these shall we?" He picked the discarded clothing up and took them to a trash receptacle a good forty feet away, abandoning them. "I'll buy you a new pair before taking you back home."
"I'll be nakie until you take me home?" She began swinging again, both hands on the chains. Fuzzy Bear on the ground watching her make a fool of herself.
"Let's try our best to see if we can make that happen." He strutted toward her smiling like the Devil himself. Wicked Warlock of the West perhaps!
"Anything for you, Mister Frank. Push me! Push me! Puss me!" That last demand on purpose, she giggled. Making sure her legs were wide so that he could see her adorable clittycat she tried reaching for him with her toes. Luring him behind her she followed his every step, tilting her head back and sharing her amazing eyes with him. The panorama over her stunning body had him so hard his slacks were pointing straight out with eager portrayal.
"Hold on tight, Sweetie Pie." Lying back in her seat head hanging low his crouch inevitably brushed over her face in claiming her chains. Mouth wide she nipped at his inseam and could not stop snickering. "Just how do you expect me to swing you if you are trying to bite me?"
"I want you to want me Mister Frank."
"Have no fear child. I do believe what you are trying to nibble should tell you that."
"Bigger! Bigger!" She went so far as to show her limber side, bringing her outstretched legs upward to curl her ankles about the chains. In doing so her labia parted to share in a gloriously pink tunnel. Eye of the storm! He tickled her feet and had her squealing. From feet to pussy, he could not resist tickling her clitoris in her backwards recline. "Eeeeek!" She chomped her teeth at his hovering erection. Frank lightly patted her wetness then chose to step around her to face her thighs. Holding her ankles in their confinement he took a deep breath and leaned in to kiss that clit. A simple peck she looked up at him smiling brightly.
"Let us be swingers!" He stood tall and brought her body with him as he backed up to build momentum. Launching her higher and higher he observed her giddiness increase into a shrill round of squeals. The bubbly ginger's body was exquisite even seated on a swing. Suspended high he inhaled her scent and pushed forward taking her backwards into the air and running beneath her to let her go. Her short tight legs released the chains, outstretching to reach for open air. Behind her now Frank merely pushed on her back multiple times to keep her flying nicely. Now that her arching body was moving fast, he darted in front of her to watch her shy grin. She intentionally spread her legs wider for him to see her succulent pussy. He could tell it had increased in its saturation.
"I like being naked in the park, Mister Frank."
"I too rather enjoy seeing you this way. Let us hope we don't have prying eyes."
"Like Flying Monkey's?" She cringed looking up at the blue sky. Each time she swung back toward him she tried touching her toes against his protruding manhood. "Banana! Banana!" So cute! "Banana Split!" Her legs flew wider still, she loved showing off her cherry blossom. Playing along with her he posed his index finger outward toward her and with each swoop in his direction he carefully let that finger enter her vulva. "Eeeeee!" Now who sounded like a monkey? "Eeeeeee!" Two fingers that time! "You're so evil, Mister Frank. Monkey business! Monkey business!"
"Your painted toes are exquisite. Ruby red like Dorothy's slippers. Which reminds me, I brought a pair with me to make this fantasy perfect." He let her continue swinging while stepping aside to go after his bag, sniffing his fingertips before unzipping it. "Delectable!" Digging within he actually produced a pair of thin white knee-high stockings and a facsimile pair of Dorothy Gale's ruby slippers. Returning to her she shares his quirky smile with one of her own. "May I?"
"I don't think they will fit your feet, Mister Frank."
"Now who is over the rainbow! You take my breath away." She beamed as he halted her incoming trajectory. Her legs still intentionally wide he captured her hips and felt her cunt collided against his unpeeled banana. The impact made Paige's expression produce a yearning effect. Smiling at her he held her against his erection briefly. "Are you having as much fun as I am child?"
"Monkey bars!" She giggled and stared at his penis tent. "Yes, I love spending time with you Mister Frank."
"Wonderful! Let us attempt this, shall we?" Lifting her left foot, he rolled her sheer white stocking over her toes and guided them upward into a smooth fit of her calves. Right foot reproduced she looked up at him with a sheepish grin. "These shoes once belonged to my mother. I do hope you wearing them does not give you the willies. I knew the day I saw you on video that they might fit you perfectly." Retrieving them from the gravel he took each foot and placed the shoes on. They fit, just not as perfect as he imagined.
"I look like Dorothy now."
"A very appealing Dorothy I might add."
"Can I text my Daddy. I don't want him to worry."
"Absolutely." He assisted her out of the swing and watched her walk in the slippers, clumsily in the gravel but capable. As she bent over to procure her cell from her teddy bear's grasp, she told Fuzzy to watch her ID card. It was so very cute. Her ass and compressed clam, equally as delectable as her tone of voice.
Typing away she told her father Lonnie some good news. "All good Daddy. Having fun at Oz Park." It was followed by the name of the first boy that had her in bed at Drew's party. If not sexually. Hector was typed. Awaiting a reply that came swiftly Lonnie Turner returned with "Check cashed! Have fun. Text in an hour. Love you!"
"Love you more." Ended her text session.
"All done?" Frank smiled, "I see Monkey Bars." He then patted his crotch. She looked around for them unaware of his tease. One that she herself employed only moments ago. Silly girl!
"Where? I wuvs Monkey Bars. Just not flying ones in bellboy hats." She collected Fuzzy and her ID before walking with Frank across the grass hand in hand. He held her close in case his larger body needed to shield her from any unforeseen people. Thus far, he had only caught a glimpse of a distant jogger, and a pair of groundskeepers, likely working off probationary time served. Six young men were picking up trash and pulling weeds to the far end of the park. Luckily there was a large wooden Munchkin village with suspension bridges between them. As long as no children showed up with angry parents they might just get away with this adventure.
"Let me watch your adorable cohort Fuzzy. You go play on the Monkey Bars." She handed him the teddy bear, including cell, and ID. Giddily she skipped away. His dick was rock hard at seeing Dorothy so succulently playful. Frank discovered just how limber Paige was as she weaved in and out of the bars as if a monkey herself. Tangling her legs seductively she played the game.
"Help me Mister Frank. Me tangled up and can't get free." She pouted using her strength to hold her aloft. She had intentionally positioned herself so that her legs were spread wide as if almost pulling her legs behind her head. Frank dropped everything into his bag and rushed to her aid. Appetite aroused he reached beneath her bottom gripping her ass as support, then lowered his mouth into her delicious slit. Tongue wagging over her clit gave her the giggles. That led to moans. "That feels really good, Mister Frank. I surrendered Dorothy just for you."
"Dorothy tastes delicious." He lifted away with a damp chin long enough to acknowledge her jest.
"Like monkey bread?"
He chuckled while devouring her, his tongue wagging up inside her joyous hole, a risky finger teasing her anal canal. Paige Turner squealed. Monkey bread indeed! For the bread he just paid her father for this date he had better get whatever he desired. While a good man at heart Franklin Martinbaum did have his devious moments. Never any child molester mind you but he did indeed like a youthful roleplay. In Paige Turner's case he had both the acting and the delightfully youthful appearance. The more she portrayed a child the more he craved her. If today turned out exactly what his imagination expected he was willing to secure her services time and time again just as he had mentioned. The ginger was exquisite in every way.
With her hands were struggling to hold her weight now, she released one grip at a time to regain circulation. Realizing her awkwardness, he held her aloft more firmly. "Dangle child I have you."
Taking the risk, she let go entirely and allowed Frank to impress her with strength of his own, not once wavering in his feast thereafter. In her dangling Paige squeezed her breasts and teases her nipples, every tender stimulation adding to her pleasure. She loved this as much as Frank did. To be frank, pardon the pun, Paige got off as much as he did in acting as if she were infantile.
"I'm going to cum, Mister Frank." Her body trembled in his grasp. Intensifying his hunger, she cried out letting her juices run freely over his face and down his parched throat. A mad convulsion made her right foot slip from its bar. Nearly a dead weight Frank held on for dear life until she regained her composure enough to assist in clutching the nearest bar as support.
"I can't hold you much longer." His tongue retreated, yet his scalding hot breath exhaled throughout her pink recesses.
"I want you to hold me until you take me home, Mister Frank."
"In a much more reasonable environment I can certainly offer that." He chuckled helping her escape her contorted dilemma. As she eased out of her cage, she leaped down into Frank's awaiting clutches then threw her weakened arms about his neck. Thankfully she didn't weigh a lot or Frank's back might have gone out. At barely over 100 pounds Paige was perfect in that aspect. Staring into his eyes sheepishly she lured him into a warm wet kiss. Her juices tasted yummy from his lips. One hand on her bare bottom, his other on her back he maintained their lustful lip lock, entwined tongues tantalizing one another within. Five long minutes both of them became lost in time before escaping their embrace. She ended their tender moment with a swift peck to his left cheek, then one more on the tip of his nose. The unexpected move left Frank speechless. Not Paige, however.
"Teeter Totter!" She whispered playfully dangling back in his arms.
"Let's." He eased her to the ground making certain her balance was adequate before releasing her on her own. She immediately darted away skipping then actually performed a cartwheel. On the way to the teeter totter, she spotted the Yellow Brick Road in the shape of Hopscotch squares. Jaw dropping, she deviated her trajectory just to utilize it. After gathering their things Frank followed her, looking about for safety reasons. There still didn't seem to be any obstacles at the moment to stress over. Watching her hop through the squares making up her own song was quite amusing. Her chest bobbing about with each leap. "Simply incredible."
"Mister Frank ate me out! His wagging tongue made me shout. Kiss me! Kiss Me! Mister Frank can't resist me." Such a charming tune, "We're going to play all day long. I wanna suck his big ole' dong. Fuck me! Fuck me! Just because! Fuck me! Fuck me! In the Land of Oz."
Clapping at her dramatic endeavor he could not help but laugh. "Well done! You are priceless."
She beguiles him with a shy chin to shoulder gaze, then wiggled her tight little butt. "Chase me, Mister Frank." She bolted away, skipping along toward the teeter totter. Giving chase he felt so very alive. Catching her, he wraps his arms around her upper body and lifted her up off of her ruby slippers into a 360 spin. She squealed with glee. Another kiss from above he let her go.
Turning swiftly around she guided him toward the teeter totter before taking his bag of their personal items and resting them on the ground. From there she helped him in unfastening his pants and lowering they and his briefs to his knees. Sitting him backwards on the teeter totter he stretched out feeling fresh air flow over his mighty eight-inch erection. The chilly stimulation was blocked by her hands that began stroking him with a joint effort. "Peter Potter! Peter Potter!" Paige giggled pecking over the urethra of his crown. In that instant he forgot the entire world around him.
Kneeling between his legs she gracefully sucked his cock. As deep as her throat allowed, she only came up to take a breath and emit a web of built-up saliva. She was remarkable, not worried in the least that her sloppiness in appearance made her a sight. Every so often she relieved her throat of his beast to lick his foreskin and suck upon his ball sack. He adored her every slutty move, that although dirty, offered an innocent expression.
In her zest Frank decided to look up. His eyes immediately locked onto the groundskeepers that had made their way closer. Noticed without realizing it all six men now stood watching them with amazement. The unfortunate side led to cell video recordings. In his favor two of the men were goofily gripping their trouser crotches. He knew they were interested in Paige from behind. Swallowing dryly, he let Paige continue her delectable consumption. Frank would risk this miscalculation in favor of her playtime. As long as no cops were called, he thought.
Trying not to let Paige know of their viewership, fearful that she might panic and run away, he kept her attention on him. "That's right, Dorothy. Suck that broomstick." What a dork!
She giggled, as her eyes danced behind her big amber rimmed glasses, foggy from her breathless frolicking. She aimed to impress her Mister Frank for the money he offered her. It wasn't truly about the cash as much as it was for her experiences. She was beginning to thrive on these dates and their excitement levels. Making men happy was fulfilling. Her spirit soared hearing their praise. She literally couldn't get enough of it. Her true shyness was gone forever. Long live the act. Let it assist her in every way possible.
As Frank Martinbaum lost his mind, a massive load of cum followed. His snarl made her wiggle her ass as if a puppy excited by its master's return. She swallowed every drop before kissing his crown with a loud murmur of "MWAH!" While Frank quaked from his loss the six men behind them applauded with a serenade of whistles. Paige looked up with bulging eyes. A swift glance behind them she spotted the men.
"We can get dressed and go." Frank barely spoke amid heavy breaths.
"Nooooo! We have to have sex in Oz." She pouted. "You stay here Mister Frank. I'll take care of this."
"Wait! What? Where are you going?" He reached to pull his pants up, now that her body wasn't obstructing their view of his beast.
"To shoo away the flying chunky monkeys."
"Good lord, Child!" He observed her skipping toward the six men. They had gone from ranting juveniles to awaiting pansies. Seeing her up close, shyness struck all six suddenly as they each concluded the same worry.
Reaching them Paige stood with her hands held behind her back, offering a shy expression. Baby like in demeanor she captured their attention in more ways than one. "Are you flying monkeys? I'm Dorothy from Kansas." Clicking her slippers three times was thrilling.
A chosen leader amongst the six shook his head. "Is that old guy a pedophile? You look fifteen."
"Eighteen! Seventeen a month ago. No, that man is the great and Powerful Oz. He's going to take me home later."
"Hot air balloon ride?" Another man snickered.
"Do they make condoms that blow up that big?" Jested another.
"I sure hope so." She whispered playfully. "He's really big behind that curtain."
"You're fucking hot as hell. Even in the binocular glasses."
"I think they're sexy." She eyed each of their inseams for growth, "They make small things appear bigger."
"HA! She's saying you have a dinky dick Nash."
"Fuck you, Chalmers."
"Can I ask you guys a favor?" Paige peaked her brows expectantly.
"What's that?" The crew leader named Sam asked with curiosity.
"Before I go back to Kansas with Mister Wizard, will you spank your flying monkeys for me?" She coyly raised her left shoulder to her cheek with a glint of intrigue.
"HELL YES." Came a six-way consensus.
"Yay!" She pats her palms together rapidly and teetered on tiptoe. "I have to go secure my ride now. You guys can watch." She pivoted in her ruby slippers, then spanked her own bottom in front of them before skipping back to Frank. Six peckers were swollen hard.
"What did you say?" A fully dressed Frank was sweating bullets.
"That I needed to please the Great and Powerful Oz before he would take me back to Kansas." Pouting as if ready to spawn tears she mumbled, "I miss my, Auntie Em'."
"Sweet Jesus! They're stroking their cocks." He eyed the bunch. Each of them dared to show their own erections off. Swallowing dryly, he knew they had nothing to say to him for his deeds if they were perverts as well.
"They're not flying monkey's, just the spanking monkey breed."
Frank Martinbaum had to laugh. He didn't stop until Paige took him by the hand and led him further away toward a sidewalk. She was in the mood to be risky. At twenty feet from the walkway, she drops to her knees and stretches out in the grass on her tummy. Her ass moving slowly up and down to entice Frank.
"Fuck me, Mister Frank." She offered a haunting plea.
Looking about him, he dropped his bag just as he heard her cell announce a text. He swiftly retrieved it and passed it down to her. "Your father." Claiming it she texted Lonnie the second name of the boy at Drew's party, that had played with her during Three Minutes in Heaven. Acknowledged, she kept her cell as she leered back toward Frank with her ass in the air.
"Lil Doggy, too?" She whimpered seductively. With a pale expression Frank Martinbaum dropped his pants. From his pocket he produced a red condom ripping it open with his teeth. Rolling it on she giggled. "You're wearing a ruby slipper now."
"That I am." He lowered over her and lined his beast up for a slippery penetration. She was sopping wet between her thighs. Zero lube was needed even with her pussy tight and scalding hot. As she lowered her hips, he fucked her hard. The six men watching in awe from the safety of distance. Each jerking off hard and expelling words of breathless torment, going so far as wishing they were Frank. That was exactly what Paige Turner had hoped for.
Propped over her on extended arms Frank pounded away at a decent speed and rhythm, its perfection making Paige moan louder and louder. Frank gruffly expelled his pleasure with a profound, "Fuck your pussy's tight."
"I like your big dick, Mister Frank. It feels really good." She prided herself on her childlike voice, the tone made him fuck her with more dedication. Within her hands she called her Daddy via Facetime. As he answered she held a finger in front of her lips to silent him. Lonnie merely watched. Her expression adoring every thrust Frank had to offer. Her moans escalating gave Lonnie a front row seat. As she continued enduring his assault, Paige shifted her camera to face the six men. Lonnie saw them jerking off and sat back on his sofa. From home Lonnie Turner joined them. He sat naked in his living room anyway. Why not, right?
Lost once again to reality neither Frank nor Paige noticed a dog walker approaching with hesitance. A young longhaired blond girl of possibly 20, walked a grey peppered Scottie Terrier on a lengthy leash. Not only was she worried that the man fucking this young redhead was raping her, but she had also noticed the six ejaculating groundskeepers. Her heart stopped at the sight. As terrible as it first appeared she quickly realized that the sexual encounter was consensual. The cellphone in the girl's hand was a telltale sign. Approaching closer the girl took her time, curiosity and her own hormones pausing her advance.
In doing so the dog took it upon himself to introduce itself to Paige with a wagging tail and a cold nose on her face.
"TOTO!!!" Paige giggled as the blond swiftly yanked the leash recalling the canine. Frank seeing this slowed his thrusting to stare at the blond, pale in the face. The girl gnashed her teeth at his glare.
"I'm sooo sorry." The blond began to hurry away.
"ARE YOU GLENDA THE GOOD WITCH?" Paige yelled after the blond. Hearing this the girl stopped and picked up the dog, to avoid any further interaction as she dared to return to the couple.
"Oh, my God! My name's not Glenda but it is Linda." The blond snickered. "This is so crazy. I love your fearlessness. Sorry about Chauncy."
"Hi, Chauncy." Paige blew the dog and its owner a kiss.
"You do realize there are six guys over there jacking off right?" Linda winced. "Cute guys even."
"Don't stop, Mister Frank." Paige glanced over her shoulder at the Wizard. Swallowing dryly, he tempted to retreat until Linda expressed a hand in favor of stopping him.
"Please keep going. I didn't mean to interrupt you."
"Don't go." Paige whimpered. "Isn't the Great and Powerful Oz magnificent?"
Linda wasn't really into older guys, but Frank did have a tight body for his age. Not to mention he had that George Clooney swagger. She stood there a bit longer, biting her nail as Chauncy wanted down. She swiftly hugged the dog to quiet him. Her intrigue led to glances over toward the six men who know pointed toward Linda with interest. Now they were more her speed in age and physique. She found herself waving at them before a whisper of, "So crazy."
"I think the spanking monkeys like you Glenda." Paige moaned showing her father the beautiful blond. Lonnie took interest in where this was going, jerking himself off with vigor.
"Wow!" Linda the good witch nibbled her nail smiling. "They are kind of yummy."
Paige began breathing heavily and feeling every sharp caress of Frank's beefy cock along her G-spot. Still, she managed encouragement. "You should go scold them for spanking."
"Should I?" Linda felt her heart jump. Without another second to waste the cute blond took a stroll through the grass and met up with the monkeys. Not one of them put their dicks away in shame. She tied the dog to a tree and joined the six men. Their attention on Paige now non-existent. Linda Welch was going to get some cream of her own, voluntarily reaching over with both hands to get a nice feel of some very sturdy erections. Resistance impossible she jerked them off, the six forming a circle around her. Shirt off only she inspired them with a pair of stunning 38C's. Let the blow bang commence. Lonnie was blown away by his daughter's instigation.
"I'm going to cum, Mister Frank."
"SO AM I, DOROTHY." Loud and proud!
Together the Great and Powerful Oz proved exactly how mighty he was. Lifting her upper body, he reared up to his knees and held Paige's back against his chest. His beast still rapidly thrusting upward into her for an all-new round of extraordinary sensations. She joined him with gyrations of her own, her right hand palming his cheek as her cell primed first between her legs to show Lonnie his violent penetrations, then a shot straight up over her belly, between her wagging titties. The final notation, Frank's left hand clutching her throat with superiority.
"I adore you, Paige Turner." Frank whispered. "Bless you for making my fantasy come true."
"Cum inside me, Mister Frank."
"Cum on my dick, My lovely child."
As one they snarled and screamed at the other's intent. Not until both of them relaxed did he release her throat. She lifted herself enough to draw him into a kiss. Long and steamy they cooed in each other's arms. Finally, they heard Lonnie snarling over the cell as Paige cringed. Reluctantly showing Frank the cell in her left-hand Frank Martinbaum chuckled at seeing Lonnie on Facetime.
"I should charge you for admission Lonnie." Frank laughed.
"Blame Dorothy there. She let me watch." Lonnie sighed with cum on his free hand.
"Bye, Daddy! No more texting. I'm all Mister Frank's now." With a kiss to her cell screen, she shut it off. Lonnie went to wash his hands so that he could calculate how to spend Frank's money.
"It appears Glenda is having a good time herself." Frank pulled free of her trickling cunt and stood up to pull his pants into place but wavering to stroke his latex covered beast observing Linda in the short distance. Paige sat in the grass catching her breath and also watched Linda's greedy blow bang. It looked like fun. "That should be our cue. Allow me to show you, my palace?"
"EMERALD CITY! EMERALD CITY!" Paige crawled to her knees to face Frank as he removed a startlingly full condom with delicate hands. Holding it up in the air for her to gauge how much he adored her he sighed. Instinctively she lowered her mouth beneath it causing Frank to peak a brow. He knew what she wanted. Using both hands he tilted the open end of the condom over her tongue and let his jizz trickle down her throat, lips frothy at the abundance of his nut. Final droplets, he sprinkles over her face as she giggled.
"And you say you're not old enough to drink."
"I drank from a ruby slipper." She playfully expressed shyness.
"Come."
"Again?" She grew giddy!
"I meant follow me back to the car." Laughter was contagious.
"Emerald City?"
"Indeed!"
After Frank had dressed himself, he took Paige by the hand and with pride they walked back to his car. People in passing saw her nudity. He smiled. She shivered. They drooled! Perverts everywhere it seemed!
Intoxicated by her youthful exuberance Frank drove drunk. Paige hung out the window to feel the breeze in her hair and show off her titties to people they passed. Fuzzy Wuzzy tucked between them needed air! No alcohol level to speak of in the least, the fun was just beginning. The BAUMshell was having the time of her life.
Linda Welch? She found herself to be a bad witch today. The beautiful blond basked beneath her six monkeys covered in gooey goodness. She would see all six of them again in the future in a cheap motel. Chauncy stayed home!
Still no bellboy hats.