Kelly felt Kyle's head expand inside her, spurting several streams as he stifled moans and grunts to prevent calling attention to them as they sat in the front of the pontoon boat draped in towels to obscure what they had been doing. It wasn't as if there had been a lot to worry about. It was the end of summer, close to 10:30pm, the denizens of the lake had been out en masse, floating or anchored at the West end of the lake, listening to a band. The lake put on a great celebratory event throughout the day and ended with an evening of live music.
Kelly had been, almost, fending off Kyle all day, but became more complicit as the day and the alcohol wore on. By evening, they had been taunting each other and with darkness the opportunity arose. Kyle's parents had the house and he'd invited Kelly. His older brother, Mickey, had invited some of his friends. Mickey and his friends brought the beer, and had been luring any females, in bikinis, into their group all day long.
These guys were big, loud and hilarious. Kelly felt lucky to be with them, although as the only girl at first, Kyle hadn't been the only one manhandling her. Truth be told, she liked the rough house nature of these guys, as did another young woman. That's how Lizzie showed up.
Lizzie's grandparents owned a house several lots down the shore. She was 21, a year older than Kelly and Kyle and several years younger than Mickey and his friends. Kelly wasn't shy, but Lizzie encouraged the guys. She grabbed back when she was groped and raised the sexual charge in the group exponentially. All through the day she taunted the boys, and confided to Kelly she wanted to suck each cock.
By the time the gang took the pontoon boat out to hear the band, Lizzie confided that she'd achieved her goal with the exception of Kyle. While they'd been swimming together she'd gone underwater, pulled down their trunks and "sucked em all until they were completely hard, then I left. I mean rhythmic breathing and fellatio is damn tricky." She grinned as they pulled up into the armada of boats waiting for the band to begin.
Mickey and the meatheads, as Lizzie had named them, had all jumped in the water and swam around to partying boats, climbing in when invited and sometimes even when uninvited, if the passengers were attractive enough. This left Kyle and Kelly in the boat.
Kelly curled up next to Kyle, dropping her hand into his lap and running her nails against the outline of his cock. "Ya know Lizzie's sucked Mickey's cock?" she purred, adding, "She told me, and she wants to suck everybody's, even this one." Squeezing his tumescence.
"She does?" Kyle shot back lifting his hips, "Mickey told me. Quite a little slut. He said she nearly drowned on Winz's dick, apparently he's hung like a mule." Glancing around, "Be a good girl and suck my dick. Nobody can see, and I turned off the nav lights ... mmmm not very well anyway." He added sliding his trunks down past his knees. The white skin contrasted with his taut, tanned abdomen. His dick flapped substantially, against his body as Kelly wrapped her hand around it, enjoying the heat as she glanced around, then lowered her head feeling the tip with her tongue then the ridge as she sucked him into her mouth.
"We should fuck." Sucking on Kyle's dick in the front of the pontoon boat brought Kyle to complete attention. Kelly could feel him throbbing in her hand and even on her tongue. The fact that anyone coming onto the boat, or for the matter if anyone shining a flashlight, would see what she was doing only turned her on more. She reiterated more forcefully, "We should fuck! Right now!" Kyle nodded in agreement.
Kelly stood. It wasn't as dark as she'd hoped. Instead of straddling him cowgirl or reverse cowgirl, she pulled her bottoms to the sides and sat down onto him, first feeling his head search for her opening and then spreading her apart before sinking in as she lowered herself. "Oh fuck, yeah baby!" she whispered in awe. "I feel you completely filling me up and look at all these boats and people." Kyle bit her earlobe and slid the fabric of her top to the side providing him with access to her hard nipples and the thrill of exposure. "This makes you hot, fuckin in public, doesn't it?" Kyle growled.
Kelly shuddered in response as her orgasm froze time, then exploded causing her hips to rock back in forth, then shunting all of her of her energy out of her body in a moan that others could probably hear. Kyle held her up. "You sexy little bitch, who told you, you could cum?"
"I'm, uh, so sorry, ohh that was... that was... God, I had no idea I was that close. That was intense. Jesus!"
"I'll say," Kyle added playfully, "I don't know if it's sweat or cum but my balls and my legs, shit! the seat is soaked." Then they heard someone coming up the ladder in the back. Kelly's eyes grew wide, glancing at Kyle and grabbing at the towels, nearly pulling off Kyle. "No you don't, I'm nearly there." Kyle growled through gritted teeth, pulling her hips back into his lap and feeling himself push deep inside and cross the point of restraint as he watched Lizzie sit in the seats across from them.
Kelly stared alarmed and paralyzed feeling Kyle his dick head expand and blow jets of cum inside her as Lizzie sat down with her mouth agape as she watched Kyle cum inside Kelly. He panted, grinned weakly and did the best he could to pretend what she saw, wasn't really what she saw. Kelly felt vulnerable, but triumphant and hesitant. What happens next she wondered as Lizzie looked on with a lust filled visage.
"Oh my god, that was so HAWT! Fuckin' right here in the boat and I got to see him cum in you... and your face, it was so fucking surprised. God he's in you right now, isn't he?" Lizzie hissed crossing the distance between them and taking Kelly's hand. She pulled, separating the two, causing Kyle's deflating dick to slap loudly against his stomach. "I want to suck his dick so bad, Oh Kelly can I?!" Lizzie implored.
"He just came out of me..." Kelly wondered aloud, "but knock yourself out." She added with an air of skepticism.
Lizzie glanced at her in disbelief, "Is that supposed to be a deterrent, cause it really turns me on." Grabbing Kyle's flagging cock and glancing over her shoulder with a pleased grin. "Holy shit! You fuckers came everywhere."
Kelly stood, watching, her top askance exposing her fabulous tits and her bottom, still pulled aside. Cum was seeping in rivulets down her thigh.
Lizzie was on her knees, rubbing her face against Kyle's wet nuts and semi hard cock. Looking up at Kyle, "Ima make this thing rock, fucking, hard and fuck you right in front of your girlfriend. She's going to watch as I use your dick. She's gonna see it spread my little pussy open, fill me up and pound me til I cum. Aghh Your cum is all over my face and hands. Oh it's so sexy and smells so... ughn." As she stuffed the rapidly inflating prick all the way into her throat.
Kelly hadn't seen anything like this in real life and felt conflicted. Kyle was her boyfriend, but she'd told Lizzie it was ok, and although she wanted to take that back, Lizzie's primal enthusiasm dirty words and actions, really made her want to see Kyle's cock pound the slender nymph. Unable to draw up the courage to stop Lizzie and Kyle, she drifted backwards, sitting on the opposing bench in the pontoon boat.
Lizzie came up for air, bent lower, licking cum from the vinyl seat, then up sucking his balls while squeezing the base of his cock. "Are you going to take this meat stick and skewer me in front of your girlfriend so you can you can tell your buddies you fucked two sluts in one night?"
Kyle locked his gaze with Lizzie as she licked from the bottom of his nut sack up to the shiny, saliva covered, plum colored swelling head before she swallowed it causing her to choke and look down as she forced it, more rigid now, down her throat.
Seeing the bow holding her top up Kyle glanced up at Kelly with a derisive smile, as he pulled releasing Lizzie's top. "Yeah. She likes it." He added jutting his chin towards Kelly as he pulled Lizzie off his cock, raising her to a standing position before, roughly turning her around pulling her top down to her bottoms.
Kelly watched Lizzie as she slid her bikini down her slim legs, baring her asshole and pussy to Kyle. "Oh, your girlfriend is mesmerized." Lizzie held out her hand, "Wanna guide him inside me?" then added, "Take that off first. It's just in the way."
Kelly looked down realizing she had been holding her bikini aside so she could stroke her clit. Surprised, but feeling overwhelmed with curiosity, she stripped off her bottoms and joined Lizzie and Kyle. Lizzie placed her hands on Kelly's shoulders guiding her down onto her hands and knees, then pulled her close. "Spread me apart so you can see everything go in."
Kelly refused, grabbing Kyle's raging hard on, pulling it forward, and watched spellbound as Lizzie held her labia apart and sank onto Kyle's manhood. She felt his heat then Lizzie's wet heat as her soft folds kissed her fist still holding Kyle. Lizzie twitched, pushed Kelly's hand away and took Kyle deep as he pushed up to feel the velvet encasement. Kyle groaned, sinking down as Lizzie raised up. In the dim light he was completely exposed, and wet, and spreading Lizzie as she held her position enjoying the empty feeling, with the comforting knowledge that she could be completely filled at her own discretion.
Kelly looked on inches away. She admired the veins in Kyle's cock, and the darker color of his swollen head as it spread Lizzie's lips, and pulsed while Lizzie impaled herself uttering a "Ooohh fuuuck." When he was balls deep she held him inside her and rocked her hips. She felt him, rigid, touching different points inside her, then she raised up and off commanding Kelly to kiss it. "Take it in your mouth and taste my pussy all over your boyfriend's fuckstick." Kelly complied, wondering at her depravity but becoming more aroused by the scent, taste and view. Lizzie played with her clit while Kelly took Kyle as deeply as she could. Lizzie couldn't remember being this turned on and felt neglected. "Kiss my cunt! Rub my dripping pussy all over your beautiful face." Commanded Lizzie. "Yeah Kelly, I want to see you lick Lizzie's pussy. Suck on her clit, like you sucked my cock." Kyle encouraged.
Holding Kyles cock in one hand, Kelly extended her tongue and just touched it to Lizzie's clit. "That's it baby, taste that pussy. It's so hot seeing you like that. Betcha didn't think you'd be doing this when you woke up this morning, huh?" Kyle added in awe and perverted fascination. Although he'd just cum, the stimulation was so much clear liquid precum was seeping from the tip of his cock. Kelly buried her face in Lizzie's open pussy. Her tongue pushing up and into the partially opened cunt as she spread Kyle's slickness all over his throbbing head. Lizzie went up on her toes, thrusting her hips forward into her new friend's face. Kelly's tongue was everywhere, as Lizzie breathed out, "You dirty little slut you just licked over my asshole, uhhhn, it felt so good!" Kelly responded incredulously, "You liked that?" and leaned in again as Lizzie rocked forward, reaching down and spreading her ass cheeks wider, begging wordlessly for Kelly to do it again. "Uuugh, yes right there. Don't stop!" Lizzie hissed, "Your girlfriend has her tongue up my ass... and it feels so... amazing."
Kelly pulled back holding the base Kyles oozing cock she lined it up as Lizzie sank down eyes closed. Kelly was so turned on by watching him spread her lips then feeling, Lizzie's velvet wetness kiss her thumb and forefinger, then partially enter the other girl, before she pulled up and off. Spurts of semen erupted from Kyle's dick landing everywhere. Just before Lizzie dropped onto Kyle while he was coming, Kelly angled his cock slightly farther back, and thrilled as his head stabbed into Lizzie's ass. Kelly grinned, with an evil glint in her eye, "Take that bitch. Take it all. Right up your ass!"
"There Kyle, now you know what it feels like to have anal sex." Added Kelly exuberantly.
To Kelly's surprise, Lizzie gasped as her legs gave out and Kyle's still erect cock disappeared, then she pulled Kelly in between her legs instructing her to lick, clamping her in place. Kelly resisted, but was overwhelmed by the immediacy of their lust realizing she wanted all of Kyle's and Lizzie's cum to cover her face if she couldn't get it into her mouth. Lizzie danced like a toy on Kyle, holding her ass spread apart as he fucker her savagely, spurred on by the impropriety.
Lizzie's head was spinning from her orgasm and Kyle's furious thrusts. The novelty of having her cunt licked by the girlfriend of the guy who was enthusiastically pounding her tight asshole would have been enough. Knowing that she was naked on the bow of a pontoon boat, on a lake, surrounded by other people in their boats and she was having the wildest sex in her entire life with two people, she'd just met that morning multiplied the exhilaration and caused her to open her eyes just to prove it was all real.
Winz stood on the other side of Kelly looking like a predator ready pounce, and was the first thing Lizzie's eyes focused on, "Fuck this bitch!" she spat out, marveling at how quickly he could get his enormous cock out of his board shorts, "I want to see you stretch her tight little pussy and hear her squeal."
Winz was naked and on his knees behind Kelly pushing her legs apart as his massive head began spreading her wet cunt, backing out and pushing in farther. With his head inside Kelly, she jerked up out from Lizzie's thighs, eyes wide as she gushed, "Holy shit! Ohh fuck that's a monster cock!" as she pushed against Lizzie to take more of Winz. He pulled her upright while still on her knees, sinking over half of his cock in her slippery pussy. He looked over her shoulder and down her body, squeezing a breast mercilessly in one hand while slapping her clit with the other.
Lizzie saw Mickey, standing slack jawed as he took in the scene and she had another dirty thought that made her lose track of everything else. She raised one foot onto the seat straddling Kyle then the other, leaning back so he could see his brother's cock thrusting into her ass, as she spread her cunt and called, "Mickey I want you right here. Fuck me with your brother. I wanna feel both of you filling me up." He grinned, watching her bounce up and down. She was fucking his brother now, completely in control of how deep she was taking him and she was skewering herself with a look of satisfaction and abandon that had him on point as he dropped his shorts and accepted the wanton invitation. "Oh shit Kelly! You gotta try the brother sandwich... uhhnn, I'm just continually cumming all over these cocks!" She closed her eyes feeling the two masculine bodies thrust inside her, spreading her like she'd never experienced before.
Winz stood up, lifting Kelly with him, as gravity finished the job allowing her to envelope all of his completely erect prick. He carried her to the same side of the boat as Lizzie and the brothers so they could both watch Lizzie's pounding. Kelly gasped as she looked through a visceral haze, "He is so big I feel like I can't get a full breath of air." Lizzie leaned into her, pulling Kelly's face to hers "Oooh, you've got to try this... uhh two cocks feels more than twice as good as, I dunno, but shit! Nothing like this..."
Winz had set up Kelly so one knee was on the back of the seat cushion and the other leg straight, standing on the floor. She was spread wide taking his full length in slow torturous strokes. Her back was arched and her tits were pressed up against Lizzie's side as their faces pressed against each other. Kiss each other, that's so fuckin' sexy, when I bust I want both of you sluts suckin' my cock and I'll cum all over your sexy faces and you'll eat it up. Yeah Lizzie think about that. Fuckin' right here naked and all these people watching you. Cock deep up your asshole, like some stick puppet and Mickey shagging your cunt, cause you get off on the brothers doing you at once. And then there'll be me forcing your throat open with Kelly's cum all over my cock and when you can't take anymore, she'll lick her pussy juice off what you can't get in your mouth. Two sluts, one filling all of her wet holes with cock and another just cleaning up until I bust my nuts and unload a couple of spurts all over your pretty faces and you chicks just lick it right up like it was the elixir of life." Lizzie was enthralled by the idea of three cocks, biting on Kelly's lip before, "I want to do that. I wanna see him, feel him, watch him cover your face with cum, feel it dripping off mine and your tongue cleaning it off me. I'll clean you up too... oh please, let's do that."
Kelly's head was spinning, in sensory overload. She had put her hand under Lizzie and enjoyed the two cocks plying away, the interplay of words between Lizzie and Winz, his enormous cock penetrating her to the core, the other boats that had tied up to their pontoon and the people watching and cheering them on. Even the derisive comments about Lizzie and her being total sluts added to the jolt of overload and her orgasm had been building but it still felt a long way off. "God damn! Kyle, this bitch has a phenomenal ass!" Winz exclaimed while slapping it hard leaving his handprint. "And her fuckin' pussy, Jesus! I gotta feel these flaps on my tongue and know what your sweet pussy tastes like right now, Kelly." He pulled out and she felt him lick her from her clit, dipping his tongue inside her gaping cunt, then up higher till she felt him stabbing into her puckered asshole. Kyle was laughing "No Winz, that's all creampie..."
"Ohhh, too late dude already did it, and Kelly, baby, you got a sexy ass, I hope you like that, cause, I'm probably doing it again, and your labia it's so big soft and warm, I love it on my tongue. You tell me which side feels better." As Winz sucked in one side pulling his teeth delicately over the exterior part while running his tongue deep inside her, then switching to the other side and doing the same thing before licking her asshole. "Shit! Ima pop!" Winz added, slamming his cock back into Kelly then pulling it out and offering it for the girls oral delight. He smirked as each wrapped a hand around it, still leaving a formidable part to prod each other with and ultimately suck on. "Omph, you fuckin' sluts here it cums." Grunted Winz as precum oozed out the tip followed by a stream of white landing mostly in Lizzie's mouth. The second plastering her face and the third arcing up in a weaker blast, tumbling three or four inches above the girls faces and coming down with a satisfying splat, leaving a trail from Kelly's hair to her eyebrow across her eye, the bridge of her nose, her upper lip and some in her mouth. The rest seeped out onto their fingers and they wiped it over each other's faces. "I'm a fuckin' artist!" Winz yelled raising his arms above his head, looking around at the enthralled spectators, "You bitches lick that shit, don't waste a fucking drop!" He commanded feeling the aftershocks of his orgasm as they cleaned him up under the ridge of his cock and then kissed and spread semen all over their faces necks and tits.
Mickey added, "Holy shit! My turn." as he dismounted Lizzie and pressed his glans to Kelly's lips as he erupted. "Suck my dick Kelly, I've wanted to defile you for so fucking long. Take it with Lizzie's cum all over it you fuckin' slut, piece of meat."
"Dude?!" Kyle challenged, feeling his adrenalin rise, but Kelly added, "No it's... it's... good, fucking makes me feel wanted and sexy and... cheap. God I feel like such a slut and... alive. I just want more cum. It turns me on to see it come out and know I'm the reason." Just then she felt hands spreading her ass apart, but her mouth was on Mickey as he held her in place. When she was let up, "Oh god another cock, who is that?" expecting one of the other meatheads. Winz responded, "I dunno, but he's almost as big as me and I thought you'd enjoy it. She is such a slut, Kyle, she's never even seen this dude before and now he's balls deep. Oh Kelly, wanna take some more cock, get filled up like Lizzie?" Kelly looked worried, but Winz was already directing everyone.
"Bro, lie on the floor, I'll have her mount you and then line up another guy to fuck her in the ass." Grinned Winz.
"No! That's ok Winz, I'm taking him anally right in front of you fuckers, so you can be jealous and when I get him all the way in, some other guy I've never met gets my little cunt and another dude is gonna fuck my face. I'm a total slut and I have to come to grips with that. While I'm riding these fuckers you and everyone else are gonna stroke your cocks so I can see em. When these guys cum in me, Lizzie is going to lie on top of me and we're going to 69, while you guys cum all over us. And I want her to be filled with cum. I want to watch it slide out of her pussy and feel the warmth on my tongue and face."
Kelly straddled the volunteer without even looking at his face, his cock, she looked at. It was glorious. She squatted down pulling it up against her pussy spreading her lips apart and stroking it. Wiping some of Mickey's cum from her face, she added it to the mix making him slippery. "I'm gonna take this huge fuckin' schlong up my butt, I wanna see you guys stroking those dicks. She rested her hands on her knees and raised up, feeling the massive head slide down over her clit and open pussy. Precum flowed out the guys dick and she knew he wouldn't last long, then she felt the head spring down towards the guys belly and she lowered herself waiting for him to line it up. Six guys were on the front of the boat stroking their dicks as Kelly felt the bulbous head nestle in the cleft of her butthole. She looked at Kyle, he was still encased in Lizzie. She wiggled and rubbed her pussy, both enthralled by Kelly's display. "Oh guys, this is going to tear me up, but it feels so satisfying to have you watch." Kelly explained as she tried to relax feeling the rigid portion under the glans push against her ring. Breathing deep and exhaling she felt him penetrate her and she waited adjusting to the sexual intrusion she had invited. "Ohhhh fuuuck he's spreading me out. Uhnn!" hissed Kelly as she rubbed her clit and surveyed the guys stroking their dicks. To her surprise a couple of women were seated across from Kyle and Lizzie and they were rubbing one out also. She took another breath and exhaled, accepting more of the stranger's cock up her ass.
Precum dripped from several guys and she beckoned them to her, ordering them to cum on her. In seconds she felt the warm spray of the first guy on her breasts and abdomen. The second dripped prodigiously and he unloaded with large drops falling on her pubic mound. It felt delicious as she rubbed the cum into her skin, and sank all of the way down onto the cock in her ass. "Can you see it?" She asked spreading her legs and then her pussy, "Can you see this enormous pecker shoved all the way up my ass?" Guys began to stroke faster. Another of Mickey's friends was up and center. She implored him to come to her and she put one arm back holding herself up on the guys chest while she jacked and sucked on his dick.
Addressing the guys nearby, she instructed them to be ready and told them she wanted them to cum inside her or on her during the 69 with Lizzie, but it would be nice if a couple of guys could fill her with cum. It turned her on thinking Lizzie would be slurping freshly deposited semen from her little pussy while she did the same. Immediately she felt a guy enter her and thrust freneticly. She had closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensations. She felt the guy in her pussy flare and then spurt his seed. The next guy had the same frantic initial state. The other meathead pulled her face to him and filled her mouth with cum. He grinned and dribbled more semen on her face as he tucked himself away. The guy in her ass wasn't really moving, so she rose up and began fucking in earnest. With a grunt she felt him respond and fill her with his cum. This was good, she was nearly at the edge.
When Kelly stood, she felt woozy, and cum began seeping out. Kyle had moved taking Lizzie, so Kelly could lay down on the seat. One of the women watching was instantly straddling her head and mashed her cunt onto Kelly's face. She came, expelling the cum she'd received from an anonymous donor. She twisted Kelly's nipples and commanded Kelly to stick her tongue out. A flash went off capturing part of Kelly's face while her tongue explored this strange woman's pussy, then her asshole. It was so naughty. People were recording her gratifying another woman in a most humiliating way, yet it was pushing her closer to the edge. She wondered what would trip her trigger.
When the woman moved, Lizzie's lithe body crawled over Kelly. Licking cum and sweat beginning with a kiss all the way down her throat, past her breasts, over her belly button and onto her aching clit. Drops of cum fell like rain as men ejaculated onto the girls. Lizzie's used and gaping pussy pushed out dollops of semen, spreading like a glaze over Kelly's face, lips and tongue. She felt Lizzie's hands pushing her thighs farther apart then her tongue on her clit and fingers spreading her open delving inside her tender pussy. She could hear Lizzie suck and slurp up the creampie. Fingers were pushing inside and it felt like several people were holding her open for Lizzie. Someone put something against her ass and she felt herself open and accept. "Jesus, somebody is fucking my asshole as Lizzie eats me out. Then she heard, "Put your whole hand inside my cunt." Turning to the side the woman who'd sat on her face was begging to be fisted as she watched Lizzie and Kelly.
Bright lights shined down as guys filmed themselves cumming on the girls, and then Kyle's face came into focus. He smiled shook his head and straddled her face. "Where do you want this?" he asked as she grabbed his mostly erect cock and licked his balls. She lined him up with Lizzie and watch for the second time that night as he spread her apart and penetrated the slender girl who happened to have her tongue flicking across Kelly's clit and four fingers pulling her cunt open as another guy ravaged her asshole.
This is so depraved she thought as she extended her tongue and licked his asshole. Never had she thought of doing anything like tonight, but she'd never felt and orgasm building as long and as big as the one she had coming. Kyle clinched and shook, then slid out of Lizzie. "Holy shit, Kelly!" That was...Uhm..." He pushed forward again and Kelly aimed slightly higher enjoying the view as he skewered Lizzie anally, again. Kelly sucked hard on Lizzie's clit and felt her reciprocate. The man, the stranger, whoever it was pushed frantically and began shooting jets of semen into her bowels. She could feel it. It had her right on the edge of a big drop. A chasm of bliss, awaited. Tilting her head back again the tip of her tongue pressed against then went into Kyle's butt hole and as before he jerked out and back as she watched an arc of white ejaculate above her face and land all over Lizzie's gaping asshole and pussy. White and pink, so sexy and the bottom fell out. She shut her eyes as her hips lifted up dislodging the cock in her ass and feeling lips and teeth of Lizzie grazing over her clit. She slurped the cum that covered her friends holes exploring with an enthusiastic tongue every fold and pucker.
Looking up and back, Kyle's wilting cock hung above her face as she closed her eyes and opened her mouth accepting his dripping member and relishing the thought, "I am a complete slut and such a dirty bitch."
Kyle laughed, "Jesus Kelly..."