This is a recollection of certain lurid events which occurred in the remote 77 Acre Farm owned by Mrs Pedigree. It is a fable for hard folk and lonesome men and, like most campfire stories worth telling, is based on true events.
If you have a complaint, just roast a marshmallow and please wait until its your turn to speak. Lets see...
Before we get into the nitty gritty degeneracy we ought to inspect the Pedigree women. First and foremost was Daisy Pedigree, youngest daughter and a certifiable country girl. God blessed her with an attractive form, strong arms, and thick thighs. She had received a homeschooling education, that is to say, almost no education whatsoever. She was talented at milking cows and repairing roofing, but knew nothing of math or history or sex ed. Ahem.
Then there was Lady Pedigree, her elder sister. They called her 'Lady' but she was anything but. How did such a family of plain farming folk wind up with this rotten troublemaker trapped in the slim, petite body of an especially attractive girl? If her father had been around, she might have turned out alright. At least she had her wits, though the same could not be said for Daisy.
Mrs. Agatha Pedigree was their mother and sole living guardian. She had a body much like Daisy's, only more developed, and wits to match young Lady, which helped keep her in line.
They were impoverished and lonely after a boy named Lyle moved away many years ago, leaving them with just one neighbor (a friendly woman who will not appear in these introductory tales). But they were happy and, most importantly, far removed from the wiles of civilization. The 77 Acre Farm, though small, was situated in a place where no man might stumble across it.
Naturally, one man did.
It happened on a cool spring day when the wind whistled through the evergreens like a low moan and sent droplets of morning dew scattering across rows of crops--carrots mostly, green strands poking from the earth like wiggling tentacles--now ready for the harvest.
Walking among those rows and inspecting the vegetables of their labor was Daisy Pedigree dressed in jean shorts that pinched and rode her ass something fierce and a cutesy pink tanktop which clung for dear life against her full breasts, sometimes slipping and offering her sister Lady an unwanted view.
"Cover up!" said Lady, harshly. "No one wants to see your pink tits flapping in the wind, you cow!"
"Who's no one?" Daisy asked. "It's just you and me and Ma. There's no one t' offend. I could go naked for all you care." And it was true. Not since those happy days with Lyle had a stranger come this far onto their property, let alone upside the house where they now knelt on hands and knees with their rear ends wobbling as they plucked carrot after firm carrot from the earth. Their hands stroking and plying the ground with expert dexterity.
Still, Lady couldn't stand to lose an argument.
"Be that as it may, we're grown women now. We ought to have standards."
"Comfort first is my standard." As if to emphasize this point, Daisy removed her top and wrung it like a towel to drain the sweat. Her bare skin was pale and surprisingly smooth despite a lifetime spent in the great outdoors.
Lady averted her eyes and Daisy just laughed and laughed, her voice sweet and innocent like a child's. Lyle, the only male she had ever known, used to look away too.
Just then as her thoughts were on men (those mysterious creatures!) the evergreen leaves shook and stirred in a way that was not natural. Out from the treeline came something that was not the wind, though the sight of it alone chilled Lady to the bones.
Stranger!
Not just any stranger, a strange man!
He was tall and thin but even from this distance they could see that he was strong, strong like their Pa had been, perhaps, but also totally alien in every regard. He wore weird clothes and walked herky-jerky like a puppet with half its strings cut and just trying to make do. One arm was wrapped around his stomach like he was feeling for something or another.
"Hello!" said he, and the two girls stared prey-like into the treeline and did not move or reply.
"Hello!" he said again, this time louder. His very voice was strange! He did not speak in falsetto as with the boy Lyle, nor was his voice somewhat deep like their broad-hipped mother. His was pure baritone, rich in depth and oddly pleasurable to the ear. When he said 'Hello' it was like he was saying, 'My dears, how I've longed to see you again.'
Daisy's exposed nipples hardened in the cool spring air though she knew not why.
He paused, then shuffled closer.
"Now you stay right there! You hear me?" Lady blustered. She had a lot of fight in her, like a small dog backed into a corner. But its hard to take such threats seriously when they come from a five-foot-five princess.
"Why should I? I have every right to be here," the man countered, voice patient as when dealing with social workers or brats.
"You most certainly do not," Lady drew herself up to her full height. "This here is Pedigree property. Ped-ih-greeh. And you sir are NOT a member of the family. So that makes you a trespasser!"
The man cocked his head and smiled.
"And what happens to trespassers, exactly?"
Lady stammered and bit her tongue.
"Nothing, I suppose. But your argument is moot, little lady. Didn't Agatha speak to you? I'm no trespasser, I'm a house guest!"
Now that elicited some confusion, I can tell you. The man waited patiently while clutching his chest as Lady and Daisy talked it over, though it would be more accurate to say that Lady thought out loud while Daisy said "uh-huh" several times in a row.
In the end they came to an agreement: Lady would run to the farmhouse and speak with Agatha (her dear Ma) to confirm the man's claim, while Daisy Pedigree would watch the stranger and make sure he stayed put.
Lady was quite happy with this arrangement, since the man frightened her. Daisy was perhaps too... unaccustomed... to be afraid.
Watching her sister's bare feet slapping the earth as she ran home, Daisy spoke to the man who had sidled up alongside her, one arm hanging limp like a broken toy.
"Why are you topless?" he finally asked her.
"Because it feels good." That was the honest truth, and Ma had drilled into her time and time again the virtues of being honest.
The man considered this for a time, in silence.
"Don't you feel awkward? Most women would be ashamed."
"It's natural." Daisy looked at his arm. "Are you hurt? Or did you eat something that doesn't agree with you?"
The man lifted his shirt, revealing a bandaid so small it made Daisy burst out laughing. The man laughed too, evidently unbothered.
"It's just a little scrape. It doesn't hurt a bit." He eyed her body, looking her up from the bottom to the top as if appraising a rare statue from another era.
Daisy saw him watching her and didn't know what to say. She crossed her arms, then uncrossed them. What to do with all this nervous energy?
The man cast a surreptitious glance over towards the direction Lady had run off to. Nothing.
He looked down at her.
"What's wrong mister? Did you--" Daisy had begun to say mere seconds before the man's fingers gripped her bare tit and tugged her nipple, gently yet firmly.
"Why!" was all she could say, then a sharp intake of breath made her mute. That feeling... That touch! It was different than feeling her own hand against her skin when bathing. His hand was foreign. It was good.
Her eyes widened as he grabbed hold of both breasts and cupped them in his wide palms while playing with her mercilessly. He stepped behind her, circling like a predator, and ran figure-eights across her nipples while breathing hot air down her neck and along her spine. She didn't think that he was particularly handsome (he seemed more plain than anything, maybe a bit unattractive even) but feeling those hands on her breasts with his eyes boring directly into the back of her skull drove her wild. Never in her life had she been touched this way. She moaned aloud.
But this bliss lasted only a few seconds longer. Then, her surreal encounter took a turn for the worse.
Without asking her permission or even announcing his next move, he put both hands against her hips and forced her rear against his crotch. Daisy felt something lumpy and hard grind against her ass crack through her jean shorts which were as blue as the sky above. She looked up and felt oddly helpless in his grasp, when she stepped away he pulled her back. When she struggled, he held her tighter. Up above, the white puffy clouds moved lazily across a jean-colored sky.
He did not strip her but he did put a hand down her pants and began fumbling with her pussy with rough, claw-like motions. Daisy had never worn panties of any kind (comfort first!) and immediately felt his digits poking and prodding her insides in the worst way. Most surprisingly, she felt a trail of liquid seeping down her thighs--not urine, as she had expected, but something else. His fingers had done this to her.
"You big breasted bimbo," he hissed through perfectly white teeth. "Where's your dad?"
"My Pa's not around," she gasped through quick breaths. His fingers explored her cunt while his free hand pinched her nipple, sending waves of pleasure coursing through her body.
"We're gonna have a lot of fun together, you got that? Say yes. Say it."
Daisy grit her teeth and blinked back tears. So this was what men were like! No wonder her mother had kept them away from the city.
"Say it, cutie. Say it or I'll make you taste it." His hand left her shorts and tip-tapped against her chin, leaving little wet spots.
She turned away, finally relenting.
"Yes."
"Yes who?"
"Yes sir."
"Good girl," the man chuckled. "I'm gonna be your new dad from now on. It's all settled."
With that, he slipped three fingers inside her and began finger-fucking her like never before. Daisy actually gasped, so great was the sensation. She felt something rubbing against her legs; looked down to see her shorts sliding down below her knees.
He pushed her forward, making her walk awkwardly like a penguin as she struggled to move with her jeans tying her ankles together like a pair of handcuffs and his fingers still filling her cunt. Finally they stopped above a row of plants, not carrots waiting for harvest but rather a dense patch of wildflowers.
These flowers were some of Daisy's favorite--a band of swirling orange-and-white petals and others with a bulbous shape colored dark pink. They waved in the air like tiny people competing for her attention and, as the stranger whispered obscenities into her ear and bit her neck and fingered her like mad, droplets of something (precum, she'd later find out) began dripping down atop the wildflowers and coursing down their stems.
"I, I feel, I'm..." Daisy huffed. She was no wordsmith. And this was no time for words.
"Sshhh," the man chided. "Just let it all out."
His hands gripped every part of her body, stroking and caressing and gripping like she were a thing of small value and not a person. He fingered her again and again, using her in broad daylight without a care in the world, without any fear of being caught or endangered.
The strength in her legs faded. She slumped against his body, his weight. And through it all, those bony fingers kept up their terrible assault.
"Help me," she said, though she didn't know why.
As if to answer her, her pulled loose three glistening fingers and forced them in her mouth. They tasted awful.
Plopping them out, the stranger placed them against her exposed clit and rubbed her vigorously. They moved so fast that it appeared as though a dragonfly were beating its wings against her cunt, just a solid blur of white skin traveling back and forth at record speeds.
"Be a good little slut and cum for daddy."
It was too much.
With a loud cry, Daisy came all over the flowers below, watering them with her fluids and feeling hot tears rolling down her blubbering cheeks. Her legs shook like two powerlines in an earthquake. Her hips even buckled once, twice, thrusting involuntarily as she shot out more crystal-clear ejaculate all over the earth like an obscene watering can.
Her energy spent, she sank to her knees the moment he let her go. Daisy wrapped her arms around her chest and sniffled. For the first time in her life, Daisy felt compelled to put her top back on. She eyed it, reached for it, then let it be. What did it matter?
The stranger sat down and wiped his hand on his gray trousers. He seemed to pay her no notice. That was when she saw it--a huge shape bulging from the center of his pants, like a tent erected sideways. It was the same thing that she had felt against her body, when he had first groped her.
"Nice day out, huh?" the man asked.
---
His name was Hulton Brim, as a matter of fact, and he had come from the Northwest. He had played cards and games of dice in that region and somehow won much more than he had lost. By some stroke of luck he had seen fit to invest those winnings into a risky company started up by a few friends and a kooky entrepreneur named Black Bill. Wouldn't you know it, the company had turned a mighty profit--and how! Within five years it had the best stock going, if only for a few days.
In yet another stroke of luck Mr. Brim had actually sold his shares (every last one, to his friends' chagrin) shortly before the company went under. That made Hulton Brim a lucky man thrice over, and to his mind any man who got that lucky three times in a row was a special man indeed, a giant among dwarfs who stood above the common folk while sometimes stooping to engage in their vices. All in all, a mean specimen of Homo Sapiens and a gambler to boot and, as Agatha Pedigree helpfully explained over some afternoon tea, the new honored house guest at the 77 Acre Farm.
This revelation made Daisy gnash her teeth in disbelief, doubly so when Hulton affixed her with a calculating stare and paper-thin smile. Lady seemed unhappy about it too, all things considered, but was wising up to the concept when she saw the stranger's bag which contained, among other things, a few wads of cash.
Money, that's what it always comes down to ladies and gentlemen. Let us not forget as we sit under the stars and tell nasty swallow-or-spit stories that money opens all doors. Indeed Agatha had agreed to let him stay in exchange for rent (a rent which far exceeded the value of a single bed and breakfast, it should be noted). This money could easily maintain their farm, could pay for their food so that they need not live off the land as was the custom even in the long winter.
Her fists balled in rage, Daisy had wanted to say something--had wanted to warn her mother about this man and his vile habits, though she knew not how to explain what had happened to her or why he had done it. But one look at that money had silenced her just as sure as the day is long. Hulton Brim was hear to stay, and Daisy would just have to learn how to live with him.
In truth, living with him was not so bad--at first. At first he kept a distance. The man seemed utterly devoted to the charts and miniature telescopes he had brought with him in a second bag. Some nights he just stayed up and watched the stars. The view from the countryside is unmatched, unpolluted by smog or dust.
He kept away from Lady (perhaps her underdeveloped body did not interest him) and only spoke to Agatha once per day in the early morning when they ate breakfast at the same table and when, Daisy noted with mute horror, he eyed her body openly.
Ma had seen him looking once, hadn't she? Daisy could have sworn she saw! He had been eyeing her pale breasts (still topless, though she had started wearing a bra while indoors) as he ate a plate of bacon and eggs before washing it down with fresh milk. And Ma had glanced over and seen what he'd seen, had traced his eyes with her eyes.
And she had said nothing.
Thoughts cloudy, Daisy sneaked away one day when she should have been collecting unfertilized eggs from the henhouse with her elder sister. Leaving Lady to do the chores was so unlike her that she wondered if she was becoming a different person.
Down by the planter's fields and away from the hills was a narrow ravine where a gravelbed had formed long ago and was now awash with the sidewinding river which cut from their neighbors property into and across the 77 Acres and rode it for some nineteen acres before vanishing off into the distance. Here was a special place with crawdads and swirly flies and little fish that nibbled at your toes when you stood in the deep end with your sleeves rolled up. Here was where she and Lady and Lyle had played as children, innocent and fearless in the way that fools often are. Here was where she had hoped to hide.
She poked at the river and swatted the crawdads with their dull red pincers away. She sat on a low-hanging branch offered by a mighty willow and reclined in the shade, mind and heart racing.
She was naked except for her work boots, her breasts hung lower than when they were supported by her bra. Her thighs glistened in the sunlight as droplets of water dried against her cool pale skin. She ran a finger through her brown locks, curling and uncurling, thinking and unthinking the events of the past few days. To think, she had celebrated her eighteenth birthday just a few weeks back. She had been happy, happy! to start again now that she was a little older. And she had been looking forward to adulthood so badly... How had things gone so wrong?
She plucked a leaf and crumpled it into a ball and threw it in the river. Daisy watched it float away, then threw another. This one was caught against a stick and did not escape.
"This is a good spot, lots of privacy," said an all-too-familiar voice.
Nearly falling out of the tree, she stiffened in fear as Hulton approached. He glided across the leafy undergrowth like a wraith before crossing the river without rolling up his pantlegs or anything.
Dear listener, at times like these it is easy to imagine a fight or a scuffle or perhaps a few choice threats being uttered. But indeed, sometimes life goes on without any fuss.
When Daisy remembered that first day and how strong he had been and how much money he had brought them, all the energy left her body and she lay on the willow branch like laundry drying in the sun. There was nothing to do, nowhere to run to.
Here she would stay, no matter what.
"I should bring my telescope down here later. I was a bit worried because of the water and the humidity, but I bet we can see some great stars. Do you want to see some stars, Daisy?"
Daisy stared back and her face could have taught some tribal masks a thing or too.
"Maybe we got off on the wrong foot." Hulton stepped closer. "I think we should get along, don't you?" He drew closer. "I'm not your real dad, and I'm not dating Mrs. Pedigree or anything." Even closer. "But I think you and I can still share a special father-daughter relationship, don't you?" Closer still. "What do you say Daisy? Can I comb your hair?"
That last question threw her for a loop. She had nodded and, a few minutes later, found herself sitting on his lap in the middle of the river with a thin comb passing back and forth through her thick head of hair.
"This is nice," he said, almost absentmindedly. Though his crotch was situated directly beneath her naked rump, she didn't feel anything poking her. What had that strange object been, she wondered?
"Did you use to come here a lot? Maybe as a kid?"
"Yes... Me and my friends. We loved playing in the rivers."
"River, singular. Not rivers."
"Right." Daisy closed her eyes. That somehow made her feel better, more in control.
"What did you do for fun?"
Daisy thought about that. There was no way an older man like him could understand the games they used to play. It'd be better to keep it simple.
"We played sticks."
"Sticks?"
As if to demonstrate, Daisy stood up and grabbed a thick branch from the ground. She held it up high like a weapon.
"I'm Sir Daisy the Knight, and this is my sword." She swished it around, gave a few experimental jabs to some invisible enemy. Her breasts flopped around with every dramatized movement.
"Very good," Hulton observed.
"Do you want to play sticks?" Part of her hoped he'd say no and leave her in peace. The other part hoped he'd say yes, so she could show him that there was more to her than her body and that, if he just gave it a shot, they could get along without playing those weird touching games that kept replaying in her mind over and over again while she tried to sleep.
"I know a different game, a better game."
---
In the early morning by the river, as Lady gathered eggs and Agatha sat alone in her dimly lit bedroom, Daisy Pedigree knelt naked against the riverbank with her eyes shut and tongue extended.
"OK, now guess what this is," Hulton said again.
"Ah-kay," Daisy mumbled through a mouthful of tongue.
Her vision was totally dark. Her ears only replayed the sound of the bubbling river streaming on repeat. The only sensation she could focus on was taste, small wonder it was called the "tasting game."
Hulton Brim had explained that the tasting game was a game all kids played in his hometown. The rules were simple: The older player grabbed all sorts of delicious treats for the younger player to taste. If the younger player guessed right, they won.
Although not the competitive sort, Daisy wanted to win. If only to show that man what a canny country girl could accomplish all by her lonesome.
"Here it comes."
She felt something small and hard and round--no, cylindrical--press against her tongue. The pressure vanished as Hulton's finger lifted, leaving only a sweet piece of... something... atop her tongue.
"You can swallow this one. Be gentle."
She rolled the mysterious shape back into her mouth and swallowed it dutifully. The taste was somewhere between a lemon and chocolate. She had never had something so good in her entire life.
"I'm waiting."
"Hey no fair, give me a minute!" Daisy protested, but she knew it was hopeless. The last three items had been impossible to guess (a sweet "choco puff," a ball of rice, and a stick of gum, respectively). This fourth treat would be no different.
"Time's up," Hulton laughed. "It's a lemon puff."
Daisy grumbled and complained but was just happy that he wasn't touching her all over. She had feared that he would grab her breasts the second she closed her eyes, but so far he had taken mercy on her.
"Let's try something new. Open your mouth, tongue out. Good girl. Now, don't bite or chew or anything." She heard the sound of a zipper being undone, then a muffled thump as something hit the ground. "Just lick it."
Wondering what new treat he had pulled from his bag of tricks, Daisy sat with her arms braced beneath her heaving breasts and waited for this new stimulus.
Something heavy pressed against her tongue. So heavy! No wonder he had said NOT to swallow, there was no way it would fit in her mouth.
"Come on, at least try to lick it."
She did so, her little pink tongue flicking across the unseen treat slowly at first, exploring every angle and tasting every nook and cranny. The first thing she noticed was that there were actually two treats wrapped in a thin sack, one felt a little larger than the other. Both were salty yet otherwise tasteless, she couldn't feel any trace of candy or cream.
Her tongue danced across the weighty snacks. Amazingly, they seemed to contract or shudder with every lick! What kind of snack reacted to you snacking on it?
"Any guesses?"
"Nah..." she muttered, tongue gliding across Hulton's gift as she struggled to speak.
"OK. Try swallowing it but again, NO chewing."
That was a hard trick, Daisy decided. It was no mean feat to swallow something this big without using her teeth, but she'd try.
Fitting one of the snacks inside her mouth was child's play, fitting two in took some extra effort. Finally she had them both inside and her cheeks bulged like a squirrel.
She waited for Hulton to say something, but only heard him breathing as though winded.
"Mish-tur Hull-tahn?" she croaked. Her tongue waggled from side to side, at times, struggling to keep the big snack from popping out of her mouth.
"Ahh... Ahh... Good girl, keep playing," he said, oddly quiet. She heard something else too, another sound against the backdrop of the flowing river. It was like sandpaper being rubbed against wood.
"Am I doo-ing a ghud jobbe?" Daisy asked. She hated this position, her face lifted skywards and mouth hanging open like a slackjawed idiot. But the tasty gift had piqued her interest and it seemed like Hulton was having fun too.
"Yes, you're so good Daisy. Mm, you're such a good girl." The smacking sound continued and increased in frequency. She felt the two snacks bounce around in her mouth as they sometimes grew heavier, then lighter.
She could take it no longer. Risking a peek, Daisy cracked open one eye to get a quick look at whatever it was Hulton was feeding to her.
What she saw was a fleshy appendage unlike anything she'd seen in her life.
It towered above her, a massive girthy rod of pale flesh topped with a pink crown and gripped by five fingers which slid across its slimy surface at a breakneck speed. Attached to the bottom of this weird limb was a hanging sack which, Daisy realized, was lying directly in her mouth. She had accidentally swallowed a part of Hulton's body! And he was actually enjoying it.
"Oh Daisy, daddy loves it when his little girl pl-plays games," he moaned. Daisy watched, utterly perplexed and beyond the point of understanding. "Are you ready to taste something really good?"
She shut her eyes just before he looked down at her. The meaty sack left her mouth, and she opened and closed her mouth to lessen the tension in her jaws. A trail of spittle linked the tip of her tongue to his sack before breaking in two.
Against her better judgment, she stuck out her tongue again one last time.
Something pressed against her tongue, forcefully. It wasn't as heavy as the sack but it still weighed quite a bit more than a choco puff. It slid back and forth across her tongue, sometimes pressing inside her mouth, but mostly playing against the tip like a nervous home intruder wavering in the doorway.
"Say you want it."
"I want it." She hesitated. "I guess."
"Again. Tell me you want to taste my special cream."
Cream? Was she going to get some candy after all?
"I want it. I want it real bad." The thing was sliding and beating against her tongue even faster, as if her every word inspired it to hurry. "Let me taste it already!"
"Fuck. Yes." He let out a low groan, like an engine releasing excess steam.
"Hey, language!" Daisy chided, opening both eyes.
She saw Hulton still standing above her, this time with his appendage placed firmly against the tip of her tongue. When he saw her staring he gripped her tongue by pinching it between his forefinger and thumb.
Then, he began shooting cream.
She stayed motionless, confused once again. She saw his hips shaking, his rod moving closer and then further away, and then closer again. It was like the time when he touched her above the wildflowers, only stranger.
Strangest of all was the white pungent liquid shooting down her throat. She could actually see it out of the corner of her eye as it splatted against her pink tongue, nearly every shot landing precisely where Hulton had aimed but a few stray ropes traveling further than intended.
He held her very still as he groaned and whispered her name while his face flushed and his rod kept twitching again and again until it stopped. The taste was bad but not awful. The feeling was... Strange.
"Fuck, you're such a good cumslut," he cursed again.
He held her like that for a bit, tongue pulled straight like a party popper while his cum rolled down and into her mouth. Then he gripped his rod with one hand and smacked it against her forehead, leaving behind little stains that hardened against her skin and brown hair.
He kept smacking her even as she began to cough and sputter, ultimately hacking up the strange cream he had fed her. She didn't know what cum was but she couldn't stand swallowing it, it was too foreign to her tastebuds. Hulton laughed when she spat a huge wad that trailed from her lips and hung in midair before dropping into the river, leaving ripples in its wake.
She watched the wad of creamy phlegm wash away down the river where Lady had taught her how to swim.
Daisy felt sick to her stomach. Despite all the conflict inside, she was learning to ignore her worries and just accept the situation as-is. The sun still rose in the morning, the hens still laid their eggs, and it seemed that the only change to her everyday life was the occasional prank from a mean older man.
She wiped her lips and watched Hulton walk away with his trousers slung over his shoulders. He was learning to be prioritize comfort and personal satisfaction over everything else.
After all, the farm was quite remote indeed. What could anyone do to stop him?
---
We'll end our story in the dead of night, on the seventh day, when Daisy slept in her bunk bed with Lady sleeping peacefully above her.
Daisy hadn't bothered to tell Ma or Lady about the games Mr. Brim had played with her or the way he pinched her behind or slapped her tits whenever they happened across one another in the woods or behind the barn. She hadn't told them about the time she saw him stroking his rod, his "cock" he had called it, all while pointing it in the direction of Ma's sock drawer. And she hadn't said a word when she caught him staring at Lady, half-clothed, as she showered alongside the cows in the rain.
He wanted them, and he had them. She had seen her mother some money every now and again. This morning, she had taken a stack of bills much larger than any previous payment.
Maybe his rent had gone up. Maybe he'd run out of money and leave soon.
Her happy thoughts were extinguished when she felt a firm hand press against her thigh, then another stroke her stomach.
"Shush now," said Hulton.
Disappointed, Daisy nodded in the gloom.
She could still hear Lady snoring, so she was not too worried when he started fondling her through her nightshirt and pressing his knee between her thighs. When he pulled out his, his cock, she rolled her eyes and waited for him to paint her sheets with cream.
Instead, he spider-climbed over her until his rod rested against her lips.
"Suck it," he said, not even whispering.
"What? Now?"
"You heard me. Be a good girl." His eyes glinted in the moonlight with something approaching malice.
Daisy groaned. This man was getting to be too much.
She swallowed his member and glared at him as he kept pushing it further and further down her throat, inch by merciless inch. Her look of disgust faded away to a neutral doll-like expression when he started facefucking her.
As always, she attempted to retreat into her happy place as he used her like a living sex toy. Eyes glazed over, mouth slack and drooling, Daisy found it easy to turn her brain off and relax even in stressful situations. Lady's snores mixed with the sound of frantic breathing and a creaking bedframe.
"Good slut, good slut," Hulton muttered. He had grabbed two handfuls of hair and used them like handlebars as he directed her to keep sucking. His balls slapped against her chin rhythmically. His head swelled inside her throat.
Each movement made a sound as her saliva began to overflow and coat his dick in a thin layer of slime. The shlicking sound seemed to echo in her quiet shared bedroom, seemed to roll down the halls and fill the entire farmhouse as if this moment were all that truly mattered--him fucking her mouth, and her taking it with a smile.
Daisy grimaced. She saw his lips pucker, felt his cock twitch inside her. He was close to dumping his load.
"Deeper, suck it deeper."
She shook her eyes if not her head. 'No I can't,' her eyes pleaded.
"Do it."
She resisted ever so slightly, not caring if he came down her throat but hoping she might not choke while doing so.
Her body arched as he abused her relentlessly. She gripped the blankets for support, dragged cloth across the bedsheets as her head bobbed back and forth along his grotesque cock which had become the reoccurring reminder of her powerlessness in her own home. And still he fucked her.
"Do it or I'll make Lady suck me. I'll fuck her tiny tits too. You think you have it bad, slut? How would you like to watch me do her from behind? Do you know where babies come from? Did your Pa ever give you The Talk about the birds and the bees?" he yanked his cock free, giving her a chance to gasp for air, fresh air!
"Well, do you? I'll tell you how. When a man fucks a whore in her cunt and fills her up, she makes a baby. Do you want Lady to be a mommy, huh? Do you want a niece or a nephew?"
Daisy stared. Unthinkingly, silently, she took his cock in her hands and swallowed it of her own volition. Eyes downcast, she took it as deep as she could--deeper even than before. Her lips pressed against his stomach.
Sweet Daisy had swallowed his cock all the way to the base.
"Look at me."
She looked up at him, eyes watery. She had no power. She was no better than the livestock grazing out in the fields.
Minutes passed before she realized that the bedroom had gone strangely quiet. Lady had stopped snoring.
"Fuck yes, good girl. Good 'daughter,' mmm..." Hulton slammed against her repeatedly, moaning with appreciation as her tongue swirled around his slick cock. The musky scent was overwhelming and made her nostrils sting. His hands tugged her hair too roughly, making her scalp throb. And through it all he kept humping her lips like a wild animal.
At the moment of climax, Daisy's eye darted to the side.
She saw a ghost-white face flipped upside down and staring at her, watching with intense interest. Lady glanced at her face, Hulton's cock, her thighs, and finally lingered on her naked breasts which heaved with every movement.
Lady licked her lips.
Daisy began to cry, not a pretty cry like in the movies but an unceasing stream of tears and snot and racking sobs. She felt betrayed. Suffering his abuses was one thing, but knowing that Lady knew was too much. She had seen her.
She had seen her!
As Daisy sobbed on his cock, Hulton gripped the back of her head and held her in place as he emptied load after load down her gullet. He positively drooled as his balls lightened with each shot and his cock twitched atop her tongue like a snake awakening from a deep sleep. Finally he pulled away, tearing himself from her lips as though they were two magnets with opposite charges. His final two orgasms were aimed at her face. One sticky rope landed on her cheek just below a teary eye. The other missed and dribbled across her fat tits.
"No more games," she sniffed. "Not unless we're alone."
Hulton shook his head and beat his cock against her trembling lips. So rosy, so pink. Such a fine young woman.
"Sorry," he said, and some part of him might have meant it. "I get what I paid for."
He left after dressing himself. As he went down the hall in the dark, Daisy heard him bump into Ma who must have been headed for the bathroom.
The two passed each other and Mrs. Agatha Pedigree appeared in the dark doorway seconds later.
"Ma," Daisy said, wiping her tears. Semen flashed white against her face and bare breasts, though she wasn't sure if Ma could see it in the darkness.
Mrs. Pedigree hesitated, then closed the door.
"Go to sleep Daisy," a voice on the other side commanded.
Her tears subsiding, her heart shrinking and growing stronger like a muscle, Daisy fell asleep and tried to ignore the labored breathing coming from the bed just four feet above her head.
---
Maybe that's where we'll leave it for tonight. It's a good ol' tale for hard folk and lonesome men, as I said prior, and I can see that your marshmallows are right burnt. If you have a complaint please speak up now, we have a long ride ahead of us and I won't hear any bellyaching while we cross the wonderful vistas that await you and I with open arms.
That being said, please water your horses and say a little prayer.