Debbie is a blond, late thirties, confident, attractive female. She is very intelligent and, as a Lawyer, becomes a Partner in a Practice in the City of London.
She is shapely and generously breasted with narrow waist, broad hips and shoulders, a bum to die for and curvaceous womanly legs. Her skin is a blemish free honey cream.
She is married to David although the marriage is now open and they have two children living at home.
In temporarily moving to Norfolk, she becomes involved with Ray and Lyn the village artists/photographers/movie makers and is led by various stratagems into the world of Ray's pornographic movies where she becomes a leading and willing participant. She is able to keep this life separate from her family and professional lives but the promise of erotic excitement intermittently tempts her back to Norfolk for some very sensual and sexy adventures.
*********
Debbie could now acknowledge this one indisputable fact - Lyn had given her a unique and precious insight into her own previously frustrated sexuality. She would never have sought out the experiences provided for her but once they were offered, and she had no choice but to participate or be destroyed, she was fully committed. There was no shame but there was a great deal of pleasure as she gratified her long-held desires through her performances in Pornography in the safe environment of Ray's Studio.
She had no hatred for Lyn regarding the blackmail but had grown to like and understand her. Some women were simply obsessed with their own passions, sometimes to the point of mania. She, of all people, could now recognise this and the experience had made her stronger and more self-aware. With trusted like-
minded friends she would in future regard such sexual exploration and pleasuring as her right.
She had learnt from Lyn to keep this aspect of her life totally separate from family. She still loved David and the kids and badly wanted to restore the old life and her career. But ... there would always be a need that she must satisfy emotionally as much as physically. She would simply need to take great care that the two sides of her life would never intrude one on the other.
At last, her career took off again and she was earning serious money. She had bought a lovely old Victorian vicarage in a village near St. Albans but it was agreed that she and David would keep the cottage in Norfolk for their own private use away from family and their usual circle of friends and colleagues. They both felt unable to break the exotic bond with their new-found community.
As they were settling into their new house a message came from Lyn inviting her to visit for a long summer week-end and meet up with old friends - David could babysit the kids. He was not overly delighted at missing out on the potential delights of Norfolk but he wanted to give Debbie the freedom to enjoy herself. Their relationship and the kids were paramount - nothing must be allowed to fracture the family. Although David was, for the present, monogamous, he was prepared to accept the odd extra-marital fling on Debbie's part. Aware that his wife was enjoying unknowable pleasures elsewhere while still showing desire for him made his appetite more acute and the love making had become very exciting and extremely satisfying.
**
As Debbie drove into the soft summer green of Norfolk in her new powder blue open top that old familiar anticipation of pleasuring began to warm her. She picked a quiet country lane to pull in under protective shading trees to change into something more appropriate to her Norfolk persona. Off came her demure Mum dress and her underwear and she stood naked on the leaf covered floor feeling the gentle cooling breeze play over her warm body. She imagined Gregor, one of her old partners in porn, as a gamekeeper discovering her in the wood and leant back on the warm bonnet of the car, closed her eyes and gave herself a delightful cum with her fingers.
She wanted more. Pouring herself into a pair of very skinny jeans and a tight white T shirt she slipped on a pair of white Nikes, lifted her vanity case from the boot and made up her face and hair in classic porn style as she had been taught by Lyn. Going commando, the tight fit of her jeans around her crotch and arse left absolutely nothing to the imagination. Without a bra and being heavily breasted the T shirt displayed it all and the profile of her swollen nipples, proud and defiant, were splendidly on show beneath the thin material.
Look at me ... I am offering myself ... I want you to lust after me ... I am shameless.
Stopping at a petrol station she thought it best to slip on her Oakley's just in case she might be recognised. Of course, she attracted attention both male and female. A couple of white van men asked her if she wanted to give them an hour of her time in the next lay-by. The builders in the truck in front of her whistled and shouted even louder as she deliberately thrust her tight clad denim arse directly towards them when she stretched a little too much to fill the petrol tank. She only became a little anxious when her bum was touched up from behind at the cheque out and she quickly switched queues. The obese and hairy bloke at the till was so repulsively leering at her tits that Debbie felt it best to extract herself as soon as possible. After pulling away from the forecourt she checked that she wasn't being followed and began to relax again. Perhaps her little exhibition wasn't such a good idea after all!!
She called in at the cottage to drop off her stuff and promptly drove over to the farm. It was hot and close and Debbie was glad to feel the cooling breeze in the open top. Lyn was waiting for her and they embraced:
"Hello love - Look at you! What a trollope - I can't wait!"
"Wonderful to see you darling. Missed you lots. I wanted to impress you. What have you got planned?"
"Well first honey you need to experience our new addition!"
Lyn took her around to the outbuildings at the end of the courtyard. Built within one of the small barns was a prefabricated suite of two pine clad rooms. The first was a changing room with a large walk-in shower, jacuzzi and massage table and the second leading off from the changing room was a sauna.
"All the way from Sweden honey - Ray only finished it last week!"
"It's gorgeous. What a clever hubby - is he around?"
"On a shoot in Germany love - he was sorry to miss you but business calls - hope he doesn't dip his dick into the girls over there. Poor old dear. He's still as horny as an old goat. You know he had a real thing about you. Couldn't get him out of the studio when he was editing your movies. He still watches them when he thinks I'm not looking."
Debbie laughed - with a shudder she remembered the masked man with the stimulant fuelled, iron hard prick.
"Now, let's forget those men dear. Time to break open the bubbly and get you naked in the sauna! Come to Mother."
Lyn drew Debbie close to her and lifted the T shirt above her head.
"Those wonderful tits and where's that luscious pussy?"
Debbie slipped off her shoes and peeled down her jeans before showing herself proudly to Lyn.
"Honey, you are still absolutely gorgeous. I have a present for you."
Lyn conjured from nowhere a small red ribbon tied package and gave it to Debbie.
"Just for you - a gift from us both. We wanted to share the royalties with you."
Inside was a very fine, beautifully crafted, pure hall marked silver chain with a small clasp.
"I want you to wear it around your waist when you are alone and naked and want to fuck yourself - a little bit of decadence from your friends."
Lyn took it from her and carefully passed it around Debbie's waist before locking the clasp. The chain sat nicely on her hips.
"When you put it on you will always remember your "education"".
Debbie turned and looked at herself in the mirror that covered one of the walls.
"Oh. Lyn it must be so expensive - it's wonderful - but really."
Lyn undressed and before entering the sauna she prepared a cordial bubbly mix which Debbie remembered as an aphrodisiacal "aperitif" given to her before a shoot. Lyn was obviously planning something but wasn't telling!
This was the first time Debbie had seen Lyn nude. She was one glorious woman. Large breasted, broad hipped, firm bum, thickening a little around the waist but with toned arms and legs. Skin golden with freckles everywhere. Light brown nipples and, amazingly, a golden ring hanging from her cunt and clearly visible through the sandy bush between her thighs!
Both women carried their ruby filled crystal glasses and settled into the sauna facing each other on the side benches with the coals in the centre. Soon both bodies were glistening in the low light and, for comfort, both women spread their limbs. There were no towels to protect their modesty and no attempt to be decorous. Debbie felt her labia begin to swell and open under the stimulants coursing through her body and Lyn just smiled and slowly passed her fingers languidly backwards and forwards across her nipples.
Lyn began the conversation:
"Who are you fucking at the moment?"
"David of course - who else??"
"Would you like somebody else - a treat for the week-end?"
"No!! I'm a happily married woman!!"
"Does he suck your pussy or your arse?"
"Oh Lyn ... With husbands we make love. It's not the sexual Olympics!!"
Lyn changed the subject.
"Let's go to the jacuzzi."
Both women lowered themselves into the enervating water. Debbie was becoming aroused as the water swirled around her. She sensed that Lyn wanted something from her and she now felt inclined to give her an opportunity:
"So, my dear, what's the plan for tonight?"
Lyn began her stratagem:
"Well, honey, we have two very special guests for dinner who have a particular interest in your lovely self."
Debbie was intrigued but sufficiently amused to play Lyn's game:
"Male or female?"
Lyn bounced back:
"Male lovey. Aren't you the lucky one?"
Debbie began to warm to the game:
"Young or old?"
"One is very young and one is very old!!"
"Have I met them before?"
"One yes - the other no. No more questions now. We need to get dry and I want some assurances from you before we go any further."
The women towelled themselves dry, slipped on two of Lyn's lush white robes and strolled languorously arm in arm across the yard and into the cool of the house.
Lyn went to the great dresser in the kitchen and collected from the lower cabinet a shiny maroon leather briefcase and laid it on the large scrubbed table. She deftly flicked the catches and the lid slowly opened to reveal neatly bound wads of crisp new £50.00 notes.
Lyn explained:
"This is from Robert. You remember him "The Lord of the Manor"?"
Debbie nodded.
"There's £10,000 here and it's all for you."
Debbie was astounded.
"I don't understand??"
Lyn continued:
"Robert's son Edward was 23 years old last month and he has never had a real girlfriend. He hasn't managed a single fuck!! He takes after his bloody Mother - too stuck up and aristocratic, and the awful public school - say no more! Robert wants him looked after by a loving mature woman who knows what she's about - you understand don't you? He doesn't want to use a prostitute and degrade or embarrass the boy. In short, he wants you and is prepared to pay. It would happen over the next three days if you are willing?"
Debbie felt for a seat and sat down.
"It needs to be kept between you, me and Robert. The boy needs to believe you want him ...
I've kept the guest wing free. There's the four-poster, the jacuzzi in the en-suite and the private pool. A proper little love nest!! If you agree Robert and Edward will come to dinner tonight with us both - the caterers are all set - and you can take it from there. Robert will return to the Manor after the meal and you can hand Edward back on Monday evening!"
Debbie's brain was racing. The offer of money was very timely. She still held a flame for Phil, her old lover in New Zealand, although a return to their previous intimacies was out of the question. He had rung her a week before with shocking news - he was recovering from a stroke and was partially disabled. He was so young but all those long-haul flights to Aus' and the Far East had taken their toll. He wanted money for specialist remedial therapy in the States - could she help? Debbie badly wanted to give him some funds but her finances were now as one with David - it would be impossible to hide the payments. This was heaven sent and she had been fucked by so many men and women while filming for Lyn and Ray, would one more really make any difference?
Lyn was waiting for an answer.
Debbie plunged in:
"Yes - I'll do it but no photography, no videos, and no third parties - please Lyn?"
"Of course, lovey. I'll ring Robert and get it all in motion. We have just under two hours to prepare. I've got your wardrobe for the week-end - no undies to worry about - I can't wait!!"
Debbie gave her the look and Lyn laughed and led her to the guest wing.
****
Debbie was as ready as she could be. Clinging red mini - mid thigh with broad tight waist band and close-fitting sheer lifting her breasts with all the cleavage on show through the transparency but nipples just covered by embroidered floral. Bum and tits free to flow and sway and be caressed. Leg tone highlighted by high nude strappy heels. Nails as usual in cherry pink offset against creamy flesh to match her dress. Hair up with matching lipstick and delicate golden choker - not overdone - well - just a little!
When Robert's car pulled into the courtyard both girls with Lyn demure for once, went out to greet the men. Debbie was pleasantly surprised by Edward - tall, dark, well built and well dressed in open neck white shirt and Chinos. As she lent into Robert to kiss him on the cheek he whispered in her ear:
"If only it could be me my darling."
Debbie smiled politely and turned to Edward for the introduction. She had clearly made an impression. He strained to keep his eyes from dropping to her chest. She could not imagine what Robert had told him but that was not her concern. Her job was to get him gently into bed with as little artifice as possible and without overdoing the femme fatale - this would take all of her skills.
Over aperitifs they all chatted and Debbie was keen to relax Edward. What were his plans. University and the family business - how interesting. For down time - the house in Bermuda, sailing, water skiing, reading. What subjects? Classics, Titian, Masaccio, Florence. Debbie was on home territory. Have you visited? Only once very briefly with my Aunt. Oh, I would love to show you my favourites - the Uffizi, the chapels, the frescos, etc, etc. An intellectual bond was established.
She passed her arm through his as they walked to the table on the terrace. Lyn and Robert deliberately pursued their own conversations. As he pulled the chair back for her and she moved behind him she deliberately stroked the tips of her breasts across his back. She also ensured that when she was seated, he would get a prime view of her exposed thighs.
She was confident in her strategy but when over dinner he turned the conversation unexpectedly to her background she was wrong footed. Where did she live? What was her job? Any boyfriend? What could she say? She sensed Lyn and Robert pause and listen.
"I live in London and I teach law." ... she instinctively gave herself an alternative life grounded in her real experience. This was just as well given that Edward followed up with a number of surprisingly technical questions regarding her specialisms which she was able to parry successfully. Once she had killed off the boyfriend discussion by inventing a fictional relationship with an older man gone wrong the hum of conversation from Lyn and Robert resumed.
Edward was sweet in his interest regarding her. He apologised for touching a nerve and she used this to elaborate her story - she was ready for another relationship - she enjoyed the company of men - their humour and their physicality (... a bold move this) - but after her previous experience she was looking for someone younger and more energetic (... an even bolder move which she followed up with a touching of thighs).
It was dusk but still warm and close as they walked out alone into the garden after coffee. Debbie judged that it was time:
"Edward - could you kiss me?"
She looked up into his face and offered her lips.
He reacted positively and he was very tender and actually rather good as he feathered her lips. Debbie was beginning to enjoy herself and with relief she began to feel him harden on her stomach. Thank the fuck!
Her enthusiasm transmitted itself to Edward and soon their embrace became passionate. She felt for his hand and she spread his palm across her soft sheer covered breast. He began to gently squeeze and she whispered in his ear.
"Find my nipple with your fingers. That's good. Lift and caress me. That's lovely. Listen to my breathing. When I breathe deeply go firmer. If I quieten then try another way. Can you feel me harden to your touch? Slowly - gently there is no rush."
Debbie shivered with her first delicate orgasm. Lyn's secret potions were working.
"Did you feel my body tremor?"
Edward nodded.
"When you feel me like that then go with me - harder or softer - follow my responses. That's the way women like it."
Lyn appeared as if from nowhere.
"Come on you love birds. Time for bed. Father's gone home and I'm tired. Come to the kitchen tomorrow when you're ready for some food."
Debbie unwrapped herself from Edward and took his hand. They walked to the suite which had been turned down ready for them. Lights were dim and bottles of fizz and Lyn's cordial sat on the dresser. Debbie asked Edward to open a bottle and pour two glasses while she went to the bathroom. Before they toasted the week-end she added a little cordial to each glass.
Debbie guided him to the bed:
"Kiss me again. Use your tongue on my lips ... gently ... umm. Search for my tongue ... lovely."
"Lower my dress - it's Ok - slowly - that's good"
Debbie's breasts escaped from the sheer and Edward gasped in awe:
"You're magnificent!"
Debbie smiled and lifted one of her breasts offering the tip to Edward:
"Kiss me - just there - yes - circle my nipple with your tongue - harder - perfect."
She used her fingers to stretch and distend the tip and make it more prominent for him. She breathed deeply and he responded by quickening his pace.
"Nip it with your lips ... oh Christ ... yes, don't stop."
Debbie shook and he went faster - she shook again before gently releasing him from her. This was wonderful.
"Now it's my turn"
She knelt before him and removed his loafers and reached for his belt and lowered his trousers and pants as one. He was hard. She had barely taken him in her fingers when he came with an almighty rush. Her hands were covered in white sticky cum.
"Oh my ... I'm so sorry ... I couldn't stop."
She smiled knowingly to re-assure him and went to wash. He was already dressed again when she returned and very red faced.
"Honey you are a wonderful lover you can't leave me now!"
He was embarrassed but she was able to forestall his escape by being firm:
"Undress and lay on the bed."
He obeyed without argument.
"Let's get you ready again."
She turned her back and wriggled from her dress. Naked now apart from the choker and her heels she spread her legs and knelt over him. She took his hand and placed it in her crotch.
"Feel how wet you've made me"
She could see his prick begin to stir and bent forward to caress it with her lips and tongue. It tasted of summer delight.
Within seconds he was ready again and she moved astride him and took it between her fingers and inserted him into her.
"Hold on for as long as you can but let me know when you are ready."
She began to slowly move her hips - running his cock up and down her cunt. He felt good to Debbie. Broader than David but nowhere near the girth or length of Lyn's black studs. She could see he was losing the battle and she quickly thrust her way to their first collective orgasm. Maybe it was his age or maybe it was Lyn's cordial but she could feel him throb as he burst into her and she was amazed at the copious quantity as she cleaned up in the bidet.
He was laying blissfully still with eyes closed on the bed.
"Wake up. I want to teach you something"
She knelt astride him with her cunt over his face. She parted the lips of her vulva with her fingers.
"Can you see a small nipple in the front of my pussy."
She felt for it with her forefinger.
"Here - look"
She took his finger and placed it there.
"When I lower myself on to you can you feel for it with your tongue?"
Debbie lowered herself gently holding when she felt his chin brush the damp strands of her pubic hair.
"Oh yes - slowly - a little firmer - wonderful - you're getting good - a little faster - circle around it in a figure of 8 - push it - push it - don't stop - please don't stop."
He gave her the biggest rush of the night so far.
She rewarded him by turning him on to all fours and bringing him off while slipping her lubricated forefinger into his anus to stimulate his prostate. That made him empty himself double quick.
She giggled naughtily. Another trick from Lyn.
"Come on lets swim"
They strolled out naked to the small pool hand in hand. The patio was lit and the pool was illuminated a deep blue. They sipped fizz and swam a little.
Debbie whispered:
"How do you like it?"
Edward was in fantasy land:
"I never dreamt it could be anything like this. I want to show you off to all my friends. What would they say? I'd love to see their faces when they saw you. They would be green with envy. I love you and want to marry you. Then we can do this every night!!"
She smiled and mounted him in the water locking her thighs around his waist. Of course, he was ready again although, for the present, ejaculation, was beyond him. That suited Debbie. She would work him until she was satisfied.
"Let's sleep baby - tomorrow is another day"
Debbie would never remember the number of couplings in the four-poster in the night but she was a little relieved when she was able to shower and then slip on a pair of skinny jeans and a semi-transparent crop top from Lyn's week-end wardrobe before walking over barefoot to the house with Edward for breakfast. She felt she had earned her money already and they had only just begun!!
*****
"Well look at you two."
Lyn was preparing fruit and muesli and eggs and bacon were sizzling on the Aga. She must have been keeping a look-out.
"Both of you are glowing."
... Debbie had to admit to herself that she was, in truth, extremely "glowing". She had trained Edward to give her exactly what she wanted and when he had taken the initiative it still seemed to work. Once they had got over his first premature difficulty there had been no mis-steps or awkwardness. So far it had been extremely enjoyable.
Edward was clearly more confident having established his manhood but was still, understandably, a little withdrawn with Lyn. Events took a surprising turn when Lyn asked about their plans for the day. It was going to be another hot one.
Edward took the lead with Debbie:
"Can I buy you lunch in Norwich? We could also visit the latest exhibition at the NUA?"
Debbie was surprised. She had expected they would spend the week-end at the farm. Then she warmed to the idea but what could she wear? The deal excluded her own clothes. She was wearing the only outfit given to her that could not be described as extremely rude. Even then with her semi-transparent top a walk around Norwich was unthinkable. When Edward went back for a swim she appealed to Lyn.
"Honey, Robert was adamant. We can't risk it. I know he works in town on Saturdays. Look try this."
Lyn whipped off her silk shawl and draped it over Debbie's shoulders. Debbie stood in front of the mirror. If she clutched it over her chest then there was only a glimpse of her tits through the translucent material under each arm. It would have to do. There were a pair of pumps back in the annex. She would wear those.
Debbie let Edward drive the soft top - another first - a flash car with a beautiful blond by your side.
Then it happened - the first event in a very memorable day.
Flashing blue lights appeared in Edwards rear view mirror and Debbie told him to pull over. The Police Officer walked to the driver's side. Debbie had removed her shawl for the journey - it was sitting in the boot!!
"May I see your driving licence please sir. Is this your vehicle?"
Edward scrabbled around - of course he had no licence!!
Debbie intervened in her lawyer's voice:
"Officer, the car is mine. Can you tell me what the problem is?"
"This vehicle Miss was recorded driving at 45mph in a 30mph zone 5 miles back."
Debbie saw the Officer glance down at her chest.
"Could you please come with me Miss. I will take your details first and then I will interview the lad."
Debbie, despite her confident exterior, knew she was severely compromised. She got out of the car and followed the officer. Her tits were on show and he would take all her personal details. This was serious. Edward would end up in court for driving with no licence. She would be in the same fix because her insurance would be knowingly invalid. Indecent exposure could easily be added to the list. Robert would be mortified, Lyn severely embarrassed and she would be struck off. She could only see one way out - she would have to chance it.
As Edward waited nervously in the car, he frequently looked in the rear-view mirror to check on progress. Debbie was sitting in the front passenger seat with the officer going through the details. After about ten minutes he was concerned when Debbie disappeared although the officer was still in the car. He was relieved when, a few minutes later, she re-appeared again. Finally, she got out and to Edward's surprise the police car pulled out and accelerated hard down the road towards Norwich.
Debbie was brusque:
"Move over - I'm driving!"
All was quiet for a few minutes before Debbie, now calmer, spoke soothingly to Edward:
"Lovey, this will be our secret, you understand don't you! Nobody must know - not your father, not Lyn, not your friends - nobody. There will be no charges - he's let us off. Now let's enjoy ourselves. We'll stop at this hotel and get a coffee."
Before ordering Debbie went to the Ladies to freshen up. She returned shawl in place, hair freshly brushed and make-up renewed. The coffee and cake were lovely. The thrill she inevitably got from living on the extreme edge of a particularly vertiginous cliff had sharpened her appetite.
***
Norwich was hot and sticky. Edward insisted on walking up to the market place with his arm around Debbie's shoulder. She was his girl and he wanted the world to know it.
Her first priority was to offload the bloody shawl and she paused at a boutique in the Lanes and spotted a white cotton jacket. Edward insisted on paying - such a lovely boy who she hoped would eventually make some lucky girl very happy. The jacket was short, waisted and flared just covering the belt of her jeans. Being tightly buttoned at the waist it gaped a little and her cleavage was still on show but her nipples were covered. It also highlighted the profile of her cunt and her bum displayed beneath the taut denim. It was rude but just respectable. She was sure Robert would still approve.
Edward guided her to a little back alley just off the Halls. He pinned her against a wall and French kissed her just as she had taught him. He ran his hand under her jacket to knead her breasts. He would remember the feel of her through her top all his days. She was delighted to be seventeen again.
Then after a late lunch and a bottle of rose fizz, Edward sprang another surprise. He wanted to introduce her to his friends!! They were barbequing back home at the beach this evening. Would she like to drive over this afternoon? Debbie did not hesitate.
Pulling up behind the dunes at the end of a long rough track she saw a wrangler jeep and two new girly Fiats - rich kids' cars. She parked up beside them.
They walked hand in hand on to the beach where two boys and three girls - all in swimming costumes - were standing around a drift wood fire.
The boys - Josh and Jed - were all over Debbie. Edward basked in their admiration. The girls - Natalie, Clemmie and Abbie - were lukewarm in their jealousy. They were all thee brown and slim - sylphlike in their developing womanhood. The girls could see by contrast that Debbie was all woman and not afraid of showing it and their beaus could not take their eyes off her.
Debbie enjoyed playing the cougar to encourage their boyish adulation. They drank some more fizz but she politely declined the barbequed fish. The girls moved away to chat, plot and giggle. Debbie knew something was going on when they returned to the group and suggested they all go for a dip. Clemmie suggested that Debbie could borrow Abbie's spare costume - she being the most mature of the group. Debbie was up for it - she was a strong swimmer and she assumed she would be given a modest one piece as the girls were all wearing. She was therefore surprised when Abbie dipped into her bag and offered her the briefest of black bikinis. Debbie could see the challenge in Abbie's eyes and had no intention of backing down.
She walked into the dunes to change. The halter top had an elasticated band that sat under her tits and she was able to lift and tie the straps behind her neck to provide additional support for her décolletage. The costume being several sizes too small for Debbie there was nothing whatsoever left to the imagination and her barely covered nipples stood proud in the cooling evening air. The bottoms were in truth a thong with a thin cord up tight between her arse cheeks. Between her legs the cord penetrated and separated her cunt lips and a small triangle of material provided just enough cover at her front although the wispy blond hairs of her copious bush could not be hidden.
She brazenly returned to the group and both the boys and girls were open mouthed. Edward looked from the boys to her and back again in adoration. The girls were speechless:
"C'mon, what are you all waiting for?"
Debbie laughing took off for the sea with the youngsters trailing behind. She deliberately accentuated the sway of her hips as she walked and she saw Edward growing inside his speedos. She noticed Josh and Jed in the same predicament.
She thought to herself:
"In for a penny in for a pound"
They swam for a bit and Debbie deliberately played the enthusiastic girlfriend with Edward, encouraging him to hug and kiss her in the water in front of his friends. To relieve his condition, she deliciously slipped her hand under his speedos below the waves and felt the instantaneous spasm as he released himself.
It was time to go.
She took him by the hand and they ran out of the water. As they dressed in the dunes, she spotted Josh and Jed spying on them through the grass as they removed their costumes and towelled each other dry. She made sure they both got a good look.
Back at the farm Lyn was waiting for them.
"Hello you lovebirds - been for a swim I see. Champers and canapes are waiting by the pool."
Lyn wanted a short chat with Debbie. She turned to Edward:
"You go ahead lovey. Debbie will be over soon"
When Edward had gone Lyn opened up:
"You look radiant - what's he done to you!! He can't be that good!"
Debbie was blissful:
"It's been wonderful. I tell him what to do and he does it! Why can't all men be like him!! It's like I'm having it for the first time."
Lyn was envious:
"You lucky slut. Robert rang me. Edward is on "Cloud 9" apparently... and your being paid for it - oh my god!! Go on get back to him and try to get some sleep tonight!!"
By the pool Debbie stripped and dived in. Edward came on to the patio with two glasses of wine and Debbie took hers in the pool. After the novelty and excitement of the day she had made the decision to move the love making on from vanilla to a stronger flavour. She had not taken this decision lightly. She recognised that Edward would eventually meet a nice normal girl like Abbie, who seemed to be a likely candidate based on her jealous behaviour at the beach, and she did not want to instil in him unrealistic expectations. Debbie, of all women, knew that passion and desire at this level could not be maintained indefinitely.
She climbed out of the pool nude and walked up to Edward who was laying on the lounger in his boxers. She gave him a long lingering kiss using her tongue to caress his lips and mouth. She than sat astride him and let him nuzzle her tits as she played with her clit. He rose to the occasion.
"I want to do something special to you"
Edward just let out a lazy smile. She could do whatever she liked with him as far as he was concerned.
"Come inside lover boy"
She knelt before him and pulled off his boxers before laying him on the bed. He was already erect in anticipation. She then surprised him by wheeling over the full-length mirror and positioning it at the foot of the bed. She mounted the bed and knelt astride his ankles before leaning forward, taking his cock in her hands and kissing and licking it with her mouth.
She knew that in adopting this position as she worked on him, he would see in the reflection of the mirror not only her parted bum cheeks and her open cunt surrounded by its thin covering of blond wispy hair but also her bare perineum and the black hole of her open anus surrounded by its triangle of darker skin. It was the classic position that Ray always wanted towards the climactic end of any shoot with the woman offering all of herself to the hungry eye of the camera.
She played with his cock for a while before using a technique, she had been taught by Emily one of her porn friends. She began to take more of him into her mouth and throat until, bit by bit, she ran her lips down to the root of his shaft. To do this without gagging had taken much practice but she had never tried it on David - it did not seem appropriate and he would probably have shrunk with fright. As she practiced on Edward, she kept her eyes firmly engaged with his, the better to see his reaction as she adjusted her timing to maximise his pleasure ... just as Ray had instructed her.
Edward in between deep breaths did not know what had hit him:
"Oh Debbie - I can't take it - it's brilliant - oh my lord."
Debbie eased up and soothed him:
"Hold it in honey - slowly. There's a good boy - just stay relaxed and enjoy."
By going very gently she was able to keep the stimulation going without him coming.
When she was ready, she whispered to him.
"Look at my wet cunt. Look at my ass super lover. I'm all open and ready for you. Do you want it? - Do you want it?"
With that she hurtled him to his climax and his cum was everywhere - on her face, in her mouth, over the linen sheets. He just kept coming as she finished him off with her fingers and lips.
Debbie showered with Edward but she wasn't finished.
"Do you want to please me now?"
Edward was gushing.
"Just do as I say and follow my breathing as I said last night"
Debbie tied her hair up behind her head clipping it in place with an amber comb. She then collected an inflatable dildo with the flexible pouch attached by a short rubber pipe together with a tube of gel from Lyn's cabinet. She took Edward by the hand and led him back to the bed. She poured him a stiff glass of cordial to bring him up again and made sure he drained it. He needed to be iron hard for the coming activities and there must be no risk of ejaculation even under the most acute stimulation. It was Debbie's turn to be pleasured.
She returned to the bathroom to irrigate her anus - the usual pre-cursor to activity in that area as she had been taught at the beginning of her porn experience.
When she returned he was up and ready yet again.
Debbie knelt on all fours on the bed with her legs spread. She asked Edward to stand behind her:
"Follow me honey lover and you will really please me.
Coat your fingers with lots of gel and put your forefinger in my cunt and feel for my clit ...
Mmm.
Now two fingers ...
Now three ...
Now your little finger ...
That's it - up and down - up and down - slowly - oh - Yes ...
You see the dildo? Cover it in gel and put it up my cunt.
Slowly ... that's good ... Mmm ... Yes.
Take the pouch on the end and slowly squeeze it to fill me up."
As Edward squeezed the pouch the dildo began to inflate.
"Not too much - your hurting me ... slowly slowly slowly ... that's wonderful. Just a little more - mmmmm. Ohhh it feels soooo good."
Edward could see the swollen dildo filling Debbie's cunt to bursting. He was dumbstruck at the sight.
"Cover your cock with the gel - lots of it...
With your forefinger lubricate my ass. Go inside - yes that's good - further right in - it's OK - go on - mmmm - yes - run it in and out - slowly.
Ok - place your cock on my ass - it's fine love - just place it there and run it around the opening - that's it - lovely.
Push it in just a little - gently - don't hurt me - oh my ...
When you feel my muscles relax go a little at a time ...
Keep going in - yes - please - please - mmm - gently."
Finally, Edward was in and Debbie cried out in her orgasm. Her power frightened him. He had always thought that the man would have control and the woman would be passive. Now he realised that a powerful, highly aroused, woman would provide the most intense of experiences. To find love and pleasure, such a lady would now be his heart's desire.
Debbie was re-living one of her favourite scenarios from her career in porn. Lyn would call for Janiel and Yari - two lovely, extraordinarily henched, West Indian boys. They would fill her up ever which way and she would sleep for 24 hours after an all-nighter to soothe away the aches and pains.
"Make it a little tighter lovey - yes. In and out very slowly. Slower - yes that's good - mmmm. Oh Oh ... I can't ..."
Debbie crashed through the barrier into her second orgasm.
Time passed in a red miasma of passion. She would never know how long she was gone as he continued the relentless and mystic sweet spot rhythm behind her. His dedication and his stamina took her beyond nirvana.
Finally, by instinct, she knew she was done and he was ready. She clenched her sphincter and he exploded into her despite Lyn's potions. It was all over.
Edward fell on to the bed exhausted and Debbie was sufficiently aware to reach between her legs and release the pressure to enable the deflated dildo to slither out of her lubriciously distended vagina as she collapsed into Edward's arms.
****
They woke at mid-day, swam and showered and walked hand in hand to the kitchen where Lyn was ready with another lovely breakfast.
It was time to say goodbye.
This was always going to be difficult but Debbie and Lyn invented a story about Debbie's father suffering a "fall" and needing her in London that afternoon.
Edward was very down but Debbie promised to return as soon as she was free. Of course, she thought it would never happen but fate could play strange tricks.
Lyn and Debbie grabbed a few moments alone together to settle things and then Debbie was away.
She stopped at the same place in the wood and changed back into her mum clothes.
When she arrived at the rectory and saw David and the children the old habits had re-asserted themselves. The door was closed on Edward and firmly locked. Only when she was alone and aroused would she find the key to open the door and indulge herself. She was then back at Lyn's getting exactly what she wanted when she wanted in that insulated and protected cocoon. In this secret world, in spite of her scandalous behaviour, there were no commitments and no bad outcomes.
******