The next few days seemed both surreal and normal at the same time. Steve had gotten home from work early on Tuesday with the idea of treating Gloria to a homemade Italian dish. He had spent a good half an hour standing as naked as the day he was born, cutting, chopping and mixing ingredients as his new land silently ran her hands over his bare skin. Her hands expertly glided from his lower back onto his firm buttocks then back down his chest to his abs. Every lap of his body seemed to conclude with her wrapping her fingers around his shaft to give him two or three lazy strokes.
Wednesday had been movie night, where Gloria had him snuggle up to her and throughout the rom-com they watched she almost absentmindedly gave him the slowest, most casual hand-job Steve had ever experienced. It was as if her hand was on auto pilot as her mind more focused on the movie.
As Steve drove home from work on Thursday he wondered what his kinky landlady had in store for him this evening. He resisted the urge to speed up, he would savor this anticipation which sent butterflies cascading through his stomach. He knew how the evening would commence. It would be their daily routine He would arrive home, head up to his room, undress fully, then walk naked to the shower room. After a nice hot shower dry himself with the big fluffy towels provided then once more walk naked through the house naked to meet his landlady.
He opened the front door and walked in silence towards the stairs. As he did so he could hear Gloria chatting away in a room somewhere in the distance, possibly her makeshift office room. He started to ascend the stairs when he heard another voice. It was female but definitely a different timbre to Gloria's voice.
The butterflies immediately doubled as he stepped hurridly towards his bedroom.
"Would there be both Gloria and a friend or maybe more ready to greet him as he would enter the room in the buff?"
The idea, although triggering a surge of nerves, immediately started to get him hard. He never realized how much exhibitionist tendencies had been dwelling within him. He strutted down the corridor to the shower room, his cock jutting out leading the way but still swinging side to side with each step. It took all of his willpower to fight the urge to stroke himself to completion once under the water.
The briefest of showers was followed by the most hasty toweling-off periods and he was ready.
For the second time in the last ten minutes Steve found himself marching down the corridors of the house stark naked. His cock was throbbing so much he could almost feel his heartbeat through it. As he reached the study he paused then took a deep breath before opening the door. His mind had prepared him for the scene before him. Two women sat, possibly drinking wine, in anticipation of his arrival. This was not the view that greeted him. Gloria was alone, sat at her desk which faced him. Her eyes lit up at the sight of him.
"Ooh wait." She said out loud, the words directed at the computer monitor in front of her.
"Good evening stud." Gloria said addressing Steve before biting her lip and beckoning him to come around the table by her side. As Steve walked around the desk to join her, his eyes were drawn to the cleavage she exposed in her low cut red blouse from his vantage point above her.
"Why hello there big boy."
The huskier voice came not from Gloria but the screen before them. The initial reaction Steve had was one of being caught perving on his landlady. His gaze shot up to the screen to be greeted by a women in her forties beaming at him. In the corner of the screen he saw the view that Gloria's camera was broadcasting. It showed he had nothing to fear in terms of being caught peaking at Gloria's tits as although her face and torso were framed centrally the camera viewed Steve from mid thigh to mid chest with his big throbbing penis taking up the most prominent real estate in the view.
"Steve meet Lucy. We work together."
"Hello Lucy." Steve said with a smile not seen on camera.
"Hello Steve. I must say it's good to know that the theory o​n whether photoshop was used in your photo has been put to rest."
Steve frowned at this comment. He didn't understand. Gloria smiled up at him and his little confused face.
"Lucy was one of the girls I sent the pictures I took of you. We have a little chat group and although everyone loved the pics one person suggested that...technology had been used to make you look more...mouthwatering...than you are in reality."
Steve's gaze turned back to Lucy who seemed to sense thus.
"Hey, it wasn't me."
"No. You were too busy telling us in detail what your lips and tongue were gonna do to this." As Gloria said this, she wrapped her hand around Steve's thick shaft, causing him to jump a little.
Lucy let out a moan by way of response before licking her lips in an exaggerated manner for effect.
Steve took a moment to take in the view of this lust filled woman on screen. Lucy had shoulder length blonde hair, sparkling blue eyes and perfectly natural plump lips. The type perfect for wrapping softly around a cock.
"Well when I see a well endowed man it makes my mouth water. Everyone knows I like to suck a cock, especially a nice big one." Lucy nodded towards the screen at this last comment.
Steve's cock bounced at this confession.
"And don't worry a deal is a deal." Gloria said to her friend. Once more Steve felt left out of their conversation.
"Saturday night we are having a dream fulfilment party." Gloria stated.
"Ok, erm that's great... I don't know what that is.. but... great." Steve said trying to be supportive although not having a clue as to what he was being supportive about.
"My friends have known about my idea to have a naked lodger for a while now. Some think it is cool, some were appalled. Now that I have you my wish is fulfilled."
"Ahh ok."
"And to celebrate this I have invited around a bunch of my friends to come meet you in all your sexy, naked glory. They have all seen the pics I took of you and are looking forward to getting to meet you...feel you and who knows what else. Your going to be helping keep drinks topped up as part of our hosting duties. They aren't gonna keep their hands off you!"
"And we have agreed Steve" Lucy interrupted "that regardless of what happens at this party that when it's time for you to cum I get it all!" Lucy then licked her lips before exaggeratedly opening her mouth wide for effect.
"Woooowwww."
This voice came from off camera, a little higher pitched than either Gloria or Lucy. Seemingly from nowhere a girl in her early twenties appeared sitting alongside Lucy on the screen. As Gloria adjusted the view for them both to share equal screen room Steve got to gaze at this heavenly creature. Her brown hair was scraped back into a ponytail and she seemed to be wearing a white tennis dress that clung to her pert figure. Her eyes were large a brilliant blue.
"Wow Aunty Gloria, who's the hunk?"
"Charlotte meet Steve my new housemate."
"Housemate with a huge cock." She grinned enthusiastically. "My friends never get up to anything as wild as you lot."
"What's wild about having a naked man at home?" Gloria said with a sly wink.
"Nothing when they look this yummy."
At this point Lucy spoke up. "If you don't annoy me too much you can come to Gloria's party."
"Seriously?"
"Sure."
"Thanks mom, your the best. Right, I gotta go. I'm late for my lesson. Bye Aunt Gloria, bye donkey dick."
With that she got up from her seat, mimicking the position Steve was stood with knees to chest displayed on screen. She turned and bent to pick up her tennis bag intentionally hinging at the waist. Her white skirt immediately rode up revealing the soft curves of her ass cheeks with the soft pink folds of her shaven pussy clearly on display. Steve thought he would explode on the spot.
"Charlotte!" Gloria screeched. "Where's your fucking panties?"
"I'm teasing my tennis coach. Its fun getting him worked up. I just wish he was packing what Steve has." And with that she disappeared from cam.
Steve silently prayed to all religions simultaneously that this young minx would be at the party.
"I'm gonna go in a few minutes too hun." Lisa proclaimed.
"No problem. See you Saturday."
"Definitely." Lisa replied licking her lips whilst staring one last time at the hard cock on screen.
"But before I go... give me a little show, stroke his big cock till it explodes!"
Gloria took Steve's throbbing cock in her hand and looked up at him. "Lets give her a show." She said beaming.