My name is Mike. I'm in my forties. I'm 5'11" with an athletic build. Been married once and I've been told that I'm a great kisser, give great hugs and although I'm not bragging, previous girlfriends have admired my cock which is about 6 ½" to 7" and how hard I can be and recover pretty quick.
A sandwich/coffee shop opened a few months ago just a few blocks away from where I work. The coffee is okay, I've had better. One of the gals' that works there is a little on the shy side but pretty. Every time I've stopped there for coffee, I've brought her a few things. Her name is Lauren and she's 22.
We've just kept it at a little flirting at first. That's all it was and I thought it was ok! Then it got to be light touching. That progressed to a few kisses. We always met in the morning or late evening, when there was no one else there.
One time we kissed and starred at each other. When I kissed her again, it was a deeper kiss. Her hand slowly reached down between us to touch me and she found that I was hard. I raised one of my hands to lightly massage one of her breasts.
Another time we met, Lauren unbuttoned her top. She looked at me, then down to her bra encased breast. Kissing me again, she lifted my hand to her bra. I slowly tugged the lace cup down and a nipple was exposed. She bit her lower lip as to encourage me to touch and tease it. She then cupped the breast, pushing the lace bra down. " Do you like them?" Her breast defied gravity; she was squeezing it along with running a finger or two around the areola and nipple.
I wanted to do so much right then but I still tried to respect our age difference.
She told me later that she was wet after that encounter.
I'd find out later that this shy girl was a bit of an exhibitionist. Lauren was 5' 4" about 105lb, had pear shaped breasts topped by two pink nipples that are very sensitive.
One weekend I had some extra time and we were talking about some new clubs. She said she wanted to see something and I said "would you like to go to NYC with me?" I nearly fell over when she said yes! We spoke and texted.
I thought it was going to be dinner and a club or two and bring her home. Maybe I'd get a hug and a kiss. I didn't think she was a slut nor did I expect what happened. Then again maybe there are no sluts, there are some girls who aren't shy about what they want and they want the same thing as we want!
We went out to dinner, talked a bit, and then went to some new clubs. It was getting late, after 1am. She asked me was there someplace we could go? My house and talk some more? So I thought why not. She lived with her Mother so I expected she didn't want to take someone back there late at night. A guy who was old enough to be her Dad.
We arrived at my house, and I opened the door for her. As soon as I closed the door, she kissed me passionately. I locked the door. Without a word being spoken we went upstairs. We kissed again and before we sat down, she opened my jeans, "Can I?" pulled them down along with my briefs. Her eyes widened as I popped out in front of her. My cock was the largest she had ever seen she said. "Ohhh God, Mike. Oh fucking God! You are so big." Holding my cock in both her hands, a drop of pre-cum formed at the tip. She started to stroke me and then took my hard cock in her mouth and hungrily sucked me.
"That feels so so ahhhhhh," I said. She moved a hand to squeeze and tickle my balls till I tensed. Just before I came, she stopped "ohhhh fuck. That was fantastic. What happened?" I said.
She stood up, licking her lips. Looking at her, she quickly undressed herself. Her top first, then her jeans leaving her in a lacey bra and a thong. Her breasts needed no support and I could see her erect nipples. I unhooked her bra and stared at her luscious young breasts with hardening nipples. Lifting, feeling her breasts and teasing her nipples was not something I expected we would be doing. She slipped out of her thong and led me to the bed. She asked me "Do you want to be top"? She told me "she wanted me to fuck her tits and swallow my cum."
Laying down "Like what you see?" Her tits looked incredible. I slowly mounted her holding my erection between her soft mountains of flesh. She looked at me first, and then focused on my cock moving between her tits. She squeezed them together around my erection. Moving back and forth between her firm tits, I took both my hands and squeezed each nipple. I was so ready to cum. We were both moaning. Lauren released her tits and took my throbbing cock, stroking it up & down till I exploded on her chest, some right in her mouth, which she swallowed.
We laid down next to each other for a while, a little touching & kissing. One time she was on her back, legs splayed. Her wet fingers were playing & teasing with her pussy. Pumping her pussy with her forefinger and rubbing her juices around her hooded bud with her middle finger. "Yes yes yes" she whispered.
Looking over, I wondered how my cock was going to slide into her tight looking pussy. "Do you like my wet pussy?" she asked me. She then lay down next to me, her head on my chest, slowly stroking my cock.
An hour or two later she got out of bed and walked over to one of the windows. It was open, no shade was pulled down. I joined her, looking at her young taut naked body, I was getting hard. Coming behind her, my arms went around her and my hard cock brushed against her round ass giving her goose bumps. She told me that she was on the pill and that she previously only had sex with one other guy and it was nothing like what we did earlier and were about to do.
Lauren leaned forward and pushed her ass back. I explored her pussy with my fingers finding her very wet. A gasp escaped her "oh god." She wiggled her ass and said "ohhhh that feels so good. Fuck me! Fuck me with that hard cock. Fuck me" Her juices were already flowing. Spreading her legs further apart, and holding my cock in one hand and one hand on her ass, I found her glistening wet pussy. Parting the folds, I slowly slid in! Yes, she was tight but very slippery. She gasped "oh god, unggggg, ohhhhh fuck me harder ".
It was totally dark except for a streetlight and the moon. She yelled! Cried! Shouted a few choice words! " Oh god. Don't stop. It's amazing. You are so big! You fill me up. Unghhh I want to cum ahhhh." I slid my hands forward to cup her young breasts. Her breathing became shallower, as I pulled & twisted her nipples.
My hips thrust up and she pushed back! I thrust faster! We find our own rhythm. As I felt my own orgasm build, I moved my hands back to her hips to fuck her harder and faster. "I ahhhhh going to cum " I yelled. She tensed up just before she came, trembling all over. Her pussy milking my cock was enough to make me cum, shooting several loads into her.
I never thought that we would be having sex. I always fantasized how Lauren would look naked! Her tits! Her thighs! Her pussy! I thought she was shy.
Spending the rest of the night with me, we fell asleep in each other's arms.
The sun was coming up and I turned to see Lauren on her side, facing me. I reached over to cup a breast " mmmmm yes" she moaned. Her nipples were hard at attention.
I turned to face her and we kissed and touched. I whispered, "I want to fuck you this morning." Our tongues twisted and turned. I pushed into her, so she was on her back. My cock was getting hard as I lay on top of her. My cock head was resting against her wet pussy. Her folds parted as I slowly slide my cock into her and she adjusted to the tight fit. I pushed slowly, until my full length was buried inside of her and my balls were resting against her. Slowly pulling out, then pushing all the way back inside, using a slow rhythm. I squeezed and massaged her breasts, teasing her nipples, as I fucked her. I picked up my pace, my excitement was too great as I felt her warm wetness spreading around my cock. Our bodies came together as she wrapped her legs tight around my hips, pulling me tighter and deeper into her.
"Oh God. oh mmmmmm. Yesss! " She approved.
She gently pushed me off of her and assumed a position on her hands and knees, her bare ass up in the air.
Just as I was getting up to fuck her doggie style, she laughed and ran to the shower. I quickly joined her. The water cascaded down as we washed and felt each other. I reached for the hand held shower spray and ran it all over her. I turned Lauren around facing the wall and turned the sprayer toward her ass.
She raised a leg up to stroke & touched her clit. Moving the sprayer, I aimed it at her chest first, and then down to her pussy, I pushed a finger into her ass hole. I slowly went in and out till she wanted more! Rinsing my fingers off, I moved down to her pussy. I slid two fingers in & out until she begged for my cock.
I slowly entered her from behind. First just the tip of my cock, till she screamed "fuck me! Fuck me now." Pressing my cock in and out one more time till it stretched her, I slid into her all the way! "Oh God. Oh fuck. I'm cumming" she screamed. Her pussy was milking my cock! My body started shaking, I was about to cum too. I continued to fuck her till both our legs almost gave out.
We decided to take a few days off.
We texted more after that.
"Hi" she texted to me
"Hi" I replied
"I miss you."
"I miss you too."
"I want you! Soon!"
I heard about this new hotel in New York City. The Standard which has glass windows in each of their rooms. You could be seen as much as you wanted. We've already had sex in a semi public area already and this interested both of us. I asked her if she wanted to spend a weekend with me there.
I arranged that on check in, Lauren go to The Spa in the Hotel and get a massage and Brazilian Wax. Meeting the masseuse, she disrobed and everything was sent up to our room. After a wonderful massage, Lauren was ready for the Brazilian. After lying on her back and spreading her legs, it got started. Lauren already shaves herself there so it wasn't too bad. She was then told to get on all fours and get her ass all done. When everything was done, warm oil was rubbed into the skin, which offered some relief. Lauren relaxed, wrapped in a Hotel robe, with a tall glass of iced water in the spa before going to the room.
Taking a private elevator to our room, she walked through the door & was blown away by the room. Ceiling to floor windows! A Fireplace! Several large pillows and a comforter on the floor! Two wine glasses filled!
I was just finishing up taking a shower, drying myself and putting on a robe. I came out into our room and surprised her from behind when she was looking out onto the City Scape. I put my arms around her, asking if everything was ok.
Her response was "it's amazing, everything is perfect."
I kissed her neck, opening the robe a little and sliding a hand to cup and fondle a breast. I continued to kiss her and as we settled down, we went to sit by the fireplace and had some wine. I handed Lauren a gift bag filled with sexy lingerie. She asked if she could try them on.
"I was hoping you would."
Lauren walked closer to the fireplace as she opened and dropped the robe off her body. She worked out several days a week and it could be seen. Her body was outstanding. Shapely legs. Nice ass. Youthful breasts with nipples proudly perched on both. Standing naked in front of the fire, her nipples were hard and tingling in the warmth of the fire and the excitement of the moment. Putting on lacey panties and camisole in front of me was a turn on for both of us. Her pussy was glistening.
I was seated on a sofa watching her very attentively. My robe was spreading open and Lauren saw my hardening cock. She started a little bit of a fashion show for me, running her hands up and down her body, slowly turning so that I can admire the view. "Everything look ok?" She asked in her most seductive voice.
I nodded my approval as my breathing became heavier. She saw my cock was now erect. "What do you think?" she asked as she cupped her breasts adding to the moment.
"Damn Babe, you are so fucking hot." Looking at the young woman in her sexual prime spending the weekend with me.
"Is that for me?" She was pointing to my erection.
"Yes and its all your fault. You can have as much as you want." I stood up, and moved closer to her, the robe opening and falling off my shoulders.
"Babe? I've always fantasized about it but can you masturbate for me?" she asked me.
As hard as I was, I seemed to get more erect when she requested I do that. Sitting back down on the couch, slightly reclining and supporting myself with one arm, I placed my entire hand around my cock. My helmet was sensitive and dark purple in color.
Lauren thought my cock looked amazing. It was bigger then anything she's seen.
"Go slow baby! Go slow." Lauren said as she started to tickle her clit in front of me. Dipping a finger in, getting it wet and licking it, watching me as she started all over again. Swirling two fingers in her pussy, she was getting close.
Stroking myself as slow as I could, and watching her, I was getting to that point of no return. She told me to stand up and cum all over her body. Continuing for just a few more seconds " Cum for me Baby! Cum for me! On my chest! My face! Cum for me now!"
My legs stiffened and my eyes closed. Lauren was about to orgasm too. Looking down at my cock shooting sperm at her with an amazing look on her face.
Lauren dipped a finger into my cum that landed on her breasts. "Yum" licking a finger clean. She offered a breast to me to suck on. Taking it in my mouth, nipping and sucking on her nipple. Swirling a tongue around it, she trembled again.
"That was incredible! I've heard that many men will not do that for a woman." We kissed. "Thank you Thank you."
We cleaned ourselves up and went out to walk around the neighborhood and look for a place to eat. The Standard Hotel is very close to this outdoor area called the Highline. It's an old, elevated railroad line that has been reclaimed with a paved area that goes for about 20 blocks. There are benches, flowers and a few outdoor stalls for food and small shops. The area it's in, the lower West Side is the hottest area in NYC right now.
After dining at an outdoor café, we walked around and looked up at the Hotel and saw our room. Lauren whispered to me "that the thought of us having sex and other people possibly seeing us was getting her wet again." She squeezed my hand and said she wanted to go back to our room. She told me how good it felt to have a grown man fuck her rather then some young guy from school.
In the elevator going back to our room, we giggled, we held hands and kissed. She told me that she was so happy that we met and that our intimate time together has been the best.
Getting back to our room, we quickly undressed ourselves and settled on some cushions by the fireplace. We talked and enjoyed some foreplay. Lauren laid back, her legs spread. Her hands found my cock and rested on it, squeezing softly and stroking me slowly. I rolled over looking at her. Reaching over, my hands explored her body. I massaged her hips, and then slowly up her belly to her breasts. Massaging and kneading her breasts then pinching and rolling her nipples with my thumb & forefinger. Her body began to react. "I love our time together."
I knew I could make her cum if I continued. Her eyes closed as she stroked me and enjoyed her growing arousal. "I can't wait till we fuck again."
My cock was hard again "I want you Baby!"
After several more minutes of stimulation, Lauren yelled out "ohhh Baby. Fuck me! Fuck me hard!" Her legs were already spread wide. I rose up slightly above her and still holding my cock, she guided me to into her. I slowly entered her, my helmet stretching her lips apart. I slowly pushed in as we both grunted. I withdrew slightly and pushed in again on a slow thrust. She pulled her knees up and onto my shoulders to allow me full entry as we fucked. We picked up our rhythm. Slow, deep & steady.
It was getting dark outside and Lauren stopped me. "Babe? Let's go over to the windows and fuck me from behind. Maybe we'll have an audience".
"Horny"? I asked
"Yes. Come fuck me."
We kissed and got up and walked to the windows. It was dark outside aside from some street lamps. There was a glow in the room from the fireplace. She seemed to be thinking about this and I told her that whatever she wanted to do was okay with me. Taking a deep breath, she placed herself right in front of the windows. hands on the glass, her nude body spread. She was breathing hard! Her back to me and slightly bent over, I admired her ass & pussy.
I came up behind her, kissing her on her neck ":It's ok Babe" assuring her.
Bringing an arm around her and twisting a nipple, her breathing got heavier. My hand slid down her body, between her spread legs, teasing her clit and slowly inserting a finger, then two between her swollen lips, feeling her wetness. She leaned forward even more, pushing her firm ass back to me. "Think someone is watching us?" Knelling down behind her, I licked her pussy and then slowly finger fucked her. "Yes! Yes fuck me!" I took in the sight of this daring young woman, waiting to have sex, in full view of anyone who looked up.
I stood up with my hard cock, ready to fuck her from behind. Maybe someone saw us. Maybe not. "Let's watch out while you fuck me from behind. " I held my cock and slowly slid right into her slick pussy. "Yes fuck me! Yes."
Our bodies met and we were together in a special place. Still breathing hard, and moving slow at first, then a little faster. Thrusting back to meet my thrusts, the warmth of her pussy engulfing me is a feeling I could never describe.
Just when I thought we would both cum, she looked down to the Highline. With some renewed strength she moved her hips forward and back. Her breasts bouncing around. My cock stretched her pussy full. We both grunted as my balls slapped against her. My thrusts became harder and more deliberate as she exploded into several orgasms, her body shaking uncontrollably. .
Lauren bit her lower lip as she moaned. Her pussy milking my cock was amazing. Lauren trembled and shuddered for several minutes I looked where I thought she was looking.
She gasped, "Babe, several people are watching us."
"I know." I replied. "I know."
"Yeah, I need it. Fuck me harder. Give it to me."
Her pussy pulsated again and again I felt my own orgasm. Shooting wave after wave of cum into her. I was breathing harder that I think I ever have. I thought " a guy fucking a gal half his age. Every guys fantasy."
Both of our bodies glistened with sweat.
Recovering, we made it back to the pillows by the fire. Did anyone see us? We didn't care. We lay in front of the fire talking and basking in the afterglow of a great evening of sex. We cuddled. Kissed and talked. Eventually as the fire burned down, we went to bed. We kissed and touched for hours. Eventually we shifted positions until I was spooning her and we went to sleep.
More?