I don't usually write about things that have actually happened. Most of the time it is more fun to ground a story in fact and then to embellish a bit. However, here I will stick to the facts as it remains the single most exciting experience of my life.
My family and I were spending a week at the beach in a rental house on Holden beach in North Carolina. It was July and quite hot during the time we were there. We were staying just off the beach and so we would walk every day and set up "camp" meaning our beach umbrellas, chairs etc. We usually made the trip twice a day; once in the morning and then again after lunch. We took the requisite 3 showers a day or so that one does on that sort of plan.
The first time we set ourselves up at the beach, I noticed a very large-breasted young lady tanning herself with a man whom I assumed was her husband. After a time, they went in the water and began playing the in surf. She had one of those bikini tops that gets knocked half way off with every wave and I was enjoying the view immensely. I felt a surge of envy for the lucky man who was fucking this boobalicious young thing every night.
It wasn't until the second day the man and woman showed up with an older woman (also very large-breasted) and a boy. The man sat next to the older woman and it became apparent to me that the younger woman was the man's daughter. I had assumed wrongly. I estimated her to be probably no more than 18 given the age of the brother (who looked to be 9). I made a mental note and continued to enjoy the view.
The third day was remarkable. In the morning, we set up our things just to the right of the other family's "camp". However, they were down playing in the water at the time and we had no real feeling that we were crowding them. Our children scrambled for the waves as soon as we were settled. I set up my chair on the left, toward the side of the other family.
I chatted with my wife but behind the cover of my sunglasses, I was checking out the young woman with the enormous breasts. She was playing frisbee with her family and every time the frisbee dropped, she had to bend over to pick it up. When it dropped in front of her, her enormous breasts exposed themselves. When it fell behind her, she bent over to show the contours of her equally plump bottom. I was enjoying myself a great deal.
After a time, the young woman came up to her family's chairs and lay herself down. My wife got up to go in the water with the kids and I remained behind. I kept my head facing the water but peeked over to my left to check out the young woman. To my surprise and delight, she was looking at me through her sunglasses as well! I didn't budge a muscle except to smile wryly. She saw this, however, and a slight smile lifted the corner of her mouth too. Her mother and father came up and sat down with her. She pretended to be napping but I peeked at her every couple of minutes or so and she was always looking over at me through her sunglasses. At lunch time, we packed up our things and made our way back to the condo.
After lunch and a nap, the kids and I returned to the beach. The tide had come in and we set our things down on the edge of the water. The other family's things were still where they had left them and were about to be wet. The young woman appeared and moved their things up next to ours. Her beach chair was now at about 10 o'clock from our things. My kids went in the water and the young woman lay down just as in the morning. She smiled slightly and made eye contact just as before. I suddenly had an idea of what I wanted to do. I went in the water to cool off and while under the water, I took my penis and sac and moved them outside the liner in my suit. They now lay against my left leg. I then walked up to my chair and sat down. At first, I didn't do anything unusual. I peeked over to the young woman and saw her looking at me through her sunglasses. I looked back at her and smiled my half smile.
Slowly, I moved my left leg so that she could look directly up the left leg of my suit. As I did this, I felt the cool air cover the head of my penis and even up to my testicles. I knew I was exposed and I felt myself start to harden. I knew that viewed from the front or the side I was invisible, but from the vantage point of the young woman one could see all. I stiffened more and began to twitch in time with my pulse. I flelt cool on all sides of my penis and I knew that I was a rod now and that my tip reached almost to the free cuff of my suit.
I dared a look at the young woman. She was staring at my suit and then she looked up at my eyes. She smiled widely and then gave me a very naughty look and licked her upper lip lightly. I smiled back.
Just then, her parents and brother walked up from the water and lay down. I moved my left leg forward and draped a towel over my erection so that none of them would see. They sat down facing the ocean, as I was, leaving the young woman the only one with a vantage point. Once they were settled, I moved my knee outward again and showed her my penis again. She was pretending to doze but she continued to check me out. After a little while, the family got up and played catch with a football. I watched the young woman's jugs bounce each time she threw or caught the ball. She also seemed to be missing a lot of catches and bending over toward me to show me her enormous boobs. Just then, my son came up and told me he needed to use the bathroom. Since I didn't want to leave our stuff and we had been out an hour and a half already, we gathered up our things to go. Before I left, though, I drew the following in the wet sand right under the woman's beach chair.
"12:00 here."
The evening passed uneventfully. I went for a run after dinner along the beach. As I crossed the boardwalk that linked the main street with the beach, I noticed that there was a decent amount of space beneath the boards. I imagined sliding into the young woman under the boardwalk.
At 10 o'clock, my wife and I went to bed. I often have very bad insomnia, and when I toss and turn, I often leave our room and sleep on the couch. By 10:30 my wife was asleep and at 11:30 I tiptoed downstairs. I was terribly excited. I had never been unfaithful to my wife before, but this young woman had placed a spell on me that I could not fail to respond to. I felt 1 part guilty pleasure and 9 parts lustful determination. At a quarter to 12 I was on the beach, sitting exactly where the chairs had been earlier. The beach was completely deserted. I waited. Midnight came and went. At 12:15 I was thinking of walking back to the condo when I saw a black shape moving against the pale light of the night sky. The shape moved toward me and stopped right in front of me.
"Hi," she said.
"How are you?" I asked.
Instead of answering, she plopped down beside me on the sand.
"Want to go for a swim?" I asked.
"Sure," she answered.
We went in the water and began to move together in the waves. We got out past the surf and I held her in my arms. Her mouth was salty and sweet as I kissed it. She lifted her bikini top and showed me her breasts. A last quarter moon began to rise above the horizon. Her face and eyes shone in the new light.
I held her breasts in my hands though they were each much bigger than a handful. She kissed my neck and I kissed her back hard and then reached down and held her bottom in my hands. I lowered her bikini bottom and held each cheek firmly in my hands. She put her arms around me and pressed her body firmly against mine. She lowered my suit and gripped my erection and placed it between her thighs and pulled herself against me. I held her bottom and could feel the tip of my penis pushing out between her cheeks (I was still outside and under her). Her pubic hair was soft in the water and felt like a tickle across the top of my dick.
Suddenly, she turned around and leaned forward slightly. I knew what to do. I slipped into her from behind. The change in temperature around my dick was amazing. Suddenly, all was warm and delightful. She leaned forward and spread her legs slightly and I reached around and pulled her hips backwards, toward me. She began to fuck back a little bit. She was young and tight but very wet and slippery. I knew I would not last long in her. I was right. I came hard in her. I stayed inside as long as I could. I held her breasts and kissed her neck. She turned her head over her left shoulder to kiss me.
On my way back to the condo, I looked down at the boardwalk again. I knew that I wanted to fuck her down there. I would need to wait to see what the next night would hold.