All persons in this story are at least 18 years old.
*****
My wife Kammie and I were laying in bed one night watching the late news. She was curled up beside me with her head on my chest. I was gently massaging her back and she was rubbing my thighs. Eventually her hand made its' way to the top of the elastic band of my underwear. Her fingers slid inside and found my growing erection.
"I need to tell you something." she said breaking the silence.
"Ok, what is it?" I asked.
"Last week when I went on that business trip, something happened when I was driving home." she told me hesitantly.
"Let me guess, you got another speeding ticket." I said hoping I was wrong.
"Well I did get pulled over but I didn't get a ticket. I was worried you'd be mad about it but I felt like you should know." she confessed.
I shrugged, "If you didn't get a ticket, why would I be mad? You do need to watch your speed and not get any more. Our insurance is going to go up."
"I know and that is why I did what I did." she still had her hand in my underwear, gripping me.
"What did you do?" I asked nervously.
"Please don't be mad...okay?" she asked softly.
"I promise I'll try not to, but I can't promise I won't get mad unless you tell me what happened." I said.
Kammie then told me everything that happened, and I mean everything.
She had went out of state on a business trip. Her company was too cheap to buy her an airline ticket, but they let her drive a company car. She was having to go through lots of small towns and driving on two lane country roads. Kammie was anxious to get home but was still an hour from the interstate, in a very rural area. Up ahead, she saw a construction crew working on the side of the road. There were about six guys in neon shirts on the shoulder, and it looked like they were working on a drain that ran under the road. She slowed down, and eased over into the oncoming lane to give them plenty of room. When she got past the last orange construction barrel, she sped back up.
Kammie was about a mile past the construction, when she looked up in the rearview mirror and saw blue lights flashing behind her. She suddenly realized that she was in her company's car and she had already been given a few speeding tickets in the last six months. A wave of terror came over her. This could cost Kammie her drivers license as well as her job. She would at a minimum be looking at higher insurance rates, a write up at work, and another costly ticket.
She pulled over to the side of the road and the police car did the same. Kammie had an idea. She hesitated for just a moment, she took a breath, then reached in between the buttons of her blouse and undid the front clasp of her bra. Kammie had just recently bought this bra, and she hoped it would pay off for her now. She managed to pull the cups down to the side, slightly off her breasts. Her blouse was white, with a company logo above the pocket, and although it was not thin, you could now slightly make out her rosy areolas beneath it. Kammie took off her seatbelt and rolled her window down, as the officer walked up beside her car and looked down at her.
He was a younger officer in his very early 20s. Kammie noticed he was thin and not very tall. His toned arms made her think he was probably athletic even if he was skinny. He had a smooth baby face and blonde hair. Kammie held her arms across her chest concealing it, as she looked up at him with doe eyes and a pouty face.
"Good afternoon ma'am. I'm Deputy Smith with the Sheriff's Department." he said, "The reason I stopped you was, you swerved out into the oncoming traffic lane back there, and you were speeding about 10 mph over in a construction zone."
"Yes Sir, I'm sorry about that, I was trying to give those guys plenty of room, I thought I had slowed down enough, and on top of all that...I had an issue in my car that distracted and scared me." she told him.
He looked at her curiously, "I can understand getting over for them, just don't do that so close to a hill next time. You were still speeding though. What scared you in your own car?"
"It's a company car," Kammie looked at him sheepishly, " and I'm not sure you want to know."
"Yeah, I kinda do." he said firmly.
Kammie dropped her arms, "Well my bra came undone in the front. I don't know why, I wasn't expecting it and it startled me. I didn't want to stop and fix it back there."
The cop looked at Kammie's blouse. He could see a little bare skin between the gap of her buttons and the very slight edge of her right breast. her areolas were faintly visible through her white top and her nipples were starting to poke through the material. He stared for a moment at her sizable chest. Kammie could see in his face that her temptation was working on him.
Kammie purred, "I'm actually glad you're here and I feel safer now. I didn't know about those guys back there. Would you care to stand here while I fix this?"
"What?" was all the cop could say. His eyes glued to her tempting breasts.
Kammie had one hand on her top button, "I need to fix my bra. Will you stand guard while I do?"
"Uh, yeah..." he stuttered, "do whatever you need to do there." he said, waving his arm toward her top.
Kammie began to unbutton her blouse. When she had the second button undone, the cop could see her bare skin and no hint of a bra. Kammie unbuttoned her top all the way down to her khaki pants. She left her blouse tucked into her pants.
The deputy stood beside her watching. Occasionally he would look around nervously for other cars. There was no traffic at all on this rural stretch of highway. He could see nearly a half mile in each direction. When she pulled over, Kammie had pulled into the grass on the shoulder to give the officer plenty of room. If a car did pass by, they would not be able to see what she was doing.
Kammie looked up to see if he was watching her. He was staring directly at the exposed skin between the unbuttoned blouse. She smiled slightly as she held the right side of her top in place, she reached across and inside with her left hand. Reaching across her chest caused her left breast to bulge against the fabric. It also made it swell out the center of her open blouse. As she pulled the right cup in place with her left hand, her breasts met and made some very deep cleavage. The deputy could feel his body start to react.
Kammie managed to get the right side of her bra in place without revealing more than she would if she were in a swimsuit. She held the right side in place with her left hand. Now was the tricky part. She would have to reach across with her right hand to adjust the left side and she only had one hand free.
She glanced up and the cop was watching intently. As she reached inside her blouse, the material started pushing away to the side. Kammie watched as more and more of her pale breast was exposed. Her areola came into view, then her entire left nipple popped free. It was erect and she heard the deputy breathe in when he saw it. Both her arms were under her breasts and as she wiggled to get ahold of the left cup of her bra. Kammie arched her back and this made her exposed nipple rise and point up at the deputy. His hand was on the door of the car, only inches from her naked breast.
Kammie managed to get ahold of the left cup and promptly covered her bare breast. She adjusted herself slightly and fastened the clasp closed. She began to button her top when the deputy spoke up.
"I'll still need to see your license." he said.
"Are you still going to write me a ticket? I thought you understood." she asked.
"Ma'am are you trying to use your female charms to get out of a ticket?" he asked back.
Kammie looked at him with fake shock, "My 'female charms'...what does that mean?"
The deputy answered bluntly, "Your tits."
Kammie then noticed the bulge in the deputy's pants. She decided to double down. "I'm sorry if what just happened offended you and seeing my 'charms' upset you, but I had to fix my bra."
"I only saw one of them." he said with a smirk.
They stared at each other in silence for a few seconds. They were both excited and they both knew it.
"If I show you both of them, will you let me go?" she asked.
The deputy pushed for more, "Can you move over to the passenger side seat?" he instructed.
As Kammie slid across the center console as she was told, the deputy walked around to the passenger door. She did not like the way this situation was going. The deputy still had the upper hand and the power. There was no guarantee if she showed herself to him, he would not still write her a ticket. The cop opened the passenger door. Kammie turned sideways in the seat and put her feet on the ground outside. They stared at each other.
"How do I know you aren't going to give me a ticket?" she asked.
Before he could answer, the radio on his belt called him, "Unit 8 is everything 10-4?"
He looked at Kammie as he answered his radio, "Yeah 10-4, I am out with a motorist that's just lost. No citation will be issued. I'm going to give her directions. Unit 8 out."
"There you go," he said, "it's on record now that you won't be given a ticket. You could just drive away if you wanted and there'd not be damn thing I could do about it."
Kammie sat there for a second and considered what he'd just said. She was off the hook but she had implied she'd reward the deputy earlier. Kammie considered driving off. She did not really feel obligated but she actually wanted to reward him.
"So what would you like?" she asked him softly.
"I'd like to see those 'charms' of yours." he said looking at her body.
"Don't you mean my... tits?" she said raising an eyebrow.
"Yes ma'am, I want to see your tits!" he answered excitedly.
Kammie began to unbutton her blouse again. Her bra came back into view and this time she untucked her blouse from her pants. She pulled her top wide open to expose her bra to him. She leaned back on her arms and pushed her chest out. His eyes were fixed on her breasts in the bra. She put her hand on the clasp.
"Are you sure?" she teased.
"Oh yes! I am sure!" he answered.
Kammie unfastened the clasp in the center, and pulled the bra slowly open until both her big tits were exposed to the deputy. Kammie's three inch wide areolas were topped by her long and hard nipples. The deputy He stood there with his mouth open and instinctively put his hand on the front of his pants. His lust for her was evident. Kammie could see the outline of his long manhood, going to the side of his front pocket.
"Can you take it out?" she asked him pointing to his pants.
"You won't mind?" he asked.
"No, I don't mind. I want to see it." she replied.
"Want to see what?" he asked her.
"Your dick! Show me your dick Deputy Smith." Kammie said.
He stood just a few feet in front of her, beside the open car door. His eyes stayed on Kammie's tits while he unzipped his pants. He left his belt on and his pants buttoned. With a little effort due to his erection, he pulled out his hard dick for Kammie to see. It was long and thin, like his arms. Kammie was still sitting in the passenger seat while the deputy stood in front of her. His dick bobbed in the air pointing at her face.
Kammie did not ask before she reached up and wrapped her fingers around his cock. She squeezed his dick and precum streamed out the head, down the shaft, and onto to her hand and arm. Kammie lifted her right tit, and wiped the clear fluid off her hand and across the top of her breast.
"Keep holding that up like that." he said, nodding at her tit.
The deputy stepped up to her. He squeezed another large drop of precum out of the tip. He lowered it, and smeared his precum all over Kammie's hard nipple with his dick. He flipped her nipple back and forth with the head of his cock. It was glistening with his clear pre-ejaculate. He then slapped her right tit with his dick. Kammie turned to offer her left tit to him. As she turned, his dick wiped across her cheek and lips. He was slapping her left tit and she looked up at him and licked her lips. She could taste him where he'd smeared her face. While he rubbed and slapped his dick on her left nipple, he slowly reached and starting touching Kammie's right breast. He gently pinched and pulled her hard nipple. He lifted her tit and squeezed it. She moaned during this, as his hand and dick were all over her tits. Then she stopped him suddenly.
"I'm not going to give you a blowjob" she asserted, "but I will do this."
Kammie reached for his dick and squeezed it again. She stuck out her tongue, and licked the underside of his dick, up toward the head. She licked circles around the head before she put just the tip of his cock in her mouth and sucked the precum off him.
Kammie pushed him back, lifted her tits up and said, "Jack off on these."
The deputy started stroking his cock while he looked at her bare breasts. He did this for a few minutes then he decided to push her for more.
"Can I see your pussy?" he begged.
Kammie did not say anything. She unfastened her belt, unbuttoned and unzipped her pants and pulled them open revealing her panties. She put her hand inside and dipped her finger in her wetness. Kammie pulled her finger out and held it up for him. He leaned in and sucked her finger clean.
She reached in again and this time dipped two fingers inside herself, up to the knuckle. She pulled them out, covered in her wetness, and motioned him closer again. She took his cock and wiped herself all over the shaft and head of it. Kammie looked him right in the eye as she opened and lowered her mouth onto his hard cock. Still looking him in the eye, she slowly pulled his dick out of her mouth, there was a small smacking sound as the head separated from her lips.
"I thought you said you weren't going to give me a blowjob." he asked.
"I wasn't sucking you off, just cleaning you off." she replied.
"I thought you were going to let me see your pussy." he went back to stroking.
Kammie leaned back and pulled down the front of her panties. She had a thin landing strip but was shaved bare on each side.
"That's a really pretty bush but I want to see the rest. I want to see the pink." he told her.
Kammie obediently lifted herself off the seat and pulled her pants and panties from under her. She pulled them all the way down to her ankles. As he watched her, Kammie laid back against the center console. Her feet were on the ground and her knees together. She looked him right in the eye. As her huge tits heaved with her rapid breaths, she parted her knees and spread her legs open showing him her bare pussy. With one hand she played with her tits and the other hand reached down and spread her pussy lips open so he could see her pink.
The deputy thought she looked like a real-life, dirty centerfold. Her nipples were really big, erect and had deep red shade. She was spread eagle and playing with her pussy right in front of him. It looked like she was playing with her clit too. He was standing above her with his dick in his hand, stroking furiously.
Looking at her pussy, he simply said, "One time."
"Ok." she answered.
Kammie's legs were spread and her pussy was soaked. He knelt down and lined up the head to her opening. His dick touched her pussy, he paused for a moment, and looked at her. Pulling on both her nipples, she nodded. He shoved his cock inside her. Kammie moaned as his long thin dick went deep in her pussy.
This was so forbidden. He was a cop on duty, she was a married woman. He had his dick inside another man's wife. There was no condom, no preplanning of this, he did not even know her name, and all she knew was he last name was 'Smith'. He slowly pulled his dick out of her. He laid it on top of her pussy lips and began to stroke up and down across her clit.
She looked down at him between her breasts and said, "Touch them!"
He reached up and took one of Kammie's tits in each hand. Kammie's hips bucked, she looked this stranger in the face as she exploded in an orgasm. It did not take him long after watching her cum. He stood up again and started stroking. Kammie sat up and pushed her tits together for him. He shot several ropes of thick cum across her nipples. Kammie saw some of it land on the company logo of her blouse.
He stood there holding onto the roof of the car, catching his breath. Kammie leaned forward and licked the cum off the tip of his cock. He backed off as the sensation was too much. They looked at each other as they dressed and got themselves in order. Both were silent and possibly a little ashamed about what just happened. It was like they were coming off a high and reality was kicking back in.
"We're never going to see each other again are we?" he asked.
"Hell no! That was not something I do...I mean I did it this time, but I am a good wife." she answered.
"Well...what was your name?" he wondered.
"Kammie." she said, embarrassed that he did not even know her name.
"Well Kammie, let's agree to never tell anyone about this ok? I think we'd both be in deep shit if anyone found out." the deputy thought of his career being ruined.
"I won't tell a soul!" she reassured him.
Kammie left and drove home.
Now here it is, one week later and she had just told this entire story to me.
She told it while jerking and sucking me to an extremely intense orgasm. I was laying there catching my breath, and started to wonder.
"So was any of that true?" I asked her.
"Did you like it? Was it good?" she asked me back.
"It was amazing, but seriously, did that happen or not?" I wanted to know.
"It was just a little something I made up for you silly. I knew you'd like it and I wanted to make you a little extra horny by acting extra naughty. I think it worked." she giggled.
We turned off the lights to go to sleep. In a little while I could hear her softly snoring. I crept out of bed and went to the laundry room. I found the blouse she'd worn last week.
There it was above the pocket, an unmistakable stain on the company logo.