The drive back was difficult. I did my best to stick to back roads, but even then, you get the occasional car, and I couldn't be sure if anyone passing us could see my naked wife. She smiled and waved at each car in the fading light.
The trouble about driving is that, sooner or later, you hit a stoplight. In this particular case, we hit a stoplight on a two-lane road, and a few moments later, another car pulled up next to us, on my wife's side.
"Uh-oh," she cooed. "There's a cute guy in the car next to us. I wonder if he'll notice me?"
My heart pounded in my chest. I glanced over. The guy was staring straight ahead, eyes on the light. He did seem like my wife's type, or at least the type I'd found out about tonight - rugged and muscular, but clean-shaven.
"Heehee. Seems like you're lucky so far. He's not looking this way... yet."
I looked at the lights going the opposite direction. They were still green.
"I wonder what would happen if he just so happened to glance over and notice me? Just imagine. This light's super long. He'd have a good, what, thirty seconds to ogle your naked wife?" She giggled.
My eyes darted back and forth from the lights to the guy. Laura was right - this light took ages. She usually hated getting caught at it. It seemed to be taking a lot longer than usual, but the guy still hadn't looked over. Thank goodn-
My horn beeped, just briefly. Laura had reached over and tapped it. I looked over at her in shock and she just smiled. The guy, of course, had turned to see what the noise was about, to be greeted by my wife turning to smile and wave at him, her breasts on display.
The guy's eyes went wide, and he smiled, his eyes tracing her figure, taking it all in. He pulled out his phone, taking pictures. My wife posed for him.
Finally, the light turned green. I raced off as fast as I could.
Laura laughed like a madwoman. "Ohhhh, poor hubby! Getting a little embarrassed?"
I gave a vague moan. It was embarrassing, and humiliating, so why was it so hot?
She gave my cock a squeeze through my pants. "Don't worry, it's perfectly natural. After all, that guy got a real good look at your naked wife. He even got pictures. Do you like knowing that some random stranger is going to be jacking off to your wife later?"
I nodded.
"I thought so. Just imagine him, stroking his cock to the pictures he got of me, fantasizing about fucking your wife, cumming to the thought of busting inside me..." She giggled. "No one else has fucked me yet, but it won't be long now, I promise you."
I gave a vague little moan, and tried to focus on my driving.
A few minutes later, Laura giggled.
"What?"
"He's following us," she said coyly.
I checked the rear view mirror. Yup, that was him, all right. What did he want? Was he going to...
"Just drive us home, cucky. I'll handle it."
"But-"
"Drive." The word came with a force I didn't dare resist.
I drove us home. The amateur photographer's car followed us all the way home.
"Stay here, honey. I'll sort this out."
"What are you going to do?"
She smiled and shrugged. "He probably has our license plate number now, and I know for a fact he has evidence of indecent exposure. I'm going to convince him not to turn us in. Now, no matter what happens, no matter how long our discussion takes, stay. In. The. Car."
"Y-yes, ma'am."
She got out without another word, going over to the man's car. After a couple of very long minutes of my naked wife talking to the man through his car window, he got out and followed her into the house.
I waited.
And waited.
And waited.
Minutes passed like hours. What were they doing in there? What was that man doing to my wife? What was she willing to let him do to buy his silence? Did she even need the motivation? What would happen now that he knew where we lived?
Finally, they came back out. The man went back to his car and drove off. Laura came back in the car.
"Good boy," she giggled. "You stayed put."
"So, uh... what did you..."
"Floyd and I had a discussion. I convinced him not to turn us in, and not to identify us if he shares his pictures."
"Just a discussion?"
"Of course. You don't think I'd lie to you, do you?" She gave me an innocent smile.
I decided not to press my luck. "... Of course not."
"Good boy. Besides, if we had done anything, it really wouldn't be any of your business, now would it?"
"What do you mean?"
She grabbed my cock again, squeezing it to punctuate her points. "Simple. It's my body. My sex life. My rules. And it's none. Of. Your. Business. Who I fuck. Got it?"
I moaned. "y-yes, ma'am."
"Good boy," she whispered. "Now come inside and I'll give you a nice handjob. You deserve it."
"A handjob? We're not going to.. uh, I mean..."
"Have sex?" She laughed. "You tell me. Even leaving aside the whole 'my body, my rules' thing... After tonight, after you watched a bunch of guys bid on my clothes and strip me, after your friend stuck his dick in me, after you watched dozens of men jizz on my face and in my mouth, after you let me ride home naked, let Floyd take pictures of me, and let me go into the house with him, alone, for I'm not sure how long... after all that, do you really think you have the right to fuck me?"
I didn't answer.
"Good boy. Now, think about this. When those men came on me, when their cum dripped down my body, you remember I was touching myself? Of course, you're a smart boy. You know what I was doing. I was getting myself off, of course, but once their cum dripped down far enough, and especially once they started specifically aiming to shoot their loads on my mound while you watched, I was working their cum inside me. No man has ever fucked me - yes, Floyd really didn't fuck me tonight, but I did give him the blowjob of his life, and you certainly don't count - but I wanted their cum inside me anyway, as a little souvenir. You remember sex ed, right?"
I nodded.
"Sperm can survive inside a woman's body for up to five days. You haven't been inside me for a full week, of course, so there's no trace of you inside me. That mark has been erased. But right now, the sperm of dozens and dozens of men is swimming around inside your wife, looking for an egg to fertilize. Of course, they'll search in vain - I'm still on the pill, for now. But it's enough, isn't it, to know that I'll be carrying a little piece of them inside me for the next five days?"
I moaned.
"Oh, you like that, I can tell," she smiled. "Just think about it, my darling little cuckold." She got up close to me, so I could feel her hot breath on my face, so I could smell the cum on her breath, so she could stare straight into my eyes as she spoke. "In a very real way, those men are still inside your wife, and they will be for five whole days, and there's nothing you can do about it. When we go to sleep tonight, when we go to the store, when we play games together... their sperm will still be inside your wife. Now, ask yourself: do I really want to give you that same honor? Or would I rather you have to deal with the full intensity, the constant reminder of the night you lost the right to your wife?"
She kissed me. "The night she became public property?"
After a moment of stunned silence, she pulled back, still smiling. "I'll come around and let you out. Don't worry, though. You'll always have my hand to bring you off after my little adentures. Eventually, anyway. Have you heard of a little thing called edging?"