It dawned on me the following week that it had been almost a month since our adventure started and I hadn't gotten anything from Ems and I decided to change that. At noon on Friday I sent the following email to her work address:
________________
Mrs. Jones,
Waiting on a response to my email. Check your other account, it may have gone to spam.
Bob
________________
To make sure that there wouldn't be any work fallout, I sent the following email to her personal account:
________________
Ems,
We had an agreement. You would send an email of yourself within a month and I wouldn't send out the attached video to the major porn sites. Well the hour glass is quickly running out of sand. I expect to see an email by 5:00 p.m. tonight. Make sure you don't watch it through a work server. It is very hot."
________________
About an hour later I get the following email from Ems:
________________
"I can't do it, I'm in meetings through 6:00. I need more time."
________________
I sent the following email:
________________
"Call me at XXX-XXX-YYYY"
________________
No sooner did I hit send and my phone rang, I answered "Hello" in my sweetest tone.
"How did you get my work email? Are you trying to ruin me? I have a husband and he isn't up for things like this. Please don't ruin me. UGH, Why did I do this?"
"A little google and social networking got me your work. A couple of sales emails got me your the work email pattern. No I'm not trying to ruin you, just trying to open your limits. Watch the video and I'm sure that it will change your perspective, it is hot. The audio isn't the best so be warned. Also, I saw the wedding ring that you were wearing at the hotel so don't try to play off someone else's video as yours. And I expect a video by 6:30 p.m. local time and a phone call after."
What Ems didn't realize was that I was traveling that week for work and was in London so about the time that we were hanging up the phone, 6:30 local time had passed and I had to follow through with my threat and placed her video on all major porn sites. At 11:25 local time, my email pinged and I had short video from Ems with a note that she would call in 20 minutes when she got home. I watched that video about 10 times before my phone rang, "Hello"
"There, now you have my video. Please don't contact me again."
"Hold up, I want to get to know you. Is that a 1.5 carat ring? How long have you been married? How often do you travel?
"I'm not sharing my details with you."
"Fine I'll start. I have been with my wife, Hazel, as most people know her for almost 16 years. You know her as mistress. We met early in college and have been inseparable ever since. We felt our sex lives getting robotic around the 10 year mark and both realized it at about the same time and knew we each had to work to keep it spicy."
"You made it 10 years, we are at 5 years and I feel that way but I'm not sure about Jacob."
"Who is Jacob?"
"Oh he is my hus... I've said too much, I'm hanging up."
"Let me give you some advice, if you want it to last, communication is truly key. You might get lucky and both be on the same page but I know far too many marriages that failed because of not talking which resulted in hurt feelings and eventually one party looked outside the marriage for a connection. It seems that a lot of times the husband isn't one to ask the wife what she is thinking or listen to what she does say."
"That is him. His parents are old school and were older when they had him so it wasn't a loving house. How did you improve it?"
"We got a 100 sex question card game and took turns asking the other person the question and then we would answer the question. The key is honesty. If you want to try something, let them know. How was it watching yourself?"
"When that link popped up I could only look at it for a few seconds and had to shut it off to get to my meeting. I really don't know what was handled in that meeting, all I could think of where the grunts that you guys were doing that night. I didn't hear what happened during most of my meeting but we had a countdown of steps to take and all I could hear was her slapping your ass and then you keeping count. At about 4 we had a 10 minute break and I went to the rest room to try to release the tension in my body but the stalls were packed. So I instead went to my office to watch more of the video. It was overwhelming watching myself."
"Have you never made a sex tape with Jacob?"
"My God no, he would never."
"Have you asked him?"
"I don't need to, I just know."
"You need to try. How did the rest of the meeting go?"
"The second half of the meeting I could feel my panties soaking wet from my need to watch the video but not being able to do it. The teasing was killing me. I actually faked a call and left the meeting a few minutes early and went to my office to get myself off. It didn't take much time and I wanted to get the video to you with enough time to spare."
"I'd say it didn't take too long to orgasm. Looked like a couple of minutes at most. I haven't seen a pussy in need of release that bad in a long time. Have you had any work done to your lips, they look almost perfect. And the shade it beautiful."
"Well I've never been complimented on my lips before. You don't think that they are too long? What is that noise in the background"
I had been sitting on the email since the call started and I hit send as the clock bongs started. "That is Big Bend, I'm in London right now for work. I always stay at Plaza Park when I'm here. I love hearing the chimes." I heard the email come through on her computer. "Looks like you missed the cut off by a few hours and well a deal is a deal. Follow that link on the email that just came though." You could hear a pin drop in the silence followed by Ems dropping the phone.
Ems picked up the phone and started cursing me out for ruining her life. I cut her off and said "Follow the link!" The title was 'Adventurous Babe spied on my wife fucking me, this is a real video of a voyeur. No Bullshit.' When she opened it, she noticed that her face had been distorted but none of action had been altered. I said "Secrecy is key when it comes to dealing with squares as a kinky person. I would never ruin someone's life in such a personal fashion. Look at the up votes and the comments. You are a natural. Look at the thumbs up, your audience loves you. Can I get your autograph? When is the next time that you are going to be back up my way?"
"In a month and a half, why?"
"See if we can help out your marriage. Why don't you see if Jacob wants to have a get away that weekend? Come for your normal visit and stay in our AirBnB Friday night through Sunday. Hazel and myself will see if we can help you two out."
"You have an AirBnB?"
"Not yet, but give me a few days to come up with one. Do you guys have any food allergies, medications, food loves or hates? Any hobbies that might help out."
"No food allergies or medication. Jacobs loves baked sweets, like cupcakes, and donuts. We like antiques."
"That is great because there is a huge festival on the third weekend of every month. So it will be the 18th, that is the same one you are coming?"
"Yup, that is the one."
"Perfect. Give me a few days to come up with some stuff and I'll send you another email and we will see you at Rosebud Acres on the 18th."
When I got back home, I brought up the idea of trying out an AirBnB with Hazel.
"What? Why?"
"You brought up the idea of entertaining guests before in a B & B fashion and I checked out the licensing required for those and it is a lot but an AirBnB is less. Plus it's a good start to see what we think of it and I'm going to be traveling a tad bit more for work so this might prevent you from getting lonely."
"Where would we stay?"
"Our room. We wouldn't rent out the entire house, only a room or two. You game?"
"Sure. But, I have the feeling that you are planning something else though."
"Nope, nothing going on." I sent a fake flyer describing the housing arrangement to Emily but told her to act natural with Hazel and not say a word since it would be a surprise for everyone. She agreed with the plan. For the following weeks, we redid the guest bedroom. Making it more homey. After everything was done I posted the stuff on a fake site so if our partners wanted to look into it they could. Within a week we had our first booking, a lovely couple from Georgia and they would be here for the weekend of the t8th.
The week before the first guests Hazel was a ball of nerves. "Move this. Change that. Make this perfect. What are we going to do for food?"
"Since they won't be here until after dinner, I figured that we'd have some sort of sweets. Like chocolate cupcakes. For Saturday breakfast fresh fruit, fresh beignets, chocolate chip pancakes. Some sort of sweets for an after dinner snack. Sunday breakfast waffles. How does that sound?"
"Perfect"
Friday the 18th at 5:00 the guests arrived. They signed in and we walked them around the house and the grounds showed them everything. For the next couple of hours we chatted and got to know each other. Emily is a mid-level exec at a medical billing company and Jacob works at his family's shipping company. His family started it over a hundred years ago.
At 7:00 I broke out the home made chocolate cupcakes with powered sugar. We all ate one and wished there had been more. They were all impressed with my first time making them. They were amazed at how moist and perfectly baked they were. I took the acclaim and said, "Before we head upstairs and give you the run of the house, what time do you normally wake up so I know what time to have breakfast out?"
Emily, "I'm normally up at 6:00 and he gets up around 7:00."
Me, "Does 7:30 work for breakfast."
Jacob, "Sounds good to me."
We bid the ado and went to our bedroom. As soon as Hazel closed our door she let loose with her opinions of them. "Man talk about opposites attracting. Emily is a lovely vibrant girl and Jacob is a stuffed shirt. What does she see in him? And her accent!"
"I don't know and quiet down. They are our guests. Now what should we watch?" We watched TV for about an hour and I had Hazel shift to being between my legs so I could rub her shoulders after the week she had. After getting all the tension out of her shoulders and neck I placed a pillow on my stomach so she could lay back and I could rub her from her face on down to her pecs and across to her deltoids. After I figured that she was good and de-tensed, I started knuckling down to her tits and took a nipple for a twist between my fingers and would slowly trail back up to her temples and start over again with my routine. After the guests turned in for the night, I made my move and started to nibble on Hazel's ear.
"Stop, we have guests. Can you open a window, I'm dying, it's hot in here?"
"The temperature is perfect." And I went back to my nibbling and licking her ear while I massaged her mounds.
"Stop, I feel feverish. I think I'm getting sick."
"You aren't getting sick, you are having a reaction from the cupcakes. The powered sugar was crushed up Viagra?"
"Why would you do such a thing?"
"Because we have been talking about having sex in front of other people and I figured that this would be a good starter. Lean forward." I pulled the pillow away and had her scoot closer and then lean back. "Feel that, I've been rock hard since I started the massage"
"You are so naughty. Did all of them have the same treatment?"
"Yup. I had to make sure that everyone was ready." Since she was now in range, I slide my right hand down her front and into her panties. "Yup you are ready."
"A natural reaction to you rubbing my back when I'm not complaining of a sore muscle. She knows what is going to happen."
"Well if you don't want to I can stop"
Hazel grabbed my hand and said "No, don't. I mean you have done all this work...mmmmmm that's what she likes."
I continued to tickle her lips while coating my middle finger with her juices. After I figured it was good and slickened up I slide it up to her clit and started drawing circles on it. With my left hand I drew circles on the outside of her areola of her left breast. I'd occasionally touch her nipple but it was just getting hard trying to find contact. She started kissing my right bicep trying to get more contact with me. I could hear her breathing change and knew she was close when I felt her hand slip under mine and she whispered "Stick some fingers in me."
"I can't hear you, what was that?"
She said slightly louder but not yet her talking voice, "You heard me, make me cum with your fingers."
I knew that she was at the point of no return and pulled both my hand and her hand away from her clit and said "I still can't hear you, what was that?"
She pleaded "No, don't stop, make me cum."
I released her hand and shoved two fingers as deep and I could while giving her hand space to rub her clit. I also started pulling on her nipple and with this she started moaning but had closed her mouth to muffle it. I was having no part of that and pulled on her chin which caused her mouth to open and her to let out an "Oh God Oh God AAHHHHHHHH".
We laid there and I continued to rub her pussy and listen to the other room. I could her a little bit of noise but wasn't quite sure what it was happening. After what felt like an eternity she said "They are starting to fuck. Can you hear the slight rhythmic squeak of the bed. It's not much but it's there. Listen carefully." Sure enough you could slightly hear a slight rock. Hazel put her fingers in my mouth knowing I love to lick her juices off of her fingers. She rose off of me, turned around and before I could ask how she wanted me, she had already pulled my cock from my pajamas and was blowing me. It didn't take to long for her tongue action to have me close since I had been picturing this for the last few days. I told her to slow down, which caused her to pick up the pace. I shifted off the headboard and got on my back but she wasn't releasing my cock unless it was to lick my balls and had me at an odd angle. I tried grabbed her leg to try to pull her into a 69 but she wasn't having it and slapped my hand away and said loud enough to be heard outside the house "You aren't going to muffle your moans when I suck your balls dry." She went back to stroking me why tonguing each ball.
I started moaning from the quickly approaching orgasm and, again quite loudly, she said "Where do you want to cum, my tits or mouth?"
I knew her tits would be exciting but messy. Her mouth was always a pleasure/pain type thing. I yelled "Mouth, suck my balls dry." and let out a moan and she swallowed all of my load. She continued sucking long after I was spent and the over stimulated nerves on the head always make me beg in a tone higher than my normal voice "Please stop, I'm drained." As I lay there catching my breath we could hear them going at it. It sounded like Ems was moaning and he was covering her mouth to muffle it.
Hazel, "Even her moan has a southern twang to it."
The bed was really squeaking now and it quickly stopped. "Do you think they would use condoms or not at a time like this?"
Hazel, "Thanks to us, there was no fore thought to this. I guarantee she is creamy now." With that we heard their door open and her waddle to the bathroom. "Told you so."
"We should probably get to bed, I have a busy morning."
The following morning I was down getting everything ready about 20 minutes before Hazel came down. "Would you like some cupcake batter?"
"No, but I'll have a piece of that chocolate."
"Take some, I have extra." We were like a well oiled machine getting everything cut and baked. We had all the work done and was just waiting for the guests to come down.
Hazel, "Something has been bothering me since last night, what are the odds that they are our first guests? I have the feeling that you are playing me again. Where did you meet him? I mean he doesn't seem like the type of person that you open up to."
"Well you got me. Give me the laptop, I have something to show you." I clicked through our videos. "Now you have seen this video," I brought up the one of Hazel pegging me, "but you need to see the unaltered one."
"Unaltered?"
"You need to watch from the 10 minute mark."
"What am I looking for?"
"Wait for it."
About that time, the door cracked open. "What the fuck?" After a minute or so it slowly opened up and out crawled Ems. "When did you see this?"
"She introduced herself to me that morning when I got you breakfast. She first had the upper hand when she referred to you as mistress and then I got the upper hand thanks to having these cameras."
"This is so hot. Why didn't you tell me?"
"Sorry but I wanted to surprise you with last night." We were watching the video and didn't hear Emily walk in."
As she cleared the door way she announced herself with "Morning Y'allllll." She saw us and then the video of her pleasuring herself and tried to quickly excuse herself.
Hazel, "Stop where you are missy. We have to talk. Sit"
Emily slinked to the table like a child about to be yelled at by her mother "I'm sorr.."
Hazel, "Bob, do you think our guests made a mess on our sheets? The way that Emily waddled to the bathroom, I think that she was filled up. I'm not sure how tight she is, but I have a hunch that there is a mess up there."
Emily was clearly shocked and couldn't answer. I grabbed the chocolate from the counter and offered the group some. Hazel took another piece because she has a sweet tooth and Ems grabbed some trying to buy some time before talking."
Hazel, "So which show was better, the one on the video or the one last night. I can't figure it out?"
Emily could see that Hazel wasn't serious and said like a giddy school girl "Last night made me hotter than hell's pepper patch. When can we go at it again?"
Me, "Well you guys should be feeling something in an hour or so?" They both had a puzzled look on their faces, "You are eating special chocolate. Do you want me to put special sugar on the Beignet's or wait until tonight for that?"
Hazel, "Cut that shit out."
Emily, "What?"
Hazel, "The powered sugar last night was Viagra. What is special with the chocolate?"
Me, "Special aphrodisiac blend."
Hazel, "I'm going to ignore this. Emily, what is your sex life normally like? Positions? Acts?"
Emily, "Missionary most of the time. I've been on top a few times the few times I've jumped him. Lights off unless we do it during the day time. What do you mean act?"
Hazel, "Oral? I know that anal is out of the picture? Mutual Masturbation?"
Emily, "Eww, never done oral. I've heard the taste is bad and the smell down there on guys is horrible. I've accidentally caught him playing with himself and he got mad at me."
Hazel, "Who told you the smell was bad, a friend when you were a teenager?"
Emily, "How did you know?"
Hazel, "Because teenage boys smell horrible. They don't know how to bathe properly. Not saying that I'd suck Bob's dick if he hasn't showered in over a day. But a freshly, or even a day of work is a manly musky smell if it's what you want to do is hot. The taste is something different, but it isn't unpleasant."
Me, "She's not lying about the taste."
Emily, "You've tasted it?"
Me, "She has snowballed me a few times. You must have left the hotel room before I shot."
Hazel, "How was last night for him? We could hear your muffled moans."
Emily, "He had never been so turned on. The lights were actually still on last night."
Me, "Do you think that it was from the additives or the noises?"
Emily, "Not sure. He was rock hard but he had a look I'd never seen."
Hazel, "Well we need to make some plans for today."
Jacob startled us with "So what's happening today?"
I jumped up and said "Well first off I need to finish breakfast. Then Hazel and i were going to the antique show at the fairgrounds. You two are more than welcome to tag along if you want. Have some chocolate if you want. The ladies have been gobbling it up."
Jacob, "Chocolate, don't mind if I do. Emily, do you want to go with them? I mean we shouldn't impose on them."
Hazel, "Nonsense, all we do is walk around and look. I insist, you will come with us."
Jacob, "This is really good chocolate. Is this what you used in the cupcakes last night?
Me, "Yup plus in the ones I'm making this morning."
We had a lovely breakfast talking about life and about the time that we were wrapping up I could see Jacob shifting himself and the girls were also getting antsy. After I cleaned up everything we all went upstairs to get ready for the day. Hazel was getting out of the shower as I reached the room and she was in the armoire looking for some stuff.
Hazel, "Here they are, pulling out the Lush and the Ditto. Plug these in while I get ready."
Me, "Yes mistress. What are you thinking?"
Hazel looked at me with an annoyed look "Cut that out, you are the one that started her up this morning. You still have the apps on your phone for these? I'm thinking that I will use the vibrator while we are walking around. See if we can break our record. Don't start it until we get there. Then when we get back I'll use the plug this afternoon."
Me, "Sounds great."
About an hour later we were in the car and off to look at antiques. For the 45 minute drive there we talked about the show. How often it happens and the number of people that show up. The fact that this show is able to keep most of the crafts out and focus on just antiques.
I had my phone on my left side and had turned had the app turned to max and pressed start after I said, "I heard that they have a record number of vendors here today. I think that have actually opened up overflow for it." If it wasn't for her seat belt I'm sure Hazel would have jumped out of her seat. As we turned the corner to park we could see that the show was much larger than it had ever been. After Ems and Jacob got out of the car, Hazel looked at me with an almost pleading look. "I'll take it easy. We won't go for our record." She kissed me and we set off.
As we were walking around Jacob started with "That mirror that is in our room where did you get it from?"
Me, "Never seen one like it before have you? Neither had I when I stumbled across it in an antique store in Indy. Best as I can tell it is an old tri-fold dressing mirror. I have looked for the name on top but my search did't come up with much."
Ems, "Tri-fold?"
Hazel, "Yup, there are three panels to it. I fold it up so it's just the main one because it's so large otherwise. I'll show you when we get back. Emily, come her there is something I want to show you." She whispered into Ems ear, "Fucking in front of it is amazing. It feels like group sex. You are looking at a ton of people but everyone is looking at you." Emily tried to hide her grin from the image in her mind.
As we walked down the first row Jacob kept getting distracted at the furniture. Hazel walked back to me when the two of them were in a booth looking at antique baby furniture. "When are you going to start this thing? She is dripping."
Me, "I figured next row since it is glassware and dust collectors."
Hazel gave me a peck on my cheek and said "Look at them. If you didn't know how repressed he is they would be a perfect couple."
Me, "I hope that we can help them out and they aren't planning on kid saving them." Hazel had a puzzled look, "We are kinky and all, but sneaking into a hotel room to spy on people is...weird. I mean it's perfect for us but there are a lot of people in the world that would have an issue with it. If we can't get him to open up she ain't going to be around for long."
They came walking out debating how to furnish a nursery. Ever the peace maker Hazel tried to calm everyone, "So what is the issue?"
Jacob, "Nothing."
Ems, "He refuses to put anything that I like in the nursery."
Jacob, "She has horr.."
I cut him off before he could finish his sentence, "She choose you, right? Unfortunately a nursery is for the baby and mother and we are just there to support it. Not saying that you can suggest but they are just that, suggestions. So Ems, what do you want?"
Ems, "We agree on the type of furniture but not color. He wants dark and I want light."
Me, "The next row is glassware and fabrics, Why don't we walk and figure this out." Hazel led the way and I took Ems by the hand and she grabbed Jacob. "Jacob I hate to say this, but I side with Ems. Hear me out. You don't know what you are going to have right? Well a light oak will work with both pink or blue but a dark cherry will only look good with pink. You would be raising a goth kid if you have a boy with blue. Now coatings, Jacob have you ever seen a white stain on cedar. It brings out the natural grain, it's light, and not standard. How does that sound?"
Jacob, "Fine I guess."
Me, "You don't have to go with my suggestion, but a marriage is compromise."
Hazel, "That's right, you need to talk with your partner about wants and desires. Let's start." She shot me a glance and grabbed Ems by the hand and off they went. She said something to Ems who gasped and looked back at me. I knew what needed to happen." I opened the app and just she was walking into a booth I turned it on a slow vibrate. While she knew what was going to happen, she always gets startled and jumps a little when it turns on.
I was planning my next move when Jacob spoke up, "Can I ask you something personal, how do you guys make it work? I mean my parents had me late and I didn't notice their cold relationship until they were together thirty-five ish years but it struck me that they had never been really warm towards each other."
"One word, communication. If there is something that you want, your partner won't know unless you say something. But at the say time, you need to be willing to listen to their wants and needs. If you are good at it then it will be second nature." About this time I saw that Hazel was putting down a plate she had been inspecting and I flipped the buzzer from low to a high oscillating wave. She dropped the plate a couple inches and whimpered some. The seller didn't notice anything but Ems was enthralled with her performance. A breath or two later and Hazel had composed herself and I turned the vibrations back to low.
"But what if I'm ashamed by it?"
"Did you pledge to love and honor Ems in your vows?"
Jacob paused for a bit and responded with "Yes"
"Well honor is a two way street. Would you want her to keep secrets from you? Not talking presents type stuff. Major event type things. I'm betting no. Well put the shoe on the other foot." About this time the ladies were walking across the aisle to another booth and I turned it up to medium and Hazel stumbled some. Ems, was next to her and stabilized her. I didn't turn it down this time. They walked over by a column that Hazel could lean on and look at some fabrics that were hung. Ems walked away so she could get a good view of the show.
Jacob, "But these are really embarrassing things. I don't know how Emily would react."
"You don't have to tell me but are you in the closet, have an affair, or not in love?"
"No, why would you ask such a thing?"
"Because two of those are things that a relationship can't survive and one would be a lot of work. Anything else can be worked through with an honest dialogue. Besides Ems, isn't there anyone you can talk to about this? No close friends, family, cousins?"
"Nope"
"Fine, confide in me. No judgement. What is it?" Jacob wasn't talking and based on her movement I knew that Hazel was close. "I'm going to go and see if Hazel needs anything. Give it some time, no pressure." As I got closer I could see that Hazel was having a hell of a time standing on her own as I walked up next to her I asked "Does mistress see anything she likes, can I help?" Hazel couldn't open her mouth for fear of a moan escaping but just looked up at me pleadingly. "Would you like to see a higher selection." She shook her head and I turned it to max. All she could do is grab my hand with her free hand and let loose with her first orgasm and her knees wavered slightly. If she hadn't been biting her lip she would have screamed out. I held her up so she wouldn't fall. After she regained her normal breathing rate I turned the toy off and kissed her on the top of the head.
Ems walked up, "That is so hot. Where did you get that from? How often do you do this? How is it to cum in public?"
Me, "Shop around the corner, from the house. We don't do it too much."
Hazel, "Once a month. It is amazing. I got some drool on this blanket. I guess we are buying it."
Ems, "What are you talking about with Jacob?"
Me, "A lot of the same stuff we talked about but more personal. But it's a secret. I'm going to head back."
When I got back to Jacob he was a bundle of nerves and whispered "I want to cum in Emily's mouth and have her spit it back in my mouth."
"You want a Snowball?"
A little old lady overheard and said "They are over by the entrance."
Jacob looked like he wanted to crawl into a hole and never come out. I said "Thanks. I knew I had seen them here but couldn't remember. Do you like snowballs? Do you like them from that vendor?"
She responded, "They are a guilty pleasure of mine and I get one every time I see a vendor. But his, they are too sour and runny. There is another vendor that I see from time to time that are sweet and much larger."
I said, "You are quite the snowball connoisseur. Thanks for the help." After she walked away I said to Jacob "That kinky old bitch. That other vendor must eat a lot of fruit and not cum that often."
Jacob started laughing uncontrollably and said "You don't care about much do you?"
"Not when it comes to pleasure that doesn't hurt anyone. I thought that you were going to say that you wanted to dress up like a baby or something."
"What? Have you ever done that?"
"Baby stuff, no. Snowball, yup. I mean we don't do it all the time but some times the feeling strikes and we just go with it."
"What does it taste like?"
"Slightly salty. What does Ems pussy taste like?"
"I don't know, she doesn't want to do anything besides intercourse. Just missionary."
"You've never eaten her out, has she ever blown you?"
"Nope, I tried after we first met but she froze up and refused to do it."
"Let me guess, you put your hand on her head? Have you said anything since?"
"Nope. She was the fist person that I had ever been with and I shut that down."
"You were both young. You might want to just talk some when you two are alone." It was about now that we finished up the aisle and the ladies walked up arm in arm. Hazel was carrying a bag with a sloppy grin and Ems seemed on edge.
After the turn, the vendors had some paintings which I never cared for but Hazel and Jacob were curious to see what the vendors had. This left me and Ems behind. When they were out of earshot Ems implored "What did you talk about?"
"Sex. What he wants."
"And?"
"I'm not telling. You need to talk to him. But don't worry, it isn't any wilder than your kink. I was afraid that it was something that you couldn't work through but it isn't an issue." We continued to trail behind them and just talk about whatever was on our minds. "You were talking at nursery stuff, are you planning on having kids?"
"Yup, we got off birth control a few months back but haven't gotten lucky yet."
"How often do you do it?"
"Every other week"
"That won't work, need more practice. Plus after he fills you up, don't run off to the bathroom. Also, try doggy so the swimmers aren't fighting gravity."
"You know those don't do anything."
"They might not, but he might not realize that and you can change up positions."
"I never thought of that. How does that toy work?"
I pulled my phone out bringing the app up. "You select the pattern you want or do a custom one and press start"
"Like this?"
As she said that I was saying "Don't" because Hazel and Jacob were side by side going through stuff. No sooner did I say that and Hazel yelped from a booth. I held my hands up and pointed at Ems.
Hazel was mouthing "No, Please Stop" and holding up her hands in a pleading fashion.
Ems said, "What, I can't hear you?" and went back to playing with my phone. All Hazel could do is breath and try to hold down the orgasm that was steadily building. Jacob went through four stacks of painting but hadn't found anything he liked and had given up on that vendor. He motioned to Hazel who clearly hadn't heard anything he had said. She slowly walked behind him occasionally twitching while trying to get to the next booth to hopefully orgasm in peace. About the time that she got to the next booth she climbed up to a stack of paintings and started looking.
"I think that she is getting close. I'm going to get a front row seat to the show. When I tell you to stop, give her a chance to breath." When I walked up, Jacob was finishing his inspection and signaling he was done with that booth. "Hazel, that one in your hand looks nice. Jacob, why don't you go ahead and she will catch up after we buy it."
Hazel, in a cracking voice "Yeah, I awww lllike this ooonne."
Jacob, "Ok, see you in a booth or two."
I got in behind Hazel, set the blanket on another stack, and grabbed the picture rack so she could stabilize herself against me. Whispering "Want me to tell you what Jacob wants." Hazel shook her head yes. "He wants a sloppy blowjob from Ems. Maybe play with his balls some. Can you picture that?" Based on her squeezing my arm, I could tell she was close. "He wants Ems to suck him dry." She was starting to hold her breath and was getting close, "She isn't to swallow it, he wants her to spit it back into his mouth."
Hazel exclaimed with a throaty "Yeah"
"He is afraid of the taste and I told him that it isn't bad. I didn't tell him that while snowballing is fun eating a cream pie from a hot slut is amazing. Nothing like a post orgasm pussy, all flush with blood, slightly gaped from your cock. Just tastes like love." This drove her over the edge and she let out a sigh as a bead of sweat appeared on her brow. A couple of people were looking as us and I said "Haven't you ever seen the Sistine Chapel. I was describing the smells and sights." I looked back at Ems and true to our deal she turned off the app.
After we calmed down, we walked out and Ems was looking at my phone. "HUH, I didn't know that our room was videoed."
Me, "Did you see the one from our bedroom? The only areas that aren't are the toilet. Well we should probably hurry up and catch up with Jacob.
Hazel, "We'll catch up, Bob help me carry this package to the car?"
Me, "It's not that big, but OK."
When we got to the car I opened the rear hatch and placed the blanket in the back and no sooner did I close it and Hazel pushed me between the cars and opened the back doors. She shoved me inside while jumping in and closing the door. She had my cock out and was stroking it hard while kissing me. It didn't take long for pre cum to start easing out and she licked the head clean. "God I love that. Here something for you to lick clean." She pulled the dripping pink Lush from her panties and placed it into my mouth and went to back to the blowjob. About the time that I was getting close to my orgasm, the toy was clean and the her taste was only a memory. I wanted more and tried to slip in a finger but she kept my hand away. About the time that I was about to lose it she stopped the blowjob. I thrust my hips in an attempt to get more contact but she had pulled away. "Not yet. I want the boys completely filled for later."
"No, I need release. I'll make more. Please!"
"Nope, you can suffer with blue balls until later. Now we should probably find them."
We caught up to them about the time that they were finishing a second aisle and they were deep into a conversation about the future.
Hazel, "So what you talking about?"
Ems, "How to lay out the nursery. We are going to go with a cradle with round spindles. Color is my choice. We are going to use his bassinet and he is going to let me change the color if I want to. We are going to go with his name choices."
Me, "Sounds like a plan. We are both tired, do you want to keep going walking around or go and get lunch?"
Jacobs, "Looking at the time, we should probably go and get lunch."
When we got home, Ems had a taste for Chinese and the rest of us decided that we weren't opposed. Since Jacob and Hazel had been complaining about sore legs they were going to jump in the hot tub so could I take her to get the food. Ever the host I agreed. We had just left and she started with "Where is that shop you were talking about?"
"The Chinese restaurant is this way."
"Not that shop, the other one."
"Oh that one, it is in the same parking lot as the restaurant so we can kill two birds with one stone."
As we walked in, Becky greeted us with a "If it isn't one of my favorite customers. What are you getting today?"
Ems looked at me and I responded with "It's a long story. I'm just a driver today. Ems, tell her what you want."
Ems, "What is that remote toy Hazel that had this morning. Plus do you have one for a guy?"
Me, "Lush is what Hazel had this morning."
Becky, "Oh yes, I love those for public play. While we don't have anything like that exactly for guys, this Max 2 is from the same maker and I guess could be used for public play if your clothes are selected properly. I know my slave loves to hate his."
Ems, "I'll take them both."
About the time that we were walking out, our food was ready so Jacob was none the wiser as to our trip. As we were returning home, Hazel was on her way to the hot tub in a white bikini. "You guys should join me and Jacob."
Me, "Dinner is here."
Ems, "It can wait. I'll get my suit. Where is Jacob?"
.
Jacob, "Up here."
Hazel, "Looks like we will eat later. See you guys outside."
About the time that I got outside the three of them were in the hot tub and Hazel was leading the conversation but had to speak up since the bubbles were already going. "We ordered this one special. We had tried a bunch but didn't like the seating arrangements and the jets were just off, until we found this custom maker. We had them add in a few custom jets. Bob, be a dear and turn them on. Say program three with a few minute delay."
Me, "Will do and great choice on the program."
Ems, "While I can't fully speak for Jacob I'd like to thank you for welcoming us into your AirBnB. This has probably been the best vacation that we've had since our honeymoon."
I was settling into my seat, and counting down for the fun and responded, "I'd like to think that after this weekend, you are no longer just guests but friends."
Jacob piped up, "If you would grace us with that title we'd be honored."
I was settling in for the ride when Hazel stated "Bob, I think that we should get out and let them enjoy the ride by themselves."
Me, "Are you sure?"
Hazel, "Well stay if you want to but I'm heading in." Due to her sitting position in the tub, none of us had realized that she had taken her top off until she stood up and had her tits hanging out. When her ass cleared the water, her bottoms were almost transparent and we could all see her shaved pussy. As she climbed out, we all were staring at her and she she bent over to pick up her towel, the light on the butt plug was flashing. She slowly walked away with her hips moving from side to side.
I sat there for a second letting the image soak in and watching her ass until she disappeared and said "I think that I will follow her orders and see you two for dinner. Wait for the bubbles to stop" I bounded to the door and as I was closing the kitchen door I heard the bubbles start up and our friends gasp.
As I reached the bedroom, Hazel was holding my prostate plug and the lube, "Drop your trunks, mister."
I made sure that I took my time and reached all the way to my toes to take them off. No sooner did I step out of the trunks and Hazel pushed me to the bed and was rubbing lube on my anus and gently slide a finger in. I let out a sigh and followed up with "It can take at least two." Just as two started to clear my throat, she started stroking my cock and the 'ooooooo' continued until I was out of breath.
Hazel let out a laugh, "There's three and I could probably put in a fourth but I want the plug to stay in so I'm not stretching this out." She removed the hand from my cock and put lube on the plug and exchanged her fingers for the plug. Once the muscle tightened around the intruder. "Get on the bed, I'm going to drain those swollen balls."
I scampered up and ready. She followed behind me and I asked, "What about your plug and the bottoms?"
"The plug was just for their show and is out. The bottoms are staying on" She pulled it over to the side and in one motion, my dick was completely buried tight sleeve. After a short breather to get used to my cock, she started to ride me like she was a jockey coming out of the last turn.
Since it had been all day, I was on edge quickly. "If you don't slow down, this won't be a long session."
"I'm close, hold on, hold on, hold on."
"Please stop I'm about to...don't stop, don't stop, ahhhhhh cumming." Spurt after spurt I shot. It felt like I was being drained of everything.
As I was coming back to consciousness, Hazel was still on me but was furiously rubbing her clit and shouting "FFFUUUUUKKKK" as she orgasmed.
When she saw that I was aware of my surroundings again, she teased me with "OOOOO, Feels like you filled me completely up." She climbed off my cock and scampered up my body and squatted over my face, while pulling her bottoms to the side and said "Taste our love and dribbled our juices onto my extended tongue. After it seemed like everything was out, I grabbed her thighs and pulled her snatch onto my mouth and jammed my tongue as deep as I could into her canal. I was licking every inch until I could find no more. I was oblivious to anything besides my search and as I gave up my search after my jaw was sore, Hazel collapsed to my side on my side out of breath and clearly post orgasm. She laid there and finally asked "What does it taste like?"
I was trying to figure out how to describe it and I noticed she still had her bottoms on. I threw a leg over her chest and tore her bottoms off and wiped them on her lips having a hunch that some of our juice had dribbled out of her open passage. When she said "MMMMMMM", I knew that I was right.
"While the taste isn't unpleasant, it's the entirety of the event that is amazing."
"We should probably get down stairs, our food is getting cold.
We threw our suits back on and went down stairs before Ems and Jacob came in and were setting out the plates and heard the door open.
Hazel, "We should hurry up and eat while it's still warm."
Ems, "Program three is amazing. Is that a standard option?"
Hazel, "Nope Bob came up with it himself."
Me, "Program three is set to 'Ride of the Valkyries' right as the winds take over from the strings. I spent a fair amount of time trying to model exactly where the extra jets needed to be placed the hit the clit or sack. If you slide forward, it pushes against your anus."
Ems, "Can you tell us who you got that from? Jacob, wouldn't it be great to have our very own hot tub like that?"
He didn't answer and was clearly trying to figure something out.
Hazel, "We will send you the manufacturer's contact. Tell them to give you the Bob package."
The ladies could tell that Jacob was having trouble with something but I gave them a signal to let him work through his thoughts. After a few minutes of eating and talking about some of the stuff that we saw Jacob started to come out of his funk and started to open up. When dinner was wrapped up I told Jacob to go and watch TV and we would clean up. After he left the room I said to Ems, "He is acting weird, did you blow him in the hot tub?"
Ems, "Yeah, I think I messed up."
Hazel, "Because he kissed you afterwards?"
She didn't have to answer, the look on her face was all we needed. I said "He is having doubts about himself. Does this make him gay? What do you think of him. About a million different things. We are going to have movie night to show him we all have kinks. Get close to Jacob and play with his dick some. Get him excited and his inhibitions will go away."
Hazel, "What did you think of your first blow job? How was the taste? No smell, right?"
Ems, "It was great. The taste wasn't bad but the consistency trying to swallow was hard. But the look in his eyes as I made him cum, I felt I could take on the world."
Me, "If you want to, you can try again. But you have to get him really hard. Might want to wait until he relaxes some."
As we walked into the room Hazel started the conversation like a natural freak, "So what did you think of the five minute ride?"
Ems, "Wow is all I can say. I think the most exciting part was the anticipation and then when it hit it almost drove us out of the hot tub. I'm embarrassed to ask this, but how does it um feel if I uh..."
Hazel, "Let the water go against your anus? Just by itself isn't that amazing but if you are masturbating it is powerful. Anything you want to watch on TV?"
Ems, "Not really. Your choice." She slid up to Jacob and partially laid down with her head on his shoulder and hand on his thigh.
Hazel told Jacob that 1175 was normally a furniture restoration/repurposing show and they all settled in for a bit. I had my tablet out and was doing some editing and right as the show was wrapping up we were ready for movie night.
Me, "Hazel, can I have the remote so we can watch a movie. I can only take so much of this repurposing crap. Leave them in their natural state. Am I right Jake?"
This startled Jacob. He hadn't been called Jake since high school. Only his younger friends called him that. "Yeah, I like the antiques to be in their original state."
Me, "Let's watch 'Fight Club'. The ladies weren't too excited by this but let us have our way. The movie had no changes until Tyler's Movie Theater Job and instead of a cock, it was an image of Ems in the hotel room. The room went silent and they all questioned what they saw but didn't say a word. The rest of the movie was unchanged until the Marla and Tyler sex scene and I had added Ems and Jakes adventure in the montage.
Jake, "What was that? Where did you get those pictures?"
Me, "Jake, remember when I said that we all have desires. Well let's start with the real movies." I started with the hotel movie at the nine minute mark. "This is the first time that Hazel fucked me in the ass. I had never brought it up but we had been doing more and more adventurous things, I needed her to take the lead so I sort of tricked her on this one. But when she took me, it felt powerful." We watched in silence until the door started to open, "We had talked about having sex in front of other people but had never done it yet. Luckily someone took that out of our hands." Slowly a head popped out from behind the dresser. Jake was slack jaw as he noticed that it was his wife. He was about to say something and I said "Before you say anything that you will regret, just watch."
I wasn't sure if Ems was getting turned on by this or was only trying to get Jake ready because she had begun to fondle his balls outside of his trunks when I noticed that her other hand was between her thighs and saw the muscles in her forearm moving. We continued to watch as she brought her self to orgasm and I scurried up the bed. Jake's cock was ready and Ems had shifted her hand and was squeezing his cock on the outside of his shorts.
I turned off that video and turned on the video of our bedroom. "Notice our swim suits?" I had it queued up to when we entered the room and pressed play. "While I normally need to be in the right mindset for this if Hazel wants to do something I'm game to take direction." About this time the fingers comment was said.
Hazel, "Yeah, not buying that one."
Me, "Don't spoil it."
Jake, "What is that in her hand?"
Me, "My cock in one and a prostate plug in the other. If I'm on edge this is an orgasm amplifier." We scampered up the bed and Hazel mounted me. We continued watching until I begged to cum. I paused it and changed the screen to black. "We have every room in the house recorded with multiple angles." With that I turned to the ones over looking the hot tub and it was queued to the end of the Valkyries right as Ems stopped moaning. "Hazel, I haven't seen this so lets listen." If Ems hadn't shifted her hand to be inside his shorts and was clearly stroking it I'm not sure what Jake would have done, but as it was he was enjoying the attention.
From the surround sound Ems' voice rang out "Sit on the edge." As he was getting up Ems pulled down his trunks and was almost slapped by his dick. She grabbed it to stabilize it when he sat down and she swallowed it until her mouth was against her hand. We had never heard sucking sounds from our surround sound like that before. Jake was clearly enjoying it but wasn't making any noises. The muscles in his face were showing a level of pleasure I'm sure that had never felt but he was stone silent. If Ems hadn't been engrossed by it I'm sure that she would have been self-conscious, but she was in the zone and wanted this. It didn't take too long and all the muscles in his body tensed up and he shot into her mouth. Ems eyes flew open at the shock but closed them and had a happy look as she continued to consume him. As his stomach muscle stopped contracting he pulled her mouth from his still dribbling dick and went in tongue first for a kiss. The look of shock on Ems face was astounding.
Hazel, "So what did you think when he kissed you?"
Ems, "In honesty I was just enjoying the sensation of what I had just done. Tasting him. Mad at myself for waiting this long to do this. Annoyed that I listened to my Sorority Sisters when it came to this. I didn't realize that he was doing anything until I felt him kiss me and it shocked me back into reality." If she had not been stroking him I'm sure that he would have gotten up and stormed out but his legs weren't going anywhere.
Me, "You almost missed the last part." I turned our bedroom video back on no sooner did the view from Hazel crawling up me from the back it changed to the video on the head board. The look of shock on their faces when she dribbled our juices into my mouth was great. Their jaws dropped when I placed my hands on her thighs and pulled her down onto my face and ate her to orgasm.
Jacob, "What does that taste like."
Me, "I'm not going to tell you, you need try it yourself. I will give you one pointer, you need to relax and give your partner vocal ques. Don't clamp down."
Hazel, "Jake I think that you should take Emily upstairs and return the oral favor."
On Sunday morning they were getting ready to leave and just waiting for the Uber to the airport. They were fully spent but looking forward for future adventures when the doorbell rung.
Me, "Who is that?"
Ems looking at her phone, "It's not our ride."
Hazel, "Probably Candice but she is an hour early, go and see."
I got up and opened the door, "Candice, Good morning, Need any help with anything?"
Candy, "Can you go and get the canvas from the car?"
When I got back in the house Hazel was introducing everybody. "This is our good friend Candice. She offered to paint our portrait to add to our art in the house."
As everyone was shaking hands I saw a glint as Candice and Ems hands touched. After a few minutes of basic chit chat their car arrived and they left. No sooner did the door close and Candice said "Tell me about Emily. What is her deal? Never had a Southern Belle before"
Hazel, "Bob, grab the computer."