This is the third and final part, of my story 'My First Spanking, In The Beginning, so you may wish to read the first two before you start on this.
A knock on my door and there was Father White, hugging me and asking how I was feeling.
"Oh so much better, Father, thanks to you."
And so I was, it was the morning after my 'illness' and my lovely friend Father White bathing me. After he had left last night, I had a gorgeously enjoyable time masturbating myself, thinking about Father White and the wonderful bath he had given me.
I had woken up with the previous day's memories still providing tingles throughout my body, the memory of Father White's fingers probing me, his lovely soapy hands all over every inch of my body and here he now was, to see how I was doing.
I had bathed and dressed, a vest and a short skirt, white panties and bra, and there was Father White in his regulation black suit and clerical collar. He was 72, he wasn't what you might call good looking, he had a little paunch and a balding head, but to me, he was incredibly handsome. With his arm around my shoulder, as though I still needed assistance from my weakening 'illness', we walked to the kitchen, putting the kettle on for a cup of tea, which was always first on the schedule when Father White visited.
It was a lovely morning; the warmth of the morning sun was sufficiently warming to require the lounge windows to be open wide, letting a mild balmy breeze cool things a little.
As we sat side by side on the couch, it seemed like our idle chatter was masking certainly what I was still thinking about, and I wonder if Father White was still thinking about it too.
Since yesterday my mind had played my bath over and over again. Every soapy detail was revisited, then revisited again. Did he really wash me? Did he really have his hands and fingers everywhere? Our rather limited small talk this morning was telling me that it was still uppermost in both of our minds.
"Well young lady, I think it's high time we got back to business, would you like to assume the position?"
It took a second or two for my brain to figure out what exactly he was talking about. I was, in my mind, still replaying his soapy hands on me, but gosh yes, he means a spanking.
"Sorry Father, I was miles away," well I was actually about 4 metres away in the bathtub, or my mind was anyway. But what a nice way to start the day, getting my little bum spanked by this lovely man.
I stood up, unfastened my skirt, stepped out of it and placed it on the arm of the couch. 'Ooh, I think a bare bum spanking this morning' I was thinking, 'let's hope he takes his time with it'. And with that, I pulled my panties down and stepped out of them, placing them on top of my skirt.
Every time I've been naked, or semi-naked like this in front of Father White, my whole body tingles. I feel the resultant moistness at the uppermost part of my thighs gradually begin to sexily lubricate me. I stood in front of him ready for my spanking, still in my top, but now naked from the waist down. I'm sure I could feel the very beginnings of a very slow trickle of my wetness emerge from within, no doubt making my pubic hair glisten slightly. I liked having a little pubic hair, I keep it shortish and neat, and when I masturbate myself, I like the feel of my hair as my fingers delve. I also enjoyed standing in front of Father White with my vagina on show. Was he looking at it? Was he remembering how it felt when he washed it?
"Assume the position please Emily," his words woke me from my daydream and placing my hands on his thighs to steady myself, I positioned my body across his lap. His hand resting on my bare bum to steady me into position. Mm that hand on my bare bum, it never ceased to be enjoyable. As I settled myself, I opened my legs a little more than was probably required, but hey I was in this position to enjoy myself.
Father White seemed to have developed a routine since he started spanking me. It would begin with his hand just resting on my bare bum as he reminded me about God's goodness.
"Jesus saves us from our sins by his word, through which he calls sinners to repentance."
Those words had become the norm as he would begin to spank me, and would remind me that Father White was doing this to help keep me on the right path in life. That would always make me feel a little guilty, he was doing this in God's name, and in a way, I was taking advantage of his goodness.
That internal debate I was having with myself, however, had begun to diminish over the past weeks, as I was increasingly getting the impression that Father White was enjoying spanking me too.
The hard smack of his hand on my bare bum brought me back to the here and now once again. 'Ouch, that one hurt' I was thinking, but the gentle stroking of my bum cheeks after the smack soothed the pain but increased the tingling between my legs. 'Gosh I hope I'm not dripping on his trouser leg' I was thinking, how embarrassing. I will have to take a quick glance as I get up after the twelfth.
The second and then the third were just as hard, I could begin to feel the stinging now and that numbness, but it felt wonderful nonetheless.
Successive smacks were making me squirm on his lap. Incredibly enjoyable, but stinging and painful nonetheless. Ooh, I so loved my bare bum being spanked.
We were soon up to the twelfth, ending all too soon really, but twelve was the number 'dad' had indicated, and twelve it was. The last smack echoed around the room and as his grip on me relaxed, I eased myself up off his lap. My hands instinctively going to my burning bum cheeks, ouch they hurt. I half turned from Father White as he sat there.
"Is it red?" I asked, showing him my bare bum and the results of his handiwork.
"It's quite red today, yes," he said as he cupped and stroked each cheek with his right hand.
I so loved the feel of his hand on my bum, the gentleness and tenderness after the hard spanking. My mind suddenly darted back, 'quickly check his trouser leg,' and as he continued to survey his efforts, a quick unobtrusive glance showed a definite sign of my having been there. Gosh, how embarrassing, maybe he hadn't spotted it, maybe it will seep in and not leave a mark. Or maybe he enjoyed that, maybe he liked the fact that him spanking my bum had made my vagina leak.
Any which way, as he settled himself back into the couch, I stepped into my panties and then my skirt, fastening the fastener as I offered Father White another cup of tea.
"I won't this morning thank you, Emily, I have a busy schedule today, but I'll stop by later this evening to see how you're feeling if that's ok?"
I had virtually forgotten my 'illness', so had to quickly turn on my 'gradually recovering patient' look.
"Of course Father, let me give you my spare front door key though, just in case I'm asleep, don't bother knocking just come in, it's fine."
And with that, I took the spare key out of my lounge unit drawer and handed it to him as he rose to depart.
"If I see you sleeping, I'll creep out again, you need your sleep after being so unwell," and with that and a hug goodbye, he was gone.
My bum was still burning from the spanking and I needed to poo. As I sat on the toilet, my mind was wandering, still full of the pleasure of such a lovely spanking, my bum cheeks pressed down on the toilet seat were reminding me how tender they were now feeling.
As my bum finished what it was doing, I was having further thoughts about Father White and his visit tonight. Wiping my bum, it suddenly came to me, 'what if...?' Yes, that was it; my devious mind was in planning mode once again. It was suddenly running ahead so quickly that I had to bring myself back to the real world again. After several wipes, a flush of the loo, panties up, skirt back in place and over to the sink to wash my hands, my mind started up again. Yes, a plan was being formed, that's what I'm going to do.
The day seemed to drag by, lunch of a salad seemed rather bland, my mind was elsewhere, he would be back in a few hours.
Would I really be brave enough to do this? How shall I arrange things? There were so many questions I was asking myself, but if it all went to plan, how exciting and enjoyable could this be.
Father White had told me a few days ago that he was being re-assigned to another parish in the north. Apparently, the Priest there had died suddenly and they needed a calming and experienced Priest to step in almost immediately. I was incredibly sad when he told me; I was going to miss him immensely. It wasn't just the spanking I was going to miss, it was him. He had become such a lovely friend. I had enjoyed getting to know him, enjoyed our closeness, and even though there was nothing openly sexual in our friendship, he had still seen and touched parts of me that no man had done before.
If he was leaving soon, then let there be no further barriers to his last few visits. I had formulated a plan in my mind now. He had my spare key, I'd told him to just come straight in. Yes, my mind was set. I'm going to do it, what the heck. If he rushes off, never to return, then so be it, it will be sad to lose him, but as my lovely Grandma always says 'you can't make an omelette without breaking a few eggs.'
He'd indicated that he would return in the evening, and by his normal routine that would be about 8.30 pm. It could vary slightly, but he was a creature of habit and I would have put money on two or three minutes either side of 8.30.
It was now just after 6 pm, so a quick bath. I looked at myself naked in the bathroom mirror as the water ran, filling my tub. I looked ok, my nails were all short, I don't wear garishly coloured nail varnish, I'm not into bright colours or long nails, just a neatly manicured nail and some natural lacquer, just to make them a little shinier than normal. My pubic hair was fine, neat and tidy. I've never been a very hairy person anyway, I shave under my arms and they're always hairless. I got my legs 'sugared' a few times a couple of years ago for my sixteenth birthday and the very fine light hair I used to get on my legs had virtually disappeared, so everything is smooth and silky.
The warm water felt lovely as I lay back in the tub, the coconut bath oils were doing their work, and my skin was feeling soft and sexy. I could quite easily have laid there and drifted off into a wonderfully sexy warm watery doze, but I needed to concentrate. I washed my hair, not as sexily as Father White had yesterday admittedly, but a routine wash. After rinsing the shampoo out of my hair, I grabbed the towel I'd rested on the edge of the bath and proceeded to dry. A few minutes later with the towel neatly encasing my hair in a towel turban, I started my normal body washing routine.
Lying back and with a squirt of liquid soap in my hand, I raised my left leg and started to wash. Thigh, knee, calf, ankle, foot, between my toes, the sole of my foot, then down again. Then the right, same procedure. Next my arms, right first, under my arm, armpit, down to my fingers, then the left arm. Strange how we get into routines, I've once or twice started my washing routine on my arms rather than my legs, and it's weird how even that can knock you off course. Anyway, arms done, another squirt of liquid soap, my right hand now behind me trying desperately to reach and wash every inch of my back, I really do need to buy a long-handled loofah.
Another squirt, then my titties, my nipples popping up the minute they're soapily washed, rib cage, and then belly. Routines are routines and as I get myself into a kneeling position in the bath, legs as far apart as they will go under the constraints of the width of the bath, another squirt of soap and my right hand goes between my thighs, washing my vagina. My hands then soap my still slightly stinging bum, soapy fingers between my bum cheeks, my little bum hole, mm that always feels nice as I push my soapy finger inside. Hey, a girl likes to be clean everywhere you know!
With body washed, next my face, and once I've rinsed, I can open my eyes again. Don't you just hate it when you get soap in your eyes!
I rinse all the soap off my body by laying back down, submerging myself under the water up to my neck, the plug pulled, I stand up and reach for my big bath towel. I step out of the tub and start to dry. The gurgling of the last of the water down the plughole, a swish around to clean, towel off and now sitting naked on the closed lid of the toilet, I begin the next part of my bathing routine.
My skin is quite soft anyway, but coconut oil after each bath certainly helps to keep it that way. As I slowly massage every inch of my body with the oil, my mind gets back into planning mode.
As the time gets nearer, preparations are checked, and with the time almost here, one last look in the mirror, yep, I look ok. With only minutes to go, I better get into position.
And punctual as ever, I hear the key in the door. There are butterflies in my stomach. I hear the gentle closing of my front door, I'm counting in my mind the few steps to my bedroom door, and then it opens.
My lovely elderly friend the Parish Priest, walking in on his teenage parishioner as she sexily masturbates herself, partly laid back on my pillows, my knees are drawn up and my legs are open wide and my 8-inch fake penis is deep inside my vagina. He could see everything. Little innocent virginal me had been caught masturbating myself.
I'm not sure if in those first fleeting moments I could read on Father Whites face what was going through his mind, but to try and show him that finding me like this was just an innocent accident, I quickly pulled it out and closed my legs, proffering apologies to him with the most innocent and embarrassed look on my face as I could muster.
"I'm so very sorry," he was saying, "I didn't think..., I should have knocked."
"No no, really Father it's all my fault, I lost all track of time, I'm so so sorry," and to show how upset and embarrassed I was, I felt a tear or two in my eyes and my face in my hands might do the trick, and it did too. He was right over to me, taking me in his arms as he sat on my bed. My glistening fake penis laying on the bed between us, my naked body still in a state of excitement.
"I just feel so embarrassed," I said, holding onto him as he held me in his arms.
The initial shock for him now seemed to be passing and he was smiling a little and brushing my hair away from my tear-filled eyes. He was trying to make me feel better, smiling at me and hugging me each time I looked up at him.
"I didn't realise sweet young girls like you, did things like that," he said still smiling at me.
He was trying to make me feel better about the situation, not of course that I needed to feel any better, I was feeling great as it was.
"I can't say I've ever seen that before," he said.
I was by now 'recovering' from being caught; I had eased the waterworks and was drying my eyes. The initial shock for both of us was now easing.
"What, my thingy do you mean? I bought it online."
"No no, I meant I've never seen one being used before."
It was a strange conversation to be having, talking about such things that we'd never even gone near before. It was nice though and I was feeling very sexy and very daring, my eyes were now dry and I was sitting up, my naked body still needing more, but I was trying to play it slowly. 'Small steps' I was saying to myself.
"Really?" I said, "You've not seen anyone do that before?"
"No never, I can't even imagine what's involved."
It seemed I couldn't have scripted this better if I had written it all out for him to follow, but we were getting very quickly to where I wanted things to go.
We were both calmer now, and I gave it a moment or two before I said any more, I wanted it to seem like I was mulling over my next words. I knew what I was going to say already, I knew where I wanted things to go, I knew what I had to do and say, and when. The moment of truth. And in my most innocent of voices, sporting my most innocent of faces, out it came.
"Well um, I could show you if you wanted, I don't mind."
Would he run off screaming? Would he tell me not to be so naughty? The look on his face was telling me his brain was thinking about what I had just said. Was he blushing?
"Are you sure?" he said, "you really wouldn't mind?"
We were there!
"No of course not, we've become good friends, you've been so kind to me, it's fine honestly."
I'm sure my nipples had hardened again, I could certainly feel the familiar tingling below. After a moment or two, to let it all sink in, it was time.
"Would you like to see now? I really don't mind."
"Well if you're sure," he said. And after giving him another brief hug to show how relaxed and comfortable with what was about to happen, I got myself back into more of a laying position, the moment of truth. Knees bent slightly again, I opened my legs. My little virginal vagina was still glistening, it was still partly open and still a little reddened by having such a thing inside it, gosh was I feeling sexy. This lovely elderly man was now looking directly at my moist open vagina and was about to watch me masturbate myself.
How much explanation as to what I was doing would he need? I thought I'd give him a brief guided tour first, he probably knows, but he might not.
"This is my clitoris," I said, as we both smiled and looked at each other, innocents but friends and so comfortable with each other now, and with that, I slowly pulled back its little hood to show it in all its glory. My clitoris is incredibly sensitive and just a touch with my fingertip can take me to places nothing else can.
"You probably saw it when you were washing me yesterday, it gets harder when I touch it and rub it, would you like to touch it, now that it's not so soapy?" I said and we both smiled again, he was obviously feeling much calmer about the whole situation.
And as my fingers held its little hood away, his index finger touched it. Oh my, it was already hard and had reddened slightly; my little button was being touched by a man, not accidentally or in any other way, other than to deliberately feel it. Oh my!
"I normally rub it when I masturbate, either with my fingers or with this," I said as I picked my toy up from where it had been sitting.
"See, if I do this...," I began to touch and gently massage my clitoris with my 8-inch friend. Father White was watching intently, sitting on the bed so close and watching everything so closely, "... well it gets harder."
My vagina was getting very wet by now; I could feel the tell-tale signs, a trickle of wetness now gently dribbling between my bum cheeks. I opened my very wet vagina with my fingers letting him see inside for a second or two before I started to ease my toy inside. It normally takes a few attempts to get in, and comfortably so, but because I was already so wet and with Father White watching so intently, it slid inside as easy as anything.
Enough talking, I just wanted him to watch now as I slowly eased it in and out, gently twisting it now and then to heighten the pleasure. My nipples were hard and with one hand holding in my toy, the other was now busy, pinching, twisting and pulling at my hard nipples.
Father White seemed captivated, and through pleasured half-closed eyes, I was watching him. My vagina was soaking wet, my toy was coated with my juices as it did its work. I eased it out and put it in my mouth for a second, all the time watching Father White. Was he getting as turned on as me? My vagina was still open; the semi-clear whitened juices glistened in amongst my pubic hair, the slightly swollen lips of my vagina aching for more attention. The taste of myself from my toy just increased my desires, and as I returned it to its home, easing it in as far as it would go, I took my hands from it so that both hands could now enjoy my titties and my nipples.
I felt incredibly wanton, but also incredibly sexy, laying there with an 8-inch penis protruding from my tight wet vagina, my fingers squeezing and twisting my nipples, and all as Father White watched. I could feel the muscles of my vagina spasm, trying to hold onto my toy as it started to slide out, with a gentle movement with my fingers it was back in and I returned my hands and fingers up to my titties.
I was nearing that stage, too far along to stop; my body was rapidly getting there.
"Would you hold it in for me Father, I'm almost there."
He glanced up into my eyes and could see I needed more hands than I had; he placed his hand on the protruding penis and gently started to ease it in and out. I could see his hand getting covered in my juices as he helped masturbate me and as my fingers pulled and twisted my nipples, I felt the spasms overwhelm me as my juices flowed and I orgasmed. My legs involuntarily shutting to grip tight the penis inside me, Father Whites hand caught between my thighs as my bum wriggled me to a gorgeously sexy climax.
As I lay back exhausted, my legs opened wide again, Father White let the fake penis ease out of my vagina, covered in my juice, my vagina still open and tender after its exercise. I was too exhausted to move, my whole body glistening with perspiration, my breathing heavy but slowly trying to get back to its normal rate.
As I lay there, legs still open wide and my open wet vagina still in full view, Father White tenderly stroked my hair.
"You're adorable," he said.
I changed my position, snuggling into him, I could feel the wetness still between my legs, but I was too exhausted to do anything about it.
I must have laid there for 20 minutes or so, but I needed to pee and I needed to wash my vagina. Father White had closed his eyes and was lying back on my bed as I walked to the bathroom. As I sat on the toilet, I reflected on what a sexily enjoyable moment we'd just had. I flushed the loo, washed my vagina and hands, cleaned my teeth and brushed my hair and returned to my bedroom. Father White was opening his eyes but looked tired, it was late.
"Why don't you stay tonight," I said.
"Umm, I didn't think you had a spare bed."
"Oh silly, I'm sure there's room for the both of us in here," I said as I climbed back into bed.
"Are you sure? I'm pretty certain I'd be able to find my way home in the dark you know," he said as he smiled. What a genuinely sweet man he was. "Well if you're sure you don't mind."
I was going to spend the night in the same bed as a man for the first time.
"Why don't you get your things off and climb in, while I lock up and turn all the lights off," I said as I climbed back out, still nude. I did enjoy walking around nude in Father White's company.
Within minutes I was back, Father White was in bed, I could see the top half of him was naked; I was going to see him nude at last. I climbed over him and slid under the covers and snuggled up to him. My nipples pressing against his bare but hairy chest as I snuggled in. This was heavenly. My left arm lay across him, my hand on his bare belly.
"I don't normally wear my underwear in bed, but I thought I better had tonight, I didn't want to corrupt such a beautifully innocent girl by my nakedness," he said with a half-smile on his face.
"Are you serious," I said "you left them on?" as I raised the bed cover a little to look down and there indeed was my lovely Priest still wearing his underwear.
"Oh you're so funny," I said smiling up at him, "you can take them off, I won't look, I promise." We both smiled and laughed, he was so sweet.
With the cover back down covering his modesty, his hands went under the bedclothes to take off his underwear. As he brought them out and placed them on the floor, we were both smiling again.
"There, happy now?" he said.
We resumed our earlier position, my naked body draped across his now naked body. My hand once again resting on his belly, the hairs on his chest ticking my nose as I snuggled my face against him. This felt so wonderful, but what would the night bring?
I knew my hand on his belly was inches from his penis, a real penis. I'd as yet, still not felt a real penis or seen a real one up close, surely it will happen tonight.
My body was pressed against his; I could feel my pubic hair against him as we lay there in the sexily muted lighting of my bedside lamp. We chatted about nothing in particular, his fingers gently stroking my hair, occasionally kissing my forehead as we lay there. I had rested sufficiently from my earlier activities; it was time to see where tonight would lead.
"I don't think it's fair you know," I said, as I looked up into his eyes, I could see that statement had brought a quizzical look to his face.
"What do you mean?" I could see he was thinking, maybe I was annoyed about something, but then he saw the smile on my face and knew I was being playful.
"Well, you've seen mine; don't you think it's fair that I should get to see yours?" I said trying to keep my naughty smile in check. We both laughed, he hugged me tighter for a second, in a playful attempt to keep me where I was, but then released me.
Smiling, he finally said, "Sure, you can look if you want." I didn't need a written invitation; I lifted myself from my laying position and slowly pulled back the bedclothes. And there it was the sexiest thing I'd ever seen. His penis wasn't as big as my toy, but it was so beautiful. I don't know much about penises, only what I've googled or seen on TV, but it looked wonderful.
"Would it be ok to touch it?" I said, half expecting him to refuse, but maybe he wanted me too, because he just nodded his head, the smile still on his face.
The first touch of my hand on his penis was like a little electric shock for both of us, I brought myself up into a cross-legged seated position, I wanted to study it.
"Wow," I said, "It's beautiful." My fingers were completely around it, I could feel the warmth of it, the muscle, the veins and as I examined it, the increasing hardness. What I knew to be the foreskin was beginning to stretch open as his penis hardened, I could see its little hole emerging.
"I guess that's where your pee comes out," I said jokingly, it was fascinating.
"And other things," he said as he smiled at me. That made me happy, knowing that he'd then probably done things in the past. How could a 72-year-old man not have?
His penis was now hard, maybe about 6 inches long, but so very sexy. His pubic hair was greying, and as I ran my fingers through it, it seemed quite wirey. I wanted to feel his testicles, I wanted to feel everything. I was lost in my enjoyment as I explored him and didn't realise that Father Whites hand was now under my bum and with the way I was sitting, had easy access to my open bum cheeks and vagina. I wasn't going to ask anymore, I was going to take matters into my own hands. I wanted to taste it.
Without any preamble, I lowered my head to his hard penis and kissed the tip which had now forced itself partly out of its foreskin. He was accepting my explorations without complaint. I could also now feel his fingers burying themselves inside my once again wet vagina.
My head went lower taking in more of his hard penis into my mouth, it tasted salty, it smelt very sexy, I could feel the veins as my tongue swirled all over it. By this time Father White was now sitting up a little, his fingers still buried in my very wet vagina, he was tenderly kissing my back, my shoulder blades.
I reluctantly released his penis from my mouth and moved my body onto his, my nipples hard against his chest, his hands on my bum cheeks, pulling me against him. We kissed, our lips sucked to each other's, I could feel his hot breath in my mouth, his wet tongue against my wet tongue, I was in heaven. Our arms were around each other, I could feel his hard penis against me as we kissed passionately, both of us now laying back, me lying on top of him, we twisted and then he was the one on top of me. His big belly felt so sexy pressed against me, our lips parted and he began to kiss my neck.
He was heading down, he took my right nipple in his mouth and kissed and sucked, his right hand was on my left titty, gently squeezing and exploring. As he continued down my chest, his wet tongue felt its way to my belly button, oh my. I could feel him parting my legs as he continued further down, then with his hands under my thighs he was opening them and pushing them back, my vagina and bum hole were staring him in the face. I felt his hot breath before I felt his tongue, but ooh, there it was, his wet warm tongue was licking my now very wet and very open vagina. I could feel his nose rubbing against my clitoris as his tongue delved deeper. I hadn't realised, but it seemed I was now moaning, very faintly, but I just couldn't stop myself, it was wonderful. He was licking everywhere, gosh then as his hand parted my bum, even more; I felt his wet tongue licking my little bum hole, wow I never even imagined.
It was my turn, I playfully wrestled myself back on top of him and held his penis again, I was straddling his legs, his hard penis in my hand. I knew that men rubbed their penises to masturbate, so smiling at him I gently began to masturbate his penis. It felt lovely and hot in my hand; his hand was now back to my vagina as I continued rubbing him, are we really doing these things to each other? And then suddenly a little spurt of white creamy liquid, oh my, it dribbled out and onto my hand. I needed to taste it, so I lowered my head and took his penis back into my mouth, oh wow; I never imagined it would taste like that.
Father White was lying back, breathing heavily as I sucked his hard penis of everything inside. I sucked, kissed and licked his penis and testicles for a good while, occasionally looking up to see him watching me, an innocent exhausted smile across his face. But in time of course it was all over and his penis had started to soften. I grabbed a tissue and wiped it for him, then wiped my vagina, scrunched it up and tossed it towards the bin, I missed!
We lay in each other's arms, hot, sweaty and exhausted. Reaching out, I turned the bedside lamp off, snuggled back down into his arms and we both drifted off to sleep.
We woke early the next morning, cuddled and talked as we lay there. We both knew such a relationship as ours couldn't go anywhere, he had to relocate to his new parish very soon and I was going to be at university. We both knew, but it didn't worry us. We'd always be friends; we'd stay in touch, well until life or circumstances got in the way.
As Father White got dressed, I made us both a cup of tea, he was now back in his black suit and clerical collar and I was back in my favourite short nightie. We kissed, his hand was up inside my nightie on my bare bum, my arms around him secretly hoping he'd never leave, and then through tear-filled eyes, he was gone.
I felt sad that such a lovely man was leaving my life, possibly forever, but it had been such a magical time we'd had together, I certainly would never forget it, or him. And as I lay in the bath later, I reflected on everything.
It was wonderful, he was wonderful. I was still technically a virgin, which I was pleased about, but I had enjoyed everything so much, that I made a vow to myself. I'm young, I'm single, and I'm free to explore sexual situations. I like being the age I am, I like being attracted to older men, and I like manipulating situations so that I get what I want. So I've decided, I'm going to get out there and make things happen. I'm going to enjoy myself.