As I walked down the hall of the hotel, I became suddenly, shockingly aware of how nervous I was. My heart was noticeably loud and my hands were ever so slightly trembling. We had matched on Tinder mere hours before. As someone who rarely even kisses on the first date, this was almost unspeakable. Her account said her name was Shai, but, considering how forward she was about wanting me to come over to her hotel, I suspected it may be a pseudonym. It suited me just fine, though, as I have always found something oddly erotic about that name. It was only now that it struck me I may be walking into a catfish situation. I mean what girl is going to go from matching to meeting up for a hookup this fast? Surely this can't be real. I'm an idiot. Fuck it, I think to myself. I'm already this far, aren't I? What's the harm in checking? I can always turn around and leave if something feels off.
The number 415 seems to highlight itself against the dark façade of the door. This is it... Shai's room. The door is propped open, barely hovering on the brink of latching shut. I think about just barging in but I find it prudent to knock, just in case. After three swift raps of my knuckles against the floor, I hear a clear yet feminine voice beckon me inside. As instructed, I push the door open and see her resting on the edge of the bed. I almost can't believe my eyes. She's stunning -- more so even than her pictures. My gaze immediately falls on her eyes. There was something mischievous about them... something carnal, almost. They were the color of striking blue Mediterranean seas with a darker tinge around the irises that hinted at the more unsettled water that warns of an impending storm. Her eyes were highlighted more starkly by the contrast of her lips stained a deep, pure red -- like a maple leaf, deep into the heart of the Autumn foliage. Her lips were cracked open, not so much they were gaping, but enough to reveal the hint of a tongue sliding between her glinting, white teeth. Her cheeks held the slight tinge of pink, the kind brought on when a woman starts feeling that familiar warmth spread from between her legs up into her torso.
I followed the delicate waves of brown hair framing her face down to where it hung lightly, the ends just brushing the skin below her shoulder. She is wearing less than I expected her to be. A white negligee hugs against her body, highlighting its thin but athletic shape. Dainty straps hang on her shoulders and connect to two lace triangles cupping her breasts. Her breasts weren't large by any means, but looked to be a perky B -- the perfect size for my hand to cup. The darker color of her nipples was highlighted beneath the lace, seemingly the size of quarters, and, unless my eyes deceived me, they appeared to be pierced. Below the breasts, a single white bow marked the change from lace to a single thin, white, sheer cut of fabric that hints at what lies underneath but not quite giving anything away. The bottom of the fabric lay just below the apex of her thighs, adding to the frustrating allure of her look. Finally, her hands were intertwined and lay tantalizingly between her legs, blocking any slim hope I had of seeing what lay beneath. I step inside and despite the unfamiliarity of the situation, I knew what to do.
I confidently strode towards her, attempting to shake off any lingering nerves. As I approached, she stood up, matching me eye-for-eye the whole way. I stop just before I reach her, closer than is prudent considering the length we've known each other. The top of her head only reaches my chin in reality, but the way she holds herself makes her seem taller. Stronger. In control. Certainly more in control than I felt, at any rate. I raise my right hand and brush her shoulder, then deftly slide a finger underneath the strap of her lingerie, briefly following its track towards her breast. I don't know what I expected, but her skin feels warmer than I thought -- almost as if electricity were running through it just beneath the surface. She doesn't flinch, just stares intently into my eyes. The water in her eyes seemed more turbulent up close, hinting at the growing storm inside her. I let the strap slide off my finger and me hand moves further upwards still. I run a finger along the line of her jaw and up towards her ear, pushing away her curls as I go. I notice a small tattoo of a paper airplane looping in circles just behind her ear and the left side of my mouth perks up into a grin. I hardly know this girls name, but I know that I already like her.
As I brush her hair behind her ear, I let my hand rest firmly on the back of her neck, encouraging her face to move closer to mine. Our lips connect and instantly I feel a spark. The kiss starts off slow, but quickly gains in intensity. A lot of my first kisses have been awkward and felt unrehearsed, but this is different. Immediately it feels right, like pulling on a finely tailored bespoke suit. As we kiss, my free hand finds its way onto the small of her back, pulling her closer and tighter against my own body. I lose track of time in her embrace, but I realize I am no longer wearing a shirt. I kiss her even more fiercely, the fingers of my right hand tangled in her hair while my left hand has since lifted up the hem of her negligee and grabbed the tight cheek of her ass. I feel her hands fumbling with the button on my pants and it comes free, followed by the sound of a zipper dropping. My pants hit the floor and I kick them aside, not caring where they land as long as I am no longer in them. I become aware that my boxer briefs are being made increasingly tight by my growing cock. I disentangle my hand from her hair and slip the straps off her shoulders, then gently tug down on the fabric until her perky breasts are free from their lace cages. Metal glints as the light directly hits the silver bars piercing her pink nipples. I break the contact between our lips and look at her once more. Her cheeks have gone from a light pink tinge to a full, rosy blush that can only happen when a woman feels fire burning between her legs.
I grin and turn her around, bending her over with her face and torso on the bed, pulling the dangerously high hem of white fabric up above her ass. Her ass is perfectly round in this position and the cheeks part just enough to reveal the glistening pink lips in between. My hand slices through the air and makes contact with her ass. For the first time since I have entered the room, a noise escapes her mouth in the form of a soft moan of pleasure. I wind my arm back and spank her again, this time eliciting a slightly louder moan. I continue spanking her like the naughty girl she is, deserving of this punishment for inviting a man back into her bed so quickly. I alternate cheeks, the succinct snaps of skin-on-skin followed by cries of enjoyment. I stop only when the imprint of my palm is glowing red against the natural porcelain of her skin. I let her stand back up and pull the negligee completely off of her, leaving nothing covering the naked body of the goddess standing in front of me. Her eyes, once a bright cerulean, have since turned a dark, stormy navy blue. The storm behind her eyes was at full strength.
A malicious look glinted in her eyes as she slowly sank to her knees, her hand trailing down my chest, over my abs, and onto the bulge in my boxers. Her hand slides up and down the its length as she sizes up the tool she'll be working with. After taking her measurements, she slides her fingers into the waistband of my briefs and pulls down. Slowly, my penis is exposed in full, second-by-second, inch-by-inch, until just the tip is being held in by my boxers. With one last tug, the boxers slide off and my cock springs free, slapping against my abs. Shai giggles as she wraps her hand around my shaft and strokes once, making my cock jump. She leans closer and licks my balls, then sucks one into her mouth, using her tongue to play with it. I am mesmerized, watching her masterfully handle my cock as she unfailingly maintains eye contact with me. She lets my balls fall out of her mouth and begins her way up the shaft, artfully kissing her way to the tip. As she reaches the head, she slips it into her open mouth, swirling her tongue around the rim. The intense feeling of pleasure forces me to exhale sharply. She then begins to slide my cock further into her mouth, still using her tongue to great effect. Her head is bobbing forward and back, rhythmically enveloping then releasing my cock from the warmth of her mouth. Some strokes remain shallow, forcing the head of my cock to press against the soft inside of her cheek. Others slide deeper inside her, squeezed tight by the muscles of her throat.
I throw my head back in pleasure and begin to moan, almost in disbelief at my own fortune. My hands find their way onto her head, winding tightly into her hair. I begin to thrust my pelvis forward, forcing my cock further into her mouth. She realizes her period of control is ending and slackens her jaw submissively, moving her hands from my ass down to rest between her legs, pleasuring herself as her mouth is used by another. I pump my cock in and out of her experienced throat. As the intensity of the face-fucking increases, strands of saliva stretch between her mouth and my cock, sloppiness growing all the while. I could feel the first signs of pressure building deep within me and knew this was not the time. It was too soon; I couldn't allow myself to cum yet. Knowing I need to stop before I finish, I thrust once more deep inside her mouth. Simultaneously, I use my hands to force her head forward. As my cock hit the back of her throat, I could hear her begin to gag from the fullness inside of her mouth. I withdraw, the strands of her saliva still swaying beneath my throbbing penis.
I reach down and put a hand around her throat, guiding her back onto her feet. Without removing my hand from her neck, I push her until she steps backwards, away from the bed. We still haven't spoken, but her eyes are giving away her wants. Her want -- no, need -- to be fucked. She needs a cock inside of her, and she needs it now. After a couple steps, I stop leading her backwards and reach over her shoulder. With a quick tug, the curtains slide away to reveal a window extending from the ceiling all the way to the floor. The view is breathtaking. Nearing the top floor of the five-story hotel, her room overlooked a busy street of downtown Boston. As it was a Saturday night, the streets were teeming with tipsy twenty-somethings walking between bars and clubs. I turn her around and push her up close to the window. As if reading my mind, she places both hands against the window and bends forward. I step back, taking a second to view the scene. Lights from buildings and cars below twinkled in the night. This was of little notice to me, as my full attention was drawn to her perfect, pink pussy, blossoming in front of me like a rose. Her pussy was engorged with expectation and the inner lips of her labia poked out, asking to be spread. I obliged, sliding a finger between her lips. Her cunt was wonderfully wet, dripping with anticipation. After caressing up and down the slit, I finally slipped a single finger into her hole. She moaned audibly, tossing her head back in pleasure. I slowly slid the finger in and out before adding a second. I intentionally kept the pace slow as I knew it would drive her crazy. Before long, she was panting with the need to be taken.
Eventually, she uttered her first words of the night; wanting, asking, begging for my cock to be inside her. I stepped forward and with one precise thrust, slipped the entirety of my cock inside her, my balls slapping against her clit. Immediately, she exhaled and arched her back, thrusting her perky tits forward, almost pressing against the window. By now, a few people below had noticed the scene occurring in our hotel room and stopped to point and watch. Surely some had phones out, taking pictures and videos, but I didn't care. I wanted it. I needed everyone to see us fuck. She moaned as my cock went in and out of her tight pussy. She begged for it faster, harder, deeper, and I always heeded her requests. I had punished her enough tonight; she had earned her reward.
I relished the feeling of her cunt wrapped tightly around my cock. I pumped in and out while I reached around and played with her clit. Her moans became louder and louder, verging on full-fledged screams. Soon, the whole hotel would be aware of her satisfaction. With my right hand, I gathered her hair together and pulled it taught. With my left, I reached around and wrapped my fingers around her throat. With one hand as her collar and her hair as a leash, I fucked her in the true, carnal meaning of doggy-style. Per her requests I pounded harder, faster, deeper into her. I could tell by the desperation in her screams that each thrust was pushing her closer to the edge, and I was following close behind. I was fueled in part by her energy, but also by the crowd that had coalesced beneath our hotel room. The minutes went by as we both reached the precipice of our pleasure. Finally, I felt her legs begin to shake beneath her. Her screams reached a peak and I could feel warm splashes against my legs as she came hard around my cock.
Amidst her screams, she made clear the sheer intensity of her orgasm. I had built her up little by little, and her body was releasing the energy in wave after wave of squirting pleasure. A puddle had formed as the result of her orgasm and, seeing it beneath us, I knew I wouldn't be able to hold on much longer. Legs weak, she twisted her head around, made eye contact, and begged for me to cum inside of her. This request was too much for me. With one last thrust, I buried myself deep within her and fell over the edge into my own mind-blowing orgasm. My cock began to spasm and with each throb I emptied more of a thick load of warm, creamy cum deep inside her dripping cunt. We stood there unmoving for a while, bodies pressed tight, my cock still inside her and her hands still against the window. I slowly slid my cock out of her and my cum dripped tantalizingly out of her pussy, landing on the floor beneath us and mixing with Shai's juices. We stood together breathing hard, chests rising and falling, both of us smiling. Unsatisfied with the show we had given the onlookers below, we stood there recovering as we prepared for round two.