I woke up with a hard erection pressed against a pillow and wanted to hold on to the dream I was having but the rays of sun broke thru the tent's slit hitting my eyes and waking me up.
They were asleep but I went out and for the first time, noticed that they were different tribes making up the Caravan. Some were darker peoples others looked more olive skin. It was a hot day and I sweated and daydreamed of what the night could bring. I would not be disappointed. We fast forward to the night.
I now expected to be invited after the feast to the medium size tent where The Queen held her more intimate parties. But as Kayla, Kun and I entered there was no one there and we were guided by strong guards straight to a smaller circle tent that preceded The Queen's bedchamber.
Her two guards undressed her, it was the first time I'd seen her naked. She was of medium height and although slim, she was not athletic and you could tell she enjoyed the good life, rest and food most in the desert did not.
Her hair had golden traits and city life would make glow. A long and elegant neck and well defined shoulders...Her breasts were proportional to her and her nipples were pointy with desire, of them pierced with a shiny golden with two small precious stones at each side. Her body looked perfect to dress and undress with an ass that stood out just enough. She wore her pubic hair carefully kept in a neat triangle with short left surely tended to by her courtesans. So many rings and golden necklaces...
She lay on her pedestal bed of cushions as men and women of all colors began applying oil to her skin. The pass their hands covered in warm oil and you could barely see any of her skin as it was all palms and fingers. The Queen's body reacted by arching its back and pushing up her breast.
I realized that inside this space, other than her courtesans and guards, it was only us three...I was motioned to come closer while Kayla and Kun undressed. She took his erection in her mouth and kept sucking him while she grabbed his hairless balls.
As I approached her they made me stand to her left while her head tilted to towards her right shoulder. She locked eyes with her guard to coming closer offered her with wide cock to hold on her lips while she was being massaged, rubbed and tingled.
While one man was grabbing her left tit, a woman was holding her right pinching her nipple softly between her fingers. This made the Queen open her mouth wider to take more of her guards cock. I undressed guessing I would be next.
The Queen raised her keens which where held for her and others explored her wet and oily pussy. I could see a man pressing his fingers in the small stretch between her pussy and anal opening. A woman's soft hand was cupping her pussy lips and barely inserting the tip of her finger. Another was pressuring her thumb against her ass stimulating her in both holes. The Queen bucked her hips to the rhythm of her frantic hands in circles.
As she sucked a guard pushed my shoulders down making me kneel next to her. She turned and breathed her salty sexual breath into my neck. Her lips glistening with saliva. I could not take it any longer and began applying oil to my cock and pumping furiously.
Before The Queen's mouth took over her guards cock, she pumped out a heavy drop of pre-cum and wiped it with her tongue. I could see it, mixed with her saliva and she pressed her lips together and turn to breath on my neck. This time, locking eyes with me.
Her guard held my neck pushing me to kiss her as she moaned into my mouth.
By now, I could see she had three fingers fucking her and could not see what the other girl was doing with her thumb previously pressed on her asshole, now likely to be swallowed up inside her.
She broke the kiss to bite my neck as she came, she came in waves and bit me each time. Each time without care or remorse. She wanted flesh, my flesh and that's what she bit into.
Exhausted she made us leave and had me wait while they dressed her. Still erect and glowing from the oil she took my cock into her hand blowing her hot sexual breath into my face. Smiling as she could tell I like it, I liked the her hand on my, the warm oil, her confident sexually dominant stance and her dirty unapologetic breath.
Now pre cum was also showing at the tip of my cock and she ran her finger over it. Taking it to her lips and spreading it...My knees weakened as she kissed me. She could tell I was about to cum, 5 more short strokes and I would finally squirt my heavy balls. 2 more and I held my breath and her hand suddenly let go of my tense hard cock.
She just walked away...Her bedroom tent closed...I had to dress and go back. Somehow non of the guards or courtesans laughed at me as if this was to be expected by all except by me. It was her game.