I would like to thank everyone for the positive feedback from my first submission. This is the second part of Audrey's story, and I highly recommend you start the story at the beginning. As noted before, there are strong elements of incest, non-consent, and exhibitionism. This entry in particular has all of those things and more. Thanks for reading!
--thatoneguy88
The next day, Audrey woke up feeling hungover, and the fact that she was nude reminded her of the terrible events from the previous night. She wished that she could just stay in bed forever or simply forget everything that had happened, but neither of the wishes was realistic. At that moment, she swore to herself that she would never drink alcohol again, but that vow would do nothing to change the dread she felt at the thought of facing her brother, Garrett, again.
Still feeling gross, she put on a pair of her "period" panties and an old, long t-shirt before making her way to the basement bathroom. Thinking about the panties, Audrey panicked for a moment, afraid that she might get pregnant from the sperm she had thrust into her own body. What would she do then? Have Garrett's baby? He had never really even consented, she realized. He had even tried not to cum in her mouth. It was nobody's fault but her own.
Once Audrey was in the bathroom, she saw herself in the mirror and noticed that some of her hair had stiffened from the dried cum. She started crying again, and kept sobbing as she peed and showered. She washed her hair and pussy three times each. She didn't know much about sperm, other than that it could make her pregnant, but she silently prayed that if she just washed enough she wouldn't have an unwelcome baby. She even shoved two soapy fingers up her hole, hoping that would help.
When she got out of the shower, she also brushed her teeth twice, even though she understood that in reality she had swallowed every drop of cum that she'd licked off her hand. What else could she do? Finally, she was as clean as she was going to get. When she was done, she went back to her room and changed clothes once more, putting on a fresh pair of panties, blue jeans, and a "ninja" t-shirt for the band Die Antwoord. Her belly was rumbling, but she ignored it and lay there wishing she could just die for nearly two hours.
Eventually, there was a knock on her door. At first she felt her pulse quicken, thinking it might be Garrett, and she cautiously asked, "Who is it?"
"It's me, sweetheart," answered Paul, "I just wanted to come check on you. It's noon, after all."
Relieved, she said, "Oh, hey daddy. Just a second."
She got up and opened the door, smiling the best she could manage for him, and said, "I'm okay, I'm just really hungry."
"No surprise there," he said as he smiled softly back at her. "According to Garrett, you puked up every bite of supper last night. A little girl like you, well, you'll have to be more careful when you drink."
"Oh, trust me," she said in a serious tone, "I'm never drinking again!"
"Ha!" Paul laughed, "I've told myself the same thing a hundred times. How about we go get you a burger somewhere?"
"What about. . ." she paused, wishing she didn't feel ashamed to ask, "What about Garrett?"
"Oh," her father replied, "He went back to his apartment earlier today, said he needed to work on enrolling for his senior college classes. School starts a little earlier for him. Speaking of which, your last year of high school starts in a few weeks! Go ahead and keep my credit card for now. You can take Beastly out sometime later and get some new clothes and supplies."
Audrey responded by giving her dad a big, heartfelt hug and saying, "Thanks, daddy!"
* * *
As the last few weeks of summer break passed, things were more or less normal at first. Garrett had not come back to visit, and likewise the siblings had not spoken to each other at all. Audrey decided it was best that way. Maybe, she thought, if enough time passed they could both get over their strange sexual encounter and everything would be fine again.
With each passing day, however, she started feeling that same strange thirst once more, the hunger that, deep down, she knew could only be quenched with cum. Initially, she tried to distract herself by playing guitar and exploring her new town. Then, however, the dreams began.
They came every night, and they were always sex dreams. Sometimes she would be in a room full of strangers, and they would all take turns fucking her. Other times it was her previous boyfriends stripping her down and pounding her. The worst ones, though, were the ones where she fucked Garrett or her dad. Each time, she would wake up sweating, feeling so hot that she had to strip off all of her clothes and blankets just to cool down. Frequently, she would stay up and masturbate, sometimes for hours at a time, but for some reason she simply could not get off.
Over the days, her desire grew more intense until sex filled her thoughts almost constantly. The long nighttime hours she spent masturbating without release were starting to take a toll on her, as it was becoming more difficult to simply even sleep. More than once, she caught herself staring at her own father's crotch around the house, and she finally decided that she had to do something. That was when she got the idea to take a naked walk through the neighborhood.
She did it three days before school started. At that point, Audrey had already started sleeping naked, which helped keep her cool at night and also provided easy access for her nightly masturbation sessions. That Friday night she woke up like always, but instead of masturbating in her bed, she suddenly wondered what it would be like to expose herself in the open. Somehow, her life-long fear of being seen naked had become the the very thing she desired the most. In an instant, her sex-crazed mind was racing with the possibilities:
Somebody will see me. Maybe it will be a car full of guys, or just a boy looking out of his bedroom window tonight. I'm going to fuck whoever it is. I'm gonna be naked, and I'm going to have sex. Tonight. I'll do it this time.
Her heart pounding, Audrey thought about how Garrett had commented on her bush. If men liked girls to shave, then that was what she would do. Thus, she went into the bathroom, and after several careful minutes with a razor, she was bald like she had been when she was younger. With that done, she left the house through the basement door, opened the wooden gate that enclosed the swimming pool, and stepped into the yard without a stitch of clothing for cover.
The eighteen year old virgin was both terrified and exhilarated as she walked nude through her yard. Part of her was hoping desperately that someone would catch her, bend her over, and fuck her brains out. Another, smaller part of her wanted to turn back and hide in the safety of the house. In the end lust won. Audrey walked through the darkened yard and crossed the street, coming to a street light in front of one of her neighbor's houses. She sat down in the light, where anyone who happened to look out a window or drive by would clearly see her in all her glory. For nearly an hour she sat there, masturbating furiously, and finally she saw headlights coming up the street. Suddenly she felt anxious, as her fantasy was quickly becoming an unavoidable reality. Instead of trying to run, however, she positioned her legs so the person in the car would have a clear view of what she was doing.
Then the car came to a stop and both the driver and passenger side doors opened. Two girls Audrey's age stepped out, staggering drunkenly as they did so. The driver had long, jet black hair with large breasts that were barely concealed by a skimpy blue bikini. She was tall and tan, with the kind of hourglass body that made other girls envious. Likewise, the girl who stepped out from the passenger seat was equally beautiful, although in a different way. She was slightly shorter than the raven-haired girl, with smaller breasts, and she was a brunette with straight hair that capered down to her chin.
"What the fuck?!" the brunette said, laughing, "D'you see this shit Ember?"
"Yeah," answered the black-haired girl, whose name was apparently Ember, as she staggered slightly, "that's some real slutty shit!"
"I mean, goddamn," said the brunette, "this bitch has no shame!"
In truth, Audrey was ashamed, and her heart was threatening to pound out of her chest. Like it had been with Garrett, however, she was overcome with such intense lust that there was no turning back. She was disappointed that the people in the car had turned out to be girls, but at least someone was watching her. As she slid two fingers in and out of her wet hole, she thought she might finally be able to cum, especially when the brunette pulled out her cell phone. The flash came on, and the phone sounded off a little ding, which almost sent Audrey over the edge.
"God, look at this fuckin' slut," slurred the brunette, laughing between words, "I'm recording a video of her out here in the middle of the goddamn street just jillin' like her life depends on it! This shit is totally going on the internet!"
"What's your name, blondie?" asked Ember.
"A-Audrey," she replied with two fingers buried inside her tunnel, "My name's Audrey. I. . .I just need cum."
"Yeah," said Ember, also laughing, "that's pretty fuckin' obvious, but I've never seen you out here on my street before."
"I-I'm from. . .Indiana," Audrey tried to explain, even though it was hard to concentrate on anything but her pussy, "b-but I live here now."
"Well fuck me," exclaimed the brunette, "that must be where sluts come from these days."
Ember walked closer to Audrey and asked, "So, what? You live on my street? Where?"
"J-just oh-over there," Audrey moaned a little, unsure why she was telling these girls any personal and potentially incriminating information at all.
"Oh. . .my. . .god," said the brunette, pausing between each word, "this bitch moved into slut-house! No fucking wonder!"
Ember's eyes went wide as her jaw dropped, and she said, "Holy shit! There's no way you believe those stories, Cara!"
"Look at her," said the brunette, with a smirk on her face, "Clearly she's a slut, and she lives in slut-house!"
"Alright, fine," said Ember, "We'll give her a slut test. Stop the video. I'm gonna piss on this bitch."
Per her friend's request, Cara stopped recording, and the flash on the phone turned off. Ember walked forward again, until she was standing over Audrey. Audrey continued alternating between fingering her cunt and rubbing her clit as the taller, dark-skinned girl stood over her. Then, Ember pulled her bikini to the side, revealing soft, white tan-lines and her own cleanly shaven labia. Hers were a little longer and thicker than Audrey's, and she squatted down until her slit was directly in Audrey's face.
Audrey had never been attracted to women before, other than the fact that she could acknowledge a pretty girl when she saw one. As Ember lowered her pussy on Audrey's face, however, something about the girl's scent was intoxicating. It was a musky aroma of coconut oil and something else she couldn't quite define. All Audrey knew was that she needed to taste it, and as close as the girl was, it would be easy. Thus, Audrey opened her mouth and started licking.Cum, she thought. The smell that had intoxicated her was cum, a man's cum.
"Fuuuuuck," said Ember, "This girl is eating me out!"
"Oh my god, Ember, you're such a lesbian!" exclaimed Cara.
"Shit," Ember responded, "that's not what Jake would say. Smashed me sideways tonight!"
"When?!" asked Cara incredulously, "You said he had a tiny dick and you weren't about to put up with his shit anymore!"
"Shh, doesn't matter," said Ember, "I gotta focus here. Drank a lot of beer at the beach, gonna piss in this girl's mouth. And you'll drink my piss, won't you slut?"
Audrey simply kept licking, digging her tongue as deep as she could into Ember's cunt. She slurped up every drop of cum she could find, until the first stream of golden piss hit her right in the eye. Partially blinded, Audrey quickly responded by moving her mouth over the stream. Soon, the warm liquid was shooting into the back of her throat, and she swallowed it eagerly. Finally, Audrey began to cum. It was a much smaller orgasm than she'd had with Garrett, as her empty pussy convulsed, trying to milk a cock that wasn't there. Still, though, it was more relief than she had been able to find in days, and she thought that maybe she could finally sleep.
"Fucking hell," said Ember, "You see that, Cara? I pissed right in her fucking eye!"
"Bitch didn't even say anything, just moved her mouth so she could drink that shit!" laughed Cara.
"Alright, now lick me clean, right here on the goddamn street, whore!" Ember demanded.
Audrey simply did as she was commanded, making sure the tan girl's cunt was well-cleaned. In truth, Ember had never planned for things to escalate to this level. Instead, she had assumed that Audrey, like most normal people, would have protested or run away long before now. However, she was quickly learning that the little blonde was far from normal, and the tongue flicking across her lips felt amazing.
So Ember went along with it, calling her own bluff. She grabbed the back of Audrey's head, grinding her soft mound into the girl's willing face. Despite Cara's claim, she had never actually done anything sexual with another female before, but she was surprised how much she was enjoying it. The fact that it was all happening in the middle of her own neighborhood while Cara watched definitely added to the thrill, she decided. Then, as she slid back to rub her clit against Audrey's tongue, she felt two small fingers enter her soaking wet hole.
"Oh fuck!" Ember exclaimed in surprise.
If either of them had been paying attention to Cara, they would have heard the familiar ding of her phone recording once again. If they had been paying attention, they would have seen the hand Cara was using to hold her phone shaking slightly as she rubbed her own slit through pink bikini bottoms. Instead, they were both lost in the bizarre and unexpected sexual encounter they were sharing.
Audrey was occupied in her own thoughts as she worked her tongue across the folds of Ember's labia, drinking in the taste of a freshly fucked cunt. She had surprised herself when she impulsively decided to slide her fingers into the girl she had just met minutes ago. It was both strange and arousing to feel the inside of a pussy other than her own. She fingered Ember just like she was fingering herself; she held her fingers stiff and worked them in and out of both their bodies in a steady rhythm, pushing against the spot that always made her cum.
"Oh God!" Ember nearly yelled, "Right there! Fuck me right there!"
None of the boys her age, inexperienced as they were, had ever come close to fucking Ember so expertly. Just earlier that night, Jake, her on and off boyfriend, had cum in her after just a few minutes, leaving her unsatisfied. Now, though, she could already feel shivers coursing through her body, signaling the first signs of an explosive orgasm as Audrey slowly increased the tempo of her thrusts. Then a third finger slipped inside in perfect rhythm, and it sent Ember over the edge. Her body went rigid as she was overcome with an orgasm that made her legs feel weak, and she let out a loud, involuntary moan while her sopping wet hole tried its best to milk the fingers inside of her.
Ember blushed, suddenly embarrassed by herself as neighborhood dogs started barking in response to her screams. After a moment, she stepped back, causing Audrey's fingers to slide out of her. Quickly, she covered her sex with the blue bikini once again, then turned to face Cara, who had slyly stopped recording only seconds before.
"So. . ." Ember began quietly, "I, uh, I totally believe in slut-house now. Let's get out of here, okay?
"Told you so," replied Cara, hoping that the dark wet spot in her own bikini would go unnoticed.
Ember started walking back to the car and Cara followed, leaving Audrey feeling somewhat unsatisfied. Initially she had an orgasm, sure, but it wasn't like the one with Garrett. Even worse, she had been on the verge of another, more intense orgasm, just before it had all abruptly ended and the moment was lost.
As the girls got in the car and drove off, Audrey was left alone, sitting naked under the streetlight. She sighed, resigning herself to the fact that the one tiny orgasm might be all she could get for now. She licked the fingers that had been inside Ember, deciding that she liked the girl's sweet flavor, then made her way back home.
* * *
Audrey did not dream that night, and she woke up feeling well-rested for the first time in days. However, she was also horny as ever. She kept thinking about the girls she had encountered the previous night, and she wondered if Cara really was going to put the video in which she shamelessly masturbated on the internet. If so, Audrey could potentially be exposed to thousands of people. In the back of her mind, she was terrified, but mostly she wondered if any guys would cum while watching her.
She kept thinking about being exposed, and that inevitably led her to her closet. There, Audrey looked at the box labeled,Old Clothes, that she hadn't bothered to unpack since the move. All of it was stuff she had outgrown several years ago. In truth, her body hadn't changed much since she was fourteen, which was a point her brother Garrett had cruelly reminded her of on occasion. At least, he did before she sucked his dick. She didn't know what their relationship would be like now.
Despite the fact that she hadn't worn many of the clothes in five years or more, she always kept them for sentimental value. The eighteen year old had always been something of a hoarder in regard to certain cherished items, and clothes fell into that category. For Audrey, keeping old clothes had always seemed better than a picture for remembering special times in her life. Now, she opened the box for the first time in a long time, and she did it for a very new reason.
Audrey rummaged through the box until she found her first concert shirt. Her late mother had taken her to see Paul McCartney perform, and she had worn this white shirt with a pink and yellow butterfly for the occasion. Next, she found found an old, black skirt. It was from the last time her mom took her shopping for clothes.
She struggled, but managed to pull the shirt over her chest. It had already been worn thin over the years, and now it barely came down far enough to cover her breasts. Audrey looked down to see her nipples piercing so tightly through the fabric that her left nipple was about to rip through. The next item was the skirt, and it was also exceptionally small on her now. It almost wouldn't fit around her waist, and if it was any shorter her ass and pussy would be exposed. She was certain that if she bent over, everything would be on display.
Audrey went to the bathroom and cleaned up. She spent almost two hours meticulously applying makeup. She darkened her eyes, curled her eyelashes, painted her lips pink and fixed her hair. Then she shaved every hairy spot on her body from the neck down. This time, however, she avoided washing her pussy. In fact, she took care not to get water anywhere inside. Somehow, she had gotten the idea that it was important to smell natural.
When she was done, she put on the old t-shirt and skirt once again, then stood in front of the mirror, admiring what she saw. It was Saturday, so her dad would be home, and he was the grand prize, the cum she could get at home. Without wasting any more time, Audrey grabbed her cell phone and went up the stairs to make coffee.
As she passed the living room in the hall, she saw her dad sitting at the couch, looking at something on his laptop. The hall connected to a smaller room that was sort of like a foyer that led into the kitchen. Once there, she saw there was already some coffee made, and she poured herself a glass before walking back into the living room to sit on the smaller couch that was perpendicular to the one on which her father sat.
"Good morning, daddy!" she said, as she walked over to the couch.
Looking up from his laptop, Paul answered, "Morning, sweetheart. Is that your old concert shirt?"
"Yeah," Audrey responded, "It's a little small on me now, but I thought I'd wear some of my favorite old clothes this morning."
"They're definitely small on you now, sweetheart. Maybe you should wear something else?" he suggested.
"Oh, I'm just wearing them this morning," Audrey said nonchalantly, "I'm gonna go to the mall and buy those new school clothes after I have some coffee."
Deep down, a small, anxious part of her couldn't believe what she was planning to do as she sat down on the couch, legs facing her father. He glanced back at his computer, and as he did, she propped her feet up on the couch and parted her legs, then pretended to look at something on her cell phone. Out of the corner of her eye, however, she was watching him, for the moment he looked up and saw her bare pussy. Several tense moments passed as Audrey became more aroused with each passing second.
Finally, she decided she needed to get his attention, so she searched her cell phone for images of stylish clothes and said, "Daddy?"
Paul looked looked back to his daughter for a second and answered, "Yeah, sweety?" Then he did a double-take as he caught a glimpse of what she had so anxiously been wanting him to see: Her completely shaved twat. In fact, her legs were far enough apart that her small labia had spread open, revealing the pink slit they normally covered.
Paul gulped hard, feeling his heart begin to beat faster. He hadn't been slept with anyone in months, and the sight of an exposed pussy instantly made his cock react. This was his little girl, though, and he quickly made himself look away. He decided that his sweet daughter couldn't possibly realize she was flashing him, and that it would be better to simply pretend he hadn't seen anything.
"Y-yeah, baby," Paul stuttered, "what is it?"
Audrey was almost sure that he'd seen her cunt, and that made her so horny that she had to resist the urge to start masturbating right there. She knew, though, that it wouldn't do any good. What she really wanted—no, needed—was for her dad to get up, rip her clothes off, and fuck her. That first flash, however, was only part of her plan, and the next part would surely send the right signal.
"I've been thinking about some clothes I might get. Can I show you?" she asked.
"Sure, sweetheart." the flustered man replied.
Audrey stood up and walked over to her dad. As she got close, he noticed two things: His little girl was clearly not wearing a bra, and the fabric of her shirt was so worn and tight, he could actually see the color of one of her tiny pink nipples. Audrey didn't fail to notice what he was looking at, and she in turn looked at his crotch, noticing the undeniable bulge.
Once again, a tiny part in the back of her mind reminded her of how guilty she had felt after sucking her brother's dick, and how they still hadn't talked since then. At the time, she had blamed the fact that she had been drunk, but she was starting to understand that what she had done had nothing to do with the alcohol. Since then, she had literally been losing sleep because she masturbated so much. Then those girls, Ember and Cara, called her a slut, and Ember even pissed in her mouth. Maybe, Audrey thought, they were right.
Still, her overwhelming need to be fucked denied her any sort of rationale. When Audrey was this horny, the consequences of trying to have sex with her own father failed to seem important. In her sex-crazed mind, his cock would be a conquest, the way to truly become a woman. Then, she could get all the cum she needed since his cock would be available every day.
Thus, the horny teen showed her dad some random pictures of clothing that she truly had no intention of actually purchasing. He looked at them, providing the occasional opinion, and they talked for a few minutes. Truthfully, neither one of them were interested in the images. For Audrey, this was simply the next part of her plan. When they were done browsing, Audrey quickly turned and "accidentally" hit her leg against the coffee table, dropping her coffee mug and spilling the drink on the carpet.
"Shit!" she exclaimed, bending over to retrieve the mug.
As she did, her skirt raised up past her ass, completely exposing not only her labia, but her puckered asshole as well. She pretended to fumble with the mug, and looked back at her dad after the first "failed" attempt to grab it. When she did, Audrey was pleased to see that he was staring directly at her soaking wet pussy. All he had to do was just pull it out and fuck her, and that thought raged through her mind:Just fuck me, cum in me.
Paul actually blushed when Audrey looked back at him. He knew that there was no denying this time. Her bare ass was only a foot away from him, pointed right at his face. He couldn't help staring, and she had caught him doing it. Still, what could he say? At the age of forty-three, Paul Vandermeir had dealt with a lot of tough situations in his life, but he was completely unprepared to deal with this one.
So he stood up, suddenly painfully aware of his rock hard dick, and said, "I'll uh, I'll. . .get a towel."
"I can clean it up, daddy," Audrey said, hoping that she could continue exposing herself until he was unable to resist.
Paul hesitated. He could just stay on the couch, and take in the sight, but this was wrong, he knew. All of it was wrong. Why wasn't she covering herself? He didn't have the answer, because he couldn't bring himself to believe the truth. He only knew that he had to get out of that room before the situation escalated, and he did something they would both regret. So he simply stood up, despite the fact that he was sporting a massive boner, and started walking to the hallway bathroom.
"No," he said anxiously, "It's okay honey, I'll do it."
As he walked out of the room, Audrey looked up to stare at his very obvious hard-on and felt incredibly frustrated. Why didn't it work? Why wouldn't he just fuck her? It was clear that he wanted to. She realized at that moment that she simply needed to take more drastic measures. She would have his cock, feel his cum fill her up, and she would make it happen sooner rather than later.
Meanwhile, Paul made it to the bathroom and locked the door. His pants were down to his ankles almost instantly, and he came faster than he had in years, thinking about his own daughter. He was disgusted with himself, but he had to get rid of his boner before it caused him even more embarrassment.
A few minutes later, Paul returned to the living room with a towel, and he was grateful to see that Audrey was standing up instead of bent over, lewdly displaying her crotch. He walked over and started rubbing the carpet, and as he did so she stepped just a little closer to him. That was when he caught the scent, the undeniable fragrance of pussy, his little girl's pussy. He looked up from his kneeling position without thinking, and God help him, it was right in his face. He quickly looked down once more, but it was enough to make him semi-hard once again. Fortunately, he wasn't tortured for long.
Audrey said, "Thanks for cleaning up my mess daddy, I think I'm gonna go ahead and change, then go shopping. See you later, okay?"
"No problem," Paul said as nonchalantly as he could manage, "See ya, sweetheart."
* * *
Audrey spent a few hours out shopping, and finally returned just before dinner time. She made small talk with her father while they ate, promising to show him the things she had purchased later. After all, if he found out sooner it would ruin the surprise. When they were done eating, she went downstairs and practiced guitar, waiting patiently for him to go to sleep. It seemed like it took forever, but he finally opened the basement door to tell her goodnight.
An hour later, Audrey quietly opened her father's bedroom door to find him asleep, just as she had hoped. Carefully, she walked to the four corners of his bedposts, locking the ends of the handcuffs she had purchased earlier that day into place. The tricky part was handcuffing her dad's wrists without waking him up. She breathed a sigh of relief when both arms were secure, even though she still had to finish with his legs. At this point, she knew, she was practically guaranteed to get the cum she needed, and her virgin cunt was dripping in anticipation.
Paul awoke just as he felt something close around his left ankle. He instinctively tried to reach down, only to find that his wrists were also chained tight. He was suddenly sure that someone had broken into his house, and he started desperately trying to get free. That was when a small hand grabbed his right ankle. He kicked in vain as the last cuff clicked into place.
"Please!" he exclaimed into the darkened room, "Take whatever you want, just don't hurt my daughter!"
"Aww, Daddy, that's so sweet." Audrey replied.
"A-Audrey?" asked the confused man, "What's going on?"
"Just a second, daddy," she answered, "I'll turn on the light."
Soon, the light came on in the bedroom, and as his eyes adjusted, Paul saw his little girl standing by the light switch at the door. Audrey's long blonde hair was down, flowing gracefully along the sides of her perfectly sculpted cheeks. She wore a pink button-up blouse, and around her waist was a tiny pink miniskirt, which was just as small as the old black one she had worn earlier that morning. The skirt gave way to milky white legs covered in black fishnet stockings, and she wore matching pink heels. She began to walk back toward him, hips swaying as she did.
"What are you doing, honey?" Paul asked anxiously, "Why am I tied up?"
Audrey simply smiled at him as she approached the nightstand by her helpless father's bed. That was when he saw the whip, the bottle of lube, and the scissors. She reached down, took the scissors, and began cutting down the sleeves of her father's t-shirt. In response, Paul tried to resist, pulling against his restraints without any luck.
"W-What the hell is this?!" he asked incredulously.
"Hold still, daddy," Audrey said softly, "I don't want to hurt you. I'm just taking off your clothes."
"Sweetheart, you can't—we can't—do this." Paul pleaded.
"Shhh," Audrey breathed as she continued cutting, then asked, "Don't you think I'm pretty?"
"Of course you are, baby, but. . ." Paul trailed off, then added, "this is. . .you're my daughter!"
Audrey finished cutting across the shirt, then pulled it off her dad's body. He was tall like Garrett, with a handsome, cleanly-shaven face, and clear blue eyes that matched her own. However, he was thin rather than muscular, and his chest was covered in curly brown hair. The man was left wearing only a pair of red boxers.
"Daddy, did you know I'm still a virgin?" she asked as she placed the scissors back onto the nightstand.
She unbuttoned her blouse and shrugged it off, exposing her small, perky breasts and tiny pink nipples. Next, she pulled down the skirt, revealing a lacy black garter belt that was strapped to her stockings. Audrey's bare slit was completely exposed, and she felt a shiver run through her body as she stood nude before her father.
Paul turned his head away from her and begged, "Please, Audrey, we need to talk about this, we can't--"
That was when he felt the whip sting across his chest. The unexpected pain caused him to reflexively jerk upwards, but the cuffs around his limbs held him in place. Worse than the pain, however, was the fact that his cock, with a mind of its own, was getting hard.
"I said I don't want to hurt you, daddy," said Audrey with a slightly angry tone in her voice, "but I did all of this for you, so you have to look at me, and you have to fuck me."
"Oh, god, Audrey, what the hell are you thinking?" Paul asked, still looking away, just before another painful strike seared his chest, causing him to groan.
"Look at my pussy!" Audrey demanded, then added, "I did all of this for you!"
Paul kept looking away, and Audrey was quickly growing tired of his resistance. Then Audrey got an idea. She laid the whip down and took off her heels. She climbed onto the bed, straddling her father, and sat down on his right cheek. She began to rub her sopping wet cunt across his face in a steady rhythm.
"Do you smell it, daddy? Can you smell my pussy?" she asked lustily, humping his face. "Lick it!" she demanded.
She dug her nails into his chest, right over the spot where she had most recently whipped him. Simply reacting from the added pain, Paul turned his head and suddenly found his face buried by his little girl's soaking wet cunt. He did, indeed, smell her, and her scent was intoxicating. She slicked his face with her juices like an animal in heat, and his cock responded by becoming fully erect, threatening to tear through his boxers. He felt his willpower failing, as any man would, but Paul kept his mouth closed.
Audrey used her daddy's face to masturbate for several more minutes, moaning softly each time her swollen clit rubbed against his nose. Finally, she stood up halfway, squatting over him with her right arm holding her up on his chest. Her pussy was inches above his face, but far enough for him to get a complete view as she used her free hand to spread it wide open. Every detail of his little girl was on display: The soft, glistening folds of pink flesh, the engorged clitoris, and the tiny little hole that led deep into her womb.
"I know you see it, daddy," the sex-crazed teen said, then added, "It's time to strip you the rest of the way."
"Baby, please stop. Please!" Paul begged, "We can't do this! It's wrong!"
"Oh, daddy," the girl cooed, "we are gonna do it. We're gonna do it all. . .night. . .long."
With that, Audrey climbed back off of the bed and retrieved the scissors. As she began cutting the last of her father's clothes away, that tiny voice in the back of her mind screamed out as loudly as it could. This was her last chance to stop. After this, there would be no turning back. In fact, she may have already permanently altered her relationship with her father. She thought about how Cara had called her house "slut-house" and how she had basically mouth-fucked her brother against his will. But now, as before, her lust overcame reason.
Once she was finished cutting the boxers down Paul's right leg, his fully erect cock sprang free. For the first time ever, Audrey saw her dad's penis. To her amazement, it was even bigger than Garrett's. For a moment, she truly wondered if something so huge could fit inside her small body. She was not going to waste any more time, however, and she quickly climbed back onto the bed, positioning her soaking wet sex over her father.
"Audrey!" Paul said sharply, "Think about what you're doing!"
"Oh, daddy, you're gonna make me a woman!" she said passionately, "It has to be you."
Paul felt her sink down toward him, and as the tip of his cock touched her thirsty lips, he felt the heat emanating from her snatch. She sat down a little more, enough for the head of her father's huge dick to penetrate her hole, and she moaned as the fat prick forced her tunnel to open wider. Then she sank deeper, and as each inch of him entered her she felt electric jolts course all over her body. She was a hot, wet furnace with walls as tight as a vise, and she forced her body ever downward, impaling herself on her daddy's enormous shaft. Finally, she barely managed to get all of him inside her as the head of his cock found her cervix. She was completely full, but they were a perfect fit for each other.
Audrey sighed in relief and smiled at her lover, the man who had now taken her virginity. She leaned forward, causing his cock to slide out of her slightly, and kissed him on the lips. Paul was only a man, a man who had lost control in the heat of the moment, and finally his lips parted. They shared a passionate kiss before Audrey once again sat up, sliding back down to take all of her father back inside.
"Oh fuck, oh shit!" Paul said between grunts, "Baby, you're. . .you're so fucking tight!"
"Daddy," she said as she began to rock back and forth on his dick, "oh god, daddy, I'm so full! I love you!"
"I. . .I love you too, Audrey." Paul replied with the words he'd said a thousand times before, but each of those times had been much different than this one.
Tears formed on his eyes as he thought about just how much he loved his little girl. He remembered holding her in his arms on the day she was born, how lucky he felt to have such a beautiful little baby. He remembered taking her to school for the first time ever and the rainy nights when his late wife, Charlotte, would sit with her and teach her music. He remembered all of those times, watching her grow up so fast, and now she was an adult. Truly, he loved her more than ever, even though he also understood that the events of the night would change their relationship forever.
Audrey slid up and down on her father's shaft, moaning softly to the rhythm of their sex. Finally, she would have just what she needed: Cum. When she saw the tears streaking down his face though, that small part of her also wanted to cry, desperately needed to cry, but for now there were no tears.
Instead, she said softly, "Oh, daddy, don't cry. I love you daddy, and we can always be together."
Paul was unable to understand his own emotions in that moment. He felt guilty, even though all of this had been out of his control. In reality, he was ashamed because, if he was honest with himself, he was having the best sex of his life. Of course, he had never thought of his daughter sexually before, not until she had flashed him earlier that morning, but now everything had changed. She had always been his little girl, his happiness, but now she was also his lover.
"Sweetheart," he said, knowing that he would soon have an orgasm, "I'm. . .I've gotta cum, honey. You have to. . .have to get off of me."
The eyes are the window to the soul, or so it is said, and if that was true for Audrey, Paul saw a kind of lust that he had never even known was possible after he said those words. His little girl bit her lip, then grinned wickedly before she started fucking him even harder, faster. She pumped her hips wildly, working up a sweat as she groaned and squealed more loudly with each intense thrust. The sight was just as terrifying as it was arousing.
"Oh, fuck daddy!" she cried out, "Oh shit! Fuck me fuck me! Maybe we'll have a baby! Maybe you'll get me pregnant! God I need your cum, daddy! Give me your cum!"
"Uuuuhhhnn," Paul moaned, breathing heavily as he began to fiercely thrust himself in and out of her, their bodies flowing in a perfect rhythm. "I. . .I—Oh fuck!" he roared as he began to ejaculate, his throbbing cock spouting load after load into his sweet little girl.
Audrey felt it. She felt each drop of cum that hit her cervix, each thick rope of sperm that slid down her pussy. She felt alive, more alive than she had ever been. Every sense was sharper. She could hear everything: Her heartbeat, the quiet hum of the laptop on the dresser, and even the dogs barking in the street outside. Colors were brighter, and her body was electric. She was so overwhelmed with sensation that it took her a moment to realize that she felt this way because she, too, was cumming.
It was unlike any time she had cum before. Even the time she had cum with Garrett paled in comparison to this moment. She had no idea how long she had been having an orgasm. It could have been seconds, or it could have been forever. Then she knew that she was not experiencing these sensations alone. They were experiencing it together. Theirs were twin hearts, beating in unison, and they could no longer tell where one body ended and the other began. Then the room grew brighter, so bright that everything went completely white, and all the universe vanished. There was only the orgasm.