After Liz and I ate breakfast I realized that it was time to face my demons from the night before and go get my car and skirt. (I'd left them at a party, read the last chapter to hear about how I got roped into that experience.) I was about to start getting dressed and ready to go when Master texted me, telling me to give myself an enema and wear the lingerie set I wore in the hotel the night he fucked me... and nothing else.
Confused, I did as instructed. As I walked out of my bedroom and into our living room, Liz gasped as she saw what I was wearing.
"Umm, that's a nice lingerie set but why are you wearing it, Gina?"
"Master wants me to wear this and only this" is what I told Liz.
She laughed and said, "He just texted me, asking me to drop you off at Rick's house and leave you there to get your car keys after you're dressed and ready to go."
My heart sank as Liz and I walked to her car. I had looked myself over in the mirror. My ass was hanging out of the thong. My stilettos made me teeter as I walked. The lace of my outfit really didn't hide anything... and this was how I was leaving my house. That familiar swirl of fear, excitement, and desire danced around my head and heart.
Liz must have sensed my hesitation because she stopped in our garage, faced me, and kissed me.
She rubbed my cock through my panties as she asked me, "Have you regretted anything that your Master has asked you to do?"
I shook my head and exhaled as she toyed with me.
"Then this is just another step into something you'll enjoy, even if you are scared of it now, right?"
Liz didn't give me a chance to answer her. She pressed herself into me and kissed me passionately. She held me against her as she pressed the garage door opener. Sunlight flooded our dim garage, lighting up my inappropriate, sexy outfit. Liz opened the back door of her car for me and I crawled in. She got in the front, started the car, and backed out onto our street.
There was no going back now.
I did my best to hide in the car, lying across the backseat as Liz drove across Houston. A couple of times I saw truck drivers do a double take as they looked inside our car and I'm pretty sure Liz slowed down so they could look at me longer. It was utterly humiliating to be seen that way as we drove to Rick's house.
I had a lot of time to think since there was nothing to look at other than the roof of the car. I realized for the first time that Liz's partners and their spouses never had seen me dressed as a man. (The Senior Partners and the lower level lawyers rarely mixed at company events.) Their only experience with me was the night before, where I was dressed like a hooker. I wondered if I would have to go any future events their law firm had dressed as a woman and realized with horror that I'd find out soon enough since Christmas was quickly approaching!
Liz pulled into Rick's driveway and drove all the way up to his garage. She put the car in park and turned around to look at me.
"Gina," she said, "we're here. I drove up to the backside of the house so you won't have to stand on Rick's front stoop dressed like that. I wouldn't put it past him to leave you there for a while just to torture you.
"You've got my permission to do whatever Rick and you want to do in there. Have fun, OK?"
With that said, Liz unlocked the doors and motioned for me to get out.
As soon as I got out and closed the back door, Liz backed out of Rick's driveway, leaving me standing there in women's lingerie. "Powerless" doesn't even begin to sum up the weakness I felt in that moment. I could hear a lawnmower nearby and realized that I needed to get out of the view of the street.
I walked to Rick's back door, reached out a timid hand, and rang the doorbell.
As I waited at Rick's back door I was surprised to see Susan walking up, stark naked. She opened the door and ushered me in.
She looked at me as we walked towards the living room and asked, "Are you as hung over as I am?"
I was too nervous to talk, so I just nodded.
Susan walked ahead of me, letting me ogle her. She was a little heavier than Liz but in all the right places. As we got to the living room, I stopped in my tracks. On the TV was the video of me in the hotel, giving Master a blowjob. Only, this time, Master's face wasn't blurred out.
Master was Rick.
I had to grab the wall because everything started spinning.
Susan walked over to the sofa and sat down next to a man I'd only met once before... it was the man that had jacked off onto my face the first night Master had tested me as his slave. He, like Susan, was naked. His chastity device was on again. He was watching the video of me. It looked like his cock was straining against the chastity device and it didn't look like a pleasurable experience to me. Susan reached over and ran her fingertips across his balls. He shivered and groaned as she did.
Rick was sitting in a chair, his back to me, facing the TV.
"Gina, come and stand next to the television so we can get a good look at your sissy body."
Rick's taunting and condescending phrases from the night before suddenly made so much more sense to me. I walked over and stood next to the television. I then saw that Rick was also naked.
As Rick watched the video, he addressed me.
"Liz and I were in D.C. and having a couple of drinks at the hotel bar when I let it slip that I couldn't wait to get home and have sex with Susan. The alcohol had loosened my tongue too much and, before I knew what I was saying, I told Liz all about Tom over there and how he got off watching me fuck his wife while he was locked up in a chastity device."
All of a sudden I realized that Rick had never introduced Susan as his wife the night before. I had assumed that she was his wife.
Rick glanced at my blushing face, smirked, and looked back to the video as he kept talking. I let out a loud sigh on screen as he came in my mouth.
"Liz told me that you had the most boring sex life on earth. I told her that you must have been hiding something from her because there was no way a man wouldn't want to have kinky, mind-blowing sex with a woman as hot as she is.
"I told her that I would give her a program to install on your computer that would let us monitor what you were looking at online so we could find out what you were into sexually. Within 48 hours of her installing the software, we realized you were into crossdressing. A few weeks later, we saw you post that ad online looking for a Master and that's when I suggested that she let me do to you what I've done to Tom over there."
Tom looked at me, his face alive with sexual hunger despite the chastity device on his cock.
I heard the sounds on the screen change and looked over to see myself bent over a bed, getting fucked from behind by Rick. I was moaning loudly in the video, totally lost in the moment.
I looked at Susan, who was getting fingered by her husband while she caressed his balls. Her eyes were locked on the scene in front of her.
Rick commanded Susan and Tom to stop playing with each other. They immediately drew their hands back but their chests kept heaving and their faces were flushed with arousal.
I shuddered with a mixture of pleasure and fear and I realized that all three of us were Master's sexual playthings... and that he hadn't even really started playing with us yet.
After all of them watched Rick cum in my ass on the video, he started giving us commands.
"Susan, why don't you unlock Tom."
Susan took a key from around Tom's neck and unlocked his chastity device. His cock shot to fully erect as soon as the pressure was taken off of it.
"Tom, today you're going to have your last orgasm for a while. I'm going to give Gina here your key. He doesn't know your last name and you don't know his. You're going to have to do some homework to figure out exactly who he is in order to get the key from him, so you better enjoy yourself. I figure that your first orgasm this month might also be your last orgasm for at least half a year!"
A look of fear spread across Tom's face but his cock stood at attention, twitching with excitement.
"Susan, walk over to Gina and drop the key around his neck."
Susan stood up and walked slowly over to me, letting all of us drink in her body with our eyes. She pressed her body against mine, kissing me softly as she dropped the necklace over my head. She let her hands fall and grabbed my ass in both hands. She pulled me into her, kissing me and grinding her crotch against my panty-covered cock.
I grabbed her breasts in my hands, fondling them like Liz had the night before. Susan moaned loudly, pulled her mouth away from mine, and looked at her husband. I looked at him to. He had started masturbating while watching both of us. I realized that Susan and I were was kind of like Lesbian Porn. I loved that thought.
Rick interrupted us with a command for Susan.
"OK, that's enough of that, Susan. Now come here and get my cock as hard as Tom and Gina's are right now."
Tom and I watched Susan's ass sway as she walked to Rick. She knelt in front of him, grabbed a bottle of lube off of the table next to Rick's chair, squeezed it between her breasts, and slowly started fucking him with her tits. Within a couple of minutes, Rick was as hard as Tom, who hadn't stopped slowly rubbing his cock.
Rick looked at me with that same, animalistic look I had seen the night before and that's when I felt the color drain from my face.
"OK, Gina, it's time for your second-to-last assignment as my slave. Susan has me hard and lubed so it's time for you to learn how to ride a cock."
I walked over to Rick's chair and stood in front of him. Susan, who was sitting on the floor next to Rick's chair, reached up to my waist and pulled my panties down. I stepped out of them and all three people in the room got a good look at my hardon. My cock told everyone how much I was enjoying this.
"I don't want that little excuse for a penis touching me. Turn around so I can look at that ass of yours while you ride me."
I turned around and backed up until Rick's legs were on either side of me. I slowly lowered myself down until I felt his cock touch my ass. I jumped up a little and Rick laughed.
"Look at my little bitch. He's sucked my cock twice and already been fucked by it before but he's still scared of it!"
Tom and Susan chuckled at the joke and I felt my face turn red.
I had to reach between my legs and grab the base of Rick's cock. I lined it up with my anus and slowly lowered myself until the tip of his cock was pressing against me. This was the exact opposite of what we did in the hotel. I wasn't passively bent over, letting him fuck me. I was mounting him and actively pursuing his cock. There was no denying to anyone in the room that I wanted what I was doing and I felt my cock get even harder as my face flushed with embarrassment.
I looked over at Tom, whose eyes were fixated on Rick's cock between my legs. I glanced at Susan, who was licking her lips as she watched. The pressure on my anus built and built until my muscles finally surrendered and Rick's cock rushed inside of me. I let out a yelp and all three of them laughed. I sat on top of Rick, bent forward, my eyes closed in concentration. I was panting as waves of pain emanated out from my ass.
The pain slowly subsided and eventually disappeared. I moved my right leg outside of Rick's leg and then did the same with my left until I was straddling him. I put both of my arms on the arms of his chair so that I could support most of my weight on them and started slowly rocking my hips back and forth. I felt Rick sliding around inside of me and heard him exhale deeply behind me.
Susan, who had been silently kneeling next to us the whole time, reached out and ran her fingernail along the shaft of my cock. I cried out in pleasure.
With a devilish grin on her face, Susan asked me, "Do you like riding Rick's cock right now?"
I nodded yes as I rode him.
Susan looked me in the eye and barked out, "Then say it!"
She ran her finger along my shaft again. Electricity coursed through my body. I moaned and started talking.
"I love riding Rick right now. I loved sucking his cock last night. I loved that night in the hotel room."
Susan ran her finger along my shaft again. I closed my eyes.
"I love being his bitch! I don't ever want this to stop! I could live on his cock for the rest of my life!"
Rick chuckled from behind me. I realized in that moment that what I had just admitted must be what he got off on as the Master in the relationship: He had conformed me into what he imagined I could be.
A few months ago I was a closet crossdresser. He had changed me and molded me for this very moment.
Rick addressed Tom.
"OK, Tom, stop playing with yourself and come get that orgasm. Let Gina suck your cock."
As I rode Rick, Tom walked closer until his cock was right in front of my face. I leaned forward a little and licked his shaft. He gasped at the pleasure. I can't imagine how great it must have felt to him after being locked up for so long. I took him into my mouth. He and I moaned at the same time, causing Rick and Susan to laugh.
Susan got up, pulled out her phone, and started taking pictures of me. I knew these would get back to Liz but I wasn't ashamed of that... I was excited because I knew she would love to see me getting used. And I loved getting used.
I started fucking Rick faster while I licked Tom's cock. It was harder than I thought to have sex with two people at the same time. I had to use my mouth and tongue in rhythm with my ass and hips to make it work! I wanted to reach down and play with myself but I needed both of my arms to support my own weight.
I don't know how long it had been since Tom had an orgasm but it must have been a while because it only took him a couple of minutes to climax. He came in my mouth while I bounced on Rick's cock. I drank Tom's cum and sucked on him until he was flaccid. He pulled out of my mouth with a pop and walked back to the sofa. Susan immediately locked his chastity device back on and they watched me fuck Rick. I became aware of the key bouncing on my chest. Tom wouldn't have another orgasm until I gave it back to him!
My cock bounced up and down as I sped up my pace. I bounced harder and harder, my ass loudly slapping against Rick's thighs each time I rocked back. Each time I rocked forward my cock swung into the air and slapped against my belly. I felt Rick's body tense beneath me. He grabbed my hips without warning and pulled me down against him as he came inside of me. He held me there, with Susan taking pictures and Tom watching, until his cock softened inside of me.
I stood up off of him, slid my panties on, and walked back to my spot in front of the TV. My legs felt like jelly and my breathing was labored.
Rick sighed and relaxed into his chair.
"OK, Gina. You can leave now. Your skirt and car keys are on the table in the foyer. I've got a new slave that I'm really excited about. The next time I contact you, it'll be to do something with you and her like I did with you and Tom.
"Speaking of Tom, I'm sure that, after a couple of weeks of licking his wife's pussy and watching her fuck other people, he'll be very motivated to start looking for you. Have fun torturing him however you want to in order to get that key from you!
"Until I need you again, have fun exploring this new life I've given you... and don't go back to being the scared man you used to be."
I left the room without making eye contact with anyone. I felt like a toy that had been used and tossed aside. I slid the skirt on and zipped it up, rolling my eyes when I realized the only thing it covered was my ass and that I may as well have not even put it on. I was going to be driving home in lingerie in the middle of the afternoon.
I walked out to the car, not really caring who saw me anymore, and drove home using as many back roads as I could.
When I got through the door, Liz held up her phone and showed me a picture of me getting fucked by Rick and Tom. Half of Rick's cock was buried inside of me and I had all of Tom's cock in my mouth. My hardon was also clearly visible.
"My turn" was all that she said as she took me to the bedroom.
---
After having sex with Liz I showered for the second time that day and walked into my closet. I looked up and saw that all of my male clothing had been returned! I realized as I looked at it that I wasn't as excited or relieved as I imagined that I would be. Master's words about not being a scared man anymore rang in my ears. I slid on my silky feminine robe, put on a pair of black lace panties, and walked out into the living room to talk with Liz.
"So you knew the entire time?"
She nodded and told me, "I'm the one who suggested the pink dildo in the car for your first night as Rick's slave."
"You knew about the cameras as well? You were OK with your coworker watching you fuck me and walk around naked?"
Her face flushed a little bit with that question. "Yes", she said, "The cameras were Rick's idea. I've got a little bit of an exhibitionist streak in me that he found out about."
As soon as she said it I realized that I hadn't washed a single bra of hers in a couple of weeks. Her nipples were poking through her tshirt even as we talked. Her not wearing underwear the previous night suddenly made more sense, too.
"Have you and Rick had sex?"
Liz shook her head and answered, "No. You're my man. I'm into women if I'm not going to have sex with you, remember?"
I nodded and asked her the question that I wanted to know the answer to most.
"Why did you let Rick do all of this?"
She took a deep breath before she responded.
"Why not? We're more honest and open with each other than we've ever been before. I'm happier. You're happier as well, aren't you?"
I thought about myself. Was I happier? I took a deep breath and answered Liz's question
"Up until leaving Rick's house today, I was definitely happier. I enjoy looking like this. I love wearing girly things and love being desired and used. But I think it's the 'being used' part that I feel sad about right now. It's only been an hour but it's already strange to not have a Master. I loved turning him on and being used by him. I loved having you force me to dress like a slut last night. It's the submissive role I was filling that I miss."
Liz sat and thought.
"Well," she said, "you're still not done, right? You've got Tom out there who will probably beg you to fuck him and you've still got Rick's last hurrah with you. Plus, I can still make you do things from time-to-time if you like. You should relax this month. Take some time to really discover who you want to be."
---
Liz left the next day for her week in D.C.
I sleptwalk through my month. Mondays were tanning and getting teased by the bitches that worked at the salon. The rest of the week was work and housework. I was missing something from my life and it was like I never knew I was missing it until I had it. I felt like a shell of who I had been while I served Rick. It was like the color had been muted in my life and replaced with shades of grey. It was nice to be able to dress like a man and go to the store without causing a scene but, by and large, I still dressed as Gina more than I dressed like Greg.
The night before Liz was supposed to leave for D.C. I got a text from Rick... I had changed the name in my phone from "Master" to just "Rick."
Gina, tonight you're going to finish your service to me. You're going to go to the same building on Westheimer that this all started in. That office is one that I rent for a tax write off and that I also use for my sexual pleasure. Go straight up to the conference room on the Fifth Floor. You need to be there by 3am.
First, when my new slave gets there, you will tell her to strip naked. She'll put her clothing in the trash can in the room.
Second, you'll find a syringe on the table. It has my cum in it. You're going to squeeze it onto her face. Make sure she's nice and messy.
Third, you're going to tell her your story, just like Tom told you his in that room. When you're done, you're going to jerk off onto her. Take a picture of her, send it to me, grab the trash bag with the clothing, and leave.
Dress super slutty and enjoy your last task from me.
Rick
When I got the text, I called Liz to let her know that I was doing my last assignment for Rick that night and that I'd be out until breakfast but I would still be home to kiss her goodbye. She told me she had to work late, so that it didn't matter anyway.
I left the house at one in the morning. Liz still wasn't home, which kind of surprised me. I was in stilettos, low rise jeans with a red lace thong sticking out of the top, a thin sweater that you could see my red lace bra through, and a long black wig. A little before 2am, I was sitting in the same chair in the Conference Room that Tom had been in a few months before as he waited for me. I wondered where he was and how badly he was searching for me! I had an hour to kill, so I flipped through all of the pics and videos of me on my phone. By the time 3am rolled around, I had a raging hardon and was more than ready to have an orgasm!
I heard the elevator ding, women's shoes clacking down the hallway, and took a deep breath.
I was preparing to say hi but was rendered speechless when Liz walked in.
She saw me sitting in the chair, smiled, and said, "What am I doing here, Gina?"
It took me a second to realize it but, finally, everything clicked into place in my brain: Liz was taking my place as Rick's slave.
"Take off all of your clothing and throw it into the trashcan."
I have always enjoyed watching my wife undress. She never really just took off her clothing when I was in the room... she always made a production out of it!
Liz took off her coat and threw it into the trashcan. Her nipples were at attention through her shirt. She slid off her pants, bending at the waist so I could get a good look at her ass. She turned to face me and slowly unbuttoned the blouse, letting her breasts peek into view. She was standing in front of me in a pair of yellow panties and her shoes.
Liz caressed her nipples while I watched her. She pinched them lightly, closing her eyes as she did so. She let her hands slide down her body to the waistband of her panties and she slid them down her body. She stepped out of them, turning so that I could see her ass as she bent to pick up the pile of clothing at her feet. She dropped it all into the trashcan and then stepped out of her heels. She dropped them into the trash and walked to me, her breasts swaying with each step.
My wife was standing in front of me, naked, in an office owned by her coworker and her Master. My cock twitched in my jeans at the realization of her predicament.
"Come kneel down in front of me."
Liz walked up to where I was sitting and knelt down. I took the syringe and squeezed it on her as I told her about it.
"This is Master's cum. Don't wipe it off.
"Four months ago I was kneeling here, in the exact spot you are in. It was the first time I had worn panties in public. Since then I've sucked two men's cocks and fucked Master twice. I wore women's clothing to a Halloween party and my wife now knows about and enjoys my fetish.
"Enjoy your time with your Master. My last task as his Slave is to cum on your face."
I stood up, unzipped my jeans, and slid them and my panties down to my knees. I pulled out my cock and started violently and rapidly jerking off. Liz's face was a couple of inches away from my cock. I erupted all over her, making sure to hit her nose, forehead, chin, and tits.
Liz looked up at me, smiling as I pulled up my panties and wiggled the jeans back over my hips. I zipped up my jeans and snapped a pic of Liz as she looked up at me.
I walked to the trashcan, grabbed Liz's clothing, and started to leave the room.
"Now what?", Liz asked me.
I sent the picture to Rick, winked at Liz, and said, "He's got a pretty twisted imagination, so I have no idea. Enjoy the ride."
---
The next three months were indeed a wild ride.
Liz was forced to do all kinds of crazy things. She had to undress in Rick's office, sneak back to her office naked without being seen, and spend the rest of the workday in the nude. He made her strip at an amateur night in a strip club. He made her bring a woman home and have sex with her while I jerked off all over them. He also pulled out a command from my days as his slave: if Liz was home, she could only wear panties. I loved getting to stare at her naked body so much!
I wasn't jealous because, just like when I was Rick's slave, I knew that I was Liz's emotional home base. While we had sex with other people, we saved our hearts for only each other. The day would come when Tom would find me. I looked forward to it. The day would come when Rick was done with Liz. I could see the same sadness in her eyes that I felt at the end of my time with him. But we always had each other and, because of that, we would be alright.
A bisexual crossdresser and a bisexual exhibitionist.
A year ago I never would have imagined it and, without Rick, it never would have happened.