Jennifer quickly got dressed and then sat down on the couch next to Simon admiring his gorgeous cock. It was limp across his belly, drained from the hard pounding Jennifer had taken from him. She couldn't believe how thick his cock was, and how amazing it felt inside of her and was still reeling from being able to ride him like she did. Mrs Jules handed her a bottle of water "You probably need this." She chuckled and got one for Simon as well. They drank their water, while Jennifer and Mrs Jules chatted, each touching or fondling Simon's body as he lay between them.
Simon just lay between them content and feeling warm. He loved all the attention - and more importantly - all the orgasms he had had over the short time frame he had spent here. He loved being objectified and completely naked, the play thing for the two woman he was between. He enjoyed his water, feeling a warm afterglow envelop him as both ladies hands kept fondling him. He kept his thighs spread so they'd have complete access, and they took advantage, their fingers casually trailing across his thighs and balls.
This had been an amazing weekend so far, but Simon could tell by how it was getting darker that Jennifer would probably leave soon. As if she could read her mind, she finally smiled, gave him a firm smack on the stomach, and stood up "I really must be going. My poor husband is probably hoping to eat me out and maybe earn an orgasm or two." She laughed, as both Simon and Mrs Jules stood up.
"Simon, escort Jennifer to her car!" He nodded and the two headed towards the door. He opened it for her, and then walked with her to her car, his bare feet feeling the chill of the cement. He was pretty sure he would get to kiss her goodbye, but she wanted more. When they got to her car, she turned to face him, grabbed his cock and pulled him into her,. She reached up with her other arm to grab his hair and drag him down into a very deep passionate kiss. She slammed her body up against him, lifting one leg to rub her thigh against his. He could feel her breasts pushing into him, feel the heat of her pussy on his thigh. She knew this was riling him up and so started to pull away.
She bit his lip as she pulled back and grinned. He was starting to grow hard again, as she squeezed his thick cock in her hand "I wouldn't want to send you back in a different condition from how I found you." She gave him a few strokes while he stood their in the chilly early autumn air. "Though I might come back to fuck you tomorrow."
He grinned, "I'll make my cock available to you whenever you want it."
She shuddered a bit, "Oh don't tease. I'll end up fucking you till I'm pregnant!" She laughed and he grinned while thrusting his hips a few time suggestively. "Oh I bet you'd like that." She paused, "Though my husband absolutely loved it when the last guy had knocked me up." Simon was caught a bit off guard.
"Really?" He asked.
"Yes really! My husband totally gets off on being my cuckold and has since before we were married. We have two kids - neither are his, though he was there when both were conceived. They don't know of course. We do well financially and didn't feel the other guys should know. So as far as anyone is concerned, they are our kids. But it makes us both happy knowing that he got to watch bigger men fuck me and make me pregnant." She stopped and cupped his balls, "I wasn't sure if I wanted another one, but your cock is something else."
He grinned and felt really good. What she was saying made him feel so powerful, and desired, like an ancient Greek wrestler, oiled up and ready to fight and win glory. He felt a surge through him that was primal and powerful, electrifying the night and his body. Jennifer seemed to pick up on it as she grabbed him again while squeezing his balls and kissing him.
Finally, after what felt like an eternity she sighed and let him go. "I really have to get going. You should get back inside so I can leave safely with my eyes on the road and not your cock." She grinned and he nodded. He turned to leave and she gave him a slap on the ass. He laughed and walked back inside.
He stepped back inside and Mrs. Jules was on him in an instant, "You were amazing! I can't wait to show you to all my friends!" And again he found himself making out with an amazing woman. She slowly pushed him towards the couch while grabbing every inch of his body that she could grab. Finally she pushed him into the couch and he landed with a loud oof, but she didn't slow down and jumped up onto is lap to grind herself down on his cock. "I definitely want you to come back." She started to rub herself against his cock, "Do you want to come back?" She purred.
He nodded. "Oh yes, absolutely. This has been an amazing weekend." She laughed and leaned in so they were kissing.
"Good. I'm kind of sad I'll have to take you back tomorrow. I'm going to miss this cock." She shifted over to the couch so she could grab him and start stroking him.
He nodded, "I don't want to go - but school is important. It is going to suck not running around her naked though." He was sad at the thought. At school he was just a nobody, here he was the center of attention - lusted after, wanted, desired. Going back to school seemed like being exiled.
Mrs. Jules could tell that Simon was upset so she pulled him into her and they began to cuddle while she stroked his shaft. "Well, you can come over whenever you want." She began, "But we could also make a game out of it. Maybe give you some jobs to do so you don't feel so alone. There is no reason we can't keep talking with phone, email..." and she gave his cock a bit of a squeeze "And webcams."
He grinned. "I have roommates, but my bedroom is a single - well it's really a closet, but the college calls it a bedroom. There isn't a lot of room, but it's mine and mine alone. I think we could do a few shows."
She grinned, "Do you keep the door closed typically?"
He nodded, "Yeah it's the only real privacy I can get so I can get on cam for you and no one will really think it's odd."
She shook her head. "No, I was thinking if you always keep your door closed then we should make it a rule that you don't have clothes on while you're in there. What do you think?"
He wasn't sure if it was his cock being stroked or if he was really into it but he absolutely was okay with the idea. "Oh! I didn't even think about that."
She beamed. "And no more underwear. You have to wear pants and shirts and such, but I think tomorrow, if no one is home maybe I should come up to your dorm room and take your underwear so you won't be tempted."
He blushed but was so horny thinking about it. "That sounds like a plan."
"I'd like to see where you live. I might be inspired with a few more rules while I'm there." He couldn't wait till tomorrow. "Maybe I'll even fuck you while we're in your dorm." They continued to make out for a bit before heading back upstairs, she leading him by his cock as she preferred to do.
Upstairs they continued to make out, and this time she went to her closet. "I want to try something tonight!" She smiled as he lay back in the bed, his cock bouncing up eagerly waiting to please her. She turned out of the closet holding some silk scarfs. He looked at them and grinned knowing what they were for. She walked over and he re-positioned himself so he was spread eagle on the bed, his wrists waiting impatiently for the silk scarfs to tie him to the frame. She crawled up on top of him, straddling him and leaning over him while she worked, letting him feel her breasts press down on his face as she leaned over to do one arm then the next.
She then turned so she was facing his feet and leaned over again, this time her skirt inching up oh so close to giving him a full view of her dripping wet pussy - but never enough. She looked over her shoulder at him straining and hoping to see her and giggled. "Maybe one day!" He let his head fall back and groaned. She wiggled a bit to make him groan even louder and laughed.
"Okay be right back." She hopped off of him and headed into the bathroom. She had a few more sexy lingerie pieces to torture him with. She decided to go with a black two piece with garters, crotch-less panties, and stockings. The bra was lacy, and though it covered her nipples left very little to the imagination. It had a cute little silky skirt that was somewhat see through but wouldn't let him see anything. She smiled at herself in the mirror, admiring her curves and body. A lot of guys might not appreciate her, but Simon did. And she loved it.
She left the bathroom and admired the naked boy toy lying in her bed. He was so toned and muscular. His skin was firm and blemish free. No stretch marks like on her own body, no pox scars or weird lumps. Just muscle and taught beautiful skin all moving towards his fully erect and powerful cock. He was watching her with his mouth open and she grinned, "Like it?" She twirled around as he began to dry hump the air. "Easy there." she crawled slowly up onto the bed, and started to feel him up and caress his legs.
She slowly worked her way over his body, causing him to moan and wither as she had her way with him. Finally she got up to his cock. It was straining for release, bulging and full. She stopped to admire it, then began to slowly lick it and kiss the head, gently teasing him. Finally she moved up a little more and leaned over so that she could guide his cock between her tits and start to titty fuck him. He gasped as he watched and she grinned while slipping his cock between her huge tits. "You've earned this" she said as she squeezed her tits together around his thick cock. He couldn't help it and began thrusting, the sensation and visual so overwhelming. She let him enjoy himself for a bit before stopping "Not so fast! I still want to ride that monster." She giggled and pulled away.
He was so ready to burst between the stimulation and the bondage he could barely keep himself together. She knew it was now or never and so that's what she decided to do - not even stopping for a condom, she grabbed his cock pulled herself up and onto it and thrust herself down hard - gasping as she filled herself with his thick shaft.
She grabbed his shoulders and began to thrust her hips up and down, riding his cock as he groaned and gasped in pure pleasure. "Please! Fuck me! Ride me!" he gasped out, begging her for release. "I am going to cum!"
She just road him harder, her hands gripping his shoulders as she began to fill his cock throb and pulse as it shot loads of cum into her. She ground herself into him, so wet and horny that she began to cum as well, riding her own orgasm as hard as she rode her boy toy.
Spent and satisfied for the moment she finally collapsed next to him, cuddling and petting him. He seemed to be in a state of bliss as well. She reached between her legs and used her fingers to gather some of his cum up put it on his face. "Oops!" she grinned. She soon found the energy to untie him and they kissed and made out till they both fell asleep.
The next morning was less happy. Both were upset that they would be separated, but Mrs. Jules was going to make sure it was a good day. They rushed through their morning routine, though Simon hoped they'd stop for a little play at some point they just didn't. Mrs. Jules had other plans. Finally, it was time to go. Both went out to the car, and Simon saw his clothes in the back seat. Mrs. Jules grinned, "Get the shirt on so no one asks questions." He put on his shirt. "Now your socks and start to put on your pants, but leave that cock out till we get to your school." He did as instructed. She made a show of taking his under wear and throwing them into a waste basket by the back door. "You won't need these."
He grinned and waited. She got into the driver seat and buckled in. "Alright! Let's head to your school!"
They drove for a while, though Simon felt the trip was far to short. It seemed like they left the driveway and pulled into the rear parking lot almost immediately. He really enjoyed the drive though, as she spent most of the time stroking his cock. But they were there and there were people around, so he pulled his pants up and tried his best to hide his erection.
They got out and headed to his dorm. They walked together chatting as if they were perfectly normal. He was hoping his roommates would still be out. The first weekend at school, they didn't get in Sunday night till almost midnight - and he was hoping it would be the same. Thankfully, as he opened the door - it was. The place was a mess, but an empty mess. He quickly stepped inside.
"This is your dorm? How many of you are here?" She looked around, having seen plenty of messy dorms she wasn't surprised.
"Three. I'm in here" He pointed to a door next to their bathroom. The common area had a kitchenette, and a small living area. A larger room roughly the size of the common area was opposite Simon's door. It had two other names on it.
Mrs. Jules nodded, "Show me your room!"
They stepped in, and as soon as he crossed the threshold, she pushed him in, closed the door and leaned back against it with a grin. He turned to face her. "Strip!" she commanded, and he did so immediately. His hard cock bouncing free. She stepped up to him and grabbed his cock. "As I said, this should always be out when you're in here. She looked around at the neat room and her eyes focused on his dresser. He immediately opened it and pulled out his underwear. She grabbed the trashcan and he threw them in. She grinned, "Good!" She continued to look around.
The lighting was good, and she had him open his computer. They tested the webcam and picked out good spots where she could enjoy him masturbating for her. There wasn't a lot of room, but she felt that she should be able to get a good show. Mrs Jules had him get his camera on and start recording. "Okay let's create a great show for my friends!" He nodded eagerly.
After reviewing the options Mrs Jules sat down on Simon's bed and patted the spot next to her. Simon immediately sat down. She took his balls and started massaging them, tugging and pulling on them and making his cock bounce up and down. She giggled a bit, and started slapping his cock to really make it bounce enjoying the sound of it slapping against his thigh or stomach. After a short time of this, she grabbed his cock - "I still can't get over how thick and hard you are. This cock is amazing. Top ten." As she spoke she jerked him faster and harder causing him to moan. "I've seen a lot of cocks, but this is one of my favorites." He was loving the commentary. "And your balls! So huge and heavy. You can just feel all that cum in there desperately wanting to get out." He was thrusting his hips into the air and she laughed. "And your ass too. We'll want a close up of that. All my friends are going to want to see how tight and firm your ass is - and how red it gets after a few spanks!"
He groaned "Yes ma'am" and she was literally gushing. He was so submissive and responsive to whatever perverted desire she had. She loved it, and while jerking him decided to start masturbating herself while staying fully dressed.
"That's right. Cum for me. Unload those heavy balls. Let me see you cover yourself with your hot cum." She purred, her hands expertly handling his cock as he squirmed and moaned. Finally he began to cum and she pointed his dick up so that he covered himself. Ropes of thick cum landed on his belly and chest as he gasped. She continued to jerk him as he exploded, while also fingering herself. Her own orgasm was building and cresting, hitting her hard as she squeezed his cock firmly between her fingers.
Both grinned at each other in the afterglow. Mrs Jules got up and went to his computer to stop the recording, and then navigated out to her file sharing site. "I'm going to send this to all my friends!" He nodded and came to stand next to her, she casually reached up to grab his dick again while she navigated to her site. She got the email off despite typing one handed.
"If they loved the pictures hopefully they'll love the video!" He beamed, happy with his performance and how much these woman lusted over him. He felt so powerful and so alive.
Mrs. Jules nodded. "I'll keep you in the loop!"
He nodded. He wasn't sure if college was going to be fun or exciting. He had been shy and anxious all the time. But somehow Mrs Jules empowered him, and when he was with her he felt capable of anything. She had made it possible for him to discover and awaken his more primal self, and the surge of confidence he felt was electric.