As a precursor to my next story, the only thing you really need to know is that my wife and I have three dogs. When we go on vacation, boarding them is impractical, so we hired a dog sitter who stays at the house and takes care of them.
Our dog sitter's name is Laurie. She's probably about 5'4, very toned body. She has shoulder length wavy brunette hair and, as far as I can tell, hasn't worn a bra as long as I've known her. We'll touch on her looks more later.
My wife and I had just returned from a week away. I thankfully have one more day off to decompress before going back to work. I'm trying to sleep, but my wife is loud when she gets ready in the morning. Plus she is nagging me about some things to get done today while she's gone. When she finally leaves, I hear her yell something as she is walking out the door, but all I heard was "later today."
Probably wasn't important.
I go about my daily routine, which on days off usually consists of masturbating, playing video games, and napping. Sometime in the afternoon, after waking up from a nap, I decide it's time to take care of some of those chores my wife mentioned. First, a shower to wake up.
When I finish my shower, I go to reach for a towel and notice a pile of clothes sitting on the vanity. It's not anything I've ever seen my wife wear: a shear white tank top with the words "Fuck Me" written across it, a pair of tight boy shorts, and a red thong so tiny it might as well not be there.
As I'm rummaging through the clothes, something falls out onto the floor. It bounces and rolls behind the toilet. I bend down to grab it and realize what IT was: a dildo. It wasn't just one of those slender, sleek dildos. This was a molded dildo made to look like a cock. And as it happened, this was meant to look like someone specific.
I'd seen these before; in fact, I'd made one for my wife. You could buy a little kit that let you mold you're own piece into a dildo. When it was done, you'd set a little vibrating piece into the base of the shaft and write your name on the label (presumably for someone who collected molded dildos? I'm not sure). In any case, this was one of those dildos, and I recognized the name on the label.
Sam.
Sam was our dog sitter's husband. He didn't usually stay at the house with her, so she'd sometimes go a week without seeing him. Seems she found a way to survive those weeks.
I put the dildo on top of the pile of clothes and examined it for a second. It was small. Smaller than she deserved. If I had to guess, I'd say maybe 5 inches at most, and not very thick. I thought about taking out the dildo I'd made to compare, but there really was no need. I was standing naked with the real thing right there.
I grab the dildo again and hold it up against my cock. I'm still soft, but I'm about the same size. I put it underneath my flaccid shaft and it disappears behind my girth. That poor girl, I think of Laurie. I imagine her sliding the dildo in and out of her pussy. She must be so tight only getting a cock like this, I think.
My cock begins to stiffen. I stroke it a few times, imagining my thick shaft struggling to enter her tight pussy. When I reach a full erection, I hold the dildo up again and confirm my earlier suspicions; based on seeing it next to mine, I'd have to say 5 inches at best.
I start to hear a commotion in the living room. The dogs are barking and running around like maniacs. This is their usual routine whenever someone walks by the house, so I shrug it off. I put the dildo back with the clothes and start to towel off. The dogs are still making a ruckus, and I'm starting to get a bit peeved.
I leave the master bathroom into the bedroom and head towards the door. My erect cock is bouncing back and forth, begging for attention. Rubbing my head with my towel, I reach for the door handle and step into the living room.
"What's the matter, guys?" I call out to the dogs, taking a few steps forward before moving the towel and looking into the living room.
"Holy shit."
I hear her voice before I see her. I look down and Laurie is sitting on the floor petting one of the dogs, not more than two feet away from me. Her face is level with my throbbing cock, and it twitches uncontrollably when I see her red lips parted in a look of shock. She slowly closes her mouth, biting down softly on her bottom lip, and looks up at me.
"Wow. Happy to see me?" she quips. My senses slowly return, and I realize I should probably cover up. I move the towel in front of my cock and stammer a response.
"Laurie. I wasn't expecting anyone to be here. Just got out of the shower and heard the dogs barking. Thought someone was just walking by." Her eyes move from my face, back down my naked body to the towel.
"That's strange," she says, getting up and moving to the kitchen table, sitting down. "I told Jen I'd be here to pick up some of my things later today."
Later today. That's what Jen was talking about.
"Yeah, ya know, I heard her say something about that, but she was walking out the door and didn't catch all of it." I let out a soft chuckle. "Guess I should listen better." We both laugh nervously and I rub the back of my head with my free hand. Laurie is still staring at the towel, and I look down and realize that the thick patch of brown pubic hair is still partly visible. "Oh shit, sorry." I stammer as I adjust the towel to cover it.
"Oh, no it's ok, I'm sorry for staring," she returns.
"Here, let me throw something on," I turn and head into the bedroom, realizing only after the fact that I gave her a nice view of my back side. My heart is racing as I pull the drawer of my dresser open. My cock throbs.
"I think it looks good, by the way," she yells from the living room. "Your hair," she clarifies.
My cock throbs again. "Thanks, yeah." I call back.
"Sam shaves all his off. I've told him it doesn't look very manly that way, but he keeps doing it," she continues. I think about the dildo sitting in the bathroom and laugh to myself. That's not the only reason he doesn't look manly, is it. I slide on a pair of gym shorts and a shirt and move back into the living room. My rock hard cock presses against the fabric, and she looks right at it as I move to a chair to sit down. I push down on my erection with one of my hands.
"So..." I offer.
"So?" she responds, cocking her head to the side and glancing over at me.
"I'm sorry you—" I begin, but she interrupts me.
"No, not your fault. I should have rung the doorbell and waited. It's my fault." She looks down into her lap, a small smile running across her ruby red lips. She is very beautiful. Her hair is that perfect kind of messy that looks like she just had a good romp, and with her hands in her lap, her arms push forward slightly, pressing her breasts together until they are just starting to fall out of the low cut tank top she's wearing. Her nipples are hard and are piercing through the fabric. My cock twitches beneath my hand, and I adjust myself. She looks up at me and catches me staring directly at her perfectly rounded breasts. I look away and stammer.
"So you came here to get some things?"
"Uh, yeah. I left some clothes and stuff in the bathroom I think."
And stuff, I think to myself. "Yeah, let me go grab it." I stand awkwardly, trying to keep my erection at bay. She stands also and moves towards me, grabbing one of my arms. My cock throbs forward at her touch, pressing hard against my shorts. She looks down, and quickly looks back up.
"I can grab it, no worries," she blurts out.
"No, it's fine. You stay here."
"But, it's kinda private stuff," she says. I let out a soft chuckle.
" Hey, don't worry about it. Nothing I haven't seen already." Her hand lifts lightly from my arm and her face turns to a knowing expression.
"Oh. Ok then."
I head towards the bathroom and collect her things. The dildo is sitting right on top of her red thong.
"Special delivery," I joke out as I head into the living room. She lets out a nervous chuckle and her eyes settle on the dildo on top of the cloths. She covers her face with one hand. She is visibly embarrassed as a redness rises into her checks.
"Hey, don't worry about it," I offer. She looks up with at me with a conciliatory smile. "I had one made for Jen for when I'm working nights. It's no big deal." Her embarrassment quickly turns to interest.
"Oh really?" she prods, her smile begging me to tell her more.
"Uh, yeah, pretty much the same thing. I mean, a little different, but—"
"A little?" she interrupts me. We both look down at my shorts simultaneously, a large bulge showing my throbbing cock still begging for attention. She shakes her head. "Sorry, I, uh, I should be going."
She stands up and grabs her stuff off the table. She moves past me towards the front door, but turns last second. She awkwardly reaches towards me, unsure if a hug is appropriate. I move towards her and put my arms around her. I feel her hips move towards me, pressing gently against my shaft. She let's out a soft moan and then let's go, turning towards the door. As she walks out, she turns.
"It was good to see you," she says with a wink.
A few months later, Jen and I are on a long weekend away with some friends. Unfortunately, I have to come back a day early because I got called into work for Monday morning. When I leave, I try to call Laurie to let her know I'm on my way. No answer. I try again as I pull up to the house. Still no answer.
She must be asleep, I think to myself. It is late. It is a sweltering night, and I can hear the bedroom air conditioner running as I head towards the front door. All the lights are off as I walk in. I can hear talking coming from the bedroom; the TV must be on. The dogs are dead asleep on the couch. I move towards the bedroom and open the door.
My bottom jaw falls open and my mouth hangs agape. Illuminated by the light from the TV, Laurie's naked body is sprawled out across my bed. From the noise of the A/C and the TV, she hadn't heard me open the door, or she's asleep. Either way, I'm now treated to full view of her perfect body.
Her D cup breasts flatten out slightly against her as she lays on her back. Her pink areoles blend perfectly into the skin of her breast, making it difficult to discern their exact size. Her breasts and stomach are shining with sweat, despite the A/C. And as I move further down her body, I realize why.
Her perfectly shaved pussy glistens between her open legs, the tiny lips spread open by the half inserted dildo. Her hand rests on the base of shaft, and her leg twitches slightly, as if recovering from orgasm. When I am finally able to tear my eyes away from her, I notice the room is a mess. Every dresser drawer is open and clothes are thrown all over. I notice the night stand drawers are open, too, and that's when I see it.
A molded dildo sits on the night stand. Sam's molded dildo.
My eyes move back towards Laurie where she has started to move again. Her hand slowly slides the dildo in slightly before pulling it all the way out of her stretched pussy. She moans softly as it exits her. She moves the dildo up to her mouth and begins to force it down her throat. Her free hand rubs her nipple softly. She gags slightly as she reaches her limit, about three quarters of the way down my shaft. She pulls it out.
She rolls over onto her side, her breasts falling together, and she places my cock next to Sam's. It towers over it, and she lets out a soft laugh. I can't contain myself anymore.
"Something funny?" I ask as I flip on the bedroom light. Laurie let's out a protracted scream and grabs for the blankets to cover herself up. As her eyes adjust to the light, she realizes who I am.
"What are you doing here?" she asks shortly.
I shrug, "Well, it is my house." She grabs a pillow and throws it at me.
"You know what I mean. You're not supposed to be home until tomorrow."
"I tried calling you. I have work in the morning." She grabs her phone off the night stand and notices the missed calls.
"Oh I didn't hear. I was busy."
"I can see that," I respond, a knowing smile creeping across my face. She looks down and I again can see her beginning to blush. She puts her face in her hands.
"I'm so embarrassed," she mumbles, muffled by her hands.
"Hey, don't be. It's—" I begin before she lifts her head and interrupts me.
"Can you not tell Jen about this? If she knew, she might not let me keep sitting for you."
"Well, I haven't told her about you seeing me naked, so I certainly won't be telling her about this," we both laugh.
"Yeah, I guess we're even, huh?" Laurie responds.
"Yeah, I think so." An awkward silence falls across the conversation. We stare at each other from across the room for a while, me imagining her trying to swallow my real cock, and hoping she's thinking the same.
"Well, it's late so I'm not gonna make you leave. I'll just sleep in the spare room and you stay in here where you're comfortable."
"Are you sure?" she asks timidly. I wonder if she means "Are you sure?" like "Are you sure you don't mind sleeping in the spare room." or like "Are you sure you don't want to join me." Better to wonder, I think.
Yeah, no problem. I smile and turn towards the door. I reach for the light switch but turn around just before I flick it.
"Oh, by the way. How was it?" I ask coyly. She cocks her head to the side, a confused look dawning on her face. I motion to the night stand, where my cock is glistening with her juices. She glances over and quickly glances back, her mouth forming a shocked "O". She grabs another pillow to toss at me, but I flick the light switch off and pull the door closed.