This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
This is Chapter 4. I recommend reading Chapters 1-3 first. No more caveats. If you're still reading, you already know what type of story this is. :)
The formerly-hidden tension was out in the open and their erotic feelings for each other made known. Chloe and Allen had both crossed lines together neither intended to but both had very much enjoyed. They vowed to themselves independently to pull back across those lines, but both hoped they could continue with some of their newfound sexy playtime fun, flashing and peeking, without crossing such boundaries again. As they'd already discovered, however, lines can be blurry.
Getting ready for school-shower time
Chloe woke to her alarm, naked and feeling loved. Her unexpected evening session with her Daddy lingered with a warm glow around her heart. She had dreamed about him all night. She intended to keep her vow to herself to not let things get out of hand again, but she definitely hoped she could continue with some of the sexy fun that had started this past weekend.
She stretched and writhed in bed, clearing the final remnants of sleep from her body. Chloe ran her hands down over her breasts, tickling her sensitive nipples and waking them up, then down past her tummy to toy with the heart-shaped patch of hair right above her pussy. She had chosen a heart because of her love for her Daddy, though at the time she had never considered he might actually see the heart. And he hadn't...yet! She let her fingers play with the soft hair there a moment and then ran both hands down between her legs to surround her pussy lips and give herself an intimate hug. As she idly ran her fingers over her pussy lips, it dawned on her why she was able to do so this morning.
She had slept naked! For the first time ever, Chloe had slept the night without any pajamas or covering of any sort. She was too spent last night to put anything on. She found she really liked it! She then gave herself an internal smack upside her own head. Of course she did, dummy! Her Daddy slept naked, so it would only be natural she would also enjoy it. She shook her head at herself that it took her this long to realize what probably should have been obvious a long time ago. But she certainly knew one thing: she would never wear another stitch of clothing to sleep in again, if she could help it! She felt so natural and free.
But enough of enjoying her own body (which she really, really enjoyed!). She'd better get up, showered, and ready for school before she was late.
Chloe's school-morning routine was usually the same. Her Mommy left for work early, so she was always up and out first. Her Daddy usually worked from home, so he was either awake or still sleeping, depending on when his first work call would be. But he knew Chloe had morning priority for the shower, so he was never in the way. She'd make herself a quick breakfast, usually cereal or toast. If he was awake and not already on a work call, her Daddy always joined her, maybe with coffee, maybe even with breakfast, depending on the day.
So, time for step one. Chloe got out of bed and stretched again, this time in front of her full-length mirror. She kept herself in shape and was pretty proud of how she looked. She watched herself cup her breasts and smiled. Daddy's hands had done the same last night.
OK girl, get moving! Chloe stuck with her new decision from yesterday to only wear her towel to and from the bathroom. She wrapped herself in the towel and checked the mirror. Everything in front was covered, though just barely. She turned and looked at her butt. Then, like yesterday, she pulled the towel from the front a little so it rode up the back of her cute bottom, leaving the lower half on show. Heehee! Time to see if her Daddy was awake.
Chloe walked down the hall toward the master bedroom. The doors were closed, which usually meant her Daddy was still sleeping. She opened the door and walked in. In the morning light, she saw the man of her dreams lying in bed sleeping. He was on his side, and the sheet had lowered down his body, so most of his handsome, bare torso was on view. She was tempted to go kiss him good morning and wake him but thought better of it and headed to the shower.
As the bathroom door closed, Allen smiled. He had recently woken up but was still lazing in bed when he heard Chloe coming down the hall for her shower. He had lain on his side in bed, facing the bathroom, pretending to be asleep as she came in. He wondered (hoped) if she'd be in just a towel again. He opened his eyes in slits, so they still looked closed, and he watched her walk to the bathroom. He was rewarded with another thrilling, naked view of most of his teen daughter's glorious and cute bubble butt! It was so sexy! It made you want to just grab and squeeze it in both hands.
Allen rolled onto his back and remembered his vow to himself, for his own and his daughter's sake. There are some lines not to be crossed. Well, crossed again. He also reflected, however, on the boundaries that he thought were OK to leave behind, and he hoped for some continued adventures today with Chloe but on the correct side of those other lines.
To test his new resolve, he didn't even venture to the bathroom door to peek in. Hey, baby steps, he grinned to himself. Besides, he didn't hear the bathroom fan, so it would probably just be a steam room in there again. But maybe there was some other fun he could have.
An idea formed.
Chloe forgot to turn on the bathroom fan as usual, but she kept an eye on the door through the steam in case her Daddy came spying again. She found herself mildly disappointed the door never moved, though he probably realized it was too obvious to peek in that way.
Chloe finished her shower, having spent extra time caressing her intimate parts before forcing herself to stop, or she'd never get out of the house in time! Things with Daddy had been so electric lately, it was hard for her to stop playing with herself. But stop she did, for now.
She dried off and then wrapped her towel in the same way as before, checking herself in the bathroom mirror. Chloe didn't know where her Daddy was, but she decided to just boldly walk out in her towel.
Her Daddy was sitting up in bed reading, in his spot on the far side away from the bathroom. This would be his first time seeing her in the towel, so she watched carefully for any reaction, in case she'd gone too far by walking around in just that. The room was bright and sunny in the morning light, so there would be no doubt she was in just the towel and nothing else.
Chloe hesitated only a fraction of a second before continuing boldly into the room and saying good morning. She stopped as her handsome Daddy looked up, nervous for his reaction but excited that she was standing this close to him, nearly naked. He smiled widely, and his eyes melted her with the same love as always. He glanced down at her towel, and if anything, his smile got wider. Phew! He spent extra time studying the towel, and she wondered if she had really done a good job of covering everything.
There she was, a vision of sexy young womanhood, standing in just a towel, right in front of him in the bright sunlight.
Allen reflected for a moment and realized Chloe probably thought this was the first time he was seeing her in the towel. He wondered how brave she was feeling. He studied the towel for a few seconds and noted proudly how his daughter could truly look beautiful in anything.
Allen felt his cock getting hard beneath the sheet. The towel looked barely big enough to cover both her breasts and her pussy, as she held it closed with one hand, but it was doing its job at the moment, sadly. He thought her cute butt would be half exposed as usual, and he looked forward to watching her walk away.
But not yet! First some conversation and to see if she would notice his setup and make the choice he hoped for.
"Good morning, champ!" her Daddy beamed at Chloe in greeting, looking back up to her eyes. The sheet covered his legs, knees raised, while his torso was naked above the covers, a common and welcome sight when he was in bed. The bed was on the wall across from the bedroom door, so Chloe was to his left near the foot of the bed, her right hand holding the towel up to her breasts.
Then she noticed something curious. It seemed like the outer edge of the sheet on his right was up near his knee. Could it be that somehow there was no sheet covering his right side? She needed to do some quick research!
"What's the plan for the day?" her Daddy asked good naturedly. Good, he wanted to chat a little, which gave her time.
"Nothing special, Daddy. I'll be back after school, so just homework and hangs here, I think." She tried to seem casual as she paced to her left while answering. She was soon facing him directly. Then she continued to her left around the bottom corner on his side of the king-size bed.
Jackpot!
Chloe's hand almost let go of the towel as her wishes were confirmed. She had a perfect view of her Daddy's cock in the sunlight. The sheet only covered his left side and the top of his legs, the right edge ending on his raised legs and knees. His entire right side was naked and exposed to her view, his cock completely visible under his bent legs. And it was a cock, not just a penis, since it was hard. Again! She hoped that was because of her. She was feeling sexy standing there in just a towel, casually chatting with her Daddy, and she expected that he might agree.
His cock was as gorgeous as always. Chloe hoped she never got tired of seeing it...and never stopped getting opportunities to view her new favorite part of her Daddy!
He had to know he was exposed, right? She thought so but guessed it was possible he was unaware. She hoped she wasn't staring too much and being obvious, but she didn't think she was succeeding at that. She did keep up her end of the conversation, not that she had any idea what they were talking about.
Chloe took a step closer and studied her Daddy's beautiful, smooth cock head with its glistening tip. Some pre-cum had pooled there, and she could see a shine down the length of his yummy shaft in the sunlight, as pre-cum had already leaked all the way to his balls. She wondered again what that stuff tasted like and yearned to lick it off him. (Stop it! Lines, girl, lines!)
It seemed her Daddy leaked as much as she did when excited. It shouldn't surprise her that they were the same in that regard, in addition to all their other common traits.
Chloe had felt herself already getting wet just from standing in front of her Daddy in the towel. Seeing his wonderful cock greatly increased how wet she felt; she was getting so turned on at the view. She'd better make her retreat before she started leaking down her leg! She wasn't wearing any panties to soak up her juices this time.
She told her Daddy she needed to go get dressed and eat some breakfast before she made herself late for school. "See you downstairs!" Chloe declared as she turned to go.
Then her turned-on brain gave her a sexy idea. With a devilish grin, Chloe pretended to adjust her towel. With her back to her Daddy, she opened the towel wide and rewrapped herself. She knew he couldn't see anything, but she hoped he enjoyed the tease, knowing she was completely naked and fully exposed on the other side.
As a reward, she pulled the towel tight and up, so her butt wasn't just half exposed but fully on view for the first time! The soft towel rested above the top of her cheeks as she slinked away, trying to walk sexily. She nearly gushed as her pussy leaked at the thrill of what she had just done.
"God!" Allen exclaimed to himself. He couldn't resist and grabbed his rock-hard cock as Chloe was walking away, jerking to the sight of her gorgeous, sexy ass while it retreated from view. He daringly (crazily) lowered his knees and flipped the sheet off himself, openly jerking his cock to her back, smearing his pre-cum (so much of it!) all over himself.
It wasn't just his little girl's cute bubble butt that had Allen so hot, though that would be enough. The whole time she had been there, Chloe was pretty much blatantly staring at his cock, and it had turned him on so much! He had successfully resisted a ridiculous urge to grab his cock right in front of her.
Allen could feel he had been profusely leaking pre-cum and wondered if Chloe had noticed and what she had thought about that. Now he thought he knew. Because he could see equal wetness on her in the shining light as she walked away. He took a mental picture to sear into his brain what he knew he was seeing for the first time.
Everything was in shadow, since the sunlight from the hallway was shining between her legs from the front, but in that light, he could see his daughter's shiny pussy lips. At least the shadowy outline of them. But they were naked in front of him for the first time. And she had no idea! He could see her outer labia were open with excitement, and for the first time ever, he could see protruding, puffy pussy lips in the center. He had hoped against hope that her pussy would have puffy lips, perfect for licking and kissing (don't think about that!) and fucking (DEFINITELY don't think about that!!).
Allen objectively thought most pussies were beautiful, but his strong preference was for slightly protruding lips that never hid and only grew puffier with a woman's excitement. And of course, that was precisely the type of pussy his baby girl had.
He jerked harder, longing for a clearer and closer view. Even more exciting in the bright sunlight was her obvious wetness. The hallway sun between his little girl's naked legs shined on droplets of pussy juice clinging to her lips, and he actually saw a glistening streak running down the inside of her left thigh.
Jesus, she leaked as much as he did when she was as turned on! (Then he immediately realized that fact should be no surprise at all.) Was that all from seeing his cock? He hoped so. Maybe standing in front of him in a towel had turned her on a bit, too. That was exciting to consider, if she got turned on exposing herself to him. Maybe all the wardrobe malfunctions weren't accidents after all. That was a very thrilling thought.
Allen jerked his cock hard as Chloe entered her room on the opposite end of the hall. He knew he'd soon need to join her in the kitchen, and there was no way he could go downstairs in this state. Fine by him! He dashed into the bathroom and positioned himself over the sink. He closed his eyes and replayed the shadowy vision of his daughter's glistening, puffy, pussy lips. He again had to hold himself up with one hand on the sink, as his orgasm was as powerful as ever, brought on by the hot young woman he loved.
Allen was enjoying his near-constant state of arousal recently, brought on by his sexy baby girl. There was still a lot of fun to be had on this side of the lines they had gone too far past last night.
As he came down off his post-orgasm high, he expected to have guilt crash down on him as usual. But none came. Odd. As he lifted his hand to lick some of the cum off his fingers, he wondered if that was a good thing or a bad thing.
"OMG, I'm soaked!" Chloe exclaimed to herself as she immediately let go with her right hand and dropped the towel to the floor, leaning against her closed door. She had felt so naughty after walking slowly away from her Daddy, her butt fully exposed to him for the first time. She had tried and failed to get back to her room before leaking onto her thigh in her excitement. She was so wet!
Chloe scooped up the pussy juice on her leg and lapped it off her fingers then quickly ran all her fingers across her pussy lips to scoop and slurp up more of her delicious juices. Chloe's Essence was indeed the best flavor of all!
Without further preamble, Chloe attacked her clit and jilled herself off hard, cumming in under a minute. She realized it was a mistake to still be standing, as her knees nearly buckled at the intensity of her quick release. The combination of seeing her Daddy's cock and her near nakedness (correction: 100% full nakedness from behind!) was an intoxicating combination.
She had to get moving! Breakfast time. She would see if her Daddy had anything frisky on his mind. Chloe had to dress for school, so if she was going to do any flashy play, she'd have to be careful what she chose to wear (unless she also intended to flash all her schoolmates, which she did not!)
Getting ready for school-breakfast
After rinsing his bathroom sink, Allen got ready to join his sweet girl in the kitchen as she ate breakfast, as always. He'd already flashed her a full hard-on this morning. Could he get away with something else? He considered his options.
Allen got to the kitchen first and started a pot of coffee. He was wearing his shorter, lighter robe, in deference to the warmer weather. (He also had a thicker robe for the winter months.) Though not common for him to walk around in his robe, it wasn't completely out of place. He usually wore it over pajama pants and a t-shirt. He was trying something new today. He sat at the table while the coffee brewed.
Chloe bounded down the back stairs and into the room, flashing a smile to Allen, her hair in an adorable pony tail. Her eyes were their usual sparkling green pools, full of life and love. (He still got lost in them every single time she looked at him.)
His little girl wore one of the cute rompers they had bought together on Saturday. (Was that really only two short days ago?) It had thin blue and white vertical stripes and buttoned in front all the way down to the built-in tie belt at her waist. There were five buttons, the top two above her breasts, the bottom three below. The top two were both undone, though the top was pulled together in the center. She spun in front of him.
"You like?"
"I like very much, precious. You look fabulous! We made a good choice."
Chloe smiled and then quickly started making herself breakfast. She had really taken too long upstairs, with all the new and fun shenanigans! She'd have to adjust her morning routine a bit, if this kept up. (Though she definitely considered that a "nice problem to have!")
Toast only, this morning. As she passed him sitting at the table, her Daddy held up his hand for their usual high-five on her way to the counter. She did a minor double take. It looked like he was just wearing a robe! She'd seem him in his robe before, plenty of times. It was usually casually open in front, over short or long pajama/lounge pants and a t-shirt. But this time, it was tied closed. The robe had long sleeves, but she could see his bare chest, so he wasn't in a t-shirt. And his handsome legs were bare below the robe, which ended at his knees. Was he naked under there? She needed to find out.
While Chloe was at the counter, Allen got up to pour some coffee, which was now ready. He put his hands on her shoulders from behind and silently kissed the top of her head, a common thing for years. But this time, the view down her open top was lovely.
With the buttons above her breasts undone, his precious baby girl's top billowed slightly from this angle, and Allen could see the cute, dark blue cotton bra she wore. It was a more conservative type like the pink panties that had set things off on Saturday. But it was certainly enough to give him a nice thrill! The lighter blue lace edges added a sexy touch, and of course the bra encased her perfect teen breasts. He squeezed her shoulders in memory of having squeezed those breasts last night. But he was being good today so moved on to the coffee!
His baby girl sat with her toast (one with butter, one with peanut butter, as usual) and some apple juice while he finished pouring. As he headed back to the table, Allen wondered why she sat on the right side instead of her usual spot to his left. But as he sat, he very much appreciated why.
Chloe sat across from where she usually did at the table. She had left her top buttons undone and wanted to give her Daddy a little show, leaving him with something to think about while she was at school. She had chosen this bra instead of one of her new sexy selections, because she was going to school. She liked to think of all her new purchases as being just for her and her Daddy to share. But given his earlier reaction to her similar pink panties, she knew he would like this bra.
While his back was to her at the counter, Chloe carefully pulled the right half of her top away from her, while smoothing the left half against her breast and chest (never missing an opportunity to flick her own nipple through her clothes in the process!), creating a nice gap. She pulled her chair in and rested her breasts on the table, which was the perfect height for this if she sat just right.
The top of his little girl's romper billowed beautifully at the table, exposing much of her right breast, hugged within her cute and sexy bra. She acted nonchalant, but Allen thought she was very much aware, and it must be the reason she sat on that side of the table, given the way the button placket opened the correct way from that side.
Allen was very excited about the likely fact Chloe was doing this intentionally. That meant a couple important things. One, that it would continue! Two, that it was a very sexy but also playful thing, and doing it while pretending everything was "normal" somehow added to the taboo and naughty thrill of it for Allen. He recognized he had been doing exactly the same in return, which he hoped she equally appreciated. Speaking of which, he sat...carefully.
Chloe watched her Daddy intently as he sat in his short robe. Maybe she'd finally get to see what was going on under there! He pulled his chair out and slowly spread his legs wide while sitting down before pulling himself under the table. But he had spread his legs facing completely in the other direction, toward where she usually sat! Did he have a slight smirk on his face as he took a sip of coffee? Was he teasing her on purpose?
Allen's closer view of his daughter now that he was sitting only enhanced the display of her amazing breast. He seared yet another image into his brain. As he felt his cock react, he also took a moment to approve of his daughter's fashion sense and how well the two-toned blue bra matched the blue stripes of her romper. That thought was idle while the active part of his attention was mesmerized by the curve of the lacy edge into her cleavage and the movement of her flawless, perky globe while she finished her breakfast.
Playtime was over for now, as Chloe had to rush upstairs to brush her teeth. As she got up, her Daddy made a move to go get more coffee, so she positioned herself standing on the other side of the table to get a look. He slowly spread his legs while getting up again, but this time he faced the right side of the table she had just come from! The jerk, ha!
Chloe chuckled to herself as she realized her Daddy was absolutely doing this on purpose as one more way to tease her. They always relentlessly teased each other in harmless fun. This was the first time his teasing was attached to their new, unspoken (well, mostly unspoken other than last night) sexy play. But it was still his usual teasing manner, and she had to give him props for his success at getting a reaction from her.
Chloe was determined to see what's under there before she left for school! First, though, to finally finish getting ready. Thankfully, all this extra fun hadn't added too much time, and she might still make it to school OK if she hurried!
Allen made his way to the front hall to say goodbye to Chloe when she came back downstairs. As she appeared, he noticed her shiny lips. Lip gloss? Memories of last night flooded into him. Would she...? Then her fingers slowly went to her breasts as she descended the stairs...no, to her buttons. She silently buttoned the second button while looking at him, securing her breasts inside her romper.
He felt like that might have been a statement meant just for him, that the button stayed fastened at school (thankfully!) and was only undone for him, her Daddy. He fell in love with her all over again.
Chloe motioned to her Daddy to sit on the cushioned seat in the hallway while she knelt to quickly put on her sandals. This was her last chance to try to get a peek up his robe. She tried to be subtle about it but didn't think she succeeded. She knelt in front of him as he sat, knees locked together. Hmph! She finished buckling her right sandal and shifted to her left.
Allen knew what Chloe was doing and wasn't going to make this easy on her, ha. But he did take a moment to marvel at her perfectly-formed feet and lovely ankles, as her delicate fingers buckled on her footwear. He wasn't someone with a foot fetish, but with feet like hers in the world, he could certainly see the attraction!
Right before Chloe stood up, her Daddy finally relaxed his legs. She wanted to get a good, final view of his penis to last her through her school day! As his legs slowly spread for her, she finally looked straight up his robe to...pajama shorts! What? Nothing showing? He was wearing shorts?? She looked up at him, and he was looking off into the distance, another knowing smirk on his face. "Why, you...!" She smacked his knee.
"What?" her Daddy asked innocently.
She just had to laugh. He totally got her, and she loved the thought that they might settle back into their playful routines, maybe with sexy fun elements added in.
She also easily recalled that she had had a very nice, full view of his glorious, hard, shining cock only recently this morning, so that would certainly be a vision to last her for the day!
There was only one more thing to do before she left. Chloe had thought about this moment carefully after what was frankly an unintended but highly enjoyable, full-on, hot make-out session with her Daddy last night. She wanted to reset the proper boundaries, but she also very much wanted to seek new permissions.
Goodbyes and hellos had always included a peck on the cheek. She had already turned yesterday's hello into a peck on the lips and gotten away with it. (Well, a little more than a peck, with her sliding strawberry lip gloss onto him.) She reached for her Daddy's hand.
Allen saw Chloe's face turn a little serious as she reached for his hand and pulled him to standing. He knew it was goodbye time and realized he hadn't properly prepared for this moment after last night. It suddenly felt important they get this just right.
His daughter's lips were shiny and beautiful, and Allen didn't know how to think about that. Until today, their school-morning goodbye ritual usually consisted of her taking his right hand and spinning under it in a pirouette, landing into a hug as he brought his raised hand down to join his other around her back. She'd then peck him on the cheek and skip out the door to drive herself to school. Could they get back to that? Did they want to?
His beautiful daughter raised Allen's hand over her head and looked deeply into his eyes. She slowly pirouetted under him, letting him know not everything had changed. She then pulled herself into his hug, wrapping her arms around him as far as she could reach and squeezing tightly, more tightly than usual.
Chloe turned her head and rested a cheek on his chest and purred sweetly, "I love you, Daddy." He wrapped his arms around her tightly to match and found his fingers resting slightly against her breasts on the opposite sides, as his long arms reached all the way around her back, enveloping her. He'd usually retreat in the rare cases that happened accidentally in the past, but this time, he pressed gently with his fingers to include the soft but firm flesh there in his hug. She didn't pull away.
Chloe loved being inside the best hug on the planet and could stay there forever. Her Daddy always smelled so good! She noticed the sides of her breasts were pulled into the embrace this time, and she felt warm love in response. She allowed several moments for them both to enjoy the close, loving feeling their hugs always created. She then pulled back and looked up into her Daddy's eyes, preparing for the moment of truth. No cheek. No peck. No sliding lips.
A kiss.
Allen felt the lovely young woman cradled in his arms reach her hand behind his head. She said nothing. She just looked into his eyes and pulled him into a kiss. A real kiss. A tender, loving, gentle, true, pure, perfect kiss. He tasted the sweet grape on their lips, the same flavor that had accompanied their headfirst dive over the lines last night. But this time, there were no overheated passions, no tongues entwining. Just love and soft lips that fit with his as if made to be there. He kissed her in return, just as lovingly and tenderly. "Mm-hmm" she cooed into his mouth. It lasted forever but not long enough.
Chloe then took a step back with a flushed face and nodded once as she looked into his eyes again, and he melted into hers. As a small, lopsided grin formed, she picked up her backpack, not saying a word, and headed out the door for school.
Yup. Just right.
After school special
Chloe had an interesting school day. During that magic goodbye kiss with her Daddy, she had felt herself gush in reaction. Just to his kiss! Well, granted, she was already worked up from the rest of the morning, but he was such a good kisser. So, she'd gone to school with wet panties. She resigned herself to the distinct possibility that might become a common thing.
Later in the day, after she'd finally managed to dry out, Amanda pulled her into an empty girls room, first checking the hall to confirm they'd have some time before any chance of being interrupted.
"Finally!" exclaimed her girlfriend. "Look!" Amanda was wearing shorts and a pretty lavender blouse, and she grabbed the shirt hem to pull it up and flash her bra to Chloe. It was one of the ones they had just bought together. She was surprised at her best friend's boldness, even with how comfortable they always were with each other. But she had to admit Amanda's bra did indeed look sexy on her. Very!
Their breasts were similar in size, though Amanda's nipples were a more pink color than her own brown tips. And those pretty pink nipples were not hidden at all behind the sheer material. The bra was completely transparent but with a slight, sexy sheen when the light hit it just right. Very hot! And she told Amanda so.
"I feel so sexy wearing these to school. And nobody knows but you!" her girlfriend exclaimed. She then pulled her elastic waist away from her firm tummy for Chloe to see down her shorts. "Look! I wonder what all the boys would think. And how would I feel if they saw?" Her matching panties were just as sheer as the bra and confirmed that Amanda was a rare person her age with a full bush of dark hair. She had known that for years and had just seen all this while they were shopping together, but to view it in school seemed particularly naughty. "Is that bad of me to think about?" Chloe had no right to say otherwise and told her girlfriend she might indeed have fun doing a little flashing, if just the thought of it excited her. But she asked Amanda to please be careful. "Heehee, thanks. I will. Show me yours!"
Chloe fully unbuttoned and pulled wide the top half of her romper as requested but explained she hadn't worn one of their new selections from the weekend. "I see that," her friend acknowledged. "That's still so cute on you, though! I love the lacy edge. It's sexy. The panties, too?" Chloe nodded, untied her belt, and shrugged her romper from her shoulders to let it drop off her hips for her girlfriend to confirm.
Chloe struck a pose in her blue, lace-edged bra and panties, her romper hanging below her knees after she had caught its shoulders in her hands. "So cute! But why didn't you wear one of the new ones?" Chloe was at a loss to explain. She obviously couldn't admit they were only intended for her Daddy. She and her best friend shared absolutely everything, but this was just too big a secret. As she pulled up her romper then tied and rebuttoned herself, she made an excuse of not being ready and complimented Amanda for being so brave and adventurous. "I like feeling sexy and daring like this. I feel...I dunno...charged up! Thanks for convincing me to buy these." Amanda lifted her shirt to flash her sheer bra to Chloe again and shook her breasts with a giggle.
This was a new and interesting side of her girlfriend that Chloe wasn't sure how to feel about. She was curious where it might lead. She also realized she had nearly fully disrobed for Amanda just to show she wasn't wearing sexy panties. Why didn't she just tell her or give her a peek to confirm? She'd have to think about that more.
On their way back to class, they discussed the upcoming party on Friday. Several seniors were gathering at one girl's house while her parents were away for the weekend. Chloe wasn't a big partier, but with Amanda there, she knew she'd at least have someone to talk to. She actually got along with several of the people going. It should be fun!
...
Chloe drove home from school with growing anticipation for some Daddy fun. She dreamed of his sunlit cock from this morning. She felt a returning thrill thinking about her growing love of flashing him, making him excited because of her.
Intruding on those memories was a not-unwelcome vision of Amanda flashing Chloe her breasts and pussy through the sexy, sheer bra and panties they had bought together.
But mostly her thoughts were of her Daddy, as usual. She already had some ideas for when she got home. She drove with one hand as her other trailed down her body between her legs.
Allen stood in the front hallway, still in his robe, having seen Chloe's car approaching from his home office window, right off the front hall. He felt the same anticipation that filled him every day for years at the daily return of his love, his daughter. He never got tired of greeting her. The house was always more complete with her in it. Of course, his anticipation contained added excitement now, but that feeling just blended into his overall affection and love for Chloe now instead of feeling like a separate thing.
The front door opened, and his heart leaped at the same time his daughter did. "Incoming!" she declared, dropping her backpack and launching herself into his welcoming embrace. She wrapped her arms around his neck, as her legs landed on his hips and wrapped around his back, trusting him to catch her.
And catch her he did. Both arms at first wrapped around her back, but then Allen brought his left arm down to support her better from below. His left hand cupped under her left butt cheek. Instead of adjusting, he left it there, fully aware of the feel of his sexy daughter's bubble butt in his hands, his mind adding the image of that same cheek fully naked in retreat down the sunlit hallway this morning. His right arm was wrapped tightly around her, resting again on the side of her breast as they squeezed each other tightly.
"Hi, Daddy. I missed you!" Chloe exclaimed as she pulled away in his arms. Her breast slipped away from his hand as she did. She leaned her forehead against his and sighed quietly, "I really did." Then she brought a kiss to his lips in a way that equaled the pure love of this morning's. No, this greatly surpassed the earlier kiss for at least one unexpected but amazing reason.
Chloe's Essence! She was wearing his favorite lip gloss, and her kiss lasted until he got it all. He was barely able to hold back on using his tongue, but he sucked at her lips with abandon. What was it about that gloss that was so intoxicating? He found he didn't care, as long as she kept wearing it. He felt his cock getting hard yet again!
"Heehee, he's sucking so hard on my pussy juice, and he doesn't even know that's what he's tasting!" Chloe giggled to herself with excitement. She agreed her juices were delicious and worth sucking.
Chloe loved the feel of her Daddy's strong hand on her butt and his other hand on her back, formerly on the side of her boobie. Their glorious kiss completed, she snuggled back into his chest and squeezed hard. His fingers found her breast again, and she couldn't resist twisting a little in that direction. He didn't pull away, allowing her to offer a little more of herself to his touch. Yum! His fingers didn't quite reach her nipple, but she knew he knew she knew (ha!) part of her boobie was in his hand. It felt nice.
She finally let herself down, twisting a little more in that direction and sliding "innocently" down his body. His hand briefly cupped her full breast and then tickled across it on her way down. She noticed he was still in his robe. She also noticed his significant bulge there. Because of her. So hot!
"Making a fashion statement today, Daddy?" she asked with a grin, tweaking the lapel of his robe. He explained he was just working from home so hadn't seen the point in getting dressed, yet. "Well, don't get dressed on my account," she replied with a flirty wink and chuckle.
Allen was already hard, and they hadn't even made it out of the front hall, yet! Chloe had intentionally let him caress her breast through her romper, which sent a clear message to his dick, and it responded as expected. Between the delicious essence from her lips and the firm feel of both her butt and her breast, Allen was already a bit dazed. But she wasn't done with him, yet.
Chloe was curious about something. "I need to take off my sandals. Stay with me, Daddy?" She batted her eyes playfully and nudged him to sit on the hall seat again. She knelt right in front of him like she had this morning. She bent her right knee up and reached to her ankle to unbuckle her sandal. As she did so, she slowly glanced up between her Daddy's legs.
Chloe was super excited to discover she was right! No teasing this time. His legs were relaxed and open right in front of her, and it was clear he was no longer wearing shorts under his robe. The erection she had caused (therefore HER erection!) was just a couple feet from her, at perfect eye level.
Wow, she loved the look of his cock! She felt her pussy leaking some more. His (her!) cock was seriously and obviously tenting his robe, and her Daddy made no attempt to hide that fact, though he did look away casually, trying to pretend he wasn't aware, she assumed.
Just a small gust of wind would have caused the robe to slip off her Daddy's cock, so it would stick straight up between the robe flaps. Too bad there was no wind, she chuckled to herself, though she already had a detailed, close-up view of him, balls to tip. She was so tempted to reach out and grab it but held herself back with some effort. She would take her time removing her sandals, though, that's for sure!
His daughter was staring at his hard cock, and Allen knew it. He felt the excitement pulse through his shaft, as it somehow grew even harder. Chloe very clearly enjoyed the view, and he was more than happy to provide it. The taboo and naughty nature of her position between his legs was extra thrilling. His baby girl was so close to his naked and aching cock! So hard all because of her.
Chloe was down there a long time with her sandals, which was fine by Allen! Finally, she got up, stretching seductively. She then walked to the hall staircase and up two steps. She turned to face him with a devilish smile. "Help me with my homework soon, Daddy?" she asked. She reached up and unfastened the second and third buttons on her romper while she spoke, before turning back and dashing up the stairs.
...
Chloe didn't need any help with her actual homework. She did great in school. His job was always to provide companionship and, more importantly, a shoulder massage. He had been providing both for years, but here again was all new territory since just last week. What a difference a weekend makes! Allen looked forward to the possibilities.
His baby girl usually did her homework at the island counter separating the kitchen from the family room. The seats were on the family room side, facing into the kitchen. The lighting there was excellent, coming from bright recessed lamps directly overhead. He appreciated her perch on the higher chairs there, which positioned him well to stand behind her and get to her shoulders.
Chloe came in from the front hall, having retrieved her backpack from where she had dropped it to jump him. Allen was arriving from the other direction, earning him a "poke!" in his belly with a giggle and a smile.
"Poke!" He returned the favor, generating another giggle from his little girl. As he aimed at her belly, he was reminded about the buttons she had undone on the stairs. All three remained unfastened, including the third button, which was already below her breasts.
Chloe started setting up at the counter, pulling her books from the backpack in one chair, then stepping up to sit in the other. She started talking about her day as she did so.
Chloe was nervously excited to see how this would go. As she set up to do homework, she started chatting with her Daddy about her day and asking about his. (She conveniently skipped the part about being flashed by her girlfriend and then basically stripping for her in return.)
She had surprised herself on the stairs, intending to just undo the second button, so she'd be dressed for him like this morning. But her fingers kept going, almost on their own, and she unbuttoned a third one. Chloe had to force her fingers to stop before going for the fourth and possibly the fifth button, like she had so easily done earlier with Amanda.
Since her fingers had made their decision, Chloe had taken a deep breath and left the buttons that way when she came back downstairs. As they chatted, her Daddy did a reasonable job looking into her eyes at least part of the time. She was proud that she could distract him, though, as his eyes wandered downward occasionally, perhaps counting her open buttons in disbelief. Or anticipation! She pretended not to notice. She hoped he didn't catch on to her other surprise, yet.
She was now all set up to do her homework and patted her shoulders with her fingers in silent instruction. As her Daddy moved behind her to begin his ministrations, she leaned forward over her books. She knew what that would do to her top. She heard her Daddy gasp out loud and gave an inward cheer as her breath quickened. She felt her pussy spurt a little at the excitement of what she was showing.
Chloe had changed her bra. Holy shit, had she!
Allen knew he'd gasped out loud but couldn't help himself. It was sheer. Almost completely transparent. It shined slightly in the light, depending on how she moved, but he otherwise had his first entirely clear view of his baby girl's amazing breasts. Flawless. He knew that already, but all his fantasies were completely confirmed. They were, in every way, exactly how he would describe his dream breasts. And they were real. And they were right in front of him, wonderfully spotlighted, as his hands reached for his precious daughter's slim shoulders.
The open buttons, combined with his daughter's lean over her books, meant Allen could see the entire top of both full breasts from above. He found himself burning another image of this sexy young woman into his quickly filling bank of glorious views.
Amanda was Chloe's unwitting inspiration. They had bought the same shimmery but sheer bra and panties together yesterday. Amanda had worn them to school today. They had looked so hot on her best friend, Chloe knew she needed to share hers with her Daddy. She was originally planning to save them for some future day, but Amanda had egged her on once again, without having any idea she'd done so. Chloe thanked her girlfriend silently, given the reaction she'd just received. She felt her pussy getting even wetter, knowing what she had on display for her Daddy.
She hoped her Daddy could concentrate enough to still give her a shoulder massage, heehee. And she also hoped she could concentrate enough to get her homework done! She still had to study later for her test tomorrow.
Allen rested his hands on his precious daughter's shoulders as he caught his breath. He started kneading her flesh through the romper's material in his familiar role of masseur but this time with his baby girl's fabulous, nearly-naked breasts in view and his cock barely contained under his robe.
He rubbed her slender neck with his right hand, earning an "mm-hmm," so he applied both hands. His hands were on her neck, but his eyes were intently focused on her chest, which heaved a little as she breathed. Was she breathing harder than usual? Allen wondered how turned on she was right now.
Allen was ridiculously hard, and he couldn't resist freeing his cock from his robe behind his daughter. He was so worked up!
Chloe's chair had an open back, so her cute bubble butt was visible, tucked back in the chair, right below cock level. Allen inched himself forward until his naked cock was a fraction of an inch away from the small of her back, poised above the sexy curves where his baby girl's ass cheeks met in the center like a peach.
His mind took him back again to earlier today and the glorious vision of her completely naked butt walking away down the hall.
Allen seared yet another burning view into his memory bank: his naked, hard cock, shiny with copious pre-cum, straining near his daughter's lower back, right above her firm, young ass; his hands on his little girl's delicate shoulders; her sheer-clad breasts on full display under her billowing top.
Allen usually massaged Chloe's shoulders over her clothes, but now he wondered. With his left hand, he pulled some of the romper's material off her left shoulder sideways and tentatively rubbed across her bare shoulder with his right hand. Meeting with no resistance nor reaction, he pulled her full shoulder into view. With his left forefinger, he even pulled the top of her delicate bra strap to the side. He massaged her bare shoulder deeply with his right hand, fingers in front and thumb in back. Though only her shoulder, her skin felt smooth and soft and sensual under his touch. He resisted the strong urge to slide his fingers farther down her chest.
The one drawback to his new approach was that pulling the material off her shoulder tightened it against her chest a bit, covering her exposed breast on that side. As Allen thought over the trade-off and how to adjust, the unexpected happened.
Without any overt acknowledgement of her action as she continued with her homework, Chloe reached up and released her fourth button. The material loosened, and since Allen was already pulling it sideways at her shoulder, it now fell away completely around to the side of her breast as well. She was no longer exposed just within the billow of her open top. Her left breast was fully out of her top, shimmering and glorious under the bright overhead lights. Her nipple looked hard and suckable (stop!), confirming his daughter's obvious excitement.
"You're welcome, Daddy," Chloe cooed to herself. She was being way more naughty than she had intended, but she couldn't help it! She was highly charged up, and her pussy felt soaked. She badly wanted to reach down and touch herself. But she resisted, barely, and doubled down in focusing on her homework. That wasn't easy, with her breast in its sheer bra fully exposed for all to see! ("All" being her and her deserving Daddy only, of course.)
Allen kneaded his daughter's bare shoulder, mesmerized by the sight of her glorious breast, its perfect size and shape, its entrancing brown tip. He then smoothly caressed his hands across her neck and shoulders to the other side. Doing so pulled the material back over her left breast but pulled it off her right, now fully displaying her right globe to his hungry eyes.
His excited and exposed cock couldn't take much more of this! He massaged her soft skin, noting how he could make her breast move a bit under his touch by kneading her upper chest just right.
As Allen started moving his hands back to the other side, Chloe surprised him again. She unbuttoned her fifth and final button, completely opening the front of her top! She again made no acknowledgement of what she'd done, just continued focusing on her schoolwork. But the outcome was better than he could have hoped. Even as he pulled the material off her left shoulder and breast, her right side stayed exposed, so now both of his baby girl's breasts were fully out of her top, right below his fingers and right in front of his eyes.
Allen tucked the romper material around the outside of both shoulders, and it somehow stayed up. That freed his hands to fully massage his teen daughter's bare skin across both shoulders, her neck, her upper back, and her upper chest (and the enticing movement that caused) while still enjoying a complete view of her sexy, sheer bra and the visible treasures within.
Allen lost momentary track of himself in his erotic daze, and he ended up pushing his glistening cock up against Chloe's back. She felt so good against his cock head! But he knew that was a big mistake and pulled away a fraction, leaving behind a wet stain of pre-cum on her romper.
Allen tried to be subtle and lean lower behind his daughter. He wanted to get as close a view as possible. While there, he couldn't help placing gentle kisses at the nape of her neck then across both collarbones. So much for subtle, he admonished himself, but he did get an approving, quiet "mm-hmm" for his efforts.
While at his little girl's collarbones, Allen was mere inches away, viewing what he had held naked in his hands last night. He could see the small nubs raised on her round and deliciously puffy areolas, and her nipples were hard, eraser-sized protrusions. He loved that! He knew how sensitive they were from last night but kept his hands off today, committed to staying within their reestablished boundaries. He couldn't resist blowing a gentle breeze down her front, however, imagining it flowing down the swell of her breast and out to the hard tips. Did Chloe just shudder a little?
Allen felt like he could nearly cum without touching himself, just standing there with his hard cock out behind his baby girl and his intimate view of her perfect, young, sexy breasts.
Chloe almost just came without touching herself! Jesus, her Daddy knew how to get her excited. She was already drenched from the fact that she had crazily unbuttoned her entire top, and her breasts were now fully exposed.
But then her Daddy started kissing her! Her nape and collarbones were, it turns out, also very sensitive and electric under his lips. And did his hard cock actually poke her from behind? Yum! Then he blew down onto her breast. God, that almost did it! She felt her pussy gush again and longed to dig into it with her fingers. Or something else nearby. (Stop!) It was probably a good time to change things up, and she had a simple idea she thought he'd like.
"Daddy?" his daughter cooed without looking up from her work.
"Yes, precious?" Allen responded quietly, his lips right next to her ear. He took a moment to notice how her ear, too, was perfectly formed.
"Could you please get me some water?"
Allen thought that was a tremendous idea for several reasons! Most importantly, for the obvious one. He'd get to see her exposed breasts from a full-on front view vs. his current (very enjoyable) top-down perspective. He looked down to confirm she was still fully exposed, a fact neither of them had actually acknowledged to each other, which he found to be a significant added thrill to their playtime.
Speaking of which, she wasn't aware he'd spent most of their time together with his dripping, hard cock on full display behind her. That seemed like a waste, so while he didn't plan to leave it all hanging out, he did adjust things specifically for his loving daughter's benefit.
"Of course, sweetheart. Anything!" her Daddy replied. He gave her a final kiss from behind, this one on her earlobe, which he then gently sucked between his lips and nibbled tenderly. Jesus! That sent another electric thrill to her already overcharged pussy. She was seriously about to cum just sitting there! That might be a bit much.
Her Daddy spent a few seconds behind her doing something; she wasn't sure what. Then he stepped around the island into the kitchen, turned on the bright kitchen lights, and walked into her view.
And what an unexpectedly hot view it was! After he retrieved a glass, he stood at the fridge getting ice and water from the dispenser in the door. The fridge was on the right-hand wall, so he was in profile with his right side to her. His amazing Daddy cock was on brightly-lit display for her!
The right side of her Daddy's robe lay flat against him. The left side covered his cock, though you could barely say that. It simply stretched out along the length of him on the side away from her. He was fully on display from her perspective! And it was all shiny, she assumed from her Daddy smearing his pre-cum on his drippy self.
By now Chloe was well aware her Daddy leaked like she did, and she was soaking wet so knew he would be, too, right along with her. It greatly excited her to know his cock was that incredibly hard and wet all because of her! She felt so sexy, and she loved that she could do that for her Daddy. Of course, it was super nice of him to return the favor!
"Ooh! Thank you Daddy!" Chloe exclaimed to herself. She tried to pretend she was still doing homework, but she was quite obviously not going to miss this wonderful show! She also wanted to be sure her own presentation was perfect for him, so she sat up a little straighter and pushed her chest slightly forward.
Chloe was fully out of the front of her romper and was strongly tempted to just drop the whole top half onto the chair around her. She reflected about how she had recently done something similar so easily for Amanda. She resisted the urge this time but knew her breasts were well framed by the romper material on each side of her exposed chest. She loved the look of her breasts under the shimmery material, and she knew her Daddy appreciated them, too. His extreme erection was a clear indication of his assessment!
Allen turned toward the sexy young woman he loved. He nearly dropped the water he had prepared for his little girl. The earlier view from above was amazing, but it paled in comparison to the vision before him now.
His daughter's beautiful face seemed proud above her chest, which it looked like she was jutting out a bit for his sake. Allen appreciated her thoughtfulness, ha. He could see every curve up and around the outsides of each breast, continuing down through her cleavage, the freckles on her chest adding a cuteness to the sexy view that made for an intoxicating combination. And her erect nipples stuck forward as if reaching for him, begging to be sucked, if only such and option were on the table. He seared another image into his mental photo album.
Allen wanted to compliment her, to tell her how attractive and sexy her body was to him. As beautiful as her mind had always been. But he didn't break the spell, like she never said anything about his hard cock right in front of her, while she clearly couldn't keep her eyes off it. So hot!
Allen finally got his legs to move. He walked toward the kitchen side of her homework counter, getting closer to her and her shimmering chest. As he arrived at the counter, he handed her the water to a whispered, "thanks," and brazenly stared at his baby girl's fabulous breasts, right in front of him.
Allen turned sideways to provide an equally close up view of his cock for his little girl and asked how her homework was going. As they chatted, they both made half (more like quarter or eighth) hearted attempts to look each other in the eye, but mostly they were just caught staring at each other's offerings, while never acknowledging there was anything to see.
Chloe's face was flushed. Allen imagined his was, too. This lasted a deliciously long time, and Allen began to wonder who would make the next move.
Then they heard the electric garage door opening. They looked into each other's eyes, equally wide in surprise, realizing they'd both lost track of time. This was Kathy's usual arrival time home.
Chloe looked him in the eyes and started buttoning her top, saying nothing. She made it very sensual, caressing her breasts in front of him as she tucked them back under the romper material. She moved quickly, however, and was done as they heard the garage door closing, meaning his wife had finished pulling into the garage.
As they heard her car door open, Allen mischievously turned away then fully opened his robe and made like he was rewrapping himself, mirroring her morning tease with the towel. Two could play at that game, ha! Then he completed the parallel move by pulling the robe up off his butt, exposing it to her for what he thought was the first time, as he dashed from the room and up the back stairs.
"Heehee, that's Daddy's butt!" Chloe giggled to herself with excitement, watching as he disappeared up the stairs. It was so cute and sexy! She was not at all surprised to discover she enjoyed that new view of the man she loved, too. She really hoped she'd get to see more of it. Soon!
Allen made a proverbial bee line to the master bathroom, starting to jerk his cock as soon as he had gotten to the top step. Thank God he was in just a robe! He was on a hair trigger after all that intense, highly-erotic excitement, and he immediately started spewing long ropes of cum over and into the sink, pumping multiple loads of jism to the memory of his precious girl's young and beautiful breasts. He called his daughter's name quietly as he came.
Dinner then study then goodnight
Chloe's orgasm was intensely powerful. Ever since her recent playtimes with her Daddy had started, they had all been. She really (really, really) enjoyed that added benefit of their fun!
Fortunately, by the time her Mommy got home, she was almost done with her homework, other than the test to study for later. How she'd accomplished that during all the sexy play with her Daddy was nothing short of a miracle! But she'd done it.
So Chloe had sat, all buttoned up, chatting with her Mommy while she finished, the picture of innocence, sitting in her chair in panties drenched with her pussy juices. She'd thought about how much she couldn't wait to lick and suck her juices from her panties when she got to her room, and that made her gush a little more!
She'd stuffed her books and papers into her backpack then strategically used it to block her crotch as she got up and went upstairs. Chloe had soaked through her panties and created a wet stain on her romper! She'd started stripping in the hallway again, needing to get naked fast. By the time she'd gotten to her door, all five buttons were undone, and she'd already untied her wet romper.
Chloe had dropped her romper to the floor just inside her bedroom door. (She had first briefly caught the shoulders in her hands, remembering with renewed curiosity how she'd stripped to this state at school for Amanda.) Then she'd flung off the sexy, sheer bra that had been the main source of their afternoon enjoyment.
Fortunately, she had saved the matching bottoms for later and still wore the blue cotton panties from school. She knew (or at least had hoped) she'd have enough fun with her Daddy during homework time that she'd get her panties wet. And how! The entire front was drenched, and she could see literal drops of her juices soaking through at her crotch.
She couldn't wait any longer for her prize! Chloe quickly pulled off her panties and brought them to her mouth. She turned them inside out and dove into the soaked crotch with her tongue. It was coated with a deep pool of her thick, delicious pussy juice, and she lapped it up and drank it down hungrily.
She breathed in the intoxicating smell of herself and ran her nose through the wetness. Then she stuffed her panties into her mouth and started sucking on them as she threw herself onto her bed. Her right hand went to her pussy while her left found its usual position at her sensitive nipple.
Chloe knew this wouldn't take long, and she didn't want it to. She furiously attacked her clit and squeezed her nipple as hard as she could, while she sucked in a mouthful of her pussy juices from her panties. She screamed into her panties as she came in waves, seeing stars through the intensity of the explosion.
As she came down from her high, Chloe lazily licked the fresh pussy juices from her fingers and made sure she scooped the rest from her satisfied pussy and sucked it down. After all that delicious nectar, she hoped she'd still be hungry for dinner, ha.
...
Allen was in the kitchen with Kathy putting dinner on the table when Chloe came bounding down the back stairs, her typical ball of energy. She looked adorable in a messy bun, with a few loose strands framing her beautiful face, and her face glowed. Allen thought he could guess why.
Then Allen noticed...she wasn't wearing any pants! He did a double take. She was in just a long t-shirt, and her toned, graceful, bare legs extended out the bottom of the shirt. Kathy seemed to notice at the same time and asked her about it with mock shock and a slight chuckle. "Chloe, my dear, did you forget something?" nodding toward her legs.
"Oh, this?" Chloe smiled mischievously. Then she slowly lifted the hem of her t-shirt and performed a cute curtsy. The room filled with amused relief as they realized she was indeed wearing shorts, the same pink shorts from last might with the small, white flowers. This particular t-shirt of Allen's was simply longer than some others, and her shorts were hidden.
That Chloe had made a sexy tease of the fact, with her mother there, was a curious step. That seemed a bit dangerous, but Allen decided he was probably overthinking things, given the new heightened state of affairs with his sexy little girl.
Chloe had to change from her wet romper, but it was unusual for her to come to dinner in her sleepwear. (Well, what used to be sleepwear, she thought with a silent giggle, before her newly-acquired habit of sleeping naked!) It wasn't entirely uncommon, though, so nobody made a big deal of it, thankfully, since she didn't have a great excuse for why she'd changed. She couldn't tell her Mommy it was because she had soaked her clothes with her pussy juice! She said something about needing to study for her test later and just deciding to get comfortable for that already.
When she realized her Daddy's t-shirt was long and hid her shorts, she decided to play a little. It had gone perfectly! They all had a good laugh. She wasn't sure what her Mommy's reaction would be, but it was the best, taking her outfit in amused stride instead of scolding her in any way.
At dinner, conversation flowed easily, as usual. Chloe mentioned the upcoming party on Friday. She and Amanda would be going, along with several other friends, as the seniors started to feel the end of high school looming. Allen was proud his daughter frankly and openly addressed the possibility there would be drinking at the party. She planned to drive herself, though, since she didn't expect to drink anything.
They also discussed their upcoming trip to Grand Cayman in about a month. They'd gone as a family for several years now. They were booked over Memorial Day weekend, since Sam would be home from college by then. They went Saturday through Wednesday, and the Monday holiday meant only missing two days of school for Chloe.
Allen always loved their Grand Cayman trips. He was looking forward to this trip more than he would have otherwise, however, wondering if Chloe's and his antics would still be going on and how that might play out in the tropical heat and bathing suit weather. Everything might have cooled down by then, but he frankly hoped not. He was having a lot of fun with Chloe and the added sexy elements of their relationship, which he felt just drew them closer. Any Caribbean playtime would be tricky with Kathy and Sam around, but he looked forward to the possibilities. He wondered how Chloe felt about it.
While they talked, Chloe found herself daydreaming about beaches and bathing suits and the possibilities of naughty fun with her Daddy on their trip. Her head was starting to fill with creative ideas. But why wait until then to have the trip bring them opportunities for fun?
"Daddy, you'll help me pick out bathing suits and other outfits to pack, right?" Chloe asked as innocently as she could. That earned both her and her Daddy a raised eyebrow from her Mommy, but her Daddy just smiled and shrugged back. The burdens of being a fashion consultant. Her Mommy just grinned lopsidedly and shook her head with a chuckle.
"Anyone want seconds?" his daughter asked. Kathy had made mac and cheese, a family favorite, and Allen knew Chloe'd be going back for more.
"Sure thing!" Allen declared, as Kathy also nodded. They handed over their plates. As she backed away from the table, Chloe took a quick glance over at Kathy then looked at him and gave a furtive down and up flick of her eyes. A hint? He glanced down as instructed, while she swiveled in her chair to get up.
Yum! Allen reflected that he'd noticed how loose the legs were in her pink shorts when she wore them yesterday. Chloe had taken fantastic advantage of that feature, as he was treated to a quick view up her shorts through a wide gap that had to have been set up that way. He saw all the way up her smooth, creamy leg to her crotch, and he took note that she seemed to be wearing sheer panties to match the bra that had excited him (them!) so much earlier. Wow! It was just a glance, but he very much appreciated it! He hoped he'd get a better look later.
With three servings to deliver, Chloe returned with his and Kathy's plates first then went back for her own. As his baby girl sat with her plate in her right hand, her free left hand reached to her shorts and pulled them fully to the side, briefly exposing her sheer panties to him on her side of the table. Jesus! How was he supposed to concentrate? He saw her delicious, puffy pussy lips briefly on display, as well as the patch of hair above, which looked like it was designed in some kind of shape. Chloe pulled herself under the table, and Allen hoped he didn't look flushed.
...
Allen managed to make it through dinner without getting busted, though his sexy little girl didn't make it easy! Just watching the shape of her lips and her ready smile as she spoke and ate had him captivated. If that weren't enough, he always got lost in the lively, deep green pools of her eyes. He realized he was full and truly smitten with this young creature. And he was quite okay with that.
Since Chloe was studying for her test, Allen and his wife spent some time with the jigsaw puzzle on the dining room table then watched some TV. Kathy looked pretty in her satiny blue lounge/sleep set. She was still very beautiful to him after all these years, and he missed the intimacy they used to share. But they still loved each other deeply, and he took great comfort in that.
Allen tried not to contemplate what Kathy might think about his sexy play with their daughter. Kathy had once suggested he find another woman to satisfy his sexual needs, though she obviously wasn't thinking of Chloe at the time! While he certainly wasn't considering going that far with his precious girl, as perfect as he knew they could be together, he was definitely into territory he felt guilty about. Not that it stopped him. Chloe's clear enjoyment of their recent games and willingness to play, too, lessened the guilt somewhat, but it still lingered.
Later in the evening, after Kathy had gone to bed, Allen had been watching one of his recorded shows when his phone buzzed. Odd.
A text from Chloe. "I'm done studying, Daddy. Come say goodnight?"
Allen's heart skipped a beat. He had thought she'd be studying much later and expected to just get in a quick kiss goodnight as he went up in a bit. But instead he immediately paused his show and shut things off. As he headed upstairs, he reflected how much he'd always enjoyed his special goodnight time with Chloe over the years. But now that time held additional promise.
Allen arrived at Chloe's door, took a breath, and knocked. "Come in!" He eased the door open to find her sitting up in bed, her long, toned legs stretched out together on top of the covers, still in the long t-shirt and shorts from dinner.
"You beckoned?" Allen offered.
Chloe giggled, looking a little flushed for some reason. "Yes, Daddy. I finished studying already and wanted some goodnight time with you. I hope that's OK."
"Of course, precious! Always. Does m'lady grant audience to her royal subject?" he queried with a bow, extending his right hand to be taken by hers. She giggled in delight at his use if their old evening greeting.
"Yes, indeed, good sir" she formally replied, taking his hand and pulling him to his spot on the bed, on her right, facing her. "You may kiss my hand." She offered the back of her upraised hand. He leaned in with a smile and kissed her delicate fingers, where a royal ring might be. She giggled again. He loved that sound, and it filled his heart. She was a vision of simple, young beauty. His love for her exploded and spread once more, always a little surprising in its fierceness and intensity. He let the glow wash over him as he asked how her studying went.
And they dropped right into their easy conversation, as always, so comfortable it just flowed, whether they had minutes or hours together.
As they talked, Allen started idly tracing his fingers along her bare legs, right next to him on the bed. As his actions rose into his consciousness, he took in the feel of her creamy, smooth legs and offered, "foots and calves?" like he had countless times over the years.
"I was really, really hoping you would ask, Daddy," his little girl replied in a low voice. Then, in silence, she slowly raised both knees and swiveled slightly on the bed to aim them more toward him. She looked intently into his eyes as she slowly spread her legs. He looked down, hoping to be rewarded with a nice view up her shorts.
OH! MY! GOD! OH MY GOD! Oh My God. Oh my god. ohmygod ohmygodohmygodohmygod...
Chloe wasn't wearing any shorts. Her long t-shirt hadn't been hiding her shorts this time. It had been hiding the fact that they were missing! He was looking down upon her shimmering, sheer panties and her gorgeous teen pussy beneath. His mouth literally dropped open in surprise.
Heehee, yes!! Her Daddy's reaction to her surprise was absolutely perfect. Chloe'd had this idea after she had joked with both her parents about not wearing shorts under her long t-shirt at dinner. She hadn't known if she could be this bold, but she had already done it earlier with the matching bra, and that had gone amazingly! She still had the shorts on the whole time she was studying, and she probably spent far too much time debating with herself about taking them off for her Daddy's goodnight visit.
As she had texted him to come up, she was standing in front of her full-length mirror. Chloe had held up the hem of the t-shirt with her left hand, exposing the shorts and her flat tummy while her right thumb hovered over the Send button. She had then hooked the hem to hold it up with her right pinkie and watched as her left hand decided for her and peeled off the shorts. OMG! He'd see everything! She hit Send.
Well, almost everything, since there was a small panel over the entrance to her pussy. But even so, Chloe had not planned to be this bold today after just buying this bra and panty set yesterday! She had also purchased less-sheer options she had thought would go first. She blamed Amanda, who had looked so sexy in this same set at school today.
So, here Chloe was, much of her pussy on sheer display for her Daddy in the bright lights of her bedroom. And he had reacted exactly how she had hoped. Completely stunned, wide-eyed, and speechless! He was so adorable, and she loved him for it. His mouth had actually dropped open, and he'd stared blatantly at her pussy. Then he did a couple double takes up to her eyes and back down again, blinking, his mouth trying and failing to form syllables. Heehee, you're welcome, Daddy!
Chloe let him enjoy the sight of her for many delightful moments, while she soaked in the thrill of being exposed so openly to him. She had no idea until two short nights ago that she was an exhibitionist, but she clearly was! At least for her Daddy. She loved the naughtiness and taboo more than she could have ever predicted.
She still intended, however, to pretend like nothing was on display, if she could. She thought that added a bit of extra thrill, mixed with some sexy playfulness, and it seemed her Daddy felt the same.
Chloe felt she needed to finally break the silence. She gently reached for his hand, which was resting on her raised knee.
"Daddy?" she ventured quietly. He looked at her but didn't respond. His eyes were full of emotion and very clear arousal. "Daddy?" she tried again, giving his hand a tender squeeze. That seemed to rouse him back to reality. (Of course, the reality truly was that his daughter was exposing her pussy to him between her spread legs, heehee!)
"Uh... Chloe. Yes. Hi. Um, ha." Her Daddy seemed to laugh at himself for only being able to say hi. She gently coaxed him back into conversation, and he rose to the occasion. His eyes barely left her pussy, though, and she couldn't blame him for that! But they started chatting again. Then she teasingly pointed out how he had offered foots and calves, if she recalled correctly.
"Right! On it," Allen agreed. He had been truly stunned by Chloe's blatant, thrilling display of her pussy to him. He had hoped for a peek. Instead he was treated to a fantastic, nearly-full view! And like her breasts, his daughter's pussy was as he had dreamed it would be. Perfect. Her puffy pussy lips stood out, ready to be kissed (stop!). They were shaped just right: her clitoral hood protruded from the top of her slit, covering her sensitive button in a wishbone shape. Right below, new folds of pussy lip reached out to him, slightly larger then those over her clit. They flared like angel wings and looked like they were reaching out to hug him. He wanted to sink into that welcome hug.
Everything was so clearly visible under the shimmery fabric of his precious baby girl's sexy panties! A panel blocked the entrance to her pussy itself, and Allen logged a mental desire to see that some day. Soon, God, please! He found himself burning yet another erotic image of his daughter into his bank of memories. He never wanted to forget this first up-close sight of her beautiful pussy, though he hoped for many, many more.
Allen also got his first clear view of the patch of sexy, trimmed hair above her pussy. It was shaped like a heart! It reminded him if his love for his precious baby girl and hers for him. He found himself irrationally hoping that was somehow the reason she chose that shape. The wispy curls looked soft to the touch, and he yearned to confirm that.
That was probably across the line, at least right now! Their sexy play seemed to be escalating quickly, which left him a bit dazed. But Chloe had lovingly coaxed him out of his stupor, and he now had a job to do. She never once acknowledged her exposed pussy, and he meant to keep up his side of that fun charade.
Allen started massaging his little girl's right leg, kneading her toned calf with both hands, then reaching down and gently doing the same to her foot, careful not to tickle her. He kept up his side of the conversation pretty well, he thought, given the circumstances, though he realized he was making only a weak effort to look at her eyes when talking. His gaze was very much focused on his daughter's delicious-looking pussy. And his cock knew it, having already risen to rock hard, full length under his shorts. He was very tempted to just pull it out through his fly or loose shorts leg, but he held back. He did nothing to hide the large tent sticking straight up in his lap, however. It was all Chloe's doing, and he wanted to let her know how much he appreciated the view she was providing.
As Allen got back into a rhythm with his leg massage, he set a new goal for himself. Two nights ago, he had mistakenly caressed Chloe in the sensitive spot at the top of her inner thigh, right next to her pussy. Now he set it as a target. He cautioned himself not to get carried away once there, though, as he knew it would be highly tempting to keep moving under her panties themselves, a line he had to consciously recommit to not cross. But he felt anything outside her panties might be fair game.
He wanted to tease his way to his target, so Allen started with a firm stroke from Chloe's right foot over her calf to her knee. He then stroked back down to her calf, and as he came up, he went past her knee to her thigh. He was still using both hands, so his right hand was on her inner thigh. He continued the pattern several times, always back to the calf (he really liked the shape of her calf, he noted for the thousandth time), but every time, he ended a little farther along her thigh, until he was at about mid-thigh.
Then Allen only retreated to her knee while continuing the knead his little girl's bare flesh. As before, he would stroke up her thigh toward her pussy with his palms with good pressure, his fingers facing up. Then he would pivot his hands so his fingers pointed along her thigh toward her pussy and lightly tickled them back toward her knee. He hoped the combination of touches and the contact with her inner thigh would have the desired effect on her. Given how she was breathing a little harder and seemed to be having some trouble with her side of the conversation now, he thought he was succeeding!
Allen was ready. His last pass had included her full thigh under his retreating fingers. So, this next stroke would be it. He tore his gaze from his baby girl's pussy for a moment and looked into her beautiful green eyes. As she was speaking, he slowly massaged his palms all the way down her thigh. He then pivoted his fingers from top to bottom and stroked the bare skin right next to her panties, using all his fingers from top to bottom in a slow, sensual stroke. He paused with all his fingers spread, with each touching a different point in the cleft between her thigh and her pussy.
His baby girl had been mid-sentence and just stopped talking with a cute but sensuous intake of air. "Hh...uhh!" She looked him straight in the eyes, as hers widened with arousal. Allen was so close to her pussy! He looked down at his fingers to confirm just how close, searing another image into his memories. He then wiggled each finger in its spot before pulling back toward her knee, not with light but firm pressure from each finger all the way up her thigh. "Ah!" It was nice to see he could affect her speech as much as she challenged his, he thought with a loving chuckle. It was exciting to him that he could make his precious girl feel so good.
This time, Allen was not going to do that only once! As he warmed to this idea, he came up with another devilish thought. How much could he tease her? He suddenly wanted to see if he could make her wet. Under the panel in her panties, he had to assume she was already at least a bit wet, given how much he knew she leaked. Given her clear enjoyment of exposing herself to him, he hoped he helped her along with his sensual massage. How wet would she get? Could he get her to leak through? That was a distinctly naughty thought, but now it was his singular desire.
OMG, her Daddy was driving her insane! He'd just touched her at the top of her thigh again, like two nights ago, but this time it was definitely on purpose! She was already so worked up from his touch and the explicit view she knew she was giving him. His hard cock was creating a huge tent in his shorts that neither of them acknowledged, like they weren't saying anything about the pussy she was flashing just an arm's reach away from her Daddy's eyes. His shorts were darker at the tip, and she knew she had gotten him excited enough that he was leaking pre-cum into them, all because of her. She loved that!
She was also wet, she knew, which wasn't surprising given all the erotic tension in the room right now. Chloe thought she should probably bring things to a close before she started leaking all over the place! But she felt so good under her Daddy's touch. Maybe a little bit more...
Allen focused his gaze back on his daughter's exposed pussy lips, which he noticed with a thrill had enlarged and separated a bit in her excitement. God, they looked so lickable (stop!) and fuckable (STOP)! He knew he was already visibly leaking pre-cum to stain his shorts. Because of her. It was time to see if he could get his baby girl's panties wet to match!
It didn't take long.
Allen traced all fingers of both hands along Chloe's right inner thigh toward her pussy. He made contact right next to her panties, and then he stroked both hands in opposite directions, fingers caressing the sensitive, bare skin up and down at the same time. Voila! He watched with loving satisfaction as a stain formed on her panties. She must have already been pretty wet under the panel, and that move finally caused her to leak enough to soak through. It started as a pinpoint right over where her pussy opening would be, but it spread quickly in a juicy circle.
He didn't stop there. Allen next lightly traced all eight fingers up Chloe's pelvis to her taut, smooth tummy, and ran his hands across her body to her left side, dragging both thumbs directly across her sheer panties and the heart-shaped pubic hair beneath. He wiggled his thumbs to tickle her lightly as they passed over.
Allen then traced his fingers down her pelvis to her left inner thigh, and he stroked all ten fingers down the crease next to her panties on that side, causing Chloe to audibly moan, as she sputtered while failing to hold up her conversation again. He massaged both hands out to her left knee and paused to note in delight that the entire panel of her panties was now soaking wet with his baby girl's delicious (he assumed) pussy juices! And the stain was getting darker. Now that he'd broken through the dam, it seemed she was flowing freely. It was so hot!
He wanted more.
Allen kept going. He traced his left hand down Chloe's left inner thigh, caressing the crease on the way, up her pelvis and across her panties, including tickling his thumb over her pussy hair again, then all the way around and out to her right knee. Both hands were now on separate knees.
Allen massaged each hand in parallel down both of his daughter's inner thighs. Slowly. Sensuously. Alternating light finger pressure with full palm touch. As he got past mid-thigh, he changed to just holding on with his fingers and slowly circling each thumb in broad strokes up and down each inner thigh as he brought both hands closer to her pussy. As he arrived, he splayed his fingers onto her pelvis and continued the gyrations with his thumbs, caressing in circular strokes against the sensitive bare skin right next to her panties. And her young pussy.
Allen noticed several things in parallel. First, they had both stopped talking. Chloe was whimpering and cooing as he continued to gently stroke her. Her eyes were slightly out of focus, not that he was spending much time looking anywhere but at her saturated panties.
Second, she was well and truly soaked, as was he. His pre-cum stain was huge by now, he was so turned on by making his precious girl feel so good! His cock was harder than it had ever been in his entire life. Literally. The bed covers under her were now also getting wet, she was leaking so much.
Third, as unexpected as it was thrilling, her wet panties were clinging to her engorged pussy lips, so he could clearly see the full outline of her entire pussy, opening and beckoning to him. Most of her pussy was already visible through the sheer panties, but he could now also easily see how the lips were shaped under the panel, as the visible ridges of her glistening lips continued under the wet, clinging material.
Fourth and finally, as he continued circling his thumbs against his little girl's skin, pushing in on what he could feel were the edges of her outer labia, she was so wet that he was getting her pussy juice on his thumbs. God, he wanted so badly to taste her! It would be so easy. Just lift a thumb to his mouth and suck in her juices. He knew she'd be sweet and delicious and perfect. He wanted to drink all of the juices he had helped create. But he held back somehow, not crossing that line.
Beyond finally, he had to stop. He knew it. He had vowed to himself for both their sakes. He didn't want to. At all. What he wanted was to push his thumbs under her panties, one into her welcoming hole, one onto her clit to bring her to an orgasm he created. For his daughter. His baby girl. What he wanted was to take her panties off and dive in with his mouth to drink up all of her pussy juice and give her an orgasm with his tongue. What he truly wanted was to love her completely and put his hard cock in her, which he knew instinctively would fit as if they were made for each other. She'd probably let him if he asked. They'd probably both love it if they did.
All of which was why he had to stop. With effort, he slowly started pulling away, rubbing his hands back up her thighs lovingly, streaking her juices off his thumbs onto her skin in a trail to her knees. He gently pushed her knees together and kissed each one, rubbing his hands down the outside of both closed thighs in a hug. He looked up to her eyes, his a little sad.
"Daddy?" his daughter whispered, her eyes aroused and pleading. "Daddy...please?" she urged.
"My love. My dear. Please don't ask, or I might. We should stop. I should go." He needed to say more, so she knew, though she probably already did. "Please know how much I want to stay. My sweet, precious girl. You know how much I love you. But we can't. I already went too far again. Sorry. Well...sorry not sorry!" he finished with a small grin, which earned him the hoped-for giggle, relieving some of the tension. He looked at her silently as she thought a while, and then she nodded gently in understanding.
He slid forward on the bed and brought his arms to both sides of her. He brought his eyes close to hers and whispered, "You are my one true love. Know that." And he kissed her. Gently but with all the love he could send. Then he reluctantly got up, his stained shorts sticking out over his still-hard cock, and made for the door.
"Daddy?"
"Yes, precious?"
"You might want to listen on the other side of the door for a minute."
Chloe loved her Daddy so much! There weren't proper words for it. He had gotten her so wet and turned on! She had nearly cum under his thumbs without him even touching her pussy directly. Jesus, he was good at that! She had willed him to taste her juices and see it was Chloe's Essence that was on his fingers and all over her bed covers. But he hadn't. She briefly wondered when he would make that discovery and how he'd react!
Then he'd stopped. But she understood. Truly she did, and she agreed, albeit reluctantly. She loved him for being strong. She loved him more for all the words he said. Well, she just plain loved him. Completely.
But she wanted to give him a little reward for good behavior! And she needed release, quickly. As the door shut, she closed her eyes and spread her knees wide. She rubbed her hands up her inner thighs like her Daddy had done. She imagined it was his hands, back on her. Her Daddy's strong hands caressing her. Then she reached under her soaked panties, imagining it was his strong Daddy thumbs pushing into her pussy and rubbing her clit. She wasn't quiet about what she was doing nor how it felt.
On the other side of the door, Allen listened. He heard Chloe whimpering with pleasure at a steadily and quickly increasing pace.
"That feels good!" he heard her coo. "Yes! Just like that. It feels so good. Keep doing that, Daddy. Just. Ah! Like. Ah! That! Oh!! Daddyyyyyyy!!" He heard his daughter cum, calling his name.
Chloe's epilogue
Chloe's orgasm was once again one of the most powerful ever in her young life. All her best orgasms have been because of her Daddy, and he hasn't even been there for them! Of course, he was almost there for this one, since she screamed his name to him through her door as she came right after his Daddy fingers had worked her up to the edge.
Her Daddy was only a few feet away when her pussy pulsed for him. She yearned for him to be closer, as close as two people who loved each other could get. But she knew that was several crossed lines away and shouldn't be expected, though it was certainly a thrilling fantasy!
For now, though, there was delicious juice everywhere! Chloe was in heaven. It was all her Daddy's fault, so she sent silent, loving thanks, directing it down the hall to him (with extra aim at his Daddy cock).
Chloe wanted to drink, and she needed to be naked. She couldn't get to it all fast enough! She quickly pulled her t-shirt off and tossed it aside. (Thankfully, she had already removed her bra before studying.) With her right hand, she urgently scooped her delicious, copious nectar straight from the source and slurped it hungrily from her fingers.
At the same time, Chloe pulled her panties off with her left hand, quickly inverting them then stuffing the soaked crotch into her eager mouth. For how little actual material there was, there was a huge amount of Chloe's Essence to suck out and gulp down.
There was also everything she had leaked out onto her bed covers. Chloe felt a bit extra perverted getting onto all fours and licking and sucking at her covers, but she didn't care. She needed it all.
Finally sated, Chloe suddenly felt completely spent. But she also felt full, content, and loved. She ached with how much she loved her Daddy. But it was a good ache, and she let it envelop her as she turned off her light and crawled naked (yes!) under her covers.
She wished him a powerful orgasm of his own before he slept and hoped he thought of her as he came. She knew he'd be in her dreams, and she looked forward to what tomorrow might bring.
Allen's epilogue
Allen called out Chloe's name quietly as he came, spewing multiple jets into the sink, his knees going a little weak. Once again, his teen daughter was the cause of some of his best orgasms ever, and he marveled at that. He loved her so!
Goodnight time with his little girl was again intense and thrilling. Allen had come so close to giving in but was proud of his restraint. Well, if you could call it restraint when you intentionally feel up and stroke your own daughter's crotch to make her leak pussy juice on you as you stare at her engorged, beautiful pussy lips! So, it's all relative, ha. But he had stayed outside her panties, even if barely, and that was good, no matter how much he longed for more.
Hearing his precious girl cum while calling his name was amazing! Allen was so happy he could make her feel so good. And how thrilling and taboo to have her call out to him on the other side of the door, his hard cock in his hand as she came. He had to rush to the bathroom afterward, stroking himself to visions of his daughter's perfect pussy all the while.
As he crawled in bed next to Kathy, naked as always, he wondered why he didn't feel more guilty. He should, right? He loved two women, now. That should feel more odd than it did. What he had always had with Kathy was deep and good. But what was growing with his daughter seemed near perfect in how right it felt. It shouldn't, but it just did.
He decided not to overthink it tonight. As sleep came, he yearned for night visions of his perfect, precious little girl, and he looked forward eagerly to tomorrow.