I have been thinking about you all day whilst I have been at work. I would love to drop in on you at your work.
I would meet you at your desk, take you in my arms, embrace you totally whilst kissing your mouth, chin and all down your neck.
Grabbing your arse in both my hands, is everyone in the office looking? I don't care, I must have you.
I turn you away from me and bend you over your desk, lifting your skirt to uncover your perfect arse in your delicate panties.
I run my hands up your back, exploring every nuance of your spine, slipping my hands under the waistband of your skirt and into your blouse so I can caress your back all the way up to your shoulders.
I grab your office chair and sit down on it so as my hands explore your back my face meets your lovely butt.
I let one hand slide down your back to the top of your panties and I slide the tips of my fingers under the top of your knickers.
I let my fingers trace around the curve of your arse and drift into your butt crack as I kiss the top of your butt cheeks that have been exposed as your panties have moved down the little bit because of the eagerness of my fingers.
I bring my other hand down and slide your panties down to your knees. I run my nose and both hands around your arse caressing each cheek and the tops of your thighs. I let my tongue explore the crack of your arse and move to your butt hole. You taste divine. I continue down with my tongue giving attention to the area between your butt and pussy.
I let my fingers join my tongue to caress around your butt and pussy and lightly touch each of them in turn.
Ever so slowly, I let a finger into your arse, just the barest tip. Making small circles as my tongue seeks out your clit.
With my other hand I trace with my fingers the length of the lips of your pussy whilst I continue with my other hand to slowly stimulate your arse.
I have perfect access with you laid out over your desk, you arch your back to push your clit back onto my tongue, I slip two fingers gently into your pussy and a moment later push my finger deeper into your butt so I can feel the length of my two fingers through the wall of your butt.
I let my fingers in your pussy do the walking, opening and closing my fingers in that walking motion to encounter every tender area in your pussy. I love to explore you my lover, I need to feel every nuance of your pussy. Exploring your G spot whilst continuing to let my tongue trace circles over your clit.
Women are amazing, everyone is different and you can change from day to day as to what areas are the most sensitive. It is an honour to be entrusted with the most beautiful gift a woman can give, the gift of herself.
I take my time to explore you, my cock is so hard and demanding it is so difficult and I have to force myself to concentrate on your needs and not jump right in to take my pleasure.
I can sense from your breathing that you are getting close to coming so I increase the intensity that I apply to your clit, pussy and arse.
I feel that beautiful spasm that tries to push my fingers out of your pussy as you come.
I must fuck you now, I have held off way too long. My need is intense.
I stand as your orgasm subsides and I place my cock into your pussy thrusting firmly into you until my balls slap against your beautiful pussy.
I start slowly moving in and out of you but I cannot contain myself as I thrust deeper and harder into you. I feel you are nearing your second orgasm so to help you along I slide my finger back into your arse and press into my cock as it slides in and out of your pussy.
You cum again, you are so beautiful when you cum. You make the most delicious noises.
Your pleasure turns me on so much I cannot contain my own orgasm anymore and I explode deep into your pussy. I collapse over your back with both my cock and finger still in you.
As we slowly come to our senses we then start to realise everyone that has been watching our every move. I kiss your reddening cheek and I wonder how you will ever be able to face your work mates again.
Did they know what a dirty little girl you are? They do now.