Rachel texted me in the middle of the day. It had been quiet at work, so I noticed the message arrive.
"Are you busy?"
"Not so much, what's up?"
"Can I come over?"
"Sure"
She arrived about twenty minutes later. She was dressed in her usual plain clothes, just jeans and a T-shirt.
"You see," I said, "this is what I'm talking about. You dress plainly, so I feel I have to fix that."
"Actually," she said, "that's sort of what I wanted to talk to you about."
"OK, but first how about you get more comfortable."
We walked through to the living room, and sat down.
"Oh, did I not make myself understood? I'd like you to undress."
She liked being told what to do, so stepped out of her sneakers and socks, then unbuttoned her jeans and pulled them down and off.
"It would be better if those were a lot tighter," I said.
She pulled her T-shirt off over her head, leaving her in her white underwear. I kept looking at her, and she unhooked her bra.
"Can I keep my panties on for the moment? It'll make sense soon, I promise."
I nodded, intrigued. She sat down.
"So you know you complain about my dull panties?"
I nodded.
"I wear them because they're cheap."
"I'm happy to buy you some sexy ones, so you can look sexier while we're playing our games."
"That's not what I mean. Well, really. See, I want cheap panties because I only wear them once."
I obviously looked a little confused at this.
"See," she carried on, "the thing is, I make money on the side by selling them."
"What?"
"I sell my used panties. I have a little side business on a web site. It's how I'm paying my way through school."
"How long has this been going on for?"
"I dunno, maybe a year?"
"Um, OK. How much do you sell them for?"
"That's the thing - I auction them. There are a big bunch of guys who bid against each other, and ones I've worn to work or whatever usually go for like $10 or so."
"How do they know that?" I asked.
"I do a little journal entry, right, of each pair, often with a picture of me in then - just the panties, no face or anything, and then people know what they're getting."
"Show me."
She pulled up the web site on her phone. It was pretty basic, and the pictures of her looked like something from a department store catalog.
"Interesting. I always thought that was a fringe Japanese thing."
"Oh no, there are a load of guys registered on my site. None in Japan yet, that I'm aware of."
"I can make the site better if you want."
"Like what?"
"Better pictures, video, subscription, that sort of thing."
"Maybe."
"OK, so..."
"Well, what I've found out is that guys really like the stories I've been telling about what I did in the panties, and I'm finding that panties I've been really turned on in, with a story, sell for a lot more. Like $100 to $150 more. And the stories they seem to like are the ones you've pushed me through."
"OK, so..."
"I just wanted to check that you're OK with this. I mean, I can cut you in if you want..."
"That's not necessary."
"The thing is, there are some requests coming in. I usually do better on those. In the past, they've been for panties I've exercised in, or that I've worn for a week or something."
"But now?"
"Now they're for panties I've worn while blowing somebody, or I put on after getting fucked. They're getting really specific, but they're offering me a bunch of money. I don't think I'll do all of them, or even focus on them, it'll just be one a week or something, I guess. I just wanted you to know. And be OK with me wearing panties, like all the time. I know you've talked about me not wearing them and stuff."
"If you bring me the request list, I'm sure we can get some of them knocked off in our games."
"That's the thing, I've noticed that every time I put up one of your stories, I get more requests to do something similar again. It's like you're giving them ideas or something."
"Can we at least get you something sexier?"
"I don't know. Part of me thinks they like the innocent panties doing sexy stuff thing. We can see, I guess."
"I'd like to try," I said.
"How about I try on some sexy panties, and buy them, then see how they sell?"
"Well, we could do that today, but you're hardly dressed for trying on clothes."
"I like to wear jeans, as it pushes my panties against me, so they... I guess, smell? better than dresses. It'll be fine, it'll just take me longer to change is all."
"We'll see," I said. "Come on then, get dressed, we're going shopping."
She picked up her bra.
"You don't need that, unless you sell those, too?"
She dropped it on the sofa, and pulled the rest of her clothes on. She took my hand, and we headed out.
"We do this my way, OK?" I asked her. "No questions, just do as you're told."
She nodded, and we went in to the clothing department of the store. She looked nervous. I asked her what size she was, then we wandered around the lingerie section while picking up a variety of different styles and colors of panties and bras.
We went over to the changing rooms. There were six changing rooms, three on each side, and they faced a sitting area that was in the main store. At the other end of the tunnel, there was a large mirror.
"I'll sit here," I said, in the seating area, "and I'll give you what I want to see you in next. I want to see you in only what I give you, OK?"
She nodded, looking nervous. I gave her a white cotton thong, and she headed in to the changing room. There was nobody else about, and I sat and looked through the underwear we'd chosen until she came out in just the thong. I took a picture of her, then had her turn around and took one from the back. It looked pretty sexy - a lot sexier than what she normally wore. I had her come over to me, where anybody could have seen her if they'd been looking. She put her arm over her tits, but I let that go. I pulled the straps up her hips, pushing the crotch up against her pussy. She stepped back into the tunnel and I took another picture, then she hurriedly went back into the changing room, then came back dressed and gave me the thong. I knew we were buying all of these, so I started a new pile, and gave her a lacy red thong to try next.
She headed off and shortly afterwards, popped out wearing just that. I took pictures and she went to get dressed again. I could tell she was really turned on, as her nipples were hard.
"Why don't you just change here?" I asked. "It'll save you some time, and there's nobody about."
She'd been posing in the little tunnel between the changing rooms, where only coming to me meant the possibility of being seen by more of the store.
I held out a yellow thong to her, and she looked around before coming and taking it, then stepped back between the changing rooms. She stripped off the red thong, and put on the yellow one, then posed for me to take my pictures.
She came back fully dressed and gave me the yellow thong, and I dropped it on the pile with the others.
"How are you doing?" I asked her.
"Incredibly turned on," she answered, grinning.
A married couple came up, with the wife having a couple of blouses to try on. I gave Rachel a black panty and bra set, and she headed off to get changed, and the husband sat down next to me.
His wife came out in one of the blouses, and he nodded at her. She went back into the changing room. Rachel came out in the black underwear set, and I had her pose for a couple of pictures, blushing furiously. The husband really enjoyed seeing her, and seemed excited to see what happened next.
His wife came out in the next blouse as Rachel came out to give me back the underwear set. He nodded at his wife, and she went back into the changing room while I took the set from Rachel, and gave her a red set. She headed off to get changed.
His wife came out in another blouse, and he nodded again. Before she pulled the curtain back, Rachel opened her curtain, and came out. We watched her, approvingly, and I took pictures, while the wife looked at her husband angrily, and Rachel disapprovingly. Rachel headed back to get changed, and we heard the wife give a loud tut. I know, young people today.
The wife came out, dressed in her own clothes, and stood in front of her husband. Rachel came out, dressed, and gave me the red set. I gave her a pair of red boy shorts. She took them and headed off, and the wife dragged the husband away before he got to see Rachel's next pose.
She came out, and I took a couple of pictures. There was nobody about, so I held out a red lacy bra, and she came and took it.
She went to put it on, and I said "One item at a time".
She went to step back between the changing rooms to take off the panties, and I said "uh uh, here."
Quickly, without looking around, she took off the shorts and put on the bra. I took a couple of pictures, then said "why don't you go and get dressed again?" I held my hand out.
She took off the bra and gave it to me, then headed for the changing rooms. I called to her, and took a couple of pictures of her there naked before she went back in and got dressed.
We took the underwear we'd already chosen, and headed off to find a dress.
After browsing around for a few minutes, I found a small black dress she could try on. I handed it to her, and she started off towards the changing room, but I grabbed her hand.
"There's nobody about, you can try it on here."
She looked around, quickly, then pulled her shirt off, giving it to me, and pulled the dress on. She then undid her jeans and pulled them down, taking them off and handing them to me. She twirled around.
"What do you think?"
"I like it. Because it's a little bit looser, you can't see your panty line. I think we'll take it. Let me find a summer dress, OK?"
She stood there, looking at herself in the mirror at the end cap, when I came over with a summer dress. I handed it to her, but before she could do anything, a store clerk was coming our way. She was older than us, and a little tubby. She had an amused look on her face, rather than being angry.
"Excuse me," she said, "but we have changing rooms over here - you shouldn't undress on the floor here where anybody can see you. Let me show you."
Rachel blushed, and I had to try really hard not to burst out laughing. I let the clerk lead us over to the changing rooms, and sat down when she went in to the changing rooms with Rachel.
They were gone an awful long time, and eventually Rachel came out with the summer dress on. She looked flushed, and posed for me, then scuttled back in to the changing room.
I sat there for a while, waiting, sitting there with Rachel's clothes, until she came out in just her panties and took them from me before heading back. A minute or so later, she came back out, dressed, carrying the dresses on hangars. She looked really embarrassed.
We went and paid for the underwear and dresses, then went and to a coffee shop to get a drink and let her calm down a little.
"That was unreal," she said, babbling excitedly. "When she took me in to the changing room, she told me somebody had complained about me trying on underwear, and she'd watched me change into the dress, and she thought I looked really sexy, standing there topless for a few seconds. So she started to come over, and then you gave me the other dress, and she thought she'd like to see me strip off again, but just for her. So she stood there and I took the dress off, and stood there in just my panties waiting for her to give me the summer dress. She reached out and felt my tits, and I leaned in and kissed her. So we made out for a little bit, and I remembered that I was supposed to be trying on the dress. I took it from her, and put it on, then came out and posed for you."
"Ah," I said, "that's why you were gone so long."
"Yeah," she said, "so I went back, and she took the dress from me and hung it up with the other one behind her. She pulled me to her, and kissed me again. She stood in front of the dresses, so I came out and got my clothes from you in just my panties, then got dressed - the rest you know."
"How are you doing?"
"God, I am so turned on. My panties are soaking."
"You going to auction them?"
"Oh yes," she said, "I want to go home and swap panties before work."
"I have a better idea. We have panties here," I said, motioning at the bag, "take a pair to the restroom and get changed, then we'll go back to the store."
I gave her the white thong, and she stood up.
"Men's restroom," I said. "And not in a stall."
She grinned and headed off. A minute later I got a picture from her on my phone, of her in just the thong. It was a selfie, taken in the mirror over the sink in the restroom.
When she came back, we headed back to the store.
"OK, you're going to find that assistant, and ask her to help you try on a bikini. That way she can really have you strip for her."
"Where are you going to be?"
"Walking around. I'll leave you to it, I know where you'll be."
She headed off and found the assistant, and I watched as they went and picked out a bikini. Then they went not to the changing rooms, but to an "Employees Only" area at the back of the store. Interesting.
I was pottering around the store looking at storage bins when I got a picture of Rachel in a white string bikini. She looked like she was in a little employee rest area, and I could see her clothes lying on a chair behind her. It wasn't a selfie, it was taken by somebody else.
Then I received a picture of her with the string on the top undone, holding the little fabric triangles over her tits.
Then I received a picture of her topless, but holding one of the strings for the bottoms out to the side, undoing the bow.
Then I received a picture of her with one side of the bikini undone, undoing the bow on the other side.
Then I received a picture of her with both sides of the bottoms undone, and the front flap of fabric down, showing her pussy.
Then I received a picture of her fully naked.
I waited to get another picture. It took a few minutes, then there was a picture of her kneeling down naked, with her head under the front of a skirt.
I figured she was too busy to send anything else, so I carried on looking at some of the other displays while I waited for her to come back. I was looking at TVs when she came bounding up to me.
"Let's go back to your place," she said, and grabbed my hand and dragged me out of there.
She didn't want to talk about it until we got home, where she stripped off, put her now wet thong with her other soiled panties, and put on a different thong.
"So I went and found the assistant, Anne, and said I'd like her help with a bikini. She just looked at me and smiled, and said she knew just the one for me. She went and grabbed it, and said of course I'd want to try it on, and took me to the employee's coffee area, not the changing rooms. I asked if she could lock the door, and she said no, it doesn't have a lock. So, I quickly undressed, and she took her damn time giving me the suit. I pulled the bottoms on first, then the top, and she had me pose for the pictures - I sent you a few of them, but there are more on my phone. Well, she had me strip off, then we started making out. I'm standing there in their staff room, naked, with her all over me, and she pulled her skirt up and her panties down, and I went down on her. She has a hairy pussy, but pretty nice legs. She must have been really turned on, as it didn't take her long to cum. She used my thong to wipe herself, then my face, then told me to put them back on. I got dressed, and she gave me the bikini. She said to come back any time, as she really enjoyed herself. And now I want you to go down on me and make me cum before I have to go and get ready for work."
She came over to me, wearing just the yellow thong, and I reached around to hold her butt, and licked her clit through her thong until she came.
She took the thong off, and put another one on, then finished getting dressed.
"Right," she said, "I've got to go."
She grabbed the bag of clothes, and I saw her out.