I was so horny.
All I wanted to do was get hammered, the way I liked it, the way I'd planned it, by my husband, on the couch, and then head to bed. I'd been ovulating all day at work and obviously couldn't take care of things there.
I'd counted away the hours, and then the minutes to when I could leave. I'd considered excusing myself to the ladies room and bringing myself to a quick orgasm on my lunch break. I even kept a little bullet vibrator in my bag for just such an occasion. But, it wasn't so much the big O that I wanted. I wanted semen.
I even took off a little bit early just to make sure we'd have a solid bank of time to do it, and then do it again if I wanted to, before bed. My ovulations have just never been satisfied with anything but a rough fuck and a shot of cum. Sorry to be so crude, but in the retelling of this story, I need to convey my state at the time, because it's important to know.
If the reader is the judge of the events, I need to tell my side of the story.
This was back in my 20s. My husband and I had gotten married early and even though he wasn't entirely aware, my plan was to get pregnant nice and early, too. Sort of, tick all the boxes.
I got home before him, took a shower, and made sure I wore something a little revealing just to ensure he took appropriate notice.
Don't get me wrong. He's a good boy. I could have walked around in a potato sack and told him it was time to do me and he happily would. He didn't need much in the way of encouragement. He still doesn't.
But when you're ovulating you like to preen a little bit, right?
I usually wax simply because I prefer it, so out of the shower I inspected myself to ensure that there were no stray hairs that needed attention prior to my night of dedicated dicking. As I'd assumed, clean as a whistle. I checked my naked form in the mirror approvingly.
I've always been petite, but with a little more junk in the trunk than most, and a nice pair of ta-ta's up top. Perfect little nipples that harden up when tickled, licked, or kissed. I keep myself trim, and I get looks and whistles and I'm pleased with that level of attention.
Everyone likes getting attention, right? Especially for something as primal as how sexually appealing you are.
Before I put my slightly-more-revealing clothes on, I thought I'd add a kinky little treat for The Hubs. On a whim weeks before, I'd purchased some stick-on nipple covers in the shape of big black X's that said "Lick Me." on them.
Those would knock his socks off. On they went.
I also put on a black mesh, double-strap g-string. Thanks to the bounce in my booty, hubby loves it when I wear anything with multiple straps because it accentuates what I've got to grip onto.
I wanted my stud ready to breed.
So, there I was, sexed up and counting down the minutes to when my husband was due. He'd texted and was still about 20 minutes away. I cursed his commute, the length of which I never really had a problem with until now.
It was at that moment I get a message from my friend, Mandy.
Mandy is... fun... exciting... a bit wild... a bit out of control... I knew her in highschool. We fell apart. Kind of got back together. She got pregnant in her later teens by her highschool sweetheart, Jack, and got an Instant Family with twins. I had contact with Jack occasionally, but never really a relationship with him.
He'd gone from highschool sweetheart to broken up with, to back on, to off again, and so the story goes. Apparently, family life didn't overly suit either one of them, at least not together. They tried, but you kind of knew the next break up was around the corner, and at some point, likely a complete separation. Which was fine. Given that we weren't "couple friends" we wouldn't lose much if he dropped out of the picture. Mandy wasn't even really a mutual friend between my husband and me.
She was just Mandy, my friend.
Jack was cute enough. I wouldn't cross the globe for him, but he was a solid 7 out of 10. Not really my type. A bit taller than my husband, but also a bit lankier. Knowing what I knew about Mandy and her preferences, and what I'd heard about tall guys and theirbighands, I kind of figured he was packing.
But, like with most girls [sorry to disappoint the male readers] whether or not we love you or respect you is far more important than how big your ding-dong is.
That case was proven with my message from Mandy:
Mandy // I've left Jack. For good. I have to. Last night was horrible. I'm coming over with the twins. I need you!
*Sigh.* Mandy... Fun. Exciting... Also has horrible timing, and is pretty self-centered. This night was not going to go as I planned.
My husband would get home in 20 minutes.
Mandy would get to my home in about 15, and she'd be trailing her two adorable [but at this point incredibly inconvenient] twins with her, and there was a whole afternoon ahead of us.
This girl just wasn't going to get the loving she'd wanted until bedtime. This was irritating, but doable. I'd lasted all day. I could last a little longer. I changed out of my sexier clothes, into some comfy ones and started getting supper for the five of us ready.
But I kept my nipple stickers and g-string on.
***
"He's such a fucking asshole! I am SO, over him... but I love him SO much. What am I going to do?? Where am I going to go? What have I done! I'm going to have to go live with my parents!"
It had been going on like this for a couple hours.
When Mandy arrived she sort of had it together, but it was an act. She'd been staying bright and upbeat for the twins.
After supper, the twins had baths and we got them put to sleep. Since then, Mandy and I had been at the kitchen table, with her releasing all the emotions she'd pent up all day. Hubby tried to hang in there, but without her being his friend too, he really didn't have much to contribute. Off he went to the TV room to watch some Netflix.
Netflix that I should have been "& Chilling" to!
I sighed internally as outwardly I attempted to console and "there there" Mandy, but I was distracted. She didn't care. As I said, she's a touch self-centered, and I'd seen her like this before. She just needed to very dramatically pour it all out, have a good cry, and then go to bed herself.
Whereupon, I could get hammered.
"I'm going to be soooo lonely," she sobbed. "When will I ever just be held by a man, again? Just held??"
More sobbing.
As further minutes passed into hours, I came to the realization that something might be truly different this time in the break-up. I mean, she wasn't stopping the outpouring of what appeared to be genuine grief.
By this time, I was no longer thinking of my hammering. I was just thinking about my cozy, comfortable bed, a quick orgasm and sleep. I still had work the next day. Hubby had the day off. He could last all night if he needed to.
Then, it hit me.
I needed to get him to "take over" the consoling. I could then go to bed, masturbate [because anything is better than nothing] and go to sleep.
He couldn't act as the faithful friend offering sympathy and care, of course. But, he could do something else.
He could distract her.
"Honey," I started, very kindly and softly, because by now she was weeping, "Honey, I think you need a cuddle."
"I know!!" She practically screamed this in her crying. Obviously, I'd struck a nerve.
"Here's what we're going to do. Come with me... C'mon..."
I got her up and led her by the hand toward the TV room. She'd become a dazed, whimpering mess, which I was grateful for. She was mostly quiet. Much as I wanted to pass her off to my husband, I didn't actually want to disrupt his evening. If she could just pipe down long enough to fall asleep, we'd all end up winners.
Except for my womb, but that's another story.
I brought Mandy to the entrance of the den and stood there, and he paused what he was watching.
"Babe," I started.
"Uh, yeah...?" He sounded befuddled.
"Mandy needs to be held." I was trying to make this quick and easy. I had a date with a vibrator.
"Held? What do you mean?"
Honestly... why he didn't simply understand what I wanted was frustrating, but I tried to be patient.
"She needs to be held in the safe arms of a strong man."
"Okay? What do I do?"
Finally, my guy was asking intelligent, helpful questions.
"Just lean up against the arm of the couch, let her sit in between your legs with her back to your chest, wrap your arms around her, and hold her. She'll just sit quietly and watch your show, or she might sleep. She's exhausted."
((Whatever. I don't care. Just take this mess and let me go to bed!))
My thoughts nearly overwhelmed my sense of kindness to both of them.
"....right." He responded, and pulled back the blanket he was under and adjusted to let her in. I had a look at him and my heart [via my pussy] softened. Tomorrow, he'd be all mine.
She crawled in between his legs and assumed the directed position, leaning against his chest, and he covered her with his blanket, dutifully wrapping his arms around her. It looked a bit awkward at first, but I didn't care.
Finally, I got to say, "I'm going to bed. I'm tired."
What I meant was, "I'm going to bed because I desperately need to cum and neither of you are any help right now. So... tata!"
I practically skipped to the bedroom.
Once there, I plugged in my nearly-out-of-power phone on the bedside table, opened the drawer, grabbed my favourite vibrating dildo with fun little ears and tucked it under the covers next to me.
I switched out the lights, pulled off my shirt and shorts, and only then remembered that I had on that g-string my hubby loves and those nipple stickers hewouldhave loved! Ugh! Life was so cruel!
Then, my phone lit up.
I rolled over and checked it.
Jack // Hey. Sorry to bother you Olive. Is Mandy there?
*siiiiiiiiiiiigh*
Will I never be allowed to cum??
I couldn't leave him hanging. I picked up my phone and furiously typed back.
Me // Hey Jack. Yes, she's here with the twins.
I wanted that to be the end of the conversation but knew that it wouldn't be.
Jack // Yeah, I found the note. Just wanted to confirm. Ha! She said don't contact her. So, here I am, bothering you! Is she a wreck? Has she given you much trouble?
At least he understood Mandy enough to know what I'd been going through... or seemed to. I found comfort in his empathy.
Me // Not too much. Just a few hours of wailing. Nothing I can't handle. :-)
I always found it interesting how frequently I messaged people either completely naked or very near it. Even talking on the phone. If people knew how unclothed I was when communicating with them, especially men, I wondered if it would turn them on... It always does me, a little.
For instance, right now, I'm talking to the recently-left ex of my good friend [who happens to be in the arms of my lovely husband... good boy] while I'm wearing nothing but a slutty g-string and a pair of nipple stickers that say, "Lick Me." and I'm about to masturbate.
I was wet, sexually frustrated, and likely not thinking overly clearly at this point, obviously. So, I wondered to myself, "What would Jack think if he knew?"
Jack // Yeah, sorry about that. She has horrible timing.
I was well aware of her horrible timing. Again, it felt good to have someone understand, though he couldn't possibly know the reason why.
Me // I agree. Haha. But, why do YOU say that?
I mean, it was me who was hellbent on pregnancy. Me who had gone off the pill so I could experience the highs and lows of a normal cycle. Me who was at the peak of my monthly ovulation and in a very primal way, ready to mate anything that moved. (Not that I would, of course. But, you get the idea.) It's not like he could be...
Jack // lol you don't wanna know
This intrigued me.
Me // Color me curious!
Typing...
Jack // I guess it can't hurt. She says we're done forever, right? (Not that I buy that of course.) Anyway... I could just REALLY use her right now.
Me // You mean..?
Jack // lol I mean literally USE her. Sorry to be crude. It's been a couple weeks with this fighting and obviously... no sex during that... Not trying to objectify her, or women, or anything but... I really need an OBJECT in the form of a warm female and I'd kinda planned on it being her all day! Ha! Sorry. But yeah..
He DID understand! "Planning all day"?? Yes!
Objectify?? Please! Someone PLEASE treat me like an object!
Treat me like a warm slippery receptacle for your throbbing cock! Mount me! Mate me! Pump me full of your seed and then LET ME SLEEP!
While my heart fluttered with the excitement and naughtiness of the moment, I might.. MIGHT... have pulled my panties to the side and begun teasing my pussy. The g-string wasn't doing any good. It was mesh. And tiny. It absorbed nothing and I was practically in a puddle.
I was so slippery. Like the best lube had been poured there. My bald snatch was literally begging for my fingers. Soft, velvety folds that would welcome even the largest, most intruding stranger.
I traced the lips with my middle finger, just gently, always ending with a deliberate flick of my clit.
Me // Jack...
[...one handed]
Me // I understand completely.
Jack // Yeah?
Me // Yeah... compleeeeetely.
Like I said, it was late, I was horny, incredibly frustrated, and NOT thinking straight.
Jack //...don't you have a husband for that?
Me // Yes. Ordinarily. But, trouble landed on my doorstep this afternoon as YOU are well aware. Kind of kept us apart. Otherwise yes, he'd have given me everything I wanted by now.
Jack //.. yeah? :-) and what's that...?
He was trying to make me say it. He wanted details.
Me // You know.
Jack // Say it ;-)
Fine. He wanted details? I'd give him some.
Me // Held down.
Jack // Yeah..
Me // Ass in the air.
Jack // Mhmm.
Me // My face in a pillow and hands gripping the sheets...
Jack // More.
Me // ..and full. Deliciously, painfully, bottoming out full.
Jack // Mmmm. Sounds like you've had this before.
Me // Many, many times. And I want it rough and I want it now. Right. Now.
The conversation was already fairly incriminating. I was in pretty deep. I wasn't thinking, obviously. Wasn't thinking thoughts like:
((What if my husband reads this conversation?))
((What if MANDY reads this conversation?))
((What if Jack tells my husband AND Mandy ABOUT this conversation?))
None of that. I simply wasn't thinking. I was just in heady, sexual, give-me-attention overdrive and by now, I'd absentmindedly taken my sopping g-string off, and I had my legs spread wide open, and I was rubbing my petite but swollen clit, every so often dipping a couple fingers deep into my throbbing, tight pussy for more lube and giving my tender g-spot a rub.
Tingling and heat simply radiated from my spread legs. I could feel my own fluid slowly trickling down and coating my pert asshole. I gave it some attention, swirling my honey all over it and feeling it pucker under my fingers. I playfully slipped a knuckle in.
Jack // What are you wearing...?
This I wanted him to know. I wanted someone to know... and because I wasn't thinking... I snapped a picture of myself.
Not of my face. No one would know it was me. It was dark. The lights were off, and the camera had to work hard, but the result was a gorgeous, shadowy homage to the ovulating female that I was. Delicious, firm tits, proudly wearing their "Lick Me." stickers. My arm draped down the center of my panty-less body, legs wide, with my hand covering my pussy.
You could see my smooth, shapely legs in the deepening shadow of the picture, open as far as they could go. Knees bent. Ready for the next passing cock.
Honestly though... because of my hand placement, the stickers and the fact that it didn't have my face in it, it could have been anyone.
Plus... he and Mandy were finished... right?
Me //
I immediately got a thrill and rubbed myself quicker as I waited for his response, knowing his eyes were scanning all over my body.
Jack // Fuck me, you're a goddess.
*Sigh.*
My first good sigh of the night.
Thank you, Jack. You bought that picture with your attention.
Jack // You want... anything in return? Not everyone likes a dick pic, ha!
Me // Ordinarily no. Right now, yes. Show me.
Jack // Ask nicely.
I smirked. ((Cocky fucker.)) I thought. ((Oh! If only!))
So, I played along. I liked a little dominance.
Me // Please, Jack... Show me your hard cock. I want it.
At this moment, I was loving playing the slut. Plus, I did want to see it.
I wanted to know if...
Jack //
Me // Wow.
What else could I say? Granted, it was pretty up-close. Likely not as big as it appeared, but still. That was a big cock. My husband is no pencil dick, either. But this was thicker, and longer by the look of it. I absentmindedly wet my lips.
Jack // I've wanted to fuck you forever. Since high school. But... judging by that photo, you keep getting hotter.
This was a good boy.
My boy was fantastic, but Jack was obviously trainable. I don't know why Mandy couldn't do it. I felt a little proud... and deviant... knowing I was being lusted over by my friend's ex - the friend who had ruined my night of debauchery - just hours after their breakup.
Me // What would you do to me..?
Jack // Olive, a better question is 'what WOULDN'T I do to you'.
That sent a shiver up my spine and my fingers quickened their pace. That's more like it.
Round and round my swollen, slippery clit.
Me // You wanna fill me up Jack?
Jack // Full. I wanna see your lips grip the side of my cock as I'm pumping you.
Me // Mmmm. Which lips...? ;-)
I was being coy, but I honestly didn't know... or care... which lips he meant.
Jack // Mouth... first... I want to feel your tongue on the head of my cock. You wanna suck my cock Olive?
Me // Mmmm. Think it would all fit?
Jack // You'll be a good girl and we'll make it fit... I want to know what the back of your slutty throat feels like.
I'm not huge on blowjobs, but right now, in this moment, being called a slut, I wanted him to feel it, too. My pussy was one big throbbing tingle. I was edging and could cum at any time. But, I wanted more. I slowed my fingers to a gentle circling of my clit, occasionally using all my fingers to paint my sensitive lips with the thick, clear liquid.
Me //... as long as you save your load for my pussy.
Jack // That can be arranged. But I'm gonna throat fuck you...
Me // Mhmmm..
Jack // Watch that pretty face of yours gag on me...
Me // Uhuhh..
Jack // You'll be on your knees. I'll be grabbing your hair ... I'll push into you... and you'll gag but I'll hold you there like a good slut... and after you gag a few times, you'll open wide up... and when you think more can't fit... i'll push again and you'll feel me in your throat.
Me // fuck yea
Jack // And I'll pull... slowly.. all the way out.. covered in your thick throat spit
Me // MmHMM
Jack //..then I want to feel your tight asshole wrap around my veiny shaft...
I had a minor orgasmic shiver run through my body but I was able to stave off the big one.
Me // Yeah.. you gonna fuck my ass?...
Jack // You're gonna bend over on those precious knees of yours and stick that booty right up in the air for me.
Me // More.
Jack // You'll look back at me, with your head on the sheets, and you'll beg me to fuck your ass.
Me // Yess... fuck my ass Jack... I'm want it... please
Jack // You're gonna feel my thick head, slippery from your throat pusshhh against your asshole... until it POPS inside
Me // oh fuck i'm close
Jack // Right now.. send me a pic of you on your knees. Show me how much you want me fucking your thick slutty ass.
I wanted to oblige him. I was gone. I would cum for this man tonight. I wanted to do everything he said in that moment. Fortunately, we had a big mirror opposite the end of our bed, and I'd been fucked many times in it.
I flicked on the bedside lamp, got up on my knees and elbows, aimed my ass right at the mirror, widened my legs, leaned over my shoulder, and with my slippery fingering hand shoved my middle and ring fingers entirely in my ass, feeling my ring burn and clench against the sudden, but not unwelcome intrusion, and I shivered in delight...
...and then...
Me //
I was in so deep, but he still hadn't seen my face. I figured with no face in the photo, there was plausible deniability.
Jack // Fuck yes, baby. That is so fucking hot.
I loved hearing that. I loved the attention. I was a total whore for it at that point. I wanted more.
I pulled my fingers out of my ass, flipped over, spread my legs wide, used my ass-warmed fingers to spread my bald, slippery wet lips, made sure my tits were in the photo and my face was in the shadow, aimed my phone camera right up my body so he could see practically everything and...
Me //
Jack // Dammit Olive. You are so fucking hot. I LOVE your bald cunt. And I love that I can see your face. You are so fucking pretty.
Face? My face??
I felt a tingle of panic as I went back to the photo, zoomed in, realized my phone had dimmed the display with the light on so what looked to be a shadow, when I brightened my screen showed me... my face... in whorish ecstasy, mouth open, tongue licking my upper lip, staring right at the camera.
...and I realized how good I looked. How hot he thought I was, how I was claiming him as my toy for the evening, and all my panic changed to slutty delight. I almost came right then.
Me // Jack I want my ass to be soooo sore from you. But you gotta fuck my pussy...
Jack // Baby I'm gonna unload so far and so deep, your cunt is gonna spend days sucking up my cum.
This guy had to have a breeding kink and I was all about that right now. It was building. I had to cum.
Me // Fuck me, Jack. Fuck my pussy. You're so big. stretching me. It hurts... I love it. I'm gonna cummmm..
Jack // Me too.. Here it comes..
Me // Jack... I'm... MmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMMMMMMMMMM....
Jack // FUCK OLIVE
I just released. There's no easy way to write an orgasm. Especially when you're in the throws of having one.
I dropped my phone, ground my palm into my clit and fucked my pussy with my sloppy fingers, enjoying every bit. I pinched my nipples, hard through my stickers so I'd feel it hurt reeeeally good.
I rode that long-deserved orgasm for a few minutes as lightning raced from my pussy, up and out and tingled its way through my arms and legs and curling around my fingertips and toes.
I lay alone, screaming silently, convulsing on the bed before slowly coming back to consciousness.
I'd just been digitally fucked in all my married holes by the ex of the friend currently sleeping on my husband's chest just a few rooms away.
...and that's when reality hit, and I felt immediate remorse... guilt... shame.
I regretted everything. Absolutely. 100%.
I looked down at myself. I'd never turned the light back off after my little photo shoot for him. My legs spread, slick with a sheen of sweat. Stickers on my nipples, crumpled from my frantic and furious pinching. My breathing still heavy and ragged.
I tingled all over.
...and I heard Mandy walking down the hall. She must be going to bed. I panicked, thinking hubby could come in soon, find me in an absolute state, and wonder what exactly was going on.
Truth be told, he'd probably just take it as a cue to jump inside and give me what I wanted all day. But, brief panic had taken over from my moment of clarity.
I needed to move quick. I'd handle the aftermath of Jack tomorrow. For now, I said...
Me // Goodnight x
Jack // You were amazing.
Me // xx
Off went my phone, out went the light, off came the stickers [painfully] and I pretended to be asleep, just as the door opened and my husband came in.