I took a cab to the restaurant, timing my arrival a good half an hour before I expected Victoria and His Lordship to arrive. I was right in remembering that I had a pair of shoes that very closely matched those I had chosen for Victoria that morning, and I chose a dress that was revealing enough but, for the first time, slightly less revealing than the one I assumed Her Ladyship would be wearing. There was a small chance that we'd meet someone that recognised the couple at the restaurant and I had to maintain the niece cover-story after all. I had even worn stockings beneath my dress, hoping that Victoria's elegant bare legs certainly would steal the limelight.
Victoria didn't disappoint me in wearing the dress I had chosen for her. She looked stunning and as they were led over to the table I rose and gave them a kiss on each cheek as if we hadn't seen each other for weeks.
Dinner was fantastic, as it always was when I was taken out by this pair. There were around seven or eight small courses, hand-crafted by the celebrity chef who ran the kitchen, and each as delicately yet richly flavoured as the previous. It was the kind of restaurant where the common person might be told there was a six month waiting list, but they would always find space for someone like Victoria. I don't think the couple realised how effortless their position made so much of their lives.
We took a taxi home and, as it pulled up into the driveway, I gave Victoria's leg a squeeze.
"All of the staff are gone?" I asked her. George was in the front passenger seat and was paying the driver. Victoria nodded.
"Good," I said, "And you're going to let me lead things?"
Victoria looked nervous for a second but nodded nonetheless. I gave her a smile and another squeeze of her leg and the driver opened the doors for us to step out.
George opened the front door and it certainly looked like we had the large house to ourselves, despite the hall light being left on. He held the door open and we stepped inside.
"That meal was divine!" I said, almost over-enthusiastically. I ran my hands through my hair was if I needed to stretch myself out, but it was just my first move in changing the tone of the evening. "But I don't think I need to eat anything ever again."
Victoria laughed and nodded her head. "I don't think this dress fits me any more," she said. I smiled, glad that she had pre-empted my next step, albeit unknowingly.
"Me neither," I said, "Mine's pinching in all kinds of places. Do you mind giving me a hand?"
I turned my back to her and held my hair out of the way, making it as obvious as I could that I wanted her to unzip me. I couldn't see the look on her face but there was no pause as she obliged.
"Oh, that's so much better," I said as I wriggled out of the tight dress. Even with my back turned I could feel both pairs of eyes on me as I stood there in my black lace underwear and stockings.
"This too?" Victoria asked, and without waiting I felt her fingers pull at the clasp of my bra and unhook it. I smiled while they couldn't see my face: she was playing along better than I could have hoped.
"Thank you," I said as I shrugged my bra down my arms and let it drop casually to the floor and turned to face them. "Under-wiring and large meals never mix."
I could have been saying anything: they were both staring at my breasts as if in a trance. I didn't have to contain my satisfied smile as no-one was looking at my face.
"Here," I said, and with gentle but firm hands I turned Victoria around by the shoulders. I felt her tense as I slid the zip of her dress down, but she did nothing to stop me. I pushed the sleeves off of her shoulders and helped slide the tight fabric down her body. It dropped around her ankles but she merely stepped out of it. Neither of us made a move to pick up any of the clothes that were scattered around the hallway.
I judged it was too early to go any further: getting Victoria down to her beautiful, black lace underwear was achievement enough. And she even knew enough not to step out of her heels.
I took her by the hand and stepped towards the drawing room. As I pushed the door open she paused and looked over her shoulder at her husband.
"Are you coming, George?" she asked him.
He was rooted to the spot, staring at the pair of us: me in stockings and knickers, holding hands with the woman he loved: beautiful, pale and elegant and wearing underwear that could only mean one thing. He almost jumped across the hallway to follow us through the doorway.
"Take a seat," I said, "And I'll get you something to drink. Scotch?"
I knew His Lordship was partial to a Scotch in the evening, especially after a meal. He nodded, although I wondered if he was really capable of making any kind of decisions at the moment.
Victoria smiled as she watched me walk across to the drinks cabinet and pour her husband a generous portion of Balvenie. He had taken a seat in a large armchair and as I walked back with the glass Victoria took it from me and placed it on the table beside her husband.
He only had eyes for her as she walked towards him; beautiful, slim, tall and blonde, she was an irresistible sight in her matching lace underwear and high heels. After she had placed the drink on the table beside him she put both her hands onto the arms of the chair and bent over him. I watched as his eyes moved between her face and her cleavage as she approached.
"Happy birthday, George," she said, and she placed a light kiss on his lips.
His Lordship was unable to speak, such was his shock at the transformation that seemed to have taken hold of his wife. But then an awkward silence descended as Her Ladyship was unsure of how to follow up this opening exchange. It was time for me to step in.
"England has contributed much to world culture," I said with a smile, "But if there's one thing where it lags behind most of the world, it's in the field of kissing."
Victoria turned to me and laughed, grateful for my support more than from any real amusement.
"And what, in your opinion is, the country with the most to teach us about this noble art?"
I laughed now, and more genuinely than she had. I was also taken aback by the new-found confidence that seemed to have sparked within my client. Yesterday she had run away at the first sign of anything even remotely sexual, and now here she was, half-naked and flirting with me. I stepped towards her and she turned to face me.
"Well," I said, and I took another step, intruding on her personal space. There was a mixture of fear and anticipation in her eyes. "The English kiss is fine, in its place," I continued, "But it can often be far too brief."
I leant forwards, holding Victoria's eyes with my own as my lips closed towards her. Her face began to flush but her eyes remained open as our lips touched. I let them remain in contact for only the briefest moment and as I broke away I saw her chest rising and falling as she took deep breaths. But she was still rooted to the spot rather than turning away in embarrassment so it didn't seem that I'd overstepped my boundaries yet. We'd see if that changed soon.
I dared not look at her husband for fear of breaking the spell, but it seemed safe to assume that he was more than happy with the sight of two semi-clad women exchanging a kiss in front of him.
"But there's the French..." I said, "Which I'm sure you know."
I leant towards Victoria again, and this time I put hands on her narrow waist to hold her steady and pull her closer.
Our lips touched and, as soon as they did, I opened my mouth a little and flicked at Victoria's lips with the tip of my tongue. She let out a small gasp and her eyes closed a little. I took the invitation and pushed my tongue a fraction into the opening, teasing and probing as I did so.
I continued this way for another few seconds before breaking off again. Victoria's eyes remained closed for a second as she took deep breaths. I couldn't help but smile. I paid no attention to His Lordship, sitting just a few feet away from us.
"And the Italians," I began, "The Italians just see the mouth as the starting point."
I touched my lips to hers again, and again there was a small gasp. I broke the kiss almost instantly and then planted another one, on her cheek, and then another lower down, and then a third on her neck. She let out a small whimper, but her head turned and lifted a little, encouraging me to go further, and I kissed her beautiful, smooth throat.
"And the Spanish," I said between kisses, "Often skip the mouth altogether."
I slid my arms further around Victoria's back and bent my head down to her chest. I placed a row of kisses along the fine bones of her shoulder and then, hoping that she was being carried away by the moment and wouldn't stop to think for a second, I slipped my hands up her back and found her bra strap.
My kisses moved down her chest, and the small whimpers became louder as my lips touched the soft, pale flesh of her breast. I pulled at the bra strap and felt it come free and, without pausing in my kisses, I slipped her bra from her arms. She didn't stop me as it fell towards the floor.
I continued kissing, ever lower, ever closer to the small, round, pink nipples that I had seen once already that day. Victoria's head fell backwards and I held her upright with my hands around her waist. Her breast rose towards me and I took the open invitation and closed my mouth around her nipple and gave it a gentle suck.
Her knees nearly gave way and I struggled to hold her upright, but I just about managed whilst the hard teat slipped from between my lips.
I lifted my head and Victoria struggled to open her eyes. She stared at me as if in a dream, her eyes wide and her pupils dilated. I wondered if she was even conscious of her husband watching us.
"Whereas the Germans," I said softly, just loud enough for His Lordship to hear me, "They rely on their hands as much as their mouths."
With that I slid my hands down Victoria's back and into her underwear. I sank my fingers into her buttocks and pulled her hips towards mine. Our breasts touched and I felt her nipples pressing hard into mine as I touched my lips to hers. I teased with my tongue, and this time she opened her mouth wide.
I brought to play all of my experience as we kissed, my tongue playing with her lips, and then meeting hers as I pulled her body into mine. The passion that I had sensed within her was now as close to the surface as I had ever seen and she began to writhe against me. I had kissed more than a few women in my time, but Victoria was easily the most attractive, and I knew that my nipples would also be hard and pressing against her soft skin.
I broke off the kiss again and slipped my hands out of her underwear to gently hold her waist. Her head rocked back and a low moan came out, a moan that signalled disappointment that I had stopped. I wondered if her husband had heard it also.
"Simplest of all are the Russians," I said, "Who always seem to want only the skinniest of women." I paused for a second as I ran my hands up and down Victoria's narrow waist. "There's nothing they love more than a flat stomach."
I sank slowly to my knees, and now Victoria opened her eyes to watch me. I was dangerously close to breaking the mood by going too fast, but the curiosity and desire in her eyes outweighed the tension in her body. I rocked forwards and, with my palms holding on her hips, I placed a kiss on Victoria's smooth, toned stomach.
She yelped quietly and her arms hung limp, unsure of what they should be doing. Her eyes closed and I gripped her tightly in case she lost her balance. I kissed again, and again, circling her belly button, and each time her stomach twitched away from me and a small, yelping pant escaped her mouth.
"But the thing..." I kissed beneath her belly button... "About the Russians..." A kiss on the top of her pelvis. "...is that..." And another. "... they are very direct." My lips touched her stomach just above her panty line, and, as her stomach recoiled again, I hooked my fingers into the elastic of her underwear. I pulled it down a fraction of an inch.
I kissed the newly revealed flesh and Victoria let out a louder yelp. I flicked at her pelvis with my tongue and the beginnings of a long moan grew from within her. With the distraction in place I continued pulling down and her underwear slipped easily to the floor.
I could see just how turned on she was and my lips and tongue continued to tease around her pelvis. But it was for me to finish what I'd started, however much fun it might have been to do so. I stood slowly, running my hands up Victoria's slender naked body as I did.
"You see," I said as Victoria regained control of herself, "The rest of the world has a lot to offer."
I took Victoria by the hand and turned her towards her husband. He was sitting hunched in the chair, the reason for which being obvious. I led his wife over, naked except for her high heels, and in response he stood and took the hand I presented to him.
"If you don't mind," I said, "It's been a long day and I think it's time for me to retire for the evening."
George nodded, not wanting to break the spell by misplaced words. I smiled and turned towards the door. As I glanced back he had his hands around Victoria's waist and had pulled her close towards him. I remembered what that felt like: to feel aroused, naked skin against the rough fabric of a man's dinner suit. It was delightful and, turned on as I was, I envied Victoria.
They engaged in a long, slow kiss, her naked body held tight against her husband. I felt, for sure, that even the most reserved man in the world couldn't mess things up from here.
I closed the door behind me and paused for a second to listen. I heard a buckle being unfastened and fabric rustling for much longer than it should. I nearly laughed out loud, but I just had no idea how I would ever manage to teach His Lordship how to maintain any kind of dignity whilst trying to get out of his trousers. But within a few seconds I heard a thump and a yelp and I guessed that perhaps a table or the chair had been called into play for support.
Then, first quietly, and then a little louder, there was the sound of the small, whimpering yelps that I had heard from Victoria's lips only a few minutes before. I resisted the temptation to stay and listen to the climax, and resisted even more trying to make a crack in the door to see what was happening. Instead, I took off my shoes and began to tiptoe up the stairs in my knickers, stockings and shoes.
Just in time, a moment of clarity returned to me and I picked up the two dresses and my bra that were lying in a crumpled heap on the floor. If the servants found those in the morning then they may wonder whether the aristocratic couple had a closer relationship with their "niece" than was healthy. Or maybe they just assumed that that was how the other half lived.
For my part, I hadn't enjoyed turning on a client that much for a long time. And, for the first time on a working night I, I wished I'd packed a vibrator in my travel bag. Getting this turned on and having no way to release the tension just wasn't healthy for a girl, and the high pitched yelps coming from the drawing room wasn't helping one bit.