Devil is in London, Angel in Kiev: they've been apart for weeks, and their frustration is boiling over. They've exchanged short, naughty videos, but it's never enough... late night exchanges have become their only outlet. Angel has never slept with a girl, but Devil wants to lead her astray from afar...
Angel: Just watched the video, and realized how much I love and miss watching you cum...
Angel: Is that a cock ring you're wearing? :) :)
Devil: You were supposed to wait until later!
Angel: It is later!
Devil: Yes, it's a ring - I thought it would be fun to edge and increase the sensation while I was teasing myself to distraction - you have no idea how hard it was to stop, but you made me promise
Angel: I can see it was hard for you ;)
Angel: I was watching it and didn't want you to stop
Devil: How did it make you feel?
Angel: It made me feel very horny, then I felt very special when you said you would wait to cum with me, then the more I watched it, the more I wanted you to cum because I love watching it and felt so sorry that you had to wait
Devil: I wonder if you can loop the video, that might be pretty intense...
Angel: Then I eventually started wondering how did you feel and what did you do after our first date
Devil: what did you imagine?
Angel: Was just wondering if you did cum after the date and how many times
Angel: :)
Devil: I did - I was in heaven after our date
Devil: I came when I got home, I'm not even sure I got my clothes off
Angel: :)
Devil: I think I sat in my chair and made myself cum all over myself
Devil: how are you feeling right now?
Angel: It was very emotional and I felt unexpectedly good and warm after the date, but you know my flat wasn't empty
Devil: I know... but mine was... I made good use of it
Devil: I certainly did the next day when I woke up :)
Devil: And I'm sitting here now with a tent in my jeans thinking about you lying in bed at this second in time, and hoping you're feeling what I'm feeling
Devil: I want to slowly lick you, right now
Devil: When you re-read Part 1 of the fantasy I sent you, picture my cock in the video and know that that's how turned on by you in the story...
Angel: I feel sick and very horny, that's a weird but nice combination
Devil: :)
Devil: I love it when you're very horny, hate it when you're sick, but the horny wins in my mind - I'm sorry to be selfish
Angel: Hmmm
Devil: I'd love a photo of your wet and glistening fingers
Angel: Oh I'd love you to force yourself into me right now and rape me in case I pass out
Angel: Because I'm so ill that I might
Angel: But I want you inside of me so much
Angel: It's insane what you're doing to me
Angel: And what's even more insane is that I let you do it, and I enjoy it
Devil: I am so horny - I need to be inside you, I need to feel you clutching at my cock with your pussy, I need to smell you
Devil: I need to see your goosebumps just before you cum
Devil: I need to see you cumming. You have no idea, it's driving me insane not to be able to see you while you're like this
Angel: I've been thinking about one thing you asked me to think about
Devil: ...
Angel: What I would like to do
Devil: ...
Devil: tell me you tease
Devil: please
Angel: I would like to explore our erogenous zones, so we can try them all and make our own body maps
Angel: We can start with mine because you asked me what I wanted to be done with me and I am selfish
Devil: That's a lovely idea
Angel: And then some day we could do yours if you wish
Devil: I love it
Devil: And yes, I want you to do mine too
Devil: That sounds amazing
Angel: I've been thinking about it since the moment in the kitchen after which my knees couldn't hold me
Devil: I'd like to explore everything, try everything with you
Devil: What made you think that specifically?
Angel: Because I felt a lot with neither you nor me touching me
Devil: Tell me more
Devil: I love this
Angel: I felt you deep inside and felt I could cum soon, and easily, and more intensely and deeply
Angel: But my damn knees gave up
Angel: So I think we should spend more time in exploring all the zones and points
Devil: I do too
Devil: I could have cum so easily, I was holding back but it was wonderful
Devil: I also want to know your deepest darkest fantasies
Devil: I can't wait to give you a taste when I send you Part 2
Angel: I need to explore those myself
Devil: Yes
Angel: And I know you enjoy it
Devil: I do, you have no idea how much
Devil: I promise I won't hold anything back from you
Devil: And I want the same commitment from you my darling
Angel: What do you mean by holding back?
Devil: None of my desires
Devil: Nothing that is secret
Devil: I want us to own each other
Devil: Sexually
Devil: I want to know you inside out
Devil: I want to know your deepest desires
Devil: I want us to explore them together
Angel: Which is why I feel strange at first when you ask me about something new, then you get me interested, and then I get to love the things that are happening
Devil: I love it too
Devil: You are my fantasy girl you know
Angel: What does that mean? :) :)
Angel: I've heard you say it before but I don't know what it is for you
Devil: I mean I've been holding parts of myself, my desires, back for so long and I can be open and honest and vulnerable with you and I can't imagine anyone I would rather do that with, because I know you want me to too, and I know you want to explore your sexuality with me and that's an incredible feeling and privilege
Devil: And my fantasy has been to find someone who shares that
Devil: Who gets turned on in the same way I do, who isn't afraid of it
Devil: Make sense?
Angel: It does indeed
Angel: Glad to know that I am special for you
Devil: You give me such intensity of feeling Angel
Devil: But right now I'm so turned on I can hardly think straight
Devil: I wish I could just be there with you, inside you and on you
Devil: I would like to give you a suggestion: over the next couple of weeks write some stories about your fantasies. Just explore them. If you don't want to share them with me that's ok (though I'd love you to), but it might be an amazing exercise
Devil: And when you've requested Part 2 I'll start thinking about parts 3 and 4 for after I've come to see you
Angel: I love the idea :) hope I have time to do it for you and me
Angel: But honestly, I enjoy your stories so much
Devil: You have around three weeks
Angel: I'm ready to read them all day long
Devil: Then I'll have to hold Part 2 back to tease you - it's extremely intense
Angel: It's not teasing, it's torturing
Angel: I need Part 2...
Angel: Pleeeease
Devil: Torture: put two fingers inside yourself right now, then tell me how you taste
Angel: I'm watching TV with people around me
Devil: Haha! You're sitting there wet and unable to do anything but squeeze your thighs together?
Angel: Yes
Angel: I'm sure you like the thought
Devil: :-)
Devil: I'd rather you were waiting for me in a club
Devil: With someone's breasts against your arm
Angel: I've done some club research by the way:) my favourite one is still the best)
Devil: :-)
Angel: God you would live me to kiss a woman
Angel: And touch
Angel: How far would you like to see me go? :)
Devil: I'd love you to do it just to turn me on
Devil: All the way. I'd love to watch you being licked while you look at me through heavy-lidded eyes as you cum
Angel: So you'd enjoy seeing a woman make me cum?
Devil: My meeting is here - damn xxxx
Angel: Hope your meeting was productive
Devil: Still in it. I cannot believe i was interrupted having the most erotic conversation of my life! Sleep well gorgeous
Angel: Thank you xx keep on developing the dream before you go to bed xxx
Devil: xx
Angel: Not really sleeping yet. I want to know the fantasy you started telling me about in full, just after we got interrupted by your meeting
Angel: Tell me when you have time
Devil: I am here, in bed :)
Devil: I am addicted to you.
Angel: Hope I'm not taking too much of your time ;)
Devil: I have nothing to do tomorrow morning, so I can stay with you as long as you want to stay awake
Angel: I can guess what you were doing :)
Devil: What do you think I was up to?
Angel: Thinking about me and touching yourself
Angel: Right? :)
Devil: Would you have liked that?
Devil: I was re-editing Part 2, trying to write you some instructions but not sure if you would follow them, and I didn't want you to not follow them
Devil: so I was thinking about you more intensely than you could know
Devil: but I wasn't touching myself...
Devil: But I am touching myself now, with you
Angel: Actually what you were actually doing sounds exciting and intriguing :) it's nice to know that I know when you're touching yourself so my mind is with you
Devil: Yes :)
Angel: Anyway, where is your full fantasy that got interrupted today?
Devil: Part of the fantasy fulfilment was the way that you were asking me what I was thinking, step by step... go back and read it again. The way you were doing it was so erotic...
Devil: I loved it
Devil: It felt like you were teasing my fantasy out of me
Angel: So we can start it from the beginning :)
Angel: Tell me where we are
Angel: Where we would be
Devil: In a dark nightclub, dancing, with people pressed around us
Devil: there is a girl, a beautiful girl, who keeps pressing against you... you can feel her breasts against your bare arm
Angel: Mmm
Angel: So we start dancing altogether? :)
Devil: I'm hard and you keep pressing your bum into me, gyrating against me
Devil: and she comes face to face with you
Angel: And what happens next?
Devil: she's looking into your eyes, but she knows I'm close in behind you, she can see that you are arching your back and siding up and down against my straining cock
Devil: pressing backwards
Devil: you know what you do next will turn me on so much
Angel: And what do I do?
Devil: She leans forward so her breasts are soft against yours, neither of you wearing a bra
Devil: What can you feel? how do you feel right now?
Angel: I am imagining how it could be
Angel: Almost feeling your cock behind and her breast in front
Devil: Touch yourself while we type... I want you to stay with me, I am so hard
Angel: I am
Devil: mmmmmmohh
Angel: I am wet
Devil: She slides her breasts back and forth against yours
Devil: You know that this is my fantasy so you reach up and stroke her neck, touch her lips with your fingers
Angel: Ahhh
Devil: knowing I am watching and feeling my hardness against your bum
Devil: you put your hands lightly on her hips
Angel: My finger is so deep inside of me now
Devil: ahh
Devil: and kiss her
Angel: I'm pressing it in and taking it out, pressing in and taking out
Devil: I am stroking myself, getting close, backing off
Devil: taste yourself
Devil: I want you to taste yourself because soon you will be tasting her
Angel: Tastes good and warm
Devil: I miss your taste so much
Devil: she presses closer, dancing against you
Angel: :)
Devil: pressing you between us both
Angel: I miss your touch down there where my fingers are playing now
Devil: I reach around your hip, dipping my hand to the bottom of your skirt at the front and lifting it. Only she can see what I am doing
Devil: She can feel my fingers brush her hip, and as I reach down to your mound the back of my hand presses against hers
Devil: She is pressing her pussy into my hand and that's pressing my fingers into your pussy
Devil: I stroke your wetness up and around your clit, while her tits mash into yours, you can feel her hard nipples against your hard nipples
Angel: Mmm
Angel: Ahh you make me so horny...
Devil: xxxxxx
Devil: you make me so horny it's almost unbearable
Devil: I'm so hard right now, so sensitive
Angel: I'm all wet and hot
Devil: for me
Angel: You made me like this
Devil: mmmmmmmm
Devil: so turned on
Angel: What happens next?
Devil: We are being jostled, so we find an escape route, to some carpeted stairs and quickly to a backstage room
Devil: it's lit with orange lighting, has a shelf at waist level
Devil: we can hear the boom boom of the music through the walls
Devil: the girl reaches out to you and you turn,
Angel: Ahhh I like it
Devil: you turn and so gently she takes your head in her hands and she kisses you
Devil: she licks your neck and your ears
Devil: kissing your throat
Devil: parting the top of your silk dress
Angel: Mmmm
Devil: what do you want her to do
Angel: I want to know what you'll do when we're there
Angel: I want to know your fantasy
Devil: I want you looking at me
Devil: (are you touching yourself while I tell the story? expose to you my fantasy?)
Angel: So you're standing behind her and watching us? I haven't stopped touching myself
Angel: No stopping...
Devil: mmmm
Devil: You're looking into my eyes. You reach out for my hand
Devil: and over her shoulder you kiss me hard
Devil: I am so hard, naked beneath my thin suit trousers
Angel: Oh yes
Angel: I feel so good now
Devil: My cock is pressing against her arse, she can feel it and she's rubbing against me, and you can feel her movement because her tits are rubbing against yours, as she strokes your neck and your lips
Devil: I look at you and I step back from her. You're the only one I want
Devil: but it's such a turn on
Devil: You look down at my straining cock as I step away, still holding your fingertips
Angel: Ahhh
Devil: Fuck I am so horny
Angel: My pussy smells so good
Devil: she can smell you
Angel: Ready for you
Devil: You watch me as I unzip my trousers and bring out my cock, hard, head wet with pre-cum, and I stroke myself transfixing your eyes
Devil: she kisses your collarbone, slides the shoulder of your dress off as I watch, stroking myself
Angel: It's so hot
Devil: her mouth finds your nipple, her hot mouth surrounds it, sucking on your tit
Devil: with her hand she pinches your other nipple as she sucks
Devil: you're looking at me in lust as I stroke
Devil: myself
Devil: harder
Angel: I can see it all
Devil: I'm watching your breathing get faster
Devil: as you find yourself getting turned on
Devil: more than you imagined you would
Devil: you want more
Devil: you blow me a kiss
Devil: as she continues to lick around your breast, concentrating on sweeping upwards along the side of your breast
Devil: and she moves her other hand downwards
Devil: slowly
Devil: across your belly
Angel: Ahhh
Devil: to the top of your mound
Angel: Feels so nice
Devil: slowly, tantalisingly moving lower
Devil: she moves her hand to the top of your thigh - missing your pussy deliberately, teasing you
Devil: you are looking at me deep into my eyes
Devil: you grasp your own breast in your hand, as she breathes her hot breath on your other
Devil: I. Am. Dripping. Right. Now
Devil: I have my cock in my hand, stroking faster up and down, up and down
Angel: I'm so close
Angel: But I want to hear more
Devil: Take some of your juice and spread it on your tits, and I'll tell you what I am seeing
Devil: She is half hiding you from me, but she wants me to see what she is doing
Devil: She is as turned on as you are, as I am
Angel: Ahhhhhhhhhh
Devil: She slips off her skirt, sluttily showing us both she's naked under it, and has been naked under it all evening
Devil: she arches her back, pushing her bottom out towards me so I can see her glistening wetness
Devil: it's leaving a shiny trail at the top of her thighs
Devil: god he must be so turned on
Devil: and you know that it's you that has done that to her
Devil: she's wet and dripping for you Angel
Angel: Yes
Devil: She teases the top of your thigh, stroking it, so sensitive right now
Devil: Stroke the top of your thigh, mirror what she is doing
Angel: Yes...
Devil: she lifts your skirt, strokes your stomach gently, tickling, moving down...
Devil: I can see your pussy
Devil: I can see how aroused you are
Angel: Oh I am
Devil: in here in this room with this half naked, wanton girl, kissing your chest, stroking one tit gently while you squeeze the other hard
Devil: pulling your nipple
Devil: her hand is now right at the top of your mound, fingertips teasingly reaching downwards
Devil: you can see me stroking, faster, faster
Angel: My nipples are so hard for you now
Devil: and for her
Devil: you glance away from me, looking down into her eyes
Devil: you say, "Please..."
Devil: She looks at me, asking me for permission.
Devil: Do you want me to give it?
Angel: How hard are you now
Devil: I am throbbing, dripping, I could cum any time I wanted
Devil: how wet are you?
Devil: how horny are you?
Angel: I want to know how you feel when watching us
Angel: Why you enjoy it...
Devil: I am filled with incredible lust
Devil: I'm so turned on
Devil: I know you are doing this because it is one of my fantasies
Devil: I know you are here, letting this girl feel you, because you know how much it turns me on
Devil: the knowledge that you are doing this for me is indescribably erotic
Angel: I am so close
Devil: it shows me how much you want to please me
Angel: Keep telling me, please
Devil: and yet it's also turning you on
Devil: even if that wasn't the intention
Devil: I look at you and I know that soon
Devil: you will want her to make you cum
Devil: not just because of my fantasy and your desire to make me happy
Devil: but also because you know you will cum hard and you want to cum and you want her to make you cum... because...
Devil: you also know that the mix of all these things will drive me over the edge
Devil: and I will cum with you
Angel: I want her to make me cum
Devil: As I watch you, as our eyes are connected - wide with desire and lust and sluttiness
Devil: she kneels
Devil: her arse brazenly stuck out towards me
Devil: and she leans forward and breathes in the scent of your cunt
Devil: you are so wet
Devil: so hot
Devil: I am so hard
Angel: Ahhh
Devil: stroking so hard
Devil: faster as I watch you, as I slide my eyes down from yours
Angel: Me too
Devil: I look at your hard nipples, red, swollen, sensitive
Devil: I look downwards at your exposed hips, your exposed thighs
Devil: and between them the beautiful girl
Devil: who is about to
Angel: I am so ready to cum
Devil: Say it
Angel: Make me cum please
Angel: Please
Angel: Let me cum
Devil: You put your hand on the back of her head
Devil: and you pull her towards your pussy
Devil: she moans
Devil: I am watching
Devil: stroking myself
Devil: I suddenly see that she has her hand between her own legs, pushing her fingers inside herself, bringing them out, pushing them in, bringing them out, they are soaked with her shiny juices
Devil: you are panting
Devil: you want it
Devil: you want her
Devil: she extends her tongue and licks ever so slowly upwards from your opening to your clit
Devil: she dives into you
Devil: you grasp her head and you beg her...
Devil: her hot mouth sucking you, tonguing you, harder
Devil: she puts her free hand on your thigh, pushes two fingers into you, fucking your pussy
Angel: Ahhh
Devil: harder harder
Devil: beg her
Devil: I want you to beg her
Devil: as I get ready behind her
Devil: to spray you both with my cum
Devil: beg
Angel: I am begging her
Angel: Please make me cum
Angel: Please
Angel: I feel so hot
Angel: I can't tell you how much
Devil: I'm about to cum
Angel: Me too
Angel: Can't speak
Devil: about to cum
Devil: on her back
Devil: on her face as she eats you
Devil: slutty
Devil: dirty
Devil: horny
Devil: she fucks you with her hand
Devil: and mouth and you
Devil: look at me and I give you permission
Devil: I say it out loud
Devil: Now, Angel, in the mouth of this girl, you can cum for me my darling, cum for me
Angel: I am
Devil: ahhhhhhhhhh
Angel: Now
Devil: hhhhh
Devil: I'm going to cum
Angel: Cum with me
Angel: Cum
Devil: I'm cumming
Devil: aaaaaaaaaa
Angel: Oh woooow
Angel: It felt soooo good
Devil: I can't think straight
Devil: that was soooo intense
Angel: I need new underwear and new bedsheets
Angel: All wet
Devil: I'm covered in juice
Devil: lots of it
Devil: breathing so fast
Angel: I miss it :)
Devil: heart pounding
Devil: I miss you
Angel: I miss being covered with it
Angel: All over my body
Angel: Miss your cuddle
Angel: And your heartbeat
Devil: I wish you could be here
Devil: I want to hold you next to me
Devil: that was incredibly intense
Devil: you are amazing
Angel: Oh that was :) you are
Angel: It's incredible
Angel: The way you did this turns me on so much
Angel: Damn your brilliant brain
Devil: I've never written any before
Devil: I think you should
Devil: maybe write some short fantasies for me, for us both
Devil: then you can lead me around your twisted mind :)
Devil: god that was amazing
Devil: we fit so beautifully together
Angel: Sometimes it's not desires, fantasy might go far further than you would do in the real life
Devil: I want to know your most secret desires, the real ones, not the ones to please me
Devil: they are there to allow you to do the things you might not be able to do, or even in any way want to do, in real life
Angel: I want to have the time to concentrate on realizing my desires
Angel: Yes you're playing with my mind and I'm loving it
Devil: :)
Angel: You have too much of control over my brain and body
Devil: I'll try not to take advantage of that
Devil: too much ;)
Angel: Oh thank you :)
Devil: Looking forward to going clubbing with you though ;)
Angel: Me too :)
Devil: It's not the thought of fulfilling the fantasy, it's the knowledge that when we are there we will both know what we are each thinking, and it will turn us both on to know it
Angel: My favourite club is still the best one so we'll go there :) :)
Devil: can't wait :-)
Devil: You'll have to find a short backless silk dress...
Devil: Glad that I didn't send you Part 2, really nice to have that saved for another time.