We are reboarding the bus. We were only by luck able to collect all the information we needed to complete the project. I am exhausted and fully plotting if I can get away with a nap on the way back.
Our clothes had time to dry in the sun. My panties weren't as quick as my dress though, unfortunately, so I have them stuffed in the small pocket of my bag.
I follow Johnathan onto the bus, confused as to why he passes by our original. Seats in the middle settling into one of the ones in the back. He sits in the aisle seat and I look at him quizzically. He looks up. At me innocently and motions for me to sit next to him. I look behind me to find the original occupants of the space but they have already settled into our open seats seemingly not thinking much of the swap.
'What is he thinking?' I hesitate for a moment before crossing over him and taking a seat next to the window. 'I guess at least I can rest against the wall and nap'.
"We should probably go over how to layout the information." He is rummaging through his bag and brings out the map.
'I'd rather sleep,' I think, sighing loudly. He is right though, figuring it out now will save us time later and the quicker we finish the project the quicker all interactions with him are over. He lays the map out across both of us.
"I was thinking we could set it up. The same way the trails are centering around the research lab." He points to the center of the map which is located above my knee. He drags his finger down the map following the trail which went up my thigh and across my mound.
I look at him accusatorily but he doesn't acknowledge me and continues what he is saying.
"We spent a lot of time in the greenhouse so we can use that as the focal," he twirls over the greenhouse applying pressure to my mound and pussy lips through the paper.
'No he's definitely doing this on purpose,' I think. 'Just ignore him, this isn't the greenhouse what's the worst he can do.'
"Hold on I'll circle it, might make things a bit clearer." He reaches under the map into the pocket of his jeans for a pen. At least that's what I think until his hand goes completely past his own thigh to mine. He grabs my thigh firmly and looks me in the eyes. He starts to bring his hand up my leg slowly." I know you got pretty wet in their hopefully that doesn't ruin your opinion of it."
I look around the bus panicked. Everyone is talking loudly focusing on their own projects. The bathroom is next to us so No one can see what is happening. I look at him pleading with my eyes.
"I know you were worried, but we both got what we needed in there right? I like to make sure we did a thorough job." His hands slip under my skirt finding my pussy lips. My body is tingling. I think of grabbing his hand to stop him but he leans in towards my ear." You learned things go a lot easier when you don't fight me right?"
He extends his middle finger to part my lips seeking my sex. "And looky here, you're already fucking wet." He slowly inserts his middle finger into me, grinning coyly. He begins to dip his finger in and out of me. He adds his index finger sliding in a bit deeper. He retracts his finger. I feel his thumb slide over my clit. He begins to rub his thumb back and forth over my clit hood coaxing the nub out.
His fingers dip back into me dragging out my juices. He uses the wetness to coat my clit sending shocks throughout my body. I brace against the seat letting my head rest against the back. He gently rubs me siding his fingers up and down my clit.
He shoves his digits deep inside of me, as far as he can get them at the position. I reach out to grab his thigh and bite my lip to stop myself from moaning. He pushed them into me hard and fast.
"What a Goddamn slut."
I feel his member growing near my hand on his thigh. I'm almost tempted to reach out for it.
My fingers extend out but he grabs my hand holding it down.
"Greedy bitch," he growls. "Don't worry, you'll be getting it very soon."
He continues to finger me against the seat and then suddenly stops, removing his fingers from me. I look at him trying to figure out what's about to happen. He pulls his arm back towards himself then slips it behind my back grabbing my right thigh. His left-hand slides under my left thigh and he lifts me, placing my body on top of his.
The look of panic returns to my face as I'm now up 6 inches higher than normal. He slides over, tilting both of our bodies toward the window so my face is pressed against it and my body is slightly lower. I look out onto the bus, luckily no one seems to be paying us any mind. His fingers reinsert into me.
I feel his hand under my thigh ruffling around. His hand then slides up my torso pulling me into his body. He starts drumming on my clit causing me to grind against his hand and pelvis. He readjusts under me and I feel his prick spring forward and flop back against my pussy.
He places his hands flat against my thighs and begins to slide me against his dick, coating it in my wetness.
I muffle a moan as his shaft rubs my clit. He puts his hand over his dick holding it against me. He continues the motion of my body over and over again working more and more fluid out of me.
"You ready to take this dick?" He pulls my body back hard against him, his dick lining up with my entrance.
"Wait..." I try to stop him. He shifts his legs and shoved half of his dick into me with one swift motion.
"Don't you dare scream, or else the whole bus is gonna know the type of little slut you are."
I muffle myself as best I can, only releasing a small hmph.
"Good girl." One of his hands returns to my breast and his other arm wraps around my waist like a ride lap belt. He begins to push the rest of his dick into me filling me. His dick felt overwhelming in my ass, but in my pussy, it felt snug. I feel the sensation run straight from my clit to my toes. I grab his arm for support as he begins pushing his dick in and out of me.
His hand travels further up my torso to my neck and chin till his fingers find my lips. His thumb caresses my bottom lip pulling it down and then releasing it.
"Open your mouth. You can't seem to muffle yourself."
I hesitate. 'Haven't I let him do enough to my body?'
He begins to speed up his thrusts coming in and out of me faster and faster. "I said, open your mouth. Don't make me say it again."
The feeling begins to grow inside of me and I know I can't resist screaming out soon. I reluctantly open my mouth and he slides his fingers into it. His fingers flatten against my tongue and he holds me down harder
His dick continues to assault my pussy hard and fast. I feel it go deeper with every thrust. I moan into his fingers. My body begins to respond and I start to bounce back on his dick.
I look back around the bus and notice the group diagonal from us has stopped focusing on their project and is looking directly at me. I can't tell how much of our bodies they can see from the angle against the window.
I can't say anything with his fingers in my mouth. I try to grab him to stop but he's too strong and doesn't let up with his pace. I look away and then back at the classmates who are watching me intently, large grins plastered on their faces. I turn my head to face Johnathan as much as I can but can barely turn my head.
I feel myself getting close to coming as his cock hits the walls of my pussy. I'm screaming on his fingers at this point, in ecstasy and fear because of those watching us.
I make eye contact with them again. I watch their eyes roam over our bodies. I can tell they can see everything that happens. They look at me intensely. I feel his dick begin to throb in me. I can't help the euphoria washing over my body and close my eyes. Johnathan is now hammering away at me with no regard. The feeling washes over me and I begin to climax on his dick. I hear him grown lowly behind me and for the second time the warm feeling of his cum inside of me. He continues to piston out of me but starts to slow his pace. I open my eyes as the last wave passes me. My gaze meets my classmates again, their faces appearing to have thoroughly enjoyed the show.
Johnathan removes his fingers from my mouth finally, his arms fall to his sides. I lift myself off of his dick. I feel the cum start to drip out of my pussy and a bit go down my leg.
I reach into my bag grabbing my still slightly damp underwear and slide it up my body.
"The guys over there were watching us!" I motion toward the seat.
"Damn. I wish I had known. Would have given them more of a show.