Cait and Milton sat across from each other in Cait's throne room. Milton had returned on Cait's request, to discuss her thoughts on Milton's comment.
"Milton," Cait said in a serious tone, "you're right. Even though people should be free to express themselves, they should also be free to restrain themselves. I mean, forcing people to be free... nobody should have the power to do that."
Milton smiled. "I see that you've grown a conscience. Perhaps, after contemplating my metaphor about being drunk all the time, you have considered the ramifications of your actions-"
Cait waved him away. "Yes, yes, that was a good metaphor, but this is me we're talking about. What made me REALLY reconsider my actions is realizing that forcing people to be free takes some of the suspense out of sex! Some of the taboo! You can't just have all this out in the open- that's no fun! Some people like being tied up, or following humiliating rules, or being locked up! It would be cruel of me to force them to just admit it and take the fun out of teasing it out of them... it would be like outlawing bondage!" Cait shuddered. "To think that I, the Kinky Crusader, defender of the scandalous and slutty, would ever stoop so low as to ruin a perfectly beautiful kink...!" She sniffed in remorse.
Milton sighed. "Er. That works. ANYWAY, so you're deactivating the nanobots?"
Cait scratched her head. "Alright, see, that's the second point I wanted to discuss. You know how you have a really ambitious R&D department with questionable morals?"
Milton nodded. "Yeah?"
"And you know how everyone in town has been acting less raunchy than usual nowadays?"
"Yes? I assumed that's because you started deactivating the nanobots."
Cait laughed nervously. "Um, the thing is, that wasn't me. I think the Shimmering League has taken control of my mind-altering nanobots."
Milton's eyes widened in shock. "Oh. Oh, no. Tell me this is another of your schemes, or a clever lie, or a ruse meant to make me betray the-"
Cait switched on her camera array. The once-dirty and littered streets were swept clean, and perfect houses surrounded by white picket fences could be seen around the neighborhood. Children playing with precious pooches, dads manning barbeques, moms meeting for a weekly book club...
Milton scratched his head. "Er. I mean, I get that this has morally horrifying implications, ESPECIALLY since I know for a FACT that half of these people are allergic to dogs. But I really expected this reveal to be a bit more horrifying."
Cait shook her head. "Well, uh... if you look closer..."
Milton squinted at one of the dads at the barbeque, who was blinking rapidly. "Is that... morse code? SOS!? And..." He looked at some children, doodling in the sand- all sad faces, no smiley faces.
Cait threw up her hands. "As unethical as I was, I at least gave people what they WANTED deep down. I used my machines as guideposts to guide people, albeit a bit forcefully, to their darkest desires. Your frickin' R&D scientists think that my nanobots are mind hacking psycho-drones that can turn the Virgin Isles into a utopia! If this keeps up, they'll end up overwriting everyone's original personalities- or, even worse, the people will RESIST the mind control, overloading their nervous systems and making their heads explode!"
Milton was silent. He knew that all Samson wanted was a peaceful world. But... he had gone too far.
Cait spoke. "Milton. I know that a lot of this is my fault. I get it if I'm going to be sent to jail for this. But first, please. Help me fix this. I can't do this alone."
Milton sighed. "Alright. First off, we need information. First off- why aren't we affected by the nanobots?"
Cait shrugged. "Uh, well... My nanobots tend to target people with dark, hidden desires. I programmed them to unearth primal desires, and Samson programmed them to bury them. But they still seek that one fundamental target- secret desires and fantasies. But the thing is, your fantasies are no longer secret, and my fantasies are out in the open for all to see. We're immune."
Milton nodded. "Okay. So, we need to find people whose desires are out in the open... who have accepted their darkest fantasies..."
Milton paused. "...well, how about people like me? People who fought you, but ended up giving in to your tricks? You tend to bring out some... ahem... embarrassing kinks whenever you fight a hero..."
Cait smiled. "That's it!" She snapped her fingers, and a port in the floor slid open. A cage rose out, and contained within it was Lady Virtue, wearing a dog collar and dog ears, naked and curled up in the cage.
Milton scratched his head. "Er. Cait. Is she, um, okay?"
Cait shrugged. "Oh, hush, it's consensual. Vicky, the cage is unlocked, you can come out! I want to have some fun with you!"
Vicky crawled out of her cage and looked up, gasping in shock as she saw Milton. "Ah, shit, Milton, I can explain-!"
Cait shook her head. "Ah, ah, ah. Good little doggies don't speak... bark."
Milton raised an eyebrow, seemingly unfazed but rather confused. "Um, I don't mind this, but uh, are you sure she-?"
Vicky panted. "Um... don't worry, Milton, this is... I get off on it... woof, woof...!"
Cait knelt down. "Admitting you're a naughty bitch in heat in front of Milton here, huh? You really are a slut... He's your boss, and yet you're humiliating yourself in front of him..." She slapped Vicky's butt firmly with her hand.
Vicky moaned. "Ah, woof, woof, please, please touch me, I'm sooooo horny..."
Milton scratched his head. "I mean, I can watch if that turns you on, but I'm gay, so this isn't really doing much for me..."
Cait laughed. "Oh, Milton, don't worry, you don't need to do anything. I just wanted to make sure my obedient little puppy here wasn't brainwashed yet..."
Milton looked at Vicky, still on the floor and panting at Cait's feet. "Pardon my doubting you, but she looks plenty brainwashed to me."
Vicky stood up suddenly. "Milton, I'm fine, I promise! We have a safeword and everything. I can be Lady Virtue whenever I want- it's just that around Cait, I like being simply... Vicky."
She snapped her fingers, and in a moment her curvy body was covered up by nanobots in the shape of her old hero uniform.
"Now what's this about brainwashing?"
...
Cait walked up to the center of Pearl Square, where the Invisible Hand was tied up in a very compromising position. Nobody was around- presumably because everyone was too pure to ogle a naked woman in the middle of the town square.
Cait disabled the barrier surrounding Mary, as well as her restraints.
Mary sighed quietly. "Hey, what's going on...? People stopped coming to see me... I mean, the vibrators and things were still fun, but it's not quite as fun if I'm not being looked at..."
Cait explained the situation to her. Mary's eyes widened.
"That... that's terrible...! I'm glad you had a change of heart, but also... goodness..."
Mary shook her head. "W-well, now's not the time for that. Listen, um... the others have gathered in my old house, formed a bit of a resistance group there. If you can rally them, we can be of help in taking down Samson."
Cait smiled. "This is gonna be easier than I thought."
...
Knocking on the door, Cait heard a familiar voice on the other end. "What's the password?"
Mary blushed. "Uhm, allow me." She took a deep breath and shouted, "I'm a perverted, exhibitionist slut who loves exposing herself in public!"
Mary covered her face as the ever-flamboyant Arrow Ace opened the door, scratching their head. "You know, I still have a few choice objections to this secret password. Besides the fact that it's extremely long and embarrassing to say, won't it quite handily reveal our location? And shouting it sort of defeats the point of it being secret, right...?"
Mary blushed. "W-well... I just... I like being forced to say it..."
Arrow sighed, shaking their head. "Whatever. Just come in. Welcome to our humble little resistance, K.C."
Walking inside, the Crusader saw how few people had managed to resist the influence of the nanobot swarm. There were the Gal Pals, chatting seriously in the corner; Kime, formerly known as Manly Metal Mike, the Macho Menace; a few particularly deviant and shameless civilians, all looking uncharacteristically nervous for people without any reservations about their secret desires; and even a fellow supervillain or two, previously defeated by the Shimmering League.
Cait shifted into her most recognizable form, the first one she had used when on live television. She walked up to the front of the living room and told everyone to quiet down.
Arrow introduced her. "Fellow Resistance members, though I'm the one who gathered all of you here, I am not fit to lead this rebellion. In my stead, I present to you, the most sexually deviant supervillain in all the Virgin Isles- the Kinky Crusader!"
Cait bowed. "Thank you, Arrow! And everyone, please, call me Cait. Now- let me explain why I am here today. I take it that all of you have seen the ostentatiously good behavior of all the other citizens in the city?"
The room nodded.
"Good. Now, I have to admit something- ashamedly, it is MY nanobot swarm that is causing this mess in the city. It was hacked by the Shimmering League in order to impose strict morals onto the populace."
One of the supervillains sighed in relief. "Phew! I thought that was MY nanobot swarm! Thank goodness I dodged the blame." He looked around and coughed. "Erm. I mean. How horrible!"
Cait laughed. "Look, we're both supervillains here, I won't blame you for enjoying citywide chaos. The issue is that this is, in some ways, the OPPOSITE of citywide chaos- people out there are in perfect sync, mindless machines serving not themselves, but a set of rules defined by none other than Shimmering Samson himself. To that end, we must stop him. However..."
Cait looked around the room. "I have some information that lately, some brainwashed superheroes have been staking out this hideout. I think we might have a mole."
The whole room gasped and looked around suspiciously at each other.
Cait raised up her hands. "Now, now, calm down! There is an easy way to fix this. The mole is brainwashed with nanobots, and will be unable to act on any dark, selfish desires. So, everyone in the room will come up here, name their deepest, kinkiest fantasy, and act it out for everyone. I've brought my friends, too, so don't even think about running away."
Lady Virtue burst into the room behind her, as if to prove a point.
Cait smiled. "Right on cue. Anyways, as an act of good faith, I will go first..."
Music began to play as Cait began to sway her hips and rub her body suggestively. "My very first memory is actually waking up alone in an alleyway, in this body. I was wearing a very suggestive outfit, and the only thing I had on me was a wallet with a few credit cards and things in it. For some reason, I had a LOT of money, but no idea why..."
She peeled off her top, the nanofabric dissipating slowly, revealing her perky busts, which she massaged slowly. "I don't even know if Cait is my name. I saw a business card on the ground with that name on it, and so... I assumed it was mine."
The audience was hypnotized as a pole materialized in the room, nanobots swarming to create a shining strip pole. Cait twirled and grinded against it suggestively. "I followed the business card to the business that I thought I worked for, but... it was gone. I asked around, and apparently the city had shut it down, for being too 'morally corrupting'. The raid was violent and swift, and apparently, quite a few sex workers had received blows to the head..."
Finally, Cait took off her panties, which shimmered and dissipated. "I didn't want to be a villain- just a stripper, a pervert who gets off on showing off and making people horny. But now... I'd love to perform for people all across the world...!"
She began to finger herself. Faster, and faster, and faster... until she finally came, squirting in front of a sizable audience, moaning and sighing as she did so.
The audience hooted and cheer. Cait took a bow, still completely naked, even blushing a bit.
"Now then... who's next?"