This is the story of Anamika, my current wife and then girl-friend and her entry into the movie industry.
The year is 2007 and the city is Mumbai, India. We had been dating for over 6 years and were childhood sweethearts. Anamika of today looks very different from the Anamika of 2007. Back then she was just a young 21 year old. She was extremely fit with toned abs and was top heavy with her 34C breasts and was about average height for an Indian girl. Her face was round and her cheeks were plump. Her bubbly personality shone through her eyes and in her captivating smile and she styled her hair in the popular fashion made famous by Rachel Green; bangs.
Anamika loved to dance and her dream was to become a bollywood actress. I was a little more conventional in my dreams and had joined one of India's best engineering colleges after a gruelling entrance examination. My college used to have one of Mumbai's best cultural festivals and every year Anamika used to be there as a part of her college contingent. Anamika's college had the hottest girls (she being one of them) and every one looked forward to them performing on stage.
Anamika and I were in our third year of college and Anamika was the lead dancer and choreographer of her college's dance troupe. This was her final year and she had not won this competition despite participating for two years and was a runner-up both years, she desperately wanted to win it this time. We were discussing what they could put up one afternoon and we thought that it should be a show that would really bring out the difference between our colleges.
We thought the best way would be to have the females try and seduce the men. Anamika struck on an even better idea that two females will fight for the man and the so-called 'Desi/Indian' girl will win over the guy. Anamika was to play the Indian girl, Terence was to be the guy and another girl Natasha was to be the western girl. Terence and Natasha were in a relationship in real life but in the performance Anamika would end up with Terence.
The entire performance consisted of four different scenes in four song clippings. The first song clipping was a western number between Natasha & Terence which got the crowd screaming and shouting. Natasha was in a LBD and her tall svelte figure won the hearts of the mostly boys crowd.
The second one was an Indian number between Anamika & Terence. In this song, Anamika was wearing loose trousers coupled with a pink sports bra under what can be best described as a pink beach cover-up. The cover-up didn't actually cover-up a whole lot as it was almost completely transparent and was held together by just a single button below her bra. It had a wide neck which then joined at the button and then again flared out below that so that Anamika's sports bra was apparent as was her naked belly.This bold dress was itself a crowd-pleaser and they whistled and hollered even before Anamika danced a single step. Terence was in a dhoti (an Indian men's sarong that looks like loose trousers) only. Both of them looked extremely good together on stage and Terence was a treat for the eyes for the girls in the audience as Anamika was for the boys.
The third one was a famous Indian number called 'Dance of Envy' starring Anamika & Natasha. In this segment, Anamika's cover-up was discarded and she did her famous belly dance while having just her sports bra on. Natasha had an evening gown with a slit on which displayed her sexy legs. The crowd were ready to bring down the house but they hadn't seen anything yet.
The last one was between Anamika & Terence where Terence professes his love for A. This was super steamy and Anamika was dressed up in a white backless blouse which had a v-neck with just 1 button in the front. She had paired that with a white mini-skirt which looked like a short dhoti which left her luscious legs and quite a lot of her thighs bare. She looked like 'Zeenat Aman' from 'Bhor Bhaye Panghat Pe' meets 'Priyanka Chopra' from 'Ram Chahe Leela'.
The song was a naughty holi number and had a lot of touchy-feely steps where Terence holds her facing the audience by her waist, does a full leg split so that his face was at her stomach level and kisses her stomach and then rubs her stomach with the red colour while Anamika has an aroused facial expression. He then turns her so that her back is to the audience and spanks her once while she looks back to the audience and rubs her entire back with green colour. The song ends with Anamika lying on the floor face up with her legs folded under her butt leading to a natural arched back. Her legs are towards the backstage and her face towards the audience and in this position, her cleavage was pretty apparent as her back was arched. Terence empties a barrel of water on her in the spirit of holi. He then does a handstand push up and on the way down sucks on her navel button for a couple of seconds, while on his hands he walks a couple of steps forward and again does a handstand pushup, this time planting a kiss each on the top of her cleavage of both of her breasts and then again walks a couple of steps forward and lays on top of her completely which pushes even more of her breasts outward and increases the view of her cleavage for the audience. He then kisses her square on the lips for a good fifteen seconds with Anamika's hands pulling him into herself by the back of head.
This was way back in 2007 and kissing in bollywood was not even common-place and the entire audience was stumped and a lot of the men had clearly visible hard-ons. After a few seconds of complete silence, the audience broke into a standing ovation with shouts of "Once more". The compere (a young VJ) came on stage and he was wide-eyed and congratulated the troupe on one of the hottest compositions that he has seen and gave a big hug to Anamika while getting a cheap thrill of crushing her breasts into him and introduced her like one of the WWE divas, holding her hand up and twirling her around. They went on to win the competition.
Post the awards ceremony, the three of them came back to my hostel room to celebrate and I brought up the end, where Terence kissed Anamika. Natasha said the same thing and asked why they made that change. Terence and Anamika both looked down and said that it was somewhat unplanned but felt right. Terence said that after the provocative dance he could not resist looking at Anamika's lips and the passion in her eyes and Anamika said that once Terence kissed her, it felt right and kissed him back. Natasha and I looked at each other completely flummoxed and said that we thought they might have made a last minute change but if it was unplanned and both of them felt right while kissing each other, what did it mean for our current relationships. Anamika said that she loved me and this was a caught in the moment type of thing and Terence said the same. All three, Terence, Natasha and Anamika were hoping to get into bollywood and Anamika and Terence reasoned that this was bound to happen in their future careers. I was still a little bit uncomfortable but eventually agreed after Anamika came up to me and kissed me. I knew then that I could do anything for this girl.
This kickstarted Anamika's career in the glam industry, she appeared in quite a few TVCs and also got to walk the ramp for a few fashion designers. It seemed that Anamika was on track to become the next big thing and I couldn't be happier for her. All through this we were going steady but to not let it impact Anamika's career, we hid our relationship.
1.5 years later, I had graduated college and had gotten a well-paying job. Anamika with her constant workouts and diet plans had gotten even more gorgeous. One evening, while discussing, we realised that she was stagnating as despite multiple auditions she was not able to crack movies. She was getting opportunities for TV sitcoms but she didn't want to take those up. During our discussions I told her that while the industry knows her, she is not very well known outside and hence has a limited fan following leading to her not being bankable. I told her despite her many TVCs and ramp walks, no one in my office or her parent's home-town knew her. She agreed and said that it makes sense and while we were discussing we came up with a plan which would surely get her noticed. In the next awards show, she would walk the red carpet in a dress which would definitely get her clicked and pasted across the Page 3 section of newspapers across the country. We joked that it's too sad that google invented image search after J Lo's dress else they would have to do it again for this one.
The next awards show was the filmfare awards. The trophy for the filmfare was a black lady. Anamika was going to dress up as the black lady for the show. She would be in a two piece dress made out of satin. The top would be a tiny blouse which would be loosely bound behind her back and would just cover her breasts and keep her shoulders bare. A thin string around her neck would hold the blouse up. The bottom would be a floor level wrap around sort of skirt with a thigh slit all the way up to her hips. Her entire belly and back would essentially be exposed. Her hair would be done up in a messy wet style.
As she got on the red carpet, the entire paparazzi crew got in line to click her and she got into the pose of the trophy so that they could make sense of the dress. In this pose her entire leg was exposed as was her belly and underarms and it showed her extreme sexiness. I was casually standing on the side while she shone in the limelight.
During the show, she bumped into one of bollywood's biggest superstar who joked that he hasn't been able to get his hand around the actual trophy, maybe he should just hold her to see how it looks. She said sure and snuggled upto him. He put his hand around her and lifted her up sideways so that her feet were about a foot off the ground. She took the pose of the trophy once more with both her hands above her head and her right leg bent from the knee. This displayed her entire right leg to the camera and quite a lot of the right side of her left leg as well since she was at an angle and the satin of the dress had bundled down to her left side of her left leg.The superstar had her lifted for an entire minute while the cameras kept on clicking. Anamika did not look to cover herself as the intent was to get some exposure but in her current position she was also showing her thong underwear and part of her bum was also on display. I just came up behind her to limit that exposure. However, quite a lot of the members of the audience that were behind me started taking pictures with their mobile phone cameras.
She was plastered on Page 3 the next day but they only put up her decent pictures since newspapers can't risk showing too much exposure but the digital world was plastered with her pictures showing her complete exposure. Her name's search trend grew exponentially over the subsequent few days on google.
Couple of weeks later was the IIFA awards show. The trophy for IIFA looks like two trees entwined with a hollow in the middle. For this award, Anamika's dress had a huge hollow cut out in the middle of her dress and one side of the dress had a large outward solar flare type pattern. The dress was golden in colour with a hook at the very top and then a cut out from the top till her navel. This would showcase the inner curves of her breasts to everyone and quite a bit of the shape of her bosom from a slight angle. She had applied an artificial henna tattoo around her navel in the same solar flare type pattern as the trophy. It was closed from below the navel to five inches above her knees and her entire legs would be on display as well.
Since the IIFA awards were not in India, Anamika had gone alone and I was at home. While typically a person like Anamika wouldn't get to be seated amongst the stars, seeing her dress, the host of the awards show pulled her next to the stars whom he talked with during the awards show. This got Anamika the exposure that she otherwise would not have had on national TV and the national TV viewers the exposure of Anamika that they would have otherwise not got. In one of the interviews that the host had with a female bollywood superstar, Anamika is in the background just looking straight ahead but her breasts are very clearly on display. This pole-vaulted (pun intended) her onto national news a second time. This time there were quite a few video clips of her uploaded as well since she was in this state for pretty much the entire 3 hour awards show.
Anamika got a call from a casting director a couple of weeks later. She went to the casting director's office in a dress which she looked really pretty in and which highlighted her ample breasts and if she bent just the right way she could give the director a pretty good view of them. The casting director told her what the role was; it was a small but pivotal part in an upcoming movie. Anamika was to do an item dance for the anti-hero and afterwards the anti-hero would force himself on her and the hero would come and save her which would be the start of the climax. Usually, this would be the part of the lead actress so it was quite an important role in the context of Indian cinema.
The casting director explained that it will entail some skin show and some forced intimate scenes as well. Anamika being the charmer bent a little bit with folded hands and told the casting director that she was leaving her career in his hands. In doing so, Anamika was aware that she was giving the casting director a very good view of her boobs and the casting director realised that Anamika was a go-getter and right for this role. The casting director told her that he understands that Anamika wants it and informed her that it would involve a lot more as this was a movie going in for the 'A' rating. Anamika told him that it shouldn't be a problem.
The casting director informed her that he had seen her dance and doesn't foresee any challenges with her not being able to meet the choreographer's audition. He however said that he did foresee some challenges in her being able to do the scenes where the anti-hero forces himself on her. He showed her some scenes that the director would seek inspiration from but told her that it would be a lot more than that as the times had changed and this movie was going to be for adults. He told her that this will make her exposure at the IIFA awards seem tame. Anamika was ready for it and told him that if she wasn't ready for more she wouldn't have pulled the stunts at the two awards ceremony. The casting director okayed her and told her that he will recommend her but the director may want to take a subsequent audition. The director said that he was fine if the choreographer was fine and the choreographer after a quick audition okayed Anamika.
The setting of the song was that Anamika's character was called in to perform for the anti-hero's gang as a celebration. Anamika was to be in a north Indian Anarkali Salwar Suit (a long frock-style top with a tight fitted bottom) and perform a traditional Indian dance. Typically, these dances were performed for the Kings of the old ages and the dancers would aim to seduce them so that they get the benefits of the king's largesse. The aim of this scene was something similar where Anamika was to dance for the anti-hero. The Anarkali that Anamika was to wear was black, backless with transparent sleeves and transparent below her boobs as well. The neckline was a sweet-heart neck which would show her delicious décolletage if she bent down.
On the set were a lot of men and almost all had a scrungy evil look about them. Anamika was to be the only dancer for them. So, when Anamika reached the set on the day of the shooting she was a little bit surprised by the number of extras around as during practice there were just 4-5 people and the practice was mostly focused on her, the anti-hero and a couple of extras. The choreographer and director briefed her and told her to not worry as these are all regular extras and not people picked up from the streets, which is what they looked like.
In the first paragraph of the song, Anamika danced solo on a stage and showed her awesome dancing prowess. There were quite a few sensual movements where she felt herself up and a shot focused on her bare back as well. Near the end of the first paragraph, she is twirling and her dress billows up and the camera moves to the PoV of the audience and shows her naked belly, the camera then moves to the top looking down and shows her wonderful cleavage as she collapses on the stage and the camera again moves to the PoV of the audience to show a downblouse shot.
Anamika then gets up and steps off the stage to dance with the audience. In one of the shots, Anamika was to bend down in front of the anti-hero and swing from left to right from her lower back which would give the anti-hero an amazing view of her cleavage and by extension the camera as well as the shot was to be from the anti-hero's PoV.
In, yet another shot, that was to be taken from the side, she was to dance between two of his gang members, giving one of the gang members a short rub down with her boobs from his stomach to as high as she could get on his chest. As she reached the top of his chest, the gang member would lower his mouth for a kiss and she would turn, leading to him kissing her cheek and she would turn around and then repeat the same to the other gang member who would kiss her other cheek. Both the gang members were to kiss and suck in her plump cheeks. While, she would be giving one of them a rub-down the other one would be pinching her bare back. And as she would move away from them, the shot was to move to the back and while she would move away from both of them they would be rubbing her bare back.
The last shot was for Anamika to sit on the anti-hero's lap and his hands would grope and pinch her belly over her dress while he hugged her from the back with a couple of zooms on Anamika's face showing that she is enjoying his cheap thrills. He would plant wet kisses on her back and bend her forward again while licking her back and giving the camera a beautiful view of her cleavage. The song would end with the anti-hero moving his hands from her belly up to her boobs and pulling her up from the bent position by holding her boobs, leading to her massive cleavage spilling over the top of her anarkali. Her back is then up against him as he licks the nape of her neck and then bites into her shoulder before he again starts to rub his cheek on her back with a dreamy look on his face and the camera zooms out.
Anamika was happy with the song shoot as it was just as decided with Anamika getting to display her dancing prowess and also her sexiness.
After the dance, she was to change into a saree and just hang around in the party for dinner and socialize with the guests. The Saree and blouse that she had to wear were again black in colour. The saree was transparent and the blouse was sleeveless and had a noodle strap with a daring v-neck in the front that wrapped around her breasts and tied around her neck with a shoelace knot. The material in front of her blouse made it look almost like a bikini and not a conservative one at that. Her saree was also worn low at the waist and showed almost 3 inches of skin below her navel. She had two dialogues in that scene and afterwards as she goes to leave, the anti-hero is to force himself on her.
This was picturised by the anti-hero, removing the pallu (upper-part) of her saree while in a standing position and exposing her bare tummy and overly large breasts which were barely contained in her blouse. She was to move to cover herself with her hands crossed at which point a lackey of the villain was to step in behind her and remove her hands from the front and hold them tightly behind her while tying them up. In this struggle, some of her underboob would also be visible and the lackey while removing her hand from her chest would grab a quick feel of her boobs.
The villain would then grab hold of her by her stomach and smash his head into her large cleavage and lap around with his tongue and kiss all over her breasts. He would then turn her around and untie the knot of her blouse around her neck and it would fall down to her stomach hanging by a single thread in the back and since the shot was from the back but at a slight angle, Anamika's side boobs would be visible to the camera and a lot of the lackeys would get a full frontal view and were supposed to mock collapse from the shock. He would then turn her towards himself from the opposite side of the camera and bear hug her while running his tongue all over her face from her neck to the top of cheeks and then end by running them over her lips and biting down on them. Again, quite a lot of Anamika's side boobs would be visible as the camera angle moves to the side with both of them in the center of the frame.
He would then pick up Anamika from below her butt and hold her like a sack of potatoes on his shoulders. Here, the shot would be taken from the anti-hero's back which would expose for a split second, as he would lift Anamika up, her bare breasts and would then expose her complete bare back as she would be bent down from the waist over the anti-hero's shoulder. Anamika would be struggling and kicking and so there were some shots with her side boobs being visible and the anti-hero while trying to restrain her would be groping her ass..He would then take her to another room and lay her down on the bed while she covers herself up with her hands. The hero was to enter at that point and the shot would move to the hero and the anti-hero fighting while Anamika escapes.
While shooting the last scene, the hero entered. He was the same superstar who had held her in the awards show. He talked to the director and got Anamika another scene where the hero would use Anamika to attack the anti-hero and it would be a funny fight with Anamika as the prop. Only issue was that they would need to shoot it another day since the scene had to be thrashed out.
Couple of days later, they regrouped and the director told Anamika that the end of her scene with the anti-hero would be reworked and explained the additional scene with the superstar.
After the anti-hero lays Anamika on the bed and she covers herself with her hands,the anti-hero then gets on top of her while moving her hands over her head and would kiss and bite the upper fleshy part of her breasts while roughly kneading them and rubbing his face in them. He would lay completely on top of Anamika and kiss her on the lips. This would again show Anamika's side boobs as they get crushed under the weight of the anti-hero.
The hero then enters and in a single swoop pulls the anti hero back and covers up Anamika with her own blouse which was around her belly. This exposed Anamika a lot more than the earlier scenes as not done right, her full breasts were visible to the camera. In the next scene, the hero picks Anamika up and twirls her so that her back is facing him and him tying the blouse on her back and turning her to drape her pallu and get her facing him. She is supposed to have a look of gratitude and at the same time the hero kicks someone behind her in the shins and that lackey trips onto Anamika and she is shown dropping forward and the hero breaks her fall with his hand on her bare belly while the lackey falls down by rolling off of Anamika while grabbing hold of her pallu. This shows her extremely sexy bare back.
The hero not aware that the lackey had grabbed hold of her pallu pulls Anamika up and her bare belly is again shown, the hero spins Anamika so that her saree slips out of the lackey's hands and Anamika drapes it on her upper body and ends with her back towards the hero while his hand is still on her belly. He kicks her left foot from behind which turns into a groin kick to the anti-hero. This would get Anamika to bend backwards from the knee as all the weight would be on her right foot and the hero was seen as supporting her with her back on his folded leg. He is then shown pushing her upwards using his leg as the anti hero is again approaching and she is shown comically getting upright but fumbling and starting to fall on the opposite side as the hero moves forward to punch the hero with his right hand while supporting Anamika again by breaking her fall with his left hand as Anamika gets into the same position as earlier with her knees bent only on the opposite side and while she got flipped her pallu is again shown falling off. The shot was from above and this barred her luscious belly once again where the camera zoomed in to her cleavage and her belly button and the hero's face with each punch.
After this, he helps Anamika stand-up and she hugs him with her tied hands around the hero's head. The hero again holds her from on the sides of her waist and lifts her as she delivers the final backward kick to the anti-hero which lands him into a dust-bin but both Anamika and the hero fall down with Anamika landing on top of the hero with his face between her cleavage. Anamika is shown trying to get up but is shown collapsing again as her hands are still tied and again crushing the hero's face with her cleavage and that's when the heroine of the movie comes in and the hero pushes her aside and the scene cuts to a song and dance sequence between the hero and the heroine.
After the shoot, Anamika came to my house and informed me of what happened. I was stunned and Anamika told me that she has her doubts as well but if this doesn't get her recognised nothing will. Hearing her describe the scene had gotten me hard and she was turned on since morning, so we went to bed and made love a couple of times, once with me on top and I pound into her while sucking the boobs that had been mauled by one and touched by another man today. The second time with her on top and she rode me out to her will. After both of us cleaned up and got into bed to sleep, she told me that if after this she doesn't get some more meatier roles, she will quit bollywood and I told her that if after this she does get more meatier roles, I will quit my current job to try and start my own business.
The next day, Anamika was sent the daily rushes of the shoot of the days that she was part of. Rushes are the unedited footage from the filming. Anamika asked if I wanted to see it, knowing very well what my answer was. She could feel me getting hard just on the prospect of seeing the footage of the scenes that I had heard. She told me that I was a naughty boy and put on the DVD and sat beside me.
At the start of the song, I was fine and commented that she looked very hot and told her that she won't need to quit bollywood. I resisted touching myself when the shot with Anamika swaying in front of the anti-hero came on as it showed her enormous lovely boobs and one of the camera angles was completely zoomed on her boobs. As the shoot progressed and they came to the part where she was between the two lackeys and was giving them a rub-down, I could not hold it anymore and started touching myself. She looked at me bewildered and I told her that the kiss was a phenomenal touch. We actually saw the raw footage where they had tried 4 different kisses on Anamika and one was even on her lips from both the side-dancers.
When we got to the scene where the anti-hero removes her saree and laps around in her cleavage, she started touching me and told me that this looks way hotter on reel then what it was while shooting in real life. We paused the viewing there as she started to blow me. Now, she was a very sexy girl and had a wonderful personality but the thing she did even better was giving a blow job. She played with the tip of the head of my cock till it started leaking pre-cum. She drank the pre-cum and then took my entire cock in her mouth while lapping it around with her tongue. She did this for a couple of minutes and I was ready to cum and she knew it. She held me completely in place while she deep-throated me as I came straight into the back of her mouth and into her stomach. She liked me keeping my pubic hair shaved precisely so that she could do this and it paid off handsomely to me.
After my first orgasm, we re-started the video and the scenes continued to get hotter.
When we got to the part where Anamika was getting mauled by the anti-hero, I couldn't believe it as she was moving around the set in front of 20 odd people with just pasties on her naked boobs and the anti-hero really went to town on her boobs and and I couldn't resist doing the same. Anamika paused the video as I started sucking on her lovely boobs, luckily without the pasties. Anamika always loved attention to her boobs and I brought her to her first orgasm by sucking, biting and pulling her nipples. In the end, we were able to finish the 3 hour footage (15 minutes through multiple camera angles and re-takes) after almost 6 hours since we had to pause four times to relieve ourselves.
We watched the favorite parts of this video the next day as well and couldn't keep our hands off each other while doing so. She gets particularly turned on by the part where she falls onto the hero and smashes his face with her boobs as she told me that she could feel him getting turned on and they shot that scene 4-5 times and once the hero had taken her right boob into his mouth, another time, he had lapped around just like the anti-hero between her boobs. She told me that she should have been offended but she liked that she could turn on the heart-throb of millions.
This was how Anamika entered the world of movies.