In a company owned by a fortune 500 multinational corporation, meeting has been called for regional managers and department leads. Participants are mostly men, but there are 3 women. Participants take seats at the meeting room desk.
Amy - "In this meeting we will discuss major upcoming changes within this company. Management finally has decided to prohibit male employees from wearing clothes in the office."
Brian - "We will have to be completely naked at work?"
David - "Finally! Took them a while to figure out that we don't want to wear clothes"
Amy - "Remember it is not just an option to be naked, but actually enforced for men to be naked."
David - "I think that all men will go to work naked regardless if it is required or just optional. This being enforced makes this situation only more arousing."
Brian - "Has the management given an official reason for this rule?"
Amy - "They are not hiding the real reason and openly admit that this is done for sexual reasons. Goal is to force all men exposed, sexually humiliated and considered as sex objects."
Brian - "It is about time that men are started to get treated like perverts and sex objects."
All men mumbled approvingly and bobbed their heads in agreement.
David - "Does this mean we can finally strip now?"
Amy - "Feel free to strip now for this meeting. But company wide rules will go in affect at a later date."
All men quickly stood up and started to disrobe. Some immediately dropped their pants, so that their dicks can be exposed quickly. David looked at the meeting room's window imagining throwing his suit out to the street several floors down. But disappointingly he will need to put his clothes back on after the meeting.
Men jumbled up and forcefully threw their clothes in a corner across the room. Now there was a pile of all their clothes in the corner. They had huge grins on their faces. Finally naked and showing off their dicks and asses to their coworkers. They had either clean shaven or manscaped crotches Those who already had a boner looked at their dicks with pride for how quickly they got aroused. But other men were quickly getting more erect by the moment. Everyone inspected each other's dicks and touched the shafts or played with balls of those standing closest to them.
Amy - "I can see how much you are enjoying this. I am glad that management has finally recognized the male perverted nature. Now please sit down so that we can continue."
Men took their seats. Some still were playing with their fully erect cocks.
Amy - "We need to discuss how to enhance the experience. To make this more humiliating and arousing for everyone involved. How to better enforce the new male sex object status. I am here to listen to your ideas."
David - "We could make it so that men can freely be called 'perverts'"
Brian - "I think everyone, men and women alike, must be allowed to touch us however they want. Check out our biceps, play with our nipples, poker or slap our asses or even stroke our dicks."
Amy - "Very lewd suggestions. Yes, it could be allowed to touch men however someone wants. But as long as it does not interfere with your work. It will be noted that men came up with these ideas themselves."
Justin - "Something has to be done for more exposure. Perhaps requiring all men to provide naked pictures and videos of themselves. Could be even videos of them masturbating or having sex"
David - "Yeah I think all privacy for men must be removed. Any sexy photo or video must be shared. And anyone can film us or take photos at any time."
Justin - "It would be great if we are required to answer to any sexual questions. When we had sex the last time, what we like in bed, what are our kinks or do we find some specific coworker sexy."
Brian - "We should send out a questionnaire to all male employees about their sexual history and preferences. Then we can publish the answers. And we also should include question for what they like best about their enforced nudity. I for example like that everyone can see my dick when it is either soft or erect."
David - "There also needs to be something that enforces male sexual nature. How about mandatory masturbation or sex with coworkers"
Amy - "That sounds good, part of this is the entertainment of watching you guys. I would enjoy seeing you having sex with each other. You think all men would like to have gay sex?"
David - "Does not really matter what kind of sex. We are perverts. If it is sex and we can reach orgasm, we will do it. And if our job contract states that we must have sex with our male coworkers, then we must fuck."
Amy - "This would also mean that women can use you for sex. This will be a great way to spend my lunch break or wind down after a long meeting."
Justin - "Are there any rules regarding life outside the office?"
Amy - "There isn't anything in the current proposal, but again, I am open to suggestions."
Brian - "Underwear should be prohibited. When we are on the streets, we must not wear underwear. And choose tight, bulging pants."
David - "if we are to be naked in office, there is no need to wear suits while en route to work. t-shirt or sleeveless shirt with tight pants would be great for this"
Justin - "Or sweat pants. Those can really show how much your dick swings. Ha ha"
David - "I think it would be better if men are required to masturbate during these meetings. That way we will become more horny and come up with more perverted rules. Hopefully we will later regret our rash decisions and will be utterly hamulated."
Amy - "Yes, that would be perfect. Guys, stroke your dicks during the whole meeting without stopping."
Brian - "We must continue even if we cum?"
Amy - "Exactly"
Brian - "Fuck yes"
Brian started to furiously masturbate his already fully erect dick.
Other men also started masturbating. Some men slowly slid their hand from base to the tip of their shaft. Others masturbated furiously before slowing down with precum dripping on the floor. Some started fingering their asses. Most men started to moan and grunt, but tried to keep quiet to continue the meeting.
Justin - "Fuck yes, fuck yes. I am a filthy rotten perv who deserves to be naked. All men are perverts. I want to cum in front of everyone. I want everyone to see me and know how much I love it when they can see me naked. They can see me masturbating. Degrading my reputation. I want everyone to see me as a masturbation addicted whore, not as a human being"
David - "Couldn't agree more. All men must be seen as chronic gooners and sex addicts. Men must not be allowed to even own any clothes. Men must not be given a chance to cover up their dicks or asses." He tried to speak in between his moans.
Amy - "Unfortunately men are not yet allowed to be naked in public."
David - "I don't care. Take away my clothes. I don't want them in my home. I want to be forced to be naked. Unable to cover up myself even if I wanted to."
Brian - "Yes! Confiscate all male clothes. I also want to be forced naked. I want to see dicks of other men and their sweet asses." He cleaned off precum from the tip of his dick and licked his fingers.
Justin - "Then for now only allow us to wear a tight t-shirt and small speedos. No wait, there is nothing stating than men must wear shirts in public. Just give us small speedos."
David - "No, something like a tight leather jockstrap will be better. Our asses exposed, clearly visible dick line. I would always be erect in public wearing just that."
Amy - "Hmm. You could be right about the shirts. And I don't think anyone would mind as our sources say that many companies are implementing similar degrading rules."
All men moaned in agreement
Justin - "On company's webpage. Put all our naked images. Everyone then could see our dicks there when they want to know more about our company."
Amy - "A list of all male employees with naked pictures? That would give us great publicity. And you would agree on having your naked pictures and private information there?"
David - "Of course. Actually, we demand that! And let it be known that it was our idea. Write there that I enjoy having dildos showed up my ass"
Brian - "And I like to pump my cock."
Justin - "I love how male image and my reputation is degraded. Exposing us as nothing more than sex addicted perverts"
It was starting to get harder to speak between the moans and waves of pleasure they were feeling.
Amy - "Very good. It will be noted that most if not all sexually humiliated and degrading rules were proposed and even demanded by men."
David - "And that we want it to be enforced on us, not just be optional. We deserve to have these rules enforced on us."
Amy - "That will surely be noted where possible. I am afraid that this is all the time we had for this meeting. I have already schedules next meeting the following week. Unfortunately you must get dressed now. You still must follow current office dress code."
David - "Fucking hate that. I am not putting my underwear back. Or shirt."
Brian - "Yeah. Me too. Fuck, I am so close. I want to cum all over my jacket."
Justin - "Brian, just throw out all the underwear and shirts from that pile"
Brian still stroking his cock and dripping precum kneeled down and with one hand started to sort out the clothing pile. William and Anthony came to help him sort out their clothes. Underwear, vests shirts were thrown on the trash bin, but on occasion musky underpants were sniffed by someone. Jackets and pants were thrown on the meeting room desk. Men while waiting for clothes to be sorted wiped precum of their dicks. Men were trying their best not to cum already so that they can cum all over their clothes.
When all of the clothes have been sorted, each man grabbed a random peace of clothing and put them in front of them. They have been masturbating and discussing their imminent perverted fate for a while and they were very horny. So it took less that a minute for them to start orgasming. One after another their jackets and pants were marked with cum in huge, long splatters. Cum stains on their jackets and pants showed how perverted and exhibitionist men are.
All men were breathing heavy, but had huge smiles on their faces when looking at each other and wiping off last drops of cum from their still erect dicks.
Now that they had more time, men found which jacket and pants were theirs and put on their cum soaked clothes. With pride they exited the meeting room and went to their offices, hoping that all of their coworkers will see them in this state. Clothes covered in fresh cum, wearing nothing under their suits, without underwear their dicks freely swinging or tenting in their pants.