Petra Doubles Down
Professor Edwards started his lecture while his friend, Mr. Dennison, stood off to the side of the room watching.
"Last week we analyzed the Art Nouveau style popular at the start of the Twentieth century. I have some new slides to review it today."
A collective yawn came from the back of Edwards' 9:00 AM Fine Arts class. Most of the jocks had settled in for an hour's nap before heading off to the gym. However, one student in the front row, Petra Stanwick, snapped to attention wondering if these were the slides for which she had posed Friday evening. If so, would he show any embarrassing shots? After all, she had let her control slip, ending up nude and masturbating for the camera.
"This is what the style looked like on a woman of the day," Edwards stated, projecting one of Petra, masked and wearing that filmy, flowing green gown. She looked beautiful and curvaceous.
"You see the sensuous curves of nature here, and the colours too. The gauzy fabrics were characteristic as well. Lovely, isn't she?"
The guys in the back rows were looking intently at the screen now, checking the woman in the slide. In period costume and a mask no-one could identify her- except Petra, of course. Her heart pounded, and she felt flushed. Would there be more of them?
"Let's look closely at her broach," the professor stated, projecting an extreme closeup of the elaborate decorative pin resting on the model's full breast. A taut nipple pressed up against the silky fabric of the gown. The back rows of the lecture hall were on high alert now.
"You can see the curling stems of plants in its design, and inlays of coloured glass carefully cut by a skilled craftsperson. Art Nouveau is a very distinctive style, and here's what it looked like in other decorative arts of the time."
Next, he showed images of stylish Art Nouveau objects: metal and coloured glass Tiffany lamps, and artistic porcelains from vintage European workshops like Moorcroft and Lalique. After a few of these, interest flagged again. Then came more images of Petra, the Art Nouveau model. The first one highlighted her hand-crafted earrings, but the second showed the mystery woman from behind, her head turned, with a sultry look at the viewers.
Petra was worried, especially after the professor's next image showed her legs from shoes to thigh, well above her stocking tops. The tabs and hooks of her garter belt were visible, and her hand rested high on her bare skin. A little gasp came from the girls in the front rows.
"This is the last slide today. Note the fine curvature of the model's legs. Of course, they echo the sinuous shapes of Art Nouveau. If there's anything about this artistic style that some of you will remember, this slide captures it, right?"
For once, laughter came from the back of the classroom. Professor Edwards smiled- his new approach was an unqualified success! And while Petra recognized herself in the slides, no-one realized it was her. Nor was there any reason for embarrassment because her prof had been discreet in his selections.
While the class filed out all abuzz, Petra made a point of staying back to speak with William and his friend. Since her performance with them last weekend, she felt an intimate connection. After all, they'd seen her masturbating and she'd blown Mr. Dennison, on film! Today's successful lecture was a collective triumph of Ronald's idea, William's photography and Petra's modelling skills.
"That went well, old man!" Ronald exclaimed, slapping the professor's back. "And Petra, you looked fantastic!"
"Yes, she did!" William returned. "Are you ready to do another shoot this Friday evening, Petra? That was such a hit that I'd like to move on to art in the Forties and Fifties. Interested? Ronald, would you be able to get costumes and accessories from the Theatre Department again?... Great!... What do you say, Petra?"
"Friday.... Hmm.... I might have a girlfriend coming in from another college for the weekend. I should know in a few days."
"She's welcome to come with you, Petra. Might even be willing to help you with makeup and costume changes?" William suggested.
"Maybe she'll pose, if that's alright?" Petra suggested. "Emmeline's been in different productions and might enjoy it as much as I did. I'll ask her, OK?"
"Is she about your size for the clothing?" Dennison asked, and when Petra confirmed it, they agreed that inquiries would be made, and plans settled by mid-week.
"Before you go Petra, I have something for you," and her professor reached into his pocket for a jump drive. "They're your photos too. All of them."
"Thank you. And no-one else?" she entreated.
"Well, just the three of us. Nobody else. We'll keep it our own little secret. Agreed, Ronald?"
"Absolutely, William. But a big secret," he grinned at Petra knowingly, and she smiled back up at him.
****
Petra stared at the computer screen on the floor in front of her. She was kneeling and spread wide, focused on two things at once: a full screen image of Mr. Dennison's fat cock in her mouth, and her fingers toying her aroused body. She had rushed home from class and tossed aside her clothes as fast as she could. Now she felt her heat rising quickly as she viewed the wild photo session.
"There! That one!" she mumbled, peering at an image of Ronald coming on her lips and projecting tongue. Eyes closed tight, hand wrapped around his big shaft, she was taking his spewing seed into her eager mouth. The first few gobs coated the tip of her nose, with more on her lips. The spoon of her red tongue was white with his man sauce, but judging by her firm grip, Petra wanted more.
"Oh fuck it!... Fuck my mouth! Give it to me! More, more!" she wailed.
Petra's fingers rubbed hard across her engorged clitoris as she worked herself into a frenzy with the blowjob image. The fingers of her other hand squeezed and pulled at her peaked nipples. Her eyes were closing now, barely able to see the computer screen as she lost herself in a world of intense pleasure. Then her orgasm broke like a crashing wave.
"Ugh, ugh, ugh!... Yes.... Yes.... Fuck me!... Ughhhh.... Mmmpphhfff!!!... Ahhh...."
As the intense climax ripped through her clenching body, Petra's knees came together, almost lifting her off the floor. Her ass-cheeks grabbed tightly, and she kept fingering until she simply couldn't continue any longer. Then she fell to her side on the carpet and lay for a few minutes lost in distracted thought.
Friday night couldn't come soon enough for Petra because this time she had every expectation of taking her art pictures a step further. She wanted to be actually fucked by Ronald Dennison, even by both of them. The very thought of it sent her back to the computer for yet another session of 'self-indulgence.'
For his next lecture, Professor Edwards introduced the Art Deco period of design. It was a considerable departure from the trend of a generation before. While Art Nouveau was sinuous and natural, created by skilled artisans, Deco was wholly modern. It featured a clean, streamlined look, with new materials like aluminum and plastics, and a focus on machine production.
As he droned on, the back rows of the lecture hall were silent, many students slouching, eyes closed. Of course, the front rows were eagerly recording notes on their devices. No-one was more attentive than Petra, who knew that in her Art Deco photos she showed plenty of skin, most notably her bared breasts. While she was rather confident in her professor's discretion now, she was still on edge.
First, Edwards projected an image of New York's Chrysler Building, commenting on its arched upper stories which culminated in a spectacular metal crown, unlike anything else in the architectural world. There was a glimmer of interest from the back, but this rapidly changed to outright enthusiasm when he followed it with a masked photo of Petra, spectacular in tight black and white, crowned by a tiara not unlike the building.
"Art Deco quickly found its way into the world of fashion. You can see the streamlining, highlighted here by the model's stunning shape. Note how the tight skirt tapers to the knee, almost hobbling her at that point. See the bold machine-made jewelry around her neck, her wrists and her on her ears. Quite a contrast to previous naturalistic art forms, right?"
All eyes were rivetted on the slide, and on the others which followed: a closeup of the metal emblem around Petra's neck, nestled down in the deep cleavage between fine tits which projected proudly in their fitted cones. Another closeup of matching earrings highlighted the soft curvature of her tilted neck tapering toward smooth, bare shoulders.
The back rows came alive as they focused on stockinged legs exposed above the dark bands at the top of her nylons. The tabs and hooks of her garter belt were visible, this time in black with lace trim. Professor Edwards deliberately left it projected for a few minutes while he reviewed the key elements of Art Deco revealed in the model's photographs. Every male eye strained to see more flesh.
After that, he concluded with images from the 1930s decorative arts which demonstrated this modern design. Streamlined household objects like clocks and toasters were shown, along with that iconic Art Deco piece- a sleek, chrome smoker's stand, capped by an aeroplane flying above a cobalt blue ashtray.
The class was animated as they filed out afterward, several students complimenting Professor Edwards on his new lectures. Mr. Dennison had watched the presentation with great interest, remembering that not long after the photos of her legs, Petra had been nude, sucking his cock. He was eager to do it again on the weekend, so he stepped up to her as the last students left the room.
"Have you heard from your friend, Petra?" he asked, hopefully.
"I sent her some of the slides used in the last class, and she said she'd love to pose too."
"Did you send any others? You know, after the ones for lectures?" Edwards asked.
Petra briefly lowered her eyes in embarrassment before continuing.
"No, but I think she might be interested. A men's magazine went to their college in the fall on a model search. Emma auditioned for them- probably in a bikini or less- and was disappointed when she missed the final cut."
"So, you think she might be comfortable with some risque posing?"
"I'm sure you could edge her along pretty easily. She drinks white wine, same as me. But, she still hasn't given me a definite answer about the weekend yet."
"Well, Ronald, get outfits for two models for each of the Forties and Fifties. I hope we can use both, but we'll do what we can. Are you on for Friday at 7:00, Petra, whether she comes or not?"
"Yes, I wouldn't miss it for anything!"
****
Petra carefully prepared for her photo session because this time she knew what to expect. There'd be the fun posing in period costumes, then gradually removing them to entice Professor Edwards and Mr. Dennison. She had no doubt that there'd be some exciting photographed sex with the men too, so she readied herself for it. After a long, hot shower, she trimmed her pubic curls back to a narrow 'landing strip' above her slit.
Unfortunately, at the last minute Emmeline phoned Petra to cancel her planned visit. Her boyfriend had showed up unexpectedly and would be there for the weekend. She assured Petra that she'd come for photography the following weekend, if it was happening. Emma asked that her friend send more photos from this weekend's session.
So, Petra would be on her own this week, a prospect which didn't disturb her much. Apart from shooting his seed across her body last Friday, she'd not had sex with her professor yet. And having felt Ronald's big cock down to her throat already, she wanted it stretching her pussy too. Maybe she would experience both men tonight? The thought of such elicit sex sent shivers through her body and made her wet.
Finally, it was Friday at 7:00 o'clock.
As Petra approached the familiar apartment door, she could feel her heart almost leaping out of her chest. Her mouth was dry, and she was trembling with excitement, her anticipation almost unbearable. One final check of her lipstick and makeup in the hallway mirror, then she pressed the door buzzer. Footsteps echoed from the other side of the door- she was committed to this now.
"Come in.... Oh, your friend isn't with you?"
"I'm sorry. She called just an hour ago to say her boyfriend had come unexpectedly for the weekend. Emma wants to pose next Friday if we're doing this again, professor."
"I'm sure we will, Petra. You've seen how much better the lectures are with your photographs."
"Yes. I was so nervous that you might show the wrong ones. You know...."
"No chance of that. Lecture and private photos are kept in separate files. I download from each one to create jump drives for you and Ronald. We all must be very careful with this material for the sake of our reputations and careers."
"I agree. But as long as you are cautious and discreet I'd still like to do some more. It's great fun!"
"Excellent! Then we shall!" Ronald chimed in, much relieved. "I have drinks for us in the kitchen before we begin. Some wine, Petra? William and I are having his good scotch tonight."
After the alcohol was poured, they carried their glasses into the spare room where Dennison had set out all the clothing and accessories borrowed from the Theatre Department. There was too much, since Emma hadn't come tonight.
"We'll focus only on the Forties and leave design in the Fifties until your friend can join us," Edwards decided. "You can pose tonight both in uniform and typical women's clothing for the decade."
"Which uniform? I see two here, Army and Navy," Petra asked.
"The Women's Army Corps things are for you, and Ronald has a surprise. He'll be wearing the other one, white sailor cap and all."
"I hope you don't mind, Petra? I thought it might be fun and I've planned it to be a little romantic too," Dennison said.
"Romantic! That's a great idea. And... well... I liked being in photos with you last time," she said softly, and Ronald grinned, having just seen the green light flash for more hot sex on film tonight.
Soon Petra was feeling relaxed and ready to begin her work. Ronald had laid out everything on the bed like before, and the professor told her to wear the WAC uniform first.
"Petra.... Lots of red lipstick and plenty of rouge on your cheeks. Put your hair into a loose pony-tail, and wear the cap and badges. Remember the beige tie too. We'll finish setting up in the lounge while you change."
She was back in about fifteen minutes.
"Ready?... You look very good in uniform, Lieutenant Stanwick! The troops will love it. Now step out into the lights and remember to look at me or at Ronald as you pose."
"Yes, sir!" she replied in a soldierly tone.
"Atten-shun!" the professor barked out sternly. "Back straight. Chest out... now salute.... March slowly across the room, swaying your hips.... A little more.... Turn with a big flourish to show some leg.... That's it... and come striding back with arms swinging.... Smile. and give another salute.... Hold still while I pan your insignia.... OK. Good.
Centre of the room again. Slip off the jacket and the tie.... Undo your top two buttons.... One more.... Perfect!... Put your palms flat against the back of your neck. Chin up and chest out.... Hold it. Turn your head to one side.... And the other.... Lower your eyes and give me a pout.... Ah, you are so lovely. Lieutenant Stanwick!
Now put your hands on each hip and slowly move them up your sides. Higher... elbows back.... Brush across your nipples so they press against the blouse.... That's better.... Turn sideways and look this way with a hand on your hip, the other behind your neck.... Good. Give us a sly wink, Lieutenant.... And another.... Perfect!"
It felt provocative showing off her tits while these two handsome men looked on. Petra had experienced this feeling last week and was even more comfortable than before. She hoped that the professor would focus on her bare legs again. He wouldn't keep her waiting long.
"Turn around at a forty-five-degree angle to the camera.... Bend forward. Let your skirt ride up, to show those seamed stockings.... A bit more.... That's it.... Thrust your bum toward me.... Yes, like that.... Look around at me now and give a playful grin.... Hold it.... So sexy!... At ease, Lieutenant."
****
Professor Edwards was feeling aroused and knew it was time for some erotic private images.
"I have enough uniform shots now, so let's go on to something more interesting. Ronald, help Petra out of her skirt and blouse so she can pose in her Forties underthings.... Yes, the teddy too.... Just wear the shoes, stockings, garter belt and panties."
Dennison's hands strayed across her body as her clothes came off, touching her breast, her butt, her lower stomach. He felt brazenly confident that she wouldn't push him away. He'd enjoyed her mouth last week, and he could tell that she would be just as willing tonight, especially when he saw what she wore beneath her skirt.
Petra looked fabulous half-naked under the spotlights. Her nipples were stiff with excitement, and tonight she wore a tiny g-string, perfect for these private photos. It barely covered her pussy lips and the transparent material left nothing to the imagination. The matching garter belt held her old-fashioned coffee-coloured nylons in place.
Edwards and Dennison were both sporting raging erections as they drooled over her lovely exposed body.
"You know what we like to see. Move for my camera and seduce us with your body.... Yes, like that.... So sexy.... Lovely!... And turn sideways to show us your curvy profile.... Now some hot frontal shots.... Tilt your pelvis up and pull at those pink nipples.... Isn't she beautiful like that, Ronald?"
Dennison vigorously nodded, too choked up at the moment to speak.
"Rest a moment while I switch to video, Petra.... OK, ready now. I want you to love yourself like last week, but for a little video this time.... Be sexy for us again.... We love to watch you nude."
It was an invitation that Petra couldn't resist! She would show them the arousal that had been pent up all week. She'd set their cocks throbbing with a sexual performance that would make them want more of her!
Petra moved in a slow dance as the camera followed her. Arms above her head, she shook her tits, so that they swayed side-to-side. The hips moved in time, legs apart to expose her scarcely-covered sex to the men. Her mouth alternated between a seductive pout and an aroused 'O'. Turning partially sideways, her ass wiggled, seemingly an open invitation to fuck her.
Slowly she worked her way to the sofa, where Petra slouched back and spread her knees wide. Fingers roamed down across her stomach and gingerly pulled aside the bit of silky fabric covering her wet slit. Two digits found their way inside while Petra crooked the index finger of the other hand, beckoning the camera closer.
"This is my clit," she whispered hoarsely, choked by overwhelming lust. "I can make it feel sooo good.... Watch me."
The other hand quickly found her protruding button. An eager finger rolled across it, causing Petra to gasp and jerk her hips in discovery. The sensations that spread through her body were incredibly stimulating. Meanwhile, she began to fuck her soaking vagina as she stared wantonly at the invading camera lens.
"I want you guys to fuck me like this too," she whispered, barely audible, but they both heard it. "I need to cum so bad. Can I cum for you now?" she begged, but there was no stopping her anyway.
"Yes!... Show us how you cum. We both want to see that now," the professor rasped, hardly able to breathe as he watched the show. "Fuck yourself for my camera."
That was all it took for a huge crest of physical energy to crash through the model's lithe body. She gasped as her probing fingers loved her pussy beyond all endurance.
"Ugh... Ugh!... UGH!... Oh my god!... Ohh.... OHH!... Mmmmggaa!... Ahhh..........."
Her back arched up and her mid-section muscles grabbed in a massive climax that released so much tension. But Petra didn't stop! Her flying fingers stroked across her needy clitoris as intense moans and curses echoed through the room. Her whole body glistened with the perspiration, as she finally came to rest.
The men stood in silent awe before Mr. Dennison helped her up and Professor Edwards tossed her the blouse. Still dazed, she slipped it on but didn't bother to do up the buttons. Ronald led them into the kitchenette to pour more drinks. As they talked quietly about the next costume series, they couldn't help but stare at Petra's lovely naked tits.
The professor described her makeup.
"For the next shots, Petra, brush your hair out, apply heavy red lipstick and rouge your cheeks again."
His friend Dennison continued about the clothing.
"There's a plain white cotton dress set out for you, and leave everything else on- stockings, garters, g-string, shoes, and your eye-mask. No bra required for these."
Then Professor Edwards glanced at Ronald with a sly grin on his face.
"Oh yes... there's a little chrome device and some lubricant that you might need for later. Plug it in when you change. Ronald will put his uniform on in my bedroom."
In the spare bedroom, Petra began to prepare for the next session. As soon as she saw the little plug she realized what was on the program tonight. She'd done that a few times with her last boyfriend, Vincent and rather liked it. Thoughts of anal sex made her shiver with excitement!
Petra reappeared when she was ready. She looked very appealing in the crisp, white cotton dress. It was fairly thin, so her nipples were outlined, pressed firmly against the tight fabric. It flared at the bottom and went almost to the knees. The stockings were seamed up the back and she wore shoes with open toes and a moderate heel. Petra's look was crisp but not glamorous, more the 'girl-next-door' type- but one with an eye mask.
"I'll have you model for some fashion shots before Ronald joins us for photos together. Stand in front of the camera.... I'll let you strike poses to show all your best assets.... The skirt will spin well above your knees if you turn sharply.... Perhaps one more button undone on top?... Good.... And remember those sexy looks that you always give me.... OK.... And begin."
During the next fifteen minutes, the camera caught several nice angles of Petra's appealing shape. Her fine tits strained against the thin cotton fabric as she arched her back, and her shapely, stockinged legs drew attention higher up. Alternating coy and sultry looks caught different moods, as the professor portrayed the simple fashion of the thrifty Forties. Then he was finished.
****
"Ronald, ready for you now," the professor called out. A masked Mr. Dennison strolled from the bedroom in a blue Navy uniform and white sailor's cap. Petra thought that he looked fabulous, his muscular chest pressed tight against the material. She did like a man in uniform!
"Let's all have another drink while we discuss what comes next. Everything is in the kitchen. Ronald I've poured us more scotch. Help yourself to the wine, Petra."
They got their refreshments and came back to the sofa to sip while Edwards described the scene. After three glasses of wine during the evening, Petra felt very relaxed. It was time to move onto some coupling.
"Imagine it's 1945 and the war has just ended," Edwards began.
Then he held up a copy of that familiar crowd celebration photograph in which a Navy man is deeply kissing a slim woman in a white dress. He has literally swept her off her feet.
"Sailor Boy," William joked, looking at Ronald. "You're meeting up with your girl. It's your first minutes back home and you've been thinking about this moment a lot.
Petra, he's going to wrap his arms around you, leaning you way over backwards, just like this photo. There'll be a big, long kiss, and we'll take it from there."
"Oh, I've seen that picture," Petra enthused, and Ronald nodded that he had too.
After the alcohol was finished, the pair steadied themselves for the pose. Then Petra was cradled tightly in his muscular arms as she tilted backwards. He felt strong, and his manly scent enveloped her. Soon his lips were pressing hard against hers, his tongue ready to probe inside. She opened up and they Frenched like real lovers. Petra could feel her heart pounding as she lay in his arms, lost in romantic feelings. His stiff cock was pressing against her thigh.
"They're long-separated lovers," Edwards urged. "Guess what they want to do next. You both want that, right? I'll shoot private video for us now."
Dennison brought Petra to her feet without breaking their enveloping kiss, and began to unbutton the front of her dress, quickly releasing her naked tits. Meanwhile, her hand slid down, squeezing his shaft through his pants while she fumbled with his button-up fly. Ronald deftly slipped the dress off her shoulders and down her arms until she could step out of it. Then Petra went to her knees and pulled off the sailor's pants. His engorged rod sprung out, close to her mouth.
"Suck it now, Petra," Edwards ordered. "Grab his ass and pull him into your hot little mouth.... Just like last week, but on video this time."
Petra worked the crown with her red lips while she stroked the shaft firmly down to his balls. Ronald groaned with pleasure, but she was just getting started. She alternated stroking and deep-throating the man until he was at the edge, then kissed her way down his cock, right to his big balls. Some licks there, then it was back up to the head and down again into her throat.
It felt absolutely exquisite, and Ronald knew he had to fuck her before he let loose.
Meanwhile, Professor Edwards needed to get into this scene. He set the camera to automatic and quickly threw off his own clothing until he was stark naked. Aware of his movement, Petra turned her head to see him coming toward them.
"Ronald, fuck her pussy from behind," William said. "Petra, the camera is running. Suck my cock now!"
The professor stood in front of her, taking her head in his hands and pulling her until his rigid tool was at her lips. She smiled up at him, ready and willing. Dennison pulled aside her tiny g-string, bringing his cock against her wet slit at the same time as William slid his rod into Petra's eager mouth.
Petra was on fire, voraciously sucking the professor's cock while Ronald took her pussy from the rear. His strong hands tightly grasped her spread hips to pull her sharply against him. At first they went slowly- his cock felt enormous- but gradually she began to push back hard against his thrusts. She'd had some good sex before but never anything like this! Meanwhile, as Edwards' cock probed farther down her throat, Petra gasped to breathe.
The model perspired heavily, making the chrome butt plug glisten like a beacon. She knew now that William's cock was slimmer than Ronald's fat monster, likely to be much more comfortable for anal. Petra suddenly took her mouth away from the professor's stiff tool.
"William, my butt now!" she urged boldly, and turning her head it was, "Ronald, my mouth!"
Professor Edwards grinned and quickly took Mr. Dennison's place. He curled his fingers around the little butt plug and it came out with a pop, leaving a nicely stretched tunnel for him to explore. Then William brought his lubed cock to the entry and slowly began to edge inside.
"Rub your clit now, Petra, and you won't feel a thing," he advised.
He patiently pressed past her muscular ring and slid deeper than he might have thought. Petra gasped but kept fingering her swollen bud until the professor slowly established a rocking motion with his probing cock. Ronald slid down her throat with his tool, and both men continued eagerly fucking her face and ass for some time. Then the professor advanced the game.
"Ronald, lay on your back on the sofa now for a double," Edwards directed breathlessly.
I'll pull out, and Petra, kneel above him, then slowly come down on his cock.... Good.... Now lean forward to kiss while he takes you from beneath."
The professor stepped back and fiddled briefly with the camera angle, then came behind Petra, one knee on the sofa, the other foot on the floor. After some more lube and a few brisk strokes to stiffen his cock, Edwards eased himself back into Petra's warm, stretched chamber.
Together, the two men set up a rhythm that would rock Petra's world. Double penetration! She had never imagined that it could feel so good to be completely filled with hard cocks!
All three of them revelled in their filmed orgy. Petra's flowing juices coated Ronald's fat rod as he went to her tight vaginal depths. Each thrust rubbed against her engorged clit, sending little shockwaves through her body.
William's slender tool penetrated her clinging ass, very tight, but well-primed. All three of them gasped for oxygen, huffing and puffing like machines pounding against each other- two big pistons plunging into Petra's slick cylinders.
Petra loved the stream of intense sensation, but she didn't know how much more she could take! Both men were fucking her faster now, seemingly on the edge of control. Were they nearly ready to explode inside her lush body? Then a loud wail rose up from the sofa.
"Fuck me.... Fuck me.... Fuck meeee...." Petra called out as the passion in her built to a crest and the men pounded with all their flagging energy.
"Oohhhh.... More... more... More!... Yes.... Yes!... YES!!... Aaarrraauughh!!!"
And Petra was there, her entire body bouncing in orgiastic ecstasy. She was completely out of control, wilder than she'd ever been during sex! She came all over their cocks, involuntary muscles clenching and squeezing them tighter as her lovely body rode their intruding manhood.
But Petra wasn't finished yet. Her glistening body kept humping harder and harder against them.
"Oh my god.... Oh my god.... Oh... MY G........." she screamed as a second wave of gripping sensation wracked her whole body, shaking her past anything that she'd ever imagined in her wildest fantasies!
It was too much for William and Ronald too! They continued to thrust into Petra's squeezing pussy and ass, before cutting loose with hammering orgasms that lifted Petra and filled her with great blasts of their seed. She was tossed like a rag doll at the ends of their spurting cocks, grasping whatever she could hold to avoid falling off the sofa.
Gradually all three came to rest and lay panting for air. Petra could feel a flood of creamy fluid beginning to run from her well-used openings.
Grinning, Professor Edwards dragged himself from the sofa to turn off the camera. Another successful photo session had progressed from fine art to pure porn.
****
"So... will there be more photography next week?" Petra whispered to her professor as the class filed from the lecture hall the following week.
"Certainly, Petra," he smiled, knowing by her question that she was on board for more hot sex.
"I'm sure that my friend Emmeline will come on Friday, especially if I can interest her in some of the private things."
"Do that Petra. And, here's your jump drive from this past Friday. Share whatever you want her to see, but don't scare her off," he cautioned.
"She won't be. Emma's been around.... By the way, what's the theme?"
"The Fifties. June Cleaver and me, the hard-working husband, Ward."
"And the other two?"
"Hmm....Is Emma blonde?....Good.... Fifties icons: Marilyn Monroe and James Dean.
"Perfect! See you at 7:00 Friday."