Disclaimer
This is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any person living or dead is purely coincidental.
All fictional characters participating in any fictional sexual activity are 18 years of age or older.
This story will span several chapters and will eventually involve wife swapping, cheating, and incest themes. Be warned.
I have no editor, so all grammar errors are mine, and I apologize in advance. If you want to be an editor, let me know.
MMMMMMF, MF, FF, Orgy, Swinging, Wife, bdsm, Exhibitionism, Voyeur, Incest Themes

Chapter 2

The smell of bacon woke me up. Usually it's a pleasant experience, but this morning it was accompanied by the shrill squeal of the smoke alarm, and it certainly didn't smell tasty. I ran out of my room to find the kitchen immersed in smoke to the point I couldn't see to the other side. The light of flames from the stove burned through the haze and I grabbed a dishtowel and snatched the pan from the stove and set it on a trivet and covered it with a pizza pan. I turned off the burner and started walking toward the window when I ran into someone.
"OW!"
"Raine? What are you doing?" I reached out and found her arm in the smoke. I directed her toward the window and reached down to open it.
"I'm sorry, Grampa. I was trying to fix you breakfast." She wouldn't look me in the eye and cowered as though I was about to scold her.
I snatched the smoke alarm from the ceiling and took the battery out as the smoke began to thin. I could see Raine standing there, wearing only a nightshirt that barely came to her crotch. If she were to raise her arms, all would be revealed. If that weren't enough, she had cut the arms off and widened the neck so that it revealed much of her chest. Plenty of side boob showed through the armholes and more than enough cleavage in the neck. Really, the only thing it covered was her nipples and belly.
"Well, I appreciate the thought sweetie, but have you ever cooked bacon before?"
"Of course, I have. But I'm not used to a gas stove. It got hot so fast."
"Kind of like me," I said with a wink. "That's what I like about it."
She giggled. "Grampa!"
"Hey, are we on fire?" My grandsons Graham and Ash both made their way into the kitchen.
"Not anymore." I answered without taking my eyes from Raine. Even in the smoke, she was beautiful, and I felt my cock react. Unfortunately, I was still wearing the boxers I filled last night, and the dried cum was pulling the hairs out of my skin. I needed to get cleaned up. "Get dressed. We're going to Waffle House."
The boys squealed and ran back toward their room, but Raine lingered. "But I wanted to surprise you."
"Oh, you did," in more ways than one I finished in my mind. "It's the thought that counts. I really appreciate the effort. Of course, you'll be cleaning this up when we get back. Now go get dressed. You can't expect the cooks to do their job if you show up dressed like that."
"Grampa!" She swatted at me before she wrapped her arms around me, drawing me into a hug, and forcing her breasts to flatten against my stomach. "I love you, Grampa."
"I love you, too, sweetie." I leaned down to kiss her forehead, but she lifted her face at the last moment, planting her lips against mine. It was just a brief kiss, but I'd never kissed her lips before. She'd "give me sugar" on my cheek, and I would kiss her cheek and forehead. Her lips were soft and pliant. Moist and warm. She didn't pucker up, but neither did she open her mouth. It was a chaste kiss, but it made me want more. I pulled back instead. She refused to let me go, instead she just looked up at me for a forever moment.
"Well," I cleared my throat, "let's, ah, get ready to go. Those waffles aren't going to eat themselves."
"Oh, but if they could, you know they would." The joke was bright in her eyes.
We both laughed before we separated and headed for our respective rooms.
Where did Raine get that video of me and Shelly? That question refused to leave my head all morning. In fact, it was only the burned bacon that kept me from thinking about it when I first awoke. The last time I saw that tape was before my divorce. In fact, I thought I had destroyed all the videos Shelly and I made before the divorce. We got the idea to record ourselves after we watched a particularly bad porno movie we rented. I made the off-hand comment that I could make a better movie than this one. Shelly looked at me for a moment.
"Why don't we?"
"What?"
"Why don't we make our own? We can shoot at the next party. You know the Blases would be on board. So would the Williamses." She looked like she'd given this some thought.
"You wouldn't mind?"
"Oh, honey, it would be hot. And we could watch it as many times as we want. Besides, camcorder prices are real cheap now. It makes sense."
So we bought a VHS camcorder and several boxes of tapes. We practiced filming each other, but quickly got bored with that. We tried a tripod, but with only one stationary camera angle, the resulting video wasn't worth watching. We needed to tape someone or have someone tape us.
We had joined a swinger club in the city and had been to a couple of parties, making friends with several couples. We called Bill and Cindy Williams and invited them over for a party. After dinner and conversation, we asked them if they had ever taped themselves and they hadn't, but they liked the idea. It helped that we were friends and they trusted us.
In short order, Cindy and Shelly were on the bed making out and touching and caressing each other. Bill was sitting in a chair at the foot of the bed, and I was working the camera. Shelly trailed kisses down Cindy's neck to her chest, lingering at her large breasts. Cindy had the largest breast I have ever seen, much less touched. A solid 48EEE of all natural, still firm tit-flesh begging to be suckled and squeezed, and I was always happy to oblige. As was Shelly. Even though, at 34B, Shelly had nothing to be ashamed about in the chest department, she learned to love playing with large breasts and didn't feel inferior at all. We often wrestled with who got to suck on which nipple. Cindy loved it.
I was zooming in on how she worked Cindy's nipples with her tongue, alternating between that and biting and pulling. Shelly used both hands to scoop up as much of Cindy's breast as she could--one hand could not contain them--as she feasted. Meanwhile Shelly's right thigh was grinding on Cindy's pantie-covered crotch. I pulled back and panned down Shelly's back, following the contours of her tight muscles, until I saw the strap of her thong dipping between her ass-cheeks. The light caught it just right to highlight the darkness of the soaked fabric over her leaking pussy. As I moved to the other side of the bed, Bill got up and began stroking Shelly's tight ass with his hands. She purred into Cindy's breast and pushed her ass against his hand, urging him on.
Suddenly, he pulled his hand back and smacked her right cheek, making the flesh jiggle and redden. Shelly yelped in surprise, but then she groaned, enticing Bill to do it again. Another smack made her groan louder, and she cried out at the third one. "God, yes. Spank me!"
I never knew she like spankings. She never told me or indicated she wanted me to. I mean, we had our High-Five thing, but that was just play, not S&M. But she seemed to really enjoy Bill's spanking. He let his fingers linger on her ass between swats, stroking the moist skin between her cheeks, pushing the damp fabric of her thong into her pussy. I focused the lens of the camera on that action, temporarily forgetting the tit sucking happening at the other end of the bed. I think Shelly was forgetting that, too.
Cindy was not, however. She grabbed Shelly's head with one hand and slapped her face with one of her tits before jamming the nipple back into Shelly's mouth. "That's it. Suck my tit," she commanded. "Bite it. Harder!"
Cindy gathered both of her breasts in her hands and held them together, alternating feeding each nipple to my wife who eagerly suckled whichever one was closest. After a few moments of this, Cindy trapped Shelly's face between them, holding her there like she was trying to suffocate her until Shelly started jerking her head back and forth between those tits, causing ripples to cascade across each one. I'd heard of motorboating, but this was the first time I'd ever witnessed it.
Meanwhile, Bill had pulled the crotch of Shelly's panties aside and was actively licking her cunt in long strokes from the clit to the anus. Every once in a while, he would suck her labia into his mouth and stretch her lips between licks.
My hard on was throbbing in my shorts as I watched the three of them play. I wanted to put the camera down and join in, but we had decided I would focus on filming for at least the first several minutes. As I positioned myself to the side of the action between Shelly's head and ass, she caught sight of me out of the corner of her eye and reached a hand over and grabbed my crotch. She ran her fingers along the length of the shaft like she was checking to see if her performance was turning me on. It was.
Cindy, however, wanted and commanded Shelly's full attention by grabbing two handfuls of Shelly's hair and directing her head downward. Cindy lifted her hips offering her dripping pussy to Shelly's tongue, and I slid back along the bed to frame Shelly's face between Cindy's massive chest and thighs. Shelly attacked Cindy like a chocoholic attacking an Easter Basket. Her face was constantly moving as she licked and chewed on Cindy's pussy while shoving two, then three fingers inside with a vicious twist.
After a several moments of this, I moved the camera back to an oblique angle to get more of Shelly's body in the shot. When she she noticed me, she lifted her moist face. "Someone fuck me now. I need cock." I was ready to toss the camera at that point to join in, but Bill beat me to it. He stood up and replaced his tongue with his cock and started slamming into her ass hard enough to bang the headboard against the wall. I videotaped it all, my hard-on straining the fabric of my shorts.
I focused the lens on Shelly's face glued to Cindy's pussy while in the background I could still see Bill's torso and arms as he thrust his cock into my wife. Shelly was in high heaven, filling the room with her moans as she feasted on Cindy and bucked against Bill. When my hard-on throbbed enough to bounce in time with my heartbeat, I set the camera on the tripod and fed my cock to Cindy, who happily sucked it into her yearning mouth.
After a few moments, just enough to get a taste of my precum, Cindy pulled herself from Shelly's mouth and told me to lay down as she swung her leg over me. Reaching down, she guided me into her pussy right under Shelly's face, and once she had me fully ensconced, she pulled Shelly's face to her pussy again. Shelly licked my cock and Cindy's clit on each stroke. I hoped the video was getting all of it.
The next month, Jack and Veronica Blaze joined us, and we shot a video of what turned into a full on orgy with the six of us. We took turns passing the camera around, so everyone got a chance to do the taping as we recovered from our respective orgasms. Veronica was working the camera when Cindy first tried to fit all three cocks in her at the same time. It took several attempts and positions to figure it out, but with me on the bottom, my cock in her pussy, Bill's cock in her ass, and Jack squeezing is cock in between, sliding it alongside mine in her stretched pussy, Cindy screamed when we all started humping. I looked over to see Shelly madly frigging her clit, three fingers of her other hand jammed to the knuckle in her cunt. Her eyes were riveted on the convergence of our crotches as Veronica moved around trying to find the best angle. Shelly had the same look she had when Ben and I DP'd Karen. A look of hunger. Wanton hunger.
Unfortunately, after Bill and I came inside Cindy, we were done. Shelly tried her best to get us up again, but she had to settle for riding Jack until he blasted his cum inside her. I could tell it wasn't enough for her. I began to wonder what would be enough for her.
I love Waffle House. There are no better waffles to be had in the world. When I go there, I can forget almost any problem as I savor the sticky sweet syrup-covered confection; even if that problem is sitting next to me, pressing her toned, bare thighs against mine. She was almost in my lap, even though there was a mile of booth on the other side. Still, I didn't complain, though maybe I should have.
The boys were busy talking about something they saw on YouTube and pretty much ignored their sister. I tried to keep up with their conversation, but they were throwing names of supposedly famous YouTubers around like I used to describe movie stars. Raine looked like she was about to burst wanted to talk about something, but I think having her brothers around kept her from saying anything.
After we ate, we went to the mall. I figured they would all run off and leave me to wander around Barnes & Noble all by my lonesome. The boys did just that. As soon as we passed the threshold of the entrance, they ran off; presumably to a game room. Raine, on the other hand, seemed content to just amble along beside me. I knew it was coming.
"Grampa," she began.
"Yes, sweetie."
"What was it like being married to Grandma?"
"Why do you ask?"
"Well," she hesitated. "I mean, we spend a lot of time with you. I'm not supposed to tell you this, but we've been spending time with her, too."
I almost stopped walking. This was news to me. As far as I knew, Junior hadn't seen his mom since she and I split. Why would Junior make contact with his mom and not tell me about it? She had left all of us and not looked back. Why would Junior not tell me if she made contact?
"And we go over to Grandma's house, though not as much as we do yours. And we love you both."
She was beating around the bush so much that there wouldn't be a bird within miles. "And I, uh, we both love you." Just saying 'we' filled my mouth with bile. "I'm sure of that."
"But how do you know?"
What? "What do you mean?"
"How would you know if she loved us? I mean, do you guys ever talk?"
Okay. She was definitely taking a different tack. "Not in a long time." It would not bother me if I never saw her again. So far, I'd managed to achieve that. Even my sons knew better than to bring her up unless absolutely necessary. "I don't like talking about her, why would I want to talk TO her?"
"I get that, Grampa. And dad has told me that you don't like talking about her...and I've, well, I've tried to respect that."
"I've always like that about you, Raine." I looked right in her eye, hoping she would pick up on my tone and drop the subject.
She didn't. "You promised always to be honest."
"Raine, sweetie, I know I did. And I have always been, and I will always be. But that doesn't mean I will always tell you everything. Just that what I decide to tell you will always be the truth.
She got quiet for a moment as we strolled along the mall shops until we arrived at the bookstore. I glanced over from time to time while we walked, and I could see her mulling over whatever question she wanted to ask. It was clearly eating at her, and I couldn't help but think it had to do with that video I saw her watching. How on Earth did she get that? It had to be from Shelly, but why would Shelly do that? What was I thinking? Shelly would do anything. The woman has no morals. But corrupt our granddaughter?
"Raine," I paused a moment. "Did your Grandma tell you something that you want me to verify?"
She stopped and looked at me, searching my face. "Well, not exactly..."
I stared. Waiting.
She stared back, as if that was sufficient.
"Well, I'm looking for a book, so if there's nothing else you want to talk about..."
"Do you hate her?"
"You already know the answer to that."
"I know you always say it's wrong to hate and that you don't hate anybody."
"And that's the truth."
"Then why do you go out of your way to avoid her?"
"I can choose to avoid people and not hate them. I avoid the doctor, but I don't hate him. I avoid my accountant, but I don't hate him."
"But you never loved those people..."
She was quick.
"...and the opposite of love is hate."
"No, dear. That's not right. Hate is wrong. Love is wonderful most of the time, but it is also painful. It can hurt worse than anything, and it can fill you with such joy at the same time. But the opposite of love is indifference. Which is what I have toward your Grandma."
"But you did love her once..."
"Of course I did. A long time ago. Before you were born. And now I don't. And I won't. Never again."
"'Never say never'."
"Don't use my words against me."
"You taught me well."
I took a deep breath as I weighed the decision to continue the discussion. Curiosity won. "So, since we're on the topic, when was the last time you were over at your Grandma's?"
"Oh, couple of weeks ago, I think. She moved; you know."
"No, I didn't. Doesn't matter, really."
"Well, she's only a few minutes from our house. It's about the same distance as our house to yours."
Well, isn't that just friggin' peachy. Now I might bump into her at the fucking Kroger or something. I might have to start ordering all my food delivered.
"Do you want to know why?"
"Jesus, Raine," I exploded. "Can't you get it through your head I don't want to talk about her? I don't want to even think about her!"
Raine's eyes widened, and her mouth gaped. I'd never yelled like that before. Oh, sure, I've yelled when the kids refused to do chores after the third reminder, but I'd always kept my temper in check. I closed my eyes, afraid to see the fear in hers.
"I'm sorry," she whispered, her eyes tearing.
Her face made me blink as regret twisted my heart. "No, sweetie, I'm sorry," I said taking a deep breath. "I shouldn't have yelled. That was wrong of me." I pulled her in for a hug. "Let's just drop it, okay?"
She didn't answer me. She just squeezed me harder. "I love you, Grampa."
"I love you, too."
"I love Grandma, too."
"As you should. She is your Grandma, after all. Don't think for a moment that your relationship with her should have anything to do with my relationship, or lack thereof, with her."
"She's miserable."
I couldn't help but smile at that. I just hoped it wasn't obvious. "Well, that's none of my business."
"She's all alone except for us."
Serves her right. I had to stop myself from saying that out loud.
"That's why she moved. To be closer to Mom and Dad."
"Again. None of my business."
"Well, I just thought you should know, since you might bump into her if you come over to our house when she's there."
"I'm sure your dad will give me enough warning." He had better. I made a note to give him a good talking to when I saw him. How could he keep this from me?
"We helped her get moved in, but she didn't want us to tell you about it."
"So, what's changed that you're telling me now?"
She got quiet again, like she was trying to figure out which word to use. "Nothing, I guess. I just don't like keeping secrets."
It was time to change the subject. Thinking about Shelly was bringing up too many negative feelings. There was one way to keep her from thinking of her Grandma. "Secrets, huh? Like those pics you sent to Ryan?"
"Ugh!" She dropped her arms and groaned. "Grampa!"
"You sure weren't keeping secrets with those pictures."
"Wait. You saw them?" Hey! She looked positively mortified. Maybe I could score a point here. I hadn't seen them, but she didn't know that.
"You were lovely, but like you said, selfies aren't the sexiest thing."
"So, you've seen them..." She looked a little wary, but sadly not embarrassed.
"So photogenic."
"Well, he appreciated them, at least."
"I'm sure he did. But," and the Grampa in me couldn't help but chime in, "you might think about it before sending more. He could put them online without letting you know. Then everybody could see them."
"Ooooh. That's a good idea. Maybe I should do that!"
Wait, what?
"I could be a social influencer! Those girls make bank! But selfies suck. I'd need a photographer. But who?" She tapped her finger on her chin in an exaggerated show of thinking. "Oh! I know. Grampa! You want to take pics of me? I mean, since you've already seen me, anyway."
I knew she was baiting me, trying to get me flustered. I wouldn't give her the satisfaction. "Oh, well, I'll have to check my schedule. You know I have Miss March coming over for a photo shoot, and then there's Cardi B coming over for me to shoot her video. I may be booked up."
"Oh, I'm sure I can find an opening to squeeze you in."
I was about to answer that when Graham came running up. "Hey, Grampa, Ash lost his money in the machine. Can we get some more for tokens?"
And the day went that way, with me entertaining all three of my grandchildren. I did catch Raine staring at me when she thought I wasn't looking, but that was probably her pitying her grandma.
The kids ended up going home that evening. It seems that there were some chores that should have been done that weren't, so Laney put the kibosh on the extended sleepover. It was probably for the best. If Raine had kept up her teasing, or worse, if I caught her masturbating again, I'm not so sure I would be strong enough to ignore little brain.
I was also having difficulty understanding how she got the video. I so wanted to ask where she got it, but that would expose how I knew she had it, and I didn't want to let her know I watched her masturbating to it. With schoolwork for the boys and Raine's job, I didn't hear from them all week. Fortunately, I didn't run into Shelly around town either. Perhaps having her close wouldn't be as bad as I feared.
I almost convinced myself of that when the inevitable happened. I pulled into the parking lot of the Dollar store when I saw her getting out of her car. It took every bit of self-control to avoid slamming on the brakes and squealing tires getting out of there. Or worse, peeling rubber running her down. As it was, I simply turned down the furthest aisle and waited for her to get into the store before turning around and pulling out of the parking lot. I patted myself on the back for my restraint. I doubt I would have shown any restraint if I'd seen her right after our divorce.
We had been in the lifestyle for a couple of years when everything went to shit. When we first started swinging, we read articles from people who'd done it and there were just as many stories of how it made marriages so much stronger as there were about how it ruined them. Our friends were all enjoying the parties and the openness and we went along with it. I always figured if either of us got tired of it, we would just stop. For my part, I was enjoying spending time with gorgeous women, and I didn't feel jealous of Shelly spending time with the other men or women. We had the understanding that we wouldn't party with anyone without advanced knowledge and communication. It wasn't permission, or anything like that. It was just consideration. We knew that secrets and lies damaged marriages more than sex with others. At least I used to think that.
When our kids were in school, we stepped back from the lifestyle a bit. With their activities and studies, and our jobs, it took a toll on our ability to party. We still fucked as much as any couple married more than ten years fucks. And we still partied with some of our lifestyle friends maybe every couple of months. We couldn't host, though. Not with the boys there. Shelly would tell me that she was looking forward to being empty-nesters when the boys went off to college so we could get back to it.
Bill and Cindy invited us to a party one weekend when the boys were over at their grandparent's, and it turned out to be the biggest one we'd seen. They usually hosted parties at their house, but this time, they upped their game. Up until that point, the most we'd been with, not including the on-premise club, was four other couples. There had to be fifty to sixty people or more at this party. It was at a private suite at a swanky lakeside resort.
Bill was at the bar getting a drink when we walked up, and I grabbed his offered hand. "Hey, man. You really pulled out all the stops this time."
"No doubt. It's our anniversary, so Cindy wanted a gang bang. What the wifey wants...you know." He gave me a knowing wink.
"I do." I wrapped my arm around Shelly. We were both still dressed, as were most of the others in the room. A lot of the women were dressed very sexy, to the point it would be inappropriate in any other setting outside the bedroom, but still nice. Guys were dressed in what they call business casual. Most looked like they drove here after leaving the office. There was one girl walking around in nothing but a long scarf wrapped around her hips, her pointed breasts bobbing with each stilettoed step, the ends of the scarf swinging over her shaved pubes.
The room was lined with small nooks or alcoves on the sides with couches or loungers offering a modicum of privacy and featured large French doors opening out to a massive deck that stretched out to the lake shore. The doors stood open, people circulated back and forth from the deck chairs to the living room sectional sofa and everywhere in between. The sofa was still in sitting configuration, but I figured that before the night was halfway over, someone would push all the sectional pieces together to make a romper room.
"Where is Cindy, by the way?" I asked as I took the drink he offered me.
"She and Ray ran off just about five minutes ago. His girlfriend got a bit paranoid about the evening and Cindy went to calm her down." Ray and Diane were new to the lifestyle, having only soft-swapped before. If memory served, this was going to be their first all-out party. "I hope she does. I was hoping to party with Diane tonight."
"Cindy has a way of convincing people. I'm sure she'll be alright. So, where is Cindy's big event going to be?"
Bill pointed to a balcony over our heads. "That is the 'game room.' It's reserved for Cindy and her entourage. We're going to raffle off tokens to determine who gets to be one of her studs." He smiled.
"That sounds so hot," Shelly said looking up at the balcony. "Makes me wish I had a cock so I could be included."
"Oh, there will be plenty of leftovers, I'm sure." Bill leered at her. "I know I'll reserve a spot on my dance card for you."
"Oh, aren't you sweet," she kissed his cheek, then turned and looked wistfully again at the balcony. Her nipples threatened to tear through her blouse. That was when I noticed she took her bra off after we left the house. "I'll look for you later then."
The party started slowly with the more experienced members of the club pairing off with the newer ones. New blood sheds first. Cindy made her appearance with a man on each arm. Bill walked with them handing out tokens to people as Cindy pointed them out. Shelly ran into a woman she knew from an earlier party, and they left me alone while they went off, I assume to compare notes about the people at the party. I nursed my drink and people watched for a while, noticing how couples were pairing up. There were a few couples that only party with certain other couples and they stuck together. Others prowl for fresh meat. Shelly and I enjoyed partying with Bill and Cindy, and one or two other couples, but we both liked the occasional new partner to help keep things fresh. It had been a while since Shelly wondered off and I was just about to go looking for her. Several couples had already begun filling the alcoves and there was a number of moans coming from the shadows. The sectional had already been pushed together.
A young girl with small but perky breasts and narrow hips swooped in and chatted me up a few seconds before grabbing my collar and pulling my face in for a lip-lock. "I've been checking you out since you got here," she said when she broke the kiss. "I decided you'd be my first of the evening."
"Well, I'm honored," I said. It was a bit presumptuous, but still flattering. Since no one else had made a better offer, I decided to take her up on it.
"Come on," she pulled me along behind her as she made her way to one of the alcoves. She backed herself up to the lounger and sat, pulling me in front of her and grabbing my belt. She was no stranger to undressing men as she had my cock out and in her warm hands in no time.
For a moment, I thought about Shelly. We usually partied together for our first coupling of the evening, but she had vanished leaving me alone. As my cock disappeared into the girl's mouth, Shelly's face disappeared from my mind. My partner's cock sucking skills were adequate, but nothing special. She got me hard and kept me there, but I wouldn't catch a nut from her ministrations. She didn't take it in too deeply, pretty much focusing on the head. I ran my hands through her hair as I fed her more of my cock. She eagerly accepted and tried to take more in her mouth, but being as she was such a small thing, it was difficult for her.
"Damn," she said as she pulled back, "you got big!"
Well, no. I'm pretty sure I'm average. While unlike a lot of guys, I've never taken a ruler to my penis, I've seen enough of them to know there are many that are bigger and many that are smaller. I figured she was trying to make me feel better about her not taking me more deeply. "Well, thank you. You were doing fine, darling. Keep it up. It felt so good."
She looked up at me with blue eyes as her hand jacked the length of my shaft. I could tell she didn't really want to continue her oral attentions. "But I want this big boy inside me," she said breathily. "That's why I picked you. I want to get fucked, now."
She leaned back lifting her knees allowing her short skirt to fall over her belly. Her naked pussy spread itself open as she parted her legs, and she reached down and dampened her fingers with her juices. "Don't you want to fuck my tight little pussy?"
"You don't have to ask me twice." I knelt and rubbed the head over her wet cunt lips, spreading her lubrication around. I gripped my cock about mid length and began slapping her clit and stirring her juices, making wet smacking sounds with her lube. I loved the sound of a wet pussy sloshing all over the place. Her hips rocked up and down as she tried to draw my cock into her. Her fingers clawed at the sheets.
"Come on," she whined, "fuck me. Give me that cock. Don't tease me."
I released my hand and drove full length into her, anticipating some resistance from her "tight little pussy." There was none. I was balls deep in that one stroke.
"Yes!" She cried. "That's more like it. Give it to me." She began fucking back at me.
I could feel the heat and moisture surrounding my cock as I pistoned in and out. She was so wet, I could feel her juices dripping off my balls. I reached up and pulled her top down, revealing her small breasts with her dark dime-sized nipples. I grabbed her left breast and squeezed it as I fucked her. I bent down and sucked the other one. She wrapped her arms around my head and held me to her breast, trying to force even more tit-flesh into my mouth. "Yes! Like that. Oh, yes. Bite it. Bite my nipple. Ohh!! OOOOOOOOOHHHHH!! I'm gonna....I'm gonna....I'm cumming!"
I felt her pussy clamp down on me, almost pushing my cock out as her body trembled. "Cumming," she muttered as she spasmed. "Cumming." I kept up fucking her through her orgasm, timing my thrusts to her vaginal spasms so I didn't risk breaking my dick. As wide open as she was when I first entered her, she tightened up considerably when she came. She must do kegels.
I wasn't close to a nut yet, so I didn't mind when she put her hand on my chest. "Wow. That was great. You got me off fast. I don't usually come so quick."
"Just part of the service, darling," I said, trying to be funny.
"You're funny. I like that." She pushed me off of her, stood up, and straightened her top as her skirt fell back over her crotch. "I might come around for you again later. 'K? Bye bye." She kissed me and then she was gone, leaving me scratching my head, and with a dripping hard on.
After the stranger girl left me hanging, I looked around. Most everyone was naked now, although a few of the voyeurs were still dressed, and most people were in some form of sexual activity. I saw a thin girl with long red curls bouncing cowgirl on some guy as he reclined on a lounge. A group of four people were daisy-chained on the floor near the fireplace, but as I watched, another couple of average looks who appeared to be in their early forties insinuated themselves in the chain. A pair of large women were tribbing in the alcove opposite the one I was in.
I recognized one of the couples Shelly and I usually party with in the process of breaking in a new couple. They were part of a group that occupied the over-sized sectional in the center of the room. Several other groups of three or four shared the space, arms and legs overlapping each other. It wouldn't be long before they merged into an all-out orgy.
I didn't see Bill or Cindy, but I thought they might be auditioning partners for her gang-bang. I kinda figured that Bill would offer me a token, seeing as I had sampled Cindy quite often in the past, but he never appeared with one. As I scanned the room, my hard-on flagged a little. I still had not seen Shelly, and a nagging worry settled in the pit of my stomach. It wasn't like her to stay gone for so long.
I hitched up my pants, but left my shirt and shoes off. Even in an orgy, I didn't feel comfortable walking around free-swinging. I stepped out of the alcove and had to step over a couple who decided to drop on the floor and take care of business. She was younger and cute, and he was an older guy, probably older than I, but there's no accounting for taste.
Weaving around the tangle of bodies in the room, I was trying to locate the stairs, but instead I found myself out on the deck. More people were hanging around, some having sex, some just talking, and some drinking alone. I didn't know any of them, so I didn't approach any of them. Shelly wasn't here. I ventured back inside and as luck would have it, I stumbled upon a set of stairs near the back door. When I emerged at the top, I was in a dark hallway, not the game room Bill had described. I wandered down the hallway lined with closed doors. A lot of lifestyle parties offer private rooms for those who don't like an audience, so it wasn't unusual to see them. Of course, this was a much bigger house, so Bill and Cindy may have close them off from the party.
As I passed one, I heard the unmistakable sound of someone in ecstasy. I usually respect privacy, but something told me to check the door. It was not locked and I pushed it open to see a chubby white woman riding cowgirl on a big black man while another white man sat in a chair masturbating. "Fuck me harder!" She gasped as he obliged her. "That's it. Yes! See this, Jerald? He knows how to fuck. He knows how to fill up a pussy like mine, unlike you with your limp little worm."
Jerald was busy beating the shit out of his "limp little worm" which was neither limp nor little. I guess he liked the humiliation. I hear some guys get off on it. Different strokes and all. I closed the door and continued roaming.
At the end of the hallway, I came into the game room Bill had mentioned. It looked like the gang bang was already in full swing and I missed the start of it. The room was full of naked men standing in clusters. There were several guys on the king-sized bed surrounding Cindy so much that I couldn't really see her, while more guys stood by watching and pulling on their cocks, keeping them hard for their turn. There were two other women on the other side of the room sucking whomever put their dick in front of them. They reminded me of the fluffers I heard porn productions use to keep the porn stars hard throughout the shoots.
I was just a little bothered that they started without even giving me a token, but with all the cock in the house, Cindy couldn't take on all of them. Could she? I could hear her muffled grunts as she was getting serviced. From what I could tell, there were three men somehow fucking her, while at least one was at her head and two flanked her on each side. I could see her feet moving above the throng of undulating men and I wanted to get a better look. I made my way to the other side of the bed and was a little surprised to find a second cluster of men also gyrating.
"Breather!" I heard Cindy's voice as she emerged from her pile of bodies. She was slick with sweat, spit and cum dripping off almost every inch of her body as they men parted to let her up. Mascara had run down her cheeks and her lipstick had long rubbed into a red smear on her face. She had hickies on her neck and breasts and what looked like love bites all over her.
"Shit!" Some guy on the bed yelled. "I'm cumming! One of the three men from the first group disengaged from the carnage and began to spew cum on the woman below him. As he moved, the other guys also moved to avoid getting hit by the cum. What I saw stunned me. I recognized Shelly's ass thanks to the small birthmark on the outer cheek. It was a favorite spot of mine and I loved to spank her right there. Shelly was spread wide before me, two cocks were lodged in her pussy and her asshole was still red and distended from the fucking it just received. Streaks of semen painted her skin and formed drying pools on her back, ass, and thighs. She had a different cock in each hand and one sawing in and out of her mouth.
My heart dropped as I watched my wife of fifteen years take on six men at one time with several more lined up for their turn. There was no way of knowing how many had come before this group. As I watched, another guy was quick to step in and try to squeeze in between Shelly and the second guy in her pussy. Everyone was nice enough to slow down so he could penetrate her before ramping back up to serious fucking. Once he was in place, I lost sight of her again as they began gyrating and the other men jockeyed for position to be next. Many of them were playing with her breasts or rubbing her back or holding her hair.
Bill swooped in to help Cindy recover by providing a washcloth and a towel, and began cleaning her up as she moved to a recliner in the room. "Alright guys. Give me about a half hour to recuperate and we can start up again."
She and Bill both caught sight of me at the same time. Their expression told me more than anything else they could say. We stood frozen like that for a pregnant moment as the crowd adjusted.
Several of the men wandered off, while the rest huddled around Shelly as she continued her ride. I heard another tell-tale grunt, and someone was ejaculating in the throng. One of the guys in her hand fell away and I saw her face for a second. She seemed blissfully unaware of anything but the feelings in her body. She was mindlessly enjoying the cock in her mouth as the man face-fucked her. Saliva dribbled from her slack jaw forming a puddle next to the head of the guy who was fucking her from underneath. Normally, seeing her passionately fucking turned me on, but this scene, six men at once, twisted my stomach and filled my mouth with the taste of bile. She'd never mentioned wanting to do this.
"Look," Bill started to say, but I held up my hand. I now knew why he didn't offer me a token to be a part of the gang bang. I also knew why Shelly had run off so quickly after we arrived.
Cindy just shrugged. "She's having a blast," she said. "You should go downstairs and party with the Smiths. They're sharing Megan. I heard Megan is a firecracker."
"Right," I said. "A firecracker." I strode past them toward the stairs. There was another group of men making their way up the stairs for their turn at the sluts. At the bottom, Cindy's friend Karen was collecting tokens to admit the preselected men to the second-floor party. I wonder if she would have prevented me from coming up.
I walked past her to the foyer and grabbed my coat and left. I suddenly wasn't in the mood to party anymore.
It was two weeks before I got to see my grandkids again. My job as an educational consultant had me traveling a bit, which helped keep me busy and cut down on the opportunities to accidentally run into Shelly around town. That, plus the kids having busy schedules on their own kept me from dwelling too much on the Raine questions. My son and Laney had planned for all of us to go to dinner and the latest Marvel movie on the Friday I got back home, and I was looking forward to seeing them all. I decided to put off confronting Junior about his mom. If he didn't want me to know he was communicating with her, so be it. It did stick in my craw, but I did my best to ignore it.
When they pulled up to pick me up, the atmosphere in the van was markedly cool. I slid in behind Laney, next to Raine while the boys were in the third-row.
"Hey guys!" I slapped my thighs after buckling up. "What's up? Ready to watch some super-hero action?"
"I'm hungry," Ash complained.
"Ash, what did I tell you?" My son bellowed from the driver's seat.
"Yes, sir."
"Not having the best of days, are we?" I tried to keep a smile going.
"It's just been one of those days, Pops," he said. "Someone's teacher called me to let me know that someone was threatening another student."
"Yeah, Ash wanted to fight a senior!" Graham was clearly impressed at his older brother's chutzpah. Though he was a sophomore, Ash was still small for his age. Even so, that he almost got in a fight was surprising. He was usually so sensitive.
"I would have, too. If old man Smithers hadn't broken us up." I noticed Raine cringe when he said that.
"I told you," my son interjected, "we will discuss it later. Let's just try to have a polite and violence-free family evening."
Raine stayed as far against the door as she could physically get and kept her attention out the window for the whole trip to the restaurant. Something was clearly bothering her, but her parents either were ignoring it or ignorant of it.
Once we got there, I held Junior back as Laney took the kids inside. "What's going on?"
"He tried to pick a fight."
"That's not like him. The only person I've seen him fight is Graham."
"I know. And I'm not trying to diminish my son, but he would have gotten his clock cleaned if he had gotten into it."
"Who was it?"
"He wouldn't tell me. Which is why he's in the doghouse with me. It's bad enough he's picking fights, but now he's keeping secrets from me and defying me. You remember what you did when I pulled that."
Like you're doing with me now about your mother? The thought rose unbidden, and I squashed it. He was right that I came down hard when he was a kid. I made his life miserable for a week until he caved and told me what I wanted to hear. Which it turned out was nothing important, but it was the principle of the thing. I'm still not sure it was worth the stress it caused between us. I couldn't tell him that, though. He didn't like unsolicited advice on parenting. "I do. So, what's up with Raine? She didn't say a word the whole way over."
He shrugged. "Dunno. Maybe it's a girl thing. She gets moody and sullen every so often."
Perhaps. I wouldn't know, not having the experience of raising a daughter myself. The dinner went better than it looked like it was going to. Graham kept us all laughing, Ash brightened up a bit, and Raine even said a few words. Laney and my son filled me in on their week and I told them about the project I just finished. All throughout the meal, I saw Ash and Raine stealing glances at each other. Something was going on there and I had a feeling it had to do with the threat at school.
After the movie, I corralled Raine on the way to the car. "Hey, what's bothering you? You seem down."
She shrugged. "Nothin'."
"Oh, I don't think it's nothing. I think it's something. I think it's something with Ryan." Her eyes darted up at me, then quickly looked away. "...and Ash?"
Her eyes widened. "How...what..."
"Did Ash threaten Ryan?"
I watched the story play in her eyes as she weighed whether or not to tell me. "Please, don't ask me that," she finally said. "And please don't say anything to dad."
"Raine, you need to be honest with me, remember? This goes both ways."
'Hey!" Junior called from the van. "What's keeping you two?"
"We're coming," I hollered back, then refocused my attention on Raine. "You need to talk to me about this, sweetie."
"Later, okay?"
"I'll hold you to that." I escorted her back to the car, her clinging to my arm.
Later that evening, I was enjoying a beer in my recliner and debating on going to bed early or calling Candy. She was a FWB that I used from time to time when I felt lonely or horny and didn't want the expense and headache of a formal date. It was a symbiotic relationship, since she called me more than I called her. I sometimes wondered if she hoped for more than that, even though she knew I wasn't looking for a relationship.
I had just decided to call when I heard the front door open. I bolted up, ready to fetch my pistol, since it was close to midnight, and no one ever dropped by my house this late unannounced.
"Grampa? You up?"
"Raine? What on Earth are you doing here? It's the middle of the night."
"I couldn't sleep."
"How did you get here? I know your dad didn't let you take the car this late."
"Uhm...he doesn't know. He and mom went to bed as soon as we got home."
"Raine! Do you know the position you're putting yourself in? Me in?"
"I know, Grampa. But I need to talk to someone, and I can't talk to them. I just can't. They wouldn't understand."
I swallowed the urge to continue berating her for her lack of judgement, but there was a larger issue here, and Raine clearly needed me more than she needed to be corrected. "Okay. We'll set that aside for now. What is it, Sweetie?"
She sat quietly next to me on the sofa as she tried to figure out where to begin.
"Let me guess. Ryan did something he said he wouldn't do." She couldn't have looked more surprised. "Ash found out about it and threatened him." Her eyes widened even more. "Am I in the ball park?"
"How do you know?" Her voice was a soft whisper.
"At my age, I know a few things because I've seen a few things." I took her hand. "Tell me."
Well, it seemed that Ryan had recorded Raine when she was masturbating for him on the computer. I'm guessing it may have been the time I caught her. He showed the video to a friend of his at school and the story took off from there. By the time Ash heard anything, the story had morphed into Raine banging the entire football team. He did the only thing he could think of to defend his sister's honor: He challenged the villain to a fight.
If I had been Ryan, I probably would have done the same thing. Teenage boys think only with the small head. Of course, that's not entirely exclusive, I have been known to let the small head do my thinking, too. "What are you going to do?"
"I don't know. What can I do? It's already out there. It's not like I can undo it."
"Has anyone else seen it?"
She shrugged. "Probably the whole school by now."
"Do your parents know?"
"Not yet. I...I can't bring myself to tell them."
"And Ash won't?"
"I made him promise not to."
"They're going to find out one way or the other. Some adult is bound to find out about it, and it will hit the school administration and they will tell them. It would be better coming from you. Besides, your dad is pretty good at legal matters. He might be able to get the video taken down, or at least harder to find."
"I don't know, Grampa..."
"Let me see how bad this is. If I can find it online with a simple search, you need to tell your folks. Deal?"
"But..."
I was already on my tablet searching for her before she could say anything. My first query hit paydirt in the top five returns. There was a thumbnail of Raine's body with the caption of "Caught my GF diddling her hot twat." Her left breast was clearly visible along with her silver-dollar-sized puffy areola and eraser-sized nipple standing at attention. Out of reflex, my finger tapped the image which brought up the stream, showing her hands between her thighs, obviously rubbing herself, although her crotch was out of view at that moment. The light from the monitor gave her skin a bluish tint as her arm moved, casting shadows along her undulating belly following the lines of her taut, flexing abs.
"Grampa! You're watching it? Oh, my God!" She covered her face in her hands, but her nipples hardened under her t-shirt.
"I was just trying to get an idea of how bad it is. It's not that bad. Look. You can't even see your face." I showed her the screen.
"Oh my God." She peeked between her fingers. "Oh my God!"
I could hear her moaning on the video as she played. Then she did something that changed my hopeful assessment. On screen, she moved over to touch the computer, her boobs swaying with the movement and her face filling the screen for a moment before she returned to her position. Only this time, her pussy was also in the frame as she rubbed her clit. I think this was when she brought the video of Stella to the screen, because she really began working her twat, her fingers making wet smacking sounds in her folds. From this angle I could see the base of her vibrator tucked inside her meaty, puffy moist labia. She trimmed her bush to a short, tight strip pointing to her clit. Her juices reflected the monitor light revealing just how turned on she was. If she hadn't been rocking her hips so much, I would probably be able to see her juices pouring out of her.
Words failed me as I watched the stream. "Oh, well..."
"Shit," she groaned as she watched herself on the monitor. "I'm so fucked." She looked a plea at me, her eyes flicking back and forth over my face searching for some hope. "What am I going to do, Grampa?"