It was a hot summer day with not a cloud in the sky. Kayaking was her favorite hobby and always took her mind off whatever stresses or loneliness she was feeling from her mundane life.
Jen slowed down a bit until she came upon a fork in the river with a small island in between. She spotted an area that consisted of field grass and weeds that looked to be about up to her waist if she were to stand up. She paddled her kayak over to the piece of land and decided it was a good place to dock her kayak.
She got out and stared around for a moment, checking to see if anyone was around. She saw nothing but the river and more grass. On each sides of the river, tall trees towered over the edges. Not a single soul was seen. The only sounds heard were the birds chirping far up the trees.
The thought of having the whole river to herself at that moment immediately excited her. She had never done something so wild. Her thoughts raced as she thought about what she was about to do next.
Her pussy was dripping wet and was eager to be touched. She could feel her nipples immediately get hard at the thought. She wanted to torture herself with thoughts of other women, their pussies on her's, the warm tongue of a curvy woman on her clit, the intense stare of sexy blond girl while she had her fingers inside Jen's, a woman's big ass on her face rubbing her pussy across Jen's tongue.
Her pussy was burning inside her pants now, begging to be touched. She could feel her clit throbbing against her silk panties yet she resisted the urge to touch herself. She realized she hadn't even left the kayak yet; It still rested upon the land, half-in half-out of the water. She got up, stepped over her kayak, and plopped herself in the grass right next to her kayak. The grass was over her head now.
She imagined a sexy brunette with big tits walking over to her. The girl would pull down her thong and get on top of Jen. She would take off her black bikini top and throw it into the river. She would climb on top of Jen, push her back onto the ground so she was laying down. The girl would then straddle her, slowly leaning down, grazing her tits against Jen's. She would feel the wetness from the girl's pussy across her's.
As she fantasized about all this, Jen slowly pulled down her skin tight yoga shorts to reveal her black silk panties. She wanted to see how wet she was. She glanced down and saw a nice dark black spot and a small bulge in the middle where her clit was. She was wet but she wanted to see how wet she could make herself. She put her head back and continued on with the fantasy.
The curvy brunette would sweep her long hair across Jen's nipples as she sat up again. As the girl would look her in her eyes, she would kiss her. First passionately, getting steamier and steamier, and eventually slipping her tongue inside. The girl would then get off her, bend down and put her mouth on Jen's pussy. Her tongue would go back and forth over Jen's clit, making it wetter and wetter. Her tongue would then go inside, thrusting in and out. Each time, Jen would moan louder and louder. She longed for the girl's pussy on hers so she would grab her and sit her up. They would straddle, one leg over Jen's, the girl's other leg beneath one of Jen's. The immediate moment the girl's pussy touched hers, she would feel the throbbing. Her moans would get louder as they grinded faster and faster. The girl's pussy would be dripping wet and she would feel the warmth, see the burning intensity in the girl's eyes. She would pull the girl closer and push her down to the ground. She would straddle both of her legs over the girl's body, rubbing faster and faster. She would then adjust her body so her pussy was right over the girl's nice plump breasts. As soon as she would put her wet pussy on the girl's tits, she would rub up and down over her nipple's, feeling her nipple graze across her clit each time.
Jen caught herself softly moaning out loud in real life. She looked down to see she was drenched. There was a huge wet spot on her panties. This time she couldn't resist.
She slowly reached her hand down and put it right on top of the wet spot on her panties. She could feel her throbbing clit through the fabric. She was practically dripping. She started in slow circles around her clit, teasing herself. Her fingers were immediately covered in her juices across the fabric. It felt so good with each stroke. She continued faster and faster now, using all her fingers to rub over her clit this time. She couldn't help but start moaning again.
There was no one out there, she thought. She could be as loud as she wanted. Realizing this, her moans became louder and louder and she kept rubbing herself. If she kept this up, she would cum in no time.
She wanted her pleasure to last for a long time, so with resistance, she lifted her hand. She slowly took off her soaked panties and flung them on her kayak right next to her. She then took off her short top, and last, her lace black bra. She threw both her shirt and bra onto the kayak at the same time, but it missed and plopped right into the river. She was too turned on at that moment, to care. She watched them float away for a bit, before getting into her kayak. She decided to sit on her kayak with one leg over the side and her other leg over the other side, straddling the kayak.
She looked around, wishing she would have brought some toys with her. She saw the kayak paddle and decided that would have to do. She immediately grabbed it and placed it underneath her so the pole part of it was against her pussy and ass. This time she thought about 69ing with a busty blond girl. She loved to eat pussy and the mere thought turned her on so much. She fantasized about licking the woman's pussy as she rubbed the paddle against her pussy, going back and forth. In the midst of her fantasy, she was unaware of someone coming down the river in a canoe.
She started thrusting her body back and forth while she was also moving the pole. She looked down to see the pole and it was wet with her juices. She started moaning really loudly now. Jen was desperate to cum at this point. "Mmmm, ughh, oh yeah, eehuuugh..."
Then she noticed the girl coming down in the canoe. She had long curly hazelnut hair with a white dress on. She looked to be in her early 20s and had a slender body.
At first Jen pretended not to see her. She was startled but so into it and so close, that she almost didn't care. It was almost thrilling to her. She decided to do something she had never done before. Jen continued to trib her pussy on the pole of the paddle, moaning even louder now. She turned her head with a shy expression, and looked right at the girl. When the girl didn't turn away, it turned Jen on even more. She dropped the paddle now and rubbed her pussy with her hand. The girl was closer now so she could see the outline of her plump tits underneath her dress. The girl parted her lips and just stared, both her hands still rowing her canoe. She started rubbing her pussy so fast that her kayak was shaking back and forth. All she could hear were her moans and the sound her pussy juices made. She couldn't help but have a thought at how hot this all was...and also how surprised she was at herself. She could hear her moans become louder and louder now, she knew she was going to cum. She felt her clit throbbing, aching to release the tension. Staring right at the girl's tits, she came all over her hand and her kayak. Her legs tightened around her hand and she screamed out.
The girl was staring at her, with a blank look. Jen sat there, hand and kayak soaked in her cum, watching her as the girl stopped rowing her canoe. She could feel her cheeks turning red, afraid of what the girl was thinking. Her mind raced with thoughts of what she just did. Frozen, she was perched there, unsure of what to say, IF she should say anything. It seemed as though time had stopped. The girl looked just as stunned. Jen watched as the river slowly carried the girl past the little island. Their eyes never left each other until the she floated out of view.
Completely dazed and light headed, Jen gathered up her remaining clothes and made sure they were secure. She didn't bother to put her panties or shorts back on. What did it matter? Her bra and shirt were already down river somewhere. She already masturbated in front of someone. Was she really going to care if someone else on this desolate river saw her naked? She didn't know whether she had gone mad or if she was just coming down from a sort of high. She felt strong, empowered, like she could do anything at this moment in time.