In the early 1990s, I was roommates with a nerdy friend named, Steven. He managed a local print shop in Seattle and his girlfriend, Ariadne (pronounced: Air-Eee-Add-Knee), worked at a small repertory theater, both in the Queen Anne neighborhood. One evening I got off work a few hours early and as I parked my car at our apartment building, I looked up and noticed a quick burst of light illuminating the closed curtains of my roommate's bedroom. Steven was an amateur photographer and I thought he was testing his strobes. He was always snapping photos and I didn't find it unusual to walk into our apartment to find Steven testing his camera gear. Well, I didn't find it unusual...until I opened the door to our apartment that evening.
As I stepped through the doorway, the only light that radiated beyond the darkness of our living room was a faint glow coming from Steven's bedroom down the hallway; his door was cracked open about three or four inches and I could hear music playing (synthesizer-driven, new wave stuff). Suddenly, FLASH, the hallway lit up for a split-second and returned to darkness just as quickly. I heard giggling and I knew he was in there with Ariadne.
Ariadne was an attractive eighteen-year-old blonde who recently graduated from high school; she worked at the theater after school but, she was promoted to full-time manager upon graduating. I thought she was really cute but I couldn't believe my roommate, who was kind of a geek, could be dating someone, so young and good-looking. I always made a point to check out her firm ass when she wore tight jeans and I tried to image what her small braless tits looked like under her tee-shirts. Unbeknownst to me, I was about to find out. FLASH! Another burst of light filled the hallway.
I removed my shoes and tiptoed down the hall towards Steven's door. I could hear Steven's voice over the music, "OK, stay just like that." Steven was always taking photos and I simply thought he was taking Ariadne's headshot for her work but I wasn't expecting what I was about to see. As I peered into Steven's room from the hallway, I could see the mirrored doors of Steven's closet and in the reflection was Ariadne lying on Steven's bed, completely nude with her legs spread. My heart skipped a beat and started pounding in my chest. I felt my cock immediately stiffen in my pants. Her pussy was covered in fine blonde downy hair. Her tiny, pert tits were topped with flawless little pink nipples, about an inch in diameter. I was shocked and excited at the same time. What in the heck were they doing?
Suddenly, in the reflection I saw Steven walk over to Ariadne. He was completely nude, as well, and his cock was hard, sticking straight out. I've seen my roommate in many social situations but I never imagined seeing him naked, let alone with a throbbing boner. Ariadne spread her legs wider as Steven positioned himself between them. He grabbed his cock with one hand and guided it towards Ariadne's little blonde muff. The bulbous head of Steven's cock was just pushing past Ariadne's tight little pussy lips when WHAM! Another flash lit up the room. She giggled and he pulled his cock out of her pussy and said, "Let's do another position, get on your hands and knees." Steven walked out of my line of sight but I knew he was setting the timer on his camera and preparing to take another photo of him and Ariadne having sex. Ariadne had a huge grin on her face as Steven got behind her and started humping. Smiling, Ariadne whipped her long hair away from her face as Steven slowly plunged and withdrew his cock from her barely legal pussy... then another burst of light filled the room.
Not only was Steven's cock hard as a rock, mine was uncomfortably throbbing between my thigh and khakis. Knowing Ariadne and Steven could not hear me over their loud music; I carefully unzipped my slacks and brought out my stiff cock and started masturbating while I watched them.
Ariadne was on her knees sucking Steven's cock when they finally ran out of film. Steven said, "That's it for tonight." As Ariadne continued to suck his cock, I found myself surprised that he had a muscular, yet, lean body, complete with six-pack abs. Running from his navel down to the base of his engorged cock was a pretty impressive amount of pubic hair that Ariadne's face keep disappearing into every time she took him all the way into her mouth. It could have been because he was thin but I was, also, sort of surprised to see how large and thick his erect cock was and couldn't believe that this young teenager was sucking him in and out of her mouth like a porn star.
Steven moved behind her and aimed his cock between the checks of Ariadne's tight ass until he found her two puffy pussy mounds and started fucking her from behind. I watched as Steven's cock slowly sunk all the way into Ariadne's tight hole. Ariadne moaned loader and lurched forward biting her pillow as Steven started pumping his cock in and out. With each thrust, Ariadne raised her firm ass checks, making sure she was taking all of Steven into her young body. With each push, Ariadne's firm ass checks would give a slight bounce. Steven suddenly started furiously slamming his meat into Ariadne from behind; her pert little titties jerked every time he crashed into her. I could tell from the looks on both their faces that they were about to cum. I was about to cum, as well, but I knew I couldn't shoot my load onto the hallway carpet. I removed my pants and held them with my left hand as I stroked my cock with my right.
I still couldn't believe it. I watched a lot of porn on VHS but here was my geeky roommate fucking this hot little teenager and I'm watching them in real life! Two months before, Ariadne was probably sitting in a high school classroom teasing her male classmates and teachers with her tight little ass and now I'm watching my roommate passionately work his cock in and out of her tight little pussy. Suddenly, Ariadne started bucking against Steven's cock and began loudly moaning, making sure Steven knew she was cumming. She collapsed on her stomach and Steven pulled out and started sliding his cock back and forth between her tight ass cheeks. His cock was sandwiched between her two firm mounds when the first blast of cum shot out of the swollen head of his cock and landed near Ariadne's neck. She looked over her shoulder and giggled as the cum ran down between her shoulder blades.
With my crumpled work pants balled in front of me, I pumped my first blast of cum into them as I watched the cum spurt out of Steven's cock. Steven shot four more loads, two more in the middle Ariadne's back and the last two across her butt checks; the cum ran between the crack of her ass towards her totally wet pussy. I drained my cock into my work pants and silently retreated to my bedroom while Steven and Ariadne lay in each other's arms, listening to DEVO sing "She's just a girl...she's just a girl...the girl you want."
Holy shit!! I had known Steven for years and thought he was sort of gay. A super-nice guy but not one I imagined girls would want to fuck and if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes, I never would have believed the lucky son-of-a-bitch was dumping his load in and on a beautiful teenage blonde on a regular basis.