"Every Inch!" He glares at her with a strict determination.
Monica's eyes continue to tear up at her acceptance of the situation. Although she hadn't predicted this particular dare to come from Ryan, it captured her imagination.
Until Duncan.
His cock was a whole other beast. Regardless, the entry and exits of his friends had increased her desires. If there had been more than six she might have lost her mind and self control. Even now she questions her continued sanity.
As Duncan introduces his first three inches ever so slowly, Rudy lowers his cell cam to record her pussy being stretched around his pop can sized girth. Her knees rose to Duncan's rib cage at his decision. It became harder for Rudy to record without getting too close to his cousin's manhood and become uncomfortable.
Her breasts crushed snugly together as her arms reach up to entwine Duncan's neckline.
"Look at you." He exhales into her emotionally trembling features, "So beautiful. I can read your thoughts. You want more don't you?"
"Of you. Yes." She nods with a snivel.
Three more inches imbed within her drenched pussy. She had handled eight inches without too much anxiety, but ten might be too much. Especially at his thickness. The discomfort was already building.
"More to go. That's maybe six inches. Four more. Tell me you want it all." Duncan's ego was stepping up to play.
"All of it. I can do this. I won't let Ryan down. He dared me to do this." She whines to get the whole array of words out.
"What if he had dared you to fuck me until I shot a load all over you? Would you have accepted that dare?"
She hesitates to swallow as another inch pushes forth.
"Ooh!" Her brows crease at her fullness. She isn't certain what to say. Part of her was horrified to do just this much. To admit more would trap her into it.
"Answer me." He huffs with a calm demeanor.
"Yes." Her heart sinks to admit her enjoyment.
"Jerome? Call 555-6969. Hand me Ryan once you have him on the line."
Her emotions weep harder as one more inch presses through. Her face becoming beet red.
"Yo Ryan. Duncan wants to talk to you." Jerome passes off his cell to Duncan.
"Sup, Ryan. She's doing great. I'm inside that juicy pussy right now. Not all the way in though. She wants another dare I think. Here you talk to her."
Monica's trembling makes it hard to hold the cell but she manages.
"Ryan?" She holds her breath to avoid crying.
On the other end Ryan asks, "Are you okay? Anyone hurting you?"
"N-no! I'm fine."
"You only have another fifteen minutes before I pick you up."
"Ryan? I need more than fifteen minutes. Can you get me at 11:00?"
Above her Duncan puckers his lips at her fearlessness.
"Are you sure?" Ryan stops his car on his final delivery to pull over.
"Give me another Dare Ryan. Really challenge me. Please."
His eyes stare at her request. He hadn't counted on this at all. How much could he push her without it being all the way?
"How much further should I go Monica?"
"I'll do whatever you dare me to. PUSH ME!" She increases her tone.
"Let me talk to Duncan."
The cell returns to Duncan.
"I'm here Buddy."
"Put me on speaker." Ryan requests. Duncan hands it up to Jerome to do so.
"It's on speaker." Jerome tells him.
"Monica? I DARE you to fuck Duncan. He stop's only if you're in agony."
The group silently whistle amongst themselves.
"I won't let you down Ryan. Challenge me more." She holder breath.
"More? Have you gotten everyone else off?"
"No. Only Rudy."
"Before I pick you up I dare you to let them all cum on your face and tits."
"Thank you Ryan." She wheezes as Duncan enters another inch.
"See you soon." Ryan hangs up.
Jerome shutting his cell off immediately starts jerking his monster back to life.
"Good girl. Now tell me how badly you want to orgasm." Duncan hisses.
"FUCK ME YOU SON OF A BITCH!" She growls gripping the sides of his face.
Without any further games he rams the rest of his ten inch cock into her. In response Monica screams and holds on for dear life. In and out of her, her mind reels and battles her sanity.
Duncan pounds her thighs hard until she cum's again and again each time crying out "FUCK ME!"
Finally he rears up from laying over her and motions his friends to surround her. The group all hover over her to the point Duncan could barely see her.
"Have a blast Fellas." Duncan chuckles while slowing his penetrations to give her a chance to breath. Still his left hand dangled in to massage her clit. The sensations kept her moaning.
Rudy who had his moment to shine earlier did his best to record small segments of the drama. All he could do was think, "Best porno ever."
Colby who stood at her left side near her face slapped his cock on her cheek as he stroked it. Her moaning so erratic her jaw was wide. He took advantage of it. Daringly he slid his crown into her mouth to press against her right inside cheek. Monica was taken off guard yet she had no strength left to argue. She felt his balls on her earlobe.
Mark had similar ideas and smacked his cock on her nose. Motioning for Colby to vacate Mark took his place from the other side. She accepted the abuse and gurgled on her own saliva. Laughter filled the room.
Duncan increased his momentum causing her to gusher all over his cock a second time. He had to grin at his buddies showing off the massive puddle on his table that was trickling on to the carpet below.
Colby chose to move back in beside Mark and do his best to introduce his cock into her mouth right next to his. Two crowns fit between her lips barely. Her jaw was widening to commit to her situation.
Jerome and Tyrell the two black giants squeezed her tits and pinched her nipples tight from her sides. Her entire body convulsing.
Suddenly, Duncan pulls out of her and motions Jerome over to secretly take his place. She was so lost in her facial dilemma that she didn't really notice the difference. It wasn't as if she could look and see anyway with her face blocked.
Jerome fucked her hard grinning like a man getting away with murder. He didn't take long before feeling like he was going to jizz so he pulled out and quickly moved out so Tyrell could enter her. Of similar size there was no difference.
Monica screamed as Colby shot cum into her mouth. Mark followed immediately.
Seeing them back out Tyrell pulled away for Duncan to resume his place between her legs. All of them stroked hard.
Monica had her nose pinched by Mark forcing her to swallow their loads. She struggled with such a mouth full. Above her face Rudy recorded her tongue full of cum.
Jerome and Tyrell blasted her tits in a spatter that looked like a carton of milk had been dripped all over them.
Finally everyone eased away to give Duncan his due.
"You're a mess." Duncan glares at her as his cock taunts her clit.
She gasps to swallow the final bit as her palms rub the cum on her tits all around. Fingers licked of their leftovers. Every man there admired her actions. Compliments ever so perverted.
Monica lays there convulsing while eying Duncan.
"I'm not ready just yet." He reaches over her to pull her up from the sticky table. He had noticed the time on a clock nearby.
Limply he carries her to his staircase and heads upstairs. His entourage got dressed quickly and followed him up.
Barbarically Duncan opens his front door with a bit of help from Mark. He then steps outside into the lights of his drive. Moving to the center of his yard he lowered Monica to her knees and arrogantly gripped her chin to force a glare.
"Suck my dick."
Zero hesitation. She swallowed as much as possible. Unhappy with her Duncan grabbed the back of her head and force fed her more. She literally vomited on his cock but kept at it. He finally released her skull and let her continue on her own.
As she feverishly continued Ryan pulled his car up to the curb and jumped out. He was unprepared to see things escalate to the outdoors. Gradually he got up enough nerve to step toward Duncan. The sheer mass of rippling muscles on every part of his body made Ryan worry. He knew there was no stopping him if he needed to. Between he and his entourage.
"Duncan? What's going on?" Ryan stood twelve feet away.
"Nothing that she doesn't want." He seemed cocky, "Isn't that right Debbie Dare Me?"
Monica waved her hand for Ryan to stay back. She was on a mission.
Ryan swallowed hard but kept his distance. He feared even looking over at Duncan's friends. Yet, he knew Rudy was recording video regardless. His stance was enough to know.
Eight minutes later Duncan fired off a rocket load of cum into her mouth. She pulls away and looks directly up at Duncan with her mouth wide open to share a view of his detonation. She opted to feed into his ego.
Duncan points at Ryan, "Show him what his dirty little slut is willing to do."
She turns on her knees in the grass to show him a vivid view of a flooded tongue. As soon as she did Duncan stepped over and gripped her jaw, tilting her head back, and pinching her nose. He made her swallow every drop.
Once satisfied he pulls her up and guides her limply over to Ryan.
"Take her home. Bring her by any time. I'm betting she might just want to. Right?"
She shivers under Ryan's arm pulling close to him.
"Dare me to stay the night." She whispers.
Flushed Ryan starts to dare her when she stops him, "At your house."
Duncan puckers at Ryan, "Looks like you're getting her the rest of the night. See you around, Buddy."
Unsure Ryan guides her to his car and helps her in. Once settled he closes the car door and races around to his own. Minutes later he drove away.
"Are you okay?" He looks her over.
"Perfect. That was the best sex I've ever had."
"Why did you ask me to push you that far?"
"I wanted that, Ryan. I wasn't positive at first but once I began it felt good."
"I thought sex was off the table."
"It was on the table tonight. Pun intended."
"Why my house?"
"Because I want you to fuck me too. I can't do that at my own house."
"Seriously?"
"Dare me."
He shakes his head and realizes his dad would be at home.
"I've got a better dare."
"What?"
"I dare you to fuck me in your bed. With your parents at home."
Monica's eyes bulge, "What the hell. Let's do it."
There was a definite change in Monica.
She let Ryan in through her bedroom window.
He was no comparison to Duncan but he did the job.
Even though she her moans were concealed, it was impossible not to be heard.
Still, her parents never questioned the noise.
Nobody cared that it was a school night.
Monica kissed Ryan with feeling.
"Ryan?" She whispers.
"Yeah?"
"Dare me more."
"I dare you to go to sleep."
She giggles lightly.
"Okay."