My wife is not the person most people think she is.
On the surface, Serenity is in many ways like any suburban professional woman her age. The image she presents to the world is highly conventional. Bland, even. To most people who know her, what's notable is she's a thirty-eight year old third grade teacher with a husband of six years. She tends to dress conservatively in lots of dark blue and grey. She's at the center of every school event, helping with plays, bake sales, and other fundraisers. She has a lot of casual friends, mostly colleagues, but few close ones. She volunteers at an animal rescue when she can, enjoys wine, loves cheese, and has recently taken up embroidery. She's sweet, caring, and remarkably pretty.
All that's true, of course, but scratch the surface and there's a lot more to Serenity. She's got a dark sense of humor and a penetrating wit. She's also mercurial in her impulsiveness, to the point where, when she's in one of her moods, it's exhausting to deal with. This is particularly true around matters of sex. Serenity, you see, is an insatiable slut, and I mean that as a sincere compliment.
My life with Serenity has been a wild ride, and I wouldn't have it any other way. When we met, we were both dating a lot of people - both men and women, in Serenity's case - but we clicked right away. We shared a lot of the same interests, grooved sexually, and, perhaps most important, were honest with each other.
Neither of us were suited for lifetime monogamy, so we made our own rules and it's worked out for us. We're the love of each other's lives, but not the only ones we have sex with. I've got a lady friend I see now and then and Serenity has both a girlfriend and a boyfriend. We had a mutual girlfriend for a time, too, but that's another story.
We've mixed in threesomes along the way. We've done the two girls and one guy variety plenty of times, and I've also enjoyed sharing her with other men on a few occasions. There's a special pleasure I get from banging her from behind while she sucks another guy's dick, or Serenity sucking my cock while the other dude fucks her.
Our latest adventure began on a night a few months ago, one like any other. It might've been a Wednesday. I came downstairs after showering. Serenity was in the kitchen on her laptop, nearly empty glass of wine on the table in front of her. She was still wearing the clothes she'd been in all day, a grey sweater over a white blouse and a navy blue shirt. Her high heels were kicked off and on the floor nearby. Her hair was in a ponytail, showing off the shape of her neck.
She'd gone from a full day of teaching to running a trunk-or-treat after school followed by a late dinner with a friend. How she looked so good after such a long day, I had no idea. Serenity has striking features, her diamond shaped face featuring prominent cheekbones and expressive lips. She's also got wide, dark brown eyes under exquisitely shaped dark eyebrows. Her long hair is black and straight and contrasts well with her light skin.
I saw flashing images on her glasses and could tell she was watching a video. As I passed by, I saw what kind.
It was a conventional scene, especially for Serenity's tastes. An attractive blonde was getting banged from behind while she panted and moaned for the camera.
"A little tepid compared to your usual porn habits," I teased.
"Yeah," Serenity agreed, pausing the video.
"I saw an article about this math teacher out in California somewhere." She drank the last sip of her wine. "She'd done a bunch of porn a few years ago. Helped her pay for college. Some asshole recognized her and outed her and now she's out of a job."
Serenity extended her arm, holding up her empty glass. It was a game we played. Instead of asking me politely to pour her another glass since I was headed that way, she'd hold it up in silence as if commanding a servant one cannot deign to speak to. I took the glass and she shot me a playful smile.
"So you had to look her up and see her videos for herself," I said.
"Yeah, duh. How could I not? Her scenes were all pretty vanilla, though. One guy at a time, a few lesbian scenes. Still, she's got a hell of a body and good moves. I guess she could always go back to porn."
I poured her a glass from the bottle on the island and handed it back to her. She took it, nodding absentmindedly. She was staring at the screen, the video still paused. The face of the woman on the screen was frozen in an expression of ecstasy. Serenity was silent, her index finger tapping her lower lip like she often does when lost in thought.
I poured my own glass of wine, taking a sip and waiting for Serenity to speak. When she gets like this, I know she's hatching a plan of some kind. That's how her mind works, silently working out the details of whatever it is she wishes to achieve in advance. When she finally speaks, it means she thinks she has figured out every detail. Usually, she's missed half a dozen things and changes her mind two or three times afterwards. It's par for the course with her.
"We can do this," she said, turning towards me. "We could pull this off!"
"You want to star in a porno and get fired?"
"No. I want to star in a porno and definitely not get fired. That's the thrill! I know it's weird, but I've told you I would've loved to do porn for a couple of years. You know, make some money during college and get to try everything under the sun under safe, controlled conditions. Threeways galore, lesbian orgies, four or five guys banging me at once. It's the damn subsequent societal consequences for being a pornstar I don't like."
"Yes, I know all about your pornstar fantasy. So we've discussed, many times. So, out with it, what're you proposing?"
"We should make a video."
"We've made videos."
"No, I want to make one to post online. Only we have to do it in such a way so we can't be recognized. Think of it! Think of all the people who would be watching us." She stared at the screen. "But this scene here is too simple, too pedestrian."
Serenity paused again, sipping her wine. I sat across from her. She got a far-away look in her eyes again, nodding slowly.
"Okay, I've got it," she said, smiling widely. "Here's the plan. I can put on a disguise. Whatever. I'll figure it out later. Then we'll film you and one of our gentleman friends banging the shit out of me. Yeah, that's what I want on video. That's what I want anyone to see and enjoy."
Serenity put down her wine, smiling widely.
"So whaddya say?" she asked, leaning forward with a wide smile on her face.
"I'm open to the idea," I said. "But we need to be smart. We have to be absolutely certain no one is gonna recognize you so twelve years of pension contributions don't go up in smoke when you're fired. It needs to be decent quality, too. I can't stand those amatuer videos that are all dark and grainy."
"Those are probably older videos but, yeah, we want this to look good. We also want it to be hot as fuck. I want thousands of guys to cum watching me get fucked from both ends. I'm sure a few girls will get off, too. Why didn't I think of this earlier? Fuck, this is making me horny."
***
In the days and weeks which followed, we worked out the details of Serenity's plan. She was excited at the prospect, and so was I.
"The more depraved you are," I told her, not for the first time. "The more it turns me on. The more I love you for it."
It's the truth. We're both people who love sex and seek out novelty. We also love flouting sexual convention on a deeper level. We live conventional lives in so many ways, a teacher and an attorney in a fairly upscale suburban community. Call it an act of rebellion against the conformity of our public personas, maybe also against the stifling upbringing we both endured. Or perhaps it's something hazier, something in the reptile part of my brain which makes me go crazy watching Serenity be a wild slut.
This was a whole other level, though. Serenity wanted to get publicly fucked, and in a threesome. She was going to post it online and who knows how many tens or hundreds of thousands of men would see her - would see us! - having sex.
We decided, too, that if we were going to do it, we were committed to doing it right. There was to be no half assing this. It would be done well, or not at all.
It all made us even hornier than usual. We lay in bed one evening after some particularly vigorous fucking, looking up at the ceiling discussing the project.
"It shouldn't be too scripted," she said. "Things should play out organically, for the most part. But, you know, there is a certain order one expects in a video like this. You know what I like in this particular combination, particularly for the grand finale."
"I do indeed."
***
Grant was the perfect choice for our third. He'd joined us before on two previous occasions, both times the three of us partaking in prolonged sex romps where he and I fucked the living shit out of Serenity. The last time, we made her cum half a dozen times and she couldn't walk right for two days.
Grant is also photogenic, with a lean physique that would look good on film. He has a good-sized dick, too, which isn't crucial to Serenity but it would look nice in the video. It helps that I'm also above average.
What we didn't want is anything distracting from the main event. No loud music or local television playing in the background, like you see in some amatuer porn. A significantly smaller dick than people are used to seeing could also be a distraction.
Grant would be in town for a few days a month after we'd proposed the idea to him, and was happy to be part of our endeavor. He's a professional musician and didn't see himself incurring any stigma even if he were recognized.
For the next four weeks, our preparations were a frequent activity. We researched video production techniques and methods, learning about lighting and camera angles. We were going to keep it simple but wanted it to look correct. We would make sure everything was well lit and would employ a pair of DSLR cameras on tripods and could merge the footage from both afterwards during the editing process. Serenity already knew how to use video editing software even though there was a lot more she still needed to learn. She worked on it diligently, though.
We decided to have music, choosing carefully and experimenting until the sound level was right. We also did a lot of trial runs, fucking in front of our set-up in various positions until we got the lighting, sound, and angles right. We would film in our bedroom but removed everything potentially identifying from view. We even bought a dark blue comforter which would look good on film.
There was also Serenity's disguise to consider. She put a lot of thought into the matter. All sorts of masks and hoods were available online and she briefly considered a cat mask which left the lower third of her face exposed. She decided it didn't obscure enough and went with a black nylon hood with open eyes and mouth as well as an opening for a ponytail. It fit tight, showing the shape of her head and looking hot in its own peculiar way. It was odd how, even though it obscured her identity, you could still tell she had an attractive face.
Serenity decided the hood would be part of an ensemble, pairing it with a black corset which left her breasts exposed along with black boots.
Serenity went further in constructing her disguise. She bought several sheets of temporary tattoos and selected flowers for her left shoulder and a group of butterflies for her right. She added sunflowers on her right calf and roses on her left. The choices were conventional, but looked good on her. The idea was to provide another layer of denial should anyone accuse her of being the woman in the video. She could point to herself on screen and to her own lack of body art. How can that be me? Look at all those tattoos!
Maybe it was paranoid, but it was also part of the game. Serenity wasn't only putting on a disguise, she was assuming a persona. She was embracing a secret self, as it were, the opposite of her demure public image. If the fake tattoos added to that while also further hiding her identity, so much the better.
I'd gotten out of the shower one night, pajama pants barely on and shirtless, when Serenity strode into the room in her ensemble. She loved to strike at such moments when I was freshly scrubbed and half naked.
"Well," she asked. "What do you think?"
I turned and took her in. I would've loved to see the look on my face. It made Serenity laugh.
"Based on that smile I'd say you like my outfit," she said.
"Uh-huh."
I sat on the edge of our bed, looking Serenity over carefully, absorbing the image of her like a connoisseur in front of a work of art. The black of her high heels, corset, and hood contrasted nicely with her fair skin. I smiled, scanning her carefully as she swayed gently, her dark eyes flashing and evil smirk on her face.
Above her stiletto heels were her fake tattoos, followed by her firm, toned thighs. Serenity is a long legged beauty, the heels and tattoos both accentuating that feature. She'd shaved her pussy, liking the hairless look on occasion. I nodded, noting the feminine curve of her hips and the way the corset enhanced it. Her tits - full C cups which look perfect on her long, slender frame - were in full view and hung down below the top of the corset. They couldn't have been more alluring, topped as they were by bright pink areola and erect nipples. The fake shoulder tattoos looked great, as well.
"Damn," I said. "You look so fucking hot."
"Do I now?" she said.
"Yeah."
"Well, I'm glad you think so. Imagine how hot I'll look when I'm sucking your dick."
I smiled, my cock swelling in anticipation, and she met my gaze. She'd done her make-up differently than normal, her dark eyes darker than usual and her lipstick a garish shade of bright red which would stand out on film.
"Let's record this for posterity, shall we?" she said.
Serenity strutted over to one of the tripods which were perpetually set up of late. I noticed she'd moved them recently, my spirit thrilling as I wondered what she might have planned for the evening. She turned one of the cameras on, then tapped it a few times activating the recording function. She sauntered towards the other one, pausing to wiggle her ass at me. She repeated the process with the second camera and stood before me.
Serenity thrust out one of her hips, hand placed provocatively upon it. The sides of her mouth turned upwards, her trademark impish smile. Slowly, the tip of her tongue emerged and she licked her lips slowly, her eyes locked onto mine.
"Stand, boy," she said.
I did so, waiting in silence. She stepped close to me, kissing my mouth roughly.
"I'm going to suck your dick," she said. "This is all about you tonight, babe. Enjoy yourself."
Serenity stepped back, eyes meeting mine as she kept grinning. She made me wait, not too long but enough, before dropping slowly to her knees in front of me. She pulled down my pajama pants, taking the boxers underneath along with them.
My cock was half hard already. Serenity took it in hand and stroked me up to full hardness. She studied it, feigning surprise at its size even though she knew well every contour and vein along its length.
Serenity began by extending her tongue outward, licking the tip of my cock before twirling her tongue around the head. She went slowly, only partly performing for the camera. She knew how to get me excited, starting with agonizing slowness until I was a mass of pent-up horniness. Then Serenity would pounce.
It was no different that evening, her tongue running over the tip of my cock and her hand holding the shaft gently. She kissed it several times, also flicking it with her tongue, teasing me.
Serenity knew the time had arrived and she plunged into it. Damn, when that woman puts her focus into sucking a dick there's nothing else like it. She took me into her mouth, lips clamped around my cock. She managed to get most of its length into her mouth, her hand grasping the base.
She backed off, all the way to the tip, sucking me at a steady rhythm. It was odd seeing the top of her black hood moving forwards and backwards on my cock as I stood there, her ponytail swaying in tandem to her head's motion. The anonymity of her disguise was part of the performance, on one level an illusion but the physicality of her warm, wet lips on my cock reminded me this was no mirage.
Serenity increased her pace, her mouth moving back and forth with increasing rapidity as she did so. I was thrusting forward gently in time to her sucking, groaning regularly. She continued with eager determination. I could feel her teeth scraping the top of my cock as she did so. It didn't hurt, but it was something she did sometimes when she got excited sucking a cock.
We were both enjoying ourselves immensely by this point, Serenity revelling in the sheer debauchery of being costumed as she was recording herself on her knees sucking my dick. We kept at it that way for some happy minutes. I didn't know how long, and didn't care. Serenity was in no rush, and neither was I.
Serenity withdrew her mouth from my cock, jerking me off before pointing it upwards and licking the underside from my balls to the tip. She ran her tongue back down and up again to the tip, repeating the process a few times followed by more jerking.
Serenity took me back into her mouth, sucking furiously now. I was ready to cum and she knew it, her hooded head going back and forth over my cock with renewed intensity. She angled her head and stared up at me, dark eyes meeting my gaze as she sucked my dick. She knew that move always did it for me, and this time was no exception. I smiled at her and she winked.
She kept sucking, her hand still jerking the base in tune to her mouth working its magic. I could feel my orgasm approaching. She knew my inclinations well, and could tell by the tone of my groaning she had me close to the goal. She kept sucking hard, listening until she knew I was close.
"Goddamn," I moaned. "I'm gonna cum."
Serenity kept her mouth on my cock for a few more moments. Normally, she would swallow my cum. In fact, she almost always did so. Tonight she had something different in mind, however, withdrawing and jerking me off hard as I felt the orgasmic tide rising to the point of imminent arrival.
I grunted loudly, Serenity taking that as her cue. Pausing in her jerking, she felt my cock throbbing in her hand and a jet of warm cum shot forth and hit her on her chest right below her collarbone. Giving my cock another jerk, more cum hit landed on her tits as I sighed. Each pulse of my cock was another wave of pleasure, Serenity stroking me slowly as the orgasm slowly subsided.
Serenity looked up at me, laughing in the joy of the moment. She turned and looked at the camera. She scooped up some of my cum with her finger and licked it off, smiling again as she stared into the lens.
***
Serenity stayed up later than usual the next night, glued to her laptop splicing and editing footage from the night before into a coherent whole. We sat in bed when it was finished and watched it together.
The end product was ten minutes long, and looked well-produced even with only two angles. I found myself swiftly aroused as we watched it together. We'd made videos together before and always enjoyed watching them, but this was something else entirely.
"Wow," I said when the video was finished.
"I know," Serenity said. She turned to me. "I think we should go ahead and post this one, too. I mean, why not? It looks good and we can't be identified."
"I thought you didn't want to post anything too vanilla?" I said. "That you wanted it to be the threesome."
Serenity waved her hand and shrugged.
"Changed my mind," she said. "I still want to do the threesome and post it, of course, but since we've got this video and all we might as well. I'm thinking of it as a prelude."
"You sure?" I asked, though I knew the answer. It was vintage Serenity, changing plans on the fly.
"Damn right I'm sure. I can post it in five minutes, then it takes a day or two before it appears live on the site. What do you think?"
"I think you should sleep on it. You can always post it tomorrow."
"You're right," she sighed, closing the laptop.
***
Serenity's profile on the website declared herself the "Secret Suburban Slut" and included a brief introduction she wrote. It was mostly truthful but included just enough mistruths to conceal her identity. She said she was an accountant, not a teacher. Under "location" she put Maryland whereas in truth we live in Connecticut. She referred to herself as a Gemini even though she was born in December. That sort of thing, the type of harmless deception she was treating as a game.
"I could be any woman you know," her profile's description concluded. "I could be your neighbor, a friend or colleague, perhaps the lady you sometimes see at the supermarket. I could be the woman walking her dog past your house or the one standing in line behind you at Starbucks. I could be your wife's sister or her cousin. You could be on the treadmill next to me at the gym or behind me at a traffic light, but you'll never know.
"But here's the thing: I'm not the only secret suburban slut. Scattered amidst the soccer moms, professional women, and even minister's wives of our land are many women who are the same as I, lustful ladies with filthy ambitions. Hungry for the raw fucking we need from as many cocks as we can handle. We've always been there, in every generation, hiding in plain sight if only you know where to look."
Serenity posted the video the following evening and two days later it went live. It only got a few hundred views the first day, ten upvotes to one down. After a week, there were nearly fifteen hundred views and fifty upvotes compared to two downvotes. A pair of comments praised her tits.
"People into amatuer porn like it," she observed. "By which I mean, real amatuer porn. Regular people recording themselves fucking and posting it online, not freelance pornstars with their own websites and subscribers. Goddamn, I couldn't stop thinking about it all day. All those people watching me suck your dick. It drives me so fucking crazy." I liked it, too, but the reality of having the video public drove Serenity out of her mind. It cranked her sex drive to an entire new level. She wanted to fuck every night and I knew she was using her vibrator on herself as soon as she got home from work which was an hour before me. She'd sit at her desk, skirt pulled up as she fucked herself while watching the video.
The sexual energy around the house was intense as the date with Grant neared. The anticipation kept Serenity in a constant state of horniness that daily fucking would not abate.
We lay in bed after some particularly intense sex on the Thursday before Grant's visit. Serenity lay with her head on my chest and I had my arm over her shoulder. She spoke of how much she was still enjoying the thought of people online watching us.
"I want to do a whole series of videos," she said. "It sends such a thrill through me. All this time, I never knew I had such an exhibitionist fetish."
"You think so? You never showed interest in this before?"
"I hadn't ever thought about it, but yeah. I've always been turned on by the idea of being watched but never thought about a mass audience. It hits me deep."
"What about your pornstar fantasy?"
"That was always about all the things I could get to try and get paid for. I never thought about the audience. Not until now."
"Right out of the blue, just like that?"
"Sometimes that's how it is. A light turns on sexually one day and you're like, 'wow, that's something I never thought about but it must be incredible.' That's how it is. It's like that time with Samantha."
Samantha was Serenity's girlfriend.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"You don't remember? Her whole life, she never thought about getting peed on. Didn't even register on her erotic radar. Then last year, she saw a video of a girl getting pissed on by another girl and she decided she wanted me to pee on her. It's not my kink but, hey, I'm GGG so of course I obliged. It drove her nuts. I've never seen her so aroused."
"You didn't tell me any of that."
She lifted her head and looked at me.
"Are you sure?" she asked.
"Yeah," I laughed. "Cause I think I'm fairly certain I'd remember that particular anecdote."
***
We expected Grant around six. The three of us would have a nice dinner, a glass of wine or two, and adjourn to the bedroom for the main event. On those occasions when we play with a third, we treat that person like the honored guest they are. They deserve it. Besides, dinner and conversation build anticipation. All those little glances and smiles and flirty or filthy remarks make the sex sweeter than if our guest simply walks in the door and we all jump right into bed.
I heard Grant's car pull into our driveway and Serenity greeted him at the door with a hug. They kissed warmly and he stepped toward me. We hugged and shook hands.
"You guys look great," he said, taking a moment to check Serenity out. She was wearing a dark blue dress and her hair was in a tight bun.
"You look pretty good yourself," she told him. "Come in, come in. Take off your jacket. How does some wine sound?"
Grant is similar to me in appearance but also different in a few ways. We're the same age, with similar fit builds, but that's where the similarity ends. My Neopolitan heritage has given me olive skin and dark hair, whereas Grant's Scottish ancestry left him with a ruddy complexion and bright red hair. I keep my hair buzzed tight whereas Grant's hair is an unruly ginger mop.
We settled into dinner and conversation, eager anticipation in the air as we ate. We enjoyed a light but tasty meal, nothing too heavy or rich. Later, when the sex was over, we'd enjoy a snack - Grant was an ice cream fan, and we had a gallon of his favorite flavor in the freezer - but for now the dinner was about friendship more so than sustenance.
We finished our meal, lingering over a second glass of wine afterwards. Grant was interested in knowing where the video idea came from. Serenity refreshed our glasses and left the room, returning with her laptop. I told Grant how we'd already made one video as she brought up the site and clicked on the video. Placing the laptop on the table facing Grant, she clicked play.
"You boys watch that while I get ready," she said, downing the last of her wine. "Come upstairs when it's over."
Serenity cast me another of her wicked smirks and left the room again. Grant leaned back, smiling as the video progressed. On the screen, Serenity was in her disguise sucking my dick. Grant nodded and glanced at me.
"My friend," he said. "You are one lucky fuck."
"I know."
We watched the rest of the video. I knew I was growing hornier by the minute and kept glancing at the time remaining, eager to get upstairs. I'm sure Grant felt the same way. When the video was finished we glanced at each other.
"Shall we?" I said.
Serenity was waiting for us upstairs. She was in her outfit, complete with fake tattoos. Her makeup accentuated her dark eyes and exaggerated the redness of her lips. Carefully selected instrumental rock was playing in the background at the perfect volume for the video.
"Just forget the cameras, boys," she said. "Enjoy yourselves. Now strip down."
We did as told, calmly disrobing. Grant and I were soon naked, our clothing tossed aside. I was already half hard with anticipation and so was Grant.
Grant decided to go sans disguise, but I wanted to conceal my identity. My face didn't appear on the first video so it hadn't been an issue. For this video I put on a partial mask which covered my eyes and nose Lone Ranger style.
"Okay, boys," Serenity said. "Let's get this going. Come at me."
Grant and I approached her from either side. Serenity licked her lips and looked at each of us in turn, her eyes darting back and forth. She kissed Grant - guests first, after all - and it was hot watching their lips and tongues all over each other. I moved in close to her and she turned her face towards mine. We kissed long and hard, my body pressing against her as Grant did the same from her other side. She turned back to him and they kissed again. Turning her head, she kissed me once more. It grew intense, our tongues dancing. Then it was back to her kissing Grant as I kissed her neck.
I was trying to forget the camera but I knew it must have looked hot on camera. In these sorts of scenarios in porn, I always enjoy when the woman takes turns kissing both men as a warm up. It can be hard to find, though, and extended passionate kissing in a straight MMF threesome is rare. That was one of the reasons we were going to include plenty of it, one way to stand out.
It turned Serenity on, too, and she moaned. We kept at it, her mouth going back and forth between Grant and I. I'd enjoy her tongue for ten or maybe fifteen seconds and then it was Grant's turn. I'd kiss her neck during those times, just as Grant did when Serenity was kissing me. At one point, we were both kissing her neck while four four male hands roamed her body.
"Fuck, this is so hot," Serenity sighed, her mouth partly open and tongue resting on her lower lip.
We continued, savoring the sensuality of the experience. Whether it was getting to enjoy Serenity's wet, eager tongue, or the unique pleasure of seeing her kissing another man, it had me ready to move on even while never wanting the phase to end.
Serenity knew how to transition to the next stage, though. She took hold of our cocks, one in each hand, and stroked them. I kissed Serenity's mouth hard, my dick springing to full erectness as Grant kissed her neck and nibbled her earlobe.
"It's time to get these cocks wet," Serenity moaned.
She kissed each of us again and looked at the camera. Smiling, she dropped to her knees. Grant and I took up positions to either side of her. Serenity and I had practiced where to stand or kneel and had let Grant know all he had to do was follow our lead, which he did. We were thus perfectly positioned with our cocks pointing at Serenity's face from either direction.
Serenity stroked our cocks, still looking at the cameras. She turned her face towards Grant and took him into her mouth. I watched as she sucked his cock, taking her time. He took a deep breath and moaned and closed his eyes as Serenity treated him to a nice, long suck. She held my cock in her left hand the entire time, stroking me gently as her right hand gripped the base of Grant's dick. She sucked him for more than thirty seconds - thirty-five, according to the video - but I was in no rush for my turn. There is joy, after all, in the building of excitement and the knowledge of imminent pleasure.
My turn came soon enough, Serenity taking my cock into her mouth and sucking me in the same unrushed manner in which she sucked Grant's cock. She jerked Grant steadily the entire time as her hooded head going back and forth on my dick.
Serenity turned back to Grant, sucking him faster than before as she jerked me off. She sucked him for maybe ten or fifteen seconds, then it was back to me. Her mouth slid back and forth along my length as she jerked Grant off. She returned to him, her head going back and forth on his cock while her hand jerked my own wet dick rapidly.
Serenity mixed things up, too, licking the underside of Grant's dick and repeating the move on me. She jerked both wet cocks at the same time, licking her lips and giving the camera one of her devilish smirks.
She plunged her mouth onto our cocks again, sucking each of them in turn. She was enjoying herself, revelling in the pleasure she was giving and in the sexual power she had over us. She's told me about it, describing the feeling of being so sexy not one but two men were held in her thrall and of being so much the horny slut one cock, no matter how spectacular, wasn't enough for her. Not to mention she was endeavoring to share this with the world, however anonymously.
Serenity continued to throw in plenty of variety. She would go for stretches where she gave each of us lengthy sucks, then she would switch to going rapidly back and forth between our cocks. It was delightfully random. She might jerk us both off, at one point jerking me as she pointed Grant's cock upwards and licking his balls. She gave me the same treatment but after an interval of sucking each of our cocks for five or six seconds before switching, over and over again.
I could've enjoyed it for hours on end. A short interval of her warm mouth on my cock, then her hand, followed by her mouth again; all of it was intensely arousing. But the slow rhythm of how Serenity went about it kept Grant and I from coming anywhere near orgasm. If she were so inclined, she could have kept us hard longer than we might've thought possible.
Grant and I grew restless, though, and the scene shifted from her blowing us to the two of us taking turns fucking her face. There is a difference, of course. Where earlier she was setting the pace and sucking our cocks with leisurely passion, we shifted to thrusting into her mouth with unbridled lust.
The transition from blowjob to face fucking was subtle yet deliberate. I started thrusting against her mouth and she responded with an audible moan. I placed my hands on the sides of her head, fucking her mouth. I turned her head back to Grant and he repeated the process. Back and forth we went time after time for several minutes. Serenity loved every moment of it.
Stimulating as it was, it was time to move on. Serenity stood, a cock in each hand. She kissed us each in turn, myself first. Her kiss was aggressive and eager, the double blowjob she'd performed working her up into a lather. I was sure the cameras had some part, too.
Serenity and Grant shared a long kiss as I squeezed her tits from behind and nibbled the back of her neck. She sighed, breathing in deeply.
"Okay," she sighed. "Let's move on, boys. I can't take it anymore."
We paused, Serenity and I moving the cameras and readjusting them to switch from the action in front of the bed to what was going to happen on top of it. We'd rehearsed the adjustment so many times it took under ten seconds and didn't interrupt the mood. For me, it was a simple matter of picking up one of the tripods, bringing it over to a spot marked by painter's tape on the carpet, and adjusting the zoom. This would all be edited out of the final video, of course.
I looked up and Serenity was already climbing into bed. She lay with her back partially propped up on several pillows, her legs spread as she rubbed her clit with her thumb. Grant lay on her right side and I took the left. We kissed her in turn and I took her left tit into my mouth and sucked hard on her nipple. Grant's hand squeezed her right tit as they made out. I gave Serenity's nipple a bite and slid down further.
I got into position to eat her pussy, newly shaved and smooth, laying on my stomach as I lowered my face into place. She was still kissing Grant, his hands moving back and forth between her breasts as their mouths and tongues enjoyed each other's talents. I gave her pussy a long, slow lick starting at the bottom and going all the way up to her clit.
I licked her in a nice, steady rhythm, taking my time. She was already drenched with arousal, her musty aroma filling my nostrils as my tongue kept at it going up and down with increasing speed. I looked up again to find Grant had gotten onto his knees, Serenity's head turned and sucking on his cock. I smiled and slid my tongue over her clit. There was something about this particular combination - performing cunnilingus while the woman performed oral sex on the other man - I'd always found appealing. We'd done it before and I found myself taken aback by what a turn-on it was. Who knows why.
I focussed my attention on her clit, pressing my tongue hard against it moving up and down. I slid a finger inside her, breasts heaving as she inhaled. She paused sucking Grant, her eyes closing.
"Oh, fuck," she moaned. "That's it, baby. Eat my pussy. Eat my wet fucking pussy. Make me fucking cum."
I kept at it, licking her clit and fingering her with increasing speed and purpose. She kept sucking Grant's cock throughout, pausing a few times,
"That's it, baby," she cried, jerking him off. "Eat that fucking wet pussy."
Serenity was more vocal than usual. She was playing it up for the camera, of course, but it wasn't phoney. It was all part of the fun, the act of performance.
I kept at her clit and fingered her hard. Lifting my head, I took the thumb from my spare hand and rubbed her clit while fingering her with two fingers. That was the key which always unlocked Serenity's door. It took barely a minute before she'd withdrawn from Grant's cock and was moaning loudly as she jerked him off.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," she repeated rapidly. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck."
This was no act, her repeating "fuck", but her usual giveaway she was about to cum. Sure enough, she inhaled sharply and grew silent. I kept at her clit, rubbing it hard with my thumb as the fingers on my other hand fucked her pussy relentlessly. I felt her pussy contract and she let out a long squeal.
"I'm cumming," she gasped. "I'm cumming. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck."
She exhaled, a relieved smile on her face.
"That was so fucking good," she said.
Serenity returned to sucking Grant's cock. I kept fingering Serenity's pussy, withdrawing one of my fingers and fucking her slowly with it. I kissed her pussy and sat up. It was everyone's cue to shift to a new position. Serenity took the lead, getting on her hands and knees. I happened to be behind her ass and Grant in front of her. He would have to wait a few more minutes before fucking her pussy, I supposed, but I resolved not to be too greedy and wouldn't make him wait too long. Besides, getting banged from behind was a guaranteed second orgasm for Serenity. I could get her close enough so that, when Grant and I switched places, he'd finish the process and get to enjoy making her cum.
I licked my hand and stroked myself, getting nice and wet. Moving into position behind Serenity, I guided my cock towards her pussy. She was still soaked and the head of my dick entered her without difficulty. I withdrew before pushing all the way inside her.
I took in the scene as I fucked Serenity. First was the sight of her hot ass thrust upwards and my dick entering her, not to mention the warmth of Serenity's pussy on my cock. There was also the sound of my hips slapping against her ass as we fucked mixed in with the music playing on the speaker and the three of us moaning and grunting in assorted ways.
What drew my gaze, however, was the back of Serenity's hooded head as she got face fucked, Grant's hands on the sides of her head as he thrust into her mouth in time to her sucking.
I fucked Serenity harder, unable to hold back. I was lost in the moment and soon found myself hammering her with enthusiastic vigor. The sheer debauchery of what we were doing, not to mention the cameras recording it all, thrilled me. This was the raw, animal sex Serenity and I loved.
I made eye contact with Grant and nodded. He understood and we both backed off Serenity and switched positions. He fucked Serenity from behind while I lay down with my back propped on the pillows. Serenity lowered her mouth onto my cock and sucked, her hand grasping the base of the shaft.
I sighed, enjoying the view. As much as I loved hammering her pussy, I also enjoyed watching Serenity get fucked. There she was, her head going up and down on my cock steadily as Grant was pounding her from behind. It's always been about the visual for me more than nearly any other aspect of sex, and the sight of my dick in her mouth while Serenity gets fucked is a favorite. I took in every detail, wanting to remember this moment with perfect recollection. I wanted to commit to memory the lovely sight of Serenity being so sexually voracious and unabashed, of her being the opposite of what so many people must think she's like in private.
Serenity lifted her head, sighing deeply. I know her well enough to know she was close to cumming again.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck," she rattled on. "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck."
She inhaled deeply, eyes closed tight as Serenity enjoyed her second orgasm of the night. She lowered her head onto my hip, jerking my wet cock off the entire time.
"Holy shit," she said when she'd recovered, smiling at me as she continued jerking my cock.
Serenity took me into her mouth again, sucking at an increased pace as Grant kept fucking her. The three of us fell into a vigorous rhythm, unchained lust reaching a crescendo.
I could have cum easily, squirting warm semen into Serenity's throat and I'm sure Grant wouldn't have taken much longer to finish. Serenity, however, had other plans. She lifted her head off my cock, smiling as her eyes practically shone. The expression on her face of prideful slutiness was apparent even under her mask.
Serenity propped herself up on her elbows and twisted her head back to glance at Grant.
"Hey babe," she said. "Why don't you get on your back and let me climb on top?"
Grant smiled, smacking her ass playfully before withdrawing. He lay on his back, jerking off as he waited for Serenity to get into position. She crawled on top of him and lowered herself onto his cock. They both let out a happy sigh and Serenity began slowly bouncing up and down on his cock, back straight and tits bouncing lazily. I stood next to her and she smiled, taking hold of my dick and stroking it as she rode Grant.
"I love both your big cocks," she moaned, hamming it up for the cameras.
I stepped closer and Serenity sucked my cock, her lips sliding back and forth on the shaft. I groaned, thrusting in time to her sucking. Glancing down, I savored the sight of Serenity's head bobbing on my cock as she rode Grant and her gorgeous tits heaved.
"Holy shit," I sighed.
It went on that way for a few minutes, lust continuing to simmer. I was awash with anticipation for the grand finale, for Serenity had made it clear how she wanted it to end. She glanced up at me and nodded.
"You know what I want, baby," she said.
I smiled and backed off. Serenity leaned forward atop Grant, riding him faster as he grabbed her ass. Lowering her head, she kissed him hard. It was a hot scene to behold as I tended to my own tasks. I squeezed some lube onto my finger and then over her asshole. She slowed her riding of Grant to allow me to smear the lube around her butthole. I did so, slowly pushing a finger into her ass.
Serenity groaned and I kept prepping her butt. I fingered her gently, moving it in a circular motion to stretch out her asshole. Next went a second finger, another squirt of lube, and more stretching.
"I'm ready," she said. "I'm ready for your cock in my ass."
I squirted more lube onto dick, smearing it over my cock and tossing the tube aside. Moving into position, I took a deep breath. It wasn't the first time we'd tried a double penetration, but every occasion we did so felt momentous.
I pushed the head of my cock against her lubed-up anus and eased my way inside her ass. Her butthole was like a fist gripping my cock, the tightness my favorite aspect of anal sex. I backed off, then pushed in again, repeating the process and entering Serenity's ass deeper each time. Soon I was all the way inside her fucking her gently.
Underneath Serenity, Grant was thrusting up into her. That's always the odd part about a double penetration, not just the awareness of a second cock inside the woman you are fucking but actually feeling it in there. It can freak you out the first time, but you have to ignore it for the sake of enjoying the deviant nature of the act.
Serenity responded at once with a long gasp transitioning into a low, steady moan as Grant and I fucked her.
"Omigod," she cried. "Holy shit."
I quickened my pace, Grant matching me. I put a hand on each of Serenity's ass cheeks, grabbing them as I fucked her. She lowered her face down and was kissing Grant roughly as we both fucked her. I couldn't see much from my position, but on the video it was all captured nicely. Their tongues danced and their lips wrestled as I fucked Serenity ass while Grant's cock thrust up into her pussy.
I fucked her harder, Grant giving it his all underneath Serenity. She was moaning and wailing as loud as I'd ever heard her. It didn't take long before she was gasping in delirious pleasure, her tell tale signs showing me her third orgasm was looming.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck fuck," she moaned.
Then she gasped and grew almost silent, as though she couldn't breathe. I kept fucking her the entire time, a mass of lust and frustration eager for release. She finally exhaled, her orgasm complete.
"Holy shit I came so fucking hard," she moaned. "Goddamn! Fuck me, boys. Fuck me!"
I couldn't hold back. Between the feel of her tight anus and the warmth of her ass on my cock, her screaming, Grant fucking her pussy, and the cameras it was all too much to resist. I felt my orgasm approaching and started moaning. Serenity knows my cues as well as I know hers and she knew I was close.
"Cum on my ass," she told me. "Cum on my ass."
Normally I'd shoot my load up her ass. Serenity wanted the theatrical money shot, though, and her words were her way of reminding me. I kept pounding her hard, the orgasmic threshold rapidly approaching. Upon its arrival I pulled out, jerking my cock furiously. A few seconds later I came, my cock throbbing powerfully in my hand and a squirt of cum shooting out and landing on one of Serenity's ass cheeks. I jerked it again, producing another jet of cum onto her ass. My cock throbbed several more times, gradually receding as sweet relief overtook me.
I stepped aside and let them finish. They switched positions, Grant on top fucking Serenity as she lay on her back. I remained off camera, glancing in the viewfinder and taking in the scene.
Serenity looks hot when she's getting fucked, screaming and moaning as her tits heave. Grant, for his part, was fucking her hard and was soon moaning loudly. He backed off, pulling out of her and straightening up. Jerking his cock, he let out a low gasp and came all over Serenity's corset, white cum on black vinyl. She lay still for a moment, turning and looking into the camera and licking her lips. She was silent as she stared into the cameras.
"Wow," she said at last, smiling. "That was amazing. Goddamn."
I turned off the cameras as Serenity stood and peeled off her hood. She started to take off her corset.
"I'm so fucking sweaty under this costume," she said. "I'm going to run through the shower. If you guys want to fuck me again when your ready, off camera, I'm game."
Serenity unzipped her corset, tossing it aside. She pulled off her shoes, then paused at the door of the bathroom.
"Of course," she said. "If you boys would like to join me in the shower to get things going, that's also fine."
***
"Here we go," Serenity said.
We were sitting at the kitchen table, her laptop open before her. It was more than a week after we made the video with Grant. Serenity had worked on editing it since, diligently blending footage into a seamless whole. We watched the final product together. Halfway through, unable to hold back, we paused the footage and fucked like animals. We finished watching the rest afterwards.
Now we were sitting together in the kitchen ready to submit the video. Serenity took a deep breath and clicked the button. The video was in review and would be live in a day or two.
What a limbo to be in! You know the video is going to go public soon, but you don't know exactly when. It is enjoyable in its own peculiar way, though, wondering when your latest sexual adventure becomes public masturbatory material.
I was leaving a meeting with a client when Serenity texted me.
"We're live!" it said.
I checked the website later that day, watching the views climb. Thousands of people, perhaps all around the world, were watching Serenity getting fucked by two men.
Two nights after it debuted, Serenity sat up in bed. She opened the window on her laptop, her eyes wide as she waited.
"Two thousand more views today alone," she announced, a wicked smile crossing her face.
"Happy?" I asked her.
"Fuck, yeah! I'm ecstatic. That's thousands of people today alone who've seen it. All those people out there, watching me get fucked, get fucking DPed, and jerking off to it. Cumming! It makes me so fucking hot thinking about it."
"Me, too."
Serenity looked at me, her devilish smirk widening into a smile. She raised an eyebrow, always a sign she was horny.
"Let's fuck while we watch it again," she said.