Like the previous chapters in this story, it will make a lot more sense if you read the earlier chapters first, but it also stands alone.
*****
Ellen
I woke up in Lily's arms, naked in the sunshine on one of the chaise lounges in our back yard. Her eyes fluttered and she let out a contented sigh, "Ahhhhhhhh," as I brushed her hair out of her face with my fingers.
"We'd better get cleaned up," I said. "I'm meeting John for dinner at the club."
"Me too, Cliff. What about him?" She glanced in Steve's direction, sprawled out on his back, sound asleep, as naked as we were. He looked like a statue of an exhausted Greek warrior, except instead of a fig leaf, he wore a condom, dangling from his limp penis. The end was full, proof of the success of his exertions on us.
"Looks like he could use a rest, let's not disturb him," I said as I leaned over, "But we should dispose of this properly," as I kissed him on the forehead and gently plucked the heavy condom off of his member. "Want a taste?"
"I dunnow," Lily said dubiously. "Never tried it. Cliff's always trying to get me to."
"You should, I'll save you some," I said, as I tilted my head back, stuck out my tongue, and squeegeed about half the contents into my mouth. "It's good, although I have to admit, a lot better straight from the source."
Lily took the condom from me with a dubious look on her face, but she opened her mouth and squeezed the rest of Steve's cum into her mouth. "Ugh, bitter," she said as she made a face.
"That's the taste of the rubber. The semen doesn't taste bad at all," I said. "Grab your clothes and let's go get in the shower."
Lily bent over to pick up her dress and panties, presenting me with a beautiful view of her butt cheeks framing an obviously well used pussy. Steve was right, she might be skinny as a rail, but she looked damn fine naked. Hard to blame him for pounding her the way he did, but I couldn't help feeling a pang of jealously.
My lover had just fucked my best friend! Well, I did get to watch, actually participate, and I did tell him to do it. Seriously, how could he cheat on me when I was cheating on my husband, with him? What was I worried about? I didn't know, but I wasn't sure if I liked it.
As I thought this over, I led her inside the house and up the stairs to the master bedroom and into the bath. I turned on the shower, dropped the condom in the toilet and flushed it. The water was warm by then, and we both stepped in. A few minutes ago we had been sleeping in each other's arms stark naked, but now the spell was broken and we shyly retreated to opposite corners of our walk-in shower and started rinsing off with our backs to each other. I put some shampoo on my hair, and handed her the bottle. Her butt looked like a teenage boy's.
When I was clean, I stepped out and grabbed a couple of big towels, wrapped myself in one, and handed the other to Lily after she turned off the water and stepped out. She covered up immediately.
"Lily," I said. "Are you sorry for what just happened?"
"Oh God no, that was just about the sexiest thing that's ever happened to me," she said, but then looked down and mumbled, "But I'm not sure what to think about it. I'm confused."
"Confused about what?" I asked.
"About whether I should steal your lover for myself, or..." she dropped her towel, looked me straight in the eyes and kissed me full on the lips. "Or fuck you again right now," as she tugged my towel down, exposing my breasts.
I pushed her gently away. "We don't have time for that, but I have to admit, it doesn't sound like a half bad idea. The fucking me part, anyway."
"On the other hand," I said in a steely voice, "I might let you borrow him from time to time, but if you try and take Steve away from me, I'll break your skinny ass in two and throw the pieces in the street for the dogs to chew on."
Lily chuckled. "Deal," she said, picked up her towel, and started drying off. Her tiny breasts with the big nipples weren't too small to jiggle enticingly as she did.
John
When our foursome got to the little gazebo in the woods between the green of the 9th hole and the tee for the 10th, Barb was waiting for us with a jug of iced tea and a cooler full of ice and beer. We had an arrangement, and she had driven around on the service road in her Rambler station wagon to deliver it.
We had a late tee time, and by the time we got there it was blazing hot and we were all as thirsty as could be. And horny, having spent the first nine holes complaining to each other about our wives' disinterest in sex, and telling highly exaggerated stories about all the pussy we were getting on the side.
We had an arrangement with Barb for that too, and soon as she saw us trudging towards the gazebo, dragging our golf bags on wheels behind us, she took off her blouse and bra, and greeted us topless dressed in just white sneakers and navy blue short shorts. The tan lines from her bikini nicely emphasized her perky tits, B-cups I would guess. Smaller than Ellen's, but they were both the same size, topped off with beautiful pink nipples.
"Well boys, what'll it be? Beer, tea, or me?"
"Tea first," we said, as Cliff stepped towards the bushes, unzipped and let fly a satisfying stream. When he was done, he didn't bother to zip up, just turned towards Barb with his prick sticking out of his pants. She handed us each a glass of iced tea, and without a word, got down on her knees and started sucking on his rapidly stiffening member.
Cliff just stood there, drinking his iced tea like getting blown in front of his buddies was a perfectly normal thing to be doing on the golf course. Actually, for us it was. Like I said, we had an arrangement with Barb.
Cliff grunted, and she pulled him out of her mouth and expertly pushed his dick to one side as he started shooting his cum onto the grass beside her. We all knew that it was Cliff's fantasy to come all over her face and tits, but she wasn't having any of that, and she milked him dry without getting a drop on herself.
My other two buddies already had their dicks out and hard as they stroked themselves, stimulated almost to the point of orgasm by the sight. Barb quickly finished them off in turn, and looked at me expectantly. I usually went last, in the hopes that she would swallow my spunk, which she sometimes did.
But today, I felt drained and was worried that Barb might notice that the volume of my semen wasn't up to my usual standards. Ellen and I had been going at it like teenagers for the last couple of weeks, and I was pretty spent. I was actually worried that if Barb got me off now, I might not be able to perform for Ellen tonight.
That hadn't occurred to me in years, I thought with some surprise. Barb was a waitress in the Club's dining room, and there had been a few nights when Barb caught me coming out of the toilet, pulled me into the coatroom, and sucked me off on the spot. Those nights, I made a point of having a "few too many" before we went home, lest Ellen get suspicious.
Even worse was the idea that I'd be embarrassed if Barb somehow figured out that Ellen and I had been screwing so much, almost like I was cheating on her. But, Ellen was my wife, who I'd been cheating on with Barb for over a year now. Barb was the hired help. What was I thinking?
"Too hot," I mumbled as I drained the last of my iced tea. "Time for a beer," and I stepped over to the cooler and pulled out a can. My buddies just shook their heads, made a couple of crude jokes at my expense, and each grabbed a beer of their own.
But the time we finished the back nine, it was getting late. I was going to meet Ellen for dinner at the clubhouse, but I was too sweaty and stinky for that. I took a quick shower in the locker room, changed and went looking for her. She and Lily were already in the bar, and by the look on their faces, were already well past their first drink.
That was new, but before I could wonder what was going on, Ellen jumped up, wrapped her arms around me, and gave me a big kiss as she ground her pelvis into mine. I got hard instantly. Good thing I'd passed on Barb's attentions, I thought with a little smile.
Ellen
As Lily was leaving my house, we agreed to meet at the Club at five for a drink before our husbands came in from their golf game. It was hot, so I put a light, knee-length, floral sundress over a lace bra and panty set. No slip, no hose, just a pair of open-toe, medium-heeled sandals. Pretty risqué for those days.
I stood in the window and looked at myself in the full length bedroom mirror. With the afternoon sun streaming in, the dress wasn't transparent, but it didn't leave much to the imagination either.
I brushed my hair, and put it up with a gold clip to keep it off my neck. Cooler that way, and a little sexy I thought. I sat down and put on a little makeup, just some blush and lipstick. I looked critically at myself and added some eye liner, and eye shadow. Then I did my eyelashes. A dab of John's favorite perfume. A simple gold chain and matching earrings finished the look.
Pretty good I thought as I bounced up and down a bit to make sure the falsie in my left bra cup was properly positioned. Then I reached up and under the sundress, and pulled my panties down and off. I leaned back, spread my legs, and looked at my pussy in the mirror. "I wonder what John would think if I showed him this at the Club tonight? What if somebody else saw it too?"
I touched myself, and felt my arousal growing. I took a tube of red lipstick, put some on each outer labia and rubbed it around until I looked even more turned on than I was, if that was possible. "What are you doing girl? Nobody gonna see that," I thought to myself. "Well, I'll know. And what if they do?" I answered.
I reached down to pick up my panties, and started to slip my feet through them, but then I suddenly stood up, and put them in my lingerie drawer. I looked at myself in the mirror again. The sun was on me, and I couldn't tell if I saw a hint of a shadow where my bush was or not. "Good, a little mystery," I thought as I grabbed my purse and keys and headed downstairs.
When I got to the Club, Lily was waiting for me in the foyer. She was wearing a simple dark green, high-necked, sleeveless shift made of silk or something. It looked vaguely Chinese, as did the strand of pearls and matching pearl earrings she was wearing.
When I gave her a hug, I didn't feel a bra strap, so I let my hands roam down to her butt. Didn't feel anything down there either. "Dear," I whispered into her ear, "What are you wearing under that beautiful dress?"
"Not a damn thing," she whispered back as she stuck her tongue my ear and caressed my right buttock with her hand. "And, from the feel of things, neither are you."
"Well, I'd say that calls for a drink," I said, and we turned and walked hand in hand into the bar.
Lily and I walked into the bar, giggling like a couple of teenagers. We took a seat by the big windows that looked out over the golf course. It was warm in the sun, but I felt warmer than that. I was on fire. I hitched my sundress up well over my knees until a lot of thigh was showing.
The bartender George came over. He looked like a retired Mafia hit man, had the accent to match, and was easily old enough to be our father. It was our habit to tease him mercilessly, but somehow I knew we were going to take it up a notch or two today.
"Well ladies, what'll it be today?" he asked.
"Something cool and refreshing," I said as I pushed my hips forward a bit, "I'm hotter than a firecracker."
George looked down, and for the first time in my life, I think I saw him blush. I wondered how much he could see, until I looked at Lily and saw the shocked expression on her face. I guess the devil made me do it, because instead of hastily covering up in embarrassment, I inched forward in the chair until the front edge was digging into my butt, and spread my knees another six inches. I could feel the air conditioning blowing on my pussy.
"I don't know, but surely you've got something behind the bar that will hit the spot," I said seductively.
"Yes, ma'am," sputtered George as he turned to Lily, "And you?"
"Beats me," she said absently as she leaned back and twirled a lock of her hair, "But it doesn't feel like a white wine sort of a day. I'm in the mood for something hard with some cream in it. Got any ideas?"
George wiped his forehead with the bar towel that was draped over him arm. "Well, I uh..., could do a hard creamsicle. Uh, lessee... with vodka, triple sec, ice cream and lots of ice."
"Sounds perfect," said Lily, "But I want it hard. Don't be shy with the vodka, or the cream."
I looked down at George's crotch, and saw an enticing bulge. Lily followed my gaze. George saw us looking, spun on his heels and retreated behind the bar.
"Holy shit," said Lily. "Did you see the size of the bulge in his pants? He must be hung like a fucking horse." I had to agree.
"Speaking of crotches," I said to Lily. "There is not a hair on you. What's that all about?"
"Well, that SOB I'm married to has clearly got the hots for the young ones, so I thought I'd fight fire with fire. Seriously, I've got the boobs for it, or not, so I thought I'd match the look down below. I tried shaving first, but it itched like the bejeezus as it grew out, so I started following up with Nair. But, I was doing it all the time and that shit's Hell on tender skin, if you get my drift. So, I finally went to the dermatologist and had it zapped off, which wasn't all that much fun either."
"In the end, I don't think it made a damn bit of difference. Cliff still didn't pay me any mind, and I suspect he was screwing a couple of our babysitters. I mean really, how does it take an hour to drive them home when they live at the end of the block?"
"Hmmmm," I murmured noncommittally as I turned my head towards the bar to see what George was up to. He was looking right at me, so I turned my torso towards him, letting my thighs fall even farther apart for a second, and then closed them and smoothed my dress back down. My pussy was tingling.
After a few minutes of clinking glasses and messing with bottles, and ice and blenders and stuff, George retreated through the door behind the bar into the back room. Lily got up, "It looks like he could use some help," and followed him.
Five minutes later, she was back, with a devilish grin on her face. George was not far behind, with a tray with a couple of tall glasses full of ice and a pale orange concoction. "I have to admit, I was feeling the pressure to do something really special for you two. Lily was a great help, and I hope you like it. If you don't, maybe Ellen will help me come up with the next round." He smirked, turned and went back behind the bar.
"What was that all about?" I said as I took a sip. It was delicious, tasted just like a liquid creamsicle, except it was obvious it packed quite a punch, and there was an interesting undertone that seemed so familiar, but I couldn't quite place it.
Lily took a sip and gave me a mischievous look. "When I followed George into the back room, I caught him jacking off with his dick in one hand and a tumbler in the other. We were right, he is hung like a fucking horse, and more. He'd make two of Steve, who's twice the size of my husband. Anyway, I couldn't wait to get my hands around that monster, and the results of our mutual efforts went into the blender with the rest of the drink."
I was so shocked I almost spit my drink across the room, "What! His cum is in my drink?"
"Hey, you said you liked it. And, you said I would too. You're right, its way better straight from the source."
I took another sip. I had to admit, it did add a little special "something" to the taste of the drink. Not bad at all really.
I looked out the window and saw John and Cliff finishing up the 18th hole. I looked at Lily, who smiled and clinked glasses with me. It had already been quite a day, and for some reason, it felt more like it was just getting started than ending.
John
As soon as Ellen let go of me, Lily was right behind her with a hug of her own. I felt her stiff nipples pressing into my chest, and then she ground her crotch into mine with wild abandon. I had a stiffie from Ellen's attentions, and tried to pull back to keep her from noticing, but notice she did and she it didn't deter her at all. Before she let go, I saw Cliff out of the corner of my eye, "Here comes your husband," I said as I pushed her away. Her nipples were making little tents in the front of her dress.
She reluctantly disentangled herself from me and turned towards him, "Oh, hi honey, how was your game? Seems like it must have been a hot one," as she gave him a peck on the cheek and a pat on the butt. Ellen shook Cliff's hand, "Hi Cliff, should we eat outside? It's starting to cool off a bit." And she turned to go get us a table.
A few minutes later, Ellen came back with Suzie, the Club's hostess, a 40-something peroxide blonde with mahogany skin from all the time she spent poolside. Perk of the job I guess, she was by the pool pretty much every day in the smallest bikini that was legal in those days. Her ample boobs were practically falling out of her low cut, skin-tight black cocktail dress. She looked like a low-rent Jayne Mansfield clone, and was clearly in possession of a full set of the only two talents most of the members cared about in a Hostess. In those days, all the "Members" were men, their wives and kids were "Family".
Cliff leered openly down her cleavage, earning a playful swat on the hand from Suzie, a soft "You bad boy" in her best Marilyn Monroe imitation accent, and a nicer kiss on the cheek than Lily had given him. It was a well-known secret that she was available to all comers at the Club and Cliff had lobbied hard in our group to appoint her our plaything.
Barb was more my style, and I'd won the day with a bid that was double what Cliff could afford, and then magnanimously offered to share if the rest of the group pitched in half what I was paying. That gave me first dibs on the playmate of my choice, which meant Barb every Wednesday night, going last for a BJ at the turn between the front and back nines, and a few other perks.
"I've got a nice, cool secluded table for you folks, please follow me," and Suzie sashayed away, her ample bottom a captivating sight in her tight black dress. Cliff claimed first position right behind her as the rest of us followed along, and sure enough, when she stopped at the table, he "accidently" bumped into her from behind. She gave him a nice little bump back before she turned and said, "Here Cliff, you take the seat with the best view of the pool," and offered the seat to his left to Ellen.
Ellen looked at me and said, "I know we should alternate seats, but that will put your back to the view, why don't you sit next to Cliff? Lily and I will sit together on the other side where we can look at you, and you can decide which view is better." I wasn't sure what she was up to, but who was I to argue? That put her diagonally across from me, and Lily from Cliff. We were watching the pool, and our wives, who had their backs to the rest of the restaurant. It was getting close to six, but still plenty warm, and the pool was full of young girls in bikinis. There's not a man alive wouldn't appreciate a view like that.
A few seconds later, Barb came by to take our drink order. She was wearing the Club's restaurant uniform, a short black skirt and a white dress shirt with the Club's lobo embroidered just above her left breast. As I looked at her, it was easy to remember what she looked like without the shirt, and what the breast behind the logo looked like, but I tried to keep my face as passive as possible and ordered a gin and tonic.
Cliff ordered a scotch and soda, making his usual big deal about which scotch they were going to use and taking seemingly forever to decide. I like scotch, but as far as I'm concerned, if you're going to spoil it with club soda, it doesn't matter what it is.
When Barb turned to Ellen, she said, glancing at Lily, "We'll each have a Long Island iced tea". Barb raised her eyebrows at that one, but wrote it down and marched off to the bar.
"Honey," I said, "Do you realize that Long Island iced tea isn't 'exactly' iced tea?"
"Oh, well whatever it is, it's got to be good on a hot day. Lily and I are just boiling inside," and she smirked. Lily tried unsuccessfully to suppress a giggle.
John
Ellen came right back with Suzie in tow. The guys all called her "Sluzie" behind her back, and she really looked the part with her dark roots, bleached blonde hair, and bright red lipstick. She was quite voluptuous, with enormous breasts, a big butt, and more than a little paunch around the middle, all of it literally poured into her little black cocktail dress that was cut too low in the front, and the back, and stopped well above her knees. If it had been spray painted on, it wouldn't have been any more revealing, nor would it have taken more than half a can of paint to apply.
She led us to a secluded table, out of the shade and behind a row of planters with a great view of the pool. Cliff was being the ass he usually was, bumping into her when she stopped and grinding his crotch into her butt. She bumped him back, her way of saying she'd be happy to do a little bumping some other time, but he was already spending all his lunch money on Barb, and I knew for a fact that Suzie wasn't giving it away.
Then when Barb came to take our drink order, he did it again with the scotch selection like he did every Saturday night. Later, after Barb had delivered our drinks and was taking our dinner order, he went on and on about the cut of his steak, and the perfect doneness he required. He was trying to act all suave and worldly, but he came off like a college kid who spent his time reading Playboy instead of jacking off to the pictures. So, he was just being an ass as usual, and everybody, including his wife and mine, knew it but him.
My thoughts about what a jerk Cliff was were interrupted by Ellen's bare foot caressing the inside of my thigh, just above the knee. I looked over and saw that she had her sundress hitched up, and her thighs were apart. It looked like she was wearing black lace panties tonight. To my knowledge, Ellen had never gone out in public without panties in her life, but when I looked a little closer, and saw the slit between her lower lips glistening in the fading sunlight, I knew that there was a first time for everything.
Ellen
As soon as I finished giving John a big hug and grind, Lily stepped right up and did the same. He had that look of a guy that's wondering if he'd died, because he just found himself in heaven. I was going to tell Lily to tone it down when I saw Cliff walking up. As much as I loved Lily, I couldn't stand her husband, one of those jerks who somehow thinks he's God's gift to women. I didn't know a single woman who could stand him, but somehow, he hadn't gotten the memo.
Anyway, Lily gave him a little kiss on the cheek after which Cliff turned to me for a hug, looking pointedly at my crotch. I cut him off at the pass with a light handshake and turned to go get us a table. Suzie was working the Hostess desk, like she did every Saturday night. That would distract him. Like a little boy, he was attracted to shiny objects, and Suzie had a pair.
After a bit of his typical boorish behavior, first bumping Suzie from the rear, and then making his typical scene over his drink, we were all seated at a square four-top on the patio, at the end and kind-of around the corner from the rest of the restaurant. The boys sat on one side, facing the pool, and Lily and I sat facing them, with our backs to the restaurant. Perfect for what I had in mind.
It must have been the "creamsicle" talking, because I was feeling downright wicked. Even more so when our drinks came and I took my first sip. I'd never had a Long Island iced tea before, had just heard Cliff bragging about how two of those could get a woman to do anything. After the first taste, I figured he was right except I wasn't going to be doing what he was hoping for with him. That was Lily's job.
After Barb left with our dinner orders, I took a sip of my drink for courage, dropped my right sandal, and lifted my leg up and placed it on the edge of John's chair, between his legs. He looked surprised when I first touched him on the thigh, but then skootched forward a bit, leaned back in his chair, and gave in to my administrations. I pulled my chair forward a bit and moved my foot higher.
By the time Barb arrived with our meals, I had moved close enough that my foot was on his crotch, and I was massaging his hard-on. She looked at what we were doing, gave us a crooked smile, and vanished without a word. I guessed this might not be the first time somebody had taken advantage of this out-of-the-way table. I took another sip of my drink, and without skipping a beat on John's dick, cut into my steak.
Lily
Throughout dinner, Cliff was watching what Ellen was doing to John with increasing desperation. He tried putting his foot between my legs, but I squeezed by knees together and pushed him away. Every time he put down his knife he reached down to rub his crotch before he picked up his fork. I was watching too, and my nipples were so tight they burned. Every so often, I give them a little flick with the back of my hand, as I squeezed by thighs together as hard as I could. I shifted from one buttock to the other in my seat.
Finally, we were done with our meal and I signaled Ellen to follow me to the Ladies Room. "Oh, my God," I said, "I'm so hot I can't stand it, and poor Cliff looks like he's about to pop a fuse watching you. You want to give him a treat for dessert?"
Ellen turned to me, her eyes like fire. "Like what, so you can blow my husband under the table? You get my boyfriend and me this afternoon, then our bartender and now you think everything I've got is yours, bitch?"
"Whoa, whoa,"I said, backing up a foot. "I just thought you might want to. Just letting you know, after all you've done for me today, yours for the taking. That's all."
Ellen's face softened, "Lily, I love you more than my sister. But I wouldn't fuck that worthless piece of shit you married if he had the last working dick on earth."
I smiled, "Well, that's one thing we can agree on. But, I could use another load of fresh sperm, and if you won't let me take John's, Cliff is what I'm stuck with. Seems like the more I get, the more I want. Please unhook me." And I turned so she could reach the hook at the top of the zipper of the Mandarin collar of my silk dress.
Ellen
Lily turned and I unhooked the top of her dress on the backside of the oriental collar. We turned and walked through the bar towards our table. I saw George eyeing me hungrily. I gave him the same look back. If he had the kind of man-meat Lily had described, I was just going to have to try it on for size myself someday. But not now, I had other things on my mind at the moment.
As we passed Barb, I pressed a twenty into her palm and whispered into her ear, "Be sure we're not disturbed for the next twenty minutes or so." She nodded her head, and gave me a sad smile. I wondered what that was about. It almost looked like she was in love with my husband, and she just realized that I was going to take him from her. Damn right I was, I was going to "take" him right at the table!
When we got there, I saw that another round of drinks had arrived in our absence. I sat down, took a sip of my fresh drink, and reached out towards John with my legs, placing my feet on the outside of his hips. I pulled up my dress until my spread pussy was fully exposed to his gaze, and for that matter, Cliff's. "Hey big boy," I breathed, "Feeling like a taste of dessert?"
For a few seconds, the only sound was heavy breathing by all four of us, until Lily reached behind her neck, and pulled the zipper down behind her from her neck to her waist. Both mens' eyes swiveled towards her at the sound, and when she was certain she had their full attention, she pushed the dress off her shoulders and let if fall slowly, under its own weight, first past her nipples, exposing her almost perfectly flat chest, then down her flat stomach and past her navel, finally past her waist and onto the floor, exposing the cleft in her completely hairless crotch.
She kneeled down and started undoing Cliff's pants. "Hey lover," I said to John. "If you're interested in dessert, it's over here," and I splayed back in my chair, opening my things as far as they would go. To his credit, he pulled his eyes away from Lily's nude form and focused on my open pussy. Then he dived right in. To be honest, I'd had better, but the truth was it was more a matter of degree than kind and John was a talented muff diver. It wasn't long before he had me on the edge, and he knew enough to back off at that moment and hold me there for a while.
I looked over to see Cliff red in the face, and Lily furiously pumping his dick in and out of her mouth. She was taking him all the way down, but truth be told, that was about like me taking half of John. Cliff really did have a dinky dick, but I could also see a huge pair of balls hanging below it. If Lily wanted a mouthful, it looked like she was about to get her wish. And right about then, Cliff started grunting and thrusting, and Lily was doing her damnedest to keep it all in, but pretty soon his cum was leaking out of all sides of her mouth.
John looked over to see what the commotion was all about, and increased the tempo on my clitoris. Within seconds, he took me over the brink, and I came as hard as I ever have in my life. Cliff's sperm was still leaking out of the sides of Lily's mouth, and she was still swallowing frantically. I was sitting in a pool of my own juices, and John's face was as wet as if he'd just climbed out of the pool he'd been watching earlier. He had the most beatific smile on his face I think I've ever seen on anyone.
About then, I heard Barb's voice, "So, it looks like you guys will be needing a few extra napkins."