Danny and Eva walked into the museum together. There was clearly some sexual tension between them but both were trying their utmost to ignore it and act normal. Even so as Danny held the door open for Eva to enter he could not help but notice the curve of her butt and her shapely legs. She in turn could feel his eyes traversing her body and she smiled inwardly as her heart gave a small leap of excitement. Ever since they had started talking intimately on the phone and their conversations had got wilder and wilder she felt a tingle over her body and indeed between her legs when she heard his sexy English accent.
They had met earlier in the afternoon to go for lunch. Both Danny and Eva were downplaying the excitement but the truth was that they had been looking forward to this meeting for weeks now.
Danny never spent a long time getting ready but today he spent a good 5 minutes doing his hair, changing outfits a few times before deciding on tight blue jeans and a blue and green polo top. He even put on his sexiest red boxer shorts, surprising himself by the effort he was making.
Eva spent the morning trying on various undergarments that she knew Danny would love, even though she had no real intention of letting him see them. She decided on a lilac bra with matching panties, smiling at herself in the mirror wondering how Danny would react if he could see her like this. She did a twirl and pouted, then giggled naughtily. What was coming over her? Next she put on a black wraparound skirt that rode up easily. When she sat she wanted the skirt to ride up her leg to show off her body which she knew drove Danny wild. The white blouse she wore was tight and figure hugging, a thin flimsy material.
"Eva, you are such a tease" she thought to herself. She undid the top 2 buttons so you could see the top of the bra. If it was only Danny seeing her she would have left it this way, but as they were going to be in public she did one button back up and left one open. Knowing Danny and his imagination this would still have the desired effect.
Danny turned up to Mon Ami first and was drinking a beer when Eva arrived 10 minutes later. Walking towards Danny she could see her efforts had been worth it. He reacted even from a distance, involuntarily whistling as Eva approached. Danny's eyes smiled at her face and then made their way down to her legs before moving back up slowly. In her turn Eva felt her heart leap at seeing this guy who had so got into her head these last weeks. She smiled broadly like a little girl at her first crush.
Danny stood up and reached out his hand, brushing the hair from Eva's cheek back and resting his hand on your cheek, leaning in to kiss her other cheek. He purposely kissed her very close to her lips and let the kiss linger a little longer than a mere friend would. Eva was so tempted to turn her head slightly towards him so he ended up kissing her lips but she refrained. He was supposed to want her, not the other way around, she chided herself. The gesture was not lost on either of them, though, and as they sat they beamed at each other like lovers meeting after weeks apart. They ordered food and ate lunch cordially, chit chatting idly with not a care in the world. They loved each other's company and neither ran out of things to say.
What is it about this girl that makes me so comfortable? Thought Danny.
"So what now Eva?" Danny asked out loud as they finished their lunch.
"Let's go to the museum." Eva giggled girlishly, fully aware of what they had discussed about what may happen there. As they walked they exchanged compliments.
"You look as beautiful as I remember on Skype, Eva. In fact better considering the reception was rubbish and you wouldn't let me see below your neckline."
They both laughed as Eva playfully put her arm inside his when they reached the museum.
They walked in and made their way around the exhibits, feigning interest in the history of Kisumu. They kept giving surreptitious glances at each other, then lowered their eyes blushing. Danny took the initiative and slid his hand inside Eva's expecting her to pull her own hand away but to his surprise she did not.
They wandered around aimlessly, enjoying themselves now the tension had slightly abated that physical contact had been made. They came to some art work and Eva rejoiced at one painting of a small African child picking his nose. Danny watched her laugh and was so attracted by this that he turned her to face him and planted a kiss directly on her lips. Eva's heart skipped a beat. This is exactly what she had wanted, to be surprised by Danny. He moved his hand behind her head and pulled her gently into him. The kiss felt wonderful, in fact too wonderful. Eva found herself aroused, wanton and confused at the same time. Is this what she had wanted the whole time? Their lips parted and Danny's tongue darted in her mouth. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling. This was the most beautiful care-free kiss either had had.
But the confusion returned and Eva pushed Danny away. He looked at her with puppy dog eyes and she wanted to take him into her again kissing him and letting him touch her. She saw the ladies' toilets at the other end of the corridor and without a word walked towards and into them.
Danny stood there, dumbfounded and perplexed. He had wanted this moment for so long and not just because he found Eva to be one of the best looking and sexy girls he had seen in Kenya, if not the world. He loved her personality and sense of humor, even more than her looks. She made him so comfortable whether talking science, politics or indeed sex. He could talk to her for hours watching while she played with her hair and had a mental image of how the dimple on her cheek showed prominently when she laughed. And now he had ruined it by being too hasty with a kiss.
Eva stared at herself in the mirror. What the hell was she doing? She had been enjoying herself so much, why ruin it by walking away. Maybe it was too good to be true. How could this handsome, charming, nice guy come into her life and make her feel this way. Three years she had not succumbed to any guy's charms, these fake ass idiots who knew what to say but not how to act. And now she had found an English man with a cute accent who made her laugh, listened to her, actually cared about what she had to say and found her attractive. And she had blown it by walking away from a good thing. What to do?
As she pondered her options she subconsciously undid the 2nd and 3rd buttons of her shirt and pulled the collars wide, revealing her lilac bra. She untied her hair and let it fall about her and pulled up her skirt to show more leg. Then she laughed as she realized while she had been thinking, her subconscious mind had already made up her mind for her.
Danny noticed something different about Eva when she exited the washrooms. She strode purposefully towards him. The first thing he noticed was her legs, he was sure that before he could not see her upper thighs and the sight stirred his loins. As she came closer he saw her bra and the curves of her perfect breasts. He became fully aroused when he saw her hair flowing down around her shoulders.
At this moment he had little time to react as Eva pushed him back against the wall and planted a kiss on his lips, putting her hands around his neck and pulling his mouth wantonly against hers. She opened her mouth, welcoming his tongue into her, allowing their tongues to meet and massage each other's. Eva had never acted this domineering and she was enjoying it immensely. She pulled Danny's hands around her neck and pushed her breasts against his chest, making sure he could feel her curves. As the kiss intensified Danny recovered his composure and started caressing Eva's back and butt. When his hand slid down below the curve of her ass, she lifted one leg and Danny pulled the leg up to his side. The skirt rode up fully and Eva moaned into Danny's mouth as she felt his hand stroke her inner thigh.
If this was how she felt now, imagine what would happen when he touched her wet mound between her legs?
Eva knew she had thought the word when and not if. Danny was so turned on he knew his hard and throbbing cock was rubbing against Eva's thigh from the front. His left hand slid inside her top and was fondling her breast. Eva leaned her head back and Danny kissed and licked her neck, knowing she was as turned on as he was. As Danny's hand slid between Eva's leg and rubbed her dripping pussy the sensation of this as well as Danny's mouth on her neck, hand on her breast and erect penis against her thigh made her moan out loudly in pleasure.
For a second both of them stopped, thinking the noise must have reverberated around the museum. After what seemed like minutes but was only seconds no one came and Eva gave Danny a look which said "let's get out of here".
But Danny knew she was close to orgasm, so he smiled naughtily and slid his hand inside her panties. As his hand touched her she closed her eyes and leaned against Danny, not wanting this to stop. He rubbed around and above her slit and then Eva started moving her thighs in unison with his fingers.
At this point he slid first one finger and then a second inside her. Eva started to whimper slowly each time his fingers moved deeper inside her. She thrust faster against his fingers now and Danny also moved his fingers faster and deeper into Eva. She started to moan louder and opened her eyes to look at this guy who had gotten her to open herself up in this way and smiled lovingly. Danny said "shhh" smiling as a look of pain mixed with pleasure came over Eva's face. He kissed her mouth to stifle the loud moans as he pushed his finger against the top of her vagina, finding her clitoris. He rubbed this part and felt Eva's body become limp against him feeling wet gushing liquid on his fingers. Eva's head spun, knowing this was a feeling she had never had before. She would quite happily just stay like this in Danny's arms for the rest of the day.
Danny waited till Eva stopped shuddering in pleasure and then kissed her lightly and lovingly on her lips. She smiled at him and held him close.
"I feel bad. You made me feel wonderful and you got nothing out of it."
"Kitten, seeing the look of pleasure on your face was all the excitement I needed today." replied Danny. "Besides I have a feeling this will not be the last time we do something like this"
"Too right, lover," said Eva seductively. "Next time I want to feel you inside me." She winked at Danny.
It suddenly dawned on them both they were in a public place. They looked around momentarily, frightened, then looked back at each other and burst out laughing.
"For now let's get out before a guard comes and arrests us."
Danny and Eva walked out of the museum hand in hand, not caring who saw them together.