This is the third story of my vixen hotwife if you are following in order. Thank you for the supportive comments and emails for the last two stories, and if you don't like our lifestyle then don't read about it. We are having fun and loving life. Kayla has yet to let me share her photos, but if she ever decides to, I will let you guys know.
My wife Kayla and I are into the hotwifing lifestyle and have been for some time now. To me there is nothing more sexually pleasing than watching the woman I love be penetrated by strangers. Knowing she does it for me is in itself exhilarating, but seeing her eyes roll to the back of her head and her toes curl multiple times is pure ecstasy for not only Kayla, but also me. I like being the voyeur while it is happening and the one to reclaim her after her dates finish inside her.
After a few dates with several men and one surprise gangbang, Kayla and I decided one weekend to not go through the hassle of trying to meet men and screen them. Instead, we wanted to try a swinger club. There was one a few hours from our house that we decided to try. I booked us a hotel nearby so that we wouldn't have to take a uber or taxi to the club from the hotel. Despite her now experienced status with all her dates she still felt nervous. I was nothing but excited.
Kayla and I went out to dinner early that night. She dressed sexy enough to have the extra attention from our waiter she was now used to getting before her dates. Her long brown curly hair was done up nicely. Kayla and I talked about what we would expect in the club. She was nervous that she would meet someone there that we knew. I told her that if we did, then they were there for the same reasons as us and it would be okay. That seemed to put her mind at ease. Kayla decided then to lead me onto a fantasy of hers. This was the first time she actually verbalized a fantasy, and I was eager to make it come true. What she told me was "I want to make love to you tonight while others watch". I told her I was pretty sure we could make that happen tonight. She blushed but had a smile ear to ear.
Kayla and I arrived at the club around 10. She had changed after dinner into a dress, or at least pieces of one that left very little to the imagination. It made me hard just walking out of our hotel and seeing the eyes of numerous men that couldn't help themselves except to look her up and down. Even the hotel doorman couldn't help himself. I loved that she was a sexual object to them and guessing by the smirk on her face once we got on the sidewalk, she was loving it too.
When we arrived, we paid our cover charge and was led into a club like room. The party was going, and it was more filled than I expected. We decided to go to the bar and get a drink. Once we were at the bar, we felt a bit more settled to the atmosphere and was able to relax a little. It was our first time seeing that many nude or seminude people walking around in one setting. The club had two floors; the first floor was like a night club just with a lot of sexual tension. Upstairs were where the "playrooms" were. I got the sense that there were a lot of couples that were regulars because it seemed like most people knew each other. We wouldn't have had to pay for a drink if we kept allowing the regulars to buy for us. We decided early on to not drink too much that was we could keep our wits about us.
After meeting a couple at the bar area, Rich and Stacy, we chatted and danced for about an hour with them. I think they could tell when we started feeling comfortable with them and they asked, "have you seen the playrooms yet?". Kayla and I looked at each other and told Rich no, and he took Kayla's hand and led her to the staircase. Stacy and I followed in tow.
When we went through the doors at the top of the stairs, we knew that we were in a new world. There were beds all across the main room, with a few couples going at it right in the open. I looked at Kayla and smiled and she returned one as well. We got the tour from Rich, and he showed us a few private rooms that were set up and not being used yet. The last room we went into was a small stadium type seating with a tiny glass room. It wasn't being used by anyone yet. It was called the "observation room". It was apparent that the room was set up to have a couple going at it in the glass room and whoever wanted could watch. There was a switch in the room that allowed the couple to either be able to see into the seating area or not. No matter the way the switch was, the people in the viewing area could see in. It was an exciting idea that we could be fucking, and a big audience could be watching without us knowing.
My wife was excited to try this out. Kayla wanted to fuck me tonight to make her fantasy some true. Rich and Stacy were seemingly disappointed when we told them that we were into hotwifing and not straight swingers. I told Steve that in the future we would love to have him and Stacy over and he could fuck Kayla. He told me that he would like to but that wouldn't leave anyone for Stacy and that it wouldn't likely work out.
So, Kayla and I made our way into the glass room. Rich and Stacy told us they were going to watch us start out to help get themselves in the mood before finding another couple. We decided to leave the switch on so that we could not see who would be watching us. Once in the room we undressed and took our time with the foreplay. I kissed her sensually for a few minutes. I removed Kayla's dress and lightly sucked on her beautiful big breasts. After removing her panties, I saw that she had once again kept her landing strip for a special occasion. She knows that she is sexy on a bad day, but with her tight landing strip it makes me crazy horny.
I pushed a finger into my wife, who was very ready for it. Her pussy was soaked with her own juices, probably from knowing that we were being watched. It was super-hot to find out that she was an exhibitionist. I laid her down in front of me and opened her legs to get the full access. After a few minutes of finger fucking her, I placed another finger into her. She seemed to love it because of the shutter her body gave when it entered her. I finger fucked her hard like she loves for a few more minutes and was able to make her come. It wouldn't be the last time tonight. Her pussy was now sopping wet.
Kayla went down on my cock like she was angry at it. She was deepthroating like I have never experienced or seen her do before. She would tease me in the sensitive area under the head before slurping the whole thing back in her mouth. Seeing my wife so sexually aroused made me close to finishing. I pushed Kayla back on the bed and had her spread her legs once again. I ate her pussy with the same passion that she had just showed my cock. Licking the clit and finding her G-spot with my fingers. She told me she couldn't take it anymore and said, "You need to fuck me now!".
I was happy to oblige. When we have sex, we normally start with missionary. Also, normally we kiss and make love rather than fuck. A fucking is what she asked for so that's what I'm going to give to her. I stood up and turned her over on the bed. I bent my wife over and penetrated her pussy with my raging hard cock. She was so wet it was almost like my fantasy of reclaiming her after a guy had filled her up. She told me that she couldn't believe how hard my dick was. I honestly couldn't believe it either, it had its own pulse!
After hard fucking my wife for a good 10 minutes I laid down and pulled her on top of me. She rode me cowgirl style. She loves this position, and it makes her come the fastest. I reminded her that anyone could be watching us right now. She kept riding me until her hips dropped on my cock and she started humping front to back. This is how I know Kayla is going to come. Her tits were bounced every time she slammed onto my dick. She put the work in and had a very loud and very hard orgasm. I didn't notice the room echoed until she came that time. I felt her pussy juice flow over my cock. There is nothing like that feeling.
Kayla collapsed on top of me and rolled to the side. She asked me to take it easy on her to finish which I did. I fucked her missionary style switching between standing at the end of the bed and laying on top of her. Her pussy was so soaked that there was very little friction, and I could barely feel her. I told Kayla to start talking about my fantasy. She started talking dirty, talking about all the cocks she has sucked. Kept on going with how high her body count was and how her pussy must feel like a hundred guys just had used her. Picturing in my own brain about all the guys who have actually shot their load into Kayla made me explode into her instantly. She giggled and I collapsed onto her and kissed her. Kayla was cleaning up with a towel when I asked her, "should we flip the switch?". Kayla agreed.
I flipped the switch to the room, and I was in shock. There were about a dozen guys in the room with Rich and Stacey. Most of the single guys had their dicks out and were masturbating while they watched us. Rich and Stacey were there also. Kayla was in disbelief. There she was, laying on a bed in the middle of a room, her legs still spread open with her husband's come dripping out. She knew that they had watched the whole show. Kayla immediately blushed. I poked my head out of the room and saw Rich. He said, "nice show", but also then led on that he forgot to tell us that when someone was in the room, a light went on in the main room and at the bar on the first level. Single guys tended to flock to the observation room when a "show" was being performed.
Rich said "well, I guess Kayla's fantasy was fulfilled tonight". I agreed. I then asked the crowd if anyone could hear what Kayla was talking about to make me come. One guy took his eyes off my wife just long enough to look at me and say, "why do you think we are all still here?". I laughed and turned to Kayla to ask if she wanted to be done for the night or if she wanted to entertain her fans. She smiled and said, "well if I got to fulfill my fantasy tonight, I guess I could fulfill yours too". She set a condition that since the guys were not medically screened that they would have to wear condoms. Also, she told me to weed out any that wouldn't obviously meet our standards. I decided to get rid of some of the single guys just because they seemed full of themselves or were not decent looking, but I still allowed them to watch. Kayla and I decided that we would flip the switch again so she couldn't see out and I would watch from the outside while the guys used her one at a time. We told the guys that condoms are required, and they should finish inside Kayla. None disagreed. They were also told to finish fairly quick as there were a bunch of men for her to finish and we didn't want her getting sore.
The first guy was about 40 and had a smaller build. He was closest to the door and just happened to be the first one in line. Kayla greeted him and they laughed about something before he kissed her. He was already hard and didn't need any foreplay. Kayla helped him slip on a condom and in less than a minute he was entering my sweet wife. Even though I had just come and wasn't usually so good at recharging again quickly, I was hard as a rock. I watched as he slammed his cock in and out of her so fast it sounded like a jackhammer through the glass. You could see Kayla's juices along with mine running out of her cunt while he went to town. It was about a minute before you heard him groan as he released his sperm. As he exited my wife, he pulled off the condom and threw it on the floor. A quick peck on Kayla's cheek and he left the room.
The next one seemed really eager to get some pussy, but I guess who wouldn't be? He was telling me while we waited for the first guy to finish that he hadn't been laid in a few months and came to the club praying for this exact scenario. He was about 50 and had recently gone through a divorce. He was in good shape and was well groomed. As he switched with the first guy, he already had put on his condom and was ready for action. Kayla changed positions to have her legs open but wanted to rest her feet on his shoulders. I could tell that she was enjoying putting on the show as much as I was watching. He had a rather large cock and it slipped into my wife with ease. He was sweet with her and enjoyed the buildup as you could tell he was going to come. About 3 minutes into it his cock pulsed in my wife's pussy as he orgasmed. Kayla smiled and he exited her.
The third guy was a big guy. He was about 300 pounds, but I wouldn't have considered him fat. Once he pulled his dick out it wasn't very big, so Kayla had to improvise her fucking style. I doubt that she had fucked someone with that big of a build before. Kayla got off the bed and bent over to take his dick from behind. He easily entered her and pumped about 10 times before his head reared back and his eyes rolled into his head. It was so erotic to see my wife take all these dicks and make them feel so good.
The fourth guy was clearly an athlete. I almost didn't allow him to fuck Kayla because he seemed like a preppy asshole but after talking to him, I reconsidered and thought he might be okay. He went into the room and kissed Kayla. He wasn't hard yet, so she rubbed him and then took his dick in her mouth. She sucked for about 20 seconds, and he could have cut glass. He started to sweet talk her about foregoing the condom and I had to step in the room. I told him he needed to go as it wasn't going to work out for him. There was a security guard in the area, and he assisted me in removing this guy from the room. He left and wasn't welcome back to the club I was told after. I checked in with Kayla to see if she was doing fine. She was ready for the next one if I wanted to continue. Just another reason I love her.
The fifth guy was black, (Kayla's first) and of average height and weight but needed a little help getting started. Kayla sucked him for a minute, and he was ready to go. He entered Kayla missionary style while standing at the foot of the bed. He was alternating from fast fucking to slow. He was able to maintain for about 5 minutes which got Kayla going again too. She was about to come and told him, which resulted in him coming about 10 seconds to soon. I looked around the room and grabbed the next guy that was ready to go and sent him in.
The sixth guy got the condom on fast and sent his dick home hard. I was trying to help get Kayla off again and after a few minutes she switched positions. She pushed the guy back and made him lie down on the bed. Kayla then rode him reverse cowgirl while she looked out into the crowd. This was the best view I had gotten in all of her dates. Her penetrated pussy and her bouncing tits were displayed for the whole room to see! He took one hand and put it on my wife's clit and rubbed it gently. This sent Kayla over the edge quick. It was a fast orgasm, and it sent her toes curling. She had that look on her face with the smile and the bit lower lip. I could tell she was having a great time even though it was my fantasy. The guy came seconds later and when he pulled out, I could tell there was not much room left in the condom with all the come. I regretted having them wear condoms for a moment before coming to my senses.
The seventh and final guy was about 6 feet but had the largest member of the evening. He needed the XL condoms. He was a white guy and was uncut. He insisted on eating her pussy before fucking her. Kayla was spent I could tell, but she couldn't hide the fact that when he was face down in her she loved it. Kayla was impressed by the size of his cock and mentioned this as he entered her most intimate spot. He did a great job at stretching her cunt out for me. It was at this moment that I took a second to appreciate my loving wife, who was here in a club getting fucked by all these strangers because I loved to watch it and feel it afterwards. I really did love seeing my girl with other cocks inside her while being some stranger's sexual object. I would have loved it more if they were unprotected and had creampied her each time, but her safety is number one. There is always next time.
After about 2 minutes he emptied his balls into her and laid on her while his cock continued to pulse. I saw this and almost came without further provocation. As he exited her, a quick peck from Kayla and he threw the condom on the floor with the rest of them. It was so sexy and erotic to see my wife with her legs still open, shining from the pussy juice and lube that was on those condoms. She bit her lower lip and motioned me inside the room.
I penetrated her fast and she gasped as I basically fell into her. Her pussy felt so used that I couldn't take it. I started by making love to my wife but when I saw the pile of used condoms on the floor, I felt the sudden and powerful urge to come. I jackhammered her for a few seconds before shooting my second load of the night into her unprotected cunt. I was completely exhausted and collapsed into her. We relaxed for a few minutes and then got cleaned up and left for the hotel. A few guys high fived me on the way out, and even some seemingly seasoned swinger women made comments that they wish their husband would let them do that. Kayla had a hard time walking down the stairs to leave the club.
Back at the hotel we showered and got to bed. Kayla told me she enjoyed it but that she got more pleasure from the online meetups but would maybe do the club again sometime. I agreed that I liked the unprotected version of it better and she agreed to that also. She always loved the feeling of being filled with come. Who knows what the future will bring. Stay tuned.