*Wednesday
A big thank you to @brokenbrumbygirl for taking a look and improving this latest chapter. I hope you enjoy.*
*****
Jack's eyes cracked open a fraction as he awoke. He was snuggled in behind Angela, which he knew from the familiar shape and aroma of her body. Lifting his head, a tiny fraction he could just about make out the long black hair of Georgia, who was playing little spoon that morning. However, he really did not know who was snuggled behind him, so had an exploratory feel, and soon recognised the lithe athletic figure of Andi, who appeared to have sneaked into his bed last night.
She was sound asleep too, and as he wasn't minded to disturb her, he quietly lay there and dozed for a while. He woke a little later to a low whisper in his ear, asking if he wanted to go do something about the "swelling", a nice euphemism for his morning wood. Jack shifted his weight slightly and half turned his body to be met by a beaming smile from Andi. He nodded to her, quietly responding.
"Downstairs. Let's leave this pair to their snuggles..."
"I'm perfectly comfortable darling, but if you want to go somewhere else and be noisy, then feel free. Jack, don't you dare disappoint this woman."
Angela's breathy, half whispered exhortation to essentially go and fuck somewhere else was unexpected but didn't need to be repeated. Andi wriggled off the bed, as Jack rolled to the far side. On his way out, he kissed Angela on her forehead, which brought a smile and a pleased murmur. He stepped out onto the landing, his cock fully awake, even if he wasn't, and saw Andi trot down the stairs in anticipation of their coupling. Jack followed her outside as she made for the hot tub, and quickly turn it on.
"This is on my bucket list and surprisingly in Florida, still to be ticked off. I can't think of anyone I'd like to take my hot tub virginity with more than you Jack. Oh, and don't worry, I'll thoroughly clean it after we're done, Fiona gives me lectures on hot tub hygiene."
That brought a broad smile to Jack's face, partly because he enjoyed the image of Fiona lecturing Andi, but mostly because it demonstrated the level of care that they had for each other.
"Did she come home with you last night?"
Jack briefly realised the ridiculous nature of describing the villa as home, but as Andi didn't bat an eyelid, he didn't fuss it further.
"Yeah. We were introduced to your new friends, and I think she was getting cosy with Jane last night. I was sitting and chatting away and wondered where I should spend the evening and couldn't think of anywhere better than cuddled up next to you."
"You're always welcome Andi, I'm pleased you didn't think you needed an invitation, it was lovely to wake up with you beside me."
They both smiled and exchanged a warm hug and a lengthy kiss. Jack motioned to the tub and they both sank into the bubbles and luxuriated in the sensations. He enjoyed seeing Andi's small breasts ripple as she was buffeted by the stream of bubbles, and for a moment closed his eyes and enjoyed feeling her body beside him, thigh to thigh.
Andi then stood up, straddled his lap and settled down facing him. They kissed some more, while Jack had the peculiar sensation of a flow of bubbles hitting his balls while his cock was fully erect. Andi shifted herself and guided him inside her, where she started to very slowly and deliberately glide up and down. The unusual surroundings and odd sensations meant this was unlike any of their previous encounters, and Jack was happily taking his time and letting Andi dictate the pace.
She seemed to be wrapped up in a little world of her own, her eyes shut, and head tilted back as she sampled every touch and movement. Jack tried an exploratory lick and suck of each nipple, which seemed to be met with encouragement, at least if he understood Andi's sex noises properly. So, he did some more, stroked his hands up and down her back, squeezing her bum.
Andy responded with a shudder and a squeeze of her pussy on his cock which elicited an unexpectedly loud moan of delight from him. That was the end of the overture, with the principle movement following a familiar tune, Andi and Jack now intuitively knowing what pleasured each other the most and doing their very best to make that happen. It got quite a bit louder and there were many more splashes as they reached their crescendo with Andi's orgasm a few seconds before his own, and as he pulsed multiple times into her, he understood the reference to giving the hot tub that proper clean, as their combined fluids would be all over it by now.
"I don't know how much longer you're going to be here Jack, or how often I'm going to get alone time with you. It's like every time I come back to the house there are more women here, and they all are sexy & pretty in their own ways..."
"I'll always have time for you Andi. We'll make the most of our time right now, but even after I return to the UK, I'm not planning on letting this be the last time we see each other. There will be holidays, and I'm pretty sure that Natalie has plans afoot for your professional development. Our paths will cross again, I'm certain of it."
That brought smiles and a kiss, and they clambered out and rinsed off under the poolside shower and having Andi's wet naked form beside him was doing nothing to dampen Jack's enthusiasm for a second act, as evidenced by his burgeoning erection. Jack scooped her up and lay her down on one of the sun beds, and was soon gliding inside her, with Andi eagerly guiding him. They were soon fucking hard and fast in a way that was both familiar yet sizzling with excitement for both, with Andi's athletic prowess making it the most physical of moments.
Jack was aware of the patio doors opening and shutting, and out if the corner of his eyes he saw a naked Fiona and Jane scamper past them and slip into the pool, however his focus from delivering pleasure for Andi and himself did not waiver, and despite the audience, they fucked each other for a few more glorious minutes until Andi thrust harder and faster as her orgasm hit, then collapsed back onto the sunbed. Jack withdrew, and half turned his head to see their two spectators at the edge of the pool, watching with complete fascination so Jack stroked his cock a few more times and Andi's eyes lit up as Jack moaned while his cock pumped out yet more cum that morning, splashing over Andi's stomach and tits.
Fiona slipped out of the pool, her body glistening as the water dripped from her skin, she kissed her lover then proceeded to lick her clean. Jane looked like she might be blushing but smiled and nodded as she closely watched Jack's cock finally wilt. Fiona turned to take him in her mouth, licked and sucked him clean as though licking the spoon from a mixing bowl and enjoying a forbidden delight.
He lay down on the bed beside Andi as Fiona return to the pool and they watched as she and Jane powered up and down the 10m lengths in effortless fashion. He reached over and took Andi's hand, and as the grey dawn light turned to blue skies the pair in the pool stopped at the shallower end and stood up, breathing a little more heavily but both looking magnificent.
Jane dropped back onto the water, and ducked underneath while grasping Fiona's bum, and based on the blonde's reaction appeared to be engaging in underwater cunnilingus.
"Wow. She can use her tongue and hold her breath at the same time...impressive. That just got added to Fi and I's to do list."
Jane surfaced coughing and spluttering suggesting that wasn't as fun or easy as the original idea might have suggested, but Fiona held her, and they were soon making out and busily pleasuring each other, followed by Fiona being hoisted onto the poolside, parting her thighs and Jane resumed her attentions on Fiona's pussy.
"You know I just adore watching Fi cum. It's maybe why I try to make it happen so often, but watching her orgasm is one of life's great pleasures. She assures me that no one makes her cum as good as I do. A girl needs to hear that sometimes, but I think Jane is doing a pretty nice job. Watch Fi's head tilt back just about...now."
Andi was almost absentmindedly playing with her clit as she provided a slow running commentary of her girlfriend's path to orgasm, which duly happened. She was so complete relaxed by it all, as though she was casually describing a set of yoga poses that it almost passed by Jack that he was watching two rather gorgeous athletic women fuck while another gorgeous athletic woman masturbated beside him.
Andi came moments after Fiona did, and Jack realised that there was something indeed to be said to watch beautiful women orgasm, though after his exertions already this morning, he was content just to be an observer. Fiona and Jane stepped over beside Andi, towelling themselves dry as they did so. Andi whispered first to Fiona then Jane, and after making quick excuses the trio retreated into the house leaving Jack briefly alone outside.
He heard the patio doors open and turned to see Angela in her kimono carrying two large steaming mugs of coffee. Sitting them down on a table between them, she sat opposite him.
"I think that trio will be hanging out the 'do not disturb sign' for a while. Athletic people have enormous appetites it seems."
They both chuckled at that, with Jack sliding a hand along Angela's thigh in a moment of physical connection between them. They quietly chatted about their vague plans for the day, and Jack enjoyed the comfortable presence of his girlfriend, and feeling closer to her emotionally than he'd done with anyone in a long time.
Georgia stuck her head out and invited them in for a breakfast of bacon & eggs which she had apparently been busy working on. Jack saw and enjoyed the casual intimacy that she now had with Angela, the little touches, the leaning in to each other and the smouldering glances. Apparently last night wasn't enough for them, so when Angela whispered in his ear that she was going upstairs to pound Georgia with her biggest strap on, Jack smiled and patted her bum, and returned to a fresh mug of coffee and his breakfast.
He was soon joined by a yawning Debbie, who even with bed head hair looked utterly adorable, though Jack was sure that her firm nipples poking through her tee shirt and shorts ensemble didn't do any harm with that. Jack organised coffee and toast and shared a warm lengthy hug with his friend.
"So, it turns out I'm a science genius nerd type...with blonde hair to boot. I got a look at some of the data, and you're a bit of pheromone fountain when you're interested, and it gets reciprocated by the lady's present. No surprise to me their Jack, so now we understand what happens."
Jack took a long sip on his coffee.
"Yes, I got the headline news from Scarlett and Emily, but they still don't understand why yet. Presumably we know the physiology of what generates pheromones, so I'm expecting more scans and such like. Is it something in my brain that's triggering it?"
"Well 90% of arousal is mental, so I wonder if they might consider trying an MRI with you and give you some...interesting stuff to watch and listen to. See what's firing inside that noggin of yours."
Debbie giggled at that point, and Jack realised that she was teasing him but might also have a point. She then went on to relay in pretty graphic detail what happened in the control room and their observation room the previous day, and whilst Jack had an inkling as to what had gone on, he hadn't appreciated just how out of hand it had gone.
"Emily seems particularly smitten with you Jack, and we know that you and Scarlett have already done the deed. I think they'll have to put on extra air filters or face masks if they don't want an orgasm at the tip of a hat the next time. Not that an orgy from time to time is a bad thing..."
Jack smiled and playfully slapped her bum, which Debbie pretended was a shock and protested her innocence. They might have gone further except that the rest of the house was surfacing and descending for breakfast, so Jack and Debbie had to put their ambitions on hold for now.
Jack and Angela headed out early that afternoon for a bit of recreational retail therapy and to get to spend some rare one to one time together. Jack had a rather uncomfortable visit with Angela in Victoria's Secret, and whilst he was looking forward to seeing her wear her choices, he felt very much out of place as he waited for her to complete her lingerie and swimwear purchases.
Angela looked as though she knew he was not enjoying the wait in the store, but only teased him lightly. They stopped for coffee and finally talked about their impending lunch date. Jack told her what he knew about both women, and she seemed genuinely interested in meeting them, though he did wonder if that was part of her professional curiosity.
They arrived at their lunch venue and were seated, and didn't have to wait long before Christine arrived, with Jack waving her over to their table. He stood while she was introduced to Angela, and the conversation was polite but genuine. Angela was wearing a short summer dress that stopped a bit above the knee but was otherwise very smart. Christine had opted for a blouse and skirt combo, with what might well be black stockings. The blouse was open a little and showed enough of her cleavage to hint at her wonderful breasts.
Soon after, Sinead arrived, and and whilst Angela offered her hand she breezed right in and gave her a warm hug, which seemed to relax things almost immediately. Sinead apologised for running late and amused them with a story about her dog not wanting to be left at her neighbours, so she had to play with him for a while until he settled enough to let her slip out.
Sinead eventually broke the ice with the conversation.
"Jack, you never told me Angela was this leggy hottie? It's no wonder he was keen to go home to you. Ordinarily I'd say it was bad form to be talking about your girlfriend after spending an hour or so having se... I mean spending time with me, but I'll forgive you."
That brought a smile from Christine and a giggle from Angela and Jack, who found the sudden shyness rather endearing.
"Sinead we're all grownups here. We know why Jack is here in Florida and that you were commissioned to see if you could get him aroused, so they could monitor the results. You did that rather well, as did you Christine, and I did tell our boy here to go fuck someone and make Scarlett happy, which by all accounts he did."
Sinead seemed to visibly relax at that, and Christine sensing the openness being offered by Angela smiled too.
"Angela we both did our jobs and had a rather nice time doing it. You seem incredibly chilled about the whole experience which I'm not sure many people would be. Jack told me of your therapy background and I'd love to spend some time comparing notes on techniques and approaches."
It seemed to Jack that one side of the table was busy engaged in a discussion that he didn't feel like he was part of, so he happily let Christine and Angela natter away and instead enjoyed the company and conversation of Sinead, which he did as they enjoyed a leisurely lunch. After Jack had discretely picked up the check, he was briefly wondering where to go next with the conversation or indeed to finish and leave.
"Christine, Sinead, it has been lovely to meet you both. You ladies have helped with a tricky phase of the work that Jack is in Florida for, and I thank you for that. I know you both offered your number to Jack, and I totally get that. I wondered if you'd like to come back to the villa for... coffee?"
There was no mistaking Angela's innuendo, but it took only a couple of seconds and an exchange of glances before both women eagerly agreed to join them. Jack gave them the address, and he was in the car and well on their way with Angela when he finally spoke up.
"Coffee? Seriously that's your best pick up line?"
"It worked didn't it? These are two gorgeous women Jack, I know for sure you'll be very happy pleasuring both of them, and frankly so will I. You know I don't plan to bring every woman you meet and fuck back with us, but this pair are pretty exceptional. Oh, and Emily, we need to have her come to the villa sometime and soon."
Jack's jaw nearly hit the floor, and he wondered what sort of sexual demon he had unleashed in Angela, but for now he had three beautiful women coming back with him and he wasn't about to complain.
"You're full of surprises Angela. I don't know if it's the sunshine or all the beautiful women around you, but for someone who only experimented at University, you seem to have found an appetite for sex with women, and a healthy one at that."
"The therapist in me would tell you that an open expression of your sexuality is healthy for the mind, and when on holiday we all tend to relax and be a little bit less inhibited. On a practical level there's only one cock in the house, and whilst it's a great one, you can't fuck us all at the same time. So, opening up about my bisexual nature is not only healthy it's pragmatic."
"I do my best, but you know that I'm yours, don't you?"
"Of course I do, you silly sausage, but I love these women an awful lot too. What kind of friend would I be to Debbie or Laura if I told them you weren't allowed to fuck them anymore. They'd accept it, and be brilliant about it, but this is an amazing and unique moment for all of us here with you. Let's live the way we want to, not the way society dictates we should."
Jack might have driven a little bit faster following that conversation, and they were soon back at the villa, though for once it seemed they had the place to themselves as everyone appeared to be out and about.
Angela actually went and started to make coffee, which had Jack smiling, and soon enough Christine then Sinead arrived and entered the house. Jack offered to give them the 50-cent tour, with Sinead particularly impressed with the pool and hot tub, and casually commenting about the privacy they had out back. Christine peeked over the top of her sunglasses at that and raised an eyebrow, but said nothing aloud, though there did seem to be unspoken messages being exchanged. They only showed the master bedroom and ensuite to respect the privacy of their housemates and were back down in the lounge while Angela played mum and dished out coffee and cookies.
"So Jack, I see 6 bedrooms and I think you mentioned at lunch the house was full. How many other people are staying with you just now?"
He paused while he pondered Christine's question briefly.
"Eight in addition to us. We have my lawyer Natalie and her fiancé Julia, Debbie and Laura who tended to me during my treatment in the U.K. and who are wonderful friends now, and until Sunday we have Juliet, Ashleigh, Georgia and Jane who we met a few days ago and are here on a sunshine girly break. We invited them here instead of paying money to a hotel. Oh, and we have a couple more friends arriving later, Gemma and Felicity who work with one of the trans Atlantic airlines and are here for a few days."
Sinead jaw dropped as he casually reeled off the list of women staying in the house. Christine continued the conversation.
"Goodness. Am I right in thinking you've had sex with all of them? Multiple times? Even your lawyer?"
Jack smiled as Angela giggled beside him.
"Well...yes I have. All of them. Multiple times. To be clear I'm under no illusion that this is anything other than extraordinary, but it's where we all are and right now everyone is having a brilliant time."
Angela took her cue effortlessly.
"I understand the scepticism Christine. How does one man have a relationship with so many different women and for it to not create tensions or jealousy? It just seems to work for us and I've made it my business to spend time with every one of them separately away from Jack, and no one, I mean not one person has expressed regret about being here or of being sexually expressive amongst each other. We've possibly helped some women understand their sexuality better than before, but there are no arguments or hierarchies as to who gets to spend time with Jack. He just IS himself and we all have amazing fun."
"If I heard that from you Jack, I would have a hard time accepting that. But Angela is a well-educated, intelligent woman with professional insight into all of this, so I'm minded to accept what she says. Oh, and my god does she have the sexiest legs I think I've ever seen."
Angela blushed and mumbled something about telling Christine to stop it. Sinead chipped in.
"I'm not telling tales when I say that Christine told me that she'd had the most amazing sex with you. And not because of the size of your dick, though that doesn't do any harm, but she felt connected with you emotionally really quickly, and that you took your time and have brilliant oral skills. Guys with big dicks usually don't do that but you do."
She paused briefly, and her eyes moistened.
"I went home and cried after yesterday. But not why you might think. Jack you found my scars and you kissed them and told me that I was beautiful, even those marks. It's the first time since the surgery that a man had made me feel so...complete. I've no ovaries and I've got cancer in remission, but none of that matters. You made me let go of those fears and hang ups, and I'll love you forever for it."
The tears were descending her cheeks at this point, and Angela who was also teary eyed produced a tissue, sat beside her and they hugged for maybe a minute or more. Christine looked on and let the moment happen but looked at Jack in a way that approved how he had looked after her friend.
Angela took Sinead away to their bedroom and let her compose herself and tidy her make up. Once the door to the room shut, Christine spoke.
"I've been trying to get her to face this for almost a year, and you managed it in a couple of hours. Thank you, Jack."
"I told her the truth that she is beautiful and need never ever hide her scars, at least not from me. She deserves all the wonderful things in life Christine, so she needs to stop mourning the loss of a part of her and living to the full."
They had a couple more minutes of conversation until the two red heads returned, Sinead now composed and looking as beautiful as Jack had ever seen her, as she seemed to be glowing with confidence. She stepped to Jack who stood up and she gave him a bone crushing hug, and a whispered thank you.
"Angela tells me you guys don't bother too much with swimsuits by the pool. Anyone want to go skinny dipping?"
Christine looked moderately surprised but didn't resist when Angela took her and Sinead upstairs to undress and leave their clothes. Jack discretely followed and was soon stripping off himself, though it took only a few seconds to remove his shorts and polo shirt.
Angela was only wearing her dress which she slipped off her body in a moment, then discarded it. Sinead was similarly garbed, though she had a bra to remove to support her wonderful large breasts, and rapidly stiffening nipples. Christine took a little more time, as it turned out she was wearing gorgeous black lingerie and hold up stockings, which Angela noted and made a comment about her putting those back on a bit later.
High factor sun cream was produced, and the three women spent a few minutes covering each other, and while Jack was applying his own, nothing would prevent his cock from swelling quickly to full mast.
"It's alright girls, it does that all the time. Plenty of opportunity later to play with it I promise you."
Angela's statement brought laughter from the women and blushes to Jack's cheeks, but he behaved and grabbed a pile of towels and his phone, so he could play music poolside. They had just stepped onto the patio when Sinead squealed and jumped into the water. After her initial shock of the change in temperature, she ducked under the water and smoothed her hair back, then swam up and down for a bit, alternating between breast stroke and back stroke, and the image of her in the water was sexy no matter which way she turned.
Jack put on a playlist that he knew Laura enjoyed, and lay back for a bit his cock still not relenting at this point. It wasn't missed by the women either.
"I'm as horny right now as I think I've ever been Jack, and it would be a waste of such a gorgeous erection to not do something with it."
Christine waited for Jack to smile before straddling the sun lounger and positioning herself just below his groin. Jack pulled her to him and the kissed while she rubbed her pussy along the length of his cock, and he could feel her juices smearing against him. Christine's tongue darted in and out of his mouth, while he played with her breasts and teased her nipples into firm sensitive points of pleasure.
She paused only to raise herself and position him at her entrance, then slowly and carefully gliding an inch or two at a time inside. Jack remained patient and let her dictate the pace and was curious to see what she wanted to do next, though when she started long, slow strokes that seemed to make her body shudder with pleasure, he was not disappointed.
He heard Sinead getting out of the pool, and when Christine raised herself up from their kissing, a glance over showed Angela and her stroking each other's body and almost casually fingering each other. Christine glanced to the side and smiled, before resuming a slightly faster thrusting pace which Jack mirrored. She presented each breast in turn for him to place in his mouth, sucking and licking the nipples and getting very clear positive reactions to that.
"If you bite her nipples just right, you'll make her...oh there we go."
Jack was slightly ahead of Sinead's advice and a well-timed pinching of the teeth did indeed make Christine cum. He felt her body stiffen and her pussy clench on his cock, which felt wonderful. He stroked her arms and touched her cheek as the orgasm subsided.
"Oh wow! You're still hard and didn't cum? That move has always resulted in men getting off much too quickly to be any real fun, but your still like a rock. Angela, this man is a sex god!"
That prompted giggles from the two redheads who seemed to get more enthusiastic in their mutual pleasuring. Christine on the other hand was busy working up a pace that was now all about taking every ounce of pleasure from that moment, her hips thrusting up and down and the moans getting louder with each passing moment.
He could hear Angela building towards an orgasm, while Sinead was being rather vocal too, so he tried and just about succeeded in turning up the volume of the music to mask the very clear sex sounds emanating from their pool. He was convinced that Christine was very close to another orgasm, and he could clearly hear Angela's pre-climax sounds as she and Sinead were working up a head of steam.
However, it was Jack that came first, his hips suddenly pistoning up and down until he remained thrust skywards, impaling Christine on his cock as he exploded inside her. She followed shortly after, grinding her hips until Jack could feel her entire body shudder and shake with a huge orgasm. He wasn't honestly paying much attention to the other pair, but when he finally glanced over, they both looked very happy and contented, and he presumed that both had had a magnificent experience.
Christine had collapsed onto his chest, her body pressed against his as they both caught their breath, eventually raising herself off and onto her own bed, where she lay back and composed herself. Jack observed Christine in all her glory in that moment. Her skin glowed, a combination of beads of perspiration and a reddish tinge to her tanned skin, which Jack noted had no "white bits". Her large firm breasts rose and fell as she caught her breath, with her nipples still firm and perky atop. If they hadn't just fucked, he would have been very much interested in doing so.
Christine composed herself enough to catch Jack's gaze, which seemed to make her briefly uncomfortable.
"Stop it please Jack, you'll make me blush."
"Don't be silly. You're beautiful, smart, sexy as hell and we just had a rather excellent moment together. What is there to be embarrassed about?"
"Thank you, Jack, I've only been trying to tell her that for the last 6 months, maybe she'll finally listen to you? Somehow, she thinks she isn't worthy of the attention."
Sinead's tirade brought a smile to Christine's face, and it clearly wasn't the first time they'd discussed the subject. Angela pitched in.
"I don't doubt that just about every man, and probably half the women at that restaurant today saw you and went 'wow'. I don't know what you're looking for in life, but don't ever let anyone tell you that you're anything less than fabulous and worthy of attention."
Jack leaned over and gave her a tender kiss, which elicited a gentle moan. He could feel his cock start to respond, but before he could do anything further, he felt a gentle but firm touch on his cheek, as a Sinead turned his head and wagged her finger, announcing it was her turn. He shrugged his shoulders but smiled as he observed Angela lead Christine away to the hot tub, whilst he and Sinead had a very hot passionate snog, which restored his cock to full stiffness in very little time.
He stood up and lay Sinead down on the sunbed, while his mouth and tongue explored her body, neck, nipples, thighs until he settled to tonguing a wet pussy. He was in no rush and took his time with long last strokes of her outer lips, interspersed with occasional thrusts inside and a tease of her clit. She announced her pleasure with a long and shuddering sigh, in contrast to her rather vocal performance the previous day.
"Don't stop...this is wonderful..."
He didn't. He continued and varied his attentions until he was rewarded with a flush of fluids onto his face accompanied by a thrust upwards of her hips and shaking legs either side of his head. Jack moved up beside her and held her as the orgasm eventually subsided. Sinead looked quite drained, so they held each other and watched Christine and Angela demonstrate their oral abilities in turn on each other.
They all looked quite worn out, and as much as they enjoyed the late afternoon sunshine, they went back inside to the master suite and lay down, drifting off to a well-deserved afternoon nap, with Jack sandwiched between Angela to his front, with Sinead behind him while Christine spooned in behind her.
Jack felt movement behind him and woke to see Sinead wriggle away to trot to the bathroom. Christine was already up and sat in a chair as she carefully put on her stockings. He smiled at her and it was warmly returned.
"Perhaps we should be taking our leave. It's been wonderful, but I don't want to intrude on your other guests."
"Christine darling don't be silly. In this house you stay as long as you want, plus I think you'll enjoy meeting the other women. You might find it interesting."
Angela wasn't taking no for an answer, so Christine relented, but continued to get dressed. Sinead stood, a finger twisted in her hair while the conversation took place and looked thoroughly pleased that they were in no rush to go. She ran back towards the bed and bounced into it, hugging and kissing first Angela then Jack.
Debbie burst into the room carrying various shopping bags and demanding Angela come see. She paused only to smile at their two guests, then led the naked redhead out of the room.
"I like her! That has to be Debbie from how you've described her."
"Yes, that was Debbie. She's still working on remembering to knock on the door, though it's not as though she hadn't seen everyone else naked...or had sex with."
Sinead just laughed, while Christine smiled and shrugged her shoulders. Jack then suggested he introduce them to their remaining guests, so they all quickly dressed and went downstairs, and in turn he took time to properly introduce all of them to Christine and Sinead.
By the time they'd all returned, Natalie and Julia were busy in the kitchen making salad and steaks which they'd picked up at a farmer's market they'd found. There was no shortage of help as the table was laid and a veritable feast placed on the table. They were all set to tuck in when Ashleigh piped up asking if it was okay to say grace.
"I wanted to say thanks for the beautiful meal in front of us, for the gift of new friendships and these wonderful women who have taken us into their home and hearts. And last, but most certainly not least, thank you Jack. I can't speak for everyone, but if there's a warmer or more generous, giving soul out there...well I've yet to meet them. Without you none of this would be happening, and yet you're still a thoroughly modest man with a big heart. You change the lives of the people you meet, and for the better."
There was a moments pause, followed by a chorus of amen. Then swiftly, the food was served, and a warm happy chatter descended around the dinner table, though Jack smiled warmly and mouthed a 'thank you' to Ashleigh.
After the meal was complete and everything tidied away, Jack wandered around the house, dropping into little groups and joining the conversations. He saw Angela and Christine in deep conversation, occasionally joined by one or other of the housemates. Debbie and Sinead were chilling out in the hot tub, while Andi and Laura seemed to be content cuddling into each other as Fiona and Jane were doing laps in the pool. All in all, it was very relaxed, and you could be forgiven for thinking that they'd all known each other for a very long time, such was the intimacy of the gatherings and conversations.
Christine and Sinead made to leave eventually, and so Jack and Angela saw them out to the door. They exchanged warm hugs and kisses and made polite chatter before leaving.
"Jack, Angela, I just want to say what blast it's been to be with you today. Sinead and I haven't had a fun day like this in a long time. You two look after each other, you're both very special."
"Christine darling, you two are very special women two. Let's make sure we see you before we have to return home. Oh, Jack and I will look forward to seeing you when you get to London next year."
Jack raised an eyebrow, but said their farewells, and Angela explained that Christine was planning to attend a conference in the U.K. and had promised to visit when she did so.
"Did you know they've just started dating? They've been dancing around it for a while, and think they just feel like a great fit together. Sinead told me she declined Christine's first invitation until she got her all clear. I think they've got a chance. "
Jack nodded and thought if two people looked like they could use some happiness, it was Christine and Sinead, and he concurred that they made a great couple. It was getting late and they were about to head up to bed, when he heard a minor ruckus out by the pool. As he stepped outside, he could hear an animated conversation and laughter. It transpired that Laura was at the centre of it all.
"Oh Jack, we've just had a wonderful idea! Our Ohio ladies travel home on Sunday, so we thought it would be nice to have a little shindig to say farewell. What do you think about a costume party?"
Whilst the question was genuine, it appeared to Jack that the decision had already been taken and that Saturday was going to be party time for the villa once more. He paused only briefly before agreeing and left the group to their discussions over who would be wearing what.
Angela took him by the arm and led him inside up to bed.
"I haven't been to a fancy-dress party in years! It'll be such fun, now. All you need to do is figure out who you want to go as. I've just invited Christine and Sinead, and Debbie was talking about inviting 'the girls at the lab' too."
Jack had a little earlier got a message from Gemma and Felicity telling him their flight was delayed but they'd get in later and could they still come stay, which of course he absolutely agreed to. He gave the women the code for the door and went to bed to cuddle up to Angela. It had certainly been an interesting day, but somehow the weekend was shaping up to be even more fun.