Want to wish everyone a very Happy, loving and prosperous New Year.
Everyone in the story is at least 18 and of legal age. This is a story of fiction and all characters are fictitious. Names and places are made up and of course, anything like this should never happen in real life. I believe the naked female body is the most beautiful sight in the world and should be seen by all.
I want to thank Sadkins116 for all his help, guidance and suggestions while writing my stories.
Please enjoy and don't forget to vote and/or comment.
*****
Once we left the shoe store, I was told to lead them to the food court. Lucky for me, there were signs pointing the way. So, with my naked ass out on display, I walked toward the food court.
I heard Steph say, "Look, the slut is just like Rudolf, guiding us with her bright red ass. Rudolf used his nose and the slut is using her ass. So, sweet."
I was getting pissed now. She has no right to call me a slut. I'll do as they say today because knowing her, she'll convince them that I was being bad and would take all my clothes away and leave me at the mall by myself. I think she hates me, but don't know why. Maybe she is jealous because I dare to show my naked body to others and she doesn't, even though I think she secretly wants to be in my shoes.
I almost stopped to tell her off, but I still wanted to show off in public. I figured I would get the thrill in today and then once back home, I would pack up and move to the dorms again. I would explain to Ron and Joan, but not Steve and Steph.
I made it to the food court and walked in, waiting for them to tell me what to do next. I felt proud that my naked ass was out for others to see, but was also worried that someone would complain. I didn't want to be in trouble, but it excited me to be seen like this.
We went through the order line and got our food. Joan picked out a table where I would be seen by everyone and told me where to sit, Exposing me even more. As I sat down, I made sure my naked ass was on the chair and my legs were spread, just like my rules stated. I was going to follow the rules until we got home.
"Sally, raise the front of your skirt so your pussy shows. We want a lot of people to see it." Ron told me.
I did what he wanted and exposed my naked bald pussy, which was wide open for all to see because my legs were spread so far apart. I loved showing off in front of others and it was even hotter, not knowing anyone who was looking at my naked little pussy. I was getting so hot and wet down there, I was sure everyone could see my wetness.
We ate our lunch, while I exposed myself. Then when we were all done, Joan said, "OK, time for some more fun. But I think we need Sally to show more than her naked ass. What do you guys think?"
Steph said, "Yeah, I agree. I think it is time for the slut to be naked."
That pissed me off even more. I almost told her to fuck off and that I quit. But, I wanted to see just how far they would make me go. I wouldn't mind the naked part, but she has to stop referring to me as a slut. I will hate it when I leave our house to live in the dorms, but I can't stay around her any longer.
"Well, I think she should show more, but being naked isn't going to happen just yet." Steve told us.
Wow, he is going against Steph. I liked him more now, but still wasn't happy because he was with her and she is beginning to make me so mad.
"What do you suggest?" Ron asked him.
"I've got an idea," Joan told everyone, "follow me."
We all walked behind Joan. Everything was normal, except the fact that I still had my naked ass out in the open. I had no idea where we were going, but I was excited to do more for them. I wanted to be exposed to the max. But, if Steph continues calling me a slut, I will quit. Maybe I can call Larry and he can help me out, since he seemed interested in me.
We walked through the mall and then Joan stopped in front of a store. She said, "Sally, sit on that bench with your legs wide apart. Make sure your little pussy is visible to anyone who wants to look. We will be right back to get you."
I didn't pay attention to what the store was until I sat down and opened my legs to expose myself. Then I looked up at the sign and started to get nervous again. The sign said, 'SEXY AND SHEAR LINGERIE'. What will they make me do here? Am I going to be made to get some sexy things to wear? Where would I wear something like that? I have to be naked at home? Will they make me wear it in public?
So many things going through my head. I never even paid attention to who might be looking at my pussy, which was on display and I knew it was wet. It had to be glistening because I was so turned on. I quickly looked around and saw a group of young men standing across from me and they were snapping pictures with their phones. I almost closed my legs, but knew the rules and left them open. Really, I opened them up more so they could get a better look.
I sat on the bench, waiting for my friends and showing my naked pussy to anyone and everyone who wanted to look. I felt so excited that I almost put my hand to my pussy to masturbate, but thought that would be too much. So, I just sat and waited for them to return.
It took them about 20 minutes inside the store and then Joan came back. "Sally, come with me. You must do everything we say this time. You can't say no to anything. But don't worry, you won't be in trouble and no one will fuck you."
I just stood up and followed her into the store where the others were waiting for me. I didn't say anything. I didn't argue with her. I just thought that this might be the last time I get to show off, so I was going to do whatever they decided I should do.
Once I was with all of them again, Steph said, "STRIP SLUT"
Oh, my, God, I was going to be naked in a public place again. I was nervous, but excited as I began to remove all my clothes. They told me my shoes had to come off also. I had my blouse and skirt off before bending over to remove the 5 inch heeled shoes that never got paid for. Then, once they were off, I was totally naked from head to toe.
I looked around me and saw that they had not put the closed sign up in this store because there were other people inside with me. But I was the only one naked. I wondered how long it would be before the manager or store clerk would call the police or just throw me out.
But that didn't happen. "Sally, today you are going to be the stores model. You will stay naked until someone gives you something to put on so they can see what it looks like on a real-live mannequin. You will also be the window display at times, so just behave and do as you are told." Steve said.
I thought this was a little extreme, but I was also excited to be naked again. I don't know why, but I love having people look at my naked body. It just turns me on.
"OK, I can do that as long as I don't get in trouble and there is no fucking." I said.
Just then, someone handed me a pair of panties and a bra. "Put these on and walk around the store for the customers to see them. Remember, you can be touched anyplace and you have the authority to stop them from entering your pussy. But your ass can be probed if they want to." Ron told me.
I slipped the very sheer thong up my legs and then put the sheer bra on. I might as well have been naked, because everything I had, showed through the thin material. I had a chance to look in a mirror and noticed it looked like all I had was strings around my waist and my tits. My pussy was out there for all to see and my hard nipples poked out from the thin material. My pussy was getting wet and I knew once I started leaking, they would be soaked. I wondered what they would do with the things I had to wear.
"Sally, just walk around to let the other customers see how it all looks on you. The manager wants to make some sales and you must promote his products for him. If you can't make any sales, he gets to spank you." Joan told me.
"And, you will walk out of here naked or in something so sheer it will look like you are naked, slut." Steph added.
There she goes again, calling me a slut. I started to really dislike her more each time she opened her mouth. This may be my last day to do anything. That is unless they can come up with something for her to do for me. I would like to see her suffer from being made to do things that she hates to do. But, I will wait till I talk with Ron and Joan about her.
I walked around the store, trying to encourage the patrons to buy the sheer panties and bra. I told all of them that they could feel the fabric and me to if they wanted to. I also told them I was a virgin and requested no one put a finger in my pussy.
Several of the men did feel me up and a few women touched the fabric covering my tits and pussy. But, no one seemed to want to buy this set of underthings. I was getting nervous now because if I don't sell some of the items for the store, I would be spanked once again. Not to mention that I might have to walk through the mall naked or barely covered.
Joan said, "Not doing so good Sally, so you deserve 5 swats on your naked ass. Now, take those off and get ready for something new."
I slipped the bra off from my tits and slid the panties down my legs. I held them in my hand, but didn't know where to put them so I could put something else on.
That is until Steph told me, "Just stuff them in your mouth, slut. Panties first so you can taste that sloppy cunt. But both will go in and I don't want to see them either."
God, I hated her so much now. She is so mean and I almost told her to fuck off, but then realized I still needed a ride home and we were in her boyfriend's car. She would tell him not to let me in and I wouldn't have clothes to wear. I would have to find a way home while naked. So, I stuffed the panties in my mouth, then put the little bra in my mouth too.
My mouth was so full that I looked like a damn chipmunk that had just eaten a bunch of nuts, but I did what I was told. I couldn't talk. All I could do was mumble around the underwear. I was so embarrassed to be standing there naked with the panties and bra in my mouth because everyone in the store saw me do it.
"OK, Sally, just walk around so everyone gets a look at your naked body. The manager is looking for something new for you to try on. Once he finds what he wants, you'll obey him, just like you would us." Ron told me.
I just started walking around so everyone got a good look at me. I was felt up and rubbed all over while I walked. One guy even stuck his finger in my ass once he had me bend over. I was bent at my waist and he spit on my ass before sticking his finger in me. Then he finger-fucked my ass while everyone was watching. I did enjoy that some, but I was still embarrassed that he did it.
The manager came up to me with another pair of panties in his hand. He said, "Put these on and follow me."
I slid the panties up my legs and covered my pussy, but then noticed they were not regular panties. They were crotch less and my pussy was exposed. But I did what he said and followed him toward the front of the store.
Once we got to the front, I saw people walking past the big glass window and most of them looked in at me. Now I was seen by people in the store and those who walked past. Maybe they would come in and buy some of the panties.
"Ok, get up in the window and sit in the big chair there. Once there, put your legs over the arms and do not move till told to." The manager told me.
I did as he said. I didn't argue with him at all. I couldn't say anything because my mouth was stuffed with the panties and bra, so I just got up in the window and sat in the chair, just like I did at home. Once I sat down, my legs opened and my legs went to the arms of the chair.
I knew what I looked like sitting there since they had taken pictures of me like that at home. I knew my pussy was wide open and everyone looking in would get a good view of me. Of course, that turned me on because I wanted everyone to see me. But it was a little different this time because the crotch less panties framed my wide open slit.
I leaned back in the chair and wondered if anyone would come in and buy some of these for their own use or maybe a husband might get them for his wife. I looked out and saw my 4 friends staring in at me and they were all taking pictures of me. Of course, it looked like many others were also taking pictures of my naked pussy.
I don't know how long I sat there, not moving, but watching people walk past, stop and stare, take pictures and point at me. I felt my pussy getting wet and knew it was winking at the people. And that turned me on even more. Maybe I should give up and let someone fuck me, but I vowed to let my husband be the first to enter me once I found him.
After what felt like hours of sitting there with my pussy wide open and on display, the manager came up to me and took the panties and bra from my mouth. Then told me to get up and follow him. He seemed very happy this time. He took me toward the back again where my friends waited for me.
"Well, I guess I can't spank that naked ass now. She helped sell 10 pair of those panties, so she gets to keep those, along with the first ones." He told my friends.
"OK, what's next?" Steve asked.
"Well, I have a nice baby doll nightie I would love to see on her. Maybe she can sell some of those too." The manager said.
"That is great, but since she didn't sell any of the first set, I still think she needs to be punished. She was told that if she didn't sell the items, you would spank her. We said 5 swats, but that was 5 swats per article. So, before she puts the nightie on, we would like you to spank her naked ass 10 times." Ron told him.
"Well, if you insist. Take those off Sally and get ready. I'll be right back with the nightie." The manager told me.
I slid the crotch less panties off and was told to put them in a bag. They told me that the manager gave them to me for helping him. I also saw the other panties and bra in there. Then I waited. I was going to get another spanking. That would make 3 times today, but I guess I should do it so I can go home and tell them I quit.
The manager came back to us with a little baby doll nightie in his hand. It didn't look big enough to cover all of me. It really didn't look big enough to cover much of me, but I would put it on for him and model it.
Once he was back with us, Joan said, "Sally, let's make a deal. We let you wear this nightie for a while and see if you can sell any of them. This all happens before you get spanked again. Think you can sell some for the nice man?"
"I believe I can, but what is the rest of the deal?" I asked her.
"Well, if you can sell 5 of them, you won't get spanked. But, if you don't sell 5, you get spanked the 10 times, plus 2 extra spanks for each one you don't sell." Joan said.
I was thinking about it and thought if I could sell 5, we could go home. But as I was thinking, Steph had to open her mouth. "If you don't sell all 5, you not only get spanked, but you wear the nightie out of here, half way through the mall."
I wasn't sure I liked that part of it. But, I had a question. "You said half way through the mall. What happens after that?"
Steph laughed and then said, "Once we are half way out, you strip naked and walk the rest of the way through the mall like that. In other words, you will be totally naked in the mall so everyone can see you."
Oh shit, that can't happen. I have to have something on, I thought. But then she talked some more. "But, if you want to wear clothes out of here and through the mall, you have to sell at least 5 nighties or you can fuck the manager while we all watch."
"Well, I am not going to fuck anyone, so I guess if I can't sell the nighties, I'll be exposed even more. Give me the nightie so I can start selling it." I said.
I just wanted to get this over with and out of the mall. I wanted to get home, so I can start packing my things to get away from Steph. She was never like this before. I wondered if she would do what I agreed to do. Maybe that's why she is being so mean to me. But, I had to do it so I could leave.
I took the nightie and put it on. I was right, it didn't cover much. Yes, my tits got covered some, but the nightie was shear so they could still be seen. The nightie just barely covered my pussy, but it was shear enough to show my slit. I think there is supposed to be panties with it, but he didn't bring them.
"I have baby doll nighties and they all came with panties. Doesn't this one have them?" I asked.
"No, this particular one doesn't have panties. It is supposed to be worn just like you have it on. For some reason, it is made to arouse the male partner." The guy said.
"OK, guess I had better get to work if I want to sell any of them. Is there anything I need to know about it? Like what sizes you have, what colors, and things like that." I asked.
"I have all the sizes anyone would want and the colors are red, white, pink, black and green." He told me.
I left the space we were in and began walking around the store, showing the customers what it looked like. I was felt up quite a bit, but did not make any sales. So, I walked out into the mall in front of the store. I tried to sell the people out there the nightie and explain to them that it would help in relationships. But still no sales that I knew of.
I tried to sell them, but it was no good. People didn't want it. So, after about an hour of walking around half naked, I gave up and walked back into the store. My friends were waiting for me, along with the manager.
He looked at me and said, "Well, I did sell one of them so thank you for modeling them for me."
I was pleased that I sold one for him, but then Steph ruined everything for me. "Well, slut, since you didn't sell 5 of them, we will give you a choice. Really, it is 4 choices."
I just stared at her, but said, "Ok, what choices do I have. I just want to go home, so let's get this over with."
"Oh, getting an attitude slut?" She said.
"No, I just want to leave and go home. I'm tired and my ass hurts. I loved showing off, but the rest was not nice." I said.
"OK, that is ok Sally," Joan said, "Here is option one. You will get 18 spanks on your naked ass, then walk through the mall in just the nightie. And yes, half way out you will strip totally naked."
I listened but didn't say anything. I wondered what the other options were. And I was going to find out real soon.
"Option 2 is that you take off the nightie, get the spanking and walk out of here naked, except for your new shoes." Steve said.
I was considering those 2 options when Ron said, "The third option is you fuck the manager, and let him pop your cherry, then we will give you clothes to wear home."
And Steph finished it up with, "The last and final offer slut, you suck the manager, Ron and Steve, making sure you swallow all their cum. We will give you clothes once you get done."
"That isn't giving me much of a choice is it. I don't want to be spanked and I will not allow anyone to fuck me. I know you say that sucking cock is not sex, but I won't suck anyone's cock until I suck my husband on my wedding night. It was bad enough that I had to jerk off the other guy, but you are all going too far. So, I guess if I must, I'll get spanked, wear the nightie out and strip naked later. I just want to go home." I told them.
"Sally, you agreed to let us decide what you will do and when. Your only objection was you would not get in trouble, arrested or fucked." Joan said. "So, we gave you the options, which you don't want to do any of them. So, now we decide what you do. Do you agree to that?"
"I said I would take the spanking and walk out in the little nightie then strip later. What else do you want from me?" I questioned them.
"Well, I guess if that is what you want, then let's get busy. But, remember, if you get arrested it is your own fault this time. We have given you a way to get out of being caught naked and put in jail." Ron said.
"I have always wanted to be naked like this, so that is my choice. I don't want the spanking, but will take it. I just don't want to get fucked or be made to suck cocks." I told them.
"OK, then, Steve you have the ping pong paddle ready?" Steph said.
"Yep, got it. Get over his lap and take your punishment Sally." Steve said.
I started to get over the managers lap, but Joan stopped me. "One more chance to wear clothes out of here Sally. Instead of a spanking, all you have to do is suck his cock or let him fuck your ass. You won't lose your virginity if you use your mouth or ass."
"No, I won't do either one. If you want to spank me, go ahead, but we need to leave here and go home." I said.
"OK, let's begin." Ron said.
I got over the managers lap, with my naked ass up in the air. The little nightie rode up and rested on my back. Then it was time to feel the pain again, but it had to be better than sucking or fucking, no matter where a cock went. I wasn't about to have anyone fuck me in the ass. I wouldn't even let my husband do that once I get married. It was not right for a cock going into an ass. That was meant for getting rid of stuff, not take something it in.
"Don't forget to count slut. You have 18 coming to you, which means you get 9 on each naked cheek. Go ahead sir, use the paddle so you don't hurt your hand." Steph said.
I was crying even before the first blow hit me. I hated all of them now and would quit as soon as I could. I would quit right now, but I needed a ride home. He rubbed my ass to start with and then that stopped. But, the pain started and he hit hard.
"SPLAT" "one, thank you."
"Two, thank you." I was sniffling, trying not to scream in pain.
"Three, thank you, four thank you, five thank you." I cried. I had to stop this somehow.
"Six, thank you, seven, thank."
"STOP!! Please STOP. I'll suck his cock, just make him stop." I yelled.
"OK, stop the spanking. Slut, get off his lap and get his cock out. Make sure you take it all and when he cums, you will swallow." Steph said.
I was crying. My ass hurt so bad, I just couldn't take any more. I had to do something, so decided I would take his cock in my mouth. I just hoped the others didn't want me to suck them too. I slid off his lap, opened his pants and looked at his cock. I almost laughed at it. He didn't have a very big cock at all. I had now seen 4 different cocks and they were all different. Billy, the shoe guy had the biggest one, but this guy was small. It might have been 4 or 5 inches, if it even made it that far.
I leaned over and took him in my mouth. I hated doing this, but at least he wouldn't choke me. I sucked on him for about 2 minutes and he stiffened up and I got my first taste of male sperm. It was nasty and I knew then that I wouldn't be sucking off too many guys. I hated it.
The guy pushed me away and I sat back. My ass was on fire and I just wanted to get out of the mall and go home. "You all happy now. I sucked his little cock and swallowed that nasty cum. Now give me my clothes and take me home."
I was so angry, I would have walked out just like I was, dressed in that little sheer nightie. But I wanted out and I was going to quit. Once I got out of here, I would call Larry and see if he could meet me someplace. I needed to talk to someone other than the 4 people who were supposed to be my friends. But, I had to get out of here first.
"Well, since you gave us a hard time slut, you have to walk out like you are." Steph said.
I had all I could take of her. "Fuck you bitch. I want my clothes and I want them now. You have abused me all you are going to."
Well, that didn't go over so good with Steph or Steve. Steve said, "Nope, you ain't going to say that to my girlfriend. You can just walk home if that is how you are going to act."
"Wait a minute," Joan said, "I agree with Sally. We went overboard with her. After all, she only wanted to show off, but we pushed her into doing other things. So, if she can't ride with you, we will get a taxi or something to get home. Sally, here are your clothes. Get dressed."
"Yes, I also agree." Ron said.
Steph looked at me, and said, "Sally, I am sorry. I didn't mean to piss you off. Please accept my apology. I will make it up to you somehow. Steve, I deserved to be called a bitch, so just drop it. I will make it up to her somehow."
I was crying as I put my clothes back on. I was dressed in no time with the same skirt and blouse I left home in. I was expecting them to raise the back of my skirt, but no one touched it. I was ready to get out of here and get home. I had packing to do and I had to explain why I was going back to the dorms or maybe to Larry's, if he lived alone.
Once I was dressed, Joan said, "Let's get out of here. We all have lots to think about."
We left the store and I walked behind everyone this time. I didn't want to even be near them, especially Steph. However, she did say she would make it all up to me. I started thinking about what I would want her to do for me and I started feeling better, even if my ass was still on fire.
We all got in Steve's SUV and he drove us home. I sat in back with Ron and Joan, while Steph sat in front with Steve. The ride home was very quiet. No one was saying anything. I guess they were like me, thinking about what had happened and how we would move forward from it.
We got back to the house and we all went inside. I went straight to my room and shut the door. All rules were off the table now and I needed my privacy. I just laid on my bed and cried myself to sleep. I wanted to do more, but couldn't do it now, not with these 4 people who used to be my friends.
I was going to sleep and then tell them in the morning I was leaving. I didn't want any hard feelings, but I just couldn't let any more happen to me. I was doing good until Steph started calling me a slut and then all the spankings. I never asked for that. I just want to show off my naked body and now that would stop, unless I could find someone else to help me. Maybe Larry could do it for me. I would ask him once I moved out.