Chapter 2
Millicent O'Sullivan -- The Next Morning
Millie fell asleep thinking of how she would tell Cindy about her admirer and the cataclysmic heel orgasms knowing Cindy would never believe her unless she managed to do it again in her presence. Well why the fuck not? She thought moments before falling into a deep sleep.
The young teen woke up earlier than usual and remarkably refreshed. She showered, donned her essential make-up and after dressing for school, joined her parents for breakfast, which for once, ended without anyone flaring up over any little thing as was the usual case in the O'Sullivan family.
Once outside, Millie hoisted her backpack into place, which served to force her oversized breasts out even more than normal, retrieved her bike---she refused to ride the school bus unless it was teeming rain—and walked the bike over to the tree from which her unknown admirer had stationed himself the previous night.
Millie gasped on seeing the remnants of semen about knee level on the side of the oak tree.
He---he jerked off watching me! She opened her blouse and pressed her C+ breasts against the dried crust of semen still present on the tree's bark while enjoying a mini orgasm as she mentally visualized her secret admirer masturbating while watching her playing with her titties in front of her window.
Jeez ... should I be pissed off or treat it as a compliment?
Climbing on her bike she decided to take it as a compliment, and then thought she had better clean it off the tree as it was fairly obvious. Taking a couple tissues from her purse, she wiped the residue from the tree and closely examined it even brought it to her nose and sniffed it.
So that's what cum smells like, she thought. Not exactly like mine or Cindy's, but there is a slight resemblance. I wonder who the peeper is. Wait until Cindy hears about it. She'll piss her pants.
Brody & Slattery
Slattery couldn't wait until he met with Brody the following morning and called him on his cell phone.
"What?" Brody barked, knowing his friend wanted to gloat about seeing something special after he'd left.
"Hey, dude ... we're gonna do it again tonight right?"
"Do what, Slats?"
"Check that chick out, you know? What a pair of tits ... man I can't wait to tell the guys...."
"Don't be an even bigger asshole than you already are, Slats.
"Huh, what the fuck are you talkin' about?"
"You open your mouth to just one person and you ruin everything."
"I don't get it. We saw, so I tell a couple guys and we all truck on over and ... OHHH!"
"I take it you get my point," Brody said.
"Um, yeah. I tell one and everybody wants in on the action. Next thing you know, her old man's called the cops and we're running for our lives."
"Plus we never get to see her lovelies again. Remember that last part."
"So what do we do until it gets dark?"
"That'll be around 9:30, maybe 10:00. We wait---not there, but we find something to do while we wait. My house is only three blocks from hers. We could play some video games to pass the time."
"Sounds like a plan."
"Hey, numb nuts?"
"What, Brody?"
"Do not let me catch you jerkin' off again. If I do, I'll twist those nuts of yours right off and shove 'em down your throat."
"Yeah, you and what fucking army?"
Brody grabbed Slattery in a headlock and started giving him a nuggie on the top of his head.
"HEY—HEY—LAY OFF! LAY OFF! I GIVE—I GIVE!"
Millie & Cindy
The two teens were alone for the moment in the girl's locker room changing from gym shirts and shorts into their regular clothing.
Cindy had a hand on Millie's right breast as she attempted to hook her bra.
Millie giggled, "You'd better stop it. Someone will catch us."
"Don't you like it?" Cindy said with a pouty expression.
"I absolutely love it, but we can't afford to get caught, Cindy!"
"Ohhhh I so wanna go down on you again. Can we do it at your house?"
"Are you crazy? My mother's always home and my dad gets home around 4:30."
"I'd say my place, but Ellen's having some friends over---social friends, not ... you know those special friends."
"Jeez, I almost forgot to tell you ...."
"What?"
"Last night ... jeez ... there's so much ...."
"Millie! For fuck's sake, tell me!"
"Okay---Okay! Well first off ... you're not gonna believe any of this ...."
"Tell me before I kill you!"
"So I was prancing around in my bedroom, you know? And well, I was making my boob shake this way and that ...."
"And?"
"I got this feeling, you know?"
Cindy nodded her head and waited.
"Like someone was there---not in the room with me---but out there." Millie pointed at the window across the room."
"You mean you had a peeper?"
Millie shook her head emphatically. "YES! A PEEPER!"
"So what did you do?"
"Well, I didn't call my Dad, for one. I mean, it was kinda exciting, you know? I mean someone's out there watching me shake my titties and all. Like who the fuck was it?"
"You're saying you kept on dancin' around and playing with your tits?"
"Um, yeah, I did. It was hot, you know? I mean, like who the fuck was it? Was it some dirty old man, or a pervert?"
Cindy rushed in with her own suggestion. "Maybe it was someone from school, like an unknown admirer?"
"From school? Oh—Oh---Oh I didn't finish! I finally shut my light off and ran to the window. I hid so I wasn't seen, and I'm pretty sure I saw him leaving. Well someone was walking away and it could have been from the tree he was hiding behind."
"Wow! I mean, holy Fuck! That's some story!
"That's not all of it."
"Jesus, what else is there?"
"Um, well two things actually. I'll finish off the peeper first then tell you what happened next."
"You lead an adventurous life, Millie. Nothing that exciting ever happens to me."
"Oh yeah? Well what about all the sex, huh?"
"Well yeah, there is that. But you said there was more, so tell me---tell me!"
"This morning when I left the house I went straight to the Oak tree and guess what I saw?"
"A fucking note! He left you a note!"
Millie burst out laughing. "No---No nothing like that. But he did leave something. He must have jerked off while watching me, because there was semen all over the base of the tree."
"No shit?"
"No, semen!"
That set both girls off on a laughing binge and it wasn't until they'd both sobered up that Millie thought to tell Cindy what else happened to her that night.
"I was so horny after seeing him leave that I flopped down on my bed and masturbated."
"Sounds like the natural thing to do under the circumstances," Cindy said.
At this point both girls had resumed donning their school clothes and were almost ready to leave the gym knowing someone would be looking for them sooner than later and they had no plausible excuse for being there so long after PE had ended.
"This masturbation was weird, Cindy."
"Oh, how?"
"Somehow I was sitting upright, you know? And my foot got wedged under me. Normally I'd have left it there, but I was wanting to play with myself, so I wriggled a little too kinda shift the foot to one side."
"Yeah?"
"Um, only it didn't work out the way I thought it would."
Millie paused, wondering if she should confide the entire story to her friend, then decided to do just that.
"Somehow ... don't ask me how, cause I don't know; my heel got lodged in my vagina."
"What?" Cindy croaked hoarsely.
"You heard me. My heel ... got into my vag. It felt fantastic! So I fiddled around a bit and the next thing I knew I was cumming big time. I tell you, I managed to work that heel into my twat and fuck myself silly. I squirted a couple times---soaked the fucking sheets. It was incredible!"
"Show me how you did it!" Cindy said imploringly.
"I will—I will! As soon as we can be alone someplace."
"I can't wait to tell Ellen, you know, to see if she or any of her friends have tried it that way."
"She probably has ... but you never know. Maybe I'm like the Marco Polo of vaginal orgasms."
Brody and Slattery
"So you think she'll show her tits off again tonight?" Slattery asked his best friend as they entered the school cafeteria for lunch.
"How the fuck should I know?" Brody replied. "We go over, wait a while and see what happens."
"But she put the light out. Doesn't that mean she saw us?"
Brody gave Slats a disdainful look. "Maybe, maybe not. The thing is if we don't go over we'll never know, right?"
"Yeah, I guess so. But what if her old man's waiting for us?"
"You mean what do we say if we're caught?"
"Yeah."
"We deny it. We weren't there to look in her window. I mean if she's prancing around naked, or almost naked, we could admit we saw her from the street as we passed by and those tits of hers caused us to come closer for a better look. And why the hell was she showing off like that in the first place?"
"I like your thinking Brody. Yeah, I like it," Slattery said sounding very much relieved. "So, you wanna shoot some baskets before we go home?"
"Sounds good, then we'll meet after dinner and scope her place out."
Cindy & Millie
It was Cindy who came up with what she termed a 'viable plan' to catch the peeping Tom. "It's simple enough she told her friend. "Just repeat what you were doing last night. Maybe go completely naked, you know?"
"Wait a minute! I wasn't planning on exhibiting my body last night. Now you want me to show my pussy too?"
"It adds to the overall effect," Cindy said somewhat self-righteously. "Besides, they'll be expecting to see more."
"Shit, I doubt they'll even come back, Cindy."
Are you kidding? After seeing those lovelies of yours they'd be crazy not to want another look at them. Besides, I'll be looking at them too. You don't want to deprive me of a look at them, do you?"
"So, here's what I suggest. When it gets good and dark out, you put a light on and start posing in front of the mirror. Maybe touch your puss just a little, you know? Draw the moths closer to the flame."
"And just what are you doing to protect me from this pervert?"
I'll be hidden off to the side of the tree with my cell phone and a big ole flashlight. When I'm
Positive it's him; I'll get his pic, and then light him up while yelling my brains out! You can call your Dad and he can call the police."
"Wait a minute---just wait a minute! Why get my Dad involved? I don't want him to know I'm posing naked where this pervert can get his rocks off watching me. That scenario makes me as guilty as the fuckin' peeper!"
"Hmmm, now that you mention it ...."
"Yeah, I DO mention it!"
"Okay, what if I take the pic---you throw on some clothes and get down here and confront ... well I'll have already started confronting him, but you can join in. Then if your Dad happens to join us---I'm not sayin' he will, mind you, just if—well, you're dressed and we caught us a peeper. Umm, you suspected someone was out there and we made our little plan and so ...."
"And so we appear to be in the clear unless the peeper lets the fucking world and my Dad know he was watching me show off my titties to anyone walking by---which he just happened to be doing. And moreover, he was in Tucson Arizona last night, not outside my fuckin' window!"
"You know, you use the F word a lot, Millie."
"Fuck you, Cindy. I don't think it's a good idea. I'll just be careful how I dress, or undress at night. Maybe draw the shades. Fuck whoever saw me last night. That's history!"
Cindy saw that her friend was adamant about not going along and gradually conceded that her plan had certain deficiencies she couldn't figure out how to correct---at least not yet.
"Maybe if we think about it we can come up with a better---much better plan, you think?"
"Do you know how to take no for an answer, Cindy?"
"Yeah, I guess," she said so dispiritedly that Millie took pity on her.
"I'll tell you what."
"What!"
"You can hide in the bushes, or wherever. I'll put a light on, but I won't be posing. I'll be fully dressed and waiting by the front door. Then if he happens by, he'll tip us off by hiding by the tree or some other place that gives him a view of my room and he'll wait for me to show up."
"Yeah?"
"If he shows and if he hides while watching you can take his pic and light him up. I'll be out the front door the second the light him up and we'll both confront him. So if my Dad does get into it somehow, it won't be because I was dancing nude in my window."
Cindy hugged Millie, and then kissed her, adding plenty of tongue.
"Mmmm, but better stop it before somebody sees us," Millie said.
Cindy saw the latent want in the other's eyes and thought about pushing it, but then realized Millie was probably right and that if things went well later they'd be so hot for one another that they'd probably hump each other against the fucking Oak tree.
________________________________________
Millie sat down in her French class and looked around. She had been feeling hornier than ever now that she and Cindy had decided on a viable plan to catch the peeper. She was playing a game that had recently---since meeting Cindy and her mother---been foremost in her mind. That is, zeroing in on a male or female student at school an imagining having them as hot and horny as she was.
Every type female was on view here in the French class; blondes, brunettes, redheads, even one girl with purple dyed hair to go with the rest of her Goth look. Most of the girls had smallish breasts---Millie had felt their eyes on her and knew they were all jealous to some extent and silently reveled in their envy.
It occurred to her that even those without any real bumps on their chests were wearing tight tops and mini-skirts that showed off their legs and pert asses.
Millie didn't share this particular class with Cindy and perhaps thinking about Cindy's mouth doing things to her had made her pussy wet enough to cause her concern about whether or not she needed to use the restroom to wipe herself dry.
She decided to wait a little longer when Jessica Stillwell walked past wearing a skirt so short Millie could make out the cheeks of her ass as she bent over and shoved it back against Royal Herder---her on again, off again boy friend.
Millie knew he was jamming his boner into her ass crack and only stopped when the door to the class opened and Miss Eckstein came in with an armful of books. Millie turned away from the semi-rutting couple to face the front of the class and sighed when the material of her lace bra rubbed across her stiffened nipples.
That did it. Millie knew her pussy was flowing and raised her hand and asked permission to use the 'Ladies.'
She was in the last stall wiping the excess fluid from her pussy when she heard Cindy's unmistakable voice.
"Like a goddamn buffet, ain't it?"
Millie laughed and greeted Cindy with, "So did you follow me in, or what?"
"Anyone in particular you'd like to go down on?"
"Well, one person does come to mind, but there are so many fish swimming by, I can't make up my mind."
Both girls started to laugh.
"Couldn't go wrong with any of them," Cindy said as she tried the door to the stall. It was locked.
"Gonna let me in?"
The door opened slowly and Cindy quickly stepped into the stall, closed then locked the door behind her and pulled her skirt up to her waist.
"Oh," Millie gasped in a whispery voice. Her hands acted as if they had a mind of their own, reaching between Cindy's legs to slowly travel the length of her slit, and then bringing the tips of her newly wet fingers to her nose and inhaling.
"Clean them, bitch!" Cindy croaked.
And so with Cindy's fingers gliding in and out of her mouth, Millie started sliding her hand back and forth between the lips of Cindy's pussy.
"C'mon---C'mon---C'mon, Make me cum---Make me cum---MAKE ME CUM!"
Millie dropped to her knees and brought her mouth to the other teen's sex and ate her to several rousing climaxes.
They switched places and Millie had her desired orgasms. Then, they relieved themselves, reapplied their make-up and returned to their respective classes.
________________________________________
Cindy's mother was waiting for the girls when school let out and they joined her in the new Volvo. Rihanna's Unfaithful was playing and Cindy leaned over the front seat to crank up the volume.
"I love this song!"
"Me too!" Millie crowed as they both laughed.
Ellen stared ahead, transfixed on the teenage girls and boys walking and running past them scrambling to get home in the 90° Friday afternoon heat.
Millie appeared anxious about what they had planned for that evening. Cindy was listening to Rihanna, moving to the music and blowing bubbles with her gum next to Millie.
Suddenly Millie realized that Cindy's hand was under the hem of her skirt and rubbing her thigh. Even though she had been as intimate as humanly possible with Ellen, Cindy's Mom, she was still appalled at the thought of being caught by her. She gave Cindy a glowering look as she slapped at her hand, and mouthed the word 'Stop,' with her lips.
To Millie's surprise, Cindy complained to her mother: "Mom she won't let me touch her cunny. Isn't she being silly?"
"Well if she doesn't want you touching her don't do it, Cindy," Ellen said without looking over her shoulder at either of them.
Mortified by what had occurred, Millie threw her head back and pulled the sunglasses from her forehead down over her eyes, but at the same time she raised her right leg and granted Cindy the access she'd sought.
Cindy popped her bubble gum and chirped, "Oh, yeah!" and began fingering her friend.
As the squishing sound of her fingers working on Millie's twat filled the car, Ellen groaned and pulled the car into a deserted parking lot then with the engine still running, she climbed into the backseat with the horny teens.
The first thing Cindy's mother did was to reach under Millie's top and unfasten her bra. "Oh my god, I need to take this thing off... you mind?"
"Uh, no, not ... really!" Millie gasped.
At almost the same time, Cindy was tugging her skirt off and seconds later Millie's body was nude save for the other women's hands that seemed to be everywhere on her.
"Isn't she beautiful, Mom?"
"Oh my, yes ... this body ... mmmm, makes you want to... to do things to her."
"Mmmm, let's do them!"
"Ohhhh, sweet Jesus!" Millie moaned as Ellen's mouth covered hers while Cindy began licking the juices now flowing from her cunt.
Cindy: "Do you want to taste her too?"
Ellen: "I do Baby. My toes curl when I think about you and me and her."
Millie: "Oh—Oh, I just ... came!"
Ellen: "That's great sweetie. Now you're kinda new at this, so why don't you watch us together?"
Then she kissed her daughter. Slowly, tenderly, only the way two women can ... so gentle and thoughtful, not an ounce of brute force. Millie felt a genuine awe right down to the pit of her stomach. They took their time exploring their delicious bodies with their hands and mouths. Millie's jaw hung agape as she unconsciously twisted her right nipple.
Cindy pushed her mother back and slid her hands down Ellen's body where they worked together to peel her shorts off.
The lone piece of clothing on Ellen now was her tank top which slid loosely side to side, exposing her bare breasts as she writhed under her daughter. Cindy took advantage, making her mother's nipples harden against her touch.
Returning the favor, Ellen flipped Cindy on her back and kneeling before her on the floorboard slid Cindy's panties down to her ankles. She kissed her way back up her daughter's legs before teasingly skipping her midsection and returning to her lips for another hot deep slow kiss.
Brody and Slattery
A late afternoon downpour ended the basketball Brody and Slattery had planned on and they gravitated to Brody's house since it was closer. After greeting his mom, the two boys made their way to Brody's room and decided to watch some porn.
They were watching as one bi-sexual girl seduced another, using a series of soft, gentle kisses around her mouth and face, but no tongue for the longest time, and then, seemingly at the same time as the seducer allowed her tongue to sneak into her victim's hungry, willing mouth---both began squeezing their respective cocks as if mesmerized by the scene being played out in front of them.
"Shit, this is HOT!" Slattery groaned as he worked his erection out of his pants not caring if his best friend saw him stroking his cock.
"FUCK!" Brody moaned, and he pulled his penis out and began milking it as well. It wasn't long before they both halted and took each other's appendage into account.
"We're just about the same size," Brody said quietly as he kept his hand moving on his engorged shaft. "I think ... no, you're definitely thicker than I am. But I'm a good six inches---you?"
"Yeah, just over six, I hear that's average."
"No, average is five. We're both above average!" Brody said as his voice brightened.
"Wait---wait!" Slattery exclaimed.
"What's the matter?"
"You got no fucking hair on your balls!"
"So what. You think I shave 'em, you dumb Irishman?"
"Huh? Um, no, I---I ...."
"I have hair on 'em, stupid. It's just that with all the swimming I do (Brody was on his high school swim team) most seem to get pulled or rubbed off. Once the season ends they'll come back," he replied trying to sound vindicated.
"Sorry Dude, but I mean, what the fuck are we doing here?"
Brody began to laugh. "We're jerkin' off, is what we're doing here, goofus."
Slattery joined him in the laughter. "We are ain't we?"
"Hey—hey, lookit how the one girl is turning the other on?"
"Can you back the part up a little?"
Brody did just that and they left off their respective masturbation to watch as the slightly older girl slowly drew the other into her web of lust with an seemingly unending series of soft, butterfly-like kisses that eventually compelled the younger girl to respond by opening her mouth to allow the other's tongue inside.
"You see?" Slattery said.
"What?"
"Remember that party last fall when you were kissing Laura Mosto?"
"What about it?"
"She pushed you away, remember?"
"Yeah ... so maybe I grabbed her tit or something."
"What I remember is you mashing your face against hers. Oh, and hey, I'm not putting myself above you on that. I did pretty much the same thing with Alicia, remember?"
Brody thought about for a second and nodded. "Yeah, come to think of it, I do. You two went into a clinch and she pushed you away, almost slapped you."
"Would have, but I pulled away in time."
"So let's run that part back again, see what she does to get the other one to go for her," Brody said, and they did; this time studying the technique used by each woman until they figured they understood what was required of them to get a girl worked up through kisses alone.
It was only when the two women in the porno video were going down on one another in an exhilarating 69 that the boys renewed their mutual masturbation.
Brody eyed his friend as he rubbed a thumb over his cockhead and asked: "You ever ... um, taste your cum?"
"Yeah ... sure, you?"
"Uh-huh," Brody answered slowly for his climax was imminent.
Slattery grimaced then groaned as his testicles tightened and his cockhead swelled a split second before the spurting began. The first two jets flew several feet before landing on the floor. The rest he squeezed out slowly as he attempted to prolong the exhilaration of his climax.
Brody was right behind him, grunting and spewing three ropes of jism, the longest of which flew about a foot and a half before landing on his outstretched sneaker. The rest dripped rather than spurted and ended up on his left calf.
"Shit! I did it again!" He swore angrily.
"I'll get us some tissues. Don't want your Mom to find any of that cum," Slattery said, while thinking that Brody's mom wasn't a bad looking woman---one that he'd secretly masturbated to many nights before going to sleep.
While Slattery wiped up the remnants of their combined semen, Brody spoke wishfully about their plans for later that evening.
"Man oh, man, I'd love to fuck that Millicent! Jeez, I'd take her every which way, you know?"
"Me, I'd start off with doggy-style," Slattery volunteered.
"Yeah, Brody wistfully agreed. She's got a great ass on her too."
"Maybe we could double team her, you know?" Slattery offered.
Brody nodded, "I hear they like two cocks at a time," Brody said. "It's supposed to be their greatest fantasy."
"You mean one dick in their ass and another in their cunt?"
"Well ... I think that's good, but I believe theirs is one in their mouth and the other in their snatch."
"Yeah, that sounds about right," Slattery agreed.
"Mmmm," Brody half moaned. "I hope we get to see her tits again."
"Yeah, she's got some set. Best in school, I bet."
"Well there's a senior or two might have her beat, but that's now. Give her two more years and she'll top them, for sure!"
"Let's find some porn where two guys fuck a big titted girl like her."
"Mmmm, shouldn't be that hard to find," Brody said and shortly after found just that.
While the girl in the porno didn't resemble Millicent at all, except for her breast size; both boys jerked off while fantasizing that it was them fucking the porn star rather than the two very well hung males she was accommodating.
At about the same time the boys were pleasuring themselves, Millicent hurried to her bedroom and almost frenziedly tore her clothing off in order to use the 'rabbit' Mrs. Forest had given her after their torrid session in the parked car.
The sight of its ears vibrating and its shaft head rotating had her all a tingle as she thought about what it was about to do. Lying back on the bed, Millie allowed her right hand to graze the inner most part of her thighs then spread her labia, and then used the other hand to bring the rabbit into play. She began by letting it vibrate against her clit, feeling herself growing wetter and wetter as the sensations built up in her cunt.
Only then did she follow Mrs. Forest's explicit instructions to position the rabbit as it is designed to be used—inserting the shaft head completely inside her, so that the beads were rotating so as to stimulate the entrance to the vagina. This allowed Millicent to utilize the rabbit's ears against her clit, which she did after turning the control to the middle setting, lying back and imagining that she was being royally fucked!
She fell into the gentle rhythm of sending in and out, letting her hips thrust back against the vibrator's motion. To add to her pleasure, Millie also began tweaking her nipples and occasionally taking long sucks on her fingers, imagining them to be some handsome guy's cock.
At this point Millie was leaking profusely and wanting to cum "like she'd never cum before-- Mrs. Forest's words, not Millie's---she flicked the control to its highest setting and pushed down on her clit.
Her whole body now glistened with sweat and she held the vibrator in place, pushing it even deeper inside her as the pleasures of her orgasm rushed in on her.
She began to moan loudly as it hit her. Her hips were quivering as wave after wave swept over her. The rabbit somehow finds its way half in half out of her sopping cunt.
Millie glanced down and saw a creamy white fluid seeping out of her gaping wet hole.
Shit, I should have used a towel under me! Now I'll have to change the fuckin' sheets! Thank god mom and dad are at the other end of the house---or are they?
Her sudden onslaught of paranoia passed and breathing heavily and totally sweaty and sticky, Millie lay still and let the full effect of the orgasm to run its course.
Maybe, just maybe the foot thing might have been better. She decided that a test was in order, but was too tired to do it that night.
________________________________________
Brody bit into an apple and Slattery thanked Mrs. Brody for the snack she prepared for them before they set out for Millicent's house as the last remnants of dusk faded into darkness.
"No later than eleven, now," Brody's mother cautioned, reminding both boys they had school the following day. And they were off on their voyeuristic adventure.
Millie & Cindy
The idea of entrapping the peeper caused Millie to get excited all over again. Holy fuck ... I am desirable! Boys, and men, want me! That's good, but yet I really don't understand them. Why are they such pigs at times and so dreamy at others?
I know they're different and even more focused on the difference in the sexes than girls are. Well, maybe not, but sex is the only thing on their minds most of the time. They make comments about my body or some other girl they know, or just girls in general. It's not just me, Cindy agrees with me---they make every effort to look up our skirts or down our blouses and they aren't even discreet about it.
Suddenly it occurred to Millicent that some girls, including Cindy might be teasing the boys deliberately. Yeah, Erin Russell and that phony slut form the Middle East, Samira Lamrani pretending to be so pious and all, yet showing her coochie the way she sits anytime the boys are around. When it's just us girls her legs are tight together. Who's she kidding?
Shit I'm just a guilty as the rest of them. Who is it shaking her tits in front of her window with a peeper watching? FUCK ... are we all whores?
Ten minutes went by with Millicent in a semi-stupor before she snapped out of it and wondered how she would tease her peeper. Her history with men was one of embarrassment because of the rapid growth of her breasts. Now she was to do it on purpose. She carefully closed and locked her bedroom door before taking out her secretly purchased Victoria's Secret's panties and bra.
"God," she whispered after she put her hand into the panties to see how sheer they were. They basically didn't hide a thing. Her pussy was moist so she quickly wiped the dampness away before pulling the tight undies up her legs.
Her eyes looked into the large full-size mirror on the back of her door as the panties moved over her thick dark strip of pubic hair. Not only were they thin but the thin strip did little to contain some of her curly tendrils. She turned and gasped when she saw her whole complete ass. The thong was buried deeply between her cheeks.
The bra also did a lousy job hiding the tops of her breasts and virtually nothing for her perky nips. She giggled as she tweaked them and marveled at their rigidity under the circumstances. I'm scared shitless and they act like they want to be featured on the Six-O'clock News.
Suddenly there was a knock on her door. "Millicent, it's me," Cindy's voice rang out."
Millie quickly grabbed her robe and slipped it on before she opened the door.
"Did I interrupt something?" Cindy smiled when she saw the Victoria's Secret box on the bed.
Millie relocked the door, blushed and turned. "I'm wearing the sheer underwear."
"Let me see," Cindy giggled as she sat on the bed.
"I don't think so," Millie said. "They don't hide much."
"Well hell, I've seen everything anyway."
"Not like this!" Millie blushed.
"Come on," Cindy smiled as she lunged forward and grabbed her girlfriend's arm.
Millicent tried to pull away but Cindy was too strong. Before she could grab on to anything she felt her body falling onto the bed. She tried to push back up but Cindy pushed her back down and pulled open the robe. Millie's nearly naked body now laid exposed to Cindy's lust filled eyes.
"OH—MY--GOD!"
Millie grinned. "Do you think it will get him excited?"
"Hell yes, it's getting me excited," Cindy laughed. She gently traced her fingers slowly up from Millie's nearest knee to mid-thigh before Millie grabbed her wrist.
"Stop kidding around."
But Cindy didn't laugh back. "Who says I'm kidding?"
Before Millie could respond Cindy jerked her arm from her girlfriend's grasp and pushed her fingers swiftly under the sheer panties and between her already swollen labia.
"CINDY!" Millie said raising her voice, but not shouting for fear of drawing her parent's attention.
"Cindy...." Millie repeated. Her resistance had turned into unrestricted lust. "Don't," she whispered as she slowly opened her legs wider and wider. "You—you---you need to get out there and wait...."
Cindy's hot tongue was already lashing away at Millie's inner thighs.
Millie did the only thing possible under the circumstances; she closed her legs tightly and began pushing the other girl away.
"Later---later god damn it!"
It worked, and five minutes later, after a series of torrid French kisses, Cindy left Millie's room to lie in wait for the peeper. She had already picked her spot, some twelve feet from the Oak tree behind the thick, but pliable branches of a hardy shrub. She had thought to bring a high beamed flashlight, cell phone, some bottled water, and a pocket full of M&M's to sate any sudden hunger pangs. She was a growing girl, after all.
Millicent's job was to make herself visible for brief moments, while remaining mostly dressed. The difficult part of her performance was to make it seem she was about to strip and thereby keep the peeper looking until Cindy could get a good look at him and possibly get his picture so as to identify him to the police if necessary.
They had agreed beforehand not to confront the peeper, but Cindy never meant to keep her word in that regard.
Brody & Slattery
Slattery and Brody rode their bicycles toward Millicent's. Brody racked his brain for any word of girls at school that had put out. He had heard Dan Coats, another sophomore, telling someone that Anna Stupnytska, a junior had taken on a couple upperclassmen at a party after getting drunk.
He turned to Slattery, "Hey Jackie!"
"What up, dude?"
"If my old man gets that contract with Samuelsson next week he's promised to buy me a decent car."
"Really, no shit?"
"No shit. And you know what that means?"
"Yeah, we can get plenty of pussy!"
"Right you are dude!"
"So tell me man, who have you heard puts out for guys with a car?" Brody asked his friend.
"Mmmmm, lemmie think ..." Slattery said as he racked his brain for tidbits of gossip and bullshit bragging amongst the guys. "Well, there's that stupid Anna."
"You mean, Anna Stupnytska?"
"Yeah, that's her!"
"What's the score there?"
"Umm, she put out for some seniors at a party is what I heard."
"Mmmm, heard it too. Anyone else?"
Not wanting to be found deficient in knowledge of fuckable girls at school, Slattery offered, "Umm, I heard Bobbie Wendt gave it up to Mark Corallo at the movies last winter. And—and there's Alicia something ... don't know her last name. She's the one dyes her hair purple sometimes ...."
"Yeah, I know who you mean. What about her?"
"Likes giving head." Then Slattery added another lie to his fabrication; "Heard she goes anal on account of not wanting to get pregnant."
Surprisingly, that made sense to Brody and he filed that away for future us and ruled out Bobbie Wendt for no other reason than he found her to heavy for his personal preferences, which meant masturbating to her nude image.
The purple haired Alice did strike a note with his lust-filled imagination and he nurtured an erotic scenario until they reached Millicent's block, at which point all thoughts reverted to the large breasted teen that had pranced around her bedroom the night before.
"So Slats, are you a virgin?" Brody inquired as they hid their bicycles in some shrubbery two houses removed from Millicent's.
Slattery appeared surprised by the question and rattled off a quick "Course not!"
Realizing he's struck a defensive nerve, Brody pressed on. "So who'd you fuck?"
"I ain't saying," Slattery said with a pout.
Brody decided to tease his buddy a little and said, "I heard you hooked up with Cindy."
Slattery blinked his eyes repeatedly in astonishment. That of course, had never happened---except for the occasional masturbatory fantasy, of which there were thousands and included almost every female Slattery had laid eyes on that day, or any recent day.
"Cindy? Uh ... hey, that was just, um...." He couldn't bring himself to fabricate a lie about her.
"You fucked her, huh?" Brody said, feeling a rush of adrenaline in pinning his friend to the liar's wall.
"How many times?"
"Just the once, Brody. Just the once. The next day she wouldn't even look at me."
"Hmmm," Brody sniffed and left it at that. He had been thinking of pressing Slats---cornering him by asking when and where this 'act' had taken place, and why he hadn't bothered to mention it until now, but left it there, unasked and unanswered to maintain their friendship.
"Ask her, dude," Slattery said with a nervous lick of his lips. "I never touched her again, just that night in the alley next to the Rialto."
Brody rolled his eyes but at the same time considered Slattery's response creditable enough. Now he was sorry he'd raised the subject, but wondered why his best buddy hadn't bragged about it to him of all people
.________________________________________
Cindy forest was stunned to see not one peeping Tom, but two! She was approximately fifteen feet from the nearest one and perhaps twenty from the other. It took her a minute to adjust her eyes to the darkness, for she'd looked up at Millie's window just as they arrived to see if Millie was exposing herself. At that moment she wasn't, but now Cindy's pupils had to adjust to the dark once again.
She recognized the closest one's voice before making a visual identification. Son-of-a-bitch, its Jackie Slattery! I thought he was one of the nicer guys ....
She completely forgot about using the cell phone to take his picture with Millie's window in the background and just remained in place when Millie danced past the well lit window in bra and panties.
________________________________________
"You see that!" Brody croaked hoarsely.
"Jesus Christ, yes!" Slattery replied. Both boys' eyes were riveted on Millie's window.
Suddenly Cindy was jolted into action and fired off two quick shots with her cell phone. Before she even realized what she was doing, she was walking toward the two boys, snapping picture after picture of them looking upward.
"Motherfucker's" she muttered loudly enough to be heard by Brody, who slapped Slattery's arm so hard he lost his balance and fell to his knees.
"What the fuck?" Slattery swore in surprise.
"YOU PEEPING MOTHERFUCKER'S!" Cindy yelled this time.
Brody wanted to flee, but couldn't leave Slattery there on the ground, for Cindy was on him, pounding away with both hands, cuffing him soundly about the head and ears.
Brody tried to intervene on Slattery's behalf, while wondering why he wasn't defending himself. But just as he grabbed Cindy and attempted to pull her away from Slattery, Millie arrived, wearing a raincoat over her bra and panties and joined in the melee.
"Don't—you—dare—hit---her—you—you—you—peeping pig!" Millie growled as she swung a right that glanced off the top of Brody's head and then quickly put the fist to her mouth thinking she'd broken it on his thick skull.
Cindy quickly tired and stopped hitting Slattery. Both of them wound up sitting next to one another on the grassy ground.
"Are you all right?" Brody asked Millie.
"What?" she mumbled with half her fist in her mouth.
"Are you all right?" He repeated.
"You're concerned about me?"
"Yes, you seem to have damaged your hand on my head."
"What if I did, you—you---you peeper!" But something changed in her attitude toward him in that moment.
Cindy, panting from her efforts to slay Slattery, groused, "What the fuck are you guys doing anyway?"
"We were checking Millie's tit's out. Don't get pissed at us. What I'm saying is she was jumping up and down naked last night when we're riding by. So we stopped. What else are we gonna do? She's got a great set, you know? And---and---and she's like in Macy's window. Christ, you could see her a block away."
"You could?"
"Honest to God!"
"Millie?"
"Mmmm?" Millie replied dizzily, for the cologne Brody had on was suddenly beguiling to her.
"Did you know they saw you from a block away last night?"
"No, how could I?" she replied wondering what his scent was called.
Slattery suddenly recalled telling Brody that he and Cindy had gotten it on; and decided to tempt fate. Leaning in to Cindy, he whispered, "As long as we're here all snuggled up, you wanna make out a little?"
"What?" she said, not trusting her ears.
"Wanna make out as long as we're here nice and cozy in the dark?"
"Just how many people do you think we woke up with the racket we made?"
Slattery realized he hadn't heard her say no, and responded with: "It's early, maybe 9:15 or so. People are watching TV. We didn't wake anyone up. If anyone is curious it would be Millie's parents and they're not out here screaming at us. I think we're okay."
"You think?"
"Yeah, I do. Soooo?"
"Millie?"
"Yeah, Cindy?"
"I think everything's copacetic, you?"
Millie sniffed in another whiff of Brody's cologne and felt his muscular arm against hers.
"Everything's copacetic on this end too, Cin."
Cindy's arms went round Slattery's neck and they started swapping spit.
A moment later his left hand was inside her top, squeezing her breast and she was frantically trying to get his zipper down.
Brody and Millie watched as the couple next to them began to groan and lay down on top of one another.
Son-of-a-bitch, he wasn't lying about screwing her! Was his last thought before Millie pressed her lips against his.
To be continued...