This is a long story. It takes a while until you get to the good parts, a lot of background information here, and it is in my typical conversation style, because I am recounting actual events. Just with the names changed.
I was in Houston TX and looking for a massage. There are literally hundreds of places to go in Houston, but I try not to ever stop in to a place unless I check it out thoroughly. I have three main go-to places.
The first is in an upscale area of town. The girls are often older, but still younger than me, and still in really good shape. You get a very good massage, and always a pretty good handjob at the end, without you even having to ask for it. With one lady you get some mild ass play. And it is amazing how full, and without sag, these Asian women's tits stay beyond 40 years old. Unfortunately I was about 15 miles from there and didn't want to fight the traffic on the way back home.
The second is a full service place in a less desirable part of town, but on my way home. Their girls are very beautiful. They typically take you in for a table shower, give you a 15 minute lackluster massage, hit you up for a tip, then they fuck the shit out of you. You can usually get them to do three or four positions, if you can last that long. The girls are all very pretty, with great bodies and attitudes. It is great, but usually I am more into getting the good massage and the handjob, I feel like I am cheating less...
The third place is near the second. I am not sure why I go there. They don't give hand jobs - EVER. However they have a steam room you can use, and then they give you a pretty good table shower while you are completely nude. It is relatively inexpensive, so you can get a 4 hand massage, and table shower, for a real good price. No hand job means I have almost no guilt when I go back home.
I was there recently and I asked for a four hand massage. The girl behind the counter was cute, but that isn't always your therapist. She called a 30 something girl that was also cute with a decent body and a shorter, younger, girl, who was a little stout, and had huge tits.
I had never seen her before. She was wearing bright red shorts and a white tee shirt. At this place the closest they get to something erotic is to stand above your head, and massage your chest while they allow their (shirt and bra covered) tits to rub on your face. But they don't go further than that.
They had me strip, and took me for a table shower. The short one with the big tits was very hands on. She didn't use the sponge or wash cloth, just her soapy hand. She was doing a great job, until she got called out by the manager. The door opened and closed a few times and a few people came in and out while I was laying there naked. Eventually realized there was a second girl in the room, standing to the side. In my periphery vision I saw red shorts and a white tee. I assumed it was the girl with the big tits. When the table shower ends the therapist has you stand up at the end of the table so she can rinse you off. While she was doing this I am standing there naked facing another girl in red shorts and a white tee. A very cute girl, who could not have been more than 19 years old. She just stood staring like this was the first time in a room with a nude guy getting a table shower. She watched very intently while I was rinsed, and dried. Then we left the room, and I never saw her or the one with big tits again. It was disappointing. Afterwards my massage therapist explained that the young girl was a trainee learning to give a table shower.
As we were getting close to the end of the four hand massage, my newly added therapist left the room, and the other climbed on her knees, in-between my knees. At this point she had teased me enough to get me mostly hard. She starts walking her hands very firmly up my legs to my towel covered crotch. There was a pretty big tent forming under the towel. I am getting more and more affected by her attention. When she finally got up to the top of my legs they were tense, as I was trying to thrust up my cock for her to take control of. She was trying to finish the massage and kept saying "relax, relax."
I barely croaked out "it is easy for you to say."
With that, she put her hands on my cock and balls, rubbed them a bit, and then laughed and got up. When she left the room, I stayed on the table to rub one out. I cleaned up with their towel and tipped them well, but not what they would have gotten if they took care of my hard-on.
I guess the only explanation of why I go there is my other reason for liking erotic massages. I have found that I am kind of into the CFNM thing - without the overbearing feminists! I really love to be naked around the female masseuses. They do the table shower naked, they massage your back and ass while naked, and only the smallest draping when they are massaging your front. This draping constantly falls off.
So I'm trying to decide which place to go to, I really am looking for a release, but don't want the full on sex spa. I remembered that the first place had a satellite location near my office. I had been there three times. The first was pretty standard massage and hand job. The second time they upgraded me to a four hand massage for free. The younger of the two drew the short straw and had the hand job duties. She also seemed to be a trainee. She was serious about it, didn't let me feel her up too much but in the end she got the job done.
The next time I went was very disappointing. I got a girl who treated it like a real professional massage. I will typically strip naked and lay on my front, without covering my ass with a towel. I have always heard that this was the signal you were up for a happy ending. However the reverse is true. If the girl comes in and quickly covers your ass with a towel, and never takes it off - no happy ending.
This girl gave a great massage, but was real formal with the draping. Only uncovering what she was working on at the time. I quickly realized there would be no happy ending. I didn't even ask when she said the massage was over.
Now at this spa they do have a strange habit that I have never seen anywhere else. They leave you alone to strip and lay down. And they leave very quickly when they are done, supposedly so you can get dressed again. However they return in about 30 seconds with the new sheets and towels to remake the bed. I was still lying in the bed when this girl returned. I left my towel behind and got up to get dressed. We walked right past each other. I am fully naked and a little aroused, she is fully dressed.
She knelt on the bed to start changing the sheets and I picked up my underwear, planning to put it back on. But before I did, I walked up to the edge of the bed and engaged her in a conversation. The bed is low, she is kneeling on it, and so her face is at the level of my crotch. I asked "Are you new at this location?"
She said "No, I have been here almost two months."
I then said "Is it a new rule about not allowing happy endings?"
She made it seem like she didn't know what I meant, so I had to explain it a bit more. It wasn't hard to pantomime, since I was standing there chubbed up and naked.
She reacted like she was shocked and said "No we would never do that here."
I replied "I have had it done every other time I have ever come. At your other location you don't even have to ask for it." She said she didn't believe me. I then said at the other location I actually had full on sex with one girl. This was true; she was probably fired soon after that.
So I realize I am not getting anywhere and I start to get dressed. I give her a smaller tip than usual and leave.
I have not been back since, until last month. I decided to give it another try and I am glad I did. It is when I met Nan.
I called ahead to see if they had availability and they said yes. I got there and they assigned me to Nan. She was about 25 years old from Thailand. An incredibly pretty girl. She was dressed in tight black yoga pants that showed off her legs and ass very well. And she was wearing a snug black button up shirt that just hinted at her very pert B cups.
I went in for the massage, stripped completely and laid down on my front. She came in and started the massage. She did a move that a number of girls do, where they take the towel and cover you long ways from your shoulders to your knees, and start pushing on your muscles. I think this is some kind of warm up. After a minute or two of this she discarded the towel and massaged my back for about 35 minutes. She did a great job. She was not shy about getting in real close in while massaging my ass. She let her hand came in brief contact with my cock and balls many times. She was sending me all the signals I needed that this massage would end happily.
When she flipped me over she covered my midsection with the towel. A slight tent was obvious. She massaged under the towel a number of times and came in direct contact with my cock. In her last move she was kneeling between my legs and walked her hands up from my legs to my stomach. Literally moving my dick from one side to the other if it was in the way.
Surprisingly she then got to her knees at the foot of the bed and in her sweetest voice said "Ok, the massage is over."
I was shocked. I sat up and said "well, it isn't completely over, is it?"
When I sat up the towel dropped down so it was only covering me from my knees to my upper thigh.
She played dumb and said "whatever do you mean?"
I said, "I think there is one spot you missed."
We went on like this for a minute, until she acknowledged I was asking her for a handjob. She then still seemed surprised, but said it would cost more - and I said "don't worry, I tip well."
I then took the towel away and lay back down. She told me that she honestly never did this before - but boy was she great. Typically the girls lube up their hands and stroke you pretty quick. As most guys know, if we are not in charge of varying the speed we are not in control of how long we are going to last. Often they just pump as fast as they can and you last a minute or two. Much less time than if you were actually having sex.
One time in California a youngish American girl at a massage parlor stroked so fast and firmly I lasted probably less than a minute. When she exclaimed "so quick?" the amount of her tip dropped.
But Nan would alternate between long slow strokes from the base of my dick to the head, and when she thought I was getting close, she would stop, and just cup the head of my dick and make small movements until my orgasm backed off. This was amazing.
As soon as she started I started letting my hands wander. Up her leg to her tight round ass. Then I tried to go into her shirt. She pushed back a little on this - just a little.
So I sat up half way so I could reach her chest better. When I did, I started un-buttoning her shirt. She playfully chastised me, but did not stop me before I had her shirt unbuttoned. I then started feeling up her very soft black bra. I was happy to see that it was a strapless bra, so it took no effort to pull it down to her waist. She chastised me a little stronger then and said "no mouth, just hands."
Well I have to tell you these tits were amazing. Not real big, but they fit her frame perfectly. They were perfectly round, quarter sized brown aureoles, with pointy and hard nipples. I told her "you have amazingly beautiful tits." But she disagreed.
I went in to kiss them and she stopped me and said that would be extra. I said "how much?"
She replied "$100."
Now she overplayed her hand. I laughed a bit and said "for $100 I can go down the street and have full blown sex." That may have been a dick move but she let me start to kiss her tits. And it was true.
Normally at this point if the girl does not want you sucking on her tits and feeling up her ass she will just pick up the pace and finish you off. Not Nan. She just held on and gave me short strokes. After a few minutes however she said, "our hour is up, we have to finish."
With that she laid me down, hovering her tits above my face and started stroking faster until I blew my load all over her hands and my belly. It was great.
She got a warm wash cloth and cleaned me up and left the room. I was just sitting up when she came back in with the new sheets. I got off the bed and spoke with her while I found my clothes and started to get dressed. I asked her name, so I could request her again. She said her name was Nan. She told me she was from Thailand, and just started working here. We BS'd a few more minutes while I got dressed. I always try to extend my time naked with these girls if I can.
Finally I tipped her - just under $100. It was more than a 130% tip, but she deserved it. She then quizzed me by asking me "what is my name?"
I said, "Nan, I won't forget your name any time soon."
She was so amazing that a week later I stopped in again. I had pulled a muscle in my leg over the weekend and wanted her magical hands to help it feel better.
I requested her by name, so she at least pretended to remember me from the last time. I was laying there naked when she entered the room. I addressed her by name and sat up completely to talk to her. This is always a shocking move to the girls, because you are nonchalantly sitting up naked and talking to them. I don't know why it is strange for them, they typically wind up giving you a handjob or a table shower, so then why the false modesty. I explained to her that I had hurt my Achilles tendon, and asked her to spend some extra time on it.
However she went overboard and spent 30 minutes on it. I asked her if I could extend to 90 minutes, so I still got the normal massage and she said ok.
Unfortunately she didn't ask the Mama San up front, and didn't know another client was booked directly after me. At 45 minutes she left the room to get hot towels and learned of the other client. She came back in and said "I am sorry, we can't do the 90 minutes, and we only have 15 left."
I said it was ok. She asked me what I wanted to cover in the last 15, and I replied "How about you do 10 minutes on my back, and then I will flip over and your can do five minutes on the important parts on my front?" She giggled at this.
In about 10 minutes she had me flip over, and didn't even cover me with a towel. She did a quick rub down from my chest to my legs only making occasional contact with my exposed cock and balls. And then again, just like the last time, she said "Ok, we are done."
I was surprised, but I just took my right hand and started slowly stroking myself and replied. "Come on Nan, I think you missed an important part." She chuckled and got to work. The hand job was almost as good as the first one, but this time she had a tee shirt on and a bra with straps. The best I could do was push the tee shirt and bra up above her tits to give me access. She would not let me remove them.
I again marveled at how beautiful her tits were - they really were - and they were so soft but firm at the same time I was in awe. She again demurred saying they were not that nice.
Five minutes later I was out the door, feeling much better than when I came in
Two weeks later my leg is still killing me. I aggravated it a day or two after seeing Nan. So I call and ask to see if she is available for 90 minutes. This time she remembers me, and we have a five minute talk while I am sitting there naked in the bed. We discuss everything she would do to make my leg better, but that she was afraid of hurting my leg more.
The massage went great, we were finished when she used her typical move again and said she was complete. Now I always heard that, in order to avoid arrest, you were not allowed to ask for sex, and they couldn't ask for money, therefore you typically get the hand job without asking and you tip without them without making them ask. But her grasp of English was such that I was afraid to have this conversation because I did not want to mention law enforcement.
This time I just took off the towel and sat up. I said, "come on Nan, we don't have to play this game every time."
She played a little coy with me, like "I don't know what you mean, what else do you want?"
Then she sat alongside me on the platform bed that they use instead of massage tables. She sat by my waist, but had her back angled to me. Then she complained that she had a crick in her back, and that it was sore. I took that as my opportunity to start rubbing her back and neck. She jokingly scolded me saying "you are not a trained Masseuse."
I said "Try me, I can make it feel better." At this point I started rubbing her neck and upper back while I started lifting her shirt up from the back.
When I got to her bra I exclaimed how happy I was that she wore the strapless one again. I get the shirt up to her neck and bra down to her waist, and I ask if the shirt can come off. She said no. But 30 seconds later I nudge it up again, and she lifts her arms to allow me to remove it. The bra came off next.
Now she turned around to face me. Instead of lying down, I got up on my knees and met her face to face. I took every opportunity to fondle and kiss her tits, and feel up her ass. She was slowly stroking my cock. When I pulled back to admire her body I once again pointed out how great her body was.
When she disagreed with me this time she pointed out why she was dissatisfied with her body. She wanted bigger tits. She says all her friends tell her she needs bigger tits. She then gets up and starts walking around the room topless to show me what her tits look like and how big she would want them.
I said "You are crazy; your tits look and feel great. Have you ever seen or felt fake tits? They look great when you are dressed, but they often feel cold and hard. Believe me I felt a lot of fake tits. Yours are great; I would never fool with them."
Well I did fool with them for a few more minutes (they are really great tits) before she got me to lie back down. She was running out of time, so she couldn't take as long as before finishing me off, but she still did a better job than most. She used plenty of lube, and varied her speed from fast to slow to stretch out the time as much as she could, and still end on time.
After two or three minutes I had an explosive orgasm. She caught most of it in her hands, and some landed on my chest.
She got warm towels and cleaned me up well, and then stayed to talk with me as I got up to get dressed. It was tough to finally get her topless, but now she seemed comfortable this way and remained topless until I got dressed. The subject remained the same - Implants. She kept pushing her tits out to make them look bigger and said this is what she was looking for. I told her she was crazy. She was too petit for really large tits. I said "don't get me wrong, I am a breast guy, I love big tits, but to be honest the important thing is that they fit your frame. Too big is cartoonish, and they feel fake."
I don't think she listened and or believed me.
We had one other subject, she told me that I was the only client she saw three times, and that I was her first. Now I realize that she may not have been joking that she didn't ever give a happy ending. I wonder how many guys actually convinced her to give a hand job. However she then told me that she only had three weeks left on her visa, and that she was returning to Thailand, where she works in a restaurant, not as a masseuse.
She gave me one big topless hug before I left, and I gave her a $100 tip. So she finally got the $100 from me, without sex. But she was worth it. The shirt came off pretty easily, on the second try. Maybe next time I will go for the pants, I only have three weeks left...