He saw her every Wednesday, and he was almost certain she had seen him, but they had not spoken. He was quite recognizable and so was she. No matter the day, he wore a nice dress shirt and an even nicer tie, with reflective sunglasses. On cold days, his curly hair streamed out a little from underneath a warm wool hat. On warmer days: a fedora out of his collection, but his favorite was a made of straw.
He noticed when it was sunny, she carried a parasol, or an umbrella, and constantly stood in the shade, looking at the animals. Observing her in silence through sidelong glances, he had come to notice other features that gave her away. The shape of her chin and jaw disguised an otherwise circular face, with an unpronounced chair shaped nose, and an everlasting pony tail of black hair. Out of all this beauty, he had a fetish for her throat. She never wore anything around it, like a choker or a necklace, which was a mystery, for it was of model caliber.
He wanted to talk to her, badly, come the fourth time they crossed paths. He decided he would approach her, but when he turned around from the warthogs, she was gone. He predicted she went to the aquarium, but she had not. She was lost to him, and the zoo closed in twenty minutes.
He couldn't wait for Hump Day. He served the customers cocktails and they tipped him pretty well that week, but his mind was still stuck on those glimpses of the woman he had seen multiple times in public. He could recall her in the stands of the sea lion show, smoking a cigarette even though it was forbidden within zoo bounds. She had enjoyed her smoke quietly in the back, like a perched raven on high ground, who happened to exhume a trail of grey fumes. Was that the first time he had a good look at her under the parasol? He really didn't know. A lot of the time he spent at the zoo, he was in a daze of marihuana. Very stoned. He knew the geometry of a woman's face, but when and where this was or could have been was a mystery to him.
He gave a couple of martinis to a man and his date and thought hazily of another time when they were both in the birdhouse together. As usual, she was ahead of him, at a cage housing a magpie. She was talking to it and through the mesh, interacting with it. He thought it was beautiful... reminiscent of himself... He would have made conversation with her right then, while she cooed at the magpie, but he had retreated and went backwards through the birdhouse until she was away. He hid the disappointment from himself, but he was focused on getting back to the car so he could obtain his inhaler from the dashboard compartment. As if she took his breath away, he had felt the attack come on not a moment after he laid eyes on her. Ancillary info, he carried a big bag, but it wasn't in there. He panicked and looked around desperately, only to find that it had indeed been in his bag the whole time. She had escaped him again.
Wednesday was tomorrow. He wished for a case where she hadn't strayed from her routine. It was awful hard to find, in this situation, someone when you were looking for them. He strolled with no urgency to the reptile exhibit, the Komodo dragon's lair, the dungeon a floor below a pond with giant glass windows, as so one could see fish they didn't keep in the aquarium, then the penguin's artificial mountain. But she wasn't anywhere. Lost, with an awkward devil on his shoulder telling him he was being creepy, he resolved to make his way to his usual spot to write. He wasn't a writer, but he had tried and was trying to be one, as he had for many years. Often he would take these ramblings home and burn them. They never met his standards, and he didn't want anyone to see them.
When he was finished some odd minutes later, he examined his work and started reading it to himself in his mind. Another piece of kindling, he thought. He closed his notebook and stashed it in his bag. No progress, no mysterious woman. So he went to the forest grove (on the map it was called Teton Park) to see if the animals of the woods were out.
He stopped by the grizzly bears, the elk, and swans, listlessly. He wished he could think of something more creative to do with these animals behind bars and railings. The bears were stalking their preyless enclosure. Mama Bear was going for a swim, and this thrilled the small crowd that had gathered. The swans attracted less attention, but the man admired their beauty for a good long moment, even for it being the umpteenth time he had done so. They were no longer very exciting, but he found them serene. Same with the elks, giant and slow-moving, their muscular structures seemed like trees swaying in a strong breeze. Velvet covered their antlers. It was the beginning of September, the beginning of the rut. The massive cartilage formations above their heads were not dripping with gore just yet, but they would be soon, when the male deer would scape them off on the bark of evergreens, to sharpen them for mating season. He suspected they contained the male elks when this time had come, but he wasn't too sure.
There was a waterfall on top of the grizzlies' stomping ground, and a bridge that took patrons over their cave. There was a ramp that exited the waterfall, and the ramp served as a platform that passerby used to see over the fence that kept in the grey wolves. The ramp ended at the place where you could circle back around to the main path around the zoo. The man was standing between the end of the ramp and this path, observing the wolves through a slate of glass that let you see them at eye level.
He could make the wolves howl. It was a real crowd pleaser, not that he liked crowds. What he did was that he inhaled by slow degrees, gathering as much air as he could into his lungs, which weren't of an impressive capacity, due to Marlboros, but it was enough. It was required to withhold a large volume of air to imitate the cry of a solemn wolf. He howled slowly before cupping his hands around his mouth, as if he was about to shout. He must've hit the right octave, and a thrill came over him as the wolves joined in.
They would howl like this for ten to twenty minutes, praying to the moon, not yet visible in the bright autumn sky.
He brought the projection of his own sound to a halt, as they didn't require further prompting. He watched them bellow. How sad they sounded, in spite of the fact that they do it to show affection for the pack, aside from announcing their location to other wolves. It was like a song with a melancholy melody, but tender lyrics.
He stood like an artist knocking over the first domino of a beautiful mandala. The chain reaction made him feel good, that he was able to make something happen within his control. The people around him watched in fascination, most of them unaware he had done this. But there was one that knew otherwise. That he was the instigator. And, yes, it was her.
He saw her smiling at him from about midway down the ramp. She was casting this sweet natured grin over her shoulder, her hands clutched to the rail along the border of crowd and beast. After a brief moment of this exchange, he looked at his feet in brown dress shoes, and began walking towards her. She did the same, as if they were old friends. In his mind he hoped that she wasn't staring at someone else she recognized. But him and him alone. Her parasol bobbed over her shoulder. She was very close now, and they spoke in rapid succession, almost at the same time.
"Hey," he said.
"How did you do that?" was her question.
"How did I do what? The wolves?" They still were howling in the background.
"Yeah! I had never seen someone do that before."
He felt at this point the command was simple enough, so he just told her, "Practice."
She nodded.
"How are you this evening?" he asked.
"I'm okay at best," she replied, almost intuitively. She was used to saying that. "What's your name?"
"My name's Tobias," he relinquished. "I'm curious what yours is."
I have been for a while, he considered saying, but did not, leaving their distant encounters at the sidelines, unspoken.
"I'm called Arabella, like from the Arctic Monkeys. And I'm also 5'4''," she relayed to him. "Like the Gorillaz song."
He hmmed. He didn't know what either of those things were. "I wish I had more details about myself to tell you," he said, instead.
"Why don't we take a walk and you can think on it?" and that was like the magic words to him. She wanted to spend time with him. This whole wait was worth it so far.
They left Teton Park and headed east. While they took no particular direction or had any physical destination, they ended up at the pandas. She learned he was 5'9'', which seemed accurate, but he had no musical bands to speak of as reference. He told her he was named after Lake Tobias, where there was a wildlife reservation. Coincidence. His mother and father met there for an insurance seminar. Their two week affair resulted in a pregnancy. They married for eight years, but hated each other, and their unwanted son was in the middle.
"After a while I started to hear people speak of me. Friends and family of my mother addressed me as being weird, and they were coming on to my isolation. Once these behaviors came to a head, I was medically diagnosed with being on the autism spectrum, and that I also had schizophrenia."
"Have you come to terms?" she asked.
"Have I come to terms?" He wasn't used to that response. "I'm not angry about it," he decided to say.
"Good," she said, in a voice that came off as genuinely caring and considerate.
They fell a little into a content silence. But he wanted to say something. Spoken words drowned out the voices he heard in his head. Or bad feelings in general. He was afraid of being alone, which he was most of the time, especially after work.
"I would have spoken to you earlier," he confessed, "but there was always something," he confided vaguely.
She didn't seemed unnerved but this. In fact she seemed completely understanding. "I think I had too many expectations," so she phrased.
"What do you mean? I'm confused," which he didn't like.
"I wanted you to come up to me," she said, laughing.
"Oh!" He lightened up.
Right when he thought they were all adults here, she scuttled towards a barrier that overlooked a large moat and a hilly field scattered with play things for animals.
"I'm a sucker for otters," she said, smiling back at him. He went to stand beside her, and he loved how the burst of parasol she had cast huge shadows over the water. Her reflection looked like the upside down bulb of a tulip.
He didn't know much otter trivia, which felt like he needed to say next. But having drawn a blank he tried to amuse her. "What would you name that one?"
She looked closely at the animal playing with a rock with its back in the water. "Oscar," she said.
"That's a good name."
They stopped again in front of the pandas, where there were a number of people. Without regard for them, Arabella addressed the stupidity of the pandas while he agreed with his whole black heart.
"They won't even have sex to salvage their species. Look at them. Bamboo doesn't even have much nutrients, so they have to eat a gazllion pounds of it." She was amusing herself now, and there was a chuckle in her voice. It wasn't evil. It's was okay to bash animals. Or at least in his book.
"I'd call them Lucky and Munchy. Because that's basically who they are right now, like..."
The sun was going down. Night was approaching. The zoo would be closed soon, so they walked together to the exit.
"You have a good night," she told him as they stood in from of the animal monuments outside the zoo, not knowing exactly what to say.
"You too, m'dear. I'm glad I met you."
Before she strolled across the parking lot to her car, she gave him a simple wave, which he returned. The horizon, lit with orange and pink clouds and a still-bluish sky painted the sky above him and the zoo entrance. Now it was her turn to wait for Wednesday longingly, for it wasn't until then did she get a good focused look at his face. She avoided eye contact most of the time. She didn't tell him this, but she had her own list of mental issues as well. Nonetheless, she could see that his handsomeness outweighed that of the sun's. The sunset tried, but it just wasn't as kind on her eyes.
It wasn't that meeting her was enough. It was quite the opposite. But he had been let down by too many encounters. How many times had he bid a fond farewell to a woman at the bar on the promising note that she would return? A lot.
He contented himself that it was a nice evening spent with a lovely person, but resolved to still spend his next off day at the zoo, at the very least, to visit those dummy pandas and otters for the memory's sake.
So he did. He didn't see her, but he got too excited when he saw long hair of a black variety in some woman, who turned around and was considerably old. He went on his way. He smoked at his usual spot in front of the small train station they used for farm rides, and he felt compelled to visit the wolves. To give the memory a send off, since it was bothering him so much. Why had he told her about his name? His mental health? Why had he left these shards of very personal info inside this woman? Had he really thought, just for a second, that she'd reappear? He didn't think on it to know. So he hiked his bag up on his shoulder and carried himself back to Teton Park.
The wolves were all lounging in the sun, which shone like a merciless eye. The rays were warm in the chilly breeze. It was deeper into the season, and the elk had indeed been preparing to fight for the females. Their antlers hung with strips of bloody cartilage.
He hoped they would put them up at least by next week. No matter how you spun it, it was unsettling.
But he didn't look at the massive deer long. He just casually strolled by the wolves and difficultly made his call while walking. Two times in a row was rare, but it happened. Their howls sailed into the fall air.
Meanwhile, the woman with the parasol heard this: the ritualistic, guttural sound of the wolves from her position in front of the vultures. They were feasting on carnage the zookeepers had thrown in there, but her attention was stolen. She started to skip to Teton Park.
He was sitting by the geyser, weighing the odds of him getting caught if he smoked a cigarette.
When he saw her, he looked up at a lacy clad woman with an umbrella tossed over her shoulder.
It's the lady, he said, as he revived her name from his dead hopes. Arabella...
"How are you, Tobias?" she asked from afar.
"I'm doing better now," he told her honestly. "I didn't expect to see you again," it just sort of came out like a diehard confession.
"Well here I am," she said, "I've been thinking about you."
Tobias wasn't naive or stupid. She was thinking this could go somewhere. And maybe it could. Who knows, he thought.
"What have you been thinking?"
"I just wanna know some more about you."
"What do you wanna know?"
"How old are you? I'm nineteen," she said.
And he responded, "Twenty-five. I just had my birthday last month."
"What did you do?"
He paused and said, "Nothing. I don't like my birthday."
They strolled a bit while she did some quiet math. She didn't have a friend that old, nor had she been with someone of that age either. The gap was large to her, and attractive. An older man.
"I had my birthday recently too. We must be close in birthdays. I had mine at Owen Brennan's. I ate oysters for breakfast."
He didn't like oysters. "Ugh," he said. "Seafood."
"You don't like it?" she asked excitedly. "It's good."
"I'll be here," he said playfully, "when all of you see that I'm right."
She didn't know exactly what that meant, but she laughed.
"Can I show you my favorite place?" he asked.
"Where is it?" It was too early to trek anywhere outside the zoo, she was thinking. She'd have to make an awkward refusal and this would've affected her mood and thoughts of him.
But there was no need to be worried. "It's back at the beginning of the trail," he said.
She was relieved. "I don't mind."
They circled around and went past the monkeys to Cat Country. He took her to the tigers. There was window down a side road that was visible from the main walkway. They went down to it, and she noticed a crack in the glass. It was a pretty size-able crack, and a small tunnel of wind blew through the hole and made a small whine.
He began coaxing the tiger pacing around in the cage to come forth. The broken area was at level with Arabella's chin. And the tiger's maw could align with it when it climbed upon the rock dividing the glass.
"Every morning I stop by to see her. She breathes into the glass. And I stand pretty close. So I can feel and smell the tiger's breath."
She leaned forward, much to his surprise, and inhaled.
"Tiger's breath," she said simply.
"Yea."
"What a powerful way to begin the day," she uttered.
He suddenly liked her a hell of a lot more, by like 1000%. He did not expect her to center her face to the tiger's slack mouthed jaw. But she had.
"I wanna show you another place," he said.
She looked up at the tiger's neutral face and smiled a little before turning away.
"Farewell m'dear," Tobias told the tiger.
They went back through the Sierra, past the zebras and giraffes, just stomping the ground in their patterned coats. They stopped and looked at the ostriches a while, because the towering birds were initiating some interesting dances. Mating dances, doing can-cans with their wings. There's a lot of pre-coitus at this time in the zoo, he thought, remembering the elk.
They turned the corner towards the flamingos at first, but went left below a tribal gate. The path was tiled in vermillion and cyan colored diamonds. A small building squatted to the immediate right, where the public restrooms were. The trail curved in all directions like a sidewinder. The hippos were out, like giant grey manatees with feet cycling through the water. They paused for a long moment, and he asked her, "What would you name him?" gesturing to the closest hippo.
She looked him in the eyes, "Biggie Smalls."
A woman after my own heart, he thought. He smirked and even laughed a bit, saying, "I love Biggie Smalls."
"I didn't know that," she said, feeling pleased.
"Yea. I used to listen to his first album."
They walked on to approach the end of the hippo exhibit, but there was a turn. There he stepped in that direction and she followed. It led to a double rail of stairs that conjoined at a two story balcony. He knew that seldom did people come here, even though it was an attractive feature. It provided a great top-down view of the alligators.
"This is where I come to write," he told her, sitting down in the steps.
"You write?" This came as very interesting news. She was once published in her school year book.
"I try," he confessed. "Most of it is shit. I tend to burn pages a lot."
"I bet it's not," she said. "I'd love to read some sometime."
He looked at her, an unlit cigarette appearing between his lips. Ideas bloomed as slow as morning glories in his mind.
She thought of a talent wasted on fire. How tragic, she began to think herself.
"What do you write?"
"I'm working on a story, but I was a poetry major at some point."
She was thinking of going to school. She was young enough. A little over a complete year out of high school. And her dream since her middle grades had been to major in literature.
"That's crazy," she said, respiring. "I've read tons of books, tons of poetry..."
He made a move to just start speaking the last 18 lines of Shakespeare's A Midsummer Night's Dream. She was wildly impressed. She could recognize that it was a work of The Bard, and things got even more clear after she heard the name, "Puck."
"Oh my! That's lovely!"
"Glad you think so," he said, his smoke dwindling in his hand.
I am gonna fuck all the poetry out you... She actually gasped aloud at this intrusive thought. She didn't expect such an impulse to jump into her mind like that. But really it had, and really it gave her something to think about, no matter how dismissive she tried to be about it.
"Goodness," she said, trying to cover up her underlying feelings. "I'm suddenly feeling a snack. Do you think we can eat together at the cafe? Please?"
"Of course."
They left the spot. By the time they crossed under the gate, she realized there was what felt like a fire between her legs, weakening as they got further and further away from the moment he recited Shakespeare to her. At nineteen, with how little experience she had had, it could be said confidently that no man had ever ignited such a flame to that degree. She shyly crossed her legs carefully as they walked, but the fear of being inappropriate took over, and she straightened her gait. She was confused as what to do with her thoughts, which all told her she should pounce on him like a cheetah in heat. She wasn't ravenous anymore, but the thought of devouring something really appealed to her in a primordial feed-fuck-fight kinda way. The whole walk to the cafe was intense for her, though silent between them.
They didn't exchange words until he held the door open for her. She thanked him, and they went inside. There wasn't much of a wait, and Arabella wasn't hungry so much for food and hadn't been, but she needed something on her stomach, so she bought an all cane sugar Coke and a small order of fries with cheese sauce.
He got a simple hamburger. He loved onion and pickles, but he he refused the toppings. He felt something in the air that told him to keep his breath fresh.
They sat down on a table outside and a bad feeling came over him. He never was good at having a meal with someone. He didn't exactly know what to do, and he couldn't understand why, but really it was due to his condition, pertaining specifically to social cues. Having not known the girl so much, he reasoned with himself to play it super cool, and just eat there without saying much. Who knows what could come out of his mouth when he was this nervous.
"You okay?" she asked, not knowing it was a loaded question. "Your eyes look sad."
He avoided her intrigue, pretending he didn't hear her. "I don't know what color my eyes are m'dear."
"They're green," she said, overlooking her own concern. "Like a moray eel's body."
She wondered if he didn't look into his own reflection. She heard that people with his illness didn't exactly do such a thing. In this case, she was right. After all, the sunglasses he wore prevented her from catching this earlier, but she still had a notion.
"They're the color of an eel?"
"Yeah," she said between fries. "A long fantabulous moray eel," and she smiled at him.
He thought about it for a moment. Then he smiled too.
"You're like me. You have a connection with animals," he remarked.
"I do?" she asked, confused.
"The magpie," he said.
"Oh!" and she looked up, meeting those reflective sunglasses. "Yeah. He likes almost everyone."
"It's still a connection," he said, his eyes falling south of her face momentarily. "You have something on your collar," he told her.
"Oh," and she couldn't see it. And even if she could, she didn't want to get it herself. It was probably nacho cheese, which wasn't exactly very sexy to her, but she would take what she could get. "Can you get it for me?"
She felt his touch when he pulled on the lace around her throat. He did it several times, tugging lightly, as to scrape off the cheese. He slung his hand down towards the ground and wiped off his fingers on a napkin.
"Thank you," she said.
She wanted him to pull the collar apart. She was wearing a corset under her dress, and this she just had an urge to wear earlier, back at home. They were both looking at one another up and down so to speak, but no one had made any moves. But they were prepared. Who knows what their expectations were. Their minds were both halfway wild, because of different reasons, but it was showing. The girls eyes darted everywhere as she ate, looking for something to dull her desires. The man finished his meal and he sat up to throw it away. Kids played loudly on the playground around the cafe.
"Can you show me how to speak to him?" Tobias asked, returning to the table.
"The bird?" she almost couldn't remember what he was speaking of.
"Yea," he replied, softly, eyeing the children.
One of them screamed unnecessarily. "Ugh," he said.
"I know. I don't enjoy them either." So they left.
It was still early, and the birdhouse wasn't but a turn away from the eatery. The magpie was right inside the exit door, respectively next to the owls.
"See, he likes you," she told him.
The bird fluttered and pecked at his fingers, chirping.
"I wish I had kept a fry for him..." the girl said.
"I wish he had a mate," the man noticed aloud.
"Yea, he's all alone in here. No wonder he likes people. He's lonely."
Tobias again thought of when he was younger, when adults would come to his house and whisper about him to his mother, about how isolated and weird he was.
"I can relate," Tobias said absently.
"Do you live alone?" Arabella asked hopefully.
"I do," he said. "In a run down fixer upper in Frayser."
"I live in Frayser too," she said. It wasn't the best part of town.
Tobias wondered if they counted the same gunshots like stars. "Do you like it?" he dared to ask.
"I don't like the rats. My house is clean but they came in from the burnt house uphill. The whole street probably has them, but I don't talk to the neighbors."
Neither did he, but he actually knew the house she was speaking of. That was a neighborhood over. He bought weed from a guy across the street. The burnt house was an eyesore, and he had sort of watched it burn. Now apparently it was a hub for pests. What a shame. "I live by there," he said.
But neither of them followed up on this. They were keeping their union within the bounds of the zoo for now.
"I don't live with anyone either," she just said instead. "I used to have a boyfriend, a fiancé even, but that was in high school. I've since parted ways with him, and nearly everyone who I used to talk to."
So she was lonely. She could very well understand. The boredom. The wonder. Of how it came down to this. No friends, estranged family, no networks. Just a drug dealer, and a mother too involved in her own life states and states away. Suddenly, when he looked at her under the shade of her umbrella, there was a newfound tenderness there. He seemed in solidarity with someone. And this was how he started to want her.
But no matter how many animals they visited, and no matter how much they talked, intimacy never came to a physical level that day. When the zoo closed, they sat outside, so used to a standoffish nature in themselves, they couldn't light the fire that was sparking.
Knowing that nothing was going to happen this time without being rash, the girl just looked at him and spoke words to him while he smoked.
"Before I go, can I have one of those?"
"Sure," he said, offering his pack.
"Can you light it?"
There wasn't any wind. The last thing that was exchanged between them was this: After he lit the cigarette curiously between his lips as the girl watched, she took it from his hand and her mouth lovingly sealed around the filter. He had his eyes on her the whole time. She took a noticeably succulent drag and the smoke poured out of her lungs like an incense burner. It was alluring to him, as she intended.
She bid him farewell, and her shoes on the asphalt haunted him. He didn't want to have expectations, but he wanted her to come back. He wanted Wednesday to be here the moment she stepped away. He wanted those lips that so eagerly sucked down the poison of his smoke. He sat there for almost an hour just dwelling on this. He didn't want to go home. At least this spot and the vicinity was infused with memories. Ten seconds couldn't go by without her brushing his thoughts, especially her sultry goodbye. On the way home, he listened to music about new love.
They both tried to kill their hopes, but their dreams were hyper focused on a reunion. Wanting turned into longing, longing into yearning, and that led to frustration. When they looked at the time and date it was always so far away from midnight, the turning of the next day, and so distant in the week from the middle. It wasn't fun. The man didn't talk much to customers, and didn't even care for tips. The girl felt an inner monologue going in her head while she took calls at the center.
But eventually, as all weeks do, time landed on Wednesday, and they were both off work. Tobias and Arabella hadn't been so excited to go somewhere since their mamas took them to Disneyland. The girl arrived at the zoo two hours in advance of the official opening time. But already the parking lot spaces were slowly filling in. If you had a zoo pass, you could get in without waiting the two hours, and that was exactly what the girl planned to do. Wednesday was free day, but the rules still applied. She had a feeling he had a pass, even though she neglected to inquire the other day, but she was ready. She was going to search for him, and dadgummit she was at least going to obtain his phone number.
She paid the seventy five dollars, and the lady informed her this gave her free entries for a year. She listened with one ear, nodding as she was informed. Then she stepped inside the barely populated zoo. He wasn't by the wishing pond, or the small creek that children played in. The cafe was closed still, and there was no one soliciting the magpie. The dumb old pandas were stuffing their faces with bamboo, and the otters weren't even in the exhibit today. The tiger was making his rounds around his enclosed jungle, and Tobias wasn't in cat country inhaling his breath behind the glass.
She started to get worried. She was an hour into her visit, and there wasn't even a fresh cigarette butt to be found on the ground to give him away. But then she remembered one last place before she would start going around in circles, which dreaded her.
She went around to the flamingos and took that turn to the hippos. She cautiously walked the path, and her expectations were dangerously high. If they plummeted, she almost would just like to go back home. There would be no other reason to stay. She'd be devastated, she knew, for that was another week, another period of loneliness.
But she wouldn't have to endure it.
Her heart nearly stopped, she almost needed an inhaler herself, for there he was. The light blue of his shirt popping in the shadows. Normally she wouldn't think along these lines, but she did think he looked angelic up there, hiding up the stairs. She didn't want to startle him. Luckily he looked over at her before she took the final steps. At last, time was thwarted.
When she approached him, she had trouble believing it. Never had anything aligned so perfect, had something been so worth it, and little did she know these were premonitions.
"I'm writing you a poem--" he began to say.
But she crouched down, putting her umbrella on the wooden floor of the platform.
"It's really you."
"Yes."
"Can I kiss you?"
"Also yes."
It was a momentary relief from longing. The morning sun made their bodies a passionate silhouette against the horizon. A woman searching for all the details of a man's lips, smooching his face lovingly. She wanted him to know he was wanted somewhere. Maybe he didn't feel that way anywhere else, and he didn't. But right then, as wildly as she kissed him, he knew and felt like he belonged there. He decided then to stay forever, if she would let him.
He let her kiss him until his lips made a run for her beautiful throat, a cascade of smooth, perfect skin. She clutched him, wanting, by the hair, softly but feverishly stroking his curls and pulling off his hat. He pulled her away and looked up at her, at the register of them taking off clothes.
"Is this what you want?" he asked.
"Yes. I want you. Can we--? Now?"
"Mhm," he consented.
She kissed him again graciously. And together they pushed and pulled again, her lips leaving his, and his lips returning, until their tongues were in each others mouths, going as deep as they could. His teeth were polished, his tongue was warm and liked to slow dance around hers, and his smell was of mint and tobacco. All of this she learned.
When she reached for the belt tying his pants up, he resisted. "Wouldn't you like to cum?"
A man had never made her cum before. She had been with only four men. The furthest she had ever gotten with another person was, "It felt good."
"That's a shame," he said when she relayed this. "Can I try?"
She was nervous, but agreed.
He started moving his hand around her dress until he felt the center of her panties.
"Can you remove these?" he asked.
She reached underneath her clothes and slipped them off, putting them beside his hat.
"How should I lay?"
"On your back."
She did. The sunshine pelted her body, and she had the urge to remove the bulky, layered black gown she was wearing, but did not, as it would be too risky. She finally admitted to herself that this was daring, but it wasn't a weird feeling. If they got caught, that was just how it was, because there was no way she was stopping or putting this off. There was no one around, as she could see after she was more exposed, which had excited her paranoia in the first place. Before she swelled deeper into what they were doing, in public, he was moving his fingers around her pussy, and she stifled her moans and kept them at whimpers. He felt her heat and slippery slit, roaming the outside with his fingers first. Nothing she hadn't experienced, but she nonetheless liked. But then it happened so fast it was like confusion and amnesia hit her all at once. She forgot entirely the other times she had been fingerbanged, and all that was left was a vague mirage of memories whereas she was merely pumped into a bunch of times.
This was different. He kept his hand inside her pussy, with a thumb crossing over her clit the rest of her silky cunt. It wasn't long. In fact it was immediate. He was an experienced wanderer, and somehow his destination was reached in little to no time at all. She felt like a pulsation under his nail where he was scratching steadily.
"What the fuck is going on?" she nearly screamed.
"I'm stimulating your G-spot," he said tenderly, trying to relax her.
"I didn't know that was real."
"Oh, it's very real," he said, pushing away the urge to put his fingers in her mouth. He didn't want to scare her with any of his dirty impulses. Time was again the preventive. It was too early to fall down the spiral of hot, nasty, badass sex. They were basically making love, and he had to pluck this flower with as much delicacy as she had shown him for weeks. He had been so sad, and this was his release from all those negative emotions. These were the best times he had had in quite a while. He focused on making her cum.
"Oh my God," she said, breathily, gasping.
"Tell me when you cum," he instructed.
"I'm cumming right now!"
Her pussy got wetter and wetter. She seethed under his fingers, her vagina constricting. He suspected she was doing this in her own, but it was sexy.
She retracted from his insertion, pulling his face toward hers until their lips meshed again. The air filled with the sounds of kissing. Every time they left each other's mouthes briefly, there was a soft sucking sound. He wanted more sounds, like that pussy gliding on his dick, but he didn't impose, just wished. He kissed her throat again, softly, like he was teasing the flesh of a peach. He felt her body relax in his arms, post orgasm, but her heart beat loudly. He put his head on her chest and mouthed her breast over her clothes. She had big perky titties, and he felt for her nipples for a moment but she was wearing a bra. She climbed over his legs and sat on his lap, grinding down on his erection.
"Please let me fuck you," she told him, trying to be quiet.
"I'm right here," he answered.
"Please stay there."
"Not leaving."
"Help me," she said, milking his clothed cock with her hands.
He started removing his pants and she grabbed him by his tie, making eager, suppressed, wanting sounds.
He unearthed his dick from a pair of plaid boxer briefs, and she let her dress down. She wanted to feel him intimately. She felt like time and place had stolen any exploration she wanted to do, but she felt his length and girth under her skirt. Her pussy would feel everything for her.
She helped him inside, really feeling the pressure of having sex in public now, but a thrill was going up her spine, and this was really happening. His hands found her ass, and he helped her grind on him. At some point he bucked into her hard enough that she needed to steady herself backwards, her arms behind her and her hands gripping his thighs, which were like strong tree trunks. But she didn't need to move there. The same feeling that triggered her climax earlier was back again. That zenith of pleasure came over her like a star bursting in her womb. She remembered that he wanted to know, needed to know, when this happened, so in a rush she came to tell him that she was cumming.
"Yea baby," he chanted, "yea... fuck yea... cum on my dick. Cum as many times as you want."
She rocked on his hips, keeping his dick inside her. There was no sliding in and out, no sexy humping, just objective. She didn't care about looking hot. She already was, temperature wise, but that didn't matter. She was cumming again, and she brought this to his attention, in a drawn out guttural sound still masking its volume. They seemed to get sexier every time she came, and there was a point where she had done this a total of five times consecutively. Even the shadows were getting shorter. Sunbeams caught the crown of her head, and it looked like an angel was fucking him.
They had both connected in thought processes; at different intervals had they both seen the other as holy, sacred. While this wasn't the case, the idea that they were one another's salvation definitely clicked in their minds. They were escapes from indifference and boredom and hungering at the abysmal sky, wishing for love. And in that sense, they weren't wrong.
"You're going to make me cum," he finally told her, having these thoughts come over him, cross crossing with her pleasure and sounds. "Where should I cum?" He asked, quite lost on that note.
She got off of him, his dick slapping his belly below his shirt, his balls tight against his body. He clutched his dick and kept stroking it to maintain his edge.
She had to think on her toes, but this wasn't hard. She had been having vivid dreams of being sucked by a vampire...
"I want you to cum here," she said, making a ring around her collarbones.
A pearl necklace? he thought, knowing what that was called. Excitement claimed him. No fuck did he want to cum there, just about most of all.
"Yea, I'm about to," he told her.
She peered up at him until semen arced from the tip of his dick onto her. It clung to her skin, beading and slipping down her chest. It was warm for a moment, but chilled in the air. She didn't want to wipe it off. His face was a gasping fish. She looked at him until he finally locked eyes with her, probably for the first real time. Moray eel eyes, she thought pleasantly.
They found themselves at the aquarium. The zoo was about to close. She was staring at the eels.
"Can I see you next week?"
"How will we find each other? Chance, luck, the howling of wolves?" She laughed.
"Let's text," he said, "could be easier."
She smiled. "You never know."
And that's how they found a place in each other's contacts. The next time they met, she was wearing a real pearl necklace.
"I had been wearing it all week to flout about the sex I had!"
And this amused him to no end. They would discreetly fuck by the polar bears that day.
They saw each other next week.
They saw each other the week after.
It would come to be that they would see each other every day by the light of the morning and the fall of night. This went on for years. And even more years. They never returned to loneliness again.