Warning: This is the first chapter in a long, sometimes slow, edgy and very kinky incest tale. Each chapter builds on previous chapters. This story contains topics such as small breast fetish, female and male domination/submission, cuckoldry, spanking, voyeurism, exhibitionism, cross-dressing, feminization, panty fetish, sissification, embarrassment/humiliation, masturbation, father/daughter, mother/son, and bi-sexuality. It is not intended to be a "Quick Read", but rather a shocking and detailed look at the way two kinky people find each other, the way their relationship blossoms and the experiences they enjoy and endure.
+++++++++++++++
"Paul, it's good to see you." He said as he met me at the door to his private study and shook my hand. Standing before me, PJ looked uncomfortable and unsettled. I took notice of it because I'd never seen him that way before.
Shoving his hands deeply into his pockets, he rocked back on his heels and then smiled a crooked smile and said, "I'm happy you came to see me about this, and frankly, I've been anticipating this conversation for some time."
I was talking to Patty's father, the famous business tycoon, PJ Wallingford.
I'd asked Patty to marry me four times in the last year. Each time, she reiterated the fact that she loved me with all her heart, but despite everything I said and did, she always turned me down saying she wasn't ready to get married. For some time, I'd suspected there was some unknown factor keeping her from saying 'Yes', but I couldn't figure out what it was. I asked her once if she wanted to break up, but she swore to me that I meant everything to her. Thoroughly confused about Patty and our situation, I finally decided to talk with her Dad to see if he could help me understand what was going on.
I wasn't sure where to start, so I began the conversation with Patty's father by telling him I was in love with his daughter. "I know you are, son," he answered, "and I know she loves you, too. I'm very happy for the both of you."
I went on to tell him how I'd proposed to Patty four times and how she said "No" four times.
"I know, Paul." PJ said to me. "And each time you asked her, she came home to me and cried her eyes out for hours. The last time it happened, I had to cancel a business trip to stay home with her because she was so distraught." PJ leaned forward and looked at me, adding, "She's afraid you're going to give up and quit asking, you know. That's why I'm glad you finally called me."
"Sir," I continued, "I don't know what to do about her. I don't know if it's something I'm doing, or something I'm not doing..... I don't know if it has something to do with inheritance or social status, or what! All I know is that I love your daughter and I'm almost to the point where I'm about ready to kidnap her and hold her hostage at gun point until she says "Yes".
PJ started laughing. It's a good thing, too, because I'm sure in any other context, someone saying they might kidnap his daughter would bring down the wrath of hell on them. One thing I'd learned in the last eighteen months was that Patty was definitely a Daddy's Girl.
"Well, let me set your mind at ease about a few things, Paul," he answered, "her reluctance to say "Yes" doesn't mean she doesn't want to marry you, I can assure you of that, and I hope you believe it. And it has nothing to do with inheritance, social status or anything you're doing right or wrong. I know my daughter - and I know she loves you. She's been in love with you almost since your first date."
"Then, can you tell me how I can convince her to marry me?" I finally blurted out.
"Yes, Paul, I probably can." He answered. Then after thinking a few seconds, continued, "But, that's a whole different conversation than what we're having right now."
I was confused. How could it be a different conversation? I was sitting here talking to him about why Patty wouldn't marry me. It was simple enough, I though. I'm asking why -- all he has to do is answer.
"PJ," I replied, "I'm confused now. I thought you said you could help me out with Patty."
"Let me put it another way," PJ answered, "I can help you understand why she won't say 'Yes', but that's going to be a tough conversation to have. It will be a long one, too..... and difficult for both of us, I'm afraid."
He paused for a minute and added, "During that conversation, you'll probably get angry, and you'll probably feel hurt. You might feel betrayed and you'll most likely run out of here and never want to see Patricia again. And you should know, there could be consequences to that conversation, son.... you need to clearly understand that."
PJ got up out of his chair and stood behind his desk. "Look, Paul," he said, "if I just scared the crap out of you, I apologize. We can forget the whole thing if you like. You're free to get up and walk out of here and I won't think any less of you."
I stood up and walked to the edge of his desk. "Sir," I replied, "I came here today to find out what I need to do to get Patty to marry me. That's my only focus right now and I'm not going to rest until I find out what that is. There's nothing more important to me, and there's no force on Earth that can divert me from that."
I paused for a moment and looked at him. "Sir, uh.... PJ," I said as I took a deep breath, "look, you probably don't understand. I would do or give anything to marry your daughter. If the conversation you referred to will put me on the path to get Patty to say "Yes", then by all means - let's have it. She is the most important thing in my life, PJ. I don't care about anything else."
He shrugged his shoulders and sat down in his chair. Crossing his arms over his chest, a satisfied grin appeared on his face as he said, "You know, I really think you mean that."
"I do." I answered.
"Paul, listen to me carefully." He warned. "You've convinced me that it's time for you and I to have this talk. But, before we do, I'm going to need some assurances that you'll never disclose anything we talk about in any way, shape or form, other than with Patricia and myself."
"You have my word on that, Sir." I promised him.
"Well, don't take offense to this, but I need a little more assurance than that." He opened one of his desk drawers and pulled out a large envelope. "I've had this in my drawer since the day after you asked Patricia to marry you the first time." He said. "I've been waiting..... uh, well..... actually hoping, for this day to come so I could hand it to you."
Continuing, he said, "What I want you to do is read what's in here. Once you read everything and understand exactly what you read, you'll have to sign them. When you've done that, we can have that talk. And at the end of that discussion, you'll understand everything clearly."
I reached out to take the envelope, but he pulled it back and added, "Son, make sure you read this carefully. I'll give you an hour or so to look it over and then I'll answer any questions you have about it. Paul, if your quest is as urgent as you've led me to believe it is, this is where you begin."
He handed me the envelope and told me to make myself comfortable at his desk. "I'll have some things brought in for you while you read," PJ said, "and I'll come back in about an hour to see how you're doing. Don't rush, Paul, take as much time as you need."
With that, PJ left the room and I was left alone in his study.
The quiet in the room was almost deafening. I couldn't hear one audible sound besides my own breathing. Since he told me to sit at his desk, that's exactly what I did. I'd been in this room before with Patty many times to see him, but now that I was sitting in his chair behind his desk, a sense of humility came over me. I had to wonder how many business deals and how many millions of dollars had been made at this desk.
I held the envelope in my hands and thought about the words he used. There was a bit of mystery here and some intrigue, too. For sure, there was a secret somewhere and I figured it was a pretty big one. But, I loved Patty and I was willing to play just about any game to make her mine. As I was about to open the envelope, a knock came from the door. When I looked up, Patty poked her head in and smiled at me.
"Daddy asked me to bring you some things. May I come in?" She asked.
"Well, of course." I answered. "It's your house!"
Patty came in pushing a cart that had some cold drinks and a few office supplies -- things like highlighters, pens and pencils. But what really caught my eye was the outfit Patty was wearing. On top, she wore a tight white halter which was noticeably too small. It clearly showed the outline of her tiny breasts and her nipples, which were poking out through the material of her shirt. I set the unopened envelope down and leaned back in PJ's chair so I could simply admire my angel.
On the bottom, she had on a pair of tight white short shorts that she knew I loved. They hugged her petite body like a glove, especially at her crotch and around her little butt, plus they were thin enough I could easily make out the tiny pink bikini panties she wore underneath. She knew her outfit would get my attention because she'd worn it many times before. Every time I saw her in it, my penis went into instant boner-overload mode.
She pushed the cart next to the desk and slipped behind me and leaned down to kiss my neck. Seeing that I hadn't opened the envelope yet, she asked, "Aren't you going to open it?"
"Uh huh," I answered, nodding my head up and down, "I was about to, but you've kind of distracted me now. Damn, Patty," I said, "I can't believe you wear that in front of your father. Your nipples are really poking out."
My comment made Patty giggle and she stepped around to the side of the chair. "Oh, am I making you jealous?" She asked, pushing right up next to me. Her nipples were almost even with my mouth and I could have leaned over and bitten one - she was that close.
She reached down to my lap and pressed the palm of her hand against my crotch. "Oh, my! You Naughty Boy!" She exclaimed.
I had to smile. She'd given me that nick name, "Naughty Boy" the day we had our first date. It was the most supreme day of my life: the day we had our first kiss, the day I sniffed her panties for the first time and first time I experienced one of her glorious handjobs. Embarrassingly enough, it was also the day she introduced me to exhibitionism.... and much more.
"Did I do that?" She asked innocently, referring to the straining erection in my pants.
I moaned as she pressed her hand against my cock and then finally giving in, I pushed the chair back from the desk to give her more room. As soon as I pushed back, though, she pulled her hand away.
"Daddy warned me not to bother you, but, uh, it seems I already have." Patty whispered, leaning over to rub her nose against mine. She placed her hands on the side of my face and pulled us together, kissing me tenderly on the lips. "Thanks for coming to talk to Daddy today." Patty said. "I was starting to worry you might never figure it out. But you did, and you're here now, and I love you so much for that."
Quietly, she turned to leave, stopping at the door to wiggle her little butt at me. Then with a coy glance over her shoulder, she left the room and I was left alone again with the silence.
The envelope contained several documents attached together. There was a broadly worded Non-Disclosure Agreement as well as a very thorough set of documents that effectively transferred everything I owned into PJ's name in return for a payment of $1. That included all my personal belongings, real estate, investments and 100% of my business interests. The effective date of the transfer would occur sometime in the future, at a date which PJ would provide. The agreement would stay in force for 99 years and there was no revocation clause. In essence, once I signed this, he could execute it at any time and he would instantly own everything that was mine. This is the kind of document no one in their right mind would ever sign and it's the kind of a document my lawyer would blow his top over.
I read every word on every page inside the envelope. It was interesting how the forms were already made up and how they contained my formal name, including my middle name, along with my ID numbers and other particulars I would consider private and confidential. Whoever put all this together had done their homework very well.
There was a lot of legal mumbo-jumbo, but I understood exactly what the papers were saying. After I'd read through it twice, the door opened and PJ walked in and shut the door behind him.
"Any questions you want to ask me?" He asked.
"Well," I answered, "just one. But, first let me say you've got me pegged wrong if you think any of the material possessions I have is more important to me than Patty is. So if you think you'd ever leverage me away from her by executing this agreement in some way, you're barking up the wrong tree, Sir."
"Paul, that's not the intent of the document at all." He replied, chuckling. "But I'm glad to see you'll put my daughter above anything else in your life. Why don't you ask your question and let me answer it. Then I'll explain what the document is for."
"If I sign these, will Patty agree to marry me?" I asked.
"Good question, Paul." PJ said. "The direct answer is "No", signing the papers will not let you walk out of here able to marry Patricia. But, by signing it you'll be able to take the first step to making that happen. Said another way," he paused for emphasis, "If you don't sign, there's no way the two of you will ever marry."
That wasn't what I expected to hear and I had to take a minute to think about it. "Paul, let me explain how the documents would be used." PJ pulled up a chair and sat directly in front of me. "Son," he continued, "if you sign the documents, I'll keep them in my lawyer's safe with strict instructions that they would never be executed unless you disclose any portion of the conversation we need to have. Even if you decide to walk away from Patricia after we talk, as long as you keep your mouth shut, you're fine. But if we ever find out you've disclosed or repeated even one iota of what we talk about, we'll execute the agreement and you'll be penniless and financially ruined."
"So this is the reassurance you were speaking of earlier?" I asked.
"Exactly." PJ replied.
"So if I sign this, we can have the discussion and I'll have a chance to marry her. And if I don't sign, I'll never have a chance. Did I get that right?" I asked.
"Right again." He replied.
"And as long as I keep quiet about the conversation we need to have, I've got your word you won't ever execute this agreement?" I inquired, holding up the document.
"You've got it perfectly, Paul." PJ answered.
"Sir, your word is good enough for me." I said as I signed the papers and then handed the bundle over to him."
"Paul, I promise you've made the right decision." PJ said as she stood and shook my hand. "So, when would you like to talk?" He asked. "We can do it now, or this evening, or tomorrow -- or anytime you want. It might take a while, so we should set aside some time when we won't be interrupted."
"Perhaps," PJ said, as he stroked his chin, "maybe you'd like to spend some time with Patricia here at the house today. You're welcome to stay the afternoon and have a early dinner here and we can talk after that."
"That sounds good, PJ." I answered.
PJ motioned me to walk to the door with him, and as we walked, he leaned over and whispered to me, "I bet my little Patricia is standing on the other side of that door with her ear pressed up against it trying to listen to what we're saying. What do you say we find out?"
He had a mischievous grin on his face, but I liked his idea. If he was right, then I'd know she was eager for me to sign the papers and have the talk with her father.
I stood a few feet away while he slowly reached for the door knob. Looking at me and smiling, he yanked the door open and sure enough, Patty was standing right there as if she'd been trying to eavesdrop through the door.
Patty looked at me and then she stood up and put her arms around her father's waist and said "Sorry, Daddy. I couldn't help myself."
"I know you couldn't help yourself, Baby Girl," PJ replied, "but you know spying isn't becoming of a young girl. We'll deal with that later, though."
"Yes, Sir." Patty replied as her eyes lowered to the floor.
"You'll be happy to know, though," PJ continued, "that Paul signed the forms, so I've asked him to stay for dinner and then he and I are going to have our little talk after we eat."
Patty threw herself into his arms and hugged him tightly. "Oh, thank you, Daddy." She exclaimed. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" As they hugged, I watched the little shorts she was wearing disappear up into her butt crack and the bottoms of her butt cheeks pop out.
Then she ran to me and hugged me, too. "I knew you'd sign it," Patty said, "I knew you wouldn't give up." PJ eyes dropped to Patty's butt and I'm sure he saw her cute little ass the same way I did.
Then as I held her, she got tears in her eyes and laid her head down on my chest. "I'm so happy right now." She said, sniffing a few tears back. Then she lifted her head off my chest and reached out for her father's hand, adding. "And it's because the two men I love the most are right here."
NOTE: This is probably a good spot in my story for me to explain some details, such as how I met Patty and her father, and how we got to this point. Don't worry, I'll eventually circle back to here.
I met Patty in a strange twist of circumstances at the Washington Dulles airport one evening. We were waiting to board the same flight and due to an aircraft equipment change, some of the passengers holding boarding passes weren't going to get seats. I was one of the lucky ones, primarily because I'd purchased a first class ticket. Many weren't going to be so lucky, though.
I was sitting in the boarding area close to the agent counter when the ticket agent called Patty's name over the loudspeaker and told her she was going to have to wait until the next flight. Trying not to be nosey, I turned back to my magazine, but looked up when I heard Patty begin to cry.
I overheard her tell the gate agent that she had to get home quickly because her grandfather had been taken to the hospital with a heart attack. Unfortunately, the gate agent's hands were tied - they were given a list of who would have seats on the airplane and Patty's name wasn't on the boarding list.
I felt so sorry for the young woman. I thought she might be traveling alone -- maybe even her first time flying. She was just a tiny thing, too, perhaps five foot tall and a frame that matched. My heart went out to her, and knowing I could easily delay my plans, I walked up to the counter while Patty stood there and told the agent she could have my first class seat and I would wait for the next flight. Initially, the gate agent told me the passenger lists had already been determined, but I insisted that the agent make the change.
Of course, Patty was speechless but I nodded to her confidently as we waited for the gate agent to make the changes and give her a boarding pass. When the change was done, I told her to have a good flight and wished her luck with her grandfather.
As I returned to my seat in the gate area, Patty came to thank me and sat down in the seat next to me. As we talked, I discovered she'd just finished up her studies in Georgetown and was worried sick about her grandfather. I initially judged Patty's age to be about 16 or 17 because she looked so young, especially with that cute pony tail she was whipping around. I was genuinely surprised when she told me she was 23 and had just graduated from college.
We talked while we waited for her plane to board, and during the conversation I happened to notice that her shirt was billowing open at the top, treating me to an unobstructed view down the front of Patty's shirt. While I wouldn't normally be interested in such a cheap peek, it was almost impossible not to look -- and I could see absolutely everything since the girl wasn't wearing a bra.
From where I sat, and without any effort what so ever, I could look right down into Patty's shirt to see her tiny breasts on display. Even though I tried to be nonchalant about looking, I'm almost positive she had to know -- and she didn't seem to care.
The way her shirt buttoned, along with the way she sat, gave me a completely private view of her tiny boobies, which weren't even enough to fill a heavily padded A-cup. In fact, those perfect little breasts looked to be no larger than golf balls and much of what she had was just her cute puffy nipples straining up from her chest. The view I had was so good, I could almost count the little bumps on her areolas and I could see the pristine smoothness of her delicate, pink nipple caps. I can only remember getting a chance like this once or twice before in my life, and each of them left me with enough fantasy material to fuel many jerk off sessions, so after covering my hardening cock with my magazine, I feasted my eyes on her bare breasts while we talked.
To be honest, there are only two things which are 100% guaranteed to get me to notice a woman. The first being smallness in the tit department, and I don't mean that in a derogatory way. What I mean is, when I think about the perfect woman -- I mean my perfect woman, I visualize a woman with very petite breasts. That old adage, "Anything more than a mouthful is wasted" is my mantra. When ever I see a woman that might hold prospective romantic interest, the first thing I try to figure out is her cup size. If it's more than an 'A', I lose interest quickly.
The second thing that always catches my eye is VPL, or Visible Panty Lines. While I guess most women are now wearing thong underwear to reduce panty lines under today's synthetic fashions, hopefully, there are some smart ones that realize what an eye catcher panty lines are. I can't understand why women wear fashions to highlight their bounding breasts, but don't give the same effort to highlight their butts. What's the use of seeing a woman's butt if you can't visualize her panties? It just doesn't make sense to me.
In Patty's case, her cute, clear and uncomplicated complexion, along with her petite stature were a visual bonus, and the fact that she seemed to be an intelligent and articulate girl made her attractive as hell to me.
So, I spent a good thirty minutes looking down the top of her blouse directly at her unharnessed boobs. Unless I'm seriously mistaken, when she saw me checking her out, she actually shifted in her seat to give me an even better view. While we conversed, I rarely raised my eyes to look at her face, and she didn't show the slightest bit of concern that she was exposing her breasts to me. Man, I was in heaven! And, she was an angel.
When the gate agent called for first class boarding, she asked how she could thank me for my generosity of giving up my seat. I almost told her I would appreciate a picture of her tiny breasts as a keepsake, but being the gentleman I am, I told her it wasn't necessary and added that I'd thoroughly enjoyed her company. Blushing, she lowered her eyes to the floor and then gingerly peeked up at me and said, "Uhm... I did, too. I wish we could talk longer, but I have to go."
Before she walked away, Patty insisted that I give her my name, address and phone number so she could thank me properly once she got home. Hopeful I might get another chance to see her micro-breasts again, I jotted it all down on one of my business cards and handed it to her. As she stood, she shook my hand firmly and thanked me again. Right before she disappeared through the boarding door, she turned and stood on her tiptoes to wave at me and then she was gone.
Now, my luck with women isn't what I would call spectacular. In fact, it's horrible. I've been through several relationships with women that were snooty, moody and shallow. Since I'm about to turn 30 and already own my own thriving business, I'm doing pretty well for myself and I'm financially comfortable. I try to keep that fact under wraps when I first meet a prospective woman, but more often than not, once the lady finds out my financial situation, they seem to become interested in marriage pretty quickly. Now, I'm not trying to make all women out to be gold-diggers, but I've run across more than my share. I may be the last man on earth who actually wants to fall in love before I get married, so, until that happens, I'm just going to keep looking.
Yes, I get as much sex as I want. It's not hard to get laid, but, it's not the kind of sex I'm looking for, and, it's not the kind of sex I want. Perhaps I should state it like this: It's not the kind of sex I really need.
See, I've got some fetishes and interests which most women seem to regard as 'Kinky' and I'm very reluctant to disclose them because I've had more than one girlfriend accuse me of being a pervert or a sicko. But, the way Patty sat there and let me ogle her tiny nubbins, it sure made me think about all the fun I could have with her and her beautiful A cups.
My flight finally boarded and as I sat on the darkened plane for the trip home, I closed my eyes and brought back the vision of Patty's little buds. My cock responded almost immediately, pushing against my suit pants in an urgent fashion. "What an amazing experience" I said to myself as I remembered the way she exposed herself to me.
When the plane landed, I made my way through the terminal and was surprised to see a very well dressed man standing there holding a sign with my name on it. Now, sometimes I arranged for a limo when I traveled, but this was my home airport and my car was in the parking garage. So, what was up with this?
Probably just a similar name, I thought -- but I approached the man anyway and told him who I was. "Paul J. Davis from ILP Corporation?" He asked questioningly.
"Yes." I replied. "Are you here to pick me up or something?"
"No, Sir" He answered. "I have a delivery for you. I was asked to hand it to you, personally." Immediately, the training from my over bearing attorney kicked in and I took a step back so he couldn't hand me a summons, subpoena or serve me with court papers. Not that I've done anything wrong, but the whole country is "Litigation Happy" and I've been trained not to take things from people without knowing what they are.
The man simply smiled and told me I had nothing to be concerned about and held out an envelope with my name hand printed on it. Cautiously, I took the mysterious envelope from the man, and while he waited, I opened it up and read it. To say I was surprised would be a gross misstatement. The envelope contained a very courteous and thoughtful hand written 'Thank You' note from Patty's father, thanking me for helping his daughter get home and inviting me to have lunch with him tomorrow so he could show his gratitude. The note contained the address and time of the engagement as well as an offer to have me picked up.
"Shall I convey your acceptance to Mr. Wallingford?" The man inquired.
"I appreciate the offer, but, tell him this isn't necessary," I replied, smiling to the man. "I was happy to help her out given the situation."
At that point, the man handed me a business card and told me Mr. Wallingford insisted I accept his offer. Looking at the card, my eyes bugged out as I read the name. "P. J. Wallingford".
"P.J. Wallingford?" I asked curiously. "The real P.J. Wallingford?"
"None other." The man replied quietly.
Taken aback that fate had thrown me into a lunch invitation with the famous P.J. Wallingford, I shook the surprise out of my head and readily agreed, telling the man I would be honored to accept the invitation.
"Very good, Sir." The man answered. "And by the way, Sir, you needn't worry about Miss Patricia's Grandfather. Seems it was just a bout of indigestion, and he's perfectly fine." Then, after giving him the address where he could pick me up tomorrow, he expressed his thanks and left.
All night I struggled with the whole idea of meeting P.J. Wallingford and the unbelievable memories of how I shamelessly peeked at his daughter's breasts. I can't tell you the thoughts that flew through my mind, even wondering if I was going to be chastised by the powerful man for my voyeuristic behavior.
But, the lunch went fine and he was quite cordial, even offering to pay me back for the first class seat I'd given to his daughter. Smiling, I told him not to worry about it; that the cost of the seat wasn't a consideration in my mind. We ended up spending most of the afternoon talking business and I found him quite intriguing. He expressed an interest in my business and even offered a few tips to help me prop up cash flow. It turned out we had something in common -- that being a passion for golf. And golf is what enabled me to start dating his only daughter, Patricia, or as he referred to her, his "Baby Girl".
He invited me out to his club the next Saturday morning to play a round of golf. I was enormously excited about playing with this business icon, but that excitement paled in comparison to the way my heart jumped when I arrived and found Patty there and learned that she was joining us, too.
While PJ went into the pro shop to check us in, Patty and I waited outside. As I sat on the bench to put on my golf shoes, Patty squatted down next to her bag and started feeling through the pockets obviously looking for something. The way she was positioned was a dream come true for me because her legs were parted a few inches and I was treated to a nice peak up her skirt. Well, it was actually more than a 'peek' because I could see it all; a complete, straight ahead panty shot. Not just a sliver of panties, mind you -- I saw her whole panty covered mound.
She kept that position for another minute, and all the while, I just kept looking. She glanced up with a grimace on her face and said, "you don't have an extra divot tool do you?"
I told her I didn't think so, and she simply turned her attention back to her golf bag and kept digging around, looking for it. Throughout all this, I'm still sitting there and I'm staring between her legs at the hot pink panties which were pulled tightly across her pussy. "Damn, what luck!" I thought to myself. First I see this girl's boobs at the airport and now I'm seeing her panties. "The girl is completely oblivious to what she's doing." I thought.
The instant the pro shop door opened and her Dad came out, she magically found her divot tool and stood up. "I knew I had one in there." Patty said, holding it up. Honestly, I didn't care if she'd found her divot tool or not -- I just wanted to see more of her panties.
Since we were a threesome, PJ suggested that he and I share a cart for the front nine and once we make the turn, Patty and I should ride together on the back nine. Hell, I was thankful to have any time alone with her, so I readily agreed and strapped my bag into the cart alongside PJ's.
Not more than 10 minutes later, when we were at the first tee, I saw her panties again and when we were putting, she bent over and I got another look straight down her top. Again, today she wasn't wearing a bra and I saw her tiny boobs clear as day.
When she stood up, she saw me looking and gave me a sly smile. And with each successive hole, I either got see her panties or I got to see her breasts. Her tiny nipples were on display, too, thrusting out wonderfully in the crisp morning air, a fact I'm sure her father must have noticed. But neither he, nor she, seemed to be the least bit bothered at her appearance, so I took advantage of the situation and enjoyed the show. She had my total attention and I'm almost positive she knew it.
When we were hitting over the water hazard on four, PJ and I stood behind her as she made her approach to the ball. We were quiet as she looked out over the water and up toward the pin. Then, PJ leaned over toward me. "She's quite fetching, isn't she, Paul?" He said quietly.
"Sir," I replied, "If you don't mind me saying, that's probably the biggest understatement I've ever heard a sane man say."
PJ, as he asked me to call him, just smiled and patted my back lightly as we watched Patty hit the ball and we followed it through the air as it rolled to the outer edge of the green. Damn, the girl was shooting right at par and I was already three over. I kept telling myself it was okay, though -- it was their home course and I'd never played it before. Plus, with the distractions being thrown my way, I was glad I wasn't eight over!
All the way through the front nine, Patty was more than generous with her panty and breast exposures. I kept waiting for her father to catch on, but he never did, and the show never stopped. I kept a perpetual hard-on for those two hours and I never complained one bit!
During the back nine, Patty talked up a storm in the cart with me. I let her drive, and under the guise of being a good conversationalist, and behind the safety of my dark sunglasses, I enjoyed the view of her dainty nipples jiggling under her shirt as she drove. Along the way, she told me her life story and I told her mine. The more time I spent with Patty, the more I realized she was actually a pretty cool person. Granted, they way she was showing herself off to me might have caused my initial interest, but after a while, I wondered if there wasn't a spark growing between us.
At the twelfth hole, PJ stopped to take a restroom break, so Patty and I hung out at the tee box waiting for him. I watched as she bent down to place her tee and set her ball up. She stayed bent over for a while which allowed me to get another clear view of both her petite breasts when the front of her shirt fell away from her chest. Continuing to adjust the height of the tee and the way the ball sat on it, she stayed bent over long enough for me to get an extra long look at her lovely breastlings. Moving toward her, I kneeled down across from Patty to brush away some leaves and grass clippings next to her tee. Imagine my surprise when she kneeled down opposite me. Glancing over her shoulder to see if her dad was coming yet - and then satisfied he wasn't, she allowed her knees to open wide enough for me to get an extremely close look at her pink panties.
The view she afforded me was nothing short of mind blowing, and I could easily make out the gusset of her panties and even the intricate stitching along the elastic between her thighs. I glanced up at her to see she'd caught me looking between her legs. Embarrassed that she caught me gawking at her panties, I quickly looked away and apologized, but, she reached out and softly grasped my hand saying, "No, it's okay, Paul. You can look. We can't let Daddy see, though."
My eyes dropped down between her legs again and she pivoted slightly, enough for the sun to shine directly on the silky fabric covering her pussy. I swear I could make out the lips of her labia pushing against the tight material of her panties. "Oh, Patty, that's so nice." I whispered as I looked up at her. My heart started to beat wildly as I stared at her panties.
"Daddy's coming." She whispered as she twisted her legs away from me.
With that, Patty stood up and I followed a second later. When PJ joined us, I had to turn away to discretely adjust my hardened manhood inside my pants. Patty saw my predicament and smiled, knowing full well she'd given me an embarrassing erection with her father about to walk right up to us.
When we got to sixteen, PJ hit off into the rough on the left side, so Patty and I waited in our cart while he went to look for his ball. Turning toward me and away from her Dad's view, she cocked one knee up on the seat between us and pulled her golf skirt up a little. Now to me, this was nothing short of blatant exhibitionism, and I made my mind up I was going to say something to her.
Initially, neither one of us said a word, but as she looked toward her father to make sure the coast was clear, my eyes traveled down between her legs and I was treated to a full, wide open view of those pink panties, which now had a very visible wet spot and the material was creased up between her pussy lips.
Without caring what her father might say if he saw, I stared between her legs and said "Patty, forgive me for saying this, but, if you've been trying to get me hot and bothered, I just want you to know that it worked. In fact, you've had me hot and bothered since I met you at the airport the other day."
"I wondered if you were ever going to bring that up." She replied cautiously. "I saw you looking down my top, you know." She looked at me and then asked, "You're a voyeur, aren't you?"
"And you're an exhibitionist." I answered. "It's kind of convenient that we met, don't you think?"
Patty looked over at me and shrugged her shoulders. "Most guys wouldn't bother looking down my top," she said, "there's not much to see down there. When you kept looking, I knew you were either a voyeur or small tit man."
"You know," I replied, "I sat in that airport for 30 minutes with a hard-on looking at your beautiful breasts, and then on my own flight, I spent another hour with a hard-on remembering what they looked like, and the instant I saw you this morning, I got excited all over again. And to tell the truth, you've kept me excited all day long."
"Yeah," she giggled, "I saw you back there trying to make yourself presentable when Daddy came back from the restroom."
"Found it!" We heard PJ yell. Patty pulled her skirt down and shifted her legs around and we turned to see her father walking toward us, about twenty yards out. As he got closer to the cart, I leaned over and said, "By the way, I think you're breasts are absolutely lovely."
"Why, thank you, kind sir." Patty said in return as a slight blush overtook her cheeks. "I don't think anyone has ever said that to me before."
"I'm not kidding," I whispered, "I mean that very sincerely."
I could see the blush spreading down Patty's neck. I think my comments embarrassed her and she glanced over at me in a bashful manner. I'm not sure why I did it, but while she was looking, I slipped my hand down into my pants and made an obvious move to straighten my cock out so my hard-on wouldn't be obvious when I stepped out of the golf cart. Patty watched the whole time.
"You've really had an erection all day?" Patty asked. "Because of me?"
Continued in the next chapter.