Walk with Pride


My wife shows 'em all what money can't buy

Did you ever have one of those moments that was so perfect you felt "life just doesn't get any better than this," a moment made that much sweeter by the pain that preceded it? I had a moment like that not too long ago, and it was my wonderful, beautiful, incredible wife Alicia that gave it to me.
Alicia is my 2nd wife. She's Latina, and true to the stereotype she could be fairly described as passionate and fierce, especially when it comes to love for her family, her sense of right and wrong, and fortunately, her love for me.
I truly am a lucky man. I know I am. But that doesn't mean I haven't fallen occasionally into periods of depression, or feelings of worthlessness or self pity, wishing I had more money. I'm only human after all. I had one of those periods recently until Alicia snapped me right out of it. Boy did she ever! And it's something neither I, nor all of our friends who were there are likely to ever forget.
More about that in a minute, but first, a little background.
I'm a lawyer by training and by tradition. My father and grandfather, even my great grandfather were also lawyers, all in the same small town. Eden's Prairie sits in a rural part of the state where most of the economy, or what's left of it, is built around farming. I guess you could say my family is something of an institution in that town. Having grown up in it, with roots so deep, I never really imagined myself anywhere else.
Even when I'd gone off to the city, first for college and then for law school, it was fun and exciting for a while, but it wasn't home. So while all my law school buddies signed on with big law firms or became prosecutors or house counsel for corporations, I went back home to a life of writing wills, defending drunk drivers, doing divorces, and just generally helping out my longtime friends and neighbors with their assorted legal needs. It might not be the path to riches or fame, but, at least, I tried to tell myself, I was a respected member of the community, and I could make a positive difference in people's lives. You don't get that working for Exxon.
My first wife, Katherine, didn't see it that way. I'd met her in school and although she tried, small town life was simply not for her. Nothing like living away from it to make her realize she really missed the culture, shopping, and excitement of the city. Oh, and she liked money too. That was a problem, because we didn't have much, at least not by her standards. When I had offers to move back to the city and make much more, she absolutely could not understand why I would turn them down. Gradually, she came to see me as kind of a loser with no ambition, so when our old mutual friend from law school, Chad, started putting out feelers, she was receptive. They had an affair. I had suspicions, but I still fundamentally trusted and believed in her right up until she told me she was leaving.
Word gets around fast in a small town, and right after Katherine left is when Alicia came into my life. Only a few years earlier I'd helped her younger brother in a juvenile case where the cop had decided right away that he was guilty, and then stopped investigating. It didn't take me long to find a much likelier suspect, who was eventually (two years later) tried and convicted, but it took a year-and-a-half of putting Alicia's family through the wringer before I could finally get the DA to drop the charges. Somehow Alicia had never married. She was 30 years old, proud and unreachable, some kind of virgin queen, or so everyone thought, but when she heard I was single, she went after me. I guess I must have made a good impression helping out her brother. I was 42, so a little older, but not so much as to make our ages an obstacle. Thank God she took that risk!
She didn't have to chase me too hard. Like I said, it was a small town, and Alicia was easily the most beautiful woman in it. The fact she was 30 and unmarried, and was well-known to shoot down any guy who dared to ask her out had led most people to believe she was either gay, or maybe asexual or something. Nope. Nothing of the kind. Turns out she was just holding out for a better offer. She was too loyal to her family to move away, and when she heard I was single she manufactured an excuse to come see me at the law office. I figured out what she was really up to pretty quickly and asked her out. Nature just took its course after that.
We'd been married about 3 years when the invitation came. My law school classmate Rick was throwing a party, a kind of informal reunion for our old gang. Everyone, it seems, was going to be there, including Chad and Katherine. To be honest, I had mixed feelings about going, and not just because my ex was going to be there with her new husband. Sure, I'd been friends with those guys for more than 20 years, and we'd had some good times back in the day, but our lives had taken different paths. Increasingly, it seemed they were all about money, even if for some it was just a way of keeping score. Once upon a time I'd been as competitive as any of them, but now other things just seemed more important to me.
As for Katherine, I wasn't bitter. Alicia turned out to be an upgrade. It still hurt that Katherine had picked Chad over me, but I was in a better place because she had. Chad might think he won some kind of competition between us, but I knew what he had, and what I had, and there was really no comparison. In the bedroom, Katherine spit, Alicia swallows. Alicia loves me, loves sex; loves my dick. She always wants it, often three times a day! With Katherine it was once/week if I was lucky. Katherine was blonde and pretty, but our home, even with two kids, seemed sterile. Now, with Alicia and our baby, the house is full of warmth and joy and laughter.
Even though overall I was in a reasonably good place, my old petty competitiveness did still come out a bit when I thought about how all the guys in my old gang must think of me.Iknew I wasn't a loser, and I knew thatshouldbe enough, but sometimes it just wasn't. The thought thattheymight see me as a loser, not just Katherine and Chad, but all of them, well that gnawed at me. And because it gnawed at me, it bothered Alicia too.
Alicia had met all my old friends and their wives before, a couple of times. The group generally tried to get together once a year. They could see she was gorgeous, and younger, but I could tell most of them also looked down on her, at least a little. She wasn't as polished, and not as well-educated as their wives, at least when it came to the sort of resume credentials that tend to impress a certain type. Alicia's tastes were not as refined, especially if money is your measure of refinement. Nobody said anything blatantly insulting of course, but in the little comments both Alicia and I got hints about how they felt.
Even more so than me with the guys, their wives made Alicia feel it too. Whereas us guys talked mostly about old times, the wives talked mostly about their new Teslas or Mercedes, private schools and European vacations, charity work, spa days, and brunch or wine tours with the girls. So Alicia had come to not really enjoy these get-togethers, but she did it for me. I had mixed emotions, but nevertheless I decided to go. We really had been good friends back in the day, or at least I thought we were. Sometimes I miss those days. Besides, if I didn't show, they'd all think that I had been afraid.
Before leaving the house for the two-hour drive to Rick's, as we got dressed, Alicia, wearing nothing but a bra and panties, tackled me for a quickie. With my legs off balance as I was putting on my pants she pushed me back onto the bed and pinned me down, her glorious tits spilling out of the top of her bra. I could feel the heat of her pussy through both her underwear and mine as she ground on me. My dick was hard in no time.
"We better make this fast. We don't have much time," she said.
Her bra flew off and I sat up to bury my face between those gorgeous mounds. Then I stood up, grabbing her delectable ass and lifting her off the bed only to turn around and dump her back on it as my hands gripped and pulled off her panties. I kicked off my pants, removed my shorts, and spun her around to bend her over the bed. I sank my dick into her sopping pussy, slowly at first, and then, grabbing her hips, I started to thrust.
Alicia usually heats up pretty fast, and doggie is her favorite position. It wasn't long before she was feeling it pretty good. She's a bit of a screamer too, so there was no mistaking it. I love how she screams. Katherine had always been quiet. You barely even knew she was enjoying it until she squirted or you could feel her shake through her orgasm. With Alicia, you know it's coming before she gets there. But on this day, we got the downside of her vocality. Alicia's screams woke up the baby. I'd been planning to save it up and ride her for two, but I didn't get there before the baby's screams took over both our brains and demanded attention.
"Sorry Mark, I'm gonna have to owe you one," she told me. Was I disappointed, sure, but it was OK. I knew she was good for it. I had no idea...
We left the baby with her mom and headed out to the party. On the drive up, Alicia confessed how some of the wives had made her feel during previous parties, a lot of which was new to me. She'd tried to put up a brave front for me, but it was becoming more difficult for her to endure their remarks. Evidently they had said stuff about me too.
Alicia imitated all their voices:
"We all thought Mark would be a Circuit Court Judge by now, or maybe a Federal Prosecutor."
"Mark used to be so sharp, I can't see why he's wasting his talents out there."
"Aren't you bored in that little town? I'd go insane without my (season tickets to the symphony / workouts at the club / lunches at the latest trendy restaurant)."
"You're so lucky to have that natural color, Alicia. I'm as pale as a ghost."
"Our (insert pretentiously named child here) is doing so well at (Chinese immersion program / Robotics camp / mathlete competition). What kind of enrichment opportunities do you have out in Eden's Prairie?"
Alicia laughed. I laughed too. Bunch of pretentious phonies! I was beginning to wonder what I ever felt I had in common with those people.
Rick's house was nice, of course. I suppose you'd call it a McMansion. To the left of the ornate entryway there was a dining area, while to the right there was a large open living area with casual seating, sofas and small tables where the party guests all congregated with cocktails before dinner.
Dinner was nice enough. Chad and Katherine weren't too annoying. I noticed she had upgraded her ring, even though she'd only been married to him for about 3 years. I'm not a reliable judge of such things, but it was huge, maybe as much as 2 carats, certainly much larger than the 1 carat diamond I had bought her way back when it had cost me 3 months salary to get it for her. I wondered if Chad had bought it for her because he fucked up, or if she had simply told him she wanted an upgrade to make sure hers was bigger than any of their friends'. Either possibility seemed equally likely. I had given Alicia a 1 carat ring too. She told me she didn't want one any bigger. She thought the really big ones looked gaudy, and just got in the way if you tried to do anything with your hands. She really meant it, too.
After dinner we had more cocktails. All evening I'd been listening to the conversations my old friends had with me and comparing them to the hilarious imitations Alicia had done of the wives' bragging and subtle status games. Whenever talk had veered away from old times I noticed my conversations were much the same.
"Mark, you wouldn't believe the acceleration on that Tesla! You've really gotta try it!"
"The air conditioner runs off the battery when the car is parked? I can leave my dog in the car while I go into stores and he's perfectly fine!"
"I finally got to play Pebble Beach this spring. The greens! The setting! Spectacular!"
"I tell ya old man, it's not too late. We need a guy in Litigation. Pay's not too great-only about 180-but I'm sure you could work your way up. If you ever get tired of the hayseed life, give me a call!"
It occurred to me that every conversation I had with my old friends was like this now. In fact, I realized it had been like that for quite some time. I was more than a little relieved when Alicia caught my eye from across the room. Her clothes and jewelry may not have been as expensive, but she looked classier than all those other women, and prettier even than Troy's brand new 25-year-old trophy wife (his 3rd). Those other women needed the clothes and the makeup and the jewelry to make them feel beautiful. Alicia was beautiful. She radiated it from the inside. She raised her eyebrows at me, and then with only her eyes, pointed toward the bathroom. She started walking in that direction. I followed to meet her there.
The bathroom was just off the main area, about 10 ft. down a hall. She went in first, and then turned and beckoned me, with her finger, to come in with her. At first, I'd thought maybe she just wanted me to guard the door, but the look in her eyes was unmistakable.
"Lock it," she said.
I did as she asked. As I turned back toward her she reached out each arm and grabbed me around the shoulders.
"Remember I told you I owed you? How would you like to collect?"
"Here? Now?" This really wasn't like typical Alicia.
"Right here. Right now." Those big brown eyes of hers were zeroed in on mine. That look came from someplace deep!
"Aren't you worried someone might have seen us go in here together? Aren't you worried someone might hear us?"
"No. Iwantthem to hear us."
"You want them to hear us?"
"Mmm hmm. Have you got a problem with that?"
Who was this woman!? My Alicia had always been very proper, not in an uptight way, just old-fashioned. She liked sex, sure, but she had always been private about it. Clearly, something had gotten into her. I wasn't sure what it was but the look in her eyes was so exciting. It was raw. It was wild. It was primal. She drew me in with her. I trusted her implicitly. I loved her completely, unreservedly. If she was willing to take this ride, I was going to be there with her, every step of the way.
"Nope," I answered her. In my mind, I was picturing the shocked reactions of everyone at the party as they first thought they heard some noise coming from the bathroom, then listened closer, suspected, and had their suspicions confirmed.
Alicia kissed me. Her eyes had shown it and now her lips confirmed: she was on fire! I fed off her energy. She was stepping so far out of her comfort zone, it was thrilling! We sensed it in each other and it just drove us to a place we'd never been before, revealing our sexual side to others. Alicia slipped off her red lace panties and hung them on the light over the sink. I reached under her skirt to cup her vulva with my hand, then wiggled it there. She inhaled sharply with my touch. She was hot and dripping.
Alicia bent over at the waist and grabbed the doorknob with both hands. Her head was below her hands and her forearms rested against the door. She looked back at me and smiled seductively as I let down my pants, lifted her dress, and assumed the position behind her. She'd worn just the right heels to get me at just the right angle. I lined up, pushed in, and slowly began to fuck that sweet pussy. It was my favorite place to be. I bent over to squeeze her breasts and tweak her nipples. They felt like they were almost popping through her bra and dress.
Her forearms on the door kept her well-braced so there was no need for me to hold back. I started to pound into her. The hollow door began to make a thumping noise with each thrust.
"That's it, baby...that's it baby. Do me harder," Alicia breathed, forcing the words out in between my steady thrusts. I drove it in harder, and faster. She started to knock her head against the door and had to bring her forearms closer together to protect it. There was no doubt that anyone outside would hear that steady dull knocking. I wondered what they were doing out there. Was anyone coming closer? Were they straining to hear? Had all the conversation stopped?
"C'mon Babe, let's give 'em a show." I said, as I heard the first of Alicia's familiar small screams.
"Ah...ah...ah...ah" steady like a metronome she called it out as they got louder and louder, and then a little more rapid now as she started to lose control. I knew it wouldn't be long now. Then somehow she managed to get the words out, "Don't cum," she said. She read me pretty well, as I was having thoughts of doing just that right about that time, but I have pretty good self-control and thought I could hold out a little longer. Soon her breath caught and she let out a sudden piercing shriek. I felt her pussy clamp down on my cock and her whole body began to shake. I held her hips with my hands and stopped thrusting, afraid her legs might collapse as I felt her start to go limp.
When she'd recovered her senses she stood up to pull me out of her, then she turned around and knelt in front of me. She grabbed my still rock hard cock and looked up at me with those big brown eyes and pleaded, "Now baby, I want your cum. I want your cum all over my fuckin' face! Can you do that for me baby, can you shoot your cum all over my face?"
Alicia had never asked me for it like that before, with crazy lust in her eyes. She always swallowed. We both liked it better that way, but something about the raw passion of this crazy evening made a facial seem appropriate. Just the thought of her pretty face with my cum dripping off it was incredibly hot. It was like those words went straight to my dick. I was about ready to lose it.
"Oh yeah baby, Oh yeah...I'm close."
Alicia stuck out her tongue and wiggled it back and forth over my frenulum as she stroked my cock with her right hand and cupped my balls with her left. I felt it building. Our little interrupted quickie earlier that day had primed the pump pretty well. She was so fucking hot! And then I lost it. She knew it was coming and she quickly closed her mouth just as the first stream jetted out onto the top of her forehead and into her hair. Her hand continued to pump me and she rubbed the head of my cock all over her face as cum surged out to cover her cheek, part of her nose, her upper lip, and the other cheek. My cum was all over her face, in trails and white globs, slightly shining in the light. The white of her teeth was accented by the white of my cum. She was the most beautiful thing I'd ever seen. I was completely awestruck by how beautiful she was.
All I could say was, "Oh my god, Alicia!" as I drank in her stunning beauty.
Then she stood up, and I thought she was going to go over to the sink to clean herself off, but she had other ideas. She looked at me, proud, defiant.
"I want those bitches to see what a real man can do when he has a real woman who knows how to lovehim, and not just love his money. Let's show 'em baby. Get dressed. It's time to go."
As I pulled my pants up and zipped, Alicia looked in the mirror and made a couple adjustments, saving a couple white globs that were ready to drip onto her black dress, and pushing them back up so they would stay on her face. She licked her fingers and reached for the doorknob.
"Wait, your panties!" I reminded her.
"Leave them," she said, as she turned the knob and stepped out into the hallway, with me right behind her.
Out in the hallway, the first thing I noticed was that the music was still playing, but I couldn't hear anybody talking. The song was appropriate though, Roy Orbison'sPretty Woman. It seemed like everything started to move in slow motion as I took it all in.
"I'm your woman, Mark, and I'm proud to be your woman," Alicia whispered in my ear as she grabbed me by the arm. Nobody was standing too close to us. They were all still in the larger room as we walked out of the hall toward them. All eyes in the room were glued on us, though, and then gradually I noticed that all eyes were turning specifically to Alicia. She was wearing the most beguiling smile, totally unashamed. I noticed that Alicia's nipples were so hard you could clearly see the points through her dress. I heard a few murmurs, female voices.
"Is that...on her face...Oh My God," that kind of thing.
My eyes happened to catch Chad and Katherine. I thought I could see Chad's dick building a tent in his pants as Katherine just stared with her mouth open, totally struck dumb. I'm sure my face had just about the biggest shit-eating grin you could imagine. I was so in love with my wonderful wife! Chad, you fucker, you and I both know Katherine would NEVER do that for you!
We walked over to our hosts, Rick and his wife, Sherry.
"Thank you so much for inviting us. We had a wonderful evening. I'm so glad we could come," Alicia said, just as natural and perfectly polite as you please, and then she bit her lip to almost suppress a smile at the line she'd just delivered.
We kept on walking, straight for the front door. As we reached it, I turned."Goodnight everybody!" I said loud enough for everyone to hear, and with that, we were out the door. We both began giggling like naughty children as we walked down the driveway to our car.
.
"Cum on your face can feel kind of cold on a chilly night," Alicia laughed as she looked at me. I stopped then and there to kiss her. "Now you've got it too." She laughed again as she brought up a finger to wipe it off me. Her eyes were so alive! She licked her finger. "Mmmm. Cumsicle!" She smiled and laughed again. I had never been more in love with her than I was at that moment.
On the ride back home we laughed at how daring we'd been, at what had possessed us to do such a crazy thing. We wondered what everybody was thinking back at Rick's. Were they talking about it too, or was it just too shocking? Did the party break up? For sure it couldn't continue as normal.
"Every one of those men was jealous because they don't have a woman like you," I told her.
"They know their wives don't love them enough to ever do that," she replied. "And the wives all know it too. They know they don't have a man they love enough to not care about themselves."
"Thank you, babe. I love you so much! That was really fun!"
"You're more than welcome, Mark. I love you more than you can ever know."
I drove on for a bit, then said, "You know, a couple of those guys might even try to give their wives a facial tonight too, and if so, that's even better because then they'll be faced with how their wives just don't measure up. They're not half as beautiful as you. And their wives would just be doing it to humor them. They don't really want it. They don't enjoy it. You did enjoy it, didn't you?"
"Yes I did, not just your warm sticky cum all over my face, although thatwasfun, but their dumbstruck reactions too. I think that was the best part. Just shutting all of them the fuck up!"
"Leaving the panties was a nice touch, too."
"Thank you. I like to think about Sherry finding those. Stuck up bitch!"
"Ha! So that reminds me, if your pussy is getting cold spending all that time uncovered, I'd be happy to warm it up when we get home." I love eating Alicia's pussy. She knows I do, and she loves it too.
"You better! I'm still pretty horny, if you want to know the truth."
"Mmmmm. I like the sound of that!"
"Mmmmmhmmm." We drove on for a little while in silence.
"Do you think any of them will ever invite us back?" I asked.
"I don't know. They're your friends. What do you think?"
"I don't know. I really don't know. I feel like the guys probably would, but their wives probably wouldn't let them."
"Would you even want to go back? Do you want to be invited next year?"
"I don't care. I honestly don't care. Fuck 'em all. They're not my real friends anyway. I'm not sure they ever were. My real friends are back in Eden's Prairie."
"I'm glad you know that now."
"Thanks to you I do. You know you're the best thing that ever happened to me, Alicia."
"Awww. That works both ways, Mark."
"Besides, it's pretty hard to top that exit we just gave 'em."
"I sure don't know what we could do!" She laughed.
"I'm really glad Chad and Katherine were there to see it too."
"You know what they say, 'Revenge is a dish best served warm and sticky.'"
We both laughed and laughed.
**************************
I've thought about it since that night, and even though I never would have imagined Alicia would do anything like what she did at Rick and Sherry's, I wonder... is there more to this new, kinky side of Alicia? Would she ever want to put herself on display like that again? I'm still not sure, but I do know this: neither of us has one single regret.