It had been three weeks since my wife's greatest sexual experience, when five different Black guys fed her cocks the size of which she never thought possible or that she would have the capability to accept such weapons inside her. We had enjoyed many nights since the event, watching the video I shot of my cheating slut wife worshipping the black cocks. Brandi excitedly relived the sensations of the huge black cocks, slipping and sliding in and out of all her holes. My cameraman skills did not do the video justice as I was so sexually excited, my hands were shaking during some of the fucking. This was emphasised even more so if they were verbally insulting her, calling her a slut or a whore, something we both enjoyed immensely. We would watch the video with my wife wearing some of her slut outfits as I fucked her ass or pussy from behind, whilst she watched her pussy and ass being stretched by the huge hard black cocks, moaning loudly and repeating some of her phrases such as "Fuck me with that black cock!"
Last weekend to help her relive the moment, I bought her a ten inch black dildo, which she now sucks obscenely as I fuck her from behind while she watches her movie. She will lick and suck the black dildo and almost scream "Fuck me! Oh yes! Fuck my slut white pussy!" as I slam my cock into her. This always ended with me spunking all over her mouth and lips as the black dildo slid in and out of her lips, with Brandi licking the spunk off the dildo as if it was the black replica cock that had cum on her, something a few of the black cocks did to her that night.
Last night we had both just relived the moment with Brandi wearing a waist cinching Garter belt with seamed fishnet stockings attached and as a little added spice she kept her black high heeled shoes on. I was fucking her with everything I had as Brandi sucked the black dildo, dirty talking throughout. I was fucking her smooth hairless pussy as I came inside her at exactly the same time as one of the black cocks emptied his huge balls in her ass on the screen. She unplugged my spent cock and replaced it with her large black sex toy, pushing the whole length deep inside her as she began to moan.
"Please come inside my white unfaithful pussy with your manly black seed!" I watched open mouthed as she fantasised about the black cock spunking inside her, as she slid the black dildo in and out of her cum drenched pussy. When her orgasm had waned she took the cum coated cock from her cunt and began to lick the black dildo clean. Her lips, tongue and teeth were worshipping the black dildo. If this had been a real cock the guy would have no chance and would have remained erect throughout, so sensual and erotic was the lavish display and attention she was giving to the substitute cock. With her lips slowly sliding up and down the shaft, she removed the now cum free dildo and looked over to me smiling.
"I think I need to be fucked by black cocks again!" She smiled looking deep into my eyes. You could see the burning desire in her own eyes, even after such an intense orgasm she was craving the black cocks. For full sexual satisfaction she would obviously require the attention of some black cocks fucking her frantically.
"I've still got the card if you want to give them a ring?" I smiled back approvingly.
"Hell yes! Honey that would be awesome, but this time I'd like to fuck them without you there if that's possible?" She said softly.
We had never fucked without the other being present and this was quite a shocker to me. My wife wanted to fuck these guys and keep it all to herself. This felt like she was actually being unfaithful, a sensation that was new to me but somehow was teasingly erotic. I actually needed this as much as she did, after witnessing her display with the black dildo and I needed a compromise to the situation.
"How about they come round here and fuck you in the marital bed? That would be very naughty and unfaithful" I suggested watching her face flush with excitement "I can set up cameras and we can record the whole event." I smiled.
"The reason I don't want you there is because I felt the guys held back a little. I want to be fucked and treat like a dirty filthy cheating slut. I want to be their slut. I want them to take my pussy and ass anyway they want! And I want them to fuck me all night long!" She explained, her face still flushed with sexual excitement.
"I tell you what. I'll stay in a hotel for the night, but I'll set the bedroom up with lots of video cameras with audio. It will record everything and if you feel it would be better without me here, then call them arrange a meet and tell them I'm away on a business trip for the night, then they will treat you like a dirty cheating white whore who worships black cock!" I grinned "They'll probably delight knowing they're fucking a cheating white slut in her husbands bed. I'm sure they'll be very vocal regarding that!"
Brandi flung her arms around me and kissed me passionately.
"I love you so much!" She whispered as she rubbed my growing cock.
"Ring them now and me and the black dildo will fuck your pussy and ass as you talk to the guys to arrange it!" I suggested as Brandi smiled a wicked smile.
"I want to let them fuck me on Friday so you have three days to get the bedroom all kitted out with cameras!" She smiled as she picked up her phone.
As she dialled the number I slid my cock in her pussy then slowly fed the black dildo into her stretched asshole. Her pussy was undulating as the black dildo stretched her ass. I could feel the black dildo sliding in and out of her ass, through the thin layer of flesh between her ass and pussy. She was panting as the phone answered.
"Hi it's Brandi here. Do you and some of the guys want to come over to my house on Friday and fuck me all night long?' She asked, her voice quivering, a little with nerves and a little with sexual excitement.
I couldn't hear the reply but Brandi giggled.
"Of course you can fuck my ass! I thought that was obvious after the last time!"
Again the response was out of my hearing range. Brandi giggled once more as her free hand moved down to her clitoris.
"Yes I'm stroking my pussy now!" She giggled as her fingers slowly stroked her clit.
An audible moan of serious pleasure left her mouth as she listened intently.
"I've got a black dislocated in my ass!" She giggled "No a real black cock feels so much better!" Her sexual flirting was working on me as beads of sweat were forming on my brow.
"Fuck yeah I loved having you and your fuck me Yani. How many of you will be coming over?" She asked inquisitively.
"Just the two of you!" She said sounding a little disappointed.
Her smile and giggled returned when she heard the response.
"Two or three more will come over when the club is closed!" She moaned a sexual moan, which Yani must have picked up on.
"Yeah that's no problem at all as my husband will be away all weekend, so my ass and pussy belong to you guys. I told you, I'm your slut now!" She said as she turned her head toward me, looking in me in the eye with a very serious look on her face.
Her response and her demeanour were too much for me as I shot quite possibly the biggest load of spunk I've ever sprayed inside her. Brandi continued her conversation looking me directly in the eye.
"Sounds good to me, you guys fuck me here on the Friday then pimp me out as your whore on the Saturday at the club!" She said grinning at me as she agreed to be their whore.
"I'll be here waiting for you guys at 7:30 on Friday night. I'll text you the address and you can text me back with what you'd like your whore to wear for you when you guys fuck me!"
With that she hung up the phone, grabbed the black dildo and began fucking her ass with it and staring at me, whispering continuously "Fuck my black cock whore ass!" As her orgasm began she increased the speed of her hand, pushing the black dildo in and out of her ass with such relish. My spunk was dribbling out of her gaping pussy as she scooped up a handful and began to lick her fingers.
"I wonder how much black spunk I will lick up on Friday and Saturday when I'm a cheating white wife whore for some real cocks!" She knelt up with the dildo sticking out of her ass, moved her mouth close to mine, close enough to smell my cum and her pussy on her breath, flicked her tongue out like a sex crazed slut, then laughed in my face.