Hello. My name is Lisa and I am nineteen years old.
I love to skinny dip when I'm at the beach. I swim far enough out so that I'm covered by the water all the way up to my neck. Then I carefully take off my bathing suit. There are so many people on the beach, but they can't see what I'm doing.
I love the feeling of freedom that I get when I'm swimming nude. It just feels so natural. At the same time, I also know that there is a very real possibility that someone might see me and that makes me very excited. Except for the water, I am totally exposed and vulnerable.
My only regret is that I must hold onto my bathing suit with one hand and that makes it difficult for me to swim. I wish I could go without the suit entirely, but I can't do that here. I have to be careful that I am not distracted and accidentally lose my grip. That would be awful! I don't know what I would do if that were to happen! LOL.
I look around and see that there is no one nearby, so I decide to float on my back with the entire front of my body just above the surface. I keep my arms out at an angle and paddle my feet to keep myself afloat. The water is calm so it's easy to stay the way I am.
The sun feels so nice. I close my eyes, oblivious to everything else, and enjoy the moment. I am sunbathing nude. It's so peaceful and relaxing.
It is a sharp contrast to feel the cool water and the hot sun at the same time. I can also feel the gentle breeze caressing my body from my head to my toes. I imagine that some handsome stranger swims up to me and is licking and sucking on my pussy, getting me hotter and hotter. I cautiously look around again to make sure that no one has gotten too close and then I gently masturbate myself with my fingers. It feels so good! I continue to excite myself for a few minutes, trying to be discreet in case someone might see.
I nervously look around again. I don't think anyone has seen me. That wouldn't be too good.
I stop sunbathing and begin to swim closer to the shore. It is much more crowded now and there are swimmers all around me.
Finally, it's time to get out of the water. The water is now shallow enough that I am able to stand and discreetly slip my one-piece bathing suit over my legs and pull it all the way up. I slip the straps back over my shoulders. There! I am decent again.
Although I like to skinny dip at the public beach, what I really love to do is to lie on the sand completely nude. Fortunately, there is a beach nearby that is secluded enough for me to take my clothes off without too much danger of getting arrested.
I usually walk along the beach until I find the perfect spot where I can see clearly quite a distance to my right and left. I lay down on my towel and take off all my clothes. I still have to be vigilant in case someone walks by, especially if they were to come up from the path behind the dunes. I try to be careful because I never know who might see me. I've heard stories about single girls being molested and I wouldn't want that to happen to me.
One time I went to the beach with my two girlfriends, Tina and Becky.
As soon as we laid our towels on the sand I took off all my clothes.
Tina said, "Aren't you afraid someone will see you?"
I replied, "No. It's fun. Besides, there's no one here except us."
The girls really didn't say too much. I think they're used to my craziness. I was hoping that they would go nude like me, but they chose to wear their bathing suits instead. Oh well, too bad for them. It seems silly to me to wear a bathing suit when there aren't any boys around.
"Let's go swimming."
"Okay."
The three of us ran into the water. We were like three little kids without a care in the world. We splashed each other and jumped in the waves.
By the time we got out of the water, I was so exhausted that I collapsed onto my towel. Tina laid down to my left and Becky laid down to my right. It felt strange but nice to be sunbathing completely nude while my girlfriends were clothed. I felt so safe and protected with them guarding me on either side.
We talked about a number of things including school, our families, our plans for the future and, of course, boys. We had brought some cold drinks with us and we sipped on them as we talked.
After a while, we decided to take a break from talking. I closed my eyes and began to doze off when Becky suddenly alerted me that someone was coming!
"You had better get dressed!"
"Who is it?"
"I don't know. It's some guy."
"Are you sure?"
"Yes!"
I quickly threw on my bathing suit. It was my skimpiest skimpy bikini. At least now I was decent.
The stranger was getting closer. It was a young man, probably around nineteen years old, with straight black hair, wearing swim trunks. I could tell that he had spotted us lying on our towels. I wondered, will he stop or keep on walking?
The young man walked right up to us and said, "Hi girls."
He stood there talking with us for a few minutes. I don't remember exactly what he said. I think it was mostly about how nice a day it was.
The next thing I knew, he asked, "It is okay if I join you?"
"Sure. Okay."
He laid his towel on the sand and sat down in front of us.
I didn't mind him sitting down as he seemed nice but I also wanted to sunbathe nude and I wouldn't be able to as long as he was there.
So, we're talking with the boy. I let my two friends do most of the talking while I just listened.
Before I knew it, a half an hour had gone by and there was no sign that he would be leaving. All the while, I was debating whether I should take off my bathing suit again. I reasoned that I was laying out nude before this boy arrived so why shouldn't I now? Just because he was there, didn't mean that I should stop doing what I wanted to. So what if he would see me? He didn't even know who I was.
I would not have even considered taking my bathing suit off if my girlfriends weren't there with me. I reasoned that there would be no way that this stranger would be able to take advantage of me while they were there and that I would be safe. I'm not completely crazy, you know!
I just thought I would have some innocent fun. Is that so terrible? It wouldn't be as if we were having sex or anything.
I finally got up enough nerve to say something.
"If you guys don't mind, I'm going to take off my bathing suit and sunbathe nude."
Suddenly, my heart was beating so rapidly that it felt like it was going to come out of my chest. My face was flushed and my hands were shaky too. I thought I was going to chicken out. Maybe I shouldn't do this after all.
You should have seen the look on the boy's face. He just sat there on his towel, dumbfounded with his mouth open, trying not to stare at my bikini clad body with his X-ray eyes.
Tina exclaimed, "Are you crazy? You don't even know this boy!"
Recovering slightly, the boy managed to stammer, "I don't mind. Go ahead.", but he didn't say anything after that, waiting to see whether I was really going to take off my bikini.
I replied, "I just want to lay out naked. That's all. What harm is that?"
Becky didn't say anything but looked at me incredulously like she couldn't believe that I was about to bare myself in front of a complete stranger.
By this point it didn't matter as I had made up my mind.
Facing toward the boy, I untied the strings from behind my back and neck and pulled my bikini top off. Then I bent forward so as to lay the top down on my towel, dangling my naked breasts in front of him and giving him a really nice view. I could tell that he was trying not to stare, but he couldn't help doing so.
I still had my bikini bottom on, but not for long. I slowly wiggled it down my legs and took it off too.
Now I was completely nude. The boy could see everything!
I laid back down on my towel to continue my sunbathing.
I just acted nonchalant as if this was absolutely normal. I was sunbathing "au naturale".
The four of us spent another while just talking about everything and anything. I felt like a sun goddess. It felt so strange to be the only one nude. I felt really exposed knowing that my girlfriends and the boy all had their bathing suits on while I didn't. I just acted as if it was absolutely normal to be sunbathing completely bare.
The boy, trying to make small talk, asked, "So, how often do you come to this beach?"
I replied, "Whenever I can convince my girlfriends to come with me. I also go to the county beach but I have to wear a bathing suit there."
Finally, my girlfriends and I took a break from all the talking. We laid back on our towels and closed our eyes.
It wasn't long after that when the boy asked, "Would it be okay if I take off my bathing suit too?"
Of course, this wasn't completely unexpected, but the girls looked shocked anyway. I guess they figured that just because I was nude didn't make it alright for the boy to be nude too. I didn't feel that way at all.
I replied, "Sure. Go ahead."
So, he slipped off his bathing suit and placed it at the foot of his towel. He then laid down on his back to enjoy the sun.
The funny thing is that, as soon as he took his bathing suit off, he got this big erection. I mean, it was right away!.
I thought maybe he would turn onto his stomach to hide himself, but he just stayed the way he was, laying on his back with his cock sticking up in the air. I guess he could pretend that he believed that we were lying on our backs with our eyes closed and weren't really looking at him but, of course, he knew that we would see him.
My girlfriends and I didn't say anything.
Eventually, his erection subsided.
The four of us continued to soak up the sun for a while and then we went swimming. That was fun and it cooled us off.
When we got back to our towels, I couldn't help noticing that the boy's cock, so big a few minutes ago, was now small and shriveled from the cold water.
Becky asked, "So, you don't have a girlfriend?"
"No. I did but she broke up with me."
"How long were you going together?"
"For about a year."
"That's too bad."
All the while, I could tell that he was getting horny. For one thing, the way that I was sitting facing him, he had a really nice view. He could see my little feet and my legs and inner thighs. He could also see my belly and my tits. And, of course, he could see my naked pussy. He was trying not to stare at me and to maintain eye contact, but it was no use. Suddenly his cock twitched and within an instant he got another erection. It just stood up in the air like a flagpole!
I started to giggle. I don't know why I reacted like that, I just did.
Embarrassed and red faced, he immediately started to apologize.
"Sorry. I don't mean to offend you."
I said, "It's okay. I understand that boys don't have much control."
He started to turn onto his stomach.
I said, "You don't need to turn over. I think you have a really nice cock!"
My girlfriends couldn't believe it when I said that. They must have thought that I was really crazy.
He didn't say anything.
I asked the boy, "Is it okay if I touch him?"
"Yes. Okay."
I moved closer and put my hand around his cock.
"He feels so hot. You know, if you're going to lay out like this, you really should put some sun block on him. It would be a shame for him to get burned."
We all just laughed.
I began to gently massage his cock and balls.
"Does this feel good?"
"Yes!"
The boy was in ecstasy. He was no longer embarrassed, that's for sure. He was so horny. I knew that it wouldn't take much for me to make him cum. I thought about letting him fuck me because I was horny too, but I couldn't allow that to happen. After all, I had just met this guy. Besides, I wouldn't do that in front of my girlfriends.
"Just lay back and let me please you."
I let him feel my breasts while I massaged him, but when he wanted to feel my pussy, I stopped him. No doubt he wanted to fuck me.
Becky and Tina were watching it all.
I continued to stroke his cock faster and faster until, suddenly, he ejaculated, squirting cum all over my hand and thigh. The whole thing only lasted a few minutes.
The girls had obviously enjoyed the show. They were intently staring at his cock as it was rapidly shrinking.
Tina giggled and said to him, "I can't believe how excited you got!"
I gave him my phone number.
Later on, he took me to his apartment and we fucked.
A couple of times after that he and I went to that same beach with my girlfriends, Becky and Tina. I think the girls liked having him along and were not bothered in any way. He and I would get nude but the girls would keep their swimsuits on. They are such prudes!
I'll need to tell you more about what happened later.