"Bye Mom. See you when you get home."
Dakota McKellen was on her way downstairs to join her sister Sable and her unofficial boyfriend Travis Pervert Herbert. Her Father Henry was in the kitchen boiling hot dogs and mac & cheese, a favorite dinner of choice for the girls growing up. While watching their weight that was the one battle of carbs they couldn't resist. Of late there was a lot of other things the girls could not resist, namely growing up. Their birthdays in under two weeks they were screaming to be taken seriously as adults in every way. Including the need to know what sex and the human emotion really had to offer. Both girls still virgins were teetering ever closer to the idea that those days might be ready to be put to bed. Literally!
Wearing a high cut grey tank top with no bra and baggy powder blue drawstring cotton shorts also scissor cut high on her hips Dakota ended her call from her Mother halfway down the flight of stairs and looked out over the living room. On their 65' TV her sister Sable was watching Disney's Beauty and the Beast, the animated version. Sitting hip to hip with Travis the two giggled amongst each others company more than watching Belle sing. While Dakota herself had no fancy for nerd boys like Travis, especially perverted ones she did find them cute together.
Sable herself although a dead ringer for Dakota in every way save for wearing braces, did have a different personality. Dakota much more organized in what to say to people without blushing, and more flirty, left Sable behind when it came to boys and ofttimes older people. Sable was shy to a degree, smarter than Dakota, and awkward in a lot of ways. Yet, the two navigated life bouncing off one another as most twins do, thinking and reading each others thoughts often made for a rash of giggles.
Setting foot on the living room floor Dakota moved to the back of the sofa and leaned over the two giddy occupants her right foot pumping up and down on the carpet until Sable looked up and noticed her. Smiling at her sister Dakota rolled her eyes and put a finger to her mouth as if gagging then sneering at Travis. Sable in turn pouted and asked, "What do you want?"
"Come back here a second I need to talk to you."
"Awww!" She frowned having to leave her couch potato skin friend to join her sister. When getting up Sable quickly took a couch cushion and placed it over the lap of Travis who boasted a hard on from sitting so close to his girl...friend. She knew it and wanted that darn thing hidden from her sister. Her view nobody else. Shuffling around the couch Travis followed her with his eyes, her dress skirt wrinkled up in back from sitting rode gently higher than it should. He loved the horizon, especially now that she had gotten bolder and took her panties off. It took him awhile to realize it but she did dare to give him hints. Happy camper the couch potato was.
"What's up?"
Dakota pulled her aside further then whispered, "Mom called. She got my panties back from Corey. She knew somehow. Let's not tell Daddy too much I don't want him to scold me. Promise me you won't run your mouth?"
"I won't say anything more than I already have."
"I did tell Daddy something you don't know."
"What? Is it juicy?" Sable grew bubbly.
"Angus...kissed me today by my locker. Robin even saw it and..." She fidgeted deciding if she should tell her the rest of the story. If she did her sister might freak out. Bad enough she had seen her topless by accident before the kiss ever happened. Having to rescue Dakota with help once was okay, if she knew she might have had to a second time then she would be scared for her. She omitted the rest, "...didn't say a word." Her mouth was too busy kissing Dakota's nipple alongside Angus. She was wet just thinking about it all over again.
"He kissed you?" Sable's jaw lowered, "Did you suck?"
"Suck? Noooo! I didn't suck anything."
"No I meant were you any good at kissing? Why would you think I was asking if you...you didn't did you?"
"Noooo! Don't be rude. I'm not ready for that kind of thing. It's scary wondering if I'm a good kisser without knowing if I suck at everything else too."
"I can ask Travis if he would give us kissing lessons." She bit her nail with brightened eyes hoping Dakota would read her mind.
"Did you two kiss too?" Dakota bulged her own.
"Not yet. Should I let him?"
"Uh? Ew! All yours."
"I just don't want Daddy to catch us." Dakota knowing her Father was nervous as heck after kissing her she played coy.
"I'll run interference. Smooch away." Dakota twirled on the ball of her foot and wiggled away. Her Dad could be seen hovering over a stove stirring macaroni to keep it from sticking to the pan. Sable shivered and returned to the couch.
Stepping in front of Travis he reached up and pinched her left cheek, the part that was slightly visible. Chin lowering out of awe she flopped down next to him and sneered. Without looking at his lap she plucked up the cushion and took it away. She wanted to see his tented sweatpants. Being out of school a few days due to his harassment by fellow students it was all about leisure, no underwear did not mask his erection one bit. He was pretty stoked by his gift, what he thought was a good size. Far from it but as long as he was happy who cares right?
Shuffling into the kitchen Dakota snuck up behind her Father Henry and surrounded his back with her arms, "Dinner ready yet?" Her nipples taunting his back even with shirts between them he had to swallow. Knowing his co-worker Tessa was right about Dakota crushing on her dad seemed really wrong, yet for some reason he just couldn't tell her to back off.
"Not yet. Wanna grab some scissors and cut the cheese pouch? Gotta Velveeta it up."
"I can do that."
She released him and moved to his right for a pair of scissors amid their cutlery set. Henry slid the aluminum foil pouch across the counter toward her and she reached for it at the exact same time. Hands touching she trembled and smiled up at him. "Thank you Daddy." He smiled back and lifted his hand away.
Standing next to him she severed the entire top seal and started to turn to throw it away when it fluttered from her fingers to the floor. He noted it's jailbreak and turned intending to crouch and pick it up but she beat him to it. In their duel he faced her just as she looked up right at his crotch. There were two rival erections in the McKellen home at the moment. Eyes flaring at his tent she recalled her and Sable hiding in his closet and his real dick right in front of her face. This was nothing new but he had no idea of the first time.
"Sorry Punky."
"For what? I got...this." She didn't want to stand up but knew she needed to. Noting her behavior as part of his crush revelation he peered down at her tank tops cleavage. As she rose to her feet she bit her lower lip and flared her eyes at him then licked her fingers of gooey cheese build up from the seal. Sucking her fingertip almost seductively he had to turn away. She knew he was nervous but curious at the same time.
Stepping around him she walked the four feet to the trash can and feigned dropping it again. This time instead of kneeling she bent over to pick it up. Her tight thin shorts offered cameltoe. "Come here...you." She spoke to the elusive seal. Henry had to grit his teeth and focus on the stirring. With a colander waiting in the sink he tested the tenderness of the macaroni before pouring the noodles into the colander to drain the starch. Dakota being helpful after her trash run reached over Henry's arm to turn on the water to rinse the macaroni. In doing so her tit grazed across his forearm.
"Careful don't burn yourself on the pan."
"Panties? What panties?" She panicked thinking that he knew of Corey's thievery.
"I didn't say panties? What's wrong with you? I can see you're not wearing any again."
"You can?" She sucked in her tummy pressing her fingers into her abdomen to check herself out. "Don't make me go put any on Daddy."
"Never crossed my mind Miss Adult. I think you and I need to have a long talk about all this kissing and stuff. I'm...still uneasy about your requests."
"You don't have to teach me Daddy. I'll figure it out on my own. Even if Angus dumps me before I'm any good."
"Angus? Ah, yeah the boy at school. The kissing bandit."
"I was really red when he kissed me. Kids laughed."
"Kids can be cruel. Been there done that in my day. I was bullied until I put on some body mass." She looked right at his erection when he said mass. Lifting her chin he said, "You don't need to be so obvious Punky."
"I...can't help it Daddy. I...want Angus to know I can do anything. Be what he wants to keep."
"And, looking at my...plumper connects me to what Angus needs how?"
"Don't embarrass me Daddy." She smiled turning red, "I'm...just...learning."
"Get some plates. Soon as I mix in the cheese dinner's ready. Go ask Travis if he wants to eat with us I made extra dogs."
"He's the dog..." She giggles again gagging herself with an index finger, "...but okay." He frowned at her rude comment until he thought about it. Travis did have a serious case of puppy dog eyes for Sable.
Ten minutes prior to Henry's instruction toward Dakota, Sable and Travis were getting a little touchy feely on the sofa. With emotions bending curiosity, Travis made some moves he expected to be punished for. Hand on her leg lightly rubbing from knee upward over time. She watched their movie one second without acknowledging him then sheepishly grinning his way the next. Blushing inevitable for both of them she tried to rub his leg too but kept getting embarrassed enough to retreat.
Finally, Travis took her hand and put in on the upper thigh of his sweats, fingers mere inches from a high-rise erection. She flared her eyes then shot glances toward the kitchen to be certain she wasn't being watched. Temptation led her to hold her breath and reach over to pinch the crown of his dick between an index finger and her thumb, pulling away just as quickly.
"Woah!" Travis bulged his eyes at her sudden bravery. Looking over her toward Henry and Dakota for safety Travis opted to join her teasing by reaching over and cupping her right tit then shared in her blush. Fighting the giggles she took another chance and poked a nail against his balls just to see them move. The two crushes were crushing it.
After seeing one another nude already, if not by choice the thoughts were always in hiding. She liked Travis, he adored her, the rest was just getting over the shyness. Before Travis can decide upon his next temptation she stood up slyly looking at her Dad and sister with their backs turned to them. Taking his hand Sable quickly encouraged Travis to follow her upstairs. "Where are we going?" He whispered.
"My bedroom." She razzed him then took the lead silently taking one step at a time. At the top of the stairs they crept to her room and she ushered him in. Cautiously closing her door she led him to her bed and sat him down. "Just sit there."
She stepped back grinning cheesily at him, uncaring that he saw her braces and took her dress off. With only a bra on currently she removed it before his eyes and tossed it at him jokingly. You know Perbert Herbert, straight to his nose. Dancing in step for ten seconds she scurried to her dresser for a pair of shorts which she put on with her back to Travis. Bending forward to step into them her ass showed off it's beauty, pussy winking his direction. Before pulling them up she looked over her shoulder to see if he was watching. Of course he was.
Hand down the front of his sweats Travis was jerking off. Dropping her jaw at his necessity she recalled watching him the day at Piper's pool. Then when he was tied up naked in the gym. Seeing him jizz both times she was curious to witness it again. In a sense she wanted to know just how much he liked her. Leaving her shorts undone and droopy she used her finger to her lips and tiptoed to her bedroom door, easing it open to make sure her Father wasn't outside. Secure she shut it again and stepped toward her bed and sat beside him. "Let me see it."
"Whoa!" was all she could get out of him as before. He was in shock and eager at the same time. Lifting up he tugged his sweats down and let his penis bob in front of her. She flared her eyes toward it then took his hand back to it curling fingers.
"Do it for me."
"You do it for me." He laughed at the opportunity. Another shy grin she had to take another look out her door for safety reasons. Topless with her pink shorts hanging low she peeked out. Still no one. Latching her door she leans her back to it and lets her shorts drop to her ankles. Moving her fingers to her pussy she began rubbing her clit, which she was getting quite good at of late in the privacy of her bedroom. Shyness pushed away as best she could they watched each other closely. She was terrified if nothing else that her dad would walk up checking on them. With Travis knuckling his cock hard he wanted her closer. Patting the bed for her to sit with him she let her guard down and peeled her back from the door. One step away her door came flying open and colliding with Sable's backside.
"Dinner's...beddy..." Dakota barged in without knocking. Seeing Travis on her sister's bed jerking very close to cumming Dakota bulged her eyes then corrected herself, "...ready."
"Don't tell Daddy." Sable faced her sister in her nudity except for her shorts covering her feet.
"Holy Moley!" Dakota felt as if she walked in on the one thing she never ever expected. Truth was she had. "What are you two freaks doing?"
"Get in here." Sable tried to pull Dakota inside but it took effort to shut her door.
"I don't wanna see...him...do...that." Maybe she did. Hiding behind Sable they observed Travis destroying his cock with rapid friction. Unable to touch herself in front of Dakota, Sable just covered her chest with her forearms.
"Get dressed." Dakota informed her sister. "Daddy might come up." Cum up someone did. Snarling at the girls they froze in step and witnessed Travis shooting cum two feet into the air. Eying it's decent to her carpet the twin's dropped their jaw.
Sable mumbled in awe of his performance. "That was awesome."
"That was gross." Dakota winced behind her. Shoving Sable toward the bathroom connected to her room she made her stay in there while she got her clothes. Plucking up her pink shorts to hand them to Sable her sister changed her mind.
"Wait! Mini skirt bottom left drawer of my dresser. I want to be free."
"Free is the best." Travis laughed still jerking off aiming for a second round with Dakota there as inspiration. Hurrying to the dresser Dakota found the skirt and turned. Tripping over her own two feet she landed in front of Travis on her knees, hand on his leg by pure accident. Perfect timing the bedroom door opened up and Henry saw Dakota on her knees, Travis with his dick out pumping until he realized Henry was there. Panic striking home as it looked just as incriminating of what Travis and Sable endured at the gym, Henry growled.
"Am I interrupting something?" Henry seeing it was Dakota rolled his eyes, "What did I tell you earlier?" He recalled her joking about having Travis show her what a boy liked. "Go to your room." Dakota whimpered at her misfortune. "You! Put that thing away and go home."
"I-I'm sorry Sir." Travis felt miserable having to leave Sable.
"DAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDDYYYYYYY!" Sable howled from her bathroom, "I don't want him to go home." Henry ducking his head in further saw Sable herself hiding behind her bathroom door looking at him.
Sighing heavily Henry made certain Travis had his pecker put away grimacing at his tented sweats. "Go put ice on that thing. You're not eating with us if that thing looks dangerous."
"So I don't have to go home?" Travis pumped his fist realizing it was still wet with cum and rapidly placed it in his sweatpants pocket. "It wasn't..." He shut up fast after seeing Henry share anger with him. "I'll be borrowing your icemaker." He darted past Henry. Once he heard footsteps heading downstairs he stepped into Sable's room the rest of the way and closed the door.
"Get out here young lady." Henry snapped and went to sit on her bed. She knew by his demeanor what was coming. "NOW!" Cringing Sable stepped out totally nude but hiding her personal property from his locked gaze. Shaking she pouted, "Daddy?"
"Assume the position."
"You're going to spank me? Daddy I'm...nakie."
"ONE..." She knew the drill but hesitated. "TWO!"
"Daddy please don't spank me."
"TWO AND A HALF!"
Giving up Sable just dropped her arms to her side and closed in over his lap. It felt really awkward laying over him nude. Once her ass was in the air Henry reared his hand back and cracked down hard on her cheek. "Owwwwwwwwww!" Again, "Owwww Daddy." A third left his hand print. Once done he rubbed her bottom tenderly then realized how silly that was considering this was his daughter.
"Sit beside me." He guided her up and she sat next to him hip to hip. Putting his arm around her he hugged his youngest. "I know you're growing up...too damned fast. I expected this from your sister, but not you. Why did you bring Travis up here? Don't lie to me just be honest. No more spanks after today. I just needed to remind you right from..."
"Was it wrong Daddy?" She broke in cutting him off, "You and mom said we were adults and could make our own decisions."
"On clothing...of which you're wearing none." He swallowed eying the mini skirt next to him on the bed. "Here put this on. I'll close my eyes."
"You...don't have to." She was getting over her shyness rapidly, "I'm over it. I just want to be grown up Daddy."
"Letting Travis...do that for your sister?"
"What? For Dakota?"
"Trust me her ass is raw in five minutes." She stands up listening and steps into her mini skirt and zips it up in front of Henry. Walking back to her dresser for a tank top like her sister she covered her chest. No underwear period she returned to sit beside her Dad. Hugging his arm she sighed, "I like Travis Daddy. Please don't be mad at him."
"Why were you...naked in the bathroom?" He could see through her door and saw no clothing. Only her pink shorts and her prior dress on the carpet of her bedroom floor. Bra on the bed overlooked completely.
"Hiding. Dakota was bringing me the mini skirt. I..."
"You don't have to say any more. Go downstairs and eat supper. You have until he eats and the end of your Beauty & the Beast movie. He goes home afterwards. Hands...to..." He stops sighing, "Wash your hands."
"I'm sorry Daddy. I love you."
"Don't be sorry. I'm the one who should apologize. I shouldn't have spanked you in the nude."
"I'm not upset over it, or that." She points at his crotch. He had his own erection reaching for the sky. Growling at her he stood up and walked out. Before getting up herself Sable nibbled her nail, "Did I do that to Daddy?" Eyes trembling she jumped up giddy with the cheesiest of grins and scurried downstairs. Travis was waiting.
Watching Sable go downstairs Henry opened Dakota's bedroom door to find her sobbing. He had already concluded that what Dakota had appeared to be doing was accidental but Henry felt evil. Especially, after what Dakota was asking of him. He wanted her to feel as if she were being punished just for fun.
"SHORTS DOWN! ASSUME THE POSITION." He sat on her bed next to her. She looked up at him and melted at the thought not bothering to hide her expression. Climbing to her feet from sitting on the floor she stood in front of her Father's legs and wiggled down her shorts. Unafraid to let him see her nude from the navel down she crawled over his lap. She could feel his erection on her tummy. He eyed her soft complexion, so flawless and stunning as his eyes followed her curves and shallows, shades of timid shadow. With it growing darker outside her room was getting gloomy.
Just laying there over him she grew intensely wet between her thighs. The earlier kissing lesson was still raging her thoughts. Factoring in how her day at school went with Angus kissing her, Robin joining in, boys seeing her topless, her panties swiped. An awful lot had happened in the last 10 hours. With an expectation of a good hard paddling over her mistaken intentions toward Travis, Dakota stared toward her wall awaiting his impact.
"Are you...going to spank me?" She softly spoke.
"Nope!"
"Why am I in the position then?" She trembled heavily.
"I'm sorry I mistook what happened back there." His evil thoughts retreated as he changed his mind. The little Angel on his shoulder tickled his fancy with a winged feather. Instead of spanking her Henry placed his hand on her bare bottom and patted it. Once on each cheek then ran his palm up her spine under her tank top. She moaned almost a barren exhale at his tenderness. "A boy should worship this. Lesson number two. If the boy cares about you he should treat this body with respect."
"Does this...turn a boy on? Tenderness?" She was afraid to look at him, his hand caressing his knuckle from her shoulder blades down to the crest of her ass crack, ticklish she shivered.
"Of course it does. It should turn you both on."
"Daddy?" She whispered, her eyelids closing at his soft touch.
"Yep?"
"Does this...turn you on?"
"Probably more than it should. This isn't about me though now...is it?"
Eyes flaring at being put on the spot she sighs, "No, but...I was just curious. I want Angus to do what you're doing. It feels...nice. Like a soft breeze over my body."
"Want me to blow on you for effect?" He chuckled.
"If you want to."
Shrugging at not being serious he just lowered his chin and blew a cool draft over her ass. It rose up to greet his palm hovering softly over it. "I can feel you Daddy."
"My breath?"
"No...your...what's under me."
"Oh! Sorry about that."
"It feels strange."
"To have me show you what you wanted to know?"
"I have so many questions Daddy. If I were laying over Angus like this...would his...throb like yours is doing?"
"I'm throbbing?" He huffed his cheeks and held his breath, "Okay, enough lessons for one day. Get dressed and go eat your supper. It's probably cold."
"Can I...have more lessons tomorrow"
"We'll see. It's going to take me awhile to...get over how wrong this is."
"I don't think it's wrong. Is it wrong when Mom teaches students things?"
He shakes his head smirking, "Depends I guess on what she's teaching. I suppose Romeo did this exact same thing to Juliet."
"They were in love."
"True. Climb off before I decide to spank this beaut...ummm...your bottom."
"You think my butt is beautiful?"
"Runs in the family." He laughed, "We better check on Sable and Travis. God only knows if he's got his dick out again."
"I wasn't trying to help him Daddy."
"I realize that after talking to little Miss Stripper."
"Sable's getting a lot braver these days."
"You both are. Come on stop loitering on me and get up."
"I...like it here." She giggled.
"I'm trying hard not to like you laying there." He laughed again nervously. He forces her up and sits her on the bed next to him as he had Sable earlier. "Look at me Punky." She was, only at his erection not his face, "Up here." She pouted slightly but locked eyes on his. "I'm good showing you certain things but I'm telling you here and now. I AM NOT GOING ALL THE WAY. Do you understand me?"
"That's weird." She played it off as if she never intended him to go all the way. "Now that would be wrong."
"Exactly! I'm going to go change again before your Mother gets home."
"Why?"
"Come on my dick is sticking out like a tow truck hoist. Not only that..." He stood up in a hurry and masked himself from her. He had a wet spot on his sweats that was pretty easy to spot. He hadn't cum under her but he was prearranging it for certain. Too much on him he had to break away. Confused for a moment Dakota sat there until he left her room. Touching herself and feeling invigorated her wrist grew damp along her belly button. It was right where Henry's dick lay throbbing beneath her.
"Did Daddy?" Her jaw dropped and she flew back on to her bed kicking her legs in the air. The thrill of knowing she turned him on that much was overwhelming. Fingers fed her pussy as fervently as her virginity allowed for three minutes. She was satisfied...for now.
********
Left alone downstairs Sable and Travis were still being goofy while eating in the kitchen. Sable having rewound their movie and paused it to give them more time together. The longer the movie was the longer Travis could stay. Smart girl! Teasing Travis with a hot dog between her lips she moved it in and out seductively then busted up giggling, "I think that's how it's done."
"Wanna try the real thing?" He looks over his shoulder from the kitchen and pulls his sweats down again, his dick was still hard.
"Noooooo! Put that away before Daddy sees you again. I want you to stay not get thrown out the door."
"You like me I can tell." He wiggles his brows.
"Shush up!" She blushes, "Maybe a teeny bit." Taking her plate to the living room she watched him follow her with his dick still out. Awestruck by his relentlessness she found it hard to resist peeking back at him giving chase. Laughing she raced around the end of the couch and sat down. He nearly dropped his own plate of food trying to keep up. Once he sat down too they relaxed enough to take a few bites, flirting with their eyes the entire time. Love was in the air.
With no supervision Sable wanted to make her man's day, not her man really, not yet, but mischief was still spiking her adrenalin. Sitting her plate on the stand beside the sofa she threw her legs up on to the cushion and fanned her knees a few times offering him peeks at her pussy. Eyes darting between her thighs and the staircase he sets his own plate on the coffee table and lunges toward her.
"Eeeeeee!" She squealed then held her mouth as Travis took the biggest risk so far with Sable. He put his face right up her skirt and nuzzled her pussy. Not licking, just nuzzling, the tip of his nose did get wet. "Traaaaaaaaaavissssss!" She hissed kicking her feet toward his shoulder and laughing at the same time. Tempted to kiss her pussy his luck ran out. Behind them the front door opened and in walked Josie McKellen. Mom was home.
Jumping away from Sable in a hurry Travis sat up straight and waved, "Hi Mrs. McKellen." Sable lay there still stunned by his abrupt loss didn't close her legs as fast as she should have. Josie eying them suspiciously noticed her daughter's exposure. With a mysterious cushion in the boys lap Josie shook her head.
"Don't let your Father see how you two are acting." Josie motioned Sable to close her legs. Panic setting in her daughter whimpered.
"Am I in trouble?"
"I don't want any drama tonight. Long day." AND HOW!! "Just...I give up. I need a bubble bath." Turning away Josie went upstairs in her newly bought clothing, clothing bags in tow. She knew she reeked of ejaculation, only perfume warded off the pungent scent on her entire body. Tromping upstairs taking her heels off as she went she met Dakota coming out of her bedroom.
"You're home." She hugged her Mother then whispered, "Do you have my thong?"
"Aiiiii! About that! I...had them but I lost them somewhere. Your...friend Angus said he would look for them."
"OH MY GOD! Angus might have my...OH MY GOD!" Dakota giggled in step bobbing up and down. "I love you Mom."
"I love you too." Josie winced, "You like this boy that much?" She almost felt badly teasing the boy now, worse yet considering more.
"Yesssssss!"
"Please just take things slowly until you know what he's really like." Josie did...he was evil. Her kind of stud.
"I'm in no hurry. I need to learn so much about how to...you know...treat a man."
"Going there are we?"
"No. I just...don't want to look inexperienced."
"You are inexperienced dear."
"I know that. Will you...help me know how to...make Angus...like me more."
"Are you asking me to teach you about sex?" Josie bulged her eyes. "My girls are growing up waaaaay too fast." Dakota had heard that before, so had Sable. Maybe they were. It was time.
"Just what makes a boy...want a girl?"
"Sex." Josie frowned, "Can we discuss this over the weekend? I really need a hot bath. Where's your Father?"
"He went to change clothes. He...spilled something on his pants."
"Okay! Go keep your sister from being...just keep them company."
"On it." Dakota slipped past her Mom then caught a whiff of dried cum. Having never really caught wind of such a thing before she just shrugged it off and hurried downstairs. Josie went into her bedroom. Pausing to see Henry laying in bed jerking off she dropped her jaw.
"Couldn't wait for me?"
"I'll pencil you in." He continued jacking off using lube. Josie eying him decided to just strip naked and climb into bed with him, dried cum and all. Removing his hand she straddled his dick and slid down on it easily thanks to the lubrication. Riding him hard without kissing or even touching him she kept her hands in her hair. He merely laid back and let her do all the work. He could tell she was needy, with all of her adventures today she just couldn't resist more. Noticing her scent Henry rolled his eyes and blocked it out. He knew. Probably Roman. He would be wrong.
Downstairs Dakota stopped at the bottom of the stairs and looked around. "Where did you guys go?" She questioned in thought. Hearing a faint moan Dakota flared her eyes and tiptoed toward the sofa. Peeking over it he found Sable with Travis laying on top of her, her legs to each side of his hips. Travis was kissing her hard on the throat. Awestruck by Sable's insanity she remained quiet and just watched them. Travis had his sweats down a bit his butt crack visible. "Surely not." A tilting of her head Dakota knew he wasn't fucking her sister, even though his hips were gyrating. His tented erection was merely rolling across Sable's pussy sharing in an intimate friction without the real thing. "Yeesh! At this rate Sable might beat me in losing our virginity. So gross."
Walking to the kitchen she made a plate then heard her Mother screaming upstairs. She knew the wail well, her parents were having sex. Pouting at her being the only one without a partner she pushed her plate aside and laid her head in her arms over the island bar. More shrill sexual cries out of her Mother concluded that her Father was destroying her. Then it dawned on Dakota. Lifting her head up she expressed confusion. "Did I get Daddy...ready for Mom? Oh wow!"
Distracted a moment her cell on the island beside her vibrated. Figuring it was her best friend Andrea she unlocked her cell and found a pleasant surprise.
"I miss your throat."
"Angus?" Like a Cheshire Cat she had the cheesiest grin.
Let the texting begin.