Calico Nailed on the Roof
She was named Callie when she was born, but as her baby blonde hair grew out and was replaced by tri-color blonde, brunette, and red, her grandfather took to calling her Calico, and it stuck. Now, at 26, Calico kept her namesake hair cropped short in the back and around her ears, but long and full, on top.
+ - + - + - + - + -
Calico woke up wet.
"God damn fuck."
She was also very cold. For the past several days her area had been hit by summer thunderstorms that knocked down trees, broke power lines, in her case, tore several shingles off Granny-Aunt's roof. Of course, because of the storm, all the roofing repair contractors were either busy, or had left town. Calico and Granny-Aunt had spent the entire previous day, putting out every bucket, bowl or tea cup they could find; anything to catch the countless drips through the ceiling.
Now, it seemed, there was one directly over Calico's bed. Not a big drip, but it had evidently been going on all night as she slept. Her blankets were soaked and so was she.
Grumbling, she rolled out of bed and stood shivering in just her favorite high-cut cotton panties, which were also wet for all the wrong reasons.
She pulled the panties off and used them to wipe her tits, pits, and clit, hoping for a little warmth once she was dry. Tossing the underwear onto the floor, she started stripping the sheets, adding them to the panties, before going in search of yet another bowl.
Once she was in the living room and away from the "blackout curtains" she preferred in her room, she noticed the rain had actually stopped. Early morning sun struggled past the dark clouds. What was still leaking must have been from any water still on their flat roof.
Over the past several days, water soaked into the ceiling insulation, where it sat, mildewing until enough collected so it started to run through the sheet rock. Most of her casual clothes had been soaked in water that had taken on a strong mildew smell. Fortunately it was a summer storm: lots of sound and fury but still 90 degrees out by 10AM.
She smelled coffee brewing and walked into the kitchen to find Granny-Aunt standing at the counter with her back to her, and wearing a large, thick robe which looked invitingly warm. And dry. Calico wrapped her arms around her aunt from behind.
Granny-Aunt rubbed her ass back against Calico's public hair, as she cooed, "OK, Clint, but if you want another B.J. you're going to have to..." She turned around. "Oh, it's you. Where are your clothes at?"
"Everything I own is soaked to the core."
"Aw, to be young again."
"From therain, Granny-Aunt, you pervert."
"Well, the sun is out now. I don't suppose there's much can be done."
"I guess I can get up there with a push broom and clear the standing water."
"I think there's a tarp and some tack nails in the garden shed, if that's any help."
"Thanks Granny-Aunt. Stand by in case I fall off and die."
"If that happens, can I have your Oingo Boingo collection?"
Calico chose to ignore her, and, instead, went back into her bedroom to find something to wear.
Because of the warm weather, she opted to wear her bright orange two-piece swimsuit. No point in getting any more clothes ruined by stinky tar-paper water.
She did a quick stop at the mirror. While not technically a bikini, the high-cut showed off her hips and tight gusset molded to her crease in the front. She chuckled at her assessment because she knew she'd be adding large galoshes and knee pads from the garden equipment. "I am sexay as fuck," she laughed.
She found the tarpaulin and tack nails in the garden shed, as Granny-Aunt had promised, along with the goloshes and knee pads. A few minutes later, the ladder was leaning against the house and Calico was on her hands and knees, scraping soggy tar paper and hammering nails. When she heard someone on the ladder, she called out, "Who's coming up?"
"It's Lenny."
Calico smiled. Lenny was her neighbor on the up-hill side. She often saw him and his wife as they went for their morning fun together. In their 50s, both were very fit and attractive. Lenny was tall and muscular, with just enough gray in his dark hair to trigger a tug in her groin. He was always friendly and helpful. His wife, Sheila, was a tall blonde with curves in her figure that Calico envied and lusted after. Just fun fantasy stuff.
Knowing it was only him, she kept working on all fours, purposely adding extra wiggle to her backside to give Lenny a thrill.
After a few minutes, Calico realized Lenny hadn't made a sound. For a moment, she wondered if her butt action had given the old guy a heart attack. She looked his way, and found him crouching quietly, wearing a t-shirt and light blue briefs-style swimsuit, smiling as he watched her. Being Calico, she immediately noticed his swim suit was quite tight and his thick cock was straining at the elastic.
Then she noticed he was holding up his phone, filming her. She glanced at her orange-clad ass. Smirking, she reached back and ran a finger under the leg holes, pressing them into her crack like a thong. Her tan cheeks spilled out.
"Enjoy looking at my ass, do you, Lenny?"
"Yeah, Calico, I sure do. The missus and I have been watching your video on a loop for days."
It took Calico a few seconds to figure out that he meant the video she had made available on line. It was her, naked, having sex with Jeff, the delivery man with the monstrous cock. Only a half-dozen people had signed in to buy it, so far. "Oh, you must be LennySquiggly1976?"
He smiled proudly. "Squiggly is Sheila's online avatar, so we combined our names when we signed up for your account. As I said, we've been watching it non-stop. Gets us both plenty worked up!"
"Yes, I can see that," she nodded toward his briefs, where the head was now very close to emerging completely. "You're a big boy, aren't you, Lenny?"
"Yeah, sorry. I don't mean to tease, but that's part of why we enjoy the video. My wife loves taking my big dick in her two holes."
Two? thought Calico to herself, admitting she couldn't blame a lady for hesitating to have that large intruder in her ass. Her eyes watered at the image.
"But sometimes she gets too sore," Lenny continued. "She needs a break, but I want to keep going. Watching the video, Sheila suggested you would be able to help us out. I'm not nearly as big as that guy, but we thought, maybe?"
He had not stopped recording and her exhibitionist streak was getting the better of her. She turned toward him, sitting on the tarp and spreading her legs as she pulled the rubber shoes off. "So, you thought, what? You'd video my butt for your private collection?"
He nodded toward his house up the hill. "We saw you from our window. Sheila started rubbing me and saying how sexy your ass looked and if I brought home another video, she would suck me all night."
Calico smirked, "Sounds reasonable." She slipped a finger under her swimsuit top, teasing her tiny nipple. "But here's the deal. You keep filming, and I'll give you a video that will make Sheila cum just by watching us. There is only one condition; I get to keep it and sell it online. How does that sound?"
"Watching... us?"
She wondered if he had caught that. "Of course, us, Lenny," Calico untied the string at the back of her top letting it fall away from her flat chest. "If Sheila wanted to watch a sexy woman fingering herself until she dripped all over her hand, she'd crouch in front of a mirror." The mental image of Lenny's wife masturbating stirred Calico's juices. Still wearing the knee pads, she started to crawl toward the tall man with the tent in his briefs. "No, she wants to see the same tiny woman who took Jeff's huge dick take her husband's cock." She slid her hand up Lenny's pant leg, encircling the velvety head. "This cock. Don't you agree?"
"I do. I certainly do agree. Um... how do we start?"
"Well, first," she stood up and took the phone camera from him. Strutting a few feet away, she leaned it against the upright of the ladder. She peered into the screen, made sure it was still recording, checked the angle, and pinched her small nipples, giving them a bit of a rise.
Happy with the camera, she turned to fill the frame with her tight ass. As she crawled back to Lenny, she looked up at the neighboring house where she spotted Sheila, naked in the window, one hand holding binoculars, the other massaging her crotch. Calico felt her pussy swell with excitement as she blew Lenny's wife as kiss.
When she crawled between Lenny's legs, she found a large dark spot where pre-cum had oozed through the light blue briefs. She put her mouth on the spot, sucking and licking it. She leaned back to catcher her breath, "A bit excited, Lenny? That's good." Turning her back to the house, she bent forward at the hips, exposing her ass to Sheila and her pubes to the camera as she pulled down her swimsuit bottoms. "Let's see how excited you really are."
Lenny was still crouched down, with his back to the window. Calico ran her hand up the front of his briefs, pressing more pre-cum into the fabric. The she pressed downward, sliding along his shaft, over his balls and under him so her fingers reappeared between his butt cheeks. Doing it as much for Sheila as for Lenny, she pressed her middle finger into the fabric, rubbing it against his anus.
Lenny groaned, "Ah, Calico. That felt so good. Sheila never touches my ass. No 3-somes and no ass-play. House rules."
Calico felt her breasts swell at the unspoken challenge. "Maybe this will inspire her," She curled her arm up behind, leaning close to inhale the scent of his cock before opening her mouth around where she knew the head was waiting under the thin fabric. She started to stand up, her arm between his legs forcing him to follow suit. When he was on his feet, she closed her fingers around the elastic at the back and her teeth on the front. She pulled the back first, lowering the suit over his tight butt, then bent down to drag the front down as well. His cock slapped her forehead as it sprang free. She scooted up to catch the head between her lips as she pulled the suit down the rest of the way in the back, leaving it hanging over his ankles and sneakers.
She moved a bit to one side, as if trying to get him deeper in her mouth. The truth is, she wanted to turn for both the camera and his wife. She rocked down on the kneepads, lifting her butt up as her cheeks spread, making sure Sheila's binoculars had the perfect view of Calico's puffy cunt lips and her tight anus as she sucked Lenny's large dick. Calico also knew Sheila could see her arm, still up behind her husband's butt. Wiggling her hand sideways, she slipped it between his cheeks, diddling his asshole with her middle finger. Lenny lurched forward, shoving his dick deep into her throat. Calico pressed the back of her tongue upward, catching the head of Lenny's cock against her soft palate. "Gah!" he shouted, pumping into her again. "Wow, Calico. That is fantastic."
She did it again. He shouted again and started humping her face, shoving his eight-inch cock deep in her throat. Calico forced her finger into his dry ass. He screamed, "AGH! SHEILA, MY ASS!"
Well, that will make great video, she thought. As Calico felt the fluids welling from her pussy, she realized she was feeling a bit of a sisterly obligation to Lenny's wife. Not only for a good show, but perhaps to open her eyes to things she might try with her man. And, Calico had to admit, perhaps have a chance of her own with the sexy blonde with the voyeuristic kink. She drove two fingers into her cunt, groaning around his dick, fucking her fingers with quick thrusts as she sucked his cock with the same tempo.
"Oh fuck, Calico! Yes." She loved having a man plunge her throat. She was tempted to devour any cum he could shoot in her gullet, but she knew there was more to do.
He shouted again when she pulled her finger from his butthole and her mouth from his cock. She stood up quickly, going on tip-toes to kiss this sexy man. He put his arms around her and returned the kiss. She broke the kiss, smiling. "Got your balance?"
"Um... yes?"
"Grab my ass and hang on," she didn't wait for his response before jumping on his hips, impaling herself on his long cock with the first try. "FUCK YES," she shouted as she was suddenly and completely filled!
As with every man she had ever fucked, Calico had to admit, she began evaluating. With Jeff, it had been easy. Size before anything else. Yes, he was caring and careful, but it had been about the stretching and the filling and the pain. Lenny's 8-inches was what she called "good-big." Larger than average, quite big, in fact. But not so much that there was any discomfort besides her cunt stretching to accommodate. (Calico made a mental note to seek out the perfect 7-inch dick on a guy who enjoyed eating pussy and margaritas.) Lenny bounced her on his dick, yanking her back to the job at hand. She grabbed around his neck and nibbled his earlobe before saying, "Let's give Sheila a show. Make her want to fuck both of us!"
"YES, CALICO," he shouted, though she was not sure if it was for her benefit or his wife's. "YOU'RE CUNT IS SO TIGHT. ONLY MY WIFE HAS FUCKED ME BETTER THAN YOU." Well, that answered that question. No man compares a sex partner to his wife unless he's stupid or trying to make a point about the wife. Lenny was not stupid.
He pumped deeper with every thrust and Calico felt her insides begin to coil. She decided to join the "tease Sheila" game, shouting "GOD LENNY. YES! ONLY YOUR WIFE COULD MAKE ME CUM BETTER!" She mentally shrugged. It was worth a try. But it was no game that his dick was hitting all the right places. The size, the shape, the head all conspiring to... "FUCK LENNY, I'M CUMMING. YOUR COCK...AAAAHHH!" her stomach knotted as her cunt let loose a fountain of cum around his cock. She twerked into his hard stomach as he bounced her frantically on his dick. Her head dropped onto his shoulder, gasping for breath, "Enough, Lenny. Slow, stop. Too much."
He kissed the top of her head as he let her weight bring her softly down the full length of his dick. Calico sighed, before wiggling her ass. "You're still hard, baby?"
He could only shrug, smiling sheepishly.
Calico lifted her head to look up at the window. "He's still hard," she called out.
Sheila's boobs bounced as she shrugged, "See what I have to deal with? You two better come in." When Lenny turned to look at her, she spread her the lips of her pussy, pointing to her pouting cunt.
"Let's go," Lenny almost forgot to put her down. He yanked his swimsuit mostly over his throbbing dick. Calico gathered up her suit, but didn't bother to put it on. It was only a hundred-yard dash between houses in broad daylight after they had been shouting obscenities literally from the rooftop. She did remember to grab Lenny's phone as she followed him down the ladder.
Halfway down, Calico looked to see Granny-Aunt looking up at her naked ass. When her feet hit the ground, Granny-Aunt said, "Don't forget what pays the bills, my sweet whore," and handed Calico her mobile phone.
They made it to Lenny's front door without getting arrested; One of many advantages of living in a largely remote neighborhood. Sure, everyone in a half-mile will know she and Lenny were doing the dirty on the roof. But most didn't care and some would only smile, thinking back on their time with the local internet slut. Calico chuckled to herself, proud of her reputation as well as her income.
Sheila was standing just inside the door, naked, with two fingers in her mouth and three in her cunt. Lenny dove for his wife. He covered her face with kisses as she grabbed his hard cock and started pumping. I took advantage of their "couples time" to upload the video to my email. When I looked up, Sheila was watching me, chuckling. She nodded at Lenny's phone. "I'll be looking for that tomorrow."
I held up my phone, "Will you also be looking for this?" and I hit record. Sheila suddenly went all shy. She raised one arm to block the side view of her terrific tits, but when she lowered her eyes modestly, she was confronted by her other hand holding her husband's large, hard cock in a hand covered in juices from her cunt.
Enchanted that image, Sheila seemed to melt to her knees, kissing his dick with soft affection. Lenny's hips were moving back and forth with some urgency. Sheila sank his cock into her mouth. His pent-up lust kicked in and he started fucking her mouth with near fury. She seemed familiar with this behavior and immediately relaxed her throat. Calico made sure she got a close up of Sheila's neck as it bulged from his intrusion. Sheila reflexively brought her left hand to his bare hip, ready to push back if the need arose. But far from discouraging him, her other hand slid under her face to cradle his balls. Calico zoomed in again, realizing that this might also be a defensive position; if Lenny got too rough too soon, she could shut it down really quick with only a squeeze.
Calico had another idea.
Gliding the camera across Sheila's face, flushed and intent on the big cock in her mouth, Calico moved up to her hand, resting on Lenny's hip. Calico's hand came into frame, gently lifting Sheila's hand away. As she stood back up, Calico straightened the arm holding the camera, keeping it turned toward her. She slowly licked Sheila's fingers, taking them deep into her mouth and sucking them. She heard Sheila moan softly. She let the camera follow her wet fingers from her mouth, between her small tits, then across her pubic hair and down to her pussy. She laid her fingers on top of Sheila's, pushing then between her pussy lips and into her warm wetness.
"Oh, Calico," Sheila groaned, her face buried in Lenny's pubes, "I can't see you, but it feels wonderful. I hope you're getting this on camera. Whatever you want, I'm yours, you sexy lady."
At Sheila's promise, she hesitated going through with her plan to help their marriage. Her eyes fluttered as she removed the fingers from her cunt. "Another time, blondie. I promise."
Calico was a bit smug when she realized what a good job she was doing with the camera work. She followed the hand up from her pussy, moving Sheila's hand to caress her husband's buns. She lined up the image with Sheila's fingers at the top of his crack.
"Ah, what are you doing, babe?" Sheila almost whined. "It feels so good."
"Uh huh," Lenny grunted his agreement.
Calico shoved Sheila's hand down his crack, forcing the naturally lubed fingers into his asshole!
"AW FUCK!" Lenny shouted.
"What the fuck?" Sheila shouted. She flinched her arm, but Calico was ready and held her firm by the wrist, pushing her fingers deeper. Sheila pulled away from her husband's dick to shout at Calico "I'm a good girl! Let me go! Not his shithole! I'm a... good... girl."
Lenny was rocking his hips back on her fingers, then forward into her mouth. "Oh God, Sheila baby. I've wanted this forever."
Calico felt Sheila shiver, whimpering, then begin to relax and respond, moving her fingers in and out to match his hips, while her throat flexed on his cock. Calico had no idea where to point the camera, so she stepped back to a medium shot of the couple; Sheila expressing her devotion in the most intimate and nasty way. Watching the performance (as she knew she would countless times in the days to come) Calico started to rub her own clit.
Lenny was pounding faster and harder, screaming his wife's name again and again. Calico had to admire Sheila's technique; her mouth relaxed and her fingers pumping, she was in complete control of the depth and speed as she led her husband to an explosive orgasm. She swallowed every drop. Her hand relaxed, slipping from his dark hole. Calico noticed Sheila sniffing her fingers, experimentally.
Lenny dropped to the floor. Sheila gazed at him with pride of the devil's work done well. His dick was long and limp. She smiled affectionately, then her eyes went wide as she turned to Calico, shouting, "His dick is limp! After just one time! We did it!" She leaped up, hugging Calico. Always the content provider, Calico stepped away from the hug long enough to hand Lenny her camera phone. "Take over, stud. Do not miss a fucking thing." Calico returned Sheila's hug, letting her hands rest on the blonde's butt.
Sheila leaned into Calico's arms, her voice calming down. "We did it. He's soft."
Calico had to chuckle as she gazed into Sheila's blue eyes. "For now." She paused for a second, before they kissed. A sweet, deep kiss born of newness and curiosity. Calico pressed her flat tits into Sheila's large ones, moaning as their nipples caressed each other.
Sheila broke the kiss, staring at Calico, nervous. "I'm a good girl, Calico."
"I know you are, Sheila darling."
"I've never... well, anything, with a woman."
Calico gave in to a moment of reason. "We can stop if you'd prefer, Sheila. But I promise, I won't hurt you. Well, unless you want a finger upyourbutt. That'll hurt for a second or two."
Sheila's face was gradually taken over by the sex demon that had stayed dormant for so long, hiding, as they always do, just behind her imagination. She grinned, "Let's get him hard again."
This kiss was hot and passionate. Calico brought her hands between them, squeezing Sheila's warm, soft tits. Sheila's hand drifted to Calico's pubes, then started lower. Calico pulled her hips back, out of reach. "Uh uh. Not that hand. I know where those fingers have been."
Sheila giggled and kissed her again. Calico moved the kiss from Sheila's mouth to her neck, then down to her tits. She sucked them deep and hard, letting her tongue flick across the nipples. Sheila whimpered leaning her tits close to Calico's mouth. Calico kept licking and sucking, enjoying the feel of the areola swelling under her tongue and the nipples become engorged and dark on the lightly tanned skin. When Sheila started to rock her hips, Calico decided it was time to move on.
Calico glided lower across the blonde's stomach, pausing to tease the tip of her tongue into the other woman's navel. But the golden pubes were calling to her and she was powerless to resist. She kissed the top of Sheila's thigh, licking the deep crease down, as she moved to the other side, her finger lifted the clitoral hood and she blew softly as she passed by before putting the tip of her tongue into the other crease and tracing back to the top.
"Mmm, don't tease."
"Like you're in charge here?"
Sheila started to say something but was interrupted by her own squeal as Calico drove her tongue under the hood, curling the tip up to flick across the clit. Then she slowed down again, kissing the soft patch of blonde hair. She spent a long time, kissing the top, down the sides, then the point just above Sheila's clit. She whined again, much to Calico's delight.
Calico nudged Sheila's legs apart, kissing her clit, then down her thick lips.
"Wait. Wait, you..." Sheila's interruption arrived just about the time Calico feared it would. She was breathing the heat, poised to drink the nectar, fingers prepared to invade and teach. It was evidently too much.
Then Sheila laid down, swinging her legs around, spread wide exposing her dripping pussy. She grabbed Calico's ass with both hands. "Now little calico cat, bring me that pussy." She lifted her head, licking between Calico's lips, pushing her tongue into her vagina.
"Aw, Sheila you wonderful, lying slut." Calico flicked the clit swelling before her eyes. Sheila's private fragrance filled her head, demanding she devour this woman who was so full of surprises. Then she sealed her mouth over it, sucking the engorged nub across her teeth.
Sheila jerked as a spark flew through her. She groaned, relishing the flavors flowing in here tongue.
"It's different than tasting your own, isn't it Sheila? Either on his face or on your own fingers when you touch yourself, indulging in a forbidden fantasy. Is this what you thought about while you watched us on the roof?" Calico slipped two fingers into the wet pussy. "While you watched your husband fucking me? Did you want to be the one making me scream, making me cum?"
"Aw, yes. Fuck yes. I'm loving your pussy, little kitten. I can hear you purring. As my fingers touch you... here" Calico flinched. "And... here," she groaned. "And I like it... right... HERE!" Calico shouted as the other woman pressed her g-spot. She realized she didn't even notice, or care which hand she was using.
Calico pulled her attention away from her own pleasure, focusing on imprinting herself on this woman's libido. If that's how she wants to play it, Calico thought with a playful malevolence. "Your cunt is so sweet, Sheila. Thank you for letting me be the first woman to feed your beast, to dance with the demon you've kept hidden." Calico was driving three fingers in and out as Sheila humped her hand and face. "The dark creature that lives in all of us, wanting only pleasure, existing for sin," they were fucking faster. "Not just enjoying that big dick he's jerking off as he watches us... yes, my sexy lover, we got him hard again. But this is for us. For you and me, alone with our inner whore, our sex crazed selves. GOD your cunt tastes good."
Their hips were slamming into each other. Sheila's fingers were plunging into Calico's cunt, again and again. Sheila felt her mind drift away, as another evil thought occurred to her. "I'm close, calico cat. Eat my pussy."
"Whatever you want, I'm yours, Sheila." Claire quoted her back to herself.
"Whatever I want? Remember those fingers that are too nasty for your slutty cunt?"
Before Calico could put the words together, Sheila pushed two fingers into her ass. Calico's orgasm was immediate and violent. "Fuck you Sheila God so good love it in the ass fuck me fuck me more, sexy bitch!" Her cum splattered Sheila's face. The blonde flinched and closed her eyes, but quite a bit got in her mouth. Calico, thrust her hips down, rubbing her cum-covered pubes all around the blonde's face giving her no escape from her new-found depravity.
Sheila grabbed Calico's hips, biting into the auburn curls, sucking the cum from them like a washrag. A growl escaped her throat as she licked and sucked devoured this woman as her fingers fucked her greasy asshole. Her lust overtook her in a crashing orgasm of blood pounding in her ears and cum gushing from her cunt. "Calico! Oh my sweet kitten! Making me cum. Are you filming Lenny? I want to remember this forever."
Calico lifted her head to look down their mingled bodies to see the grin on Sheila's sweaty, cummy face.
"You never forget your first, lover."