I relax in my lounge with a book for about forty minutes when a cute blond named Tracy comes over and puts her foot on my relaxed cock. I remember her from our morning class. She flicks me a few times with her toes and I start to get hard. Still standing over me, she works her foot under my balls and then levers it up with her heel. I feel the pressure from below, and that takes my hardness the rest of the way.
She pulls up a regular chair, higher than a chaise lounge, so she can get to me from above. She puts one foot on either side of my cock and squeezes them together while she works up and down. She notices right away that it's a little rough, so she puts some lotion on me. That helps a lot.
Tracy's legs are so spectacular, and I have such a good view of them, that I'm enjoying watching them work almost as much as I'm enjoying what her feet are doing to me. She keeps up the rhythm and the pressure until I'm ready to blow. Then she switches to a double toe grip, exactly as Lennox taught, and finishes me off.
I groan with pleasure.
"Thanks, Brendan. Get you a drink?"
"A beer, Tracy, if you could."
She leaves for a few minutes and returns with the beer.
The footjob has made me thirsty, so I take a big gulp.
"See you around," says Tracy, as she squeezes my balls to say goodbye.
I pass the afternoon with my book, a few naps, and footjobs from Gail and Lily. About five, I head to my room to get cleaned up for dinner.
* * *
I enter the dining room and see an unusual table arrangement. Each table seats just two. There's a mat under each table, covered with a soft terry sheet and supplied with a small pillow.
Lennox meets me at the door, grabs my balls, and leads me to one of the tables. "Lie down and relax, Brendan," she instructs.
I do as I'm told. From where I am, I'm looking up at the table from underneath. "Like this, Lennox?"
"Like that, Brendan, except spread your legs just a bit. Make yourself comfortable, as dinner lasts about an hour. The women at your table will feed you some snacks, but you'll get your main meal afterwards. There'll be a sippy cup for you to drink from." She laughs. "Like a baby." She looks at my erection and kicks it gently with her shoe a few times. "But you don't look like a baby to me. Now, just relax, and the festivities will start as soon as the women are seated."
I lay back. A waitress comes over, kneels down, grabs my cock, and takes my drink order. Then she brings me an extra large gin and tonic in a cup with a cap and a straw, so I can drink while I'm on my back. I have a pretty good idea what the "festivities" are going to be.
Simone and Sally take the seats at my table. They're both wearing black cocktail dresses. They don't say anything to me at all, as though I'm a human rug. Sally puts some brie cheese on a cracker and "accidentally" drops it under the table. It falls on my chest. She looks at Simone and giggles. I'm hungry, so I'm glad for this little snack. It turns out that both women continue to exhibit what everyone would call poor table manners. They keep dropping crackers and cheese, olives, some strawberries, and even a whole dinner roll.
Of course, as I guessed, they both remove their shoes and put their feet on my cock and balls throughout the dinner. They do it in a offhand way, not bothering to use any of the techniques that Lennox taught this morning. They're pretending to ignore me. I think they actually are ignoring me, although they seem to have little trouble finding my good parts as they slide their feet around. At one point Sally places her foot directly on my erect cock and tries to grind it into my abdomen. She keeps that up for at least ten minutes, and I come. I know that she knows that I came, but she and Simone keep pretending to ignore me, even as they spread my cum over my body with their toes.
It's the most unusual footjob I've ever had.
During dessert, Simone drops a large piece of tiramisu directly on my face. I enjoy eating the mess.
Sally and Simone order after-dinner drinks. Sally looks down at me for the first time and says, "Simone, look what's under the table!"
"It's a naked man," says Simone, as she wiggles her toes over my penis. I was already semi-hard, and that takes me the rest of the way.
"He looks like he's in distress," says Sally. "Maybe we can help him. You want to?"
"Sure, it's the least we can do," says Simone.
Simone puts the upper part of my cock in a toe lock and pulls it up. Sally puts a toe lock on the base. They work on my balls with their other feet, and then one of them, I'm not sure which, starts on my glans while the other gets much rougher with my balls.
I've now got four feet on me, two of them squeezing my shaft and tugging in opposite directions. I explode with a fantastic orgasm, shooting cum so high that it hits the underside of the table. The two women keep their feet in place until I'm completely drained.
The women finish their drinks and kneel down.
"Thanks, whoever you are," says Simone.
"Yeah, Mr. Whats-your-name, thanks," says Sally.
"You're welcome, girls," I say, laughing at their joke. I relax onto the mat and drift off to sleep.
I'm awaken only minutes later, I suppose, by the sound of moving furniture as the other men start to get up off the floor. I do the same.
Lennox makes an announcement: "Men, I know it's been a tiring day for you, and you've been so cooperative during dinner. You're now free to retire to your rooms, and your dinner will be delivered to you there."
I am indeed tired, and I love this idea. I make a note to mention it in my report. I head off to my room. I plan to enjoy dinner, get a good night's sleep, and then head off to the Shoreline Hotel, a five-star hotel on Miami Beach. That's where the Oakdale Women's Club meets.
* * *
I find the Shoreline Hotel all right, but there's no sign of the Oakdale Women's Club. Nobody at the desk seems to have heard of them. I call the office and speak to Brandy.
"This is strange," she says. "Hold on a minute, let me find Orvelia."
Orvelia comes on the line. "You know, a few recent reports were a little troubling now that I think of it. You sure there's no sign of them?"
"None," I answer. "I even checked with the bellhops, who know everything. Nothing."
Just about then I realize I'm really tired. My adrenaline pumps way up during these inspection trips, but something like this screwup is more than enough to deplete it all, way, way down.
"You sound pissed off, Brandon," says Orvelia, "Not like you. You OK?"
"Just tired. Maybe I need a little rest."
"Well, Fem City and River Glen are at least still in business, as far as we know. But that leaves you in Miami with nothing to do." She paused. "Tell you what, Brandon my boy. If the Shoreline is a nice enough place, go ahead and check in there, rest up, and then off to Fem City. What you do you think of that?"
That sounds great to me. "It's fine, Orvelia. More than fine. Thanks."
"You're very welcome. Anything else we can do for you? You certainly deserve it."
"Oh, I'm not the only one who deserves a special reward," I say, with a little idea in mind.
"Sounds like you have something specific?"
"I do indeed. Brandy works as hard as I do, and I don't think she's had a break for months."
Orvelia laughs. "You scheming bastard." But she plays along. "OK, I'll ask Brandy if she needs a break. I expect she does and she'll be there by tonight."
Just then my iPhone buzzes and an Roving CFNM alert pops up. I look across the lobby to see a gorgeous, long-legged woman in a sheer dress leaning against the wall looking at her iPhone. Then she looks up, sees me looking at her, and smiles. I motion her over, and she walks up to me.
"Actually, I'm on break," I say. "Forgot to turn off my transmitter."
She really is a sexy creature. "That's too bad," she says, discreetly placing her hand on my cock. "How long's your break?"
"Well, truth be told, it just started, and runs for a week." Now I've got a hard-on, and she tightens her hand. "Maybe I can postpone it for a few hours."
"That'll do," she says. "You register yet?"
"Just did. Heading up the room now."
"Perfect," she says, with a sexy smile.
We head to the elevator. I figure I can start thinking about Brandy a little later.