Geraldine's stomach felt queasy as the captain's voice announced that their flight was on approach to Louis Armstrong International Airport. She leaned against her husband, her head almost on his shoulder, and had such a firm grip on his hand her knuckles were white.
Geraldine was not a good flyer, but it was not her fear of flying or the earlier turbulence that had butterflies in her stomach. The main reason for her anxiety was that they were travelling to New Orleans for an illicit liaison with a black man, and it was likely that the following night this man would be fucking her brains out.
Part of her could not believe she had agreed to go ahead with this adventure; no one who knew her would, in their wildest dreams, think Geraldine would entertain such an idea. But here she was, and part of her was incredibly excited about the prospect.
-----
Brett and Geraldine had been married for ten years. She had met Brett when she was twenty-three. She hadn't quite been a virgin, as she had had one unsatisfactory experience with a one-night stand, and it had put her off trying sex again until she met Brett.
They had no children, neither of them that worried about it. When she questioned Brett about having kids, he just replied that he was in no hurry and happy as they were. She had a high-powered job in a law firm and was not yet keen on giving her career up to have children.
Her name was Geraldine, and few would dare call her anything else. But when she and Brett started dating, he brought out a side of her that she never knew existed, and in their very active sex sessions, he always called her Gerrie. And so, as time passed, whenever Brett hinted at enacting a fantasy or attempting some new sex position, she became her Gerrie persona, allowing her to get properly in the mood.
This trip was definitely a Gerrie moment. How she came to be here was a long story.
About six months before, she had been watching TV on her own. Brett had not been interested in the show she was watching, and he had gone to his den to catch up on some work. When the show finished, she turned the TV off and lay back to take a moment to listen to how quiet and peaceful their house sounded at this late hour. She was startled to hear the faint sound of what sounded like a woman having an orgasm.
Curious, she walked to the lounge door, quietly opened it, and stuck her head into their hallway. Sure enough, there were sounds of sexual activity coming from Brett's den. She tiptoed down the hall and peeped into his den. She couldn't stop herself from gasping out loud as she saw that Brett had his eyes firmly tied on the computer screen, and by the movements in the blanket draped over his lap, she knew he was masturbating.
Brett reacted the instant he heard her quick intake of air. He jerked his hand out of his lap and clicked the screen. She was side-on to him and couldn't see what Brett had been watching. But the fact that the computer light disappeared from his face, she knew he was watching porn and had shut it down.
"Your watching porn!" she cried out.
"Don't be angry with me. I'm sorry," Brett yelped.
"I'm not angry with you," then with her mind racing, she continued, "Well, maybe I am. Why do you have to watch porn without me?"
Brett looked terribly guilty and spluttered out something quite incoherent.
"I couldn't hear that, speak up and tell me what you said," Geraldine snapped.
He looked at her, and she saw a look of resignation come over his face. "Geraldine doesn't watch porn and would be shocked at what happens in these videos."
Sadness hit Geraldine at his reply, and she suddenly was overcome with a sense of failure. He was right. More and more, she had been rejecting some of the things he had hinted at during their lovemaking. But if she was honest with herself, there had been many times when she had wanted him to be more forceful and push her to do the things he asked of her. In the deepest recesses of her mind were locked fantasies that included some of the acts he hinted at them doing.
Her reaction to what he hinted at was purely instinctual--she was raised in a very religious, narrow-minded home. Sex was seldom discussed, and if it did ever raise its ugly head, it was understood that good people rarely indulged in it.
His sad admission about her rejection of him jolted her to the realisation that acts she had enjoyed and been happy to try with him in the early years of her marriage didn't sit well with Geraldine, the high-flying lawyer.

Her mind raced, and she wondered if she dared to talk with Brett about some of her dirty fantasies. And also, tell him that her Gerrie persona might be more accepting of his desires if he pushed her a little. Lord only knew their sex life had become mundane in the last few years.
Brett was watching her. He could see her mind was working overtime, contemplating his admission. He plucked up the courage and threw in another question, "Would you have watched some porn if I asked you?"
"Probably not," she snapped back.
Then, realising she was doing it again, shutting him down when it was not what she actually wanted deep down. She replied. "Well, maybe I could look at something. Show me what you were watching then."
"It was not very good. If you watched something with me, I would like to get a more tasteful video."
"Show me that one anyway, and I'll watch another video when you get it."
Brett was astounded that she had agreed so quickly, and he quickly turned the monitor on again and opened the video before she changed her mind.

The video started up again at the part he had been watching. The screen showed a woman giving a guy a blow job, she was on her knees in front of a much older man, and after a couple of minutes, the guy pulled out and came all over her face.
Gerrie looked at Brett and was surprised to see the excitement on his face at such a nasty act. It was a revelation to her, she didn't realise that this was something that men enjoyed, and the warm tingling between her legs told her that she was turned on by it herself.
The saying, 'Strike while the iron is hot,' flashed through her mind, and even though part of her was uptight, she leaned forward and pulled the blanket in Brett's lap aside. As she had suspected, his fly was undone, and his semi-hard cock was still poking through his shorts.
She bent and took Brett's semi-hard cock into her mouth, and taking hints from what she had seen the woman in the porn video doing, she started working her mouth up and down on him. It only took a minute before he came, and she swallowed it all, something she had not done before. She was pleasantly surprised that it tasted okay and that doing such a dirty thing made her incredibly horny.
Gerrie found she urgently needed relief herself. So she hauled Brett's arse upstairs to their bed. She removed his pants and took him in her mouth again, desperate to get him hard again. It didn't take long, and she hurriedly mounted him for the most satisfying sex they had had in months.

Afterwards, basking in their post-coital glow, they discussed him getting better videos for her to watch. Gerrie asked Brett if he liked porn videos or did he watch them because of her reluctance to do some of the things in them. He admitted he found them a big turn-on but that watching them with her was much sexier.
Gerrie admitted that she had gotten turned on but would rather he didn't watch porn without her. She also hinted to Brett about a couple of fantasies she had never dared admit to anyone and that maybe they could talk about getting some videos that covered her these.
She didn't dare expose everything she fantasised about but did convey some of her milder naughty dreams to him. As Brett left for work the following day, she asked, "Are you going to get us a video for tonight?"
"No! The best place to get them from is a guy who works from home, and he only operates from Thursday to Sunday. So we will have to wait a couple of days."
The following two days dragged by slowly for Geraldine. Her libido had been awakened, and even at the office, she constantly thought about what the beautiful porn star had let that old guy do. It was slightly more bearable at home, as Brett was a changed man, and they had good sex both nights.
Thursday finally arrived, and Gerrie couldn't wait for Brett to come home. She spent extra time on her makeup, chose her sexiest underwear, and put on a short skirt and a sheer blouse. She had dinner ready and candles on the table, making the scene as romantic as possible.
Brett finally turned up, nearly an hour later than usual. She was quite anxious by the time he finally walked through the door, wondering what had happened to him. But he quickly explained to her he had to drive a couple of miles in the other direction from his work to the video guy's place and had spent some time with him choosing something he thought she would like.
She was secretly pleased to see he had two videos under his arm.
After dinner, they watched the first video together and were naked and screwing long before the movie was even halfway through. The video had one scene that was a revelation for Geraldine. The woman got fucked in the arse, something she had heard mentioned before but something she never actually believed women did. Brett had tried that with her early in their marriage, but she had been appalled. However, watching it happen on the screen was an eye-opener for her. It excited her and made her question what else she did not know about.
Watching the video gave her dirty ideas, though, and seeing how the woman in the video performed gave her confidence to be much bolder and more sexy with Brett. She was delighted to find that Brett had become even more attentive to her as they played out some of the new acts they had watched.

The following day Gerrie surprised Brett by kneeling on the kitchen floor and sucking him dry before he went to work. And when she arrived at her law offices, she felt that everyone must see what she and Brett had done that morning, and for the rest of the day, she was constantly blushing and horny every time the session in the kitchen crossed her mind.
That night Brett brought her flowers, something she couldn't remember his doing in years. And after dinner, they watched the other video and again were naked and playing with one another long before it had finished. In bed that night, they tried anal. It wasn't all that successful, but she promised him she would try again and that if he bought some lubrication, it might help.
Nothing happened over the weekend, as they had functions to attend. But as they had the two videos until Thursday, they watched both again, and she was not surprised to find she had missed stuff the first time they watched them.

The following Thursday, Brett brought home a couple of triple-rated videos, warning her they were pretty hot. Gerrie was forced to admit to herself that she was very naive about sex. One featured a scene with a beautiful blond star having sex with three black men. That wasn't all; the men all had enormous cocks. The girl in the movie had trouble fitting the cocks in her mouth; they were so big.
She was embarrassed that watching those giant cocks squirting their cum in the girl's mouth and on her face turned her on more than she was willing to admit. She couldn't help but imagine her being awash in so much semen and swallowing all of it. Even more amazing to her was the size of the men's cocks. Gerrie hadn't realised that cocks that large existed. She couldn't help but secretly wonder what it would be like to have sex with a man with a big cock, to be stretched wide, and penetrated that deep.
After watching that scene, Brett and Geraldine made love. She became so aroused she made him pull out when he said he was coming and asked him to shoot all over her face.
They began to watch the triple-rated videos regularly. It didn't take long for Gerrie to realise that Brett was into the ones that included scenes with white women fucking black men. Gerrie found that they were her favourites as well. She found the black men attractive in a menacing sort of way, and her curiosity about those giant cocks was growing stronger.
Some of the strangest tapes were the homemade amateur tapes that the video guy found for Brett. These had scenes that couples or small groups had filmed with hand-held video cameras slapped together with music and sound clips. Often the participants were not very attractive, but Gerrie found these tapes to be the most arousing of all, as they were natural and not as false and contrived as the commercial ones.
These were real people having sex because they wanted to. One night they watched a tape that showed a white woman having sex with a black man, and it was apparent that it was the woman's husband doing the filming, as near the end, he joined the black man and fucked her also.
Gerrie wondered if Brett might be choosing these tapes as he would like them to do something like that. And sure enough, a couple of days later, Brett plucked up the courage and suggested they make their own video. Gerrie was surprised at how aroused she became at his suggestion but played her interest down and pretended to agree reluctantly. Her strict upbringing was still occasionally rearing its ugly head, making it hard for her to let go completely. But her reluctance evaporated when Brett got out the video camera and set it on a tripod. He joined her in the middle of the lounge, and she dropped to her knees and gave an outstanding performance, sucking his dick for the camera and letting him blow his load all over her face.
When they went upstairs afterwards to watch the video he had taken, they sat on the bed and watched it on their bedroom TV. When they got to the bit where Brett's cock was spurting cum all over her face, they were hit with an insatiable longing, slid to the floor and fucked like teenagers. And this was only fifteen minutes after the filming downstairs. Brett had never before become hard again that fast.
They filmed themselves several more times in the following weeks enacting scenes that had turned them on. And one night, Brett nervously asked what she thought about him filming her with another man. Gerrie pretended to be reluctant. She was unwilling to admit her interest, even though she had had those thoughts for the last few weeks.
Geraldine didn't have any moral qualms about sex with another man. Her big worry was about how their relationship might be affected. And she brought this up with Brett. Explaining that she still found it hard to admit her inner desires to him, even though they were having the best sex of their marriage.

But Brett had been noting the videos she was most turned on by. And he pushed her hard that night to admit she wanted to try a big cock. But she managed to keep her secrete that she was often fantasising these days about having sex with a black man endowered with a huge cock.

But he knew what she wanted, as her longing was evident each time she watched a white woman taken by a black man in the amateur videos he was bringing home. That night in bed, he knew he had her when she admitted that if they were to do it, it must be somewhere far away from home, where there was no chance of anyone they knew finding out.
They fell into one another's arms once that was out in the open and had frantic, messy sex. And even though they were exhausted afterwards, they talked long into the night about how they may go about it.

"How will we find the right man?" Geraldine asked.
"I've seen in a couple of stories I've read about husbands finding a guy on the Internet. Or I could ask my mate, Dirty Steve."
"Don't you dare ask Steve! No one is to know if we ever do this, especially not Steve."
The topic came up frequently over the week, and Geraldine's pretence of being disinterested slowly dissolved, and she became just as involved as Brett in working through all the issues that cropped up.
The first issue she raised was why Brett wanted to watch her with another man. He didn't have a good answer but said it just turned him on immensely, the thought of her taking on a big cock.
"Won't you be jealous?"
"Of course, I will. But I will override that as I'm sure we will regret it later in life if we don't try it once. And I know I can handle it. My only slight worry is that you will not want my average-sized pork sword afterwards."
"Don't be stupid. There is nothing wrong with your cock. And as you say, it would just be sex and a one-off."
That weekend Brett sat with Geraldine and showed her some sites he had found.
"These are guys advertising on sex sites about their availability for threesomes. And best of all, they are happy to show that they have been recently tested for any STDs and are perfectly safe." he explained to her.
Then Gerrie, without thinking and before she could shut her mouth, blurted out, "Honey, I was thinking maybe it should be a black man."
Panicking, she froze, worried about what had just popped out of her mouth and scared of Brett's reaction. She became even more worried when he paused for an eternity before replying.
"I just assumed we were on the same page and that it would be a black man. I will also ask for proof that he has a large cock. I don't want either of us to be disappointed."
Geraldine threw herself into his arms, "I hope I don't disappoint you. I'm scared I will chicken out when I come face to face with another man."

Brett told her he would not force her if she panicked. But he was sure she would see it through, just like everything she undertook. Brett didn't tell her he had been dreaming of filming her with another man since they started watching the videos. And that he was still pinching himself ten times a day, not believing that she had agreed to go along with his amoral dream.
A few days later, when Brett told Geraldine he had written a resume about her and posted it on a site he had found, she asked to see the advert. She was more than a bit miffed with him and asked why he excluded her from the selection process. Brett noted her annoyance and explained, "Picking the right guy will likely be a pretty unsavoury process, as I'm sure many of the replies will be from perverted freaks. So I was hoping to insulate you from all that."

But when Brett saw she was still unconvinced, he pulled a Word document up on the screen and tilted the monitor so she could read it.
The advert read: A couple wanting to explore their sexuality with another man, preferably black and well-endowed. Gerrie, my thirty-four-year-old wife, is a steamy redhead with pale skin and a trim hourglass figure. She is insatiable, willing and up for any kinky stimulating experiences. Please supply details and photos, and we will reciprocate with the same once we choose the lucky guy.
"You make me sound like some wanton trollop. And kinky has me worried. I don't know that I can live up to your expectations."
"That's what I thought would be needed to get some replies. And I don't think of you as some wanton trollop. I'll run the final applicants past you. Is that okay?"
"I guess. But keep all the replies. I want to see them sometime."
Brett came to Gerrie two weeks later with three names. But he said only one of the three met their expectations. His name was Chima, and he lived in New Orleans. The other two men were good, but he had ruled them out, as one, incredibly, lived less than twenty miles away, and they couldn't take the risk of playing around with a guy they could easily run into at a later date. The other man had excellent credentials, but he was white.
Geraldine asked if Chima had sent a photo, and Brett told her he had. But he wouldn't show her as he thought it would be more exciting if there were mystery and anticipation about the weekend away. But he did promise her the guy was handsome and well-endowered. However, what he didn't tell her, was his main reason for not showing her Chima's photos was because the guy's cock was huge, and he was frightened Chima's size might put her off.
Chima and Brett had been conversing by email for almost two weeks. However, Friday, the weekend before their trip away, Gerrie called to say she had to have dinner with the partners. Dinner with the partners was an infrequent event. Still, when the dinners occurred, it usually meant Geraldine would seldom get home before 10:00. So that Friday afternoon, he texted Chima and asked if they could Skype one another that night and received a reply within minutes that he looked forward to it.
When he opened the link around 7:30, Brett was relieved to see Chima and find that he looked just like in the photos he had sent. After some cursory conversation covering stuff they had already emailed to one another, Chima asked Brett why he wanted to watch his wife screwed by a black man.
"It's not about you being black. That was Gerrie's request. I just fantasise about sitting on the sidelines and seeing her screwed, preferably by a guy with a big cock."
"Are you quite small?" asked Chima.
"No. I'm not built anything like the photo you sent us, but I have never had anyone complain."
Later in their conversation, Chima asked for photos of Gerrie.
"I have nothing handy, but I will dig out a recent photo and email it to you next week."
"Why don't you take some photos? The other couples I have had this experience with took photos, and the wife got off on doing that, knowing a stranger would see them. Try it out."
Gerrie arrived home just after 9:00. He was in his den finishing up some work.
"Have you been watching porn without me?" she exclaimed.
"No. But I did Skype Chima earlier."
"What is he like, and what did he want?"
So Brett explained that Chima had sent a clean STD test result and asked about us being clean, as he had a casual girlfriend. And I ran past him about my videoing you two making love. Oh! He also asked if I would take some photos of you and send them to him.
Brett was worried this last request might be a deal breaker, as he had tried in the past to take some suggestive photos of Gerrie, and she had refused point blank.
But this was a much-changed Gerrie. She acted reluctant, but it was easy to see she was excited about the idea. So the next day, Brett set up his camera in the lounge, and she came downstairs wearing a leopard-patterned dress she had worn to a fancy dress party years before.

"Do you think Chima will like this?"
I'm sure he would rather see it lying on the floor beside you, but yes, it looks slutty and sexy on you."
Again, Brett expected a reaction to his suggesting she take the dress off. But she didn't blink an eye. She just told him she was to have the final say on what he sent to Chima. Brett put some sultry music on the stereo and spent the next hour directing Gerrie in more and more sexy poses. And it didn't take that long before he had her posing nude.
At one stage, when Gerrie was facing Brett, legs apart, kneeling on their sheepskin rug, He wondered if her workmates had noticed a change in Geraldine at her law firm. Because the change he had seen in her over the last three months had been incredible.
After the photo session, he took the SD Card into his den to edit the photos. Gerrie followed and sat next to him. The images were fucking hot. But they immediately noticed things in the background that could give their identities away.

"No worry, I will remove the background," Brett assured her.
Gerrie had never been interested in watching him edit any photos before. But that afternoon, she sat beside him and offered advice about removing blemishes on her skin and shadows that marred the photo. She cracked up when Brett distorted her fanny, making it look large and gaping. Finally, they agreed on four photos he could send to Chima.
They finished before 3:00, and Gerrie, now very hot and bothered, dragged Brett to bed, and they spent the next hour fucking their brains out. A far cry from the Geraldine all their friends knew.
And that, dear readers, is how Brett and Gerrie came to sitting on a plane about to touch down in New Orleans - nervous and with all their senses aflame.
--------
It was a Friday afternoon in late March when Brett and Gerrie exited a taxi in front of their hotel. It was a charming, one-hundred-year-old hotel in the heart of the French Quarter. As they both had good-paying jobs, no children, money was not a problem. So they booked one of the superior rooms, with a substantial bedroom and a separate lounge. Aside from their planned night of debauchery, they were hoping to relax and spend time taking in all that New Orleans had to offer.
With the above in mind, they decided to fly down on Friday and spend five days in New Orleans. They were to meet Chima at a place of his choosing on Saturday night.
Once settled in and unpacked, Brett called and asked Chima where he wanted to meet with them. Chima said it suited him to meet in their house bar at 8:30 the following night if they were okay with being seen there with him. Gerrie was listening and nodded her head. They knew no one in the town, so it sounded like the most accessible place to meet.
Brett explained to Chima that Gerrie had long fantasised about being picked up by a stranger at a bar. And they would come to the bar at 8:30 sharp and separate at the door, and she would go up to the bar independently. He also explained to Chima what they would both be wearing, so he would recognise them.
They went out on the town that first night but couldn't get into a festive mood like the other tourists around them. Neither of them could get their minds off what they were planning to do. They returned to the hotel early but did little more than have a kiss goodnight, having agreed not to initiate sex in the days before their planned sexual liason.

On Saturday evening, Gerrie was extremely nervous as she dressed for the evening. She had gone shopping with Brett the previous weekend and bought a couple of more suggestive outfits, as her wardrobe had become very conservative in the past ten years. She wore a red, low-cut top and a short black skirt with sandals. She had also bought some very risqué lingerie and chose a tiny black thong from her selection but wore no bra.
Before they left the room, Gerrie sounded Brett out to see if he wanted any limits on the night's activities. She felt she had to be blunt with him. "You're sure you're still okay about this, Brett?"
"Yes, I am. We've reviewed this several times, and nothing has changed for me."
She pressed him further, "I am likely to have oral sex as well as regular sex with a black man. You're sure! Certain?"
"Yes," Brett replied emphatically.
"What if he comes inside me?"
"You should do what you want. If you want him to finish inside you, that's your decision. I'll be okay."
"Are you sure, Honey? Are you sure it's okay whatever I do?"
"It will be okay no matter what. I'll still love you, no matter what."
When they left the room and caught the lift down to the lobby, They passed other guests, many of them pausing to eye up Gerrie's attire. She never believed she would have ever dared to go anywhere so provocatively dressed. Her nipples hardened and stood out prominently through her red blouse. The men's carnal looks inflamed her already aroused state, and she felt her thong become slippery between her thighs.
The bar was in character with the hotel, old-world charming. It was busy but not so crowded you couldn't move. There was a jazz quartet playing over to one side of the bar. At the door, Brett hesitated, searched the crowd, and finally recognised Chima from the photo he had sent. He was seated on a stool at the bar, so Brett pointed out an empty stool to Gerrie at the other end of the bar and stood aside to let her enter alone.
Gerrie walked to the bar alone, aware that many patrons had paused their conversations to watch her. She held her shoulders back, trying to look confident and act with the confidence she had when in a courtroom. But she had never walked into a courtroom dressed like she was that night.
She placed her purse on the bar and attempted to ease herself onto the high stool without exposing herself to all and sundry. Motified that anyone might see her damp thong under her short skirt. Gerrie sat and acted as if she was waiting for her husband. She glanced around the bar, trying to pick out who her date might be. No one stood or acknowledged her, and there were many black men in the bar to choose from, so she could not even guess.

The barman came over and asked if she wanted a drink, but she declined, saying she was waiting for someone. As the barman turned away, she became aware of a presence approaching from her right, and she knew it would be Chima.
Gerrie gulped. He was even better looking than she had fantasised. He was tall and handsome in a rugged sort of way. There was a knot of fear in her stomach, though. What was she getting herself into? Would their marriage survive this?
"Hi, my name is Chima. Can I buy you a drink?"
A shiver of anticipation ran through Gerrie. He had the sexiest voice, a deep rumble that emanated from deep in his barrel chest.

"Why, thank you, sir. I'm Gerrie, waiting for my husband, but I'll have an orange juice since you offer."
They chatted for a while, sounding each other out. The arrangement, Brett had told her, was that Gerrie could call it off by not inviting Chima to her room, and if Chima were not happy, he would decline her invitation.
She was nervous but fought off her fears, as she wanted to go through with this as much for herself and Brett. She told herself she would play it cool and be detached, just like the women she had watched in the movies. There was no doubt in her mind that she wanted to fuck this man. She just hoped to hell he was as interested in her.
In the meantime, Brett had positioned himself in a booth with a clear view of the bar and was filming their conversation. He had removed his light sports jacket and folded it over his arm and hand holding the video camera so that he could film unnoticed by those around him. He only took a short clip, frightened he would get caught filming in the bar.
Gerrie gathered her courage. "Would you walk me up to my room? I want to see what has delayed my husband?" she stammered nervously.
Chima didn't say anything. He just smiled to ease her fears, stood and held out his hand to help her to her feet.
Brett followed them as they walked to the lifts. He had grown hard, just watching Chima's hand on the small of Gerrie's back as they walked ahead of him. He entered the elevator with them but did not acknowledge either of them. Chima continued to act his part, asking Gerrie what her husband would think of her turning up with him in tow.
"He'll be just as excited as I am. I guess."

Brett still had the camera under his jacket and filmed them standing close. Then when the lift reached their floor, he hopped out ahead of them and took more film as they walked towards him down the hall, unlocked the door, and entered his and Gerrie's room together.
Once the door closed, Brett unlocked the door with his card and pointed the camera at Chima and Gerrie, standing in the middle of the room. She looked uncertain about how to proceed as Chima stood back, taking stock of her body.
"Just do what seems natural," Brett called out to her. "I'll stay out of the way and only interrupt you if I want you to try something different."
They all knew what they were there for, Brett would be the director, but otherwise, they would ignore his presence.
Chima took charge and walked Gerrie over to the couch. They tentatively kissed, standing before the sofa, then sat and began to kiss. Gerrie was finding it easy to act the part. She was very excited and was happy just to let Chima lead. He kissed her face softly and nibbled at her ears, which Gerrie had always loved. Then he startled her by pressing his tongue into her mouth, but she quickly recovered and enthusiastically kissed him back.
When his hand brushed her breast, an electric tingle ran through her body. Gerrie instantly felt comfortable with Chima; she didn't feel offended by his advances. Quite the opposite, she realised she didn't have to worry about acting; he pressed all her buttons, and she tried to relax and go with the flow.
She had been worrying for days about how she might react and was happy to find all her nerves were fast dissolving. Her breasts felt naked. The material of her blouse was so light. Her nipples were quickly hardening against the fabric. She was over the moon when his hands began exploring their shape. He hefted their weight and toyed with her nipples.
Then, when his hand slipped under her top, cupped her bare breast, and rolled her nipple between his thumb and index finger, she let out her first squeal of pleasure. She guiltily looked over to see how Brett was reacting, as she was finding it hard to remain detached and keep her emotions in check.
Brett just looked around the side of the video camera and gave her an encouraging smile, "It's time you checked the bulge in his pants, Honey," he called to her.
Relief flowed through her; Brett was plainly alright about her continuing. Gerrie had been thinking about what would be in Chima's pants. She had noted his bulge when he stood beside her in the bar, so she had a good idea that he was large. Gerrie moved her hand down and felt the semi-hard bulge. Again looking over to Brett, she took note of the partial erection tenting her husband's pants.
That gave her confidence. Gerrie turned her attention back to the gorgeous black man in front of her, unzipped his pants and pulled out his cock. Her heart nearly stopped, it only felt partially erect, but it was fucking enormous. She had been worried about his lying to Brett about his size, as she had always wondered if those huge cocks in the videos were photoshopped somehow. But those concerns were no longer valid. His cock had her squirming around on the sofa, and she felt the wetness between her legs increase twofold.
As she stroked his cock it began to harden, and her heart went into overdrive. Her hand barely fit around its girth. It had to be eight inches long, and she didn't think it was fully grown yet. It was a monster, more impressive even than those in the porn flicks.
Gerrie knew what Brett would want her to do next. She needed to act her part, so she leaned over and, sweeping her long blond hair out of the way, placed her lips on the head of Chima's cock. She pushed her lips down over his bulbous knob, determined to get as much of it in her mouth as she could. What an amazing cock, she thought, as it hardened fully. "It is sooooo fucking big."
She moved her mouth up and down on him, trying to stimulate him as best she could. She felt small and vulnerable, lying under this giant black man. As she continued to suck on him, getting more of him into her mouth, she wondered how long she could keep this up as her jaw was already beginning to ache.
But ignoring the slight pain, she forced her mouth down another inch and rolled her tongue around his bulbous knob. She was not acting now, no longer detached. She was getting incredibly turned on and sucked harder, attempting to get Chima to shoot his load.
She could only manage to take about a third of him into her mouth, but his sharp intake of breath and the other sounds he made told her he was more than happy with her efforts.
She had pretended that it wouldn't matter that he was black. But she now found that to be bullshit. His dark skin made everything so much more intensely exciting. There was no pretence; she wanted this black man to plunder her pale white body and to fuck her hard.
Brett zoomed in to where he could get great close-ups of Chima's cock in Gerrie's mouth. The shots were incredible. He felt himself leaking and realised he would probably come in his pants without touching himself.
Gerrie was now oblivious to Brett and the camera, her sexual arousal erasing all other thoughts. Not wanting to cum yet, Chima pulled away and lifted Gerrie's blouse over her head and threw it on the floor. He pushed her onto her back, bent over her breasts and attacked them with his lips and tongue. His hand slipped under her skirt and encountered the panties. He tried to pull away so he could tear them off, but Gerrie held his head to her breasts, lifted her butt from the couch, used her other hand to push her panties down below her knees, and then kicked them off.
Parting her legs to give Chima better access, she moaned loudly as his fingers slipped into her wetness. Mercilessly, he began to work her cunt, two fingers at first, then he thrust three fingers in, and his thumb began to worry her clit. She was about to explode and wanted this to last, so Gerrie pushed him away, stood up and took off her skirt and sandals. She felt a surge of pride at his staring at her naked form. Her narrow waist, full hips and breasts were glowing. And she posed sexily for him and bathed in the amoral longing she saw on his face.
Chima jumped up and began to remove his clothes. Gerrie moved close and helped unbutton his shirt. He towered over her, and she had to stand on tiptoe to work the top buttons. Slowly his taught, cut physique was revealed, and she dropped to her knees in front of him and took his cock back into her mouth. She wanted him to flood her mouth with his thick cum.
With both her hands and her mouth, she concentrated on Chima's cock and balls, stroking, caressing, fondling and sucking. She went slow, then fast, sensuously sucking him towards a climax. Chima tried to push her away as he got close, but she wouldn't allow it. She kept up her slow insistent sucking as he struggled to keep from coming. Finally, he exploded, his body contorted, hips jerking, and he released a huge gasp of pleasure.
Gerrie was ecstatic. She whipped his cock from her mouth, remembering that Brett would want her to get as much cum on her face and around her mouth as possible. But she wanted to taste some more, so she directed the last few spurts onto her tongue. She nearly came herself from the quantity and power of his orgasm.
She turned her head and faced Brett so he could get a good shot of the pools of thick cum all around her mouth. She could even feel some of Chima's cum running down her neck. She turned back and sucked his dripping cock back into her mouth, lovingly sucking on it as the last echoes of his orgasm drifted away.
God, she felt horny. She realised she must look like those women in the interracial amateur tapes she and Brett had watched, slutty and eager. She knew if she were not careful, her newfound love of black cock would turn into an obsession that could be dangerous. Tonight, though, was not the time to worry about things like that. She just hoped she could get him hard again. Her need to be fucked by that beautiful black cock was paramount.
Gerrie stood and pulled China over to the bad, where she pulled him down and lay in his arms as he recovered from his climax. They talked and discovered more about each other, but she wondered how much of what he told her was true, as she bent the truth several times to cover Brett and her true identities.
It did not take long before Chima became interested again. He rolled her over on her stomach and started caressing her taut ass. He straddled her and fed his semi-hard cock between her legs, and it slid down through the folds of her cunt. Gerrie was eager to be impaled on that black spear, and she opened her legs and bucked her arse.
Brett, still filming, admired the length of Chima's cock, and he pondered the imbalance between his black phallus and his wife's pale, pert ass. It was evident Chima's cock was not fully hard yet. Which had Brett concerned about whether Gerrie could handle the bloody monster. But although his gut twisted with jealousy, he was determined he would not intervene, as this was what he had dreamed about for years. And to be able to get it on video was beyond his wildest dreams.
Chima reached down and guided his shaft so his knob parted her labia and pushed.
"Aaaahhhhhhh," Gerrie screamed as the knob slid past her swollen lips. She tensed as the first couple of inches of his rampant cock stretched her cunt wide. But that initial hurt quickly subsided as perverse thoughts about the immoral act she was committing flooded her mind.
Chima didn't mess about, undeterred by her initial discomfort; he just kept thrusting, deeper and deeper, until buried completely. Once his pubes tickled her arse, he stopped and held still for a minute, allowing her to get accustomed to his size. And it wasn't until he felt her relax a little that he began to thrust again.
That she had taken all of him was a revelation for Gerrie. She knew she would never have achieved it if she had not been so wet from his previous attentions. The initial pain was quickly decreasing, and she began to savour the lascivious thrill each of his thrusts was bringing. Each lunge seemed to penetrate her deeper than the last, rousing exquisite waves of desire.

A thought penetrated her lusty haze. When she had watched some of Brett's videos, she could not believe how the women took all of those huge cocks. Yet here she was, face down on the bed, and the cock ravaging her cunt, was probably larger than those in the videos.
Gerrie moaned uncontrollably as Chima fucked away at her. She could feel his balls hitting against her arse, his hands gripping her hips for leverage, and his ramming home with force.
Brett watched on, his mind quite blown by the fact she was taking all Chima had to offer. He zoomed the camera in on Gerry's face to capture the look of lust and desire on her face. Her head turned to look over Chima's shoulder. But Brett didn't think she was seeing him. Her face looked ravaged with an acute hunger.

They changed positions several times without Brett having to intervene. Gerrie sat on his cock as he lay on his back, then was rolled under him, and they did it missionary style. She looked to be enjoying this position as she gazed upon his large, taught body, then grinned at Brett, revelling that a black man was taking her.
Chima rolled her back onto her stomach, clamped her legs tightly together and fucked her again from behind, his cock long enough to reach deep between her legs and push itself deep inside her body. Soon he lifted her onto her knees and did her doggy.
Watching his wife's obvious arousal as Chima humped away at her brought back his jealous feelings again. But he knew he was just as turned on as she was, which quelled his urge to intervene. He marvelled at the view before him. Her tits were jiggling to and fro in time with Chima's thrusts. Her dangling red hair hid her face, but her arousal was evident by the grunts of pleasure and her thrusting hips.

Brett took one hand from the video camera, released his cock and began to stroke. He was amazed at how large he was. Nothing like Chima's mighty weapon naturally, but his cock had swelled way larger than usual because of his tormented state.
Brett heard Chima whispering in Gerrie's ear. "I'm gonna cum soon if I don't slow down."
"Go ahead. Please come inside me. Fuck me, please. Give me a baby." she almost screeched.

Her words gave Brett a hell of a shock. They had never bothered with the pill, as he would have liked a child. But a pregnancy had never occurred. They had never discussed this, but he had thought more than once that one of them might be infertile. At that moment, he hoped like hell it was Gerrie.
Gerrie had no such thoughts. She was light-headed and swooning with passion. She wanted Chima's forbidden sperm inside her, trying to make her pregnant. She was in seventh heaven as Chima began thrusting hard and fast, then began grunting, "Oh... Ohhhh... Yesss... Aaaahhhhhhhh." he yelled as he came.
His fingers jammed deep into her buttocks, and he bit her neck as his cum ejaculated from his cock into her belly.
Gerrie, overcome by the intensity of his orgasm, came herself. She clutched at his back, raking her fingernails from shoulders down to his hips, pulling him hard into her. And she thrust her pussy up at him, attempting to get more of him inside and have his seed flood her womb. The overwhelming passion of her orgasm shook Gerrie. She had never come like this, not even in the early passionate days of their marriage.
After a short rest, they resumed fucking, both still in heat. Another forty-five minutes went by fucking in every position they could think of. When Gerrie had another orgasm, she was exhausted and realised she was getting a little sore between her legs. Chima had not come, so she rolled him off and took him in her mouth. She sucked on him, trying to get him to cum again before he left.
She took it slow, using every technique she had learnt in the previous months. Soon Chima was ramming himself into her mouth, and she just relaxed and accepted it. Chima held her tightly in place, his hands gripping her long blonde hair, and he gazed down with a lurid look at this beautiful woman swallowing his engorged manhood.
When he came, his cum spurted into her mouth. It was diluted as most of it was freshly manufactured during the last forty-five minutes of their fucking. She found it bitter and salty, quite different from Brett's, but she savoured it and swallowed every drop. She sucked the shrinking but still sensitive cock for several minutes after he had cum. Her throat felt battered and bruised, but she was proud of herself. She had brought him to such a strong release.
Chima stood and started to dress. Gerrie tried to hide her disappointment. She had expected him to lie beside her, caress her, and say sweet nothings. That is what she and Brett always did. In fact, she would have been happy if he wanted to stay the night.
Gerrie looked to Brett, wondering how he felt about this and whether he would mind Chima staying over. But saw that he was busy tidying things up and handing Chima his clothes so she kept her mouth closed. She did take note, though, that Brett had cum, as she saw the signs of snail trails down his unzipped trousers.
Dressed and ready to leave, Chima turned and spoke to Gerrie, "You're an incredible fuck. I enjoyed that and could see you did as well. You should try an Oreo before you leave town. My friend Tyrell and I could show you things you didn't know were possible. I'll arrange it if you would like."
Gerrie wanted to scream out, Yes! But guilt rose like bile, and she closed her mouth tight, knowing that she and Brett needed to talk first.
Thankfully, Brett interrupted for her, "You want to try that, don't you, Gerrie?"
"I guess so." She replied. "If you would want me to?"
Gerrie looked at the ground as she answered, too embarrassed to say out loud that she wanted, more than anything, for two black men to take her. She heard Chima telling Brett he would contact him the next day, and then he slipped out the door.
She knew they had agreed this was only sex, but she was upset that he hadn't even kissed her goodbye.
As soon as Chima had gone, Brett confronted Gerrie about her getting pregnant.
"I never thought about pregnancy or you wanting to have his baby!"
"I don't. That just came out in the heat of the moment. It was as if I was a different woman. It wasn't me!" she paused and thought carefully, "I'm sure we'll be alright. My period is due in four days, so I shouldn't be fertile?"
They showered and fell into bed. Both were quiet and not sure what to say to each other.
----
The next day they took in the sights of New Orleans, and in the afternoon, as they were floating down the Mississippi on a riverboat, Brett took a call from Chima. It was evidently all on with him and his mate, but not that evening, it would have to be Monday night, as his friend played in a band on the weekends. Brett asked him for a good place to have dinner that evening, somewhere not too touristy.
They caught a taxi to the place Chima had suggested. It was on the edge of the French Quarter, and there were few white faces, but all were very welcoming of them. There was a jazz quartet playing. Gerrie couldn't help but wonder if one of them might be Chima's friend, and she scrutinised each of the band members deciding which she hoped it would be. She decided on the sax player, as he was the most handsome.
When they returned to their room, Gerrie turned to Brett. "It's your turn tonight. Please do whatever you want with me. Don't ask. Just do it. I was very naughty last night and deserved to be punished."
Brett got into the role immediately. "First, you must show me you still love my cock."
She was still wearing her black cocktail dress; Brett pushed her to her knees and pulled her face onto his cock. When he was ready to cum, he pulled back and began jacking himself off.
"You've been very naughty. I'm going to come over your face. Naughty girls deserve that, right?"
Brett marvelled at the sight of Gerrie in her elegant black dress, face turned upward, with her mouth open, waiting for his seed. He grunted and moaned when he came, painting stripes of white cum on his wife's face. He never loved her more than when he had finished, when she gave him the most beautiful smile through the cum he had splattered all over her face.
Brett quickly responded, "Pull that dress up. I think you need another reminder of how you should behave."
"Can I go clean my face off?" Gerrie asked.
"No, just get on our hands and knees on the bed. You need to be fucked in the ass. I don't want to wear out that cunt, when you will get it hammered tomorrow night."
"Oh, my God..." She balked. "Okay, if you want to. I guess I deserve it."
Gerrie's stomach was in knots as she waited on all fours, with her knees on the edge of the bed. Brett found the lubricant he had brought and, pulling down her panties, began smearing it around her puckered bud. She trembled in anticipation, the cold lube elevating her sensitivity. Brett's fingers pushed it in deep. He was treating her quite roughly, in line with her request. Then placing his cock against her anus with no fanfare, he held her hips and, in one thrust, buried himself to the hilt.
A strange combination of humiliation and arousal possessed Gerrie. She enjoyed being penetrated hard like that, but this was the wrong hole. The sensations were intense but doubled when Brett's fingers reached around and found her clit. The pleasure began to drown out everything else, and the new source of sensation made it more exciting. He rolled her onto her side and proceeded to fuck her ass from behind, spooning into her hard.
"Oh, God! Brett," she moaned, "I've been bad. I deserve to be fucked hard."
Brett upped his pace, letting his not-so-well-hidden jealousy show for the first time. He knew he was fucking Gerrie's ass harder than he should and didn't want to hurt her. But his emotions had boiled over, and his assault continued. To give her some supplication, he tenderly massaged her clit, and as he came, he leant forward to kiss her neck.
Gerrie came loudly, feeling her rectum squeezing his cock like a vice. When they stopped convulsing and shaking, neither could move for a while. His cock was still in her ass, but pretty soon, her spasming tight rectum squeezed his softening cock out.
Later as she lay on Brett's shoulder, she asked him, "What is an Oreo? Chima said that I would like one."
"You know what Oreos are," Brett looked at her pointedly.
"Those little cookies, but what do they have to do with us?" she replied naively.
Brett gave her a funny look, "Oreos are made of two black biscuits with a white layer in between. Does that explain it?"
"Oh!" she exclaimed, realisation suddenly coming to her. And her face went red with the thought of what Chima had suggested. "I don't know if I can do that."
"Of course, you will. I'm sure you will have no problems," Brett said as he rolled over, already half asleep.
Gerrie murmured, half to herself,"  I'll try my hardest, as I can see that you want to film me with them." She slowly fell asleep, head still on his shoulder, her mind filled with visions of her lying on top of a black man, with another spooning into her from behind.
To be continued...