Raina spent the next few minutes convincing Cliff to don the loincloth and thought he looked pretty sexy in it. His was a dark blue which looked royal against his dark skin. Cliff had the kind of body type that didn't require too much effort to appear fit. The bottom of the fabric stopped at upper thigh level and the material was light and loose against him. It definitely appealed to the female gaze.
In her bag, Raina had a cut out bustier and garter set. No matter how she positioned the straps her areolas would not be covered.
They stuffed their clothes, folded, into their gift bags and headed back downstairs in their plush slippers.
When they returned to the group they found Mr and Mrs Sexy in their seats. Owl turned and made eye contact with Cliff. She waved and patted a small space next to her - Mr Sexy was on the other side of it and turned too as they enter the room.
Cliff hesitated and Raina gave his arm a double tap of approval. Owl looked at Raina and gave a pleasant half smile as she made more room for Cliff. To do this, she had to inch closer to Swan, who did not appear pleased at the invasion.
Raina scanned the room for another vacant seat.
"You can sit with us," Bear taunted. His feet were propped up on the coffee table that halved the space and his cloth bobbed thickly, as he rocked his legs open and closed.
Otter stood up at this and headed toward Raina, arms outstretched. "Let's get you that drink."
"I'm coming too," said Dragon. Panda appeared to have fallen asleep at her breast and she lifted his head gently, placing it on the couch as she slid from beneath him.
The three women walked with linked arms toward the enormous kitchen together and Raina noted Dragon's breast grazing her arm softly. She glanced down without tilting her head down and saw a streak of wetness on her arm where the breast had touched. It was Panda's saliva.
"Sorry babe," Dragon noticed the same streak and wiped Raina's arm roughly. She laughed awkwardly and gave the arm a squeeze.
Inside the kitchen, Dragon pulled Raina to the rows of bar stools at the island, and Otter continued to the other side and grabbed some clean tumblers and placed them in front of the two women. She took a third for herself and gestured toward the array of liquor in between them.
"What tickles your fancy?" she asked. "Want shots? Wine? Cocktails? I used to be a bartender so I can mix you something good."
"She's lying," Dragon laughed.
"Well, I can get you good and drunk." Otter corrected haughtily and she laughed too.
"'I'll have some wine, please." Raina cringed inwardly at her timid voice and felt like a small child who shouldn't be served alcohol.
"Me, too" said Dragon. She leaned against the counter, turning in her barstool to face Raina. She grabbed one of the blue locs and rolled it in her hands. "You're bleeding," she said lightly and held up a blue-stained palm.
Raina smiled and pulled her loc out of Dragon's hand. "Yeah, it's meant to be a deterrent... It'll teach people to ask before touching my hair."
"Ooooom," Otter jested. "Damn, she got you there."
Dragon rolled her eyes and grabbed the loc back. "So what's up with you and......"
"Eagle," Raina said. "Nothing is up. He's a really good friend."
Otter nodded and replaced the empty tumblers with half-filled wine glasses in front of the two women.
"He looks like a good guy," she said. "He's protective of you. I can tell."
"We all could tell," said Dragon. She gave the loc a little tug and it pulled at the root. "It's very attractive the way he is with you. He's gonna be balls deep tonight."
Otter nodded again.
Raina's mouth twitched at a smile but she held it back.
"Why does it feel like the party is already over?" She asked, after taking a sip of the wine.
"Because it's a bunch of lames tonight," Otter was pouring tequila into her empty wine glass. "Usually the person hosting doesn't let us get to the liquor until everyone has arrived. But tonight... It'll pick up, though. Sex is a great motivator."
"Who usually hosts?"
"Python. Cobra's brother. But he's out of town for a few weeks. Cobra put this together, but he's really not a planner."
Dragon nodded this time and Raina noticed Dragon was using Raina's loc to trace the outline of her own areola. Her left nipple was perched. "So what are you into?" she asked Raina.
"I'm pretty open..." Raina said. She took another sip of wine.
"We can get pretty open..and nasty here," Otter warned. She was on her 2nd shot of wine glass tequila now. "Is this something you are used to doing? Have you ever been with a woman?"
"I've been with a couple women," Raina admitted. "But all this is not what I'm used to. I'm going to try not to be too self-conscious and enjoy myself."
"So you're not watching first?"
"No, I said I would participate and I plan to. Even if it's just with Cli--Eagle."
"Get in line," Dragon said teasingly. She reached over and pushed Raina's hair behind her shoulder. Raina had laid the tresses to cover her exposed breasts, but they were now unveiled for the world to see.
"You have beautiful breasts," Dragon said. Her hand glided softly up and down the outline of Raina's breasts. "What are you insecure about? These?" She fingered the surgery scars.
"We love scars, right?" she nodded at Otter.
Otter nodded back and pointed to a horizontal scar across the lower half of her belly.
Raina didn't realize her nipples were hard until she felt a pinch. She looked down and saw Dragon toying with her right nipple. Rolling it between her fingers and giving it a pinch ever so often. Then she leaned forward and put the nipple in her mouth. Her mouth was cool from the wine. It sent goosebumps across the boob and Raina shivered.
Dragon released the breast and smiled. "There's gonna be a line for you, too."
"Has everyone else been here before?" Raina asked. She wasn't sure if she should return the favor...but she didn't feel the impulse, so she just continued talking.
Otter gave a half nod. "Those two girls are new. Cobra said Gekko invited them, but I don't know why."
"They look so stiff," Dragon whispered so loudly she may as well have said it out loud. "The one with the straight hair...she's gonna be first on your man--well, not your man, but...you know."
Raina shrugged. "Good. Maybe she's a freak in the sheets. I mean, she's here right?"
Otter and Dragon shot each other with a knowing look.
"Some people who come here are really just lames who think they aren't lame," Otter explained, then shrugged. "But Bear loves an audience anyway, so..."
Raina instinctively cringed at Bear's name. It did not go unnoticed.
Otter chuckled. "I take no offense, young lady. My husband ain't for every body..shit, sometimes he ain't even for me. But...."
Dragon's face was beaming.
"Make sure you let him lick your pussy before you leave tonight. And get it before anybody puts a dick in you," Otter instructed.
Dragon smiled through gulps of wine.
"Really?" Raina was shocked.
"Yes, babe." Dragon began twisting two locs together and gave Raina a serious look.
"I think the way this chauvinistic man 'gives back' to women is by eating the hell out of some pussy." Otter shook her head. "I had him eat me up before we left home, just so I don't get in y'alls way. I'm still wet from it," she cackled.
Raina felt a twinge of curiosity but she wasn't sure about cashing in that guarantee. Bear was off putting and she'd planned to avoid him at all costs tonight.
"What's the deal with Raven and Emu," She wanted more tea now. She would regale everything to Cliff when she got a chance.
"I think they are like y'all - you and ....."
"Eagle."
"Yeah," Dragon continued. "But it looks like mostly sex with them. They kind of latch on to each other. I've only seen them once before and they didn't play with anyone else.
"I think she's doing most of the latching.." Otter inserted.
Dragon shrugged. "Maybe...she could be the one who wanted to come back here to get dicked proper. Maybe he just has a 'great personality',"
"And the two gay ones keep hoping somebody new comes for them," Otter whispered. "If they get desperate enough they'll take a woman."
Dragon rolled her eyes, "They are both bi-, " she corrected. "They are open to anything. But yeah, we don't get a lot of men for them. Is Eagle...?"
Raina shook her head.
"Mmm," Dragon shrugged her shoulders. "Welp. Maybe the other new guy."
"Who are the newest ones?" Raina asked. She and Cliff had missed Mr and Mrs Sexy's introduction while they were dressing upstairs.
"Lion and Canary," Otter answered quickly.
"Damn," Dragon tilted her head in faux surprise at Otter. "Did you write it down?"
Raina chuckled. These ladies were delightful.
Otter rolled her eyes. "I don't need to meet someone three times to remember their names." She waved off Dragon's reaction. "Plus the way he said 'Lion'," she imitated a deep male voice.
Dragon nodded. "True. He looks like he has a complex or something. Is he famous?"
Otter shook her head. "No, because Gekko would have known. He's into sports and all that man shit. Unless he played overseas."
Raina was trying to make a mental note of everything.
"And his lady is just Mrs Thang," Otters words were beginning to slur slightly and she pranced around the kitchen holding her tequila glass by the stem.
As she passed the two ladies, Dragon turned in her stool and gave Otter's round butt a smack. "Come here, Mrs Thang," she said.
Otter wiggled her ass at Dragon teasingly, and then backed up between her open legs.
Dragon wrapped her legs around Otter's waist pulling Otter's back into her bare chest. Otter turned her head to look back and Dragon grabbed a handful of her medium length afro. Twisting her neck further. Otter faked a struggle and the two locked lips.
Raina wasn't sure if she should be watching, but felt no obligation to turn away. The kiss lasted less than a minute and Dragon unwrapped her legs to release Otter. She gently pushed her away and gave her ass another loud smack.
Otter stared Dragon in the eyes for a few seconds before walking back around to the other side of the island. She seemed reluctant to stop.
"What's--" Raina started to ask what was up between the two of them, but the three were interrupted by Lion's entrance into the kitchen.
"I thought you ladies were bringing back drinks for everyone," he said. Otter's imitation had been spot on. His voice sounded almost unrealistically deep.
"Whatever gave you that idea?" Dragon took a fake sip from her empty glass.
Lion raised an eyebrow, paused, then opened his mouth to speak.
"There isn't anyone here to serve drinks," Otter said slowly, back in her 'bartender' position. "But I can mix something up for you if it's easy enough... as a courtesy."
Lion nodded in approval. He didn't seem to catch on that the open bar was self-serve anymore than he noticed Otter's minor slurring.
"Well, Canary would like an Americano and I'll be fine with a Godfather. Thanks, of course."
Dragon coughed loudly.
Otter didn't move and just stared at the assortment of bottles in front of her.
Raina turned to Lion. "Actually the special tonight is wine. Red or white?"
Lion glanced from Raina to Dragon to Otter and back to Raina. "Well, I'd have to see the bottle.."
"That's it!" Dragon exclaimed. She jumped off her stool and rounded the counter to grab Otter's arm and pulled her to the exit toward the main room. "Help yourself!"
Wanting to avoid any awkwardness, Raina left her stool to follow the two women out.
"Uh?" Lion said aloud.
Raina turned around to look at him, thinking he was having a latent reaction to what had just happened.
But he was looking at Raina when he spoke. "You're with...Hawk...Eagle, right?"
Raina paused and nodded.
"Well, you may not want to rush back too quickly.. the party is getting started in there."
It was Raina's turn to raise an eyebrow. She left the kitchen without another word to see what Lion was talking about.
It took her a few seconds to gather exactly what was transpiring in the main room.
Cliff - Eagle - was lying on an chaise. His loincloth had been removed - though really just pulled down as it still hung from his right ankle. A pillow was resting on his face and his dick stretched long and stiff - hard and shiny - resting on his abdomen.
A second chaise was set up about two feet apart and Emu was lying there in the same state. Both men had their arms stretched over their heads.
The group had formed a small crowd around the two men and Raina couldn't tell the point of the presentation. She looked around and saw Dragon flagging her over to stand with her and Otter. She walked over to them, taking glances at the naked aroused bodies that the mob's center.
"What the fuck?" she asked out loud without thinking.
Dragon raised a surprised brow. Hadn't Raina insisted that she and Cliff were 'just friends'?
Otter nodded and wore a faint, tipsy smile. "It's time to get things CRACKING," Otter whispered loudly.
Some of the others had heard her and Owl peered over to the three women, her eyes lingered on Raina the longest.
Before Raina could open her mouth to repeat the question, someone else spoke first.
"Okay, round one is over. Both men held their own. Looks like we don't have any premature ejaculators between these two. Now round two is about to start." Gekko was speaking and he wore a wide Emcee grin as he spoke and made gestures to Eagle and Emu's deflating members.
"Again, we're gonna need volunteers. Next, we're going to test willpower against oral stimulation. We need two volunteers each - that's four...for those of you who are arithmetically challenged."
Laughter broke out among the group.
"And according to my records, no one signed up as a Watcher tonight. That means everyone can participate. Yay!"
Raina looked around at the other women. She wondered who would volunteer. Her heart was pounding in her chest, but she was choosing to ignore it. It helped slightly that Eagle's face was covered, but she had complicated feelings about what she was about to witness.
"Let's do this old school and start with a show of hands." Gekko continued. "Raise your hand if--" his voice trailed off as something apparently had caught his attention in the crowd.
Raina looked to see what Gekko was looking at and saw Cobra was mouthing something while making hand gestures.
"Oops!" Gekko said dramatically. "My bad, y'all. So yes, we here at the Reform typically operate under the notion that 'a mouth is a mouth'."
Bear's deep voice could be heard agreeing quietly from where he stood in the group.
"But..." Gekko continued, "it is important to have a respect for boundaries and preference so first a bit of housekeeping."
He turned to Eagle and Emu.
"Gentleman, this question is for you. Give me a thumbs up if you can hear me."
Two thumbs went up.
"Good. Now, you're about to experience something that most men will never in their whole lives. You will be tag-team sucked off by our lovely guest volunteers. Now if you prefer to only be licked and tongue-flicked by a woman, hold up one finger. It can be any finger."
Eagle's pointer finger shot up immediately.
"Okay," said Gekko. "And if you are open to either women or men, two fingers, please."
Emu held up two fingers. In the corner of her eye, Raina saw Raven cock her head slightly sideways.
"Okay!" said Gekko with a hand clap. "I can't say it will be exactly a fair race, but the men have chosen. Now two volunteers each. If you want to volunteer for the dark fudge pop, stand to my right. And if you have a taste for some caramel macchiato, to my left please."
Raina felt a nudge from Dragon and she shook her head. For some reason, she was certain that the only thing worse than watching Eagle getting blown by two women among this group was being one of those two women as the group looked on.
Owl stepped forward and sat at Eagle's side by his waist.
Raven stepped forward and sat next to Emu.
Swan stepped up for Eagle.
And Panda went for Emu.
Raina shot a look at Dragon who seemed neither surprised nor bothered. She had an arm around Otter's shoulder and her hand was stuffed in Otter's lacey bra. Otter's head resting on Dragon's shoulder and arm around her waist.
Gekko smiled and nodded his approval at the selection of tributes.
"Okay, let's get a timekeeper in the crowd, please. How about you?" He pointed at Raina and gestured for her to step forward. She hesitated for a moment, then approached him with slight apprehension. Gekko pulled a small stopwatch from an incognito pocket in his super tight shorts and handed it to Raina.
"Gentlemen," he said, turning to the two men. Do not worry about the time. We want you to enjoy this experience. But we will be counting down.
Ladies and gentleman volunteers...," Eagle flinched at 'gentleman' and seemed to consider peeking from under the pillow to make sure there was no funny business going on on his side.
Raina reached to give his stretched arm a pat of reassurance as Gekko continued, "..take your places, whoever is going to begin first. If you feel yourself getting tired, feel free to tap your partner in and keep going like that until you have achieved your goal of ejaculation."
Owl and Raven positioned themselves as firsts on their respective sides. Owl wrapped her petite hand around Eagle's shaft and Raven did the same with Emu.
Gekko called the mark and on 'Go' both women lowered their heads to begin working and Raina started the clock. The moment Eagle's semi hard dick entered Owl's mouth, his back arched slightly. Owl started off slow. She stuffed most of the penis into her mouth, then pulled her head back - cheeks sucked in - she was elongating the flesh to fill with blood. It was working.
One of Eagle's hand came down to touch her head, but Gekko called out, "Uh uh, no touching Mr. Eagle."
Raina wondered if Eagle could tell that it was not her own mouth teasing him. Owl was doing it exactly as Raina would have done.
On the other chaise, Raven seemed to begin with a sucking and jerking rhythm. At one point, she was simply jacking Emu's dick to stiffness and Gekko called out, "This round is 'oral' stimulation, Miss Ma'am. Put your mouth on it."
Raven was sweating at the brow and leaned down again to add in her mouth. She slid her mouth up and down the semi limp shaft, her curved hand attached to her lips the whole time.
Owl had achieved a full erection with Eagle and now maintained a steady pace, shining the cock and occasionally deep throating it to Eagle's audible pleasure.
"Damn," Dragon said out loud. "I guess I was wrong."
"We were wrong," Otter mumbled.
Emu did not have a full erection yet by this time and two minutes had elapsed on the clock. Panda stepped up behind Raven and gently tapped her shoulder. She whipped her head to look up at him and her eyes were shooting daggers.
Panda leaned in to Raven, his mouth was moving as he spoke, but even from where she was standing between the men, Raina could not make out what he was saying. Raven sat staring down at Emu for a moment, then got up from the chair. Emu's limpness flopped to his thigh.
Panda took Raven's place and grabbed onto the now fully flaccid cock.
He began using a method similar to Owl's but instead of long sucking motions, his were short and mouth was making suckling and slurping noises and he moved at a faster pace. The results were almost immediate. Emu's dick began swelling visibly and he was moaning from under the pillow.
Panda also made use of both hands. When the cock was fully erect, he collected Emu's testicles in one hand and held a firm grip as his wet mouth shined the mushroom tip. His other hand had formed a C-shape and was wrapped around the penis base. Emu was losing his mind.
On Eagle's side, Swan was tapping Owl's shoulder repeatedly and not as politely as Panda had. Owl did not look like she needed a break. In fact, she hadn't broken a sweat although she'd deposited a lot of spit onto Eagle as she sucked and gagged on his thick cock.
Finally, Owl paused and turned to Swan, shook her head slightly and switched places with her friend. Swan kneeled near the base of the chaise between Eagles legs and went straight to deep throating.
The small crowd stood stunned as she attempted to swallow that long shaft down her throat without coming up for air once.
The time was just over 5 minutes and Swan gagged away, drool pouring from her mouth down the shaft and balls, onto the upholstery beneath. Raina was slightly impressed. Eagle was grinding his hips into Swan's face and it was obvious he was near climax.
Emu beat him to the punch. He was gripping at the sides of the seat and convulsing strongly as Panda sucked and slurped at the cum shooting into his mouth. Emu began wincing because Panda continued to squeeze and lick the remnants of his orgasm and still had the balls in a grip.
On the sidelines, Raven's face was like stone. Raina suspected that Raven would have turned beet red, if she'd been several shades lighter.
Eagle finished a few seconds later and Swan held the pumping cock in her throat and he reached down to try to free himself from her oral grip. As she licked her lips, Swan looked over at Owl and tried to give her friend a high five. Owl pretended not to see and flipped her hair as she stepped back into the crowd.
Gekko announced the winner as Eagle and that the prize for both men was in the participation.
Eagle removed the pillow from his face and he looked up at Raina from his lying position. Looking drained and slightly confused.