This part is based on true events occurring many years ago.
The new flatmate is a pretty young thing called Ashley. We had advertised for someone to share our home with us. The first few weeks we had received a few replies. A number of potential flatmates have visited but no one that special appeared. We were not looking for any couples but singles, male or female.
Then one day we had an application from a young lady. Her name was Ashley. She was very attractive and elegant. Julie appeared to like her. Ashley was down to earth and easy to talk to, attributes we were looking for. She was a little shy but appeared elegant and dressed upmarket. She seems to prefer skirts as opposed to dresses. But there was an air of someone who liked nice things. She wore jewellery and nice flashy shoes.
Ashley was a brunette. She was roughly 160cm tall, and she wore higher heels a lot of the time. She was slim and athletic in appearance. Ashley liked to wear those fake eyelashes, which enhanced her large pretty eyes.
We usually get a bond and driver license from a new flatmate. I note that she doesn't actually drive or have a car. And she was 23 years old. She later tells me she has attempted to get her full licence twice but failed each occasion. I did reassure her that she should not give up and at least attempt it again soon. In the meantime she was prepared to uses the buses as her current job was around 20mins by bus. We explained the bus routes to her and the whereabouts of the main shops. She was happy with our place as it was modern and upmarket, so it suited her taste. Plus the big attraction was she gets her own bathroom.
Although Ashley was rather attractive, it didn't bother Julie, my sexy Vietnamese girlfriend of 2 years. Julie herself was very good looking, slim and petite. She has been my dream lady. Our times together have always been rather hot. We have this fetish, we both enjoyed exhibitionism, which we have taken to extremes such as getting filmed professionally in the throngs of passion. Specifically engaging in mutual masturbation. However that's our little secret that we don't share with anyone in the house.
Today is Wednesday and Ashley was able to move in on Saturday. She didn't have many things. Probably a good thing and we had the room furnished for her. Her parents came and helped her with the shift.
After a couple of days we didn't see her. She didn't seem to like cooking much and she left early so she could catch the bus. She worked at a jewellery store which probably explains her liking for anything shiny. But we did find out she has a unusual liking for beef lasagna, which she would heat up in the microwave. I even asked her whether she liked chicken for a change. Her answer was she really liked beef. Oh well each to their own I thought. After the first week we casually checked her room. She was very tidy. Immaculate to say the least. Everything was in its correct position, like it hasn't been touched. A strong aroma of what appears to be apple shampoo lingers in the air or it may be a fruity perfume. She had framed insects and a large tarantula hanging from the wall.
One day she requested if her male friend named Dan could stay the night. We were OK with that. Actually I didn't realise she had a boyfriend or was in any relationship until that request came up. But it turned out it was an one off request. She was away a lot, so we assume there was a man in her life as often she was not home. We didn't ask so as not to appear nosey.
To be frank I liked her and as a typical male was interested in making sure everything was right with her. But my interest was a little deeper. I had discovered something personal of hers one day after she dropped some rubbish into the home rubbish bin outside. I was putting some rubbish out when a noticed a plastic bag with what appears to be a book or two. On inspection it contained her personal diary and some calendars plus miscellaneous pay slips. The calendars were of half naked firemen. So I promptly threw that away. However I retained her diary which I read its entirety. After reading it, I discovered some of her vulnerabilities. Although the diary entries were actually a few years old, she wrote a lot about lost love, the possibilities of rekindling that love and her hatred and disappointment in herself as a person. From her repetitive entries it appears she had low self-esteem and even wrote about suicide. I had discovered her vulnerabilities and now I find myself intrigued by her.
As I now 'know her", I found myself watching her movements more and a desire to find out what things she owned, liked, wore and used. As I said we regularly checked our shared flatmate's rooms to make sure they are clean and tidy and there is no damage anywhere. So I inspected her room this occasion. Again her room was immaculate. Again the pungent smell of apple shampoo or an air refresher lingered in the air. But I lingered through her clothing and looked under her mattress. I was a bit nervous going through her things but stopped short of checking every draw and cupboard. And I didn't want to hang around too long from fear of being caught out by an unexpected return. But I would time my inspection when I was alone and everyone had just left to work and on my day off. Nevertheless best to be cautious. My heart starts to beat fast, if I hung around too long. I guess I was trying to find out if Ashley had a vibrator or similar hidden somewhere so I can kind of fantasize about. And hence the presumption that she masturbated herself. The thought of watching her doing just that was rather arousing.
Weeks went past and her routine was the same. She had Wednesday off but worked late night on Thursdays. When she did come back, it was beef lasagna as usual, then back upstairs after warming it up. She rarely chatted. But when she did, she was sort of bubbly and interesting. Conversations were generally short but I still found her attractive and rather pretty.
The next occasion after she left early morning, I entered her room straight after hearing the front door lock as she left. This time her room was rather messy. This time her clothing laid strewn everywhere on the floor including her undies. In fact there was a few pairs of different styles and colors scattered everything. My heart beat fast as I inspect the interesting array. It honestly felt like I was in a garden of eden now. Amongst the clothing laid a few pairs of her unwashed dirty panties. My breathing sped up as I nervously picked up and examined her underwear. A couple were heavily stained with her smegma front and back. My god I was getting very hard. I touch the dried stain on the crotch feeling the texture and also the large stain on the opposing side of the panties.
I nervously placed it down and looked for a more fresher pair. I found another pair equally stained by her pussy and anus. I touched the stain and it felt moist. My mind raced. She probably wore this pair until this morning. By now I was so turned on. I brought the moist surface to my nostrils and inhaled the musky pungent odor. It smelt strongly of her urine and the fishy smell of her pussy lingered on the crotch. Tiny pubic hairs were embedded on the surface on close inspection. Aroused to the point of no return, I licked the moist surface to taste her. The salty astringent fishy taste lingered on my tongue. I went further and sucked on the stain, literally cleaning it from the fabric. Oh my god I am so horny now. I licked my lips to enjoy the after taste.
I decided I better go but with my mobile, took some nice photos of her undies before leaving. Just a small trophy for my time and a little memory of this encounter. By this time I was ready to wank myself. This time she definitely failed the tidy room test big time but I was more than happy to see how such an elegant young lady can also be surprisingly very untidy this time after keeping her room immaculate every other occasion.
I was now more interested on what else she may have. So on the next inspection, again her room was messy, with her clothing scattered on and off her bed. I wondered how she slept amongst the loose items. Her laptop was on her bed amongst other miscellaneous things. Again her dirty panties laid bare for all to see. She seem to like the frilly lingerie panties either pink, white or black. A pair was even heavy soiled by blood. And the white pairs were very stained. As before I looked for the freshest looking pair and inhaled her musky smell from the moist fabric then licking the surface clean.
I then looked under her bed and mattress. This time I found it. She did indeed use a vibrator. It was black in color and stained by her pussy juices. I held the instrument observing the dried creaminess on the plastic surface. I brought it my nose. Again I can smell her. Then I licked the surface clean. Her distinct flavour collects on my tongue as with her panties. By now I was ready to explode. I start to drift, fantasizing about her lying there on this very bed masturbating. I dream about watching her begin to strip, then begin masturbating herself, perhaps rubbing herself through her panties first then her clitoris before fucking herself with this very black vibrator, before having an orgasm quietly alone on her bed. I would love to watch her masturbatory technique, especially if she is unaware of anyone watching. My mind wonders on the possibilities.
Another few weeks past and after a couple more inspections, her room remained messy. Other than that ,there was not a problem, just things lying around on the floor and bed. After hearing the front door lock again as she went to work, I again entered her room. My routine was the same, I would look for her freshest undies and lick it clean. I wasn't disappointed this time. A pair was actually still warm. Actually in my own mind it was still warm. The odor, of her pussy lingered heavily on the fabric. The stain thin and creamy. I inhaled her strong smell and the chewed on the material, licking frantically. My mind delirious and drifts into euphoric mode, seduced by the act.
Suddenly I hear the door open. It was Ashley. She had come back for whatever unknown reason. I have been caught. I stood there red faced as I let her underwear drop to the ground. I was a stunned mullet as I stood there with a bulge in my pants.
"What are you doing?"
She firmly but politely asked. Her eyes wide in surprise horror staring at me. I was near lost for words as I stuttered out.
"Hi I am just checking."
"For what?" She replied back quickly.
"Ahh, just making sure things are OK." I spoke up nervously.
Her eyes drift down at the bulge and her own undies at my feet. A slight smile cuts finely across her pretty face. She begins to walk towards me slowly between the mess on the floors. Within a second she was face to face with me. My bulge begins to swell again.
"You like me?" She boldly pronounced.
I was too ashamed to answer her, too nervous to reply. I just stared at her attractiveness.
Suddenly I feel her hand reach out and lightly touch my hardness beneath my pant. I couldn't believe it. I think she is enjoying this.
"You really like me, don't you?"
She says again staring into my eyes. A glint of lust appears in her large eyes. I was beginning to calm down. I don't know whether she is angry at me and just playing with me. Is she just turning me on, then chucking me out. Maybe she will just tell Julie what I have been up to and cut a deal with me.
But she grabbed my hand and led me to her bed. I can't believe what's happening. Is she going to make love to me. I wish. Am I going to actually see her naked. My mind wonders as she laid down pulling me towards her. I laid down and she lies next to me. Her right hand on my chest lightly rubbing. She stares deeply into my eyes and again whispers.
"I know you really like me."
She looks down at my ever increasing erection. Her hand moves down to the large lump. When it gets there, I was in heaven. I can't believe what's happening now. I have dreamt about this for months. I close my eyes imagining what she is like. Is she going to give me a handjob? If she is, I fantasized about how she will masturbate me. Her technique. Then I thought doesn't she have a boyfriend?
I try to touch her breasts but she brushes my hand away. I try to touch her lower but again she pushes my hand away. Damn I thought I am this close to discovering her nakedness and perhaps a lot more but she doesn't want me to touch her.
Ashley begins to massage me through my pants. My god everything about her is starting to come true. Again I imagine her naked. Her perky breast. Her pussy. Does she shave it? Her perfume mesmerizes me mixing with the strong apple smell lingering in the room air.
Oh god I want her. I want to smell her, taste her pussy. I wanted to see her naked, spreadeagled now, so I can do what I wished with her. The thought of her sitting over my face, on top of me, while sucking and masturbating me filled my exploding mind. Her hairy pussy right in my face. My nose sniffing her anus, enjoying her most intimate smell. What does her pussy look like? I wanted to know what her insides look like, the shape and size of her labia.
I imagined spreading her outer and inner labia and seeing creamy specks of her secretions lying between her inner and outer lips. Her clitoris poking out from the top. And then me exposing her clitoral smegma after pulling her prepuce up. And finally smelling and tasting her actual intimate parts. Parts that stained her panties that I have long tasted.
I wanted it but she is not allowing me this pleasure now. But I am so horny. I wanted her to finish this tease. So I imagined again enjoying her imaginary pussy, playing with her creamy vulva with my forefinger. Then enjoying the taste. I wake from the day dream when she speaks again, interrupting my thoughts.
"You like thinking about me? You are a naughty boy" She teased.
Her pretty face and those gorgeous eyes melted my inner soul. She just stared at me. She was enjoying the way she turned me on. Her beauty was even more pronounced close up. Her skin pearly white. And her body scent drives me wild. I wanted to see more of her. To smell her. To taste her forbidden fruit.
Then I feel her hand pull down my zip.
Oh my god as I moaned in anticipation of what she is going to do next. My butt starts to lift off the bed wanting. Her hand dives in and she pulls my very hard erection out. I was already very wet. She begins to lightly trace the length of my penis with her fingers, ending at my testicles. She was exploring the unfamiliar penis. She begins massaging my testicles. I was in heaven.
Only a few months ago she was this innocent young lady entering our lives and now she is about to masturbate me. I begin to hear her moan quietly. My god its turning me on big time. She moves her right knee hard against my balls while she plays with them. I try to kiss her but she moves her face away. Instead she kisses my neck and face then licks my neck. But its driving me crazy, her making out with me.
She then moves up and licks her fingers of her right hand and begins to mix her saliva with my oozing fluid. Lightly rubbing circles over the hole of my engorged head. Oh god it felt so good. Then firmly she pulls down my foreskin exposing the swollen head. She then begins to use her finger tips to massage lightly the wet head in a squeezing motion concentrating entirely on the head.
"Do you like that?" she asked.
"Oh yeah, you are really good!" I moaned.
I try to kiss her hair and neck and again she denies me. She continued teasing me, slowly massaging my testicles and running her slender fingers along the hard shaft. Every now and then she would return to the head and use that squeezing motion with her finger tips using her saliva. I was enjoying her technique. Then it changes. She gripped the shaft and slowly moved her right hand up and down. Oh god she really driving me crazy.
I lied there my mind exploding with excitement as she tortured me. I feel my hip rotate and pump slowly. My arms fall open flat on the bed above my head. She stares into my eyes, clearing turning me into putty, to be moulded and manipulated.
"Oh yeah. You like this?" She repeated licking her beautiful lips.
"You really like me? I'm not going to let you forget me."
She continued teasing me with that very pretty smile.
I closed my eyes as I moaned in pleasure. Suddenly I 'see' the door to her room open. It was Julie. Back early for some unknown reason. There was no shock or word said. Julie just stood there watching in silent but massaging herself through her clothing as she watched Ashley masturbate me. She moans excitedly as she watched how Ashley masturbates a man.
I moan with excitement of the dual pleasure of Ashley giving me a handjob and Julie watching me enjoying it. Oh god I am so turned on. My stomach ripples in pleasure and my hips continues it rhythmic slow pumping. Then again I wake up from that trance when Ashley speaks again.
"Oh yeah, you really like it." She repeats again.
I moaned acknowledging her. My arms throw back on the bed in ecstasy, as my body resigns to the inevitable. Oh god I am so turned on.
She reads the signs. Signs that I am ready to cum. Her stroking becomes a little quicker. I moan a little more. She stares into my eyes, smiling. Oh god she so pretty. I start to lose it. Her moaning and breathing intensifies. I feel her hand alter its position to a more firmer grip as she sees the signs. Then immediately the slower stroking turns into frenzied masturbation. She starts to moan loudly, talking dirty to me as furiously masturbated very very fast. Her right hand becomes a complete blur. My eyes literally pop out. I see the excited pleasure in her beautiful eyes as she sends me to heaven. I hear her moaning even louder. Excited by what what's she doing to me. She was rather enthusiastically when she gets going.
The sound of her frenzied handjob competes with our moaning. She begins to kiss me all over, very excited by her control.
Oh god I know now how she masturbates a guy. She is really good. I am taken back how excited she gets. I really would never have known if she did not catch me.
My head rolls in pleasure. My body controlled by her. Her relentless masturbating does not slow. Yet I can still hear her repeating.
"Oh yeah, you really like this!"
I hear her moaning loudly with excitement now and it was turning me on even more.
I am starting to cum very quickly. She senses the moment and jerks even more furiously. She frantically tries to pull up my shirt over my chest exposing my convulsing torso, so that my cum will not stain it. And continues the frenzied pace. I scream out in pleasure as I throw back my head and arms.
I explode. My cum flies out with so much force such as the extreme pleasure she was giving me. And it still landed on my shirt, drenching it. Ashley does not stop and keeps pumping me. I try to stop her but she pushes my hand away. Thick streaks of my cum forms along the shaft as she continues jerking. She slows down now.
Then proceeds to lick the thick cum from the shaft and head. I moan with pleasure as she licks and sucks me clean. Then with a pretty smile kisses me directly on my mouth. I can taste my own cum but it was turning me on.
She gets back up on her left elbow and continues to massage the still hard shaft. She didn't say anything as I feel her hand moving faster again. My god I think she wants to make me cum again. In an instant she did indeed start to masturbate me into a frenzy again. The pleasurable look on her pretty face was evidence of a girl who likes to masturbate guys.
"Oh yeah, oh yeah, you really like it!" She again repeats.
I again try to stop her. Again she pushes my hand away. It was really pleasure and pain. More pleasure I think as I enjoyed the way she masturbated me. But after a minute I realised it was not possible. She slows down and stops. I grab her pretty face. I wanted to see more of her. I wanted to see her naked. I want to see everything. Despite just giving me an amazing handjob and being extremely worked up she brushes away my hand. I thought that this will be the moment I get to see her pussy.
She declines and gets up to tidy up in the bathroom. Then she walks out the door giving me a little wave as she walked pass.
I lay on her bed satisfied. I have now experienced how she masturbates a guy. The technique she uses. And I have really enjoyed it. But it was a little half fill as I continued to dream about her body. I wanted to return the favor. The pleasure she gave me. I wanted to touch her more. To see her pleasure. Make her feel good. To watch her cum.