He was out there; I could feel his eyes upon me. He did not know that I knew he was there and that made things even better. I liked him to watch me through the window. He was there almost every night now and I made sure that it was worth his time to be there behind the tree in my backyard. I left all of the curtains open and lights on so he had a good view inside.
The first time I became aware of him I was angry that he would dare peep in my window. But when the realization of what an opportunity I had in my own back yard sank in I was totally turned on. You see I am a secret exhibitionist. I like to show myself off but I don't want anyone to know of my naughty side. My Peeping Tom watched and I did not know him, so I was not shy. It was like having permission to be bad and that was a very good thing.
Things started off innocent enough. I walked around my home in a cotton tank and pair of comfy boxers. The tank top was old and getting thin, and you could see my pink nipples through it. The boxers were big and baggy, but I rolled them down my hips just to the top of my ass crack. This outfit was nothing fancy, but it was comfortable and it looked pretty sexy. I stood in front of the window and looked at my own reflection in the window. I knew he was there and I stood with the light behind me to outline my body. I pretended I did not know he was there and I was just looking outside at the night sky. The light was behind me silhouetting my body and teasing his eyes.
I reached up and pretended to stretch and arched my back, my nipples were hard and they thrust forward against the soft thin cotton. I tilted my head back while doing this and shook my hair loose. Then I lowered my arms to the back of my neck and lifted my long brown waves up off my neck and rubbed it with my other hand pretending my neck was sore. I shook my waist length hair and let it fall down my back in loose waves. Then I ran my hands through its silky soft length. I was getting hot and I knew he was too, yes, I could see his shadow behind the tree still. My lips had a mind of their own and twitched slightly upwards. I moistened them with the tip on my pink tongue making them shine.
I walked over to the TV and found something to pretend to watch. I sank down to the couch. Should I go ahead and let him see more than he ever dreamed of? I had never really done anything like this before and it was making me wet just thinking about it. Just thinking about really going through with my dirty thoughts was giving me the courage I needed to follow them through. I got up and turned the overhead light off and turned on the dimmer table lamp. It lit up where I was sitting and nothing else with a soft yellow glow. He could still see me sitting on the couch in a pool of soft light, the rest of the room in darkness except for the flickering television screen.
I pretended to watch TV but my mind was a million miles from the program in front of me. I lowered my hands to the bottom of my shirt and slid them up my flat stomach. The thrill of letting him watch me feel myself made my breath quicken and my breasts heave. I had not even done really raunchy yet. I caressed my soft stomach skin feeling the taught muscles beneath. My hands trailed upwards to my pert breasts and hard nipples. I closed my eyes and trailed my fingers around each nipple making them even harder. I squeezed each breast gently and it felt so wonderful. I pulled the tank top up to the bottom of my breasts showing my flat stomach with the cute little dragonfly that pierced my bellybutton glimmering in the dim light.
This was so hot that I pulled the shirt up over my head and threw it on the floor beside my feet. The cool air upon my exposed breasts made my nipples pucker up and harden even more than they had been before. My hands were moving with a mind of their own now. I wished I had some lotion for my hands to spread upon my breasts but I had not planned this, it was a very spur of the moment. So I licked my fingers and made my nipples slippery. I was feeling that familiar tingle in my pussy it would not be long before my hands would be inside those boxers giving my wet pussy the attention it was crying out for.
The big question here, was I going to continue or should I shut the lights off and finish what I had started? Would my friend behind the bush move on if I showed him everything too quickly? I decided to keep something for another night of fun. I flicked off the TV with the remote and picked up my shirt but did not put it on. My breasts were swollen from my attentions and they swayed gently as I walked to the lamp. I bent to reach under the lamp and before I turned it off the light fell directly onto my damp breasts making them shine in the lamplight. I turned the knob and darkness fell. I could feel his disappointment through the glass but I knew he would be back. I smiled to myself with the pleasure.
I walked topless through my house shutting off the lights and going into my bedroom. I threw my shirt on the bed. I was horny as hell and showing myself to my friend outside my window was very exciting. I clicked the lights out and pulled off my boxers. The cool night air felt so nice upon my bare body. It caressed me with its coolness and made my warm spots tingle. My hands itched to touch my soft pussy, but not yet. I had wished earlier for some lotion so I was going to do exactly that. A massage was just what I wanted. I went to my night table and got my favourite jasmine scented lotion. I lay down upon my bed with my pillows propped behind me. As I opened the lotion the smell of the jasmine assaulted my nose and as always made me wet. It was such a sensual smell and always seemed to make me more excited.
I tilted the bottle and let the lotion dribble out onto my bare breasts. The coldness made my breasts flinch but it felt very erotic on my warm skin. I lay the bottle beside me and let my hands glide over my soft smooth breasts feeling the hard nipple in the center of each one. The lotion made my hands slip over my chest with ease and made my pussy tingle in anticipation. My breath was coming quicker now and I was mashing my hands into my slick but smooth skin. I could feel it building deep within me, the heat, was very intense and coming quicker now. It would not be much longer and I would reach my climax. My hands worked my nipples pressing them into my chest and then pulling them out till it pinched a bit.
I moaned and my back arched. My hands slid underneath my breast and kneaded that secret soft spot. Back up around to the center to tease my nipples, pushing and pulling them quickly. It happened, my soft hot pussy was flooded with my warm juices. The pink lips contracting with each wave and pushing more pussy juice down my thighs to make a pool upon my sheets. I slowly released the muscles of my ass and the tension of my climax was released. I was limp from the intensity of my orgasm. I slept peacefully and did not wake till the next morning.
Would my watcher return? I hoped he would, in fact I was sure he would be back. With this thought in the back of my mind all day long I actually could not wait till evening to come. I had put a nice new bottle of that jasmine lotion on the end table beside the remote. Was this being a tease? Perhaps, but he was there to watch was he not?
It seemed like the day was endless, time dragged slowly by. Maybe because I was anticipating being watched. You know the old adage, a watched pot never boils, and well it's true. I was going stir crazy waiting. Maybe I should make a few plans on just what I wanted to do. How far should I take things? It had felt so wonderful to show him my breasts the night before. Just thinking of it was making my panties wet. I needed to think of something else and quickly or I would never last till nightfall.
Finally after a long day of waiting night was falling and I was so ready for my visitor to arrive. I did not turn on the bright lights tonight but just the dim table lamp that pooled it's light over my couch. I went through the motions of pretending it was a normal night at home, but deep down I knew this was something new for me. I puttered around the kitchen for a bit and made sure to splash water on my shirt making it cling to my body. I could feel his eyes upon me, my mouth curved in a grin. I could see the dim outline of his body behind the tree. I pretended to wipe the water off my shirt but in reality I was pressing it against my skin making the shirt cling even tighter.
The kitchen work was finished, so I grabbed a big glass of water and shut the lights off and left the room. I went into my bedroom to change, but tonight I left the curtains wide open. I pulled my wet shirt up over my head exposing my creamy white breasts. The cold water had puckered my nipples making them hard and erect. I lowered my hands to the waistband of my jeans unbuttoning the button and lowering the fly. I had waited all day for this, to expose myself to the eyes outside. I tugged the snug jeans down my hips and dropped them on the floor. I was standing there in my pink cotton bikini panties and that was all. It felt deliciously wicked. I bent over to pick up my clothes from the floor making sure that he could see my profile and the curve of my breasts from behind the tree.
I walked over to the clothes hamper and dropped the dirty clothes inside. Then I pulled off the panties giving him a view of my round ass and tossed them inside with my other clothes. However I did not show him my pussy yet, let the anticipation build. I wanted him hard and not able to keep his hands from his cock. I pulled the baggy boxers from the night before on and covered my lower half. I turned and walked over to the dresser, my breasts swaying in time with my hips and pulled another thin cotton tank top from the drawer. Before pulling it over my head I took the elastic out of my hair and let it fall around my shoulders. The softness caressing and ticking me, I tossed it behind my back and gave it a shake to loosen it up into it natural waves. I knew that my breasts were swaying with each movement and that it must look very sensual.
To make things look normal I knew I had to put my top on, but I really did not want to. Sighing to myself I pulled the tank top over my head, then reached and pulled my long brown hair out to billow behind me. I turned on the bedside lamp and turned the overhead light off, let the show begin now. Yes this was just a preview of what was to come, no pun intended. The scene was set in the bedroom if I chose to go there, I smiled to myself and turned and walked from the room. I walked into the dimly lit living room and plopped myself onto the couch in front of the TV. Like last night I pretended to look for a good show. I found something I might watch, but I have no clue what it was. I was not watching it, but thinking of the man outside looking in instead.
I stretched out and placed one hand upon my stomach. My fingers lazily played with the hem of the tank top, this one was a bit shorter and tighter than the one I wore last night. It slowly rode up over my bellybutton letting the dragonfly glitter in the dim light. My fingers trailed over my smooth stomach back and forth, their soft touch teasing the eyes outside and myself. Slowly my hands went further up to my breasts touching the nipples and feeling the cotton between my fingers and breasts was maddening. The shirt had to go soon. I let my head fall back my hair fall around me like a chocolate colored cloud. My hands were kneading my soft breasts and mashing the soft cotton into them. My hands had a mind of their own and before I realized it the shirt was off and my hands were touching my bare breasts.
I could no longer ignore my pussy, it was screaming for attention too. I quickly pulled the boxers off and lay upon the couch my hands caressing my body everywhere. My hand went to my pussy and stroked it gently. I opened my legs wide giving my friend outside a good look at my pink moist pussy lips. The inner lips glistened in the light and my finger could feel the wetness. I dipped my finger inside and brought it to my mouth and licked it clean. It tasted as sweet as it smelled; there is no other taste or smell in the world like a woman when she is ready for love. My clit was red and swollen and crying out for my fingers to just touch it. But I did not, not yet anyway.
I was naked on my couch; legs spread wide and totally turned on. I reached for that bottle of jasmine lotion. I opened it and the scent of jasmine assaulted my nostrils. My breath was coming quicker already. I drizzled the lotion onto my exposed breast and repeated last nights massage. But tonight I was not going to climax as quickly. I knew his eyes were riveted upon me and nothing was going to pull them off of my window now. However I could see he was no longer behind the tree, he was in front of the tree standing in plain view. He was a dark siloutte still. I looked out the window directly at him letting him know I could see him.
I lowered my hands to my wet pussy, stroking it silky smoothness. The heat was there waiting for my hands to fulfill its needs. However I choose to tease. I looked at the watcher once more and then I lowered my head to the back of the couch. I sat with one hand upon my breasts and one between my wide-open legs. My hand stroked up and then down and it felt so sensual and erotic I almost came right away. I lowered my other hand and stretched my nether lips wide-open so he could see right inside of my glistening wet pussy. Then I lowered one finger inside feeling its silky smoothness. I moved it slowly within myself finding the secret little spot that makes women gush out their juices. Oh this was delicious. I pulled my finger out of my pussy and licked it clean once again.
Then lowered my hand once more. This time I inserted two fingers inside as far as they would reach. I slowly but gently fucked myself with my fingers. I was totally oblivious to the man outside my window now. I could care less if he was there or not. I think I would almost have let him in to fuck me by this point. I was self absorbed in masturbating and did not notice the face peering into the window. My hand slid in and out of my dripping pussy and was quickening its pace with each stroke. I forced my hand to slow its pace and looked up to see if my friend was still watching, but he was not there anymore.
Where did he go? Why did he leave? I was saddened by his departure. I could not stop what I had started though. I continued assaulting my pussy with my hand. I thought I might well finish off if my audience was gone. I heard a noise outside, the sound of one of my patio chairs being moved beneath the window. So he did not leave after all, my hand slowed its pace and my mouth curved upwards involuntarily. I continued fucking myself slowly but raised my head to look out the window, I could see his shape sitting on my deck and his hand was stroking his cock. I watched him liking the effect I was having on a strange man. He was so close but yet so far away and I needed a good fucking.
I stood and walked to the window and opened it wide. I stood there letting the cool night air wash over my exposed burning skin. My hands lifted each full breast and caressed them. I looked directly at him with my burning eyes letting him know he could come inside if he so chose. I turned and slowly walked back to the couch and lay down upon it. I threw one leg up over the back and let one foot touch the floor. I continued to touch myself wishing it were the man outside touching me. My body was burning to be touched and my pussy was burning to be fucked. I drove my fingers deep inside and fucked myself. I had no more control now, what was to happen would. I could feel the tension building and it needed released soon. I teased my swollen red clit with one hand, flicking the bud between my fingers while fucking my red pussy lips with my other hand. My hips were arching upwards and I knew soon I would have one of the largest orgasms I had ever had in my entire life.
God I had never felt like this before and I totally loved it. It was coming the release my body was screaming out for. I could feel it building deep within me and my mind was screaming for it to come. Yessss I was cuming, it felt like I was melting inside and what had melted was pouring out of my pussy and gushing over my fingers. My pussy clenched my fingers like a vice and with each squeeze a new wave of cum flowed from between my pussy lips to flow over my hand. My hand was soaked, the couch was soaked, the room smelled of pussy juice and I was a heap of spent woman. I could not move so I lay on the couch in the puddle of my own making and just enjoyed the sensations flowing through me.
As I lay there I heard a soft whisper "Thank you. Good-bye my sweet lady." He would not return for what could top what had just occurred? It was one the most erotic experiences in my entire life and entirely perfect.