Todd stood open-mouthed watching as Megan and Kayleigh moved around the bed before finally laying down over it. Both were fully undressed now, Megan's paler skin contrasting against Kayleigh's slight suntan even in the room light. If Todd felt any disappointment deep down that Megan was in the same position he'd imagined himself in over the last few weeks of watching her, his erection told otherwise.
If Kayleigh had been the object of his lust before, now he didn't know where to look. His eyes darted between them both as they writhed together, twisting this way and that until Kayleigh sat up, sitting astride Megan's hips. She stared over at Todd, catching his eye before closing hers as Megan's hands snaked up her body and played with her heavy breasts. While her hands were squeezing and twisting Kayleigh's nipples, Kayleigh slid one of her hands behind her and between Megan's thighs. Her finger found Megan's clit, Megan's hips thrusting upwards as the pleasure flooded through her.
Todd had gone into auto-pilot and was stroking gently, watching intently, his full concentration on the house opposite. He watched as they paused, moving around so that they were both lying on their sides, and his cock jerked as he watched Megan bury her head between Kayleigh's thighs, her tongue working its magic while her legs clamped Kayleigh in place between them. Both bodies shook as they eventually came within seconds of each other, slumping away from each other, until Megan got up, looked directly at Todd and smiled as she wiped her mouth and face clean.
Kayleigh leaned over and took the dildo from her bedside drawer and laying Megan down, ran it along her wet pussy while watching Todd. Megan's back arched as the dildo slid through her wet folds and across her clit, Kayleigh teasing her with it. Getting her on the way to orgasm again Kayleigh stopped. she handed the dildo to Megan and they swapped places. Megan teased her as Kayleigh had done to her, and then lifted a leg onto her shoulder. Holding the dildo against her groin, she stared over at Todd as she thrust the dildo into Kayleigh, making her cry out.
Still watching Todd she held the dildo in place and fucked Kayleigh with it, long hard thrusts making Kayleigh, and in particular her large breasts, rock backwards and forwards across the bed. Todd watched as he watched Kayleigh's body movements, having watched her enough to know she was going to cum soon. Leaving the dildo fully inside her, Megan sank her head and licked Kayleigh's clit. Watching Kayleigh cum made Todd shoot too, his cum flying across the floor as he quickly shuffled to the edge of his bed.
Looking back over, Kayleigh had stuck the dildo to the headboard now, and Megan backed up onto it. Putting Megan's hands onto the headboard behind her she pushed against her, keeping the dildo in her and sliding a hand down over her clit. Todd watched Megan shout out as she came also only a few minutes later. Despite what was on show for him, his cock didn't want to play anymore. Sore from masturbation his cock hung semi-erect, red and in need of a rest. Todd himself was tired, and reluctantly he closed his curtains to go to sleep.
He didn't hear Megan return home later, and didn't see her the next morning as she was still in bed. coming back from college later she came into his bedroom to him.
"Were you unhappy with us last night?" she asked.
"No, why?" Todd answered.
"Kayleigh thought you might be seeing her with me, I told her you wanted to fuck her," Megan replied.
"What, I've never said that," Todd grumbled, "I said I didn't want to spoil things."
"So you do want to fuck her? Good, because she wants us both to go over on Friday night," Megan told him, "and if I was you, I'd try not to masturbate too much before then."
Todd couldn't believe what she was saying and stood open-mouthed as she left his room. Kayleigh wanted to fuck him? Oh man, he had an erection just saying it to himself.
Kayleigh didn't appear in her window over the next few days, Todd missing their shows but knew Friday would make up for it. The days seemed to last forever, time seemed to have stood still, but eventually, it was Friday afternoon and he finished college, especially eager to get home today. Seeing how over-excited he was, Megan told him to play on his video games for a while to take his mind off it. She'd told his dad and Joanne that they were both going out later and didn't know what time they'd be back, his dad looking particularly pleased that the two youngsters were getting on.
Joanne said they were out too, and she was going to get ready. Todd had his headphones on but didn't have the sound on too high. Seeing something out of the corner of his eye he looked up to see someone naked on the landing. They were using a towel to dry their hair, the towel covering their face so they didn't see Todd. His erection quickly grew. They'd stopped as they couldn't see where they were walking, Todd thinking Megan was teasing him. Hands moved the towel and Todd saw red hair, longer than he'd expected. There was also an unfamiliar birthmark under the right breast. The towel moved and Joanne, seemingly not realising that Todd was watching through his open door, walked slowly into her room.
She was almost a body double of her daughter. Slightly thicker thighs, a little bigger around the arse area maybe, but not a lot more. Taking the headphones off, he listened out for the sound of Megan and his dad. He could hear them both talking downstairs. He could hear a bed creaking, and sneaked out of his room. The door to his dad's room was ajar a little, enough to peer through, but Todd didn't want to push it open any more. Looking in, he couldn't see Joanne directly but could see a reflection of her in her mirrored wardrobe doors.
Her long red hair, still damp from her shower, hung down into her cleavage, especially as she leaned forward and pulled on black stockings. She already had on a black suspender belt and fastened the stockings to it. Standing, she looked at herself in the mirror, turning to look at her arse too, bending over the bed and mock wolf-whistling herself at the sight. Standing straight, Todd thought she'd heard him as she stood still, listening. Hearing Megan and Todd's dad downstairs, and the sound from Todd's console, she sat on the corner of the bed, hitched her knees up and her legs wide, and stared at her pussy.
Todd couldn't see her face now but had a perfect view through the mirror of her wet folds. Like Megan, she was shaved completely, and her pussy squelched as she slid a finger along it. Todd heard her groan, her hand moving faster and faster. Todd couldn't resist any more and released his cock, stroking slowly. Her hand became a blur, now and again she'd pause and listen out, then continue again. Todd watched as her back started to arch off the bed, her groans getting louder and then being subdued, unbeknownst to Todd because she was biting on a pillow to quieten herself.
Her other hand moved down and she pushed three fingers into herself, rubbing her clit faster still. Then the door opened downstairs. Todd heard Joanne swear as he rushed into his room as quickly yet quietly as he could, hearing footsteps coming up the stairs. Megan walked into him, telling him to be ready in twenty minutes. She didn't notice him hiding his erection with his duvet. He heard her go into her mum and start talking, her mum telling her she hadn't long got out of the shower. Just as she'd gone downstairs Joanne appeared in his doorway, the towel wrapped tightly around her.
"We'll both say nothing about that, got it?" she told him sternly.
She'd obviously seen him through the mirror too. Damn. But, when? She hadn't stopped if she'd seen him early. He heard her laughing from her bedroom. Megan shouted him down, bringing him back to his senses. He'd dressed casually in a t-shirt and shorts, but Megan was wearing a long-sleeved jumpsuit. He asked if they were going out anywhere and Megan told him no, and laughed at him. Walking over to Kayleigh's, Todd found himself getting nervous waiting for the door to open.
Kayleigh opened it, she was wearing jeans and a jumper. Todd looked at her a little puzzled, he was warm in his clothes, she must have been very hot wearing those. They went in and Kayleigh led them to the kitchen. She handed Todd a bottle of beer and poured two large glasses of wine for herself and Megan. They chatted casually for a while until the drinks were finished, and then Megan looked at Kayleigh.
"Right, that's enough chit-chat, it's starting to get dark outside now," she giggled.
She unzipped her jumpsuit and slid it off her shoulders. It fell to the floor, revealing her black bodystocking, her nipples already erect and pointing at them both. Kayleigh undid her jeans and slid them off while Megan pulled her jumper off for her. Kayleigh was wearing a bodystocking too, the same style but in white. It struggles to contain her large breasts, the sheer fabric stretched tightly across them, her nipples threatening to push through. Looking at Todd and giggling, the ladies held hands and ran out through the french windows into the garden.
Todd looked on amazed. They ran about carelessly, laughing out loud and seemingly oblivious to anyone else being around. Hearing a window open next door, both of them dodged out of sight behind bushes, giggling still. Todd heard someone shout out and ask who was there, the ladies giggling again. Hearing the window close again, Kayleigh pointed at Todd.
"Come on Todd, you're still undressed," she said.
She beckoned him with her finger, and he went to walk towards them. Kayleigh stopped him, telling him he needed to undress first. He did so, slowly, carefully, finally moving outside a little and looking all around. Taking a deep breath he walked to where Kayleigh was. Megan was sat by the next bush over and winked at Kayleigh.
"How much do you want this?" Kayleigh asked, adding "stupid question" as Todd looked down at his erection.
She slid her hand softly along his shaft, tracing along the underside of it, watching it jerk at her touch. She knelt in front of him and slid him into her mouth. Todd threw his head back and groaned loudly, her mouth clamping around him. She licked and slobbered on the end of it, then started feeding more and more into her mouth, until she had all seven inches in fairly comfortably. She started to suck him, slow and carefully, Todd hearing moans and looking over, saw Megan with two fingers in her pussy as she watched them.
Todd looked down at her mouth enveloping his shaft, her heaving nylon-clad bosom beyond, then back at Megan, eyes closed now as the pleasure took over. Using just her mouth now, Kayleigh's hands reached around and gripped his buttocks, her nails digging into his flesh. Her mouth moved quicker and quicker, her hands pulling his buttocks apart, cool air hitting his arsehole. Suddenly Megan was kneeling by his side, slightly behind him, her fingers wet and slippy. He felt something on his arsehole, and flinched and jumped as Megan shoved a finger into him.
It stung at first but felt weirdly good. He tried to block it out by focusing on the mouth on his cock, but Megan started fucking his arse matching the rhythm of Kayleigh. He remembered her fingering her arse, the look of pleasure on her face, and now he sort of understood. He started moving his hips, fucking Kayleigh's mouth, and as though she sensed him getting ready to cum, Megan pushed her finger right in.
Todd groaned loudly as Kayleigh clamped her mouth harder still, keeping him inside as he shot his load, spurt after spurt flowing down her throat. Kayleigh swallowed it all eagerly, licking her lips after, then kissing Megan as they exchanged fluids. Standing up, they led him back inside.
The bedroom curtains were closed, probably the first time they had been. Kayleigh told him she hoped he had more to spare, and giggled at him. Sitting him at the bottom edge of the bed, she positioned Megan on her back and squatted over her face, lowering herself onto Megan's tongue. Todd watched intently as she arched her back as she rode Megan's face, grinding her hips across her. Seeing Todd had an erection again so soon, she paused but keeping Megan's head in between her thighs rolled onto her side, her head landing by Todd's thighs. She reached a hand out and fed Todd's cock into her mouth once more. Todd closed his eyes and when he opened them again he noticed Kayleigh flicking her eyes down across the bed, Todd didn't know what she meant. Taking her mouth off him momentarily, Kayleigh looked up at him.
"Megan's pussy needs some attention," she said, going back to slurping on his cock.
Megan's pussy was indeed neglected, both of her hands busy seeing to Kayleigh's needs. Laying himself down slowly, leaning on his right arm, Todd slid his fingers across her wet labia. Megan jumped, but with her head between Kayleigh's thighs, she couldn't see. Todd slid three fingers in, trying to watch what she was doing to Kayleigh. He slid his fingers in fast, finger fucking her and enjoyed seeing her body arch as the pleasure rushed through her. He saw how Kayleigh liked Megan's tongue action and decided to try it himself.
Todd bowed his head down and stuck out his tongue, prodding it right into Megan's folds, pulling back. He didn't know what taste to expect, but it wasn't as bad as he was expecting. He put his head back and licked along her pussy. Megan arched more, her moans louder from between Kayleigh's legs, more so when he found her clit. She seemed to like that, so he left his tongue there. He remembered what she'd done for him, so sliding his fingers out he pushed them into her arse. Megan jumped and squealed, her arse gripping his fingers. As he pushed them into her, he applied more pressure with his tongue, and soon Megan was squealing as she came, surprising Todd as she squirted over his face.
He pulled back, Kayleigh pushing him away gently as she rolled Megan onto her back. Getting on all fours she looked back over her shoulder at Todd.
"What the fuck did you do, she liked that?" she asked.
"She likes to finger her arse," Todd explained.
"Right, good, now get behind me and fuck me," Kayleigh instructed.
She lowered her head and started to lick at Megan, pushing her legs up and spreading them wide. Her plump arse pointed invitingly at Todd, a little pocket of excitement unhidden by the nylon of the bodystocking. Todd shuffled forward and entered her.
"Not too fast at first," Kayleigh asked.
Todd started fucking her at a steady pace, his hands wandering over her thighs and back, enjoying the feel of the nylon encasing her body. Megan squealed again as Kayleigh introduced her fingers to Megan's arse, desperately trying to hold her legs in place as she bucked her hips up off the bed at her. Around a minute later Megan came again, her body lay limp on the bed as her orgasm subsided.
Kayleigh stopped Todd and turned over. Lying on her back she pulled Megan over her, her tongue finding Megan's clit instantly. Hitching her legs up and clamping her hands on Megan's back to keep her in place, she wiggled her hips at Todd. Todd slid his cock into her effortlessly, he gripped her ankles to keep her legs up and also to help him balance. Megan's arse was right in front of him, Kayleigh reaching down with one hand and thrusting three fingers back into Megan's arse. She bucked but Kayleigh held her firm, quickly telling Todd to fuck her harder.
Todd couldn't get his gaze off Kayleigh fingering Megan's arse, he was mesmerised, but moved a hand and rubbed it over Kayleigh's pussy. She arched her back at him as he found her clit, and urged him to go faster. Megan came again, Todd watching as her juices flowed down her thighs, the gusset of the bodystocking a wet sticky mess. Not long after Kayleigh came too, squirting over Todd's cock and her juices leaking and running down her arse. She fell forward onto the bed next to Megan, both lying on their fronts.
Todd stayed kneeling, his erection jutting out still, not knowing what to do for the best. Kayleigh eventually turned and saw him there.
"Did you not cum?" she asked.
Todd shook his head no. Kayleigh looked to her side, Megan's peachy arse looking very tempting. She grinned.
"Megan hasn't had your cock yet as she?" she smirked at Todd.
"She told me she doesn't want to fuck me," Todd answered.
"Really? She's already let you cum on her tits and in her mouth, you really think she doesn't want to?" Kayleigh told him.
She reached over and pulled Megan's buttocks apart, her arsehole still open and wet.
"I want to watch you fuck her arse Todd, and I'll let you watch me use the dildo on mine too," she grinned.
She turned Megan slightly to face the headboard, not getting much resistance from Megan's limp body. Picking up a mirror she placed it against the headboard and stuck the dildo to it. She put as much saliva over the dildo as she could, rubbing her arsehole with the juices from her pussy, then turned and pushed back onto the dildo. The mirror gave Todd a perfect view as her arse engulfed the dildo until it was all inside her. Kayleigh nodded down towards Megan.
Todd propped himself up on one hand and used the other to guide himself until his cock nudged against her hole. He pushed in gently, his cock sliding in easier than he'd expected. Megan groaned as he pushed in, slowly and surely until all seven inches were inside.
"Put your hands on the small of her back," Kayleigh urged.
Megan started moving about, Todd putting his hands down forced his weight on her and kept her still. He started fucking her, feeling Megan pushing back with her hips. She groaned loudly with each thrust of Todd's cock, Todd himself stuck between watching his cock slide into her and watching the dildo in Kayleigh. Her heavy breasts swung about as she fucked the dildo at the same pace as Todd fucked Megan. Her moans and groans intertwined with Megan's, Todd grunting more as he got closer. He knew he wouldn't hold out much longer.
"You getting close Todd? Me too. Fuck her harder Todd. Put a hand under her and rub her clit and make Megan cum again too," Kayleigh panted.
Todd watched as her own hand wandered between her legs, he saw little wet smears on the mirror where her pussy lips had flicked against the glass. Moving one hand into the middle of her back he reached the other underneath Megan.
"Oooooohhhh Fuck!" Megan screamed as his fingers found her clit. She pushed her hips up more, trying to get onto all fours but not budging Todd. The nylon of the bodystocking rubbed against his stomach as entered her, his legs rubbing against her nylon-clad legs as he thrust harder and faster.
Kayleigh cried out as she came, a river flooding from her pussy and running down the mirror as she screamed out loud, her whole body spasming as he continued to finger her clit throughout her orgasm. Todd knew he wasn't far off, and feeling Megan start to cum also set him off. Megan's body shook and Todd pushed right into her, flooding deep into her arse he came, spurt after spurt shooting into her. Megan cried out as he did so, Todd slowly taking his cock from her. He looked down at her gaping hole, a line of cum linking her arse to his cock, a sperm chain that reached far inside her.
Kayleigh was suddenly by his side, dipping her head down and licking his cock clean when she saw his semen start to trickle from Megan's arse. Quickly she bent towards it, pulled Megan's buttocks apart and licked the gooey mess as it seeped out.
Todd hoped that evening wasn't the last of their special threesomes.