I don't even remember who told me about the house across the street from my high rise condo building but I believe it was a former owner who mentioned that the woman who rented the top 3rd floor of the house facing us had the propensity to lounge around in the nude, frequently standing in front of the window. Piquing my lascivious interests, if I had to get up at night for any reason I'd casually stroll past the balcony slider in the hopes that she'd be performing.
Years went by and nothing. I thought it must either be urban legend or she had long left the neighborhood. But I still found the story titillating so why not keep checking? Couldn't hurt and anyway it was on the way to the kitchen so if she didn't appear I could still make a sandwich.
One night about 2am I hopped out of bed and took my stroll around the window (you long ago knew where this was going, right?) and I caught just a flash of someone crossing in the light. I did the quintessential double take and backed up. Again it happened and this time because I was paying attention I could see it was a woman and she was clearly naked. Acting like I'd had a Bigfoot sighting I went running for my binoculars in hopes she'd still be there. Okay, Okay, I know this comes across as a little teenagerish but I've always believed that a vast swath of men's brains are on the level of a 13 year old so judge if you must.
My lights were off so I assumed she couldn't see me. She started touching herself and before I knew it she got it rolling like an Amsterdam red light district display window. The only obvious purpose in doing what she was doing was to attract the weaker of the species, like hanging a bug zapper in the patio. In this neighborhood it was the unexpected because there were a very limited number of viewing angles, a very limited number of possible interested parties and...I couldn't take my eyes off her.
Her long dark red hair fell across her bare breasts. It started to turn me on and without thinking my underwear dropped to the floor and I was holding my dick in one hand and the binoculars with the other. It was like a neighborhood peep show and this girl was working it. Her hands roamed her luscious body like she knew I was there and every move calculated to get me off. I watched her for a time until I absentmindedly shot my wad on the dining room carpet. Wow, what was going on here?
Very unusual for me to forget where I was and do something like that but this was an unusual circumstance. I'd have to clean that in the morning...
The following night I couldn't help but see if she was back on stage so I popped up at 2am and, as if on cue, there was the nameless, unidentified window girl that caused my carpet to have to be steam-cleaned. At least this time I didn't have to go running for the binoculars because I left them in the ready position from the night before. I kept thinking, who is this meant for? Not wanting to waste a perfectly good situation I just took it all in and suspended the questions, oh, and took towel precautions to save myself a carpet bill.
The next night, ditto, there she was again and touching herself in ways I didn't know could be done. I kept the lights off as usual so I could see her but she couldn't see me. Still, why did it feel like she was performing just for me? I decided there had to be somebody else in my building watching her. I climaxed again and went to bed.
In the morning when I stepped out on my way to work there was a folded note slipped partially under the door. It read:
"I hope you've been enjoying me as much as I've enjoyed watching you. If you'd like to get closer just invite me over. See you tonight". And she signed it, 'Your girl'.
Let me just say I was not a little freaked out but a LOT freaked out. Questions are flying around my head like, 'How did she know I was standing there?', 'How did she get in the building since it's a locked security building?', 'Do the house owners know she's doing this?', 'Are any other voyeurs seeing this besides me?', and on and on until I'm starting to think I'm losing my marbles or what is left of my marbles.
As to her suggestion that I invite her over, I was petrified that somehow I'd gotten in the sphere of a possible psycho and I was headed for an early exit if I gave the go ahead to this liason. 'Fatal Attraction' anyone? On the other hand, chimed in my little brain, this might be one of those things that you fantasize about forever but never actually happens and it might be the opportunity of a lifetime. But I knew nothing about her so I was playing a dangerous game by biting on this invitation.
I thought about it all day long and there was a very heated argument between my sex drive and my better judgement. In the end, my better judgement was losing the argument because she had managed to get me off 3 days in a row all the way from a window across the street. Imagine what she might be able to do up close and personal? I know, it's a flimsy argument but the cock wants what the cock wants. Logic be damned.
That evening I got up at 2am again and, right on schedule, there she was showing off her wares so gloriously that I grabbed for my dick without even thinking. Man, I really wanted her badly...so badly I'd risk life and limb to find out what could be, so (still wondering how she could possibly see me in the dark) I waved her over and as soon as I did that she stopped what she was doing and left the window.
Holy shit...
Still, there was no resident up at this hour who might casually let her in so I'm safe there. She'd have to use the security phone and I'd have buzz her up. I'm thinking of all these safeguards because I'm unnerved and regretting that I waved her over...dumb shit...and then faster than it could take you to cross the street she knocked at my door.
Holy shit...
Now I'm excited beyond belief and just about equally afraid. Too late, I had to open the door and when I went to the peephole there was no stopping my hand on the door handle. She was a perfect vision, a woman so exquisite that the door almost opened itself. I was speechless and said little else than "hello", to which she walked past me barefoot, wearing a trench coat. As I followed her to the dining room she stopped at the balcony door window where I'd been standing all these nights and stared across the street where she came from...sort of studying what she might have looked like.
Then, like she had come out of a trance, she turned around to me and very deliberately slid the coat from her nude body till it fell to the floor. Her shape was incredible and I wanted to just take her, but this was her game so I let her dictate what would happen next. Then she took a step toward me and began to remove what little I had on, piece by piece, but with such an erotic touch that you were just hoping this wasn't a dream, that this woman who was stroking my cock was ready for anything.
At the very last of my auto-disrobing she dropped to her knees and took my eager cock in her mouth, sucking and licking my member like a crazed nympho and I was the happy recipient..
Then she said to me, "You can have it any way you want it."
The story has to take a timeout here because that's what my brain did when she spoke those words. I just stood there frozen, almost not comprehending. "You can have it any way you want it." That's what she said and it and everything leading up to those words seemed oddly surreal as if I should be waking up any second with the sheets all twisted up and a cum spot in the middle of the bed. I didn't even know this woman. Then I got tired of trying to logic it out and just went for it. It seemed like she'd do anything I asked. Submissive to the point of asking for nothing in return. Strange but irresistible.
It was late, the early summer weather was mild, even in the night air, so I guided her out the slider on to the deck to spice it up. The possibility of a voyeur or a passing car catching an eyeful of us made me hornier than ever and she even heightened that excitement by asking, "How do you want to fuck me?" I always loved doing it standing up/doggy so I had her grab the deck railing and spread her legs as we both faced the street and I laid into her warm moist pussy. I gently ran my hand over her ample rear while the pumping continued, each ball slap making me want to fuck her harder. She took everything I could give her and in a low voice asked me not to stop. "Fuck me, just fuck me more".
Then I had her lie back on the patio table and went back to work on her while watching her beautiful tits bounce back and forth. I leaned over and kissed her, our tongues getting as much exercise as my cock. She kept saying things like, "You can't fuck me enough" and "It feels so good to have you in me." Everything she said made me hotter and hotter, and then she really surprised me by saying, "I want you to cum inside me. You're safe", so I fucked her harder yet until I released everything.
I gently pulled out and lifted her off the table and held her in my arms for the longest time, the street lights casting a shadow on our naked bodies. Eventually we settled in a deck chair. holding her on my lap with her head on my chest for nearly an hour. It was so sweet and comfortable that I never wanted to move.
It was almost 4am when we went back in and no sooner had we gotten inside then she pushed me to the floor, went down on my cock again and then straddled me cowgirl style while leaning far enough forward so that I could put my mouth around her perfect nipples. Then she humped me until I came in her again. OMG, OMG, OMG...
She very tenderly took me out of her, stood up, put her trench coat back on and started for the door. "Wait", I said, "where are you going?"
"I have to leave now. Did I please you? Did you get enough"
"Well...god, yes, but when can I see you again?"
"I'm sorry, I can't see you anymore." She seemed sad but resigned as she walked out the door, closing it behind her.
"Wait!", I yelled, but as quickly as I got to the door she was gone. I ran through the building down to the lobby but there was no trace of her. I ran back up the other stairwell just on the chance but she was gone. At least I knew where she lived and ran to my balcony but there were no lights in her place. She must have gone to bed right away. I'd have to see her later.
But there never was a later. I never saw her on the street and the lights never came on in the 3rd floor window again. After weeks of hoping and complete and utter puzzlement as to how she could have disappeared like that I saw the couple who owned the house come out on their porch one day. I didn't know how I was going to approach this but I had to know where she went. I couldn't very well tell them how I knew her so I led with a generalization:
"Say, I live across the street in the condos and was just wondering for a friend whether you ever had rental space in your home?"
"We used to", the wife said, "but we haven't had a renter in about 10 years. We used to rent out the 3rd floor to a very pretty young girl but after her we just turned it into attic storage space."
"So no one is living there now?"
"Not since then", said the husband as his wife excused herself to go inside. Looking back to make sure she was gone he continued...
"She died up there. She took enough pills to end her life. She used to confide in my wife that she could never please her boyfriend sexually and he cheated on her. My wife thinks frustration and depression made her do it and after that we felt like we could never rent it out again."
As my heart sank, a shiver went down my spine. "Well, thanks", I said, and headed back to my condo.
About halfway across the street he called out, "You saw her didn't you?"
Without turning around I said, "Ya", and kept on walking...