Mary was a quiet, pretty young lady in her early twenties. She had a slender body with gentle curves and was in good health, or mostly so, but her mother, Julia, was concerned.
"Dr James is very highly regarded, Mary," her mother said placing a reassuring hand on Mary's own hands that lay tightly clasped together like a clamshell in Mary's lap. "In fact, I met her at one of my ladies' meetings. She is very gentle and understanding. I am sure you will both get on well together. You will adore her!"
Julia was a handsome, elegant woman in her late forties who radiated confidence and control.
"And, besides, I can be there with you throughout the consultation, if you would like, so you know there is really nothing to worry about," her mother comforted.
"Yes, I know," replied Mary, "and to be honest, I do want you to be with me. I need your support, Mum. Thanks for being there for me again." Julia smiled and holding her close, kissed Mary's forehead.
At that moment the door to the consulting room opened and a young nurse, of a similar age to Mary, appeared wearing a crisp white uniform. She entered the waiting room and approached the two women.
"Mary Sloan?" She asked, "Dr James can see you now."
Mary and her mother stood up with alacrity and followed the young nurse into the consultation room.
Dr James was seated at her table writing notes and when they entered, she swiftly rose to warmly greet them, shaking both women's hands in turn and putting them instantly at their ease.
Dr James was tall and slender with long brown hair that fell just below her shoulders. Her white coat was worn over a neat fitting navy skirt and a buttoned white blouse over which her stethoscope fell like a crazy necklace. Her breasts were small. Mary felt her eyes drawn towards them and the two dark nipples that she could just make out underneath the thin white linen.
"Sit down, please, make yourselves comfortable," Dr James entreated. "I am very pleased to meet you, Mary," Dr James continued smiling, "and Julia, it is so lovely to see you again so soon!"
"Allow me to introduce you both to my assistant Monica. She is a registered nurse. I have especially asked Monica to sit in on this consultation. She is studying to be a therapist. I find that one learns such a great deal by being involved with patient consultations and, of course, Monica helps me greatly in my examinations."
"One other thing that I should let you know before we start, is that I record all of my consultations on video. I find that when I rewatch them at night, I often pick up subtle clues that can prove critical in the diagnosis and treatment of my patients. Of course the recordings are all encrypted and stored in a highly secure environment that is only accessible by myself."
"I hope that these arrangements are acceptable to you both?"
Mary and Julia nodded their agreement and Dr James pressed the record button under her desk.
"Now that is all out of the way," said Dr James, "how may I help you ladies?"
Mary looked anxiously towards her mother and Dr James and then glanced over towards the young nurse, Monica, whose face was lowered while she studied a medical research paper of some sort.
"Well, umm, Dr...," Mary began nervously.
Dr James looked calmly at Mary while she struggled to find words.
"It's alright, Mary," said Dr James in a soothing manner. "I understand entirely how difficult it can be to talk about these things sometimes."
"Well," said Mary, "it's about down there," she said, vaguely indicating her pelvis with her hands.
Dr James looked over to Julia and nodded almost imperceptibly.
"Darling," Julia tenderly asked Mary, "would you prefer if I explained to Emma?" Emma was Dr James' christian name. Mary, somewhat relieved, nodded her agreement.
"Well, you see, Doctor," Julia started, "it's Mary's cunt," she said bluntly. Dr James nodded thoughtfully.
"Oh, I do hope that is the correct term," Julia continued, glancing from Dr James to her assistant, Monica. "I hope that I have not shocked you."
"Shocked us? No, not at all. 'Cunt' is the term we prefer to use here at the clinic, Julia," Dr James responded matter-of-factly. "We find it is much less confusing to our patients than the usual medical jargon."
"Quite so," agreed Julia with an approving smile.
"Now, Julia," Dr James asked, "what can you tell me about your concerns with Mary's cunt?"
Julia continued: "Well, I am not sure where to start. Mary's cunt appears absolutely normal to look at, in fact, her cunt is very lovely to look at and to feel, but, I am afraid that any penetration, however slight, seems to cause discomfort rather than pleasure."
"Well, that must be very distressing for Mary and the men in her life," Dr James said.
"There have never been men in Mary's life," replied Julia. "Men do not seem to appeal to Mary, if you know what I mean."
"Hmmm, I see," the doctor replied, scribbling down a note.
Mary sat quietly and looked down at her shoes. Monica moved her chair closer and took one of Mary's hands in hers to comfort her.
"And what about clitoral stimulation?" Dr James inquired? She held a pen in her right hand and moved it absent-mindedly so that its end played lightly on her lips.
"That goes fine up to point, I think," Julia replied, "but the discomfort appears just before climax."
'So has Mary ever cum from clitoral or vaginal stimulation?" Dr James inquired.
"Only rarely," replied Mary's mother with a note of sadness in her voice.
Dr James fixed Mary in her gaze and asked gently, "Is there anything you would like to say, Mary? What kind of discomfort do you feel? Do you like to masturbate?"
"Yes, I try to. It feels so nice at the start," Mary replied blushing, "but after a while I sort of feel an ache and have to stop."
"Have you, or maybe others, ever tried to put things in your cunt, Mary?" Dr James continued.
"Umm, well, some of the girls I knew at university used to like to put dildos in my pussy," Mary said in a quiet voice, "I pretended that it felt alright, but it never really felt good for me."
"Well," said Dr James, "I suppose that I had better have a look at that lovely cunt of yours, Mary. Monica, would you assist Mary while she undresses?"
Monica led Mary by the hand into a small room off to the side.
"Thank you for rostering Monica for our visit," smiled Julia.
"After your ladies meeting, I thought she would be to your liking," Dr James replied patting Julia's thigh.
The two younger ladies returned, Mary was now wearing a short sky-blue surgical gown which had only a single tie at the top on the back. From behind her peach-shaped ass was clearly visible to the two older women.
"Monica," Dr James instructed, "please make Mary comfortable on the examination chair."
Monica led Mary to a sophisticated looking chair and indicated where Mary should sit. It looked somewhat like a dentist's chair.
"Would you like to stay and observe the examination, Julia?" Dr James asked. "Or would you prefer to wait outside? I think you will find it most instructive and you will also see what good care we take of your lovely daughter, Mary."
"Thank you, Emma," Julia replied, "I should very much like to stay and support Mary while you examine her."
The two older women approached Mary who now reclined on the examination chair. Monica stood attentive by her side.
Dr James found on a wheeled office chair and slid over to Mary's side. "I just need to make a few adjustments to your position, Mary, so I can examine your cunt more easily."
The doctor adjusted the chair, raising the seat a little and reclining the back slightly. "Comfortable?" she asked.
Mary nodded. Then Dr James pressed two buttons on the side of the examination chair which caused the section of the chair where Mary's legs rested to part. Julia noticed that the seat of the examination chair had been sensibly designed with a discreet cut-away that facilitated the examiner's access to the patient's cunt or even ass.
"I've had this chair specially designed for my examinations," Dr James explained to Mary. "My patients must be comfortable, and I must have a clear line of sight and full access to my patients' bodies in order to examine them thoroughly."
"Monica," Dr James called, "please find a chair for Julia so that she can comfortably observe the examination, as well."
Monica did as requested and after ensuring Julia was comfortable and able to clearly see everything, returned to stand by the patient.
Mary sat reclined at a gentle angle in the chair with her hips forward and legs spread open. The short medical gown lay across the top of her thighs and fell tantalisingly into the space created between her legs. Dr James noticed the subconscious reaction of Julia as she took in the sight of her daughter with her legs splayed open before her: her tongue moistened her lips, she tightened her grip on the arms of her chair and allowed her own thighs to open ever so slightly in empathy with Mary.
"I always begin by assessing a patient's overall condition, Julia," Dr James explained, "before I examine the more private areas. Monica, would you care to assess Mary and report your conclusions to us both?"
Monica performed the basic assessment checks: eyes, ears, mouth, pulse, etc. and reported her conclusions, "Mary is in excellent condition and is generally very healthy, Doctor. Her pulse is a little fast, but that is only to be expected in the circumstances. Her skin does feel slightly warm, however, and I should like to take her temperature."
"Excellent, Monica," the doctor responded, "I agree completely with your assessment. And yes, a temperature check is a good idea and we will do one in due course."
"Monica, now if you would be so kind," Dr James instructed, "please arrange Mary's gown so that I may begin the examination of Mary's cunt."
Monica gently lifted the hem of the gown and folded it up to Mary's navel. Mary's position in the chair, with her legs opened and hips thrust forward, beautifully displayed her naked cunt to all in the room. Mary blushed and in an automatic reflex tried to bring her legs together, but the chair prevented her from closing them. She tensed but soon began to relax as she remembered that she was amongst people whom she could trust.
The three observers all looked at the delta where Mary's open thighs met: a triangle of dark hair, trimmed low, pointed suggestively to a clearly defined, smooth line where the outer lips of her cunt met. The trimmed, dark pubic hair continued down the sides of her cunt slit, to her taint. The dimple of Mary's asshole was just discernible below.
"You were right, Julia," said Dr James admiringly, "Mary does have a very lovely little cunt! Monica, come here, please, and observe Mary closely. Note how the outer lips of Mary's cunt completely enclose the clitoral hood and the labia minora so that they are not visible at all. And note as well the faint hints of moisture along the slit of Mary's cunt: an indication of mild sexual arousal."
"Mmm, yes Doctor, I see," Monica replied beginning to feel aroused herself. "Would the sign of cuntal arousal, in a setting such as this, perhaps indicate Mary has a latent tendency for exhibitionism?"
"Excellent question, Monica! However, we don't know enough of Mary's psychology or sexual history to conclude that, yet," Dr James replied. "It is a possibility, but there could be many other explanations. It could be a simple Pavlovian response to the stimulus of having her legs spread open and her cunt exposed, or, since there are others present, it may show a more complex desire to please or serve others rather than to simply exhibit. Then again it might result from a feeling of apprehension or mild fear as to what she thinks might be about to happen to her, or it could even be an expression of vulnerability. Time will tell."
Dr James turned to Mary. "Now, Mary," Dr James soothed, kindly resting her warm hand on the inside of Mary's naked thigh, I need to touch your cunt a little in order to do a brief external examination. Just relax. I find many patients rather enjoy this bit."
Dr James reached for a medical glove, but Julia interjected: "Doctor, do you intend to wear gloves?" she said in an alarmed voice. "Wouldn't an examination without gloves be more sensitive and beneficial for my daughter's diagnosis?"
"Well, yes," responded Dr James smiling reassuringly, "hands are much more sensitive without gloves and it is true that I would learn more about Mary's responses. So with your permission I will proceed without gloves."
"Thank you," Julia responded, the two older women exchanged curt nods.
Smoothly, using all of her years of medical experience, Dr James slid her hand along the inside of Mary's thigh until it entirely covered Mary's cunt. Mary's breathing began to quicken noticeably under the expert medical care that she was receiving. The doctor's hand began to gently move up and down the outside of Mary's cunt and occasionally caress her thighs and even Mary's asshole. Julia marvelled at the expert technique which Emma displayed in examining her daughter.
"Julia," the doctor whispered, "I hope that you won't mind, but it is often helpful for me to observe the secondary responses during an examination such as this, as these can be particularly informative. The breasts, and the nipples in particular, can be especially expressive. Would you have any objection if we were to remove Mary's gown entirely?"
"Why of course not, Emma," Julia quickly replied, "I encourage you to do whatever you think is best. My only concern is Mary's health and well-being."
"Good, thank you," Dr James replied. "Monica, please remove Mary's gown."
Emma paused her examination as Monica fumbled the tie on Mary's gown before deftly removing it, fully exposing Mary's naked body, now spread so open and inviting before them all. For the first time all could see Mary's slender hips angle into her narrow waist, and how her small breasts fell softly towards her sides, each surmounted by small, dark, erect nipples. Monica's nipples, too, were beginning to become visible through her uniform.
"Have you noticed, Emma?" Julia asked in a whisper, "I think my Mary is also causing some positive responses in your assistant."
Dr James took the cue to address Monica directly. "Monica, you know how important it is to have our patients at their ease. I wonder if Mary feels a little self-conscious now that she is the only one naked in the room, lying there with her tits and cunt exposed so openly to our gaze. I wonder if you would mind removing your uniform and continuing the consultation naked as well, so that Mary would feel more relaxed?"
Knowing patient care was the most important principle of medical practice, Monica responded without thinking twice, "Yes, of course, doctor."
"Julia," Dr James added, "would you mind helping Monica out of her uniform? In that way we can continue the examination in the shortest possible time."
In no way did Julia mind! Monica obediently turned her back towards Julia and lifted her long blonde hair, offering Julia easy access to the buttons that ran down the back of her uniform. Julia eagerly unbuttoned the uniform and as the dress fell open let her hands trace a path down Monica's back which felt warm and smooth and very sexy.
The uniform fell silently to the floor. The voluptuous figure of the diligent nurse was unveiled. Wasting no time, Julia quickly unclipped Monica's bra and tossed it aside.
Freed to gravity's influence, Monica's generous breasts hung down and swayed erotically with her movements; at the centre of her large, almost hypnotic areolas, thick nipples rose like the parts of some rare exotic tropical flower. Mary stared transfixed and the doctor smiled broadly at her, now, not at all unexpected, reaction.
Still standing behind the nurse, Julia guided her hands down the side of Monica's figure until they reached her hips and the top of her lacy panties. Julia allowed her hands to briefly explore Monica's flat belly before gripping the top of her panties and spinning her quickly round so that Monica now faced her.
Julia reached behind Monica and let her hands slide into her lacy panties and feel the curve and the firmness of the nurse's shapely ass. Then kneeling so that her face was at the level of Monica's cunt, Julia removed Monica's panties in a single motion.
Julia could detect the pungent aroma of arousal coming from Monica's cleanly shaved pussy which was now only centimetres away from her face. Dr James observed that Mary continued to take in the scene and show signs of increased arousal: her nipples were clearly hardening, her areola shrinking, she showed an increased breathing rate and there was a slight flush or glow appearing on her cheeks.
"Julia," Dr James said, "I notice Mary's cunt has trimmed pubic hair. Sometimes pubic hair can reduce stimulation and I wonder if this might be a minor factor in this case. Would you object if Monica shaved Mary's cunt? Just the cunt lips will be all that is necessary. She should keep that lovely neat bush above."
"I did wonder about that myself, Emma," Julia replied. "Please do whatever you think best."
"Thank you," Dr James responded and then instructed Monica as to what was required.
"Oh, Julia," continued Dr James, "sometimes during examinations there can be some vaginal squirting and other secretions. Perhaps it would be advisable for you to remove your clothes as well. I wouldn't want your very stylish clothes to be ruined."
Emma moved over to Julia and soon had her stripped down to her bra and panties. Julia's fine, svelte body was toned and attractive.
"I know that I have seen it before, Julia, but you do have a sexy body," Dr James praised her quietly. "I can see Monica likes it as well," she said, raising her eyebrow in a knowing way.
Monica had returned with a razor and some shaving cream and was working diligently and carefully between Mary's legs. She soon had Mary's cunt lips smooth to touch and neatly shaved to Emma's satisfaction.
Emma adjusted the lighting in the examination room to reduce the harshness of the medical lights.
'We will now move on with the examination proper and increase the stimulation," Dr James announced. "Mary, please advise of any discomfort."
Mary's hips now thrust more forward, resting on the edge of the chair's seat, her legs were still spread wide and her cunt and ass were easily accessible. Her newly shaved cunt glistened in the discreet light. Emma positioned herself directly between Mary's open legs and with a hand on either side of Mary's cunt slit, gently and in a single movement pulled the lips apart. There was a faint sucking sound as her moist pussy opened and the inner lips and clitoral hood of Mary's cunt came into full view.
Monica stepped back and gasped. Julia, standing behind Monica, could not stop her hands from feeling the cheeks of Monica's naked ass which was now so tantalisingly close. Monica eased back to make the pleasant sensation more tactile.
Emma allowed her index finger to glide up and down the moistening line of Mary's inner cunt lips, spreading the flaps gently open and occasionally touching the hood of Mary's clitoris. Mary laid back moaning quietly. Similarly, Julia's fingers had now found the crack of Monica's ass and they freely glided up and down, before circling and pressing the pucker of Monica's asshole.
Expertly, Emma spread the lips of Mary's cunt and revealed the hole of her vagina. She began to insert her index finger into Mary's wet love tunnel. The first joint of her finger was almost fully inserted when Mary tensed, exclaiming a sharp "Oww!"
Dr James removed her finger, sniffed it and then tasted the small amount of sticky cunt juice that was on it.
"Well," she said, "Mary, your juice tastes deliciously normal and the scent from your hole is wonderful. But from your reaction, I see that there is definitely some problem."
"Monica," Dr James continued, "now would be a good time to take Mary's temperature, if you can free yourself from Julia's attentions, that is!"
Emma smiled as Julia removed a finger from Monica's asshole and discreetly sniffed it. The good doctor recalled what a pleasant and tight ass Monica had!
Monica reached for the temperature gun, but Dr James interjected, "No, Monica, Mary's internal temperature would be the more informative in this case."
Monica went away and returned with a range of thermometers and placed them on a tray nearby.
"Now, Mary," Dr James started, "I will need to recline the back of the chair fully to take your internal temperature. Can you please hop up on all fours, doggy style, with that lovely cunt of yours facing towards us?"
Mary did as requested. "That's a good girl," Dr James said patting Mary on the ass. The position, although required for medical purposes, seemed designed to make the most wonderful display of Mary's pelvic fuck holes.
The notch at the top of Mary's thighs perfectly framed the mound of her still wet and slightly open cunt, while Mary's ass cheeks spread apart effortlessly and naturally to display the clean little asterisk of her very cute asshole.
"Now, Monica," Dr James instructed, "you may proceed to measure Mary's cunt temperature."
Monica chose a thermometer and applied some personal lubricant. Then with the two older women closely observing, she slowly inserted the thin thermometer into Mary's cunt hole. It went easily into the sticky hole.
Mary shivered. "Did you feel that, Mary?" asked Dr James.
"Umm, yes," gasped Mary.
"That is very good! How did it feel?" the doctor inquired.
"Umm, ..., nice?" came Mary's unconfident response.
"Perfect!" said Dr James, smiling to Julia who was watching intently with her arm around the good doctor.
"Julia," Emma whispered, "looking at Mary now, I think it would be good to have another internal temperature measurement from her to compare with that of her cunt. Would you agree if we were to take a comparative temperature?"
"She seems to be moaning a bit though," Julia said, "won't that affect an oral temperature?"
"Yes, it will," Dr James replied, "which is why I was thinking of taking her anal temperature instead."
"Oh, yes," Julia slapped Emma's shoulders, "that would definitely be better."
Dr James instructed Monica who then selected another, heavier thermometer and after applying lubricant, began to work the thermometer into Mary's tight asshole. After some gentle manipulation, it slid in deeply. Mary gasped audibly.
"Interesting," Dr James said smiling. She invited Julia over to look more closely at her daughter who remained on all fours and now had thermometers protruding from the fuck holes of her cunt and ass.
Instinctively, they each gently massaged one of Mary's ass cheeks. Monica, observing the two women caress Mary, began to caress her own ever-moistening slit. The older women watched Monica pleasure herself while waiting for the temperature readings to be ready.
After Monica had cum and recovered her breath, Dr James indicated that the appropriate amount of time had passed and the temperatures could now be read. Monica gently removed the thermometers from Mary and reported the results.
"Cuntally, Doctor," Monica explained, "Mary's temperature is elevated by half a degree above normal, however her anal temperature is a full degree above normal"
"Oh, that is very interesting!" Dr James exclaimed. "Julia," Dr James inquired, "has Mary ever had anal sex?"
"Not to my knowledge, Doctor," Julia replied.
"And she has never been penetrated by a cock?" Emma asked.
"No," replied Julia, "she has never so much as touched or sucked a cock to my knowledge. It simply doesn't appeal to her, she prefers... how should I say it, ..., female company."
"I understand perfectly," Emma replied. "Well, let's keep moving. The next part of the examination is more orally focused. Mary, are you comfortable?"
"May I lower my shoulders, Doctor?" Mary asked, "my arms feel a little tired."
"Yes, dear, of course," Emma replied. "In fact, that would be perfect."
Mary lowered her shoulders to the chair while leaving her hips raised. Dr James had Mary widen her knees to make it a more comfortable position to maintain. The change in position seemed to emphasise the heart-shaped outline of Mary's ass cheeks and spread her cunt's lips a little wider and thus more open.
"Excellent," Dr James said, "now we are going to try to orally stimulate your clitoris and cunt hole, Mary. Please indicate if you feel any discomfort. Monica, you know what to do, you may begin."
Monica placed her hands on the back of Mary's kneeling legs, just behind the knee. The naked dryad reverently lowered her face towards the promise of Mary's proffered cunt. Julia and Emma stood back a little so that they could clearly see the ass and exposed holes of both young women. Monica's soft pink tongue teased Mary's clit and slowly worked it's way along the slit of Mary's cunt hole, stopping at the taint before tracing out the same path in reverse.
It wasn't long before Mary's breathing was very laboured and she exclaimed in minor pain.
"That's enough, thank you, Monica," Emma said. Monica's mouth was wet now with Mary's sticky cunt juice. Julia stepped forward and grabbing both of Monica's generous tits, kissed and licked the nurse's mouth to savour the juice fresh from her daughter's cunt.
In the embrace, Monica unclipped Julia's bra to show a perky pair of small, round tits. Julia discarded her panties, the crotch of which was now visibly wet.
Emma made a suggestion, "Julia, would you care to orally stimulate Mary as well? Different people have different techniques and therefore may elicit different responses, you see. That additional information will help inform my diagnosis."
"Well anything for medical science and my daughter," Julia replied and leaned slowly down to directly savour the offered gift of her daughter's wet, open cunt hole.
At this point, Emma slipped off her white medical coat and removed her blouse and skirt and stood naked with the others. Her body was slender and sexy with wide, sensuous hips. She had a pierced navel and neat breasts. Her cunt was hairy but not wildly so. While Julia feasted on Mary's juice, Emma fingered herself a bit and finding her own pussy juice, slid her pussy-damp fingers into Mary's mouth, who licked them willingly even obediently.
Julia sucked on Mary's clit and ran her hands over Mary's heart-shaped ass. All too soon Mary once again cried out in some discomfort.
After a brief pause, Dr James took her turn to orally stimulate Mary's cunt. She began by placing a finger either side of Mary'a clitoral hood and with a swift movement down exposed the tip of Mary's now erect clit. Emma expertly teased the exposed clit with soft lips and moved her tongue up and into Mary's cunt hole. The woman-scent was gorgeous. Mary groaned, but Emma kept moving her tongue upwards, letting her tongue glide over Mary's taint and start to circle Mary's crinkly asshole.
Mary gasped, but this time in pure pleasure. Julia squealed and subconsciously her fingers copied the movements of Emma's tongue on Monica's body. Julia's fingers soon strayed to the entrance of Monica's thoroughly dripping cunt. She slid her middle finger easily and deeply inside in a single purposeful thrust. Her index finger swiftly joined it in Monica's wet love hole, soon followed by a third finger. Monica, moaning, quickly surrendered to the rhythm of the robust three finger cunt fucking she was receiving from Julia.
Emma continued to work Mary's asshole with her tongue and when she judged the entrance wet enough slid her index finger from Mary's clit onto the tight sphincter. Mary groaned deeply. Emma slowly increased its pressure until she felt Mary's ass muscle relax and tightly accept her sticky finger. She moved it slowly at first and then gradually increased the frequency and depth of her fingering until she was freely fucking Mary's asshole.
Julia, on seeing her daughter being anally finger fucked by Dr James, removed her own sticky fingers from Monica'a cunt and tasted the delicious juices. She pushed her three wet fingers into Monica's mouth to share the nectar, before using them to paw once again at Monica's engorged clit and cunt. Bending Monica over the desk, Julia then dropped some spit onto Monica's asshole and after spreading the spit around with her tongue, plunged a finger into Monica's willing but tight bullseye-sphincter.
Monica groaned in delight. Julia exclaimed in domination. Meanwhile Emma had inserted a second finger into Mary's virgin asshole and was stretching it wider and finger fucking it with more freedom as the muscles finally relaxed and loosened their grip.
Almost simultaneously, both young women came with load groans. Monica shuddered violently and Mary, to the delight of all, squirted juice from her cunt.
After a clean-up and rest, Emma, still naked, spoke.
"Well Mary, how are you?"
"I feel so wonderful, thank you, doctor!" she replied.
"Good," Emma smiled. "I think I have reached a working diagnosis. It is my professional opinion, Mary, my darling, that you are an anal slut who simply wants to passively submit to a Mistress. Your pleasure and pain circuits are a little mixed up, but these can be sorted in time with the right treatment."
"It is a somewhat psychological condition. When you only receive cuntal stimulation your mind subconciously replaces any pleasure with pain because being fucked in the cunt is not what you want at all. What you really desire is to be taken anally by a mistress and so your mind psychologically inhibits or overlays your cuntal orgasms with pain sensations."
"On the other hand, as we have just witnessed, when your asshole is being fucked, you feel completely dominated and fulfilled and you only experience pure pleasure."
Suddenly, in Mary's mind, all the pieces of her life fell into place in a single revelation.
"The treatment I think that is best for you, is to have your cunt stimulated at the same times as you are being anally fucked, so that over time, your mind will be reprogrammed to once again associate pleasure with cuntal stimulation and penetration. Eventually, you will be able to be taken cuntally with full pleasure, as any mistress would surely wish. Your pleasure in being dominated anally will not be impaired, so that your mistress will have every option open to her in how she chooses to enjoy you."
"How may we do that?" Julia asked excitedly struck by the perceptiveness of Emma's diagnosis and ingenuity of the proposed treatment.
"I have a treatment in mind and I would like to test its effectiveness right away. It will need to be performed daily from now on, until Mary's pleasure-pain circuit is reprogrammed," Emma said. "It could take some time."
"Monica, could you please bring the harnesses fitted with the two-headed dildo?"
Monica left and returned with a number of strap-on devices. She fitted one to Emma and expertly began to apply personal lubricant to both prongs.
"Julia, I will now demonstrate the treatment for you. Watch closely because I want you to try it while you are here under my strict medical supervision," Emma instructed, "so that you will know exactly what you are to do at home." Monica fitted and lubed a similar harness to Julia.
Monica led Emma by the strap-on to Mary who submissively raised her ass in anticipation of the fucking she was about to receive. Emma with Monica's and Julia's help, guided the two prongs into Mary's ass and cunt hole which were still very receptive from the earlier fingering examination.
Emma expertly eased the dildos gently into Mary. They were accepted easily and soon both of Mary's holes were fully plugged. Slowly, Emma increased tempo and depth of her thrusts until both dildos were fully buried inside of Mary's cunt and ass. Emma began to fuck Mary more vigorously. Mary gripped the edges of the examination chair, her knuckles white. Monica and Julia spread Mary's ass cheeks wider to deepen the penetration from Emma's thrusts.
For Julia, though, it was getting all too much! She was thrilled to see Mary being double penetrated by Emma right in front of her. She began to vigorously stroke the shaft of the strap-on she wore as if it was a flesh and blood part of her. Moving over to Monica, she once again pushed the nurse roughly down, this time an examination table was used and began to urgently insert her double dildo into Monica's ass and cunt.
Emma smiled unsurprised and continued to fuck into Mary's holes even harder. Julia was now sliding in and out of Monica at a good pace, too; Monica, clenching her fists, was groaning in pleasure. Her dangling breasts vibrated from the frenzy of the fucking that she was receiving.
"Oh!" Emma cried, slapping Mary's ass firmly. "It is all crystal clear to me now, Mary. There is no doubt. You are a total fucking anal slut and what you need and what you want is your ass to be ridden and dominated by a tough-fucking mistress bitch!"
Emma pulled Mary's hair back and Mary called out, "Oh, please, please, fuck my ass, fuck me harder, Mistress! Pleasure your self by using my fuck holes!"
Julia slapped Monica's shapely ass and continued to double fuck her holes. She loved watching the shaft of the strap-on dildo she wore disappear into Monica's asshole and then see how Monica's asshole stickily gripped and slid along the shaft as it reappeared.
Emma pounded Mary for a few more thrusts and then paused before withdrawing fully from Mary's holes. She motioned to Julia to take her place.
Julia did not need to be asked twice and in no time at all, was double penetrating her daughter. She fucked her lustily with deep thrusts of her hips.
Monica, who was recovering her breath, remained draped sensuously over the table with her still gaping holes in full display like a Modigliani made real. Emma could not refuse such a tender scene and quickly entered her unsuspecting assistant with her double dildo. "Oh god, yes!" gasped Monica, at the unexpected suddenness and force of the entry.
"I never realised what a fucking little lesbian anal whore you are, Mary," said Julia tenderly. "Did you even know? I will love sharing you with all my friends! They will all adore fucking you senseless, my darling! And I will adore seeing them do it!"
Emma thrust her hips; both dildos buried deep inside Monica. Emma kept her hips held in that position and leaned forward so she could reach Monica'a beautiful tits that hung like heavy fruits from her chest. She squeezed and twisted the large nipples and Monica screamed again with delight.
Emma whispered to Julia and the women slowed their thrusts and each withdrew from their lovers' bodies. Emma and Julia strapped a spare harness to Monica and directed her towards Mary's still raised hips, her open holes promising free entry.
Monica, relishing the change of role, proceeded to quickly double penetrate Mary and fuck her ass and cunt holes. She loved the feeling of power she felt through her hip thrusts. She held Mary's hips and pulled her onto her double dildo thrusts with a real sense of purpose. Emma leaned forward to expertly stimulate Mary's clit; Julia bent over in front of Mary, who now voraciously licked and tasted her mother's asshole.
Emma's teasing of Mary's clit and the anal stimulation of Monica's double dildo soon triggered a cataclysmic, gushing, pleasure-filled but totally painless climax like Mary had never experienced before. Her body shook with wave upon wave of muscular contractions and pleasure. As the aftershocks subsided, her eyes were glazed, she could not focus, she could not move. The strap-on was eased out leaving her fuck holes gaping open for all to admire. Emma kissed Mary deeply and hugged her, proud of Mary's breakthrough achievement.
"Oh, Emma," Julia sighed, "how can we ever thank you enough!"
Emma pressed the button on desk to cease the video recording. She was already looking forward to watching this consultation again!
"Now Mary," said Emma, holding her close, "remember, to be the anal slut that you want to be, you must submit to this treatment every day with Julia or whoever she chooses. After a month, you must return here to the clinic for another appointment so that I can gauge your progress and prescribe the next phase of your treatment. Take care, my darling little slut."
Mary smiled broadly, confidently, for the first time in years. She felt liberated by Emma's revelation about her own true nature. She knew that Emma's diagnosis was correct and that from now on she would devote herself to exploring, with her mistresses, her newly revealed anal slut-nature.
"And Emma," said Julia, still naked and covered in sweat and women's cum, "don't forget that you are invited to the next ladies meeting on Wednesday evening. I think Mary will want to attend for her first time. And please feel free to bring Monica along. I would love to have her again and I am sure that she will be very warmly welcomed by all the other ladies!"
The four women continued to intimately hug and kiss for a long time before Mary's first Therapy session finally drew to a close.