All characters in this story are over the age of 18 and are consenting young adults.
*****
Katie Goes Big:
I heard some yelling from upstairs and then a few seconds later my daughter's boyfriend came running down the stairs, got in his car and roared off. What the hell was going on?
My wife and I just looked at each other and then she got up to see what was going on. About 10 minutes later she came down and sat on the couch and said "Her and Brian had a fight and she's upset but I think she'll be okay."
Katie seemed off the next couple of days though, so eventually I knocked on her bedroom door and asked if I could come in.
"So what's up honey? You seem off since Brian left several days ago? Everything okay?"
"I'm okay dad. Brian and I just had a fight."
"What about?"
"Well, one of his friends saw me dancing with a guy at a party and told him."
"Oh oh. You and Brian not getting along?"
"No, I was just out with my friends and we were partying."
"So why was Brian so upset?"
"Well, I was dancing pretty close to the guy."
"How close?"
"Well, really close."
"Oh."
"You see, we were all drinking and Randy, the guy I was dancing with was holding me very close and gradually started to move his hands around. He's a very good looking guy and it felt nice and the next thing I knew I was rubbing him back."
"Well that's not great, but it's not grounds for divorce! Nothing else happened?"
My daughter just stared at me for a few seconds and then quietly said "Umm, I kinda slept with him".
"How do you 'kinda' sleep with someone?"
She started to say something but I cut her off. I knew full well how things 'kinda' happen and I didn't really want to hear the details. I think she thought I was really upset with her because she started to tear up and all of a sudden I felt incredibly uncomfortable. I somehow had got myself into the middle of a conversation that no father ever wants to have with his daughter. I wanted to give some tidbit of parental wisdom but that part of my brain was not working. My mouth was open but nothing was coming out. So I gave her a quick hug and said "It's alright." and told her to let me know if she needed to talk and left.
The next few days were awkward but thank God she never took me up on my offer and gradually things got back to normal between us. I had no intention of embarrassing myself again by asking my daughter about her love life. Her mother could do that!
I work at home but occasionally I have to go into the office so I let my wife and daughter know I would be away for the day. The meetings went well though and I was on the road by 1:00 PM and home by 1:30.
There was a strange car on the road in front of our house but that happens all the time with neighbour cars so I thought nothing of it. I entered the house and heard music from my daughters room and went to say Hi. I stopped dead in my tracks though when I got to her room! The door was open and my daughter was lying on her back with a huge black guy thrusting his cock into her.
An amazing range of experiences flashed through my mind in the blink of an eye. Total shock! No thinking, no feeling just totally stunned! Instant outrage! How dare you rape my daughter! Fist clenched, ready to attack! Then the data from my eyes and ears started to register. I did not hear any yelling. I did not see any frantic thrashing to get away. In fact she had her long legs wrapped around his back and her hands were caressing his body. Another thought, move away from the door, you'll be seen. Now only my head was peeking around the door entrance.
At first he was making quick short thrusts so I could not see much but then he started pulling his cock all the way out and slamming it back in and I thought holy shit, his cock was huge. I was worried about her being hurt by something that big but she certainly didn't seem to be in pain. Maybe the next day. I couldn't hear much because of the music but I could see that his cock was totally covered in her white cream and it was running down her ass with a big wet spot on the bed. I was still stunned and just stood there rooted to floor staring bug eyed as the lips of my daughter's pussy were getting pulled out an obscene distance every time he withdrew and then pushed back in every time he thrusted down.
You're probably thinking why didn't I rush in there and break it up. Why? My wife and I frequently 'got together' at her parent's house when we were dating. Katie's on the pill so no worry there. I knew she wasn't a virgin and this guy was definitely not hurting her. I was not in the mood for a hugely embarrassing confrontation. It seemed like I stood there for a long time watching but it was probably only a few minutes at most before I realized I better get out of there before I was seen. So I snuck out quietly, got in my car and drove around for 30 minutes, then headed back home and the car was gone.
So how do you relate to your daughter after you've seen her have sex? And it wasn't just any sex. It felt like a porno movie. My daughter is good looking. She had her beautiful long legs wrapped around his back and her tight ass was bucking up steady when he was fucking her. It was an incredible turn on watching his big cock slide in and out and the color contrast was an even bigger turn on. The images were seared on my brain looping through my head all day long. I was getting blue balls from having a constant hard on. So I guess I ended up 'relating' oddly the next few days because my daughter cornered me one day after she got home from school before her mother was home and said "I saw you".
"What do you mean you saw me?"
"I saw you that day when Randy was over."
"How did you see me, your whole body was covered by the Hulk and you looked pretty distracted."
"My head turned to the side and I saw your reflection in my wall mirror. I was so distracted though that I just couldn't stop and closed my eyes and continued on. After Randy left you were gone. You didn't say anything when you got back and I sure didn't want to bring it up but I know it's been bothering you by the way you've been acting. You've been avoiding me. When I come in the room you quickly leave. You don't look me in the eye. You don't talk to me. I feel awful. Are you mad at me?"
I sat down on the couch and pulled her down close to me.
"Honey, I'm not mad at you. I'm just uncomfortable. I still love you. I can't think of anything you could do where I still wouldn't love you. I'm not upset that you're having sex but it's one thing to know it. It's a totally different thing to have it seared on my eyeballs. A dad is not supposed to see his daughter having sex! A dad is not supposed to get aroused by his daughter but I can't get it out of my mind. You're an attractive women and seeing you have sex was like a hot porno movie and I keep thinking about it. So I'm just having a hard time being around you now without very un-fatherly thoughts popping into my head"
"Is that the guy you were dancing with at the party? You didn't tell me he was black and what's going on with Brian?"
"Well everything has gone to hell. I didn't tell you he was black because I don't care about things like that. I only slept with Randy twice, once at the party and the day you saw me and then he started telling his friends how he had sex with me. The next thing Brian heard about it and confronted me again. I couldn't deny it so he walked away. I've tried to text and email and call him but he won't return anything. I don't blame him. I fooled around and hurt him badly. Nothing like the whole school knowing your girlfriend is fooling around on you."
"What about the other guy?"
"Well after I heard he was bragging about having sex with me I told him to get lost when he called again.
I'm so mad! It's such a double standard. Guys fool around all the time and they're 'studs'. I make one mistake and I'm a slut! I don't care whether a guy is black but apparently a lot of people do because I'm a 'black cock whore' now and two black guys I don't even know made lewd comments to me. All my so called friends are now coincidentally busy when I call. Basically I'm screwed! My social life is ruined! The only good thing is school is almost done and I'll be leaving for college in the Fall out of town where no ones knows me but it's going to be a lonely Summer."
"Well I'm sorry to hear that honey. I still love you though and I'm glad we've had a chance to clear the air somewhat and I reached over and gave her a big hug."
"Thanks Dad!"
"One of life's learning experiences I guess and you've got your whole life ahead of you and hopefully you've learned something from it. Do you think there is any chance for you and Brian?"
"I don't think so and actually I'm not sure if it would work anyway."
"What do you mean?"
Her face got all red and she paused. "Well, I learned something new about myself when I was with Randy. I thought sex with Brian was good but I didn't really know until I had sex with Randy. Brian was average down below and it felt good but when I was with Randy it was out of this world. You saw how big he was. He touched places inside me that Brian never did and it felt really good! It wasn't just the length either. The extra width made everything feel so much more sensitive! I can't get it out of my mind. I keep thinking about how it felt. If I went back with Brian I'm not sure it would work. I'd always be thinking about how it felt with Randy. I know a lot of girls don't like larger guys because it hurts but I guess my body is suited for it because there was no pain and it all fit."
"Well there's more to a good relationship than sex and there's more to sex than the size of a person's cock."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, you just said you won't sleep with Randy again because you're upset with him but it's still the same cock that you liked so much before. So if your heart and mind are not on board, sex won't happen or be very good. On the other hand, if you really love someone and feel totally comfortable with them the sex can be fantastic because you feel comfortable and loved and can enjoy the passion with no doubts or fears to distract you. "
She seemed a little better so I got up to leave but stopped and laughed and told her not to be surprised if she caught me staring at her. It would take a while for me to forget what I saw. She just smiled and said she would try to be a good girl!
Things were much better after our talk. School ended a week later so Katie didn't have to be self conscious anymore about what the other kids were thinking and saying. She got almost full time hours at the restaurant she had been working at part time and her and I were comfortable with each other again.
My state of arousal continued though. Before, I was totally clueless what Katie really looked like and what she wore but now I noticed her looks and cloths in great detail. I just couldn't stop looking at her. We have a pool so I quickly noticed all the different bathing suits she owns. I knew the colors and the shape and could see them crystal clear in my mind. I gradually developed a mental catalog of most of her cloths and wondered what combinations I would see everyday. I came to notice the different ways she would wear her hair, her shoes, her perfume, everything. It's amazing all the things I began to notice. I started to compliment her when I liked something and I think she liked it because she often gave me a big smile and a hug. She even occasionally asked my opinion on an outfit or hair style. It felt nice.
I know she often caught me staring at her but she just smiled and didn't seem to mind. Perhaps she was just happy for us to be comfortable again and perhaps she liked the implicit flattery in my stares.
She was right about her friends. No one seemed to be around. I felt sorry for her. Her birthday was coming up so we took her out for a nice meal and gave her some money and my wife took her shopping. I wanted to do more but could not think of what. Then it hit me. I did some research on the internet and found something I new she would like. It arrived a week after her birthday and I waited till one night until her mom was out.
"Here is a delayed birthday present for you.'
"What is it?"
"Open it and see."
So she ripped open the package and then turned all red and said "Oh my God!".
It was a very large, very high quality, very black dildo. Not exactly a typical father daughter gift but I knew she was not getting any male attention and I knew she definitely enjoyed the size and to be honest I was so aroused all the time that a sex toy seemed like a perfectly appropriate gift to my warped mind.
I felt obligated to give her the sales pitch. I did a lot of research and spent a lot of money and I hoped she would like it. I pulled it out of the wrapping and made her hold it. A firm inner core surrounded by a super soft exterior made it feel very real. It was not cold like most hard plastic dildos and it had no rubber smell. She didn't say much but she didn't freak or throw it in the trash can either. So after a brief pause I told her to enjoy it and left.
A week passed and my curiosity was killing me so I asked her one night if she enjoyed her new gift and she smiled and said "I may have used it once or twice" and giggled. "Thanks dad! "
I was thrilled and instantly had a flashback to the afternoon picturing her getting pummelled. Whew! Didn't take much to trigger that memory!
I knew in the back of my mind that part of the reason that I bought the dildo was I'd love to see it get used. Very sick I know, but my groin wasn't listening to my mind. It knew what it wanted. I thought about all sorts of devious things like setting up a hidden camera in her room but I could never violate her trust like that.
So one night I asked her if she ever thought about me seeing her that day. Did it bother her still. She said not at the time as she was so engrossed but was embarrassed later and felt uncomfortable until we had our talk.
I asked what about now? She said she'd noticed me giving her frequent looks and was kind of flattered even if I was her dad and she knew I would never do anything to hurt her. Then she surprised me and said she really enjoyed the new tool and used it 'regularly'.
"Almost as good as the real thing?"
"Well, in some ways it's better. It feels really lifelike especially if I warm it up in hot water for a few minutes. You really got me a good one! If I close my eyes and grab it with my hand it feels totally real. Sometimes I just sit there and squeeze it again and again and run my hand up and down the shaft. I love the feeling of it in me especially when it's warm. It really fills me up and stretches me out good. It's very convenient, does exactly what I tell it, when I want it, where I want it and there is no dick head attached to it! When I'm done, I just tell it to leave and after a brief soap bath and dry it waits quietly in the drawer for the next time."
Her surprising admission about the dildo spurred me to blurt out "I'd love to see you use it!" I instantly regretted my comment and waited for the fallout but she just yelled "DAD!" and stared at me.
"What does "DAD!" mean?"
"I know you've already seen me but it would be too weird doing it with you in the room knowing you were there all the time."
"What about recording yourself?"
"I don't know."
That was promising. I knew when to quit and gave her a hug and said goodnight.
Several days later Katie came up to me and handed me a usb memory stick, smiled and said "come see me when you're done".
Was this what I thought it was? I went to my office and fired up the computer and stuck the usb in. There was only one file on it so I opened it up and the video started. She actually did it! She was lying on the bed with her back propped up on a pillow but this time I could see a lot more because she was not covered by a body. The camera was pointing at her lying on the bed, a little bit higher than the bed, pointing down at her body. A perfect view!
She had a top on so I guess she was still a bit shy about showing everything but she looked great. Her long black shiny hair was spread out under her body, her long legs were spread wide apart for maximum exposure. She had her eyes closed and was rubbing the head of the dildo back and forth between her legs and I could see she was already wet. She gradually started to work the head into her vagina, sticking it in a little bit then pulling out and kept repeating that, inserting it a bit further each time. Every once in a while she would stop and rest for a few seconds and then continue on. After a while I could start to see her white cream on the dildo so I knew she was getting aroused. Eventually she started to pull it all the way out and then thrust it all the way in till the base of the dildo was butt up against her groin. What a turn on! I don't know where it was all going!
There was no loud music today so I could hear her. At first there was nothing but gradually she started moaning as she played with herself which stimulated me even more. Her faced started to blush deeper and deeper as she got excited. What a turn on, watching a women totally get into pleasuring herself! She was really plunging it in and out fast now constantly varying the angle. I could tell she was getting close. Finally her face turned deep red and she lifted her back off the bed, squeezed her legs in a vice grip around the dildo and exploded. She screamed and her body was shaking like she was having an epileptic fit. Eventually her orgasm faded and she flopped back on the bed with her legs splayed wide open, the huge black dildo still half protruding out of her pussy. What a decadent sight! I was so turned on that I almost came in my pants. I knew I was going to be viewing the video a lot in the future! I thought she was done but then she opened her eyes and smiled at the camera and said "I hope you enjoyed it dad because I sure did". She then pulled the dildo out leaving a gaping hole for a few seconds. That was too much for me and I blew a huge load in my pants!
Katie's Sexual Summer School:
Later I went to see her as 'requested'.
She smiled and asked if I liked it and I told her I loved it and asked her what she thought.
"At first it felt weird doing it but I hooked up the camera to the TV so that I could see what I was doing and got really turned on watching myself. When I thought about you seeing it later it really turned me on and I fantasized about you being there watching me do it. I guess I learned another thing about myself, I'm an exhibitionist! I seem to be learning a lot of new things about myself lately and it has started me thinking what else can I try which is why I wanted to see you"
"I was really embarrassed at first after you saw Randy and I but lately I've been feeling really good. I love the dildo and I feel like you and I are closer than ever. I love the way we can be totally open about sex with each other. I see you looking at me all the time and I like it! It's been a big boost to my ego and seems to have ignited my libido. I'm actually very conscious now of what you are doing when we're in the same room. I often check out of the corner of my eye to see if you're watching me. Sometimes I notice your pants seem a bit hard and it gives me goosebumps."
"I don't even care anymore about my missing friends and boyfriend because most of the time I'm busy at work and when I'm not I feel like I'm in a Sexual Summer School program with a teacher that I really like. I'm frequently aroused and all sorts of sexually related ideas keep popping into my head that I want to try. I know I'm not bad looking but I'm fairly shy so I've never had the nerve to be more aggressive with boys but with you I'm totally comfortable. I feel safe. I feel like I can try anything with no risk and frankly there's a lot of things I want to try!"
"So I have an idea. I want to try some things out next week and watch your reaction and then meet in a week for a 'feedback' session. See what you noticed, find out what you liked and didn't like. What do you think?"
"What kind of things?"
"Dad, I can't tell you ahead of time or that will spoil it. I want to see if you notice my moves and what you think."
'Well I guess that sounds fine. When do we start?"
"Tomorrow"
"Okay, tomorrow it is. I'll be watching!"
"Thanks Dad. This is going to be so much fun! See you later. I've got some planning to do!"
Well the next week just flew by and it was a hoot. It was sexy, silly, funny, exciting you name it, but definitely sexy! She tried out new things on me every day and watched for my reactions. One of the first changes was she started calling me 'daddy' occasionally instead of 'dad'. I don't know why but it really turned me on. Like I had my own little Lolita in the house. Some of her attempted sexy faces were outright funny and I had to suppress laughing. Sometimes she seemed a bit miffed but I just smiled and shook my head as in 'sorry hon, that one's definitely not a keeper'. Some were definitely keepers. She would do versions of 'daddy can you help me with this' and smile really sweet. I guess that one definitely tapped into my paternal instincts because I melted every time she did it. Sometimes she did things to shock and embarrass me. Once she came down for breakfast and stood behind her mother who was sitting across the table from me. She pointed at me and then pointed at herself then stuck her hands in her pyjama pants and start rubbing her crotch, smiling the whole time. She had a pretty good idea of what outfits I liked and hair styles, perfume, etc and I was often treated to my favourites. Nothing trashy, just things I personally liked on her. Occasionally there were trashy short shorts or skirts and tight tops which I obviously liked but they were infrequent because I don't think she had that many and she couldn't wear them with her mother around. I was also treated to braless days with thin tops which were great as well but those were limited in frequency also. I don't think she was trying to go for the total slut look. It was more the subtle expressions and movements that you could try anywhere without being too obvious but obvious enough to get someone's attention. The lingering eye contact with a sexy smile. The throwing back of her long hair to get your attention. The use of 'daddy' instead of 'dad'. Asking for help in a way that tapped into my paternal instincts. Hugs that were a bit stronger and lingered longer than normal. Gentle 'accidental' brushings of her body against mine. She honed her sexy face and pouty face expressions throughout the week and had them down pretty good by the end of the week. Some of the best things were totally non sexual. Sometimes she would just come up to me and sit on my lap and give me a big hug and tell me she loved me then leave. Something she hadn't done in a long time and I really liked it!
Needless to say, I really enjoyed the week! We compared notes at the end of the week and were on the same page for the most part on what worked and what didn't. I could tell she was really pumped and happy with herself. It was a fun, successful, sexy, flattering, empowering game of sexual self discovery for her with no risk from her subject (me)!
I didn't want to put the damper on her feelings of joy but I did feel obligated to caution her.
"You know honey, it's one thing to practice on me but be really careful what you do in public. There are a lot of men who have been raised in families where the dads don't give a dam about treating their wives properly or care about their sexual needs and those guys often take what they want and don't care what you think. If you tease one of those guys you might find yourself getting raped!"
"Jeez Dad, I know, I've heard the stories that happen, date rape, drugs in girls drinks, etc. I'll be careful. I don't want that to happen to me."
"Good, I hope so. On a brighter note there are lots of good looking guys that are really shy and need a gentle push to get going. Your new moves would be perfect to get them to notice you and open up because they're not going to do it on their own, they're just too shy. Also, you're a beautiful women and a lot of guys are intimidated by that so if you want them, take the initiative. Just be careful who you do it to!"
She blushed and said "Thanks Dad. It's nice to hear you think I'm beautiful and I'll try to target the sweet shy nerds with my new sexy momma moves" and giggled.
"So dad can I ask you a question?"
"Sure honey."
"What do you find sexy in a woman?"
"Well, your mom is sexy. She's good looking, friendly, funny, caring, respectful, I trust her totally, you name it."
"Ya, but I mean more what catches your eye."
"Oh, okay, well do you mean in public or in the bedroom?"
"Well I guess in the bedroom."
"Well there are a few things that turn me on. I like really sheer stockings. I like the sheer look and I love the feeling. I like ankle chains. For some reason they really turn me on. In general I like the somewhat sleazy look in the bedroom, not in public but in the bedroom. For example, I love deep red lipstick and deep red nail polish on toenails and fingernails and makeup a little heavier than you'd wear in public. I love black pumps with really high heals. Useless for walking in but they make your legs look great! The shorter the skirt the better, if there is a skirt! I love when a women is aggressive in the bedroom and tells me what she wants sexually and I love when a women talks dirty in the bedroom. Answer your question?"
"Ya, thanks dad. Typical male fantasy!" and laughed.
Katie The Exhibitionist:
Several days later I got a call from Katie's cellphone on my office phone. I knew she was home so why was she phoning me?
"Daddy, can I come see you, it's important!"
She only calls me daddy when she's playing her games so I was instantly curious and said sure.
"Okay, but you have to close your eyes okay? I'll be right there but keep your eyes closed!"
"Okay honey."
A minute later she entered my office and grabbed my hand and said "keep your eyes closed and follow me".
She led me out of my office and down the hall to her bedroom, and sat me down in a chair and gave me some object to hold. Then I heard her get on the bed.
"Okay daddy you can open your eyes now!"
What I saw took my breath away. She was lying on her bed and looked gorgeous. She looked like a Penthouse model. Her back was propped on a pillow against her headboard. Her long black hair was flowing on either side of the pillow. I had never seen her face look so glamorous. She had really done up her face nicely and it made her look older and sexy. She had on a black bustier that pushed her small breasts together and out for maximum cleavage. Her nipples were peaking out over the top of the bustier. No underpants and was totally bare. Totally bare! Her long legs were stretched out and crossed at the ankles and went on for for miles and miles. They were covered in super sheer black nylons and covered by sexy high heel black pumps. There was even a bracelet on her left ankle.
"Honey, you look absolutely gorgeous! You look like a sex goddess"
"Ooo! I like the sound of that. I feel so sexy dressed up like this and I love the sheer feeling of the nylons on my skin. Did you notice I'm wearing all the things that you said you liked on women in the bedroom?"
"I sure did and I love it honey. You look smoking hot!"
"I've been so horny lately and I know how you like to look at me and I like to show myself off so I decided to put on a show for you. Is that okay Daddy?"
"It's definitely okay!"
"I know you like to hear dirty talk in the bedroom so is it okay if I try that too?"
"Definitely!"
"Oh good! I'm so glad your excited! There's just two things I want to to do. I gave you the video camera. Can I get you to videotape me?"
"Sure thing!"
"Also, can I watch you? When I'm doing myself I want to watch you."
"Well of course."
"No I want to watch you, you know, it!"
"Oh!"
"It's only fair. You can see me and I want to see you. No touching, just watching. I want to see what I do to you. I want to see it rock hard while I'm doing myself. I want to pretend it's you going into me. Is that okay?"
"Yes."
"Good, now take your pants off and let me see your 'big cock' and I'll start and don't forget to tape everything! You can move all around and tape me every way just no touching! Okay daddy, no touching?"
"I promise baby."
I quickly pulled my pants and underpants down. My cock was already rock hard so it popped up to greet Katie as it was freed.
"Oh daddy, what a nice fat cock you have!"
She started by slowly running her hands over her exposed nipples on the top of the bustier then caressed the satin material of the bustier and eventually moved down to her legs. Her left leg lifted up and open and she ran her fingers slowly up and down the sheer nylon. As she opened her leg it partially exposed her bare pussy.
"So soft and sheer daddy."
Then she did the same thing with her right leg. Her legs were now splayed totally wide open and her pussy was completely exposed. I felt like diving between her legs and sticking my tongue in as far as it would go.
I was moving around slowly with the camera to get differently angles and closeups, my rock hard cock at full mast twitching with excitement.
"Do you like looking at me daddy with my nipples poking out and my long smooth legs spread wide open for your viewing? I think you do because your big fat cock looks very hard and it keeps twitching"
I could already see a bit of moisture forming between her legs and her nipples were rock hard.
"Daddy, I feel so slutty with my legs spread wide open just for you. You can see everything can't you daddy? You can see my pretty pink pussy lips. I feel so wet. Can you see that Daddy?"
"Yes baby, you look so hot!"
"I'm going to pretend this cock is your cock daddy and I'm going to take your cock now and start to put it in me okay daddy?"
Before she did that she took the huge dildo and laid it on her stomach with the one end positioned where it would enter her.
"Look daddy, see how far your cock is going to be inside me. You're going to be so deep in me, inside my body, you and I joined together."
Fuck I was getting hot. It was such a turn on seeing how far the dildo was going to be in her.
"Well daddy are you ready to fuck me? Stick your big hard fat cock in me?"
She then grabbed the dildo and started to rub the end slowly up and down all around the entrance to her pussy.
She rubbed it around for a bit then looked at me like an innocent 5 year would look at her teacher and said in a childlike voice "Daddy I think there is a problem!". She took her finger and laid it across the width of her opening and said "See how wide this is Daddy" holding out the length of her finger. Then she placed her finger on the dildo and said "See how wide this is daddy" and held her finger out. "It's wider than me! It's not going to fit! What should I do?"
"Well honey, I'd like to first say that I'm proud of you for thinking ahead and not wearing any panties. It's a good sign that you were smart enough to realize they would be in the way."
"Oh thanks daddy. Your approval means so much to me!"
"Now back to your problem. It's been my experience that a women's pussy will stretch a bit if your excited enough and push hard enough."
"Well I'm definitely excited daddy. See this white goo running down my bum?"
"Okay baby, that's good, so the next step is try to push a little bit harder."
"You mean like this?"
She picked up the dildo and placed the head directly at her entrance and started to push. The head was definitely wider than the entrance but she very slowly kept pushing and she gradually stretched wider and wider forming a circle around the dildo head. It was amazing to see her skin stretch wider and wider in a perfect circle. Her eyes were closed and her face blushed and she had a look of total concentration. Then she smiled and relaxed and I looked down and the head had disappeared, gone, hiding inside her.
She looked at me and said in her girly voice "Oh daddy, thanks for your help. That's always the hardest part and I always forget how the stretching part works because it never looks like it's going to fit but it always seems to. I guess I should just not look but I really like to look and I can't help myself!"
"You did good baby!"
It took a while but she slowly kept moving the dildo in and out a bit until eventually the whole thing was inside her and she stopped to rest.
"How does it look daddy to have your whole big cock stuffed all the way in my tiny little pussy daddy? Do you like it?"
"Oh baby it looks fantastic!"
Then she started to pull it out very slowly, pulling the whole thing out except the head. It was amazing to see. It was so wide that it pulled her pussy lips out like a rubber band. Because the dildo was dark brown you could clearly see her white arousal cream all over the dildo. What a turn on.
She waited for a few seconds at the end of her withdrawal for me to get a closeup and then she started pushing it back in very slowly. It was so big that I was expecting it make her stomach ripple like the grass does when a big snake slithers through it but I saw nothing. I guess it was lower inside her than I thought.
She bottomed out and then repeated the process moving faster each time and varying the angle slightly each time. I zoomed in on her face because her eyes were closed and she was getting very flushed and seemed to be concentrating intensely. Then I zoomed in between her legs to catch the dildo at various levels and angles of penetration. It was going to be quite a good video! Finally she exploded in another epileptic fit of shaking and thrashing for a few minutes and then gradually relaxed down onto the bed.
A few minutes later she opened her eyes and said "Did you enjoy the show daddy? I think you did daddy!" as she looked at my cock which was still rock hard and twitching.
"It looks really red daddy. Does it hurt?"
It was so hard and throbbing that it almost did hurt.
"Daddy can I help you with your big hard cock? I think you need some relief. Would you like to blow your load on me daddy? Hmmm, where's a good spot? I don't want you to get my new clothes all messy. Hmmm, where's a good spot? Oh I know, why don't you put it right here where there is no clothing and no messy hair" as she pointed at her bare pussy.
"We need to time this right though daddy. I don't want to waste anything. Do you know when I pull your big cock out that it's going to take a second or two for my pussy to close back up? I want you to shoot your sperm in the hole before it closes back up. Can you do that daddy?"
"I'll do my best baby."
I started stroking. I was so wound up it was only going to take a few seconds.
"Get ready honey, I'm close, really close, when I say 'now' pull out. NOW!!"
She pulled it out quickly and sure enough there was a gaping hole. I moved in quickly and spurted between her legs. Some missed but most of it made it in her 'hole' and then a second later it closed up trapping my hot sperm inside her. Amazing!
She was watching and almost shrieked when she what happened.
'Oh daddy, that so hot. You shot your hot sperm into my little pussy. Do you think I'll get pregnant? My daddy's hot sperm making his little baby pregnant. I don't think it went in far enough to get me pregnant though daddy. I think I need to push it up further."
She then proceeded to push the dildo back in. This time the head popped in easy and she pushed the dildo higher and higher but there was so much sperm inside her in addition to her own lubrication that some started to leak down her ass. Then her pussy started to make vulgar squelching noises as the dildo moved higher and higher.
She started cackling, "Do you hear that daddy? That's so nasty and wicked. I feel like such a total slut. Legs spread wide open in front of you, cum running down my ass, your big cock sliding in and out my slushy pussy, pushing your sperm into my womb. But I'm only your slut daddy, only yours! I'm definitely going to get pregnant don't you think daddy?"
She then went into high gear and started ramming the huge slippery dildo in out of her slimy pussy really fast, spewing a steady torrent of nasty talk out of her mouth. This time it was even more erotic looking because of all the mixed juices draining out of her, the slimy looking dildo and the obscene squelching sounds coming from her pussy. After a few minutes she went silent again and her face got red and I thought is she going to come again? Sure enough a few seconds later she had a major orgasm and then collapsed, exhausted on the bed.
She looked up at me and laughed and said "Unbelievable! I've never had an orgasm so strong, and two orgasms to boot! Did you know I'm multi-orgasmic daddy? I just keep learning new things about myself. Daddy, I hope you got all of that because I definitely want a copy" and she giggled.
"I wasn't too nasty was I daddy? You still love me right?"
"Of course I do. I loved it and I'll definitely be watching the video myself" but after looking at the mess on her groin and the bed I said "You better get the sheets in the wash and cleaned up before your mother gets home and air out the room, it smells like a brothel!"
"Okay daddy, just let me rest a few minutes."
Katie Gets Some Panties:
Katie and I were always playing little pranks on each other. Nothing serious just little things. She got me last so it was my turn and I was trying to think of what to do. Then I saw the perfect idea on the internet. Three days later my 'gift' arrived. I took it out of the plastic wrap and wrapped it up in really nice wrapping paper with a bow and then gave it to Katie.
"What's this dad?"
"Well honey, when you get married you might notice that there will be times when you and your husband are out of sync in terms of sexual interest. For example, I admit that I really have no idea when your mom's period is every month so sometimes I'll approach her and she'll tell me no and I'll push and then she'll finally say she's having her period. Other times she might be tired or just not interested and sometimes my advances irritate your mom."
"To avoid the irritation you should always to communicate with each other. So I've come up with the perfect gift for you when you get married or start dating someone, so that there is no lack of communication. Open the package!"
She opened the box and pulled out the contents. There were 3 pairs of underpants in the box.
"You bought me underwear?"
I picked up a white pair and handed them to her.
"Honey, these are for when you are having your you know what."
She opened them up and looked at a big pair of white cotton granny panties with a big red stop sign on the front and the words:
DETOUR
Maintenance work next 3 days
She giggled and said 'that will definitely keep them away'.
I gave her the next pair which were also a pair of white cotton granny panties.
"These are for when you're not really interested and you think your husband is about to approach you"
She opened them up and there was a red stop sign again with the words:
CAUTION
Bumpy Road Ahead. Use at own risk!
She giggled again and I handed her the final pair. They were a sexy pair of black satin bikini panties and on the front above the crotch there was a green stop light and the words:
Six Lane Highway
No Speed Limit
Slower Traffic Keep Right!
She yelled "Six lane highway! No speed limit! Are you implying I'm stretched like a six lane highway and easy!"
I didn't know what to say because her response was so quick and loud and she really looked irritated. It was just a joke, right? She quickly stood up and moved right in my face and grabbed me for a huge hug. What the heck?
"Did you like that daddy?" she asked with a creepy looking smile.
"Yes"
Then she leaned over and blew on my ear and licked the spot she new I liked.
"Did you like that daddy?"
"Yes".
Then she pushed me on the chair and straddled me and moved her face close to mine and gently nuzzled her nose against mine.
"Did you like that daddy"
"Yes"
"Good. How's your memory daddy?"
"It's pretty good"
Then with only a hair between our faces she very slowly and firmly said "Good, because you're going to need your memory because you're not getting ANY of those things for a LONG while."
I thought she was going to get up then she looked at me with a sneer, the kind you get when you smell the garbage truck go by, and said "Do you know what Kegel exercises are daddy? Well I've been doing them for quite a while and I now have very very good muscle control. When I want, I can stop traffic instantly! I can squeeze a six lane highway down to a tight walking path where nobody moves unless I say so and it's a very tight path! "
Then she whispered in my ear "Not that you'll ever find out".
She jumped off me and started to walk away then paused, pulled her pants down, bent over and mooned me and mouthed "kiss this", smiled and walked off.
A week later Katie came into my office, pulled her shorts down, pointed her finger at my pants and pushed her groin toward my face to show me her panties.
Red stop sign
Smaller traffic use detour!
She giggled and went to leave.
I know I'm not small so I wasn't upset and I was feeling frisky so I quickly jumped up and grabbed her and swung her over my shoulder. She shrieked and tried to get down but I had her tight. I walked over to the bed (my office is in my bedroom) and threw her down and straddled her and started tickling her. Katie is very ticklish so it wasn't long before she was screaming and yelling for me to stop but I continued on. Finally I stopped and she just flopped down relieved the torture was over.
I said 'That will teach you to mess with your daddy!" and laid down beside her with my hand over her stomach both of us breathing hard, smiling at each other. I was going to really miss her in the fall.
Katie The Dominatrix:
"Dad I have another idea I'd like to try"
I thought oh, oh, what now.
"Okay, what's up?"
"Well, you have to promise to hear me out on this one and not interrupt until I'm done, okay?"
"Okay"
"Ive been reading up on couples who have dominant and submissive roles and wondering what that would be like. I'm not talking about nasty stuff where the person gets humiliated just people trying out different roles than what they're used to. Have you ever thought of that?"
"Well I know about it but it's never really appealed to me and your mother has never brought it up."
"But would you be willing to try it out with me?"
"I don't know honey. You're my daughter and I don't think I would feel comfortable making you do those kinds of things."
"I was actually thinking about me being the dominant person."
I instantly had visions of me lying on my hands and knees wearing pink panties and a bra with a butt plug up my ass and a dildo in my mouth, Katie looming over me laughing with a whip in her hand. Very bad image.
"I don't know honey. I'm not really into that kind of thing."
"Dad, I'm not talking about humiliating you. Just a minor role change. After all, I already play the submissive right? I'm the daughter you're the dad. You make the rules, I follow the rules. I just want to try the reverse. We're so close now you know I would never do anything to hurt you. It would kill me if we lost what we've built up this summer."
I did trust her personally but was definitely squeamish about the concept in general.
"What did you have in mind?"
"No bondage, no pain, no insertion of things into your body, just me telling you what to do. How does that sound? Oh, and I'll make it worth your while. I plan to dress up. You remember the last time I dressed up don't you daddy?"
My cock instantly twitched at the memory of our last dress up session. And the 'daddy' thing again. She was really getting good at pushing my sexual buttons.
"I think I still need a few more details."
'Okay, well I'm going to dress up and then I'm going to get you to come to my room like last time and after you enter the room you will address me as 'Mistress' and I will address you as 'Slave'. You will not speak unless spoken to and you will do what I tell you but absolutely no bondage, pain, or insertion of things into your body. I might ask you to take some of your cloths off like last time but we can stop anytime you want because you won't be tied up and you are my dad, you're a lot bigger than me, you own my car and pay for my tuition! I also have a surprise that I think you'll really like."
"No recording at all! I don't the whole world seeing me lick your boots!"
"Absolutely. No recording at all."
"Okay, I'll try it. When?"
"Oh thanks so much dad! It's going to be great fun for both of us. You'll see. How about tomorrow?"
"Okay."
Mistress Katie summoned me the next day by phone.
"I'm ready slave and am leaving to 'collect' you. Make sure you're ready when I get there and not farting around on your computer pretending to work! Mistress Katie KNOWS what you really do all day! Have your eyes closed when I get there"
"Yes Mistress Katie."
She arrived shortly and grabbed my left ear and pulled me down the hallway to her room and sat on the edge of her bed. Then she took my pants and underpants off and pushed me down in front of her. There was a soft mat to rest my knees on so I guess Mistress Katie was a caring mistress.
"You may open your eyes slave!"
I opened my eyes and what a sight. Another variation of Katie the Sex Bomb.
I was kneeling between her wide open legs. She had her long black hair in a tight bun. It was pulled so tight it made her face look severe (scary)! She had on thick black frame reading glasses, so a little bit of the stern librarian look but the rest of her was definitely not librarian like. She had on shiny black lipstick and her finger and toe nails were painted black. She was wearing the same bustier as last time but her nipples were a pink rosy colour like she had put some kind of blush on them. Her sheer nylons were the same as last time but covered for the most part with thigh high leather boots. Her pussy was bare again but her outer pussy lips had the same kind of rosy blush on them that her nipples did. It made her nipples and pussy lips stand out as if they were flushed like her face gets when she's excited. Wow! What a sight!
"Slave, you will keep your head bowed down and only lift it if I say so! The Mistress dresses for herself, not for you, is that clear!"
"Yes Mistress."
I had now seen Katie dressed in two outlandishly slutty outfits and it made me wonder what else she wore when she was out. I was aware of her skimpy swimsuits and short shorts and tight tops but what did she wear when she went out on dates?
"Mistress .."
"QUIET!! You will only speak when addressed. If you have a question you will raise your hand and I may consider your question."
I put my hand up.
"You are pushing your luck slave but since you are new I will excuse your insolence!"
"Mistress, I've noticed that you seem to have a lot of cloths that I have never seen before and wonder how you dress when you go out?"
"I am out and this is what I wear when I'm out but if you are referring to the one called Katie, who I know well, she has outfits for many occasions and she wears them as she sees fit. It is none of the slave's business what she wears! If you ever look in the clothing drawers of the one called Katie you will be severely punished. Am I clear slave!"
"Yes mistress" Oh, Oh talking about herself in the third person, that's not good!
"Mistress .."
"QUIET!! I'm tired of your questions. You have worn out my patience and will not speak until spoken to!"
Bitch!
"Take off my left boot slave."
"Yes mistress."
I unzipped her left leather boot and pulled it off.
"Lick the bottom of my heal."
This kind of surprised me because Katie had never let me touch her before but I guess this was not Katie, it was Mistress Katie. Who was I to argue with Mistress Katie? I moved back a bit so I could stretch her leg out straight and hold her foot in front on my mouth and then flattened my tongue and slowed dragged it across the heel of her nylon clad foot. Mistress Katie groaned. After I lovingly caressed the bottom of her foot with my tongue I took her nylon clad toe and stuck it in my mouth and gently sucked on it. More groans from Mistress Katie. I slowly moved my tongue up her sheer leg, stopping every one in a while to softly kiss her leg, her ankles, her knee, the back of her knee, her thighs, and any other spots that my wife and old girlfriends enjoyed. When I paused at the top of her nylons she said "Other leg slave!" So I repeated the process. By the time I got to the top of her nylons on the other leg I could smell her arousal and see it.
"Lick my nipples slave!"
She leaned forward so that I could reach her nipples on my knees. I gently licked her left nipple to see what she had put on it. It had a mild pleasant taste so I enveloped her whole nipple in my mouth and started to run my tongue around her nipple licking it until all the blush was gone. More groans from the Mistress. Then I repeated the process on the other nipple. Best to be proactive with the Mistress to avoid punishment!
"Do the same thing with my pussy lips but keep your tongue out of my pussy!"
"Yes Mistress."
I was in heaven. I love eating pussy. I love the smell. I love the touch and Katie's pussy was so smooth and smelled delicious. She leaned back and slid her groin towards my face. I gently touched her left pussy lip with the tip of my tongue and started to clean the blush off. My nose was at ground zero and I made a point to breath in as deeply as I could to get the maximum aroma possible. Why breath through your mouth when you can use your nose! When I was done cleaning her left pussy lip I did the right one. Lots of moaning from the Mistress. After I was done the right one I moved my mouth really close and blew softly on the Mistress's pussy. Her whole bottom jerked and she moaned loudly. I had been eying her pink rosebud during the 'cleaning' and it had really started to distract me so before the Mistress could say anything I dove my tongue in and pushed it as far as it would go.
"Oh my God!!"
"Is everything okay Mistress? You only told me to keep my tongue out of your pussy."
No answer. For once the Mistress was quiet.
I returned my tongue to her behind and continued the rim job.
"ENOUGH!! STOP!! You've done well slave!"
Damn straight I'd done well. Katie's pussy was oozing big time, running down her ass and making a big mess on the bed again! I made a mental note to buy a rubber underlay sheet for her bed before the mattress permanently reeked of sex.
"I promised the Katie girl that I would give you a treat for sending me a new slave. Are you ready for your treat?"
"Yes Mistress!"
"Open the box on the floor."
I opened the box and it contained a bunch of leather straps. At first I wasn't sure what it was but then I realized it was a harness for the dildo to make it into a strap on.
"Ah, Mistress, I'm sorry but the Katie girl promised no insertions!"
"Fool, the strap on is for you to service me. You will attach the dildo to yourself and use it to service me."
Wow, from anxiety to massive turn on in one sentence. I was going to get to fuck Katie! Well not me but the dildo attached to me. I would be the big cock filling her up while still not violating my shrinking code of honour in terms of not violating my own daughter. It took me a few minutes to get it all hooked up and it definitely was not meant for someone sporting an erection. My penis was in the way and did not like getting squashed under the harness so it had to go down or up, neither was comfortable. I chose down.
"Lie on the bed on your back slave!"
"Yes Mistress"
After I was on my back the Mistress straddled my legs. The dildo was so long that she had to half stand up to position the head of the dildo under her. Didn't look very comfortable to me but the view was great. She rubbed the tip back and forth against her pussy until it was nice and wet and then started to push down. It went in fairly quickly with little effort. I guess the Mistress had been practicing a lot! Once it was in a certain depth the Mistress was able to relax and drop her knees back to the bed. She rested there, leaning forward over top of me, the dildo half way in.
"Run your hands up and down my legs slave!"
"Yes Mistress."
Her nylon clad legs felt great. I gently dragged my fingers up and down her legs from her ankles up to her thighs, back and forth, back and forth. The Mistress had her eyes closed and seemed to be savouring the sensation of my hands on her legs.
"Rub my nipples slave!"
I covered her nipples with my palms and moved them in a circular fashion, then squeezed her nipples with my fingers. Then I started to pull them out, twisting them around.
"Harder slave!"
I really started to squeeze her nipples hard and pull them out really far. I guess she liked it a bit rough.
The Mistress began to move again. She moved back and forth against the dildo pushing it deeper and deeper into herself until it was totally engulfed. Then she slowly lifted herself up until she was sitting totally upright on me. After a minute she started to slowly move up and down the dildo, gradually moving faster and faster. The sweat was run running off her face and some of her hair from the bun had come lose and was pasted on her sweaty face.
"Rub my clit slave!"
I pushed my thumb against her clit and started to rub it in circles.
"Harder!"
I rubbed harder and harder and then I started to see the tell tale signs. Her face was beet red again and had that look of total concentration. Then she popped! and started thrashing around. It was one thing to see it from a distance but totally different to be underneath it. I instinctively moved my hands up to gently hold her sides. I didn't want to distract from her orgasm but I was afraid she might flop off the bed and hurt herself.
Her spasms gradually petered out and then she flopped forward on my chest with her sweaty face nuzzled against my neck.
After a minuted I asked "Mistress are you okay?"
"Oh my god dad! That was incredible! It was the best yet! My groin literally exploded and I completely lost control of my body. I felt like I might get whiplash. I'm glad you were holding me. My groin is still throbbing and twitching! Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! I owe you big time. Was I too mean to you? I really got into the role after a bit. I hope I wasn't too much of a bitch!"
"It was fine honey. No harm done and it was quite the show. Your outfit is awesome and I loved being able to help out. I definitely have to get out of the harness though. My penis and balls are all squashed!"
"Sorry about your squashed penis but your involvement made it so much better! I love the dildo but it's a distraction having to do all the work. It's so long that it's a stretch for my arms to pull it all the way out. This time I was able to totally concentrate on the feeling of the dildo with no distractions. When you ran your fingers up and down my legs and played with my nipples it sent little tingles down to my groin. Little tingles from my legs and nipples travelling down to jolt my pussy. I almost started to hyperventilate when you licked the blush off my lips. I couldn't believe my 'dad' was licking between my legs. It was such a nasty thought! Then you stuck you tongue in my ass! What a dirty nasty daddy you are and when you rubbed my clit it started throbbing so much that I could hardly stand it and then I lost it! Just the whole taboo idea of my dad touching me and 'fucking me' had my libido racing at 100mph!"
"The Mistress mentioned that you have 'outfits for many occasions and wear them as you see fit'. Now that I know, I guess I won't feel guilty looking through your draws for unacceptable attire!"
"Dad, the Mistress likes you but she WILL hurt you if need be and it would be out of my hands!"
"Honey, now that the Mistress is gone we need to talk. I would be lying if I said I didn't absolutely love today's session. You are a gorgeous women and I'm a middle aged man who has never fooled around on your mother. That means I've never touched another women for 20 years. Now there is a gorgeous 19 year old sex bomb in my house and she is constantly flirting with me and flaunting her beautiful body. I even have two porn movies of her! I don't know how much more I can take! I'm thinking about you all the time and I know that if you said 'daddy, let's fuck' I would with no hesitation and that's not good!"
"I know dad. My fantasies have kind of spiralled out of control lately. When I got to try my moves out on you that first week I thought that would be it but that just got me going! Instead of my bucket wish list being completed it just kept filling up with new wishes and every new fantasy was more raunchy than the last one. You can't imagine some of the nasty things I have thought about lately! You seemed to really like everything I did which encouraged my imagination to run wild. I'm addicted to flirting with you now. I crave the attention. I love seeing you look at me. It makes me feel so wanted and hot. I'm aroused almost all the time. I know that if you had wanted me today, I would have let you, and loved it, even though I know in my non-aroused moments, that's not good, and needs to stop before something bad happens."
"College is only 2 weeks away so I think there should be no more get togethers like this. They are just too dangerous. I don't trust myself. The flirting is fine. I love it and I'm going to miss it terribly when you're gone because I just love being so close to you! I love it when we just hug and sit together. I love it when we talk about everything. I feel so lucky to have gotten so close to you."
"Agreed. No more get togethers like this. It's too risky, plus if I get really desperate I still have my videos! College is only a few hours away and I plan to come home and visit and you are going to visit me aren't you daddy?"
"Definitely honey."
"Maybe the Mistress will even want to see you at my apartment!"
"You are definitely NOT taking those cloths to College!
She laughed and I left.
Katie Leaves for College:
The drive to the college only took two hours. Two hours later all of Katie's stuff was unloaded into her one bedroom apartment. We were both sweaty so we showered and cleaned up.
"You ready for supper?"
'What about pizza dad?"
"Actually this is going to be the last time I'm going to see you for a while so I had something more formal in mind."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, I'm really going to miss you honey so I wanted tonight to be special. How would you like to go out on a date with your dad to a fancy restaurant?"
"Ooo that sounds great! I've got all my cloths so I'll change into something nice."
"I thought you wouldn't mind so I brought a change of cloths as well"
I went to the rental van and grabbed the bag with my suit. Katie was in the bathroom changing so I went into her room and quickly changed into my suit then waited for Katie on the coach.
She looked beautiful and classy when she came out and twirled around to give me a show. Her black shiny hair was all brushed out. Her makeup looked perfect. She had on a classy looking black skirt that went down to her knees and a white silk top. Her sheer nylons highlighted her long legs that were finished off with sexy high heel pumps.
I stood up to go and she said "Look at you dad! Looking hot!"
"Same to you honey! Ready to go?"
Katie picked out a restaurant that had some good reviews and it was fairly close to her apartment. We were early so we didn't need a reservation. I was the perfect gentleman, opening the car door, escorting her by the arm into the restaurant and pulling out her chair to sit on. It was the first time I had ever did that for her and I felt like a young guy out on a hot date.
I ordered a bottle of wine and no one said anything when I pored Katie a drink probably because she looked much older than her age with her makeup and clothing. The young male server had no trouble looking down her top and legs. In fact Katie got lots of looks. Sounds stupid but I felt proud that I was the one she was with. The food was excellent and we talked for what seemed like hours and hours. We could talk about anything and of course there were lots of things to talk about with her going to college in a new town. I reminded her to be careful who she tried her 'sexy momma' moves on to try to liberate as many shy guys as possible without sleeping with them all!
We both started to get tired. It had been a long day. When we got to her apartment she continued our 'date' game and coyly asked if I'd like to come in for a nightcap. Of course I said yes. She sat on the couch and kicked off her heels and I pored two glasses of wine, the only 'food' in the fridge! I sat down beside her and she swung her legs over mine while I put my arm around her shoulders and pulled her close. We sat there contently for a while just holding each other and not saying anything. Eventually I felt her body relax and looked over and she was asleep. I picked her up and carried her to her bed and pulled the covers down. She was still half asleep so I removed her skirt and blouse and covered her up. I went to get up but she grabbed my arm and asked if I would lie down with her. I took off my shirt and pants and socks and snuggled up behind her with my nose nuzzled into her hair, wrapped my arm around her stomach and drifted off.
I woke up a few times in the night and she was in various positions. She had rolled away the first time. The next time she was curled up in a fetal ball with just her bum against me. Then she was beside me with her long leg draped over mine. At dawn I opened my eyes and she was staring into my eyes smiling at me.
"That was so nice dad, feeling your body up against mine. It was like I was in a warm, soft, safe cocoon."
In the light of day I noticed that her pillow looked a lot like my pillow from home. The only reason I noticed is that I have an extra wide pillow.
"Honey is that my pillow?"
"Yes" she said sheepishly.
"Why do you have my pillow?"
"Because I took it".
"Why?"
"Because it has your smell and I thought it would help when ..."
"It's okay. You keep it. I'll get a new one scented up for you for your next visit home."
We both got up. It was time for me to leave so we stood at the door for a long time hugging, both of us misting up.
"Honey be careful okay? We were living in a beautiful dream this summer but the real world is not always so nice."
Then I left.