Author's Note - In part one it's established that Claire, Tom and Jim are 18.
---
As I drove home from my mall adventure there was the usual excitement and disbelief, with images of what I'd done crowding everything else from my mind. As the day wore on, however, it began to seem as if I was partly holding back from just reveling in it. It wasn't regret or even really embarrassment, but I was having trouble reconciling just how right it felt in the moment with what I'd actually done. I had given a someone I didn't know a blow job in public. I still had some limits, it seemed.
My initial thoughts had been to head back out to another mall the very next day, but after living with my feelings that evening I decided to hold off for now. I wasn't concerned but it did seem perhaps best to draw back a little and give myself some time to decide exactly where I should draw my boundaries.
I decided to start thinking about my real life again instead. At the end of the summer I would be off to the local college, and while I'd still stay at home it was an exciting prospect that I hadn't spent much time on. Sadly it was also mostly logistics at the moment, books to buy and read in preparation and campuses to get familiar with, so, as the day after wore on I found myself thinking of the people I'd met recently and what they might be up to.
More importantly I found myself wondering why they hadn't been in touch. Jim had surely found out about my show as a maid and the pictures online, wasn't he jealous? Geoff was curious about what happened at the restaurant, wasn't he? And didn't Tom want to try and spank me again? By early evening my head was again distracted by thoughts of my recently discovered pastime.
The next morning without thinking too much I checked who was home on either side of my house, telling myself it was just to know if they might be in touch. As it happened I was disappointed, it seemed at least one of Tom's parents was there while Geoff wasn't. I went back to trying to read but it was slow going and the day dragged again until early afternoon when I heard the doorbell ring.
I hesitated only very slightly and then made my way to answer it with mild excitement. I told myself it was very likely to be a delivery but it was Tom and he stood exuding his usual slightly nervous energy.
"Hi, Claire, can I, er, come in?" He was carrying a messenger bag and looked like he was on his way somewhere.
"Yes, of course." I stepped back and we went through to the front room.
I was curious but also more detached than I'd been previously. I was expecting him to have some scheme involving me pretty soon losing my clothes, but although I wanted to hear it I felt like I might be able to say no. He hesitated, wondering whether to sit while I calmly walked to a chair and sank into it. In the end he opted for the sofa, putting the bag he was carrying down next to him.
"This is a nice surprise."
He smiled.
"I was wondering if you might get in touch, it's been a little while."
"Oh, only a week or so."
"A bit longer I think, and we had been seeing a lot of each other before that." Obviously I slightly emphasised "a lot".
"Well, yeah, I." I didn't help him out, waiting for the sentence to continue. "I guess I didn't know if you were OK with," another pause, "you know, what happened."
"Do you mean spanking me with a ruler or getting pictures of me naked put on the internet?"
Tom was blushing at this point. "I, er, both, I suppose."
"Or maybe just making me strip for your friends in the first place."
He was mostly staring at his shoes now. Normally I'd let him off the hook at this point, but today I decided to just see what happened.
"I'm sorry." More staring. "I just thought you were into it all, you know?"
He looked up at me, I tried to keep a neutral expression.
"I suppose I got carried away but, I mean, you could have just left and." He seemed to gather himself slightly. "You came round dressed like that."
He was managing to hold my gaze a little bit.
"It really didn't feel like I was forcing you to do anything."
There was a flicker of the person who'd decided to take advantage of me last week, if I was honest it felt good to see. I shrugged, "fine, if that's the way you see it."
He watched me, still a little unsure but this time I did break the silence. "Why did you come round today, then?"
"It's Jim, he's back, and.."
"He's upset he missed the show?"
"Kind of."
"Only kind of? That doesn't sound like Jim."
"Yeah, he was pissed off, but that's not why I'm here now. It's that, you know, I think we should do something for him."
"You think or he's making you?"
"I think." I continued to just stare slightly sceptically. "He has mentioned a few things, but he doesn't know I'm here. It's my idea."
"I see, and I suppose by us you actually mean me, and by doing something you actually mean taking my clothes off for him?"
Despite his growing confidence he was still squirming through most of this conversation, while I was loving it. It seemed exactly what I needed.
"It did seem a bit unfair that I got to see you, you know." He waved his hand vaguely.
"Completely naked in your living room?"
He looked at me, again more nervous. "Well, Jim just got to see the pictures, so also, er, with your legs, um, apart." The sentence tailed off again. " And us sat watching."
The memory and the way Tom talked about it made my stomach flip slightly, I wondered if my more firm act was slightly undermined by a slight blush. I tried to carry on in the same vein anyway.
"Yeah, I guess it maybe was unfair." I smiled a little as I carried on. "But there's plenty of guys who haven't seen me do anything at all, do they all have to get their fair share as well?"
"No." I waited till he'd gathered his thoughts again. "It's just with Jim, we'd always done it together, the three of us. I think he felt left out."
I smiled internally, it was almost as if Tom thought the three of us were in a club together. A perfectly normal group of friends, it's just our shared interest was my body. Though, when I thought of it like that it seemed a pretty accurate description.
"I suppose it was the three of us that started this, even if lots has happened since then."
There was a slight pause while we both considered thing, then Tom hesitatingly asked, "lots?"
I remembered that he didn't really know what I'd been up to without him. I decided to try and move on without addressing the point.
"I'm not saying yes or anything, but what did you have in mind?"
He shuffled forward in his seat enthusiastically. "Well, the reason he hasn't come round himself is that after he got back from holiday his parents made him take a job, he needs the money to start college."
"OK."
"Yeah, so I figured we could go round and surprise him. He works at a cinema not far away."
"You want me to go strip for him in a cinema?!"
"No, not strip. I figured you could just wear something a bit revealing and maybe let Jim see you. Just a bit of fun while he has to work."
"Well, that sounds pretty easy." I was obviously surprised it was so little and was practically agreeing already. "What sort of thing did you have in mind? I'll have to have a think about what I have."
"I, er, brought something that I think would work." He looked at his bag.
I smiled. "You did, did you?"
"Yeah." He paused. "I didn't know what you'd have and I saw it yesterday and."
"You like getting clothes for me, don't you?"
He smiled slightly nervously but then decided to own it. "Yeah." He looked at me almost confidently in the end.
"Well, I don't mind. Let's see it."
He opened the bag and pulled something out, spreading it and holding it up for me to see. It looked very small and I realised it was an off white, short tube dress in what seemed a stretchy material. It would need to stretch a fair amount just for me to get it on. It seemed when Tom said revealing he wasn't messing about.
"I think that Jim would see a fair amount of me." I looked at it. "Do you know how transparent it is, would people see my underwear?"
"I don't think it's transparent but I, er. I was thinking you'd wear it without any underwear."
I looked at him slightly surprised. "I don't think I could wear that in public without underwear, Tom." I was beginning to get a little worried and also quite excited, completely public exposure wasn't something I'd done yet.
"In fact I'm not sure I could wear it in public at all, it's very short and I think it would be skin tight."
"You'd look great!" Tom was his usual enthusiastic self. "And you can wear a coat until we get to where Jim works, so you'd be covered up most of the time."
I thought about the coats I had. If I wore anything too big I'd look like I was naked underneath it and it was the height of summer anyway, but the seasonal jackets I had wouldn't really cover all the dress. I had to try it on, though, I was already curious about how it would look.
"I guess I'll see how it looks on first."
I stood up intending to get the dress and Tom stood as well, I reached to take it but he hesitated.
"Do you, er, need any help?"
I smiled. "To try on a dress? I think I'll manage."
He nodded. "Yeah, but if you wanted my opinion on how it looks.."
"You want to come watch me change?"
He waited not actually saying it. It obviously wouldn't be the first time.
"Wouldn't that be even more unfair on Jim?"
"Yes, I suppose." He seemed to accept this as a no.
I took the dress and wondered what to say next. I couldn't resist dropping a small hint.
"Well, my bedroom door doesn't lock so, " I shrugged, "it's between you and your conscience." I gave him my biggest smile and made my way out.
As I got to my room it didn't seem like Tom was following yet. I really wasn't sure if I wanted him to watch or not, I was already mostly focused on how the dress would look and if I dared go outside in it.
I quickly took off what I'd been wearing and held the dress up to see how best to get it on. As I expected it was just a stretchy tube, so I stepped in and pulled it up my legs. The material felt very thin and light as it slid across my skin.
I settled it in place around my hips and smoothed down the skirt. When I had it sitting where it seemed to want to it reached not quite half way down my thighs. Sitting down without panties would be a tricky business. Well, tricky if I didn't want people to see up the skirt. If I did want them to see it would be very simple.
I shuffled the dress across my tummy, I could see the material tightly gripping my form and I wondered how much it would squash my breasts or if it would give enough to have them sit, and no doubt bounce, fairly naturally. As I began to ease it up over my boobs I heard footsteps on the stairs. Tom had cracked.
I smiled, he was really too late but I quickly decided to give him a break. I waited with the dress just slightly below my boobs until I heard the door start to creak open. I held my position for a short beat then pulled the dress into place before looking up to see Tom paused in the doorway.
"Bit late I'm afraid."
He didn't answer but walked slowly into the room, his eyes locked on my body as usual. "Wow, Claire, you look great."
As ever hearing a guy say that did its work, I felt the warm glow of exhibitionism. To be honest that was all I felt, the dress seemed as if it wasn't even there.
Tom wandered closely around me, it made a change from me spinning about I supposed. I looked down, the dress was actually choosing the best of both worlds with my breasts. It ended low enough to offer lots of cleavage, however it also stretched remarkably and they hung against my body seemingly freely. The dress did seem completely opaque but it was thin enough that my nipples were already noticeable.
"Is it what you expected?"
"Oh yeah, Jim will love it."
"I can't wear this in public, though, can I? I mean, I feel like I'm naked and it barely covers me. Everyone will be staring!"
Tom hesitated, that was clearly the whole point. "Don't worry, you'll have your coat. Besides, it's just a party dress that girls wear, it's not anything unusual. They sell it in the mall just next door to where Jim works."
I looked down at me again. "I don't think anyone wears dresses like this to watch a film."
Tom sounded ever more enthusiastic as he continued to closely inspect my body in the tiny, tight dress. "Yeah they do, some girls anyway."
We both knew what sort of girls he meant. We both knew that I was pretty much one of them.
"I guess they might."
I saw him look down to the knickers I'd discarded on the floor.
"Are you wearing any.."
"No underwear, as ordered." I said with mock seriousness.
He looked slightly embarrassed by his question, but only slightly.
"Do I need to prove it?" I kept the serious tone.
He shuffled his feet. "That's OK."
I softened a little. "I'm pretty sure you noticed I didn't have a bra on when you came in."
He ignored me. "Well, we can get going then. He started at one, I think." He looked at his watch, clearly impatient for the off.
"I think I need to put on some make up and maybe fix my hair as well. To go out in public I need to look like someone who wears this sort of thing all the time, so." I shrugged, I didn't quite say I needed to look like a bimbo but it was heavily implied.
"Yeah, that sounds a good idea."
We looked at each other for a moment, as ever I'd agreed to the plan without actually saying so or even really noticing. "I'll see you downstairs in a bit?"
"OK."
Tom headed down and I grabbed my makeup bag and went though to my Mum's dresser. Although I didn't wear much normally she wore it every day and had taught me well, so I was pretty confident in what I was doing. Though, as it took shape, not entirely confident I could go out like that.
I used a lot of quite pale foundation, loads of mascara and painted my eyebrows prominently. I then added a fair amount of pink eye liner, blusher and lip stick. The effect looked exactly as I'd imagined though it was slightly strange to see myself like that. It looked like I wanted men to stare at me, and I supposed I did.
Then I combed my hair, which was still around shoulder length, and shaped it using way more hair spray than I normally do. By the end it hung in strands and slight curls framing my face and sometimes falling across it to hide one eye. It was simple but it was also obviously done so that people would notice me. I studied myself in the mirror for a little while more but my job was done. Without thinking too deeply I got up and headed down to join Tom.
My extra preparation clearly found an appreciative audience, Tom looked even more slack jawed as I entered the living room again.
"Wow, Claire, you look.."
I laughed. "You've already said that."
"I know, but. Honestly, you look like a." He hesitated. "You know, a model."
I think he meant a particular kind of model but it didn't bother me, it was what I'd been aiming for after all. My planned restraint was gone and I was firmly back in the mood of not thinking about what I was doing. The part of me actually taking note seemed far away and pretty powerless.
"So, shall we go?"
"Don't you need a coat as well? And some shoes?"
"Of course." I hadn't thought about the coat for a while but it still seemed for the best. "I can get them from the hall on the way out."
Tom followed me and watched as I slipped on some high heels, no doubt enjoying the show as I bent over slightly. I opened the closet and quickly picked a light grey hoodie, it would go quite nicely and if I zipped it up would cover most of me while still letting the dress peek out beneath. If I zipped it up. For the moment, however, I let it hang open.
"Shall we?"
"Claire, is it OK if I pick you up at the bottom of the street?"
"What? Why?"
"My Dad's at home and my car's on the drive, if he saw you dressed like that then." He let the sentence trail off, it was fairly obvious what he meant.
"What does he think you're doing now?"
"I said I was going for a walk."
"I guess that's OK." I zipped up my hoodie. "Shall I go first?"
"Yeah, I think so, I won't be able to wait too long on the road."
"Right then." I was more nervous now, just walking along the road alone hadn't been part of my mental image of the journey. That said our sleepy neighbourhood was surely far less populated than where we were going. I opened the door, gave Tom a little wave and headed out.
Straight away I could feel the sun and air on my legs. As I walked briskly down the road all that could be heard was the click clack of my heels on the pavement. I felt my bum sway and the hoodie almost immediately rode up to my hips. I wondered if Tom had set off yet but I was hesitant to look back.
As I was half way down I heard the inevitable sound of an engine behind me. I wondered if I should pull the hoodie down but thought that might just call more attention to myself. As it approached I tried to act normally but was aware of every part of my body as it moved. I watched as the car pulled by and then away, a man driving obviously doing his best to catch a few more glimpses of me as he passed. If anything I felt my confidence grow, worrying about it being someone I knew seemed very far off.
I got to the bottom of the road and turned the corner. It would be busier here, though for the moment no one was about. I wondered how long Tom would be.
After a short time the first car passed on the other side of the road, it wasn't obvious if the guy driving had seen me but it seemed likely. I found myself tugging my hoodie down as the next one approached and passed, this time a woman obviously doing a mild double take in my direction. From then on there was a steady stream, I found myself wishing Tom would hurry up.
The biggest reaction I got was from a man who looked to be in his 40s, he passed on my side of street and had obviously seen me in time to slow down as he went by. He smiled at me and I found myself smiling nervously back. He carried on slowly for a while but then pulled over and started backing towards me. I wondered what to do but there wasn't really anything I could do, I just waited till he again pulled along side. His window was already down.
"Hello there."
"Hello." I saw him looking down at my legs a few times.
"I couldn't help noticing you just standing here, do you need any help?"
"No, I'm fine." I paused. "Someone's just coming for me."
"Oh, right."
I smiled and hoped he'd leave, but he didn't drive off.
"It's pretty unusual to see a girl like you around here."
"Is it?" I didn't really know what he meant, or what to say.
"Yes, it's a pretty quiet place."
"Oh, right." I tried to sound as bored as I was nervous.
There was a pause, he looked at me and my body, then up and down the street and then back again.
"Look, if you've someone coming soon could I just get something quickly? Maybe you could show me your body on the back seat?"
He talked quickly and quite quietly, but I heard him fine. I froze horrified, I couldn't really believe it.
"I, er, I don't do that sort of thing. I'm just waiting for a friend."
From the way his face fell I could tell that my own startled expression and slightly terrified speech had been quite convincing. He suddenly started stammering himself.
"Oh, look, I didn't know. I." He looked around again. "You're really waiting for a friend?"
"Yes." Part of me was of course wondering why I didn't go with it and expose myself to him like I had to quite a few other guys. It wouldn't have even been the first time I got paid for it.
"Wow, look, I really am sorry. I." He looked at me again and shook his head. "The way you look, you can't blame me."
I didn't reply and after a few more glances he drove away. I stood there feeling slightly strange but Tom appeared after a minute or so, he stopped sharply and I got inside.
"Sorry, Claire, I ended up chatting to my Dad a little. I couldn't tell him you were waiting, obviously."
"That's fine but let's go." I didn't bother filling him in about what had just happened.
We set off and the drive over was short and uneventful, we were soon pulling into the car park.
"OK, er, there it is. I'll wait for you here."
It was the local multiplex which I knew well, though I felt Tom was rushing me a little.
"OK, but where's Jim. I can't just be wandering round looking for him like this."
"He'll be in the lobby, either cleaning up or on one of the counters. You can just go and talk to him."
"In the lobby? With everyone else around?" As it got closer I was starting to get nervous, the dress was short and, as I was now keenly aware, I looked a bit like a prostitute.
Tom looked slightly worried and like he didn't know what to say, but also as if he couldn't quite understand why I was worried about people seeing me.
"Well, yeah, but." He shrugged. "There won't be that many people, it's early."
"I dunno." I did know really, I was certainly nervous and apprehensive but wasn't close to considering asking to go home. "You have to come with me."
"The idea was it was just you and him. You know, like it was just me the other week."
"Come to the door then. Just inside." I looked at him. "Come on, Tom, I've never worn anything like this in public before."
He hesitated only slightly this time. "OK."
He got out of the car and walked round to open my door. I waited a few more moments, gathered my hoodie around me and then stepped out.
The walk across the car park was pretty anti climactic. There was hardly anyone about and it seemed my hoodie made me fairly nondescript from a distance as those that were paid no attention whatsoever. We reached the door and went inside.
The lobby was a large, mostly open space with separate counters for tickets and food, and then the doors to the cinemas along two walls towards the back. They usually checked tickets as people went inside so we shouldn't have any trouble finding Jim. It was not too crowded and as we stepped to one side and started looking for him I still felt largely OK.
"There he is."
Tom pointed and I could see Jim towards the back of the room, he was sweeping the floor and hadn't noticed us.
"OK, off you go." Tom was still all business. "I'll take your coat." He reached out to slip my hoodie from my shoulders.
"What? No! You don't need my coat." I still didn't feel quite ready to be exposed in public.
Tom hesitated, but only slightly. "But, Claire, you can't go over with your coat still on. The whole point is to surprise him." I thought I could hear him getting slightly exasperated with me
"I could maybe just show him a little of the dress out here. Maybe find somewhere a bit more private for more?"
I was still objecting, but given how little I wanted people to look at us I kept my voice quiet and it was weak. Tom had taken a good grip of the hoodie and it seemed the more discreet course of action was to let him take it.
"You'll be fine. You look great."
I couldn't stop myself from holding on slightly as he took the hoodie off both shoulders. Soon, however, it was gone and he took a step back. I saw him give my body a once over, nodding to himself as he did. I looked down and a jolt of fear ran through me as I saw again just how little I was wearing while the noise of a public place very obviously surrounded me.
I could see the hem was sat above mid thigh, and I knew from experience it would immediately ride a few inches higher as soon as I set off walking. I couldn't stop myself from reaching down to try and pull the hem slightly lower, but it was a useless gesture. Even moderate force would slip the dress off my boobs and let them bounce free.
"OK, off you go," Tom said in a quiet voice. I looked up and he was already edging away, he clearly wanted me to move away from him as soon as possible. I realised that the only way to end this exposure was to get it over with.
Jim was still obliviously cleaning the floor what seemed liked miles away. I could already see a few people glance my way and I was so self conscious I wondered if I could remember how to walk. I somehow set off.
I made a beeline for Jim, trying to control my pace but also trying to go as quickly as I dared. I felt every part of my body move as I went and the air flow across my thighs coupled with the way my breasts and bum bounced slightly in motion meant I really did feel naked. From the looks I attracted as I went it seemed I might as well be. No one said anything, but I could see and feel the attention which got stranger and stronger as I went.
After a while I noticed some people just openly watching. They had obviously spotted me early and became more interested as I approached. A man on his own just stared with a blank expression on his face as I passed, while two guys around my age took as many long glances as they dared from a vantage point leant against a wall.
I was also attracting the odd look of surprise, confusion or worse from a few women, which kept me from really starting to enjoy the male attention. While this was a dress you might wear casually with a top and some tights, on its own and with my make up meant I was very obviously out of place. I hoped I looked like someone who had misjudged things rather than part of some practical joke or strip show, and I tried to put worry from my mind as I got closer to Jim. Whatever else I felt, there was still the part of me that wanted to put on a good show for him.
As I crossed the last few feet I saw him look up. He first looked bored, then briefly very surprised, then as I began to speak he composed himself as if I were a normal customer. He clearly hadn't recognised me yet. We were enough away from anyone that they shouldn't overhear our conversation, and without really thinking I decided to try and see how far I could go before he figured out it was me.
"Hello, could you have a look at something for me?" I tried to sound casual as I leant towards him slightly with a finger lightly nestled between my boobs and touching the top of my dress. It had the effect I wanted.
"Oh, er, yeah, I. What was it?"
Jim's eloquent speech was accompanied by him fumbling with the broom and taking 3 or 4 glances down my dress before I straightened up.
"Well, it's just over there." I pointed vaguely but I was rumbled already.
"Claire? Is that you?" Jim sounded surprised but pretty certain of the answer. I dropped my act and smiled.
"Hi, Jim, I wondered how long it would take you."
Once he was sure he took the opportunity to look at me directly, running his eyes over my body.
"Wow, you look amazing."
"Thanks." I smiled wider, that sort of thing really never seemed to get old for me.
"But, I mean. Wow." He glanced around, seeming to remember where we were. "Can you really wear that here?"
"No one's stopping me so far."
I tried to sound far more confident than I was. I was even uncertain of basic things like where to put my arms as I stood, my instinct was to try and cover up but I tried to fight it leaving them hanging stiffly by my sides.
"Yeah, I know, but." He looked over to where the two guys were still watching me closely. They studiously avoided eye contact.
"Don't worry, I won't stay long."
He looked back at me, uncertain but also excited. "OK, er, why are you here?"
"Well, we haven't seen each other for a while, and I heard you were working here."
"Did Tom tell you?" His face darkened slightly.
"Yeah, but let's not talk about Tom. I came to see you!"
I saw him study my face, seemingly trying to decide if he should get annoyed or not. From what I knew of Jim then he would have been pretty angry when he heard about the other week, I hoped he wouldn't dwell on that. I decided to try and get him thinking of something else.
"So, what do you think of my dress?"
I figured a spin might be a bit too blatant for where we were, so I pushed my breasts forwards and ostentatiously looked down at my body. My nipples were visible as the dress tightly clung to my curves, at least for the parts of my body it actually covered. I tried to ignore the extended audience I could see from the corner of my eye and imagine us back in my bedroom that first time.
Jim looked closely, seemingly now fully occupied with that task. I took the opportunity to step closer to him.
"God, Claire. Are you wearing any underwear at all?"
I smiled up at him. "That would be telling."
He looked down again, I saw his hand start to move towards me but it stopped fairly quickly.
"Oh, shit." He had looked up and his face seemed worried again.
"What is it." I made to turn but Jim grabbed my arm lightly.
"Some woman is talking to my boss and pointing this way. I think she probably doesn't like what you're wearing."
"Is it that bad?" I started to say, but Jim was already pushing me to get me moving. We headed over to a nearby staff door.
"Let's go through here, I don't think he quite spotted us."
We came out into a corridor, and Jim quickly ushered me along and then though another door to the left. I quickly found myself stood facing him in a smallish supply cupboard. I looked around briefly.
"Is this where you take all the girls?"
"Sorry, Claire, but I'm pretty sure you'd get kicked out."
I laughed a little, the adrenaline from the public experience was leaving me slightly and I was beginning to relax. "I suppose it is a bit risqué for an afternoon at the movies."
"Yeah, I can't believe you're wearing that in public."
This time as he looked there was nothing stopping him from reaching out and taking hold of the fabric, picking the hem up slightly from my thigh as he rubbed it between his fingers.
"Does it pass your inspection."
"God, yeah. I wish you'd have shown it to us in your bedroom the other week."
I chuckled slightly again. "I dunno, I bet if I'd have put this on instead of that bikini you'd have complained."
"Yeah, I suppose." He took a moment to think about it, then suddenly sprang into action with a smile on his face.
"OK, turn round," he said patting me on either side of my hips. I turned without thinking too much and he held me at the waist as I went.
"Right, let's check what I was asking about earlier." As he said this he ran a hand across to the small of my back and pushed me lightly forwards. I quickly found myself using my hands against some shelving to support myself. Jim's grip at my hips kept my legs straight so I bent at the waist.
I had already let out a "hey" when I felt both of Jim's hands drop to the bottom of my dress. It was fairly obvious what he was about to do so I reached back and grabbed one of his wrists. It wasn't with any real force but it made him stop.
"What do you think you're doing?" I sounded flushed all of a sudden.
"Checking if you're wearing any underwear." He was trying to sound matter of fact but couldn't keep some slight amusement from his voice.
I hesitated, given what we'd done in the past and how I was obviously there to show off, I couldn't really complain about his assumptions. My pause lingered and he carried on.
"Isn't this why you're here? To make up for last week with Tom?"
The more entitled he acted the more I felt like resisting. I stood back up, we were very close together now and Jim still held me at each hip. I could feel his body touching me lightly on my bum, I knew what part of him it must be.
"I don't think I need to 'make up' for anything, but I came to show you the dress, and." My sentence trailed off, I still didn't have that good of an argument. Besides, I knew I would eventually let him lift my skirt up no matter what.
"Come on, Claire, I heard what you did with Tom and the rest, it's only fair."
Jim definitely seemed to think he was owed something. I could feel him taking a firmer grip on the hem of my dress and if only to stop him lifting it without my permission I gave in.
"OK, fine, just a quick peek."
I don't think I even finished the sentence before Jim pulled the dress up with both hands. It was immediately clear his intention was to take it off completely, and once again taken by surprise I found myself helping him without thinking. My arms raised instinctively as the fabric slid up quickly and I yelped slightly as a few strands of hair were trapped and pulled out, but by then I was already naked. Jim had slipped it completely off my body with incredible ease.
"Jim! What, the?!"
I stepped forwards away from him as far as the tiny space allowed and turned around. If I was trying to stop him getting a look at my nakedness it wasn't the best move but I was still just shocked at how fast things had progressed. I hugged one hand across my boobs and waved the other about in gesticulation.
"What do you think you're doing?!"
Jim also took a step back, he was smiling as he held my dress bunched up in one hand clearly taking in as much of me as possible.
"Well, it seemed the easiest way to check." He paused. "As I thought, no underwear at all."
"I said just a peek!"
"This will be just a peek, I have to get back out there fairly quick or someone will notice I'm gone."
Although it had been unanticipated, now that it had happened I wasn't worried by being naked in front of Jim, my anger was largely from shock and even that was fading fast. Now I was in a private setting and with someone I knew I was on comfortable ground.
I looked at him for a few more moments but I felt my body relax and my breathing get under control again.
"I can't believe you. I try to do you a favour, and this is how you treat me immediately." As I spoke I nonetheless dropped all pretence at trying to cover up, accepting my fate.
Jim just stared for a few moments, letting out another quiet, "god, Claire," as he did so. I reflected that this was the first time Jim had me naked to himself, I wondered how long he might stretch the limited time he thought he had.
After a while he looked at my dress in his hand. "Look at that, it's tiny!" A few moments more and he started stuffing it in his trouser pocket, it went inside pretty easily. "It fits in my pocket!"
"Yeah, it's a small dress. I think you and quite a few others noticed."
He laughed. "Those two guys opposite couldn't believe their luck."
"And the man a few screens down, I think he just watched me the whole time."
"Who can blame him, I mean, you were hardly wearing anything." He went back to staring and then waved his hand to indicate I should turn round. I complied as he asked, "how did you get here, anyway?"
I figured now I was naked for him it was time to come clean. "Tom brought me," I said as I bent over slightly to better present my bare bum.
"Oh, right." He seemed a little annoyed but also pretty distracted. "So he's waiting outside, is he?"
"Yeah."
There was silence for a little while while Jim processed this.
"Well, I guess today it's me who gets to do this." And he quickly gave my ass cheek a swat. The sound was sharp and I straightened up immediately.
"Ow, Jim!" I rubbed my bum, it stung slightly but he hadn't smacked me that hard. Certainly not as hard as Tom had with the ruler.
He laughed. "That was about as fun as I thought it would be."
I looked back over my shoulder at him. "It's not the first time you've done it."
"First time with with you like this." He gestured towards me, his voice was much softer than it often was. "Completely naked, just waiting for it."
"I wasn't waiting for you to smack my ass!"
He straightened up slightly and regained his usual volume. "Well, now you can." He moved to push me forwards again. I bent a little bit under his hand but steadied myself on the shelves and turned my body slightly towards him.
"Jim, no! You can't spank me in a cupboard!"
He didn't move his hand from my back and looked at me, a grin plastered across his face.
"Why not?"
I was stuck in the slightly awkward position, half bent forwards with my torso turned back to him so my tits hung down, swaying gently as he stared at them.
"OK, but six, just like Tom." As ever for all my talk I crumbled immediately.
"You got spanked way more than six times."
"Yeah, but there were four of them."
He shrugged as if to say that was an irrelevant detail. He increased the pressure on my back.
"Jim!"
"Oh, don't worry I'll get bored eventually."
I felt myself turning back round and letting him push me into position. A massive part of my brain was amazed and annoyed at me but it had no control of the situation.
His hand pressed until I was bent 90 degrees at the waist. I gripped the posts that supported the shelves and arched my back, taking a couple of short steps towards him so I had enough room to stretch out. Jim stood still and once again I pressed my bum into his crotch. I felt him start slightly but he kept himself in place, unsurprisingly he was fairly hard.
Eventually he stepped back the few paces he could and I'm sure took a good look. Soon I felt his knee press ever so lightly between my thighs but I reacted immediately and widened my legs. I shuffled until they were a few feet apart and my pussy was now another part of my body on which I could feel the air conditioning.
Over the last few minutes I'd imperceptibly moved into exhibitionist mode. My mind was blank but my heart was racing and I could feel myself start to get short of breath. I was desperate to find out what part of my body Jim was looking at, but equally motivated to hold the position I was in as I knew what a spectacle of my naked body it made for him.
The wait stretched longer and longer, I couldn't help myself from saying, "Jim, get on with it!" I think I intended it to mean I wanted things over with, but it largely sounded like I was begging him to spank me.
He waited a few moments more and then said, "OK," in that quiet voice from earlier. Then the first smack came. He hit me harder than the last time but still firmly in the realms of play. I felt a warm sting grow and I again found a part of myself idly wondering if I enjoyed the mild pain itself, or if it was just about being naked and doing as I was told to. As the next one landed on my other butt cheek it didn't seem too important.
After the third one the warm pain grew a little more and I found myself moving my legs and back slightly, not breaking position but shifting a little in place.
"I'm enjoying this." Jim was regaining a cocky edge to his voice.
"Just a few more." I replied, hopefully firmly. It was hard to sound in control given the position I was in. Instead of another smack, though, I felt both of Jim's hands suddenly cup either side of my bum.
"Can you just move a little, I need more room." He guided me a few steps to the left, cupping my butt as we went. Once in place I looked back at him.
"I could probably have done that without your help, you know." I looked at his left hand which was still resting on my ass.
"Oh, come on, I've definitely done this before." He started squeezing and rubbing, copying his actions from when he applied sun cream in Tom's garden.
I shook my head as if I was indifferent but I could also feel myself push back against his hand. His fingers drifted a few centimetres from my pussy which must have been completely visible to him and I'm sure was noticeably wet.
"Though things do look a little differently this time round."
Jim was concentrating his gaze on my arse and I watched as he pressed a hand into a butt cheek and pushed it to the side. I could feel the effect it had, spreading me open for his inspection. I found myself holding my breath and wondering how far he would take this, if I was honest I would probably have let him slide his fingers into me. He held the position for a quite a while then released, I turned my head back quickly hoping he wouldn't realise I had watched him do it.
"Ready for a few more?"
An ever shrinking part of my brain protested but all I managed was a nod. I felt out of breath and increasingly excited.
He fondled my bum a few more times before drawing his hand back and spanking me hard again. This time he went twice in very quick succession and after the second blow in the same spot I couldn't help but let out a small cry.
"That's more like it." Jim chuckled.
"It's starting to hurt," I moaned as I again flexed my legs and shuffled on the spot. Jim's hand on my bum was now pretty much a constant.
"Well I am trying, now keep still."
Obediently I got back fully into position, even the vague thought of complaint was pretty much absent now. My consciousness was reducing down to nothing but the feelings of spreading warmth on my butt cheeks and pussy, I felt like I would stay in that position forever.
The next time four cracks rang out as Jim alternated between cheeks as he went. I gasped between each one, though they sounded as much in pleasure as pain. I felt a few tears in my eyes but this time stayed in place throughout, with my body still stretched taut as I held on to the shelves and pointed my bum towards him.
"It's getting quite red." Jim's cocky tone was reduced and he seemed almost curious as he lightly traced what was probably a hand print on my ass. "What did you expect" came to mind, but I was too breathless to actually say it. Jim must have taken my silence for complete submission, which was essentially accurate.
"This is much better." He smacked me again. "You know, without the backchat."
There was amusement in his voice as he talked, as if he knew we were both playing a part. Though the slaps on my bum were certainly real, and another one came soon enough. By now I was letting out a breathy grunt each time his palm landed on my ass and it felt like my cheeks were on fire, and while there was still something very pleasing about the heat I did begin to wonder how much more I could take. As another slap landed and I felt my arse jiggle around once again I tried to summon up the will to say something to him.
After that batch Jim once again started playing with my butt and the tops of my thighs. I felt him open my pussy up several times as he did so, and despite my resolve to say something I was was still mostly holding my breath and concentrating on the feel of his hands. It was Jim who was the first to speak.
"I wonder if we could try."
Suddenly there was a knock at the door, Jim froze as I looked up startled.
"Jim, is that you?" The female voice sounded slightly confused. "Are you in here?"
At that the handle started turning, luckily Jim was close to the door and he jumped across and blocked it with his foot.
"Yeah, er, I." He wasn't particularly eloquent but it did the job for now. I stood up and huddled at the back of the room as far from the door as possible, it wasn't very far. Jim stepped to the side, but kept one foot behind the door while he opened it slightly.
"Oh, hi, Jess, do you need something? I've just ran out of bleach."
"Er, no. It's the boss, he's looking for you." Jess, whoever she was, still sounded a little uncertain.
"Oh, right, I'll go find him." There was a pause, during which I hoped Jess had decided to leave, but then Jim continued. "I just need to get a."
He kept his foot in place and reached back to grab a bottle off the shelf, then he turned back to the door. It seemed like he might be leaving himself.
"Jim!" I whispered as forcefully as I dared. He looked back, his expression didn't fill me with great confidence.
"Don't worry," he mouthed, and then maybe, "back soon," but it wasn't completely clear.
"No! Wait!" I hissed, but it was useless. He slipped through the tiny crack he'd made in the door and was gone.
I stood there in a state of shock, then I heard what seemed to be a key turning in the lock. My heart leapt even higher but the door didn't open, and I realised that it was probably Jim locking it as he left, presumably trying to ensure I went undetected. I certainly wanted to manage that, but being trapped naked in a cleaning cupboard seemed a high price to pay.
It took another few minutes to manage to relax enough to even look around the room properly. Every noise I heard seemed like someone about to open the door and I didn't have the slightest idea how I would explain myself.
When I finally managed to calm down slightly I looked for something I could cover up with, but it quickly became apparent there was nothing. The shelves contained bottles of cleaning product, and in one corner were a couple of mop sticks with no heads. That was that, not even a few cloths to hold up in front of me. It was not a very reassuring search. I felt like punching the wall in anger but I managed to restrain myself.
As a few more minutes passed and my adrenaline levels reduced ever so slightly I began to become aware again of my bum and how it was still throbbing. I looked back past my shoulder at it as best I could and managed to see part of a butt cheek that still seemed really quite red. I rubbed it slightly and let out a little cry of frustration. What had Jim done to me?!
After a bit more time, however, I started to see things a little differently. The question seemed more correctly why had I contrived a situation to make him do this to me? Jim's actions seemed entirely predictable from the moment he saw me out in public in that tiny dress, parading about for whoever wanted to look.
From there it was just a few short mental leaps to remember what I'd been feeling as I crossed the lobby earlier. As ever in my memories the fear was much less and the enjoyment much more, and once I'd started down that path even the terrifying thought of being discovered in the cupboard by one of Tim's colleagues or bosses also contained an element of sexual excitement. In short, and as ever, my mind was a mess, but still largely fixated on how much I was increasingly compelled to expose myself.
One issue with being naked in small cupboard is trying to find a way to be comfortable. Even with a stinging bum after a little while it seemed like I wanted to sit down, but there was nothing to sit on and I found it hard to get rid of the undignified image of me scrambling to my feet naked if someone burst in. In the end the best I could find was to lean against the back wall and position myself slightly behind the shelves. I estimated that gained me about half a second before the inevitable discovery. I started to become fatalistic and hoped it was at least a guy who found me, and not Jess.
Eventually, just as if it seemed I might stay there forever I heard the sound I'd been dreading. I held my breath, the door started to open. I steeled myself, whatever happened I could handle it.
"Claire, thank god, you're still here!" It was Jim. I spent about a half a second enjoying the relief and then the anger flooded in.
"Still here?! Where on earth do you think I'd be?!" I sounded furious. "You locked me in a cupboard! Naked!" I spread my arms wide to show him my body as if he'd somehow forgotten. Jim at least was looking a bit apologetic.
"Yeah, I know, I'm sorry. I had to think quick and it seemed the best idea."
"The best idea? To lock me up?!"
"You didn't want to be found, did you?"
"That's beside the point!" But of course I knew that it wasn't, I'd been terrified of it.
"Beside the point?" He looked at me carefully, it seemed he was getting at least slightly annoyed himself now. "You know that I'd be in just as much trouble, don't you?"
"You're not naked, though!"
"No, but you don't have a job on the line. I need this money."
"Poor Jim, what a tough morning you've had."
In our annoyance we had ended up standing very close together again. Jim took a while to reply, I could feel him watching me as I sullenly avoided his gaze. I think we were both starting to think about how I was still naked. Eventually he gave a little laugh to himself.
"What?" I still sounded pissed off, but I felt a little better.
"It's just." His sentence trailed off and he shook his head as if to say it wasn't worth continuing.
"No, no, go on. Let's hear what's so funny."
"OK, if you like. It's that despite you always turning up wearing something ridiculously sexy and egging us on, every time this happens you act like it's me and Tom making you do stuff."
"I suppose I did this to my own ass, did I?" I turned slightly and pointed to my bottom which remained visibly red.
He looked for a little while then laughed again, he moved his hand quickly and slapped me pretty lightly on the bum.
I jumped slightly and let out a, "hey!" I was surprised he'd dared do it.
"You're just trying to do it again."
I was unsure exactly how I felt about this. It seemed Jim was possibly figuring me out a little too accurately, but I was too much in character now to stop.
"I didn't have to come see you, you know!"
He paused for a while, "no, but you did." Despite my tone still being pretty annoyed, Jim seemed fairly calm. "Anyway, we don't have much time, I'm still supposed to be working."
"Time for what?"
"A few pictures!" He said it with a grin and pulled out his phone.
"What? No way!"
He stepped back and stood as close to the door as he could, "I know, I know, you're far too shy." He held up his phone and I heard a few camera clicks.
"Jim, seriously!" I hugged my arms around myself.
"It's OK, I'm not getting your face in them." It sounded like he was just humouring me.
I stared at him sullenly, the situation felt a little out of control even for me but I didn't know quite what to do. It wasn't really Jim seeing me naked, or even taking pictures, that was bothering me.
"Come on, Claire, put your arms down."
I paused, "will these end up on the internet?"
He shrugged, "maybe."
The anger, both real and otherwise had pretty much passed. I remained unsure how Jim's insight into my motives might change things but I couldn't think why I wouldn't pose for him, and as soon as I thought seriously about it the part of me that wanted to was immediately there.
"OK, but definitely not my face." I dropped my arms and soon found myself trying to pose like I'd seen models do, emphasising my breasts and trying to angle my hips attractively.
"Nice." Jim stepped forwards again and took a few more pictures, this time it was obvious he was concentrating on just parts of my body.
"Push your breasts together."
Even before I'd processed his sentence I was squeezing my tits together with my hands and lifting them fso they were presented for his phone. Jim didn't stop to say thank you and got on with it, he was so close I could see my boobs fill his screen as I watched.
After a few shots Jim brought his free hand up and grabbed one of my breasts himself. He squeezed it a few times, and then I watched as he positioned it while watching the screen, obviously finding an arrangement he particularly enjoyed. I felt my nipple harden even more as his palm rubbed against it.
"Jim."
"Oh, sorry. But it's not like I haven't, you know, touched you before." He sounded somewhat apologetic but also slightly surprised. He hadn't moved his hand from my breasts, but he had stopped groping me for the moment.
"No, I know. It's just, couldn't someone come in?"
"I'll be quick, I promise."
"Yeah, but, couldn't you lock the door again?"
"Oh, right."
He eventually let go of my boobs and headed over to the door. I wasn't quite sure why my mind had gone there at this moment, though it was possibly because I was wondering exactly what we were about to do. I could certainly feel myself starting to concentrate on the sensation of being naked in front of him again.
"There is another key so it's not totally secure."
"So someone could have found me earlier?" The point seemed slightly academic by now as I watched him stare at my breasts.
He shrugged, "it worked."
As he re-approached he ran a hand slowly down the side of my body, his gaze following as it went until he cupped and then lightly squeezed my ass.
"I can't believe I get to do this at work." He grinned, "time to turn round again."
"No more spanking."
He raised an eyebrow and gave my bum a few healthy pats. "Come on, Claire, no time to loose."
"I mean it!" I said, though given I was already turning around it wasn't the worst threat he'd ever faced.
I was again encouraged to bend over by Jim's hand on my back, but this time the wall was close by and Jim stood right behind me so all I managed was a slight lean. I still poked my bum out but kept some room between us so he could see it enough to take a photo.
Unsurprisingly his hand drifted down so the sounds of the camera were accompanied by him once again exploring my body, this time my bare ass. After a little while I felt one of my butt cheeks being lifted and squashed to one side, I guessed Jim was not so subtly trying to take a picture of my pussy. I thought about what I'd wanted him to do earlier, it didn't seem such a bad idea now either. Whether Jim could see or not I could feel him spreading me open and the sensation was very distracting.
The camera sounds had stopped and as he played with my butt cheek, his fingers seeming to slide ever so slightly closer to my pussy, I relaxed and let myself lean my bum further and further towards him. After a little while Jim stopped moving with me and let my bottom sink into his groin. He still gripped a hip and neither of us moved for a few moments. I could feel him pressing against me and I was probably getting his work trousers wet.
After a little while he stepped back, I immediately missed the sensation of his body against mine. A dim part of my brain realised I was entering dangerous territory given what I'd ended up doing in the changing room the other day.
"How about if you, er, tried to touch your toes?"
"And let you take a picture?"
"Yeah."
"I guess so." My brain felt foggy, I realised how exposed I would be but I felt too impatient to take the time to wonder if I really wanted this or not.
"You need to let me step out a little bit."
"Oh, yeah."
I turned and watched him step back before quickly doing the same myself. Given the size of the room we still weren't very far apart. Without really hesitating I bent at the waist and fairly easily touched my toes, though very quickly I lent forward slightly more and rested my fingertips on the floor. I realised that Jim had seen I was able to hold this position more-or-less indefinitely a few weeks back, when I was wearing the cheerleading outfit.
"Is that OK?" With the increasing excitement, wetness and warmth I was feeling, it was very obvious to me how exposed I now was to him. Jim didn't answer and I very quickly heard the click of his phone camera. I was just staring at the floor, I didn't really trust myself to look between my legs at him for fear of what I might do or say.
"Fuck, Claire, this is amazing." From his voice he was maybe inches from my pussy, probably taking an extremely intimate close up. There was still a part of me that couldn't believe what I was doing, but I was rooted to the spot and I knew I'd let him enjoy me in this position for as long as he wanted.
"I can't resist." Jim had finally spoken again after an indeterminate period of time that might have been seconds or minutes. He was still so close I thought I could feel his breath on my pussy, but when he'd said that I felt him stand up, and then a few moments later there was a familiar feeling of delicious pain as his hand cracked against my taut ass. I grunted slightly but this time neither of us said anything, it was obvious he could do it as many times as he wanted.
As it was, however, he only managed a couple more spanks until his hand lingered on my bum, caressing it slightly. His index finger felt to be millimetres from my pussy and this time there was no doubt Jim could see that fact very clearly indeed. I held my breath, at this point it wasn't so much that I wanted it as that I needed it. I was feeling like I had in the changing room yesterday when I'd masturbated in front of the attendant.
It seemed Jim's hand started to move ever so slightly and I let out a slight groan of anticipation, but Jim's hand was quickly retracted. I felt overwhelming frustration but I tried not to let it come out, I really wasn't sure if Jim was even aware of what I'd wanted him to do. Still I held the position as he seemed to step slightly away from me. After a few moments more he spoke.
"Wow, Claire, what happened with Tom and the rest seems to have, er, loosened you up a little. I like it."
Despite the enthusiasm of the words, his tone was more in awe and perhaps ever so slightly worried. I got a little boost of superiority after having been firmly in submissive mode for the last few minutes, and I'm sure that contributed to my reply.
"What makes you think I only do this with you and Tom?"
"Er, I, er." He sounded almost flustered now. "I dunno. Don't you?"
I took that opportunity to stand up and then face him. He didn't seem to quite have the cockiness of earlier, which I enjoyed. I smiled.
"What if I told you I got naked for a couple of guys in a department store the other day?"
He looked at me for a while quite seriously, then a hesitant smile broke out. "Yeah, OK, a shop and now a cinema." He tried out a small laugh. "You almost had me there."
I shrugged, despite the conversational turn he was still mostly looking at my body.
"It's fine if you don't believe me, though you should probably take some pointers from them. I ended up giving one of them a blow job."
His eyes widened and he looked at me again with a mixture of excitement, scepticism and fear.
"Yeah, right." A pause, and then, "really?"
I smiled at him and then I saw him look down at his crotch. The outline of his erection was still pretty obvious.
"Are you wondering if you might get a blow job?" I was talking without thinking again, I sounded quite teasing. Jim just looked at me, hesitation written all over his face.
"Well, tough luck, I'm not giving you one in a cupboard."
"Oh, yeah, of course." He sounded as if he thought he'd deserved that answer all along.
There was silence for a moment. Jim was obviously starting to consider the implication that he might have a chance of a blow job somewhere other than a cupboard. I hadn't been being deliberately provocative, but given what had just happened it was no real surprise I'd naturally phrased it like that. I was trying not to think about it too much but, ridiculously, the idea of it sounded fine. It certainly seemed like I could have the upper hand if he thought he had a real chance at it.
Jim looked as if he was on the edge speaking for a few moments, but never quite managed it.
"No thoughts? OK, I think it's time to give me back my dress."
He looked at me for a moment then seemed to accept things.
"Yeah, OK." He reached to his pocket. "Oh, shit!"
"What?"
"It's not here!" He looked at me in panic. "I, er, I must have put it in the cleaning bucket earlier."
"You put it in the bucket?! Jim, what the?!" I was as much confused as annoyed, but I was very annoyed. "Why would you put it in a bucket?"
"I keep cloths in my pocket usually, so I must have put it in when I was doing the counter."
"Well, where is it now?"
He shrugged. "I dunno, I guess still in the bucket."
"Well, you have to go get it!"
"Someone else would have taken it by now, god knows where. Besides, I'm pretty sure it'll be ruined. It was pretty thin and, you know, cheap." That sounded entirely correct, I didn't know many small party dresses that would stand up to being used as a mop in dirty, soapy water.
"Jim!"
I couldn't believe it, I tried to calm down but the lingering sexual excitement coupled with the raw adrenaline and panic of this new situation was a lot to handle.
"It's OK, we'll sort it out."
"How?! I'm naked!" I could feel myself getting breathless.
"I know, I know." He looked around the room, probably doing what I'd tried to earlier and find something to cover me up with.
"There's nothing in here!"
"No, doesn't seem to be." From his tone Jim was calming down quite a bit faster than I was, he sounded almost back to normal. The power dynamics had certainly shifted again.
"Now what?!" Part of me dimly wondered why I was putting it all on Jim to solve, but I wasn't thinking straight at all.
"I, er, I." He tailed off, but then spoke again fairly quickly. "Is Tom waiting for you?"
"Er, yeah, I think. He said he'd wait in the car park."
"OK, right, I can call him and." Jim was obviously thinking about something, it seemed like he had a plan.
"Ask him to get me some clothes?"
"No, that'll take too long. It's not far."
"What's not far?" The panic in my voice kicked up a notch.
"I'll get him to come round the back, there's a fire exit near the end of this corridor. You can just run out and you'll be in his car in a few seconds."
"Run out into the car park? Naked?!"
"Not really the car park, the exit road is right there."
"Jim, I can't do that!"
"Why not, you've still got your shoes on."
"Jim!"
"Claire, come on, what choice do we have. You're naked and there's nothing to cover you up with. We just have to get you out of here as quickly as possible."
My brain couldn't think in the slightest, I was terrified but at the same time I was so turned on I was having momentary visions of me naked in front of crowds of men. It mostly felt like exactly what I wanted to have happen.
"Jim, seriously, I can't."
But Jim had already taken out his phone, pretty soon he had to to his ear and I had no idea what to do. He even grinned at me slightly as it rang, a tiny bit of my mind wondered if this was all planned.
"Tom, Hi." There was a pause, then he carried on, "no, look, it's fine, don't worry about all that." Another pause, "seriously, look, we've got a bit of a problem, Claire needs to leave pretty fast."
Jim spent most of the conversation trying to reassure Tom about something, presumably that he wasn't still angry about the other week, but he quickly got across that Tom needed to be round the back of the cinema as soon as possible as I was going to run out of a fire exit. Jim rang off.
"Jim, honestly, I can't!"
"You''ll have to." There was no doubt he was back in control and loving the situation.
I looked around, I had never felt so close to being physically sick in any of my adventures. Suddenly another thought hit me.
"You never even told him I'd be naked!"
"Oh, yeah." Jim seemed thoughtful, as if it were a genuine oversight. "Well, he'll work it out." He was grinning pretty much non stop at this point.
"OK, we might as well get going, we should be able to see when Tom arrives."
"Jim!"
"Relax, no one will come into the corridor." He paused as he went to open the door. "Probably."
He opened it and looked out. I couldn't really describe how I felt any more, I was terrified but also completely discombobulated and not in any control of the situation. I walked across behind Jim as if I had no choice.
"OK, no one's there at the moment. We're going this way." He pointed left, away from where we had entered the corridor. I wanted to scream or grab him and stop him, but I stood still and a moment later he set off. I had no idea what to do but the thought of being stuck back there with no clothes wasn't appealing, I figured whatever happened then I needed to stay with Jim as he was my only hope of anything other than being lost and naked. For all my fear and nervousness I also had a curiously detached feeling.
I couldn't help but glance to the right and was relieved to see the door firmly closed. I turned and saw Jim a few metres away, he had already stopped and was gesturing to me to hurry up. I started to follow and he carried on. I could see there was a left turn in the corridor coming up.
Jim went at a fairly good pace, but seemed to be hugging the wall and trying to anticipate sounds from up ahead. I awkwardly hunched forward but it was quickly apparent that I had no hope of trying to cover my nudity in the slightest, I just had to hope Jim gained us enough warning to head back to the cupboard. I could feel my boobs and butt bounce slightly as I went forward on tiptoes quickly, one hand on the wall and another half heartedly across my tits. I was trying desperately not to really think about what I looked like.
Jim stopped at the corner and looked around, very quickly I reached him and paused behind him. As the seconds stretched I began to fell very vulnerable to someone opening the door behind us.
"Come on, Jim!"
"OK, OK, it's just I can see someone near the door."
"Oh, god. Hurry up!"
"OK, they've moved on." Jim set off again, and after another nervous glance over my shoulder I followed round the corner.
There was about the same distance, with a door off to the right, and then at the end a fire exit. There was window in the door in the top half, but at this distance it wasn't possible to see anything through it. Jim was keeping up his steady pace and I followed.
He paused at the door on the right and seemed to turn a lock on it, which struck me as a good thing. I didn't stop to check, though, and pretty soon he arrived at the fire door. He immediately started looking through the window and I got there a few moments later.
"How's it look," I whispered, again taking the opportunity to look behind me. I wasn't sure why I bothered as there wasn't anything to be done if I saw someone.
"See for yourself," said Jim, far too cheerily for the situation I was in. He moved to the side slightly and I squeezed next to him to have a look. I could see outside to the road, which was good, but I could also see that I had to cross part of the cinema lobby itself and then go through another fire exit to reach it.
"Jim, you said this was a way out?!"
"It is."
"I have to go through the cinema, look!" I pointed though Jim was obviously more aware of the layout than I was.
"It's not far, besides, there's no other options I'm afraid."
"People will see me!"
"You were just bragging about how many people you let see you naked earlier, what's the problem?" Jim's confidence was all the way back now, it was clear that even if he hadn't engineered this situation then he was definitely taking advantage. I tried to ignore him for the moment, and went back to staring out of the window, trying to judge how to make it with as few people seeing me as possible.
It was a wide-ish corridor that lead from the main lobby towards what seemed to be a pretty forgotten looking games arcade. It didn't seem likely many people went along there to play the machines, it was deserted at the moment, but there were a few groups standing about not too far from the fire exit, likely just killing time before their film or discussing what they'd just seen. It also opened straight onto the main space, so anyone glancing across would see easily.
The wall to the outside was all glass, so it was easy to see the road outside to wait for Tom to arrive. Though that meant that even once I got out of the cinema anyone who noticed would be able to watch me all the way down the steps and into the car. I felt another wave of pure panic rise up, but still there didn't seem to be any other option.
"Ready?"
"Tom's not even there yet!"
"Oh, yeah. I suppose we should wait for him."
Jim was still stood next to me, our bodies were touching are we both looked out of the window. I looked behind me again, still no one but it felt like it was only a matter of time.
"Jim, could you, you know, er, stand behind me in case someone comes?"
"Oh, yeah, OK."
He shuffled behind me, obviously covering my body from view from that direction. If anything he took the task too seriously, he brought both hands up and put them over the top of my shoulders and pretty soon he was again pressed into me from behind.
I found myself crouching down more, hoping that Jim was obscuring me completely. "Thanks, I suppose."
"That's fine."
We stayed like for a few moments more, both seemingly focused on watching for Tom's car to appear.
"Where is he?!" The sentence escaped me from pure tension.
"He can take a little bit longer, if he likes." Jim's voice was again slightly amused, and I could feel one of his hands had left its perch on the window and was moving up from my hip to start caressing my right breast.
I turned my head as best I could. "Jim, really?" Even through the layers of fear and adrenaline I could still remember how my body had felt just a few minutes before, and I made no effort to physically stop him.
"Oh, come on. I'm going to have to spend the rest of the afternoon mopping floors, most likely."
"With my dress!"
He laughed, "oh yeah."
I went back to watching and let Jim carry on having his way with my body, I could feel his penis stiffen against my bum and I tried to ignore the excitement the sensations were provoking. I was most concerned with a group of three guys in their 20s stood about ten feet to one side of the door I'd need to get out of. It really didn't seem as if they were going anywhere, and there was no way they wouldn't notice me.
"Jim, concentrate a moment, are you sure there's nothing I can use to cover up with. People might recognise me."
He managed to slow down his hand for a moment. "Why, is there someone you know?"
"No, I don't think so, but," a sudden thought crossed my mind, "oh, god, the CCTV. They'll definitely see my face on that!"
"Oh, yeah." It was serious enough that Jim's hand paused completely somewhere near my belly button.
"I'll just have to hope I can wait in the cupboard."
"Claire, no, someone will be there any minute. We all use it at least once or twice a shift."
"Well, what? There's no way I'm letting them stick my picture up on a wanted posted!"
"I don't think they're going to get the police involved."
"They might!"
Again Jim went silent, it seemed they really might.
"I know, you can put on my hat. The cameras are all near the ceiling, just keep your head down a bit and they'll never get your face."
That sounded slightly promising, though as far as I could tell Jim wasn't wearing one.
"Jim, you don't have a hat!"
"Oh, yeah, wait." He stepped out from behind me and went to open the door.
"No, Jim!" I tried to stop him but as soon as it was clear what he was doing I had to back away. In a flash he was gone again, I couldn't believe it and immediately started wondering which way to watch. I felt completely exposed.
This time, though, Jim was back quite quickly. There was a rap at the window and after a shot of pure terror I noticed it was his face. I quickly turned the door handle and Jim opened it and slipped inside. He was holding a red baseball cap.
"I'd just left it on my cleaning cart round the corner."
I again had a massive rush of relief and I slapped him on the shoulder. "Jim, don't you dare leave me again, OK?"
"Yeah, OK, OK."
He handed me the cap and I put it on my head, making sure to tuck all of my hair under the brim and pull it down as far as it would go?
"Is that OK." I asked him with a hint of desperation in my voice.
He looked at my head for only a short while before his eyes once again roamed all over me. "Yeah, you look great."
I shook my head, "I can't believe you."
He looked up again, "no, it's fine, honest. Although, turn round."
I complied and felt him fuss slightly with the hat, maybe tucking in a few strands of hair. "OK, that's fine but let me just." He pushed me forwards slightly, then there was nothing for a few moments.
"You're just looking at my ass again, aren't you?"
He got another slap in, "can you blame me?"
I turned round quickly, "Jim, this is no time for messing."
He cut me short, "I think Tom's here." We both crowded together again to look closely out of the window, sure enough Tom's car was there, pulled over to the side of the road not far from the exit.
"Well, off you go then." Again Jim took the opportunity to firmly pat my arse several times, trying to encourage me out of the door. There was far too much going on in my head to worry about Jim's hand at the moment.
"Oh, god, really. Do I have to?"
"As much as I would enjoy you staying here naked, it does seem inevitable we'd get caught eventually."
I tried to steel myself but it felt pretty useless. I was, however, completely out of other options. I took a few breaths, I didn't feel ready but it was time.
I looked at Jim, I tried hard to not leave a final impression of panicked submission. "Jim, why do you always seem to make things a bit more risky than the others?" I managed to just about grab a slight hint of calmness.
He grinned, "you love it." His hand had lately just been gripping my bum and he now squeezed me pretty firmly, I finally reached down and batted his hand away.
"I really can't say I'm loving this, but I have no choice." I reached down to open the door.
"Oh, Claire, wait." I stopped and Jim reached across, again as if he as going to sort something out but instead he grabbed one of my breasts and started to grope it gently.
"Jim!" I again batted away his hand, this time with more force.
"One last time for luck." His grin was enormous, but the annoyance I felt gave me the impetus I needed and without totally realising what I was doing I pushed open the door.
Again the first thing I noticed was the noise, I couldn't believe I was hearing the normal sounds of a cinema while completely naked. Raw fear made me quickly rush to the door, keeping my head down and staring at the carpet. I figured what I didn't see couldn't worry me.
I crashed into the glass and turned the handle, my body already pushing further forward anticipating it opening, but I soon made the horrible realisation that it wasn't budging. I grappled with the handle several times, but still nothing happened. My heart was beating incredibly fast but my mind was blank, the only sensation was an incredible churning in my stomach.
I turned back to the door where Jim was. He seemed equal parts confused and annoyed, gesturing at me to open the door. It was absolutely no help and I felt more anger rise within me.
"I'm sorry, I think you need to." The voice came from right beside me and I jumped, but then saw an arm reach out and push a bar a little way below the handle.
"Oh, thanks."
I wasn't able to stop myself from thanking my saviour. It was one of the guys who had been stood nearby. He smiled and I saw behind his friends and then several people stood in the main lobby watching us, it was obvious they had had time to take all of me in. I was frozen in fear and I found myself momentarily staring at one of the guys nearby who I noticed had a Star Wars t-shirt on. He, in his turn, was gazing openly at my tits.
I finally managed to try the handle again and this time I felt the door give. I pushed my way through and as I went I heard a female voice exclaim, "oh my god!"
Outside I looked up to get my bearings, I needed to run down beside the building for a little while to get to the short flight of steps down to the road. Again I just looked at the ground and wished myself as fast as possible. I bounced down the steps, completely aware of my body moving in various directions at once but there was nothing else for it.
"Hey, stick around, gorgeous!"
I found myself looking up, another group of men were stood near a car parked on the other side of the access road. They were all watching my performance, and as I looked another let out a very loud wolf whistle. I wasn't even really trying to cover up at that point, and the deepest, most exhibitionist part of my brain quickly wondered about just walking over to them. They'd all seen me anyway. Thankfully most of me still saw it as an act of madness and I was soon yanking open Tom's passenger side door.
"OK, let's go."
"Claire, god, what? Are you?" Tom's face was so shocked it almost cut through my own fear and made me laugh. "You're naked!"
"Tom, Drive!"
"Oh, er." He fumbled with the wheel to get the hand brake off, and we juddered forward at last. I had to look back and saw a small crowd gathered at the door watching us go. Luckily there didn't seem to be any employees or security among them. I hoped Jim was sensible enough to have made himself scarce.
We drove in silence as we made our way out of the cinema complex, Tom acting a little bit frantic as he checked and re checked mirrors and went just slightly too fast. Pretty soon we were on the road and I tried to relax. My state of stimulation dropping even a little made me realise just how high it had been, I still felt really quite sick.
"Claire, what? What happened?!" Tom still seemed about as overwhelmed by the situation as me.
"Jim managed to totally ruin my dress and then we couldn't find anything else for me to wear. So, you know, I had to get out of there quickly."
"But how did he ruin the dress?"
"He accidentally put it in his cleaning bucket and then used it as a cloth. Or so he says."
"What? Why did he have your dress?"
"We'd gone into a supply cupboard and then he took it off me, so." My sentence tailed off, saying this stuff out loud made it sound much more ridiculous than it had felt at the time.
"So he made you strip in the cinema?" Tom sounded outraged. To be honest his total shock seemed a bit rich given it was his idea for me to go there in that dress. What on earth had he expected to happen?
"He didn't 'make' me, thank you very much. Besides, wasn't this whole thing your idea?" I was aware that Jim really had been the one pushing me into things at the time, but I felt the need to give myself a bit more agency.
"Well, yeah, but I didn't expect this!"
We carried on in silence again, part of me agreed with him but part of me was annoyed he was so annoyed. I was still naked in the car with him and he didn't seem that interested at the moment. Eventually I cracked.
"Well, I'm sorry you came up with a plan to get me naked and it worked so well. It's obviously a real drag for you!"
He looked across at me briefly looking startled and slightly apologetic. "Claire, no, that's not what I meant." He paused for a bit. "It's just it seems like Jim maybe tricked you a little, making you run across the car park like that. I mean, you can't have thought of that yourself, can you?"
"We didn't have a choice!"
We stopped at some lights and he looked across at me. "I don't know, Claire, he was wearing his uniform, wasn't he?"
"Yeah."
"So, he could have just given you his clothes from his locker if he wanted."
I just stared at him, the light turned green and Tom set off again.
"I can't believe him! And to think I almost." I managed to stop myself from finishing the sentence, but my anger had obviously switched to Jim, though there was a large part that was just annoyed at myself.
"I'm sorry, I should have known he'd try something. I mean, that's pretty much what he's always done with you."
"What you've both done, you mean."
"Yeah, I guess."
There was more silence, I began to realise that Tom wasn't driving home. At least not by the most direct route.
"Well, you've both succeeded again then, haven't you? It seems like you don't really care much, but I am still naked, you know."
"I care, Claire. I mean, you look amazing. Like you always do." He did his best to look at me slightly as he drove.
I softened a little, not just from the compliment but also from the thrill of realising that maybe Tom did take me getting naked for him a little bit for granted now. It was pretty obvious that a part of me would find that attractive.
"Where are you taking me, anyway? We don't seem to be going home."
"Not yet, my Dad will still be there. He should be gone pretty soon, though, so I figure we can just drive round till then."
"Wait a minute, can I not just go back to my own home?"
"Yeah, but, I, er, I thought it would be easier for me to pull the car right up to the door at my house. You know, so there's less chance of anyone seeing you."
I looked around, "is there nothing I could cover up with in here?"
"No, I don't think so." Tom didn't bother to look, but there also didn't seem to be anything obvious from what I could see.
"So, what then? I'm just naked in your house?"
He looked at me, "well, yeah. I suppose."
"Will there be clothes I can put on?"
There was a short silence, Tom was likely figuring out exactly how to answer.
"You don't really need any, there's no one else home."
"So, I have to stay naked? The whole time I'm there?" This time Tom didn't reply, though I took his answer to be fairly obvious.
"And you were so upset with Jim taking advantage of me earlier." I didn't sound angry at all. Tom smiled a little and then looked across at me.
"I guess you've no choice this time either." His tone was fairly jokey so it didn't feel at all like I was being forced into anything. Besides, he wasn't quite refusing to do anything else and I would surely be able to just go get something to cover up with at his house. But now I was back in private with Tom I wasn't in the mood to take any easy ways out of my predicament.
"You'd better pull right up to the door."
"I will."
"And how long do I have to stay naked? I mean, what are we even going to do?"
"We'll think of something, don't worry."
"You can't just spank me the whole time or whatever." Although I hadn't thought about it beforehand I was fully aware of just putting ideas into his head. Tom didn't reply, it looked like he was actually heading back to our street now.
"Or make me dance for you again."
"I dunno, those both sound like pretty good options to me." He grinned.
"Tom!"
"Maybe you could do some cheerleading routines, I enjoyed seeing you do those. We could look them up on the internet."
Just the thought of me bouncing up and down for Tom in his front room was making me pretty excited again, it felt like my body was picking right up from where it had been with Jim. Nonetheless I managed a just about dismissive reply of, "you wish!"
"Well, we have to do something." He sounded almost giddy, clearly loving the conversation now and how I was playing along with it. "What are your ideas?" He seemed particularly amused by asking me to decide what I'd do for him while naked.
"I don't know." I said, slightly sullenly. As ever I had no idea where my real thoughts ended and the character I was playing for fun began.
"Cheerleading it is, then."
We were turning into our road and I kept quiet, it was obviously fine with me really. I'd dance around his house naked for as long as he wanted.
"Although, what was it you were almost about to do with Jim earlier. Maybe we should do that, make him jealous again!"
He still sounded just amused, obviously having no clue what the answer actually was. I was wondering whether to tell him the truth when he sat up straight very quickly.
"Shit, Claire, get down!"
He reached across quickly and started trying to pull me towards him. I figured out what he meant and went with him, ending up laying with my head pretty much in his lap. I had no idea what was going on.
"It's my Dad, I can see him just getting into the car."
I kept still, the side of my face was pressed into Tom's lap and he kept one hand on my head gently holding me in place.
"I'll just go slowly, I can see he's almost setting off."
As I waited I could start to figure out what a particular sensation on my cheek was. Tom's fear about being caught by his father obviously hadn't killed all his excitement.
"OK, here he comes." Tom lifted his hand but I could tell I needed to keep still, I could just about make out that he waved as another car passed. His obviously erect cock continued to press into my face, it even shifted ever so slightly a few times. All I had in my mind was that I'd just been about to discuss giving him a blow job. It felt like fate.
"He's gone, I'll just pull into the drive."
Although neither of us said anything I kept my head where it was until the car stopped, and even then I didn't do anything other than turn it so I could look up at him. I already knew what I was about to do, it seemed inevitable. I used a hand to unclip my seat belt, which had also been awkwardly pressing into me.
"You know what I was going to do to Jim?"
"No."
I began turning my head back round to once again face his crotch. I made sure to press into his erection as I went. Tom shifted in his seat and possibly even let out a small gasp. As my cheek once again started to rub his jeans I lifted it slightly but kept my face hovering over his flies as I looked straight down at him.
"I was maybe going to give him a blow job."
"A blow job, really?" Tom sounded distracted, but also quite surprised.
"Yeah." I brought a hand up and placed it on his stomach briefly before letting it slip the short distance to his jeans button.
"He said he wanted one and I thought about it, but doing it in a cupboard just seemed a bit tacky." I opened the button. "Know what I mean?"
"Oh, er, maybe." Tom sounded almost in pain.
"In a parked car, on the other hand." I started to unzip him. "That's fine, isn't it?"
"I. I. I think so."
I was on complete auto pilot at this point. My body felt warm and tingly all over, with my breasts and pussy in particular almost on fire. I couldn't stop myself, it was a strange feeling but it seemed completely right and I knew I would suck Tom's cock dry no matter what he said in the next few seconds.
"I bet you do." I started to try and pull the flaps of Tom's unzipped jeans clear of him, and he quickly reached down and helped me. I had to finally sit up slightly but we soon had them down around his ankles. I was bending back over before I even looked, it turned out that his dick was already visible through his flies. I wasted no time and took hold of him with my left hand.
He seemed rock hard already and something inside me just wanted to go fast. Jim reached down and started trying to pull down his boxer shorts, but I didn't let him. I licked the head of his cock once before sinking my mouth onto it. What I would surely lack in technique I was clearly trying to make up for in enthusiasm.
"Oh, Claire!" He still sounded almost in distress, but I was long past caring about anything other than what I was doing with my hands and my mouth. Besides, he clearly wasn't actually in distress. As I moved my head up and down urgently, trying to let as much of it as possible into my mouth each time, I could feel him shift beneath me trying to get more comfortable. It felt like a vote of confidence.
He cock was warm and somehow felt great in my mouth. I tried to lick it as much as was possible before it filled me right down to the back of my throat, I had a real urge to just go deeper every time. My desperation to please was surprising even to myself.
Tom was saying my name pretty often now, and I could feel him start to play with my hair. He wasn't putting any pressure on my head but it felt great and intimate. The sensation on my own body made me realise that my pussy needed as much attention as I as giving to Tom, and that I couldn't wait. Instinctively I knelt up on the seat and arched my back, pushing my bum up into the air. A tiny realisation came that I was probably visible through the window but it was an irrelevancy. I managed to tear my mouth off his cock.
"Tom, please!"
My voice sounded completely breathless and almost unrecognisable. I took one of his hands and guided it quickly to my ass. I hoped he realised what I wanted as I lowered my head again and got back to work.
I carried on from where I left off, and Tom quickly started exploring my butt cheeks. For a few moments it was incredibly frustrating but then he strayed close to my pussy and I managed to reach behind and guide his hand again for a moment. He made contact but froze in place, I let out a moan without taking my mouth off him and it gave him the right idea. He started drawing a few of his fingers up and down my pussy lips, it felt pretty inexpert but then I was likely not someone to talk. It also felt great.
My pussy was really wet and Tom's fingers slid up and down and slightly inside me with ease. I realised very quickly that I would not last long, having spent the last hour or more working myself up into a frenzy of exhibitionist excitement. Visions of me dancing naked for the group of men in the car park played around my brain and I lost myself in them.
Soon though I felt Tom start to tense up, his hand slowed slightly and it quickly occurred that he was probably about to cum. Neither of us stopped, and if he had intended to ask before filling my mouth with semen he never managed it. What felt like just a few seconds later the first burst came and I felt it hit the back of my throat. I didn't feel even a moment's surprise or disgust, and I carried on licking and moving as I also swallowed every drop he sprayed into me.
The thought of what I was doing sent myself over the edge, and just as Tom's orgasm seemed to be receding mine hit like a white light. I don't know if I closed my eyes or if it was just a rush of blood, but I seemed to lose my sight and most other senses as nothing other than waves of pleasure existed. All I was aware of was my body shuddering and Tom's slightly shrinking cock still in my mouth, it was as intense an orgasm as I'd ever had.
Eventually I came back fully to myself. I sucked a few more times on Tom's dick before letting it slide out of my mouth. I looked at it and found myself licking gently at the tip several times. Tom seemed happy to let me do what I liked, and I decided to give it one last lingering kiss before finally sitting back up beside him. I still didn't actually look up to his face and realised it remained semi erect. I found myself wondering what would happen if I just tried doing it all again.
"God, Claire, that was amazing."
Finally I looked at him properly.
"Glad you enjoyed it."
"No, seriously, it was," he paused, "amazing."
I laughed, "what a wordsmith."
He reached down and pulled up his jeans, and just like that I realised it was back to the status quo. I was naked and he was fully clothed. I'd not even considered that for a short while it had been a little different.
I laughed again, "I wish it was that easy for me to get dressed."
Tom looked across and down at my body. I was flushed quite red from the excitement and he still didn't seem to be bored by the sight. I felt as comfortable being naked for a guy as I ever had.
"Do you want me to come in and hang out like this?"
He looked at me. "I, er, I don't know. Maybe?"
"I think maybe that's enough for one day, don't you?"
He didn't hesitate long. "Yeah, OK."
"Think you could manage to pull you car up to the door on our drive? It seemed like it might be impossible for some reason or other earlier."
He grinned again. "Yeah, I reckon I could probably manage it."