(With screening and edit help from Rotorhead450. Thank you so much!)
Hi. My name is Mike. I am American, and I'm driving through pouring rain trying to travel four hundred and fifty miles from Tottori to Niigata in Japan. In my car are two young women, Chie and Sayuri, my co-instructors at the summer camp where I just finished working. Both of them are local Japanese girls moving into second year at Niigata University. I'm four years older than them, I study the post-grad program at the Graduate School of Health Sciences. Over the summer I decided to stay in Japan and work.
In Tottori each year there are a series of early teen international summer camps. Kids don't just come from Japan, they travel in from all over the world. There's good money to be made if you have an internationally recognized working-with-children license. On the way down to Tottori I drove by myself, stopping two nights to look around the coastline; in early summer the Japan Sea is gorgeous.
I didn't know Chie and Sayuri before I got to Tottori. It was mere coincidence that at self-introduction we discovered we came from the same campus. I hadn't expected to see anyone from my neck of Japan, Tottori is a long way from Niigata.
I didn't spend a lot of time socializing with the two girls; there were more than a hundred staff. Tottori is a big site and it was the girls' first time working. Both were super cute, but equally naive and giggly. I found myself hanging out with the elder and more experienced counsellors.
I could sense both girls had a crush on me, they smiled across the dining hall table and blushed when I stood near them in the park. I was surprised when they had the nerve to ask if they could ride with me on the way back home. I didn't say yes straight away. I had planned to take the slow road home again, but Chie's aunt lived in Fukui; we could get about half way and the two girls would stay with that aunt for two nights while I drove inland to the east to visit new places. I would then pick them up for the rest of the trip home.
We packed and left camp on our final day around midday, plenty of time to get to Fukui by dinner. But as we got to Kinosaki (about fifty miles east of Tottori), it was already after three. The rain was coming down so heavily that the wipers on highest speed couldn't keep the water off the window. Traffic was at a standstill.
"Girls, I don't think we're going to get to Fukui tonight," I said, peering through the blur on my front window. Chie looked on her phone.
"Forecast says rain will continue."
"Find us somewhere to stay?" I asked.
Sayuri looked up accommodation. Chie rang her aunt to let her know the road was too dangerous, and we'd be a day late. She was a nice lady, telling her niece to not worry and stay safe.
"There's love hotels. Or ryokan," Sayuri said. The north coast of Japan was famous for its traditional inns, 'ryokan'. There were very few western style hotels, unless they were actual love hotels - designed for couples to have 'short stays' for sex. You could technically stay overnight if you wanted, though you could only go in and out once.
"Ryokan is expensive," Chie worried.
"What's the cheapest one?" I asked Sayuri.
"There's one in the middle of Kinosaki for 21,000 yen. Sleeps six in the room."
"That's a good price for ryokan. What's it look like? What's the reviews?"
"Looks decent."
"Okay, book it," I said, throwing her my wallet with my credit card. "We need to get off this road."
It was less than a mile, but we took almost thirty minutes to crawl through the traffic to the inn car park. You've never seen traffic until you've been in a Japanese traffic jam. It would even rival Bangkok. The inn car park was open to the weather; umbrella-less we all ran with our bags in the pouring rain to reception. The lobby was small but clean. The lady at the desk took her time to check us all in one by one, as if keeping a personal dossier on each of us. She looked like she wanted to ask our purpose, but held her tongue. We had a choice to eat dinner in the room, which we took. There was no going out into the gloomy storm.
The lady personally showed us the male and female baths and then into our room. We had a large tatami room with an enclosed balcony posing as a dull sunroom. There was no view at the price we paid, looking on the inn next door. She said dinner would come at six-thirty, and a maid would come to roll out the futons after dinner was taken away.
"Is there a private bath for families?" I asked as she was leaving.
The lady hesitated for a moment before nodding, "Yes. Eight hundred yen. Key at reception."
After she was gone, I smiled. Undoubtedly my question had created tension for my roommates. It was already an odd situation to be sharing a room between the three of us. If we chose, it would be perfectly possible to keep our distance in a room this big, if we wanted. I didn't want.
"Hey," I shrugged. "No point to waste this chance."
"You want us to have a bath together?" Chie asked, surprised.
"Hey. We're here. It's not our fault. It wasn't planned. But no point in us spending the night together and not taking advantage, have some fun. Right?"
"Umm, which one of us did you want to take to the bath?" Sayuri asked nervously.
"Both," I laughed, "Not going to take just one of you in there. Come on, take your clothes off. Let's put the robes on and go find it."
Nonchalantly I took off my top, pants and my underwear, and stood fully naked in front of the girls. I slowly unfolded the robe from the cupboard and pulled it on.
"Come on. Clothes off."
Japan is a non-confrontational society. To directly oppose a request from an elder is a big thing. I unfolded two robes and held one ready in each hand.
"Come on. I'm paying for your travel, I'm paying for your room and I'm paying for your dinner. You owe me. Take your clothes off. It's only fair I get something back, right?"
Chie and Sayuri looked at each other, shocked at the sudden escalation. We were acquaintances, colleagues, road-trip buddies... and now we were bath-mates? Having a crush is one thing, having a bath quite another.
"Off," I said again. "You're getting all this for free, right? The least you can do is let me take a look."
I'm sure that being a foreigner muddled things. They couldn't be sure this wasn't normal for Americans. The guy pays, and in return the girl takes her clothes off. It was possible that was the culture, right?
I let the girls see my erection grow out of my robe as they took off their clothes. Sayuri was taller than Chia, and delicate, like an elegant model. Chie was fit and strong, like a dancer on a music video.
"Come on, underwear too!" I smiled at them.
Naked, they scurried to put their robes on. I picked up their clothes and put them in the cupboard. We put the house slippers on at the room entry and shuffled down to the reception with eight hundred yen of coins in my hand. The lady begrudgingly gave me the key and led us to the private bath. She showed us in. Two low showers were on a wall with wooden stools on a wooden slat floor. The small stone onsen was half inside, half on a balcony. It was surrounded with sliding Japanese windows, though we left them closed because of the rain. A pile of towels were rolled up on the bench.
"One each," the lady grumbled and left us. In true Japanese style, the towels were no bigger than a hand towel.
I pulled my robe off and nodded for the girls to do the same. Their body type was different, yet the same. Both had flat tummies, mounds that protruded proudly with tiny tufts of fluff and a gap between their thighs. Both had nicely shaped breasts that suited their body size perfectly. Sayuri was whiter-skinned and her sexuality was stylish. Chie had more color and looked less likely to break. Both of them were uncertain of what to do once their robes were in the basket. The towels were not long enough to cover both their breasts and pussy. Chie chose to cover below, Sayuri her top.
"Two showers. You two go first," I smiled.
The girls moved over swiftly. For those who haven't seen a Japanese bath, you sit on a small wooden stool and use buckets of water and/or hand-held shower heads to bathe and rinse before stepping clean and un-soapy into the water. If it was a regular couple together, one would usually help to wash the other's hair and scrub their back using the little hand towel. I didn't see any reason not to help Sayuri and Chie.
If anything, me washing their hair made them more relaxed. Massaging someone's head is more therapeutic than it is sexual, even if you're together naked for the first time. When I moved to do their backs, I kept my touch warm and mellow rather than intimate. Those two giggled and talked in Japanese. They were excited as much as they were embarrassed.
When I reached around to 'wash' Chie's breasts, she went silent.
"My god, these are rock hard," I couldn't help but say. Sayuri was watching; she was both intrigued and terrified. I rolled my hands over Chie's breasts, squeezing and gripping her nipples. I let her feel my erection against her back. I moved both my hands down and pushed her thighs open. Soaping up my hands, I ran them through her slit. I didn't put any fingers inside but openly played with her clitoris. Chie leaned back against me, feeling more and more sexual as I flicked at her clit. I gripped a breast with my other hand and Chie held the outside of it as I squeezed.
"Okay, Sayuri's turn," I said, suddenly letting go. Sayuri froze. It took longer for her to feel as relaxed as Chie with my hand between her legs. She felt nice, though, and Sayuri was super slippery. I had the girls wash me, too. They dare not touch my penis, I had to take their hands and bring it to my erection to wash it. Once they held it, though, they relaxed into the moment, perhaps satisfying a natural curiosity of foreigners.
After we rinsed off and stepped into the bath, it was too small to keep apart from each other. We didn't touch sexually in the hot water, but I turned from side to side to kiss each of them intimately on the lips.
"It's nice being here," I said. "I wasn't expecting to have a piece of you girls on this trip. I feel lucky."
Chie and Sayuri didn't know what to say or how to feel.
"I wasn't expecting this either," Chie said. "I thought I'd be in my aunt's house by now, with them tonight."
I smiled and nodded.
"Instead you'll be naked in Kinosaki. Do we need to keep it a secret from your aunt? When we arrive there, do I need to say you girls slept alone?"
"Can you?" Chie asked, appreciatively. "My family won't expect we all stayed in the same room."
"Or shared a bath?" I laughed.
"No. I don't think they would think it's a good thing. Especially with a foreign boy. They are from the countryside, they want me to marry a good Japanese boy."
"I'm not marrying you!" I smiled. "I'm just kissing you."
I stood up and sat on the side of the bath. In the heat, my penis was soft but thick.
"How's that compare with your boyfriend?" I asked them both.
"Neither of us have a boyfriend!" Chie giggled.
"Okay, but you've had boys in the past. When you've had sex before, how does this compare with some local boy?"
Silence.
Both Chie and Sayuri blushed red in the poor grey light.
"What?" I asked.
"I've not... been with a boy before," Sayuri stammered.
"Or me," Chie admitted.
"Holy shit," I said. "Not even in your mouth?"
Both of them shook their heads.
"Holy shit! You must be... a bit anxious. Us staying together. Getting undressed."
"Yes," they both blushed.
"Wow. I'm sorry," I said immediately, not having thought they could be virgins given they begged to come in my car. "This... is interesting. How do you feel? Do you want to do this, or prefer not?"
"Be undressed with you?" Sayuri asked, confused but the question.
"Well yeah, but not just be undressed. Have a piece of you, too."
"Have sex with us?" Chie shuddered.
"Of course. Not going to just look at each other all night are we? I can take it easy on you, but it would be a waste to stay together and not fuck you."
The girls said nothing.
"I'll take that silence as a yes?" I asked in hope.
Chie and Sayuri spoke to each other in Japanese. I think Chie was saying they have to, there's nowhere to stay if I kicked them out. Something about it being scary. Something about getting pregnant.
"So? Are we okay to fuck?" I asked.
"Do we have to?" Sayuri said for the both of them, shivering in the hot water.
"It's only fair, right?" I smiled. "You're already naked, so not too difficult to just open your legs as well."
********
"Chie, why you need to go so far away? Find some part-time job near home," her mother whined. "Tottori is too far away."
"It's an international camp, Mama. It's world famous. People visit from everywhere in the world."
"Gaijin. Cannot trust foreigners. What's Yoshi think of you mixing with such a crowd?"
"Mama! I don't care! Yoshi is not my boyfriend! Stop match-making us!"
"Such a nice family. We've known them for years," her mother sighed.
"Years gone by, it would have been you had no choice, Chie," her father weighed in.
"Look at your father and me," her mother agreed.
"It's not the samurai age anymore," Chie groaned.
Yoshi was a nice guy, but something in Chie yearned for more. If she went on an adventure, a global tour, it was possible that she might very well come back and decide that Yoshi was exactly what she needed. But without that chance to discover the world, it would be impossible to settle down. Yes, Tottori was a long way away. Not far enough.
"Chie, it's Yoshi's mama on the phone. At least go and say goodbye before you go."
********
"I can drive you," Yoshi said the night before Chie left. Her train tickets were booked from Niigata to Tokyo, then Hiroshima, then up to Tottori. It would take the best part of ten hours.
"Yoshi. Don't be silly. It will take just as long by car."
"I don't mind."
"I already have my ticket."
"You can refund it?"
Chie sighed.
"Yoshi, you are an adorable guy. Super sweet. Maybe one day I'll be ready. But I'm not yet. I want to see the world. I'm only nineteen. I'm too young. You couldn't trust me forever if we started now."
"You want to try other guys?" he asked, wondering at her meaning.
"That's not what I mean. It's not a kissing thing. It's a life thing. I wanna go through the world, then pick a spot to live."
"You sound like Kiki," he sighed.
"Kiki's Delivery Service? Oh, you're so cute. Yes, maybe. But even she only tried one town. I want to live in a hundred places."
"I like it here," Yoshi said.
"I know. And I like that you like it here. It's good. And it might be good for me too. But I just can't be sure. I need to find out."
Yoshi nodded, conceding.
"I know we are not dating... but can I kiss you, before you go?"
"Of course you can," Chie smiled with empathy. Yoshi's family had cleared out to give their son the space he needed to talk with their chosen one. Yoshi shuffled closer on the sofa and moved his lips to hers. He was losing her but the goodbye had given him a chance to get close. Chie politely returned the kiss. She let him tongue her. She let him kiss her ears, her neck, and her nape. Chie let her shirt buttons open, then her shirt come off. She let her bra undone next. She let her nipples into his mouth. Chie's jeans button and zip was unfastened, and she moved to make it easier for his hands to get into her pants. Chie conceded her pussy lips, his finger sliding along her slit, surprising both of them she was so wet. She shuddered as the finger went in and wriggled inside. Chie pulled her own jeans and pants down below her knees to open her thighs for Yoshi. It was the first time they had been so intimate. Chie was surprised how much she was turned on being fingered.
"Enough," Chie said as Yoshi went to undo his own pants. "Don't take that out."
"Chie. Please. You leave tomorrow."
"Your pants need to stay on," she said seriously.
"Chie. Please."
"Okay, a compromise. Mine stay on, or yours stay on. You can take my pants completely off if you want. Or you can take your pants completely off. But not both. I won't lose my virginity on a goodbye kiss."
What Yoshi should have done was pulled his love's jeans over her ankles, left his on and sucked her and fingered her until she was dizzy with desire. Then his pants could have come off quietly and his cock slid deftly inside her. She would have adored him for it. But Yoshi was young and proud. So, instead he got the hump. He picked up and left, storming to his room like a child. Chie pulled up her pants. She found her bra and put it back on, then her shirt. With no goodbye she walked down the road and back home to her own apartment building; more confident than ever of her choice to seek out the world before settling in Niigata.
********
Sayuri lived with her sister and her sister's husband. Their family was from Osaka, but her sister had married young so she could move to Niigata to be with her boyfriend. They took Sayuri in as their boarder after she was accepted into the same university. Daisuke was studying to be a teacher. Not just any teacher, he was determined to teach at one of the most elite high schools in Japan like Horikoshi Gakuen or Nada High School. As such he was getting his masters, and fighting hard to top his class.
Sayuri had always secretly been in love with Daisuke. When she heard he was going to oversee education at the Tottori summer camps she asked if she could work there, too? Both her sister and brother-in-law said great, that would be wonderful. Sayuri didn't exactly have a plan to throw herself at her sister's husband, but was thrilled to have him to herself for a month. But it hadn't turned out that way. Daisuke was in management of the camp, literally miles away from the general staff population. It wasn't until the weekend between the third and fourth (and final) week that she got to be with him. Daisuke came to a counsellor's karaoke night on Saturday. Everyone got hammered in true Japanese style, Daisuke included. Of course he trusted his wife's kid sister when she said she would walk him back to camp. Later on, it took him a while to realize the pussy he was licking, parked on his face was Sayuri's, and that blue light ambience wasn't just his imagination, it was the mood lighting of the love hotel she had brought him to. He had to admit she was a peach, a better nude than her elder sister. He was clever enough in his stupor to keep his pants on, however... drinking from her cunt and sucking her breasts was borderline okay, under the circumstances, no? Her young tits were divine. Her pussy delicious. Sayuri kissed him so lovingly no matter how much his mouth stunk of her. And the feel of her naked breasts against the skin of his own chest was delightful. Her ass was wonderful in his hands. Thankfully drunken sleep came to his rescue before the hardness in his pants found its way into his sister-in-law's pussy.
In the morning he slipped quietly out of bed to take a shower and re-dress. He thought to sneak out before she woke but decided that would be awkward later; better to face her straight away. He woke Sayuri by sucking her gorgeous breasts. She smiled and opened her eyes, watching lovingly as her brother-in-law tongued her nipple and reached between her legs. Sayuri opened them for him. Her back arched as a finger pushed in.
"Oh Daisuke. You haven't done it to me, not properly," she moaned. "Please...."
Daisuke came up to kiss his wife's sister as he gently fingered her.
"Sayuri. It's been wonderful to have a night with you. A dream. Your body is gorgeous, wonderful to touch. I feel lucky to have seen it like this and played with it. But if I fuck you, that's the end of my marriage. I don't want that. Do you want that?"
"No," Sayuri admitted.
"We still need to live together," Daisuke said, kissing her lips. "I hope us doing this makes it easier, not harder. I hope it brings you and I closer together, not push us apart?"
"It will, it will," Sayuri promised.
"At least we won't have to worry about catching each other naked at home anymore. Seen it all now!"
"I haven't. Not all," Sayuri countered.
"I don't mind if you do see all of me, at home," Daisuke told her, "Just not here. If I undress here, I'll fuck you."
"My body turns you on?" Sayuri asked, grinning playfully.
Daisuke smiled as he said, "Yes," truthfully.
"Is it better than my sister's?"
"I think you know it is," he told her as he slowly fingered her.
"Does she like having sex?"
Daisuke laughed. "Yes. Your sister is proficient in both skill and frequency. It's why you're sleeping in the loft!"
"You're going to try for a baby?" Sayuri hoped. "I could help you have sex if she stopped doing it because of the baby."
"Ha! Your sister says her cunt is not for baby making, she says it's for play. For now anyway."
"Oh," Sayuri sighed, one avenue of hope shut down.
"Hey, we're not meant to be doing this anyway."
"Doing what? You're completely dressed!" Sayuri complained.
"I have a finger in you, Sayuri. I know the taste of your pussy. Your tits spent the night pushed against me. All of that... is more than we should ever have done," he said calmly.
"I know," Sayuri sighed again.
"Come on. Have a shower. I'll watch," he smiled. "Then we'll go get some breakfast."
Daisuke sat in the doorway watching Sayuri wash his kisses from her body. He dried her afterward, and helped her dress. She left her pants and bra in her bag, just wearing her dress from the night before.
"People will be able to tell we're on the way home in these clothes," she grinned.
"No one knows us here," Daisuke shrugged, holding her hand as they walked, and holding her bare ass under her dress as they kissed in the lift up to the pancake house.
"This is a dream for me," she said as he tongued her ear.
"I feel lucky to have seen you naked, too. I never expected to taste your cunt."
"You can do it again," she told him.
"Let's see what happens when we get home. Whatever we do or don't do, nothing when your sister is in the house. Okay?"
"Okay," she smiled, lifting the back of her dress playfully as she got out of the lift.
Daisuke took a deep breath. How long would he be able to resist bedding that girl properly?
********
The onsen water was hot and so was the air. Summer in Japan is hot and sweaty even when it wasn't pouring with rain. All three of us sat on the edge of the bath more than in it. I asked Sayuri to open the sliding windows and let the rain cool the bathroom down if it could. She looked great moving around undressed.
I got up and moved over to the sink to shave with the disposable razors provided. I was conscious of not wanting to scratch the girls' skin as I kissed their delicate bodies later.
"Hey," I said when I was done, "Let's do you guys as well. Have you ever shaved your pussies?"
Both girls shook their heads.
"Well, come on, sit on the little stool."
"Huh? Really? We have to do that?" Chie asked, shocked at the idea.
"You'll love it, believe me. When I suck your cunt, you'll love it."
"Cunt?"
I pointed at her vagina.
"Oh. Cunt," she said. Chie wasn't entirely sure that she wanted her cunt sucked.
"Come. Sit," I said. Chie came and sat and watched herself get shaved bare, followed by Sayuri. We went back into the bath afterward to help soothe their skin.
"Amazing to be here," I said. I sat and pulled Sayuri onto my lap, putting my hands to her breasts. I kissed her shoulders and neck. "Never thought we'd be like this, in a bath, you two with shaved pussies. Amazing. Completely lucky."
I felt Sayuri's body, massaging my hands through her hair, too. I turned to her and kissed her mouth. Sayuri kissed back. I cupped her shaved mound.
"You are beautiful," I said. Neither of the girls spoke. They took their turn being kissed and felt up silently. There was no protest at my hand or lips on their body, but some apprehension. Neither of them were entirely relaxed. Neither of them were feeling entirely passionate. The situation was too unexpected. Too strange. Entirely unplanned. Perhaps if they were alone with me they would warm into it more, rather than having another girl watching. It was the first time I had two girls at once, too. I had to work at keeping them both included. I could sit them on the edge of the bath and finger them both, but I only had one mouth for their lips or their tits.
At least the girls had grown accustomed to their nudity. When the heat and humidity finally drove us to leave the bath, they toweled off openly nude and didn't rush to put the robes back on. Sayuri walked comfortably around to close the windows she had opened.
"Gorgeous," I couldn't help to say at the sight.
When we were back in the room there was an hour left before dinner. We found a vending machine in a little archway in the hall that sold beer and sake, so we had drinks. I looked into the cupboards in the room and pulled one futon out.
"Come on, let's do one of you before dinner comes. Get a start. Then the other one we can do after dinner."
I put the sheet on the futon mattress as the girls looked on sheepishly. I drank a beer and took off my robe.
"Who wants to go first?"
Sayuri and Chie blushed and giggled.
"You have condoms?" Sayuri asked meekly.
"Not on your first fuck. You need to know what it really feels like."
Both girls were too shy or scared to volunteer.
"Come on," I smiled, "You're both going to get it. Someone has to go first."
"I will," Chie said meekly.
"Okay," I nodded. "Take your robe off. Come over."
Chie disrobed, folding it up and putting it in the cupboard. Sayuri retreated to the chair in the enclosed balcony.
"Come," I said to Chie, holding out my hand. "You look great with no hair."
We kissed standing up, my hands on her ass, my tongue in her mouth, her breasts squashed against me. My erection rose to burn against her tummy, I took her hand and brought it to me.
"Hold. Tug. How does that feel?"
"Hard."
"It's going to be in you."
Chie groaned at the thought.
"I worry it can't."
"Don't worry, we'll get there."
I took her hand and ran her fingers from the tip to the base.
"All of that. Up your cunt."
"I worry I'll get pregnant."
"It's possible," I said, kissing her neck. I lay Chie down on the soft futon. She was shaking, knowing what was going to happen. I crawled down between her thighs, spreading her legs wide. With shaved face against shaved pussy, it was smooth and fragrant. Wetness seeped from her. Chie's body twisted at the tongue in her hole and on her lips. My finger flicked her clit as I sucked and tongued her. I pushed my finger inside and sucked on her clit. Chie was lost to her body. I climbed up and mouthed her breasts as my cock wet itself in her slit. My whole face stunk of cunt as I kissed her mouth and pushed. My head forced into her hole. The path forward was stuck. I crawled back down to suck her vagina again, then up to kiss her mouth as my cock inched further inside. I went down on her again. Chie pulled the hair on my head, entirely absorbed by the smell of sex in the room. This time when I came up to kiss her I stayed up. I pushed and prodded and pumped and fucked that girl until she was fully opened. It took a remarkable effort of perseverance, but I didn't stop until my entire beast was housed in her garage.
"You're done. You're full of cock," I panted. "Are you okay?"
Chie nodded nervously.
"Does it hurt?"
"Not if you stay still," Chie breathed.
"Not much chance of that happening," I had to admit.
I kissed her mouth passionately, Chie did a good job of kissing back. Our tongues danced. I started slowly fucking her cunt.
"Please don't get me pregnant," she grimaced.
"Let's see, I feel on edge," I said honestly. I wasn't sure I could keep control, the grip on my cock was amazing. I lifted up on my arms to look down on the girl beneath me. I watched her face as my cock drove slowly in and out of her. Chie's eyes were wide, her mouth open. She was staring into my eyes.
"I love your cunt," I told her.
"It feels good?" she asked timidly.
I nodded. "Guys are going to love having a piece of you."
"What guys?" she asked, confused.
"All the guys that are gonna fuck you."
"Guys? Will there be so many?"
"I expect so," I shrugged. "Given how easy it is to fuck you, I'm guessing you'll have a few cocks in you over time."
Chie didn't say anything. That wasn't really fair, considering she had so strongly said no to Yoshi, but she could see how I might think that way. It had been a short step from travelling companion to lover.
For a time we fucked in silence. At least Chie didn't look away, if we weren't kissing she was looking at me, watching the face of the guy that had put an erection in her for the first time.
"I love that you're naked," I said, leaning down to kiss her. "And your legs are open."
More kissing.
"Your pussy is shaved."
More kissing.
"And that you put out so easily. I love girls opening their legs whenever a guy asks."
We kissed for longer.
"It's so easy to fuck you, I love it," I smiled.
"I love you, too," Chie blurted out.
"Hmm, that's nice" I grinned, putting my head down to mouth her breasts. Chie took her fucking well. Her cunt really did feel great; despite how new it was, it stayed slick throughout. I was down kissing her mouth when I couldn't hold it any more. It took until almost the end of my orgasm for Chie to realize it had happened.
"Did you just...?" she gasped.
"Aah," I grunted the last dribbles into her. "Yes."
"You got me pregnant?" she asked, eyes wide open.
"It's possible. It was a big one."
"Oh god."
"Kiss me," I said. "It felt really nice."
For the longest time we clinched, my cock still up her, wallowing in my own gunk. Chie cried a little, though still smiling. I kissed her delicately as my cock slowly shrunk.
Climbing off I went to wash up in our small bathroom. Chie lay on her back, legs open, looking down at her sore pussy. Shaved and leaking semen, it was almost as if it wasn't hers. With a knock and an excuse-me, the lady serving dinner came in. Chie was dabbing her finger at the muck coming out of her. The old lady didn't bat an eyelid. She said hello politely to her and Sayuri, pulled the low table from the side of the room, then went back and forth from a trolley in the passageway. Chie got up on her knees, gripping her mound to stop more semen leaking. Embarrassed by the damp patch she left on the sheets, Chie tried to use tissues to dry it.
"Don't worry dear, I'll ask them to bring a fresh set of sheets."
"I'm so sorry," Chie said bowing, then coming into the bathroom. She sat on the toilet and let the rest of the semen drip from her.
"I'm pregnant," she shuddered.
"Maybe," I said. "That would make it a big first experience for you. You okay?"
Chie sat up straight and looked at me. She was a gorgeous nude, sitting there with my cum dripping from inside her.
"When we get home," she asked, "Will I still see you?"
"I don't know. If you're pregnant, you'll have to! Who do you live with, can you stay overnight?"
"No. My parents wouldn't allow that."
"Well... if I can't fuck you...."
"You can. I just can't stay."
"Hmmm... maybe. Let's see, hey?"
We put our robes on for dinner. It was gorgeous, we all took photos. The low table was about four feet long and three feet wide and every corner was covered; steamboat and small tubs of fresh ingredients, rice bowls, miso cups, plates of pickles and delicacies, steamed egg, a dried fish, fried pork cutlet with sauces, tempura prawns, edamame beans, cups for sake and beer, a teapot and tea cups, chopsticks and napkins.
To look at, you would think it would be too much for myself and two small women to eat, but never underestimate the consumption power of a Japanese woman. And her capacity to drink. And their love for games. Those two almost laughed up their dinner playing the world's shortest ever game of strip junken (paper-rock-scissors). One piece each and we were all naked. The beer and sake helped them think that was the funniest thing they had ever done. I had us keep playing to do naked dares. As penalties we drank, ran out naked to touch things in the hall, sang, squeezed the other girls breast, 'accidentally' sent a naked photo to a boy in their contact list, make me masturbate, drank more; and generally caused a drunken raucous. Even the housemaid coming in to clean the table away and lay out the beds didn't stop us carrying on like drunken co-eds. By the time it was Sayuri's turn to get nailed, Chie had curled up in her futon and passed out.
Sayuri kissed with the passion of a drunk girl. She sucked my cock with the enthusiasm of a drunk girl - albeit with the skill of one who had never sucked cock before. When I licked and fingered her, her own cunt ran rivers of juice, as you get with an uninhibited drunk girl. She played for the camera and let me video our sex like a drunk girl. When it came to bury my cock in her body, I flipped her to her stomach.
"You'll be facing the pillow when you lose it," I whispered at her ear. "Fucked from behind like an animal."
Sayuri didn't mind. She lifted her ass and presented. Unlike Chie, her cunt didn't resist. Her hips were tiny, her features slight, but her cunt was made for dick. I slid effortlessly to her depths.
"Jeez, you were ready for that," I said, amazed.
Sayuri nodded. She was. She wished her sister's Daisuke had entered her a week earlier; to still be a virgin had been a bitter disappointment. Now she had exalted her revenge, of sorts, lifting her rear to let this stranger drive deeper inside. A foreigner.
"I'm being stretched," she whispered dizzily to herself.
Having cum in Chie and with so much alcohol, I wasn't even close to losing control. Sayuri got a long and tough deflowering. Up on all fours, I pounded her like a hooker. She didn't seem distressed, at nineteen her body was well ready to be with a man. Tired, we spooned together on our sides, my cock deep in her and the futon cover wrapped over us. Gripping a breast, it was a nice way to sleep.
I woke first. The day was still grey and miserable but not raining. I crawled naked over to the futon where Chie was sleeping on her side. After fingering her wet, I then pushed my morning wood into her from behind, bit by bit.
"It stings," she grimaced as I slowly fucked her.
"You'll get used to it," I said gently. I rolled over to put her on all fours, then pushed her face into her pillow. Ass in the air, I held her hips and slowly dragged myself fully in and out of her.
"You're smooth. You're wet," I said. "You feel okay now?"
Chie turned back and nodded.
"You're a natural baby," I told her. "No way can I tell you had your first time yesterday. Your cunt is in perfect condition."
I fucked her slowly, dragging the length of my erection all the way out and all the way in. Chie was opening up and filling with air, the tip of my cock had space to roll around her walls. I kept at it for an age, massaging my erection with her pussy, amazed at how wet she was.
"You are ready for this, too" I said. Chie seemed to agree. Her groans were pleasure more than pain. She pushed back against each deep entry, instinctively helping me get further in. In the end I lost it again, staying inside to ejaculate.
"Sorry," I groaned. "Feels too good, cumming in you."
"I'm gonna go home pregnant," Chie shuddered, looking back at me.
"You've taken to cock in a hurry," I remarked.
Chie said nothing. She closed her eyes back into the pillow, shuddering at how good it felt for a man to lose control inside her. It wasn't just the sex, she was getting pregnant. Her first baby would be from casual sex. How dumb but, oh, her head was dizzy with ecstasy. It was thrilling. No wonder girls lets guys do this to them so often. Once the cock was in, it was mutual. Chie couldn't imagine that a guy could feel as good fucking her as she did being fucked. At the twitching of insemination, she was overrun with goose bumps.
Chie was again standing on her knees holding her pussy to stop the sperm leaking when the maid came in with breakfast boxes. It was the same lady as the evening before.
"Don't feel embarrassed," I told her from under the cover of a futon as she bowed and apologized. "If they keep knocking and coming in without waiting, it's not your fault if you're not dressed."
"I need tissues," Chie stressed, pulling her hand down to see the pool of boy-muck in her palm. "Is it always this much?"
"In the bathroom," I told her. "Or there's a box down there by Sayuri."
The old maid pulled the table with the breakfast boxes to the middle of the tatami as Chie walked awkwardly to the bathroom, hand between her legs trying not to drip. The lady went out to get a hot water flask for tea, then left us.
I moved over to Sayuri's futon to gently wake her by sucking her breasts.
"Breakfast," I said as her eyes opened.
The room was toasty warm and not too humid, we all three sat naked to eat. I really don't like Japanese breakfasts. Salted fish, pickles, miso full of seaweed. I ate the fluffy white rice and went to the bathroom for a rinsing shower, leaving the girls to eat and talk.
The bathroom was tiny, literally a shower built for just one. The idea was to use the inn baths, I guessed. I soaped up and took a moment to think about the lucky break I'd caught. Chie was a babe ready to be switched on. Her body was small but divine; in perfect proportion for her size. Her cunt was in pristine condition, on just her second fuck it had performed like a veteran. Sayuri was elegantly beautiful. Perhaps someone to look at, or kiss, rather than go crazy for sex? It had been a privilege to bed her, but unless she was drunk, Sayuri seemed less erotic than Chie.
"Beautiful, though. Gorgeous," I said out loud to myself.
When I came out, the girls were in their robes, not entirely comfortable sitting naked when it was just the two of them.
"So, what's the verdict?" I asked them.
The girls looked puzzled.
"What do you mean?"
"Did you have a good night?"
Neither of them answered, they just grinned.
"What?" I asked, toweling off, still naked.
"Sayuri wants to come with you," Chie said.
"Where?"
"When I stay at my aunt's, Sayuri wants to come with you."
"Oh yeah?" I said, surprised. "You girls don't want to stay together?"
"Sayuri can have you now, I'll have you back in Niigata," Chie informed me.
I laughed.
"Oh really? You've got me sorted all out, huh?"
"Yes," she said confidently.
"I take it you liked being fucked, both of you?"
Neither of them answered.
"Well," I said, "I want to get on the road early, we've still got a fair way to Fukui. It would be good to get there before lunchtime. Sayuri, can we have a quick one? Take off your robe. But we should try and leave here by eight thirty if we can."
Chie watched nervously as I lay Sayuri onto a futon and buried my face between her thighs. Shaved smooth as she was, the wetness spread easily inside and out. I broke away briefly to tell Chie to get my phone and video us. There's not many times that you get a cameraman (or camerawoman) to film you having sex, rather than propping the phone in one spot. It was good of Chie to help.
I did everything I could to drive Sayuri crazy, sucking and fingering her. She was tight, three fingers was too much, mostly I used only two. Even my cock found it hard going. When she was drunk the night before she opened up easily but now in the cold light of morning, you'd think she was still a virgin. Unlike Chie, Sayuri's cunt didn't just bloom at one touch. If anything she had regressed.
"Maybe do it from behind again is better?" Sayuri winced as I forced fully up her. Pulling out I flipped her over and pulled her ass up in the air. She was wet, but still not easy to get in to. It was if the sex the night before had swollen her insides and made her tighter than ever. I kept fucking her in the hope that she got better as it went on. It didn't. Eventually I stopped, cock as far in as it could go, and held.
"Okay. Let's take a break," I suggested. "Do you want me to cum in you?"
"Huh?"
"Do you wanna get pregnant, too? I could cum in you."
"I don't want a baby," Sayuri said, turning back to look at me.
"You sure? I could cum right now."
"Please don't," Sayuri begged.
I nodded and slowly pulled back and out. Sayuri gripped her pussy as if holding it from falling apart. I lay next to her, gently holding and kissing.
"Please don't get me pregnant," Sayuri whispered as we kissed. "You can use my vagina, I don't mind, but please don't make me have a baby."
"Cunt," I corrected her.
"Cunt?"
"Not vagina. Cunt."
"Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't know. You can use my cunt for fun, but I don't want to be pregnant please."
"Okay," I shrugged. "I'm okay with that."
I rolled her up top of me and we kissed intimately. Her ass felt wonderful in my hands.
"You want me to stop?" Chie asked, still walking around us filming.
"One more thing," I said, "Let me bruise her."
Chie videoed as I rolled Sayuri to her back and put a series of massive hickeys on her; three on her breasts and one right next to her cunt.
We dressed, though Sayuri didn't wear pants or bra, just a floral summer dress from her bag. I nodded approval.
"If I'm coming with you, I guess I won't need underwear?" she sighed at me.
"No," I agreed, grinning happily. I stepped close and undid the buttons at the front. "And let me see your tits. Yeah?"
Chie sat in the front for the drive to Fukui, given there would be a night we had away from each other. I asked her to take her shorts and underwear off, let me see her cunt as we drove.
"What time will you pick me up tomorrow?"
"I don't know. Two or three in the afternoon? We should be able to get back to Niigata in time for dinner."
"Do you want to have sex with me at your place before you take me home tomorrow?" Chie offered.
"Yeah. That would be nice."
"Okay. I'll tell my parents I'll be back late, give us some time."
"I can drive the car if you want to do it now?" Sayuri suggested.
"Huh?"
"You two can come into the back seat. I can drive."
Ordinarily I'd say that was a great idea. But I have a thing about girlfriends driving my car. Twice in the past it had been the wrecking of them.
"It's okay. I'll save myself for you later, baby," I told Sayuri, smiling back at her in the mirror. Chie didn't know her aunt's place well. We were there sooner than she expected. We realized we had arrived when she saw her aunt waiting out front of the house we had almost driven past. The aunt caught Chie scrambling to get her tangled pants back up and on. She didn't look angry, just surprised and confused.
"Why are your pants off? Why is there no hair?" she asked her niece, not caring she could be overheard.
"Auntie!" Chie squealed, "Help me get my bag."
"Your friend isn't staying?" she asked, seeing Sayuri climb into the front seat and close the door.
"No, those two will come pick me up tomorrow. Two thirty?"
"Yep. See you then," I said, saying goodbye, then moving off.
"Shit, I should have done my buttons up," Sayuri said, realizing how exposed her bruised chest had been. "That Auntie must think badly of us three."
"How about you?" I asked. "Do you feel bad?"
"No," she smiled and lifted her dress, opening her legs. "Just sore. You need to be gentle on me."
I laughed. That was unlikely.
"So where are you going?" Sayuri asked.
"I don't even know," I had to admit. "I was planning on just driving around, looking at things."
"Where were you going to stay?"
"I don't know, some little place. A little business hotel. Backpacker if I could find it."
"We could stay at a love hotel?" Sayuri suggested. Japan has thousands of them, quite often with each room themed in some way. They usually have porn on TV and condoms everywhere and a big spa bath and mirrors on the ceiling, that type of thing. You pay by the hour, or you can stay overnight - but once you leave the room you can't go back in.
"Nah, we can use them back in Niigata. Love hotels aren't much fun to stay overnight. I'd rather we found a ryokan again."
"Love hotel back in Niigata? Are you going to keep having sex with me when we get back home?"
"Yeah," I smiled, looking at her. "If I could, for sure. You're beautiful. Your body is amazing. Any guy would love having his cock in you."
"What about Chie?"
"What?"
"Are you going to keep having sex with her, too?"
"I'd have the three of us in together if it were my choice!"
Sayuri smiled and shook her head.
"Boys! You want everything your way."
"Come on, find us somewhere to stay. Look up the ryokan situation anywhere within four hours drive from here. Somewhere nice and inexpensive and with a family bath so we can go in an onsen together."
"We don't need a ryokan for that," Sayuri said.
"What do you mean?"
"If you wanna take an onsen together we just find a konyoku."
"What the hell's a konyoku?"
"It's an onsen where the men and women go in together."
"Naked?"
"In some of them."
"Where?"
Sayuri looked through her phone.
"There's an outdoor one, in the mountains. Oyadani no Yu. Probably two hours drive from here."
"That's okay."
"Middle of the woods. Rapids, waterfalls, free of charge. Wear what you want."
"Wow, sounds great. Wear what you want? So you can wear nothing, right?"
"Uh-huh."
"But there could be other people there too? Are you gonna be okay with being naked around other people?"
"I don't know. Let's see. If it's in the mountains, maybe it's not busy."
"Which way?"
"That way," Sayuri said, pointing backward.
It took two and a half hours (plus a Mos-burger stop) to get to the car park at the start of the walking path down the onsen. The drive was spectacularly beautiful. The sun was out, the humidity in the mountains was low, and it was toasty warm. A gorgeous day.
The car park was suspiciously full, though. Sayuri didn't say anything but I could tell she noticed. There are steps down into the valley from the road then an undulating path around to the part of the stream where you can bathe. Being a beautiful day, unfortunately there were eight people dotted around the area and the pool. Six were middle-aged guys. There were a couple of older women too, in frumpy bathing suits. The guys were naked with white mid-sized towels in front of their private's when they were out of the water.
"Mike, there's too many people," Sayuri hesitated.
"What's too many?" I reasoned. "If there were twenty you'd wish there were only eight."
"We don't have towels. There are none here."
"We'll air dry. It's fine."
"I'm shaved. They will see everything."
"Only if you stand up for a long time."
"You sucked my breasts too hard. The bruises. People will know I've been having sex."
At that I laughed.
"You're allowed to have sex. We're not the ones on high school camp."
"I know, but...,"
"Come on. There's a place there for our gear. Let's just get in."
"I don't want to undress here. There are too many people."
"Sayuri, we just drove three hours at your suggestion. We're not coming all this way and not going in. Come on. Dress off."
I took my own clothes off and left them in the little tray-type areas that someone had built. Standing naked I stared firmly at Sayuri.
"Dress off."
"This is too embarrassing. Look at all the guys. They're watching me."
"Exactly. Stop causing a scene. Dress off. Let's get over to the water."
"I don't want to," Sayuri whined like a young girl.
"Hey, I am standing here naked, would you hurry up? We've driven all this way to do this, so come on. Dress off."
With a pouting face, Sayuri picked up the hem of her dress and pulled it up and over her head, standing there in nothing but sandals. I nodded appreciatively.
"You look great."
I said it - and those guys looking over thought it. Admittedly, Sayuri was right, once naked she was scandalous with her wicked bruised breasts and thigh and shaved pussy. As she moved to take off her sandals and place them under the bench, it was an amazing sight for all of us. I took her hand and we carefully walked over the rocks to the onsen pool. Even in the warmth of the day you could see steam rising.
"Spectacular," I said, looking at both Sayuri and the surroundings. She dipped a toe, then lifted her foot quickly.
"It's hot."
"Which is why so many people are sitting on the sides, I guess," I noticed.
"I wanna get in. Not comfortable like this. All those guys are staring at me," she whispered.
"Can't blame them. You look amazing."
Sayuri blushed and tried to brave the heat of the rock pool. She could get in to her calves and tried to kneel down but couldn't bring herself to tolerate the heat on her thighs.
"This was a waste of time," Sayuri complained, standing hands on hips in the shallow part. I laughed.
"You are kidding me right?"
"What?" she turned to ask.
"This is anything but a waste of time," I said, nodding at her nudity. "You and this place complement each other nicely."
Sayuri sighed and shook her head.
"Come on," I said. "May as well look around."
Given it was officially an onsen and officially mixed, there was nothing wrong with us walking around the rocks to look at the river naked, but it wasn't exactly what anyone else was doing. If we'd had a towel to hold to our front it would have been more relaxing for Sayuri. I was impressed how she soldiered on without it.
"You're being a good sport. Not even using your arms to cover up."
"What's the point? They've all seen me now anyway," she sighed. We eventually persevered and put our body in the hot onsen for a length of time. It helped Sayuri relax for a while at least. We sat close, held each other and kissed - but mostly behaved.
Some of the guys started talking to me in the English they knew. Mostly they were curious about my relationship with Sayuri. Given it was so hot that she spent most of her time out of the water, the bruises on her tits and pussy were a hot topic, too.
I told them we'd been work colleagues, and used to body language to show how she got the bruises. It got the old guys going, our presence made their day.
"Usually women not nude," one guy smiled.
"She's fine with it," I grinned. "She loves the attention!"
"I do not," Sayuri squealed in Japanese.
Anyway, it was fun teasing her and talking to those guys. None of them left until we did. And of course with no towels we had to stand around air-drying for a time, giving Sayuri's fan club even more time to stare. A couple of guys came over for photos with Sayuri. Given the two older ladies had left already, I told her to let them hold her breasts, and being a good sport she held their cocks, too. It was fun. For Sayuri it was entirely embarrassing, but even she had to admit that the joy of allowing those men to feel her up was flattering. One guy, the oldest looking of all of them came in behind and held Sayuri's hips pretending to fuck her from behind while his friends took photos. I felt sorry for him, I think if he'd been young enough to get a boner that Sayuri might have let him in.
One of the guys recommended a ryokan nearby in Hakusan and at five o'clock we collectively sighed to see Sayuri put her dress back on and make our way back to the car.
The ryokan was thirty minutes away, the guy literally guided us there, us following his car. He came inside to introduce us, he knew the owner. I think we must have gotten a discount; the room was better, the dinner better and yet the cost a little cheaper than back in Kinosaki. The guy took some final photos with us in front of the inn, then drove off with a big smile and wave goodbye.
"That was really nice of him," Sayuri said happily.
"Well, he got a good deal, too. How many men have seen your cunt before? Especially shaved."
She hit me playfully, and we went to our room. Without asking Sayuri took off her dress, then pulled a futon from the cupboard. She went down on her hands and knees.
"You like it from behind, huh?" I said, undressing.
"It doesn't hurt so much this way."
"I'm okay with that. You're a doggy girl. Happy to fuck you that way."
I brought my face down to lick her wet, then got on my knees to guide my cock to her cunt.
"Wow, is it always going to be like this?" I asked, fighting to push myself in. Chie's cunt was made for fucking. Sayuri's less so. Hers seemed more for looking at than playing with.
"It still hurts," Sayuri winced.
"Maybe we find a Lawson?" I posed. "Get some sex gel."
"Can we?" Sayuri agreed.
"Yeah, it might help."
I pulled out and threw on some clothes.
"Come on, I might need your help, I'm not sure how to read the Japanese for that. No point buying hair gel by mistake."
I tossed her dress over. Sayuri put it on, buttons undone. She was happy to see me smile.
"I love that you show off your tits," I said.
"I know you like it," she nodded smugly.
In Japan there is a Lawson on every corner, even in the countryside. They are like a super-duper 7-11, full of delicious goodies unique to Japan. And there is always condoms. Where there are condoms, there's gel - usually. But we couldn't see it. I went to the counter and tried to explain, but the young girl staff looked confused. She called the manager over who came out to follow me to the aisle.
"Sayuri, can you explain?"
"I don't know what it's called!" she complained.
I turned to the guy, using my best Japanese to say, "Her. Cunt. Small. Oil. Smooth. Not hurt. Go inside. Her. Cunt."
Sayuri shook her head in embarrassment. I think the guy understood my word by word description, but he clarified with Sayuri before answering. Sayuri explained the same thing in a more discrete manner, before he answered.
"They don't have it," she told me. "But he asked if we use condoms? I said no, but he said these ones come with gel on them so may help going in."
"You want to use a condom?" I asked her.
"You can't cum in me. It will stop me getting pregnant."
I shrugged okay.
"Fine. Go on then."
Sayuri went to the counter to buy them. I thanked the store manager for helping. I think he said good luck, but couldn't be sure.
"You know you shouldn't use the word 'manko' in public," she said quietly.
"Manko? Really? Why not?"
"It's a rude word. You should say 'asoko'."
"Really, I'm so sorry."
"It's okay. You can use it when we are in bed. I don't mind you call it manko to me."
Back in the room, I had Sayuri put the condom on me. It was a struggle, even after she read the instructions in Japanese. It took three to get it right, lucky it was a pack of twelve. Back on all fours, admittedly my dick sunk easier into her; albeit without the warm feeling of wet pussy on my skin. And whilst the gel helped me in, after seven minutes of nailing her, the friction from the rubber was stinging more than if I had been bare-back.
"Okay, let's stop. Dinner will come soon anyway," I said, seeing Sayuri was hurting.
"I'm so sorry," she said, genuinely.
"Hey, we'll get there! Doesn't have to be perfect from the start. Would be more strange if it was, right?"
Sayuri smiled and hugged me.
"Thank you," she said, kissing gently.
"Hey, just getting up you is a privilege. It's me who needs thanking you."
She kissed and held me tightly.
"Can you take that off for me?" I asked.
Sayuri sheepishly rolled the condom up my shaft and held it with two fingers. I handed her a tissue from a box on the low table.
"This plan wasn't so good," she said.
"No," I agreed.
"Next time just put it in," Sayuri told me. "I'll try and get used to it."
I pulled her back to the futon. We lay kissing, entwined in each other's nudity, until a knock on the door. This ryokan was more discrete, they waited until we opened the door before they came in. I was told later by some Japanese friends that some ryokan will take multiple bookings for dinner at the same time. They never push back to the customer, so if everyone says they want to eat at seven o'clock then they have to deliver to all rooms at seven o'clock. Which means there is no waiting for you to be ready to take the food, they just rush in and deliver, then rush on to the next one. That wasn't the case in our Hakusan ryokan. That lady took all the time in the world to set up, even emptying the bin with the condoms and packets thrown loosely in it.
"Oh my god," Sayuri said afterward, "There were three used condoms there, given I broke two. She must think...."
"That you've been fucked three times? Ha. I guess. In short time!"
Dinner was outstanding. Sayuri's tits naked on the other side of the table were outstanding too. She had no problems with me taking photos of her nude at the table; and went as far as helping me choose which ones of her looked the best to send to my friends and post on some websites.
"You really don't mind I send these out?"
"You already made me show myself naked in real life. What's it matter if it's just a photo?"
"Hey I didn't make you do that, it was your idea to go to the mixed onsen."
"I didn't think it would have so many men there. I thought only couples or families would go there."
"You did a great job though. Those guys were pretty happy to see you!" I laughed.
"I know! And you kept telling them about the sex we had!"
"Hey, they were asking," I shrugged innocently.
There was a big bottle of sake that came with dinner so we were both relaxed and boisterous. We went to see if there was a bath we could share in the inn. We wore just our robes, taking sneaky photos on my phone of Sayuri pulling hers aside on the stairs.
"Your cunt looks great shaved," I had to say, genuinely impressed. "Suits your body type."
Perhaps it was because Sayuri had a gap between her thighs. Girls that have large thighs that touch when standing normally, look a bit unsexy when shaved. On girls with a gap, like Sayuri, it was gorgeous.
The inn didn't have private baths, only separate men's and women's.
"It's not busy, though," the lady said in Japanese. "If you don't mind, you can both use the men's side. You will probably have it to yourself."
That was an unexpected solution.
"Okay," I said on behalf of Sayuri.
As we walked down the hall and came to the bath entry, Sayuri took a deep breath.
"You've already done it once today," I reminded her.
"I know," she said, following me into the men's changing room. This was a proper entry with lockers and bath clogs and towels to use. There were huge fans blowing on stands too, to help with the humidity. I looked past the sliding door into the bath. There were two guys sitting on the edge. I spoke with them in Japanese as best I could.
"Hello. How are you? Do you mind? My fianc was told by the lady at reception that she could join me on this side. Do you mind if a woman comes into the bath?"
Both of them looked surprised to see a foreigner at the inn, let alone one that spoke (shitty) Japanese. They looked behind me to see who I was talking about. Sayuri had a tiny towel wrapped around as much of her body as she could. The guys repositioned their own towels over their privates and said yes, please, welcome. They were surprised to see a lady, but of course one that looked like Sayuri could hardly be denied.
"Come in," I said, back into English. "We better wash first."
There was a series of small seats and hand-held shower heads. I took my own towel off, then hers.
"Turn and face them," I whispered. "May as well let them see you, get it over with, then we can just relax."
Sayuri stood and let the two men take a long look.
"Bruises?" one of the men said, pointing at the hickey.
"From having sex," I told them in English.
"Sex?" they laughed. "Okay okay."
"Very nice," one said, holding a thumbs up.
I washed Sayuri, then she washed me, each of us sitting on our little stool as the other one did it. I couldn't help but get hard as she soaped my cock. It was hidden when I sat, but difficult to stand up.
"Perhaps you better go get in first," I said gently, "Give me a chance to calm down."
Sayuri smiled and nodded, giving my erection a playful flick. She stood at the edge of the big bath, those two guys sitting across from her with small scrubbing towels over their groin, watching.
"This is so hot!" she said to those guys in Japanese, dipping a toe in and out.
"Yes, it is very hot for an indoor bath, perhaps because it's summer," said one of the guys. "That's why we are sitting up here, difficult to sit in the water for too long," said the other.
Sayuri tried to find privacy under the waterline, but she also couldn't last long. She stood thigh-deep in the water, her breasts and slit on show, using her hands to pour water over herself.
"This is your fianc?" asked one of them.
"No, he is my colleague from work," Sayuri replied, contradicting my earlier introduction.
"But he said you two are having sex?" one guy gruffed in Japanese.
"Yes, but just casual, he's not my boyfriend. I asked if I could get a ride together from Tottori to Niigata. I'm just travelling with him."
"And you gave him sex? Just to get a lift?"
"He asked me to," Sayuri defended.
"Okay," one guy smiled. "Lucky him."
"Can I give you a lift anywhere?" the other teased.
Sayuri just smiled. When I came in they stopped talking. I didn't find the water too unbearable. I could sit in it, at least. It would have been nicer if it was a little cooler, but it was okay. Sayuri came over next to me, occasionally sitting down in the water but mostly standing. Those three got talking again in Japanese, I was too tired to concentrate. No one else came in, so it was just us four for a long time. No way were those two going to leave the bath with Sayuri there, both friendly and full-frontal nude. She was being nice, answering all their questions. From the bits I picked up, it was mostly about her 'adult' experiences.
"So, was that mostly about your sex life?" I asked back in the room later.
"Yes," she said blushing.
"You were being really nice to them. You didn't cover up at all, you let them stare, chatting all they wanted. It was really nice of you."
"It was their bath. I had to make them feel comfortable, I was intruding."
I put Sayuri onto the futon on her back, laying gently on her. I kissed her lips, her face, her neck.
"That feels nice," Sayuri whispered.
"Can I film me fucking you?" I asked.
Sayuri nodded, "Okay."
I set the phone up on the little short table to the side of us and left the lights on. For a long while I kissed her face and her neck, her shoulders, her breasts and her stomach, and thighs before eventually pushing my face against her smooth shaved vagina. With my tongue and my fingers, Sayuri went wild. Oral and digital got her wound up nicely, so I kept at her. Fingering, licking, sucking, flicking; I went crazy on her clit and her vaginal walls. Even so, I hadn't expected her to orgasm like she did. Screaming and contorting, Sayuri squirted fiercely. It was a miracle my face was out of the way. It was a second miracle that the camera was on the other side of me and caught it all on film. It spread further than the futon making even the tatami mat wet.
As Sayuri collapsed and panted, I lay next to her and let her calm back down from her high.
"What did you do to me?" she puffed.
"I think you like oral sex," I said, lightly touching her breast.
"I think I do too," she nodded, still breathless. "Please. What can I do for you? How can I make you feel good?"
"You can suck my cock," I suggested.
"Okay," Sayuri nervously replied. "How?"
I smiled. This would be fun... possibly.
"Well, hold the shaft, put it in your mouth, suck like you would an ice-block. When you feel it twitch, put your lips to the base of the cock head, here, and take the cum in your mouth. It will shoot in pretty fast. It will be hot, and taste weird, but hold on. Keep your mouth there till you feel the last bits go into your mouth. Then you drink it. Then put your lips to the tip of the cock and suck out any leaking bits. You got that? I need to go through it again?"
"You're going to cum in my mouth?" she asked nervously.
"Yeah. If you're going to suck cock, you gotta swallow. No point in stopping before the finish."
"Okay," Sayuri nodded uncertainly. "Will it taste bad?"
"I don't actually know," I said honestly. "You can find out."
"Okay."
Timidly, Sayuri shuffled down to mouth a cock for the first time. I had her position herself so the camera could film it all clearly.
"Most girls blow a guy before they fuck, so I guess this is catch up for you."
As best she could, Sayuri did as I asked. She was pretty good for a first timer; smiling and looking up at me as she did it, comfortable to have an erection on her tongue.
"Seems you're a both-way oral girl. Natural for you."
Sayuri didn't answer, she kept blowing and licking. She was good enough to get me to the edge. I held her head tight to stop her from recoiling when I blew. It was lucky I did. When my semen ejaculated into her mouth the shock of it was obvious. Sayuri tried to get the penis out of her mouth but I held firm. She squirmed and squealed as best she could with a mouth full of penis.
"Relax. Drink it," I told her calmly. "You gotta get used to that. This is the first of many."
I held her for long enough that Sayuri reluctantly gulped, then retched. The cum stayed down, but only just.
"Wow, you need to get better at that," I said paternally.
"I'm so sorry. There was so much. I didn't think it would be that much."
"Taste okay?"
Sayuri shook her head. "Can I get some water?"
"Go."
It was lovely to watch Sayuri walk naked around the room, into the bathroom and back. Even after just cumming, my cock half-hardened at the sight of her. I took the phone that was still recording and followed her around, filming her. Sayuri was delightfully embarrassed by it.
"Go get us some drinks from the vending machine in the hall?" I asked. I handed her a fistful of coins from my pants pocket in the floor. "No, no, without the robe."
"Are you serious?"
"Uh-Huh. Go on."
I filmed Sayuri timidly look around the door to see if anyone was coming. The vending machine was way down the other end.
"Shoo. Go. Quick. Before someone comes."
Sayuri half-ran down the hall. I wasn't half-hard anymore, I was rock solid. What a sight. What a girl. The sex may be a bit fumbly with Sayuri but she had a body to behold. She got to the end of the hall and took a first bottle from the machine, but the second seemed to get stuck. She looked at me for help, but I just smiled and shrugged. From somewhere to the left, a man came up behind Sayuri and asked in Japanese, "Can I help?"
Sayuri was in shock. Two conflicting instincts battled each other; the first instinct was to shriek and run away from being naked with a stranger, and secondly the Japanese instinct to be polite and deferential to an older person who just offered to help you.
I loved that the Japanese in her won out. She stood politely explaining what she had done as the guy knelt down to dislodge the drink stuck behind the chute door. He took his time! He happily took in her body as he twisted and jiggled the stuck bottle.
I zoomed and got it all on video, including a bright-red Sayuri walking back toward me with two small sake bottles in her hands.
"Oh my god," Sayuri squealed, dashing into the room. I didn't say anything. I'd just cum but I was as hard as I've ever been. I lay Sayuri on her back on the futon and struck straight up her bare pussy.
"You're soaking wet," I said, surprised. It had never been so easy to get my cock in her. "You like showing off."
"Fuck me," was her only reply.
Having just cum, this time I had tremendous control. I fairly nailed Sayuri; me on top, then her on top, then spun over from behind. Exhaustion brought us to a halt rather than climax. Cock and cunt could have gone on.
"You are amazing," I told her, holding her from behind, fully inserted. "I can't believe you just stood there and let that guy look at you."
"I could see him get hard," she said.
"Really? Wow. What would you expect, I got hard myself. I still am, thinking about it."
"Guys really like my body, huh?" she turned back and said.
"Yes! You like that?"
"Of course. It's flattering that guys have interest in it."
"You like showing them?"
"Yeah, maybe, after everything you made me do, maybe I do," Sayuri smiled and admitted.
"So we should find more ways for guys to see you naked?"
"Hmmm. Then you can give me this afterwards," Sayuri purred, pushing harder at my cock.
"You like fucking now, huh?"
"Hmm, this time it felt good."
Sayuri turned back again and kissed my mouth as I gave small sloppy humps at her pussy.
"Seems you're an exhibitionist," I said into the kiss.
"What's that?"
"A girl that gets wet showing her body in public."
"Maybe. It's possible. When I saw that guy got hard, I wanted to keep showing him."
"Yep. We found your thing."
I rolled Sayuri on to her tummy and pounded her again.
"Round two," I yelled out.
With the mountain air and all the sex, Sayuri and I slept really well that night. We woke early. There was no breakfast as part of our stay so I was able to slowly kiss, suck and fuck my bedmate without being walked in on. This time it was hard work again getting my morning wood into her.
"You're funny. Standing in the hall naked gets you more wet than having your cunt sucked."
"It's not my fault!"
"Whose fault is it, if not yours?"
"It just the way it is, not by choice."
"Out you go then, one dash up and down the hall."
"What? Now? It's morning."
I climbed off her and we looked slyly out the room door. It was too busy, hardly a moment some guest or staff wasn't walking along or going up and down the stairs at the end of the hall. But just the thought of doing it turned on Sayuri's tap. With just her head out the door I entered her from behind. It was easy, Sayuri was super sloppy, super turned on.
"Wow, this really is your thing," I grunted.
"Hey, careful, you're pushing me out the door."
It wasn't on purpose, but one guy who came out of his room two doors down stopped in his tracks at the sight of Sayuri's jiggling breasts as I nailed her. When I finally worked out why she was fussing, we pulled Sayuri back into the room and it was enough to set off fireworks between her legs.
"He saw me, having sex," she groaned as I pushed her against the back of the door, cunt squelching loudly on each thrust. I wasn't in the mood to cum, but I was seriously in the mood to fuck, as was Sayuri after her fix of public nudity. We rolled all over the room frantically mating.
"Mike, please. You have to keep doing this to me. When we go home, you can't stop. Please."
"You like cock now?"
"The way we do it, yes."
"Can you stay over if I fuck you?"
"Of course."
"And if Chie also sleeps with me, how you feel about that?"
"I don't mind, but do I have to be there? Can we do it on different days?"
"Why, you don't like being there together? You were in the room when I was fucking her in Kinosaki."
"I don't mind watching you two do it, but the way we discovered that I like it... it's a bit strange to admit I let men see me. I don't think I could be this wet if she was there with us."
"Yeah, okay. I agree. The way to get you turned on is a bit strange. I don't think Chie can stay over anyway, so we should be able to have alone time."
"Good," Sayuri beamed, then kissed me. Fiercely.
"You better go on the pill though. I don't think I'm going to be able to stop myself from cumming in you forever."
"Okay."
We left the inn early enough in the morning to stop at the mixed onsen again, on the way to pick Chie up. This time we were old hands, walking confidently down the path to the bath and undressing without the hesitation or nervousness of the day before. There were seven old guys that looked like buddies, and regulars. They literally cheered when Sayuri stood nude on the edge of the waters asking if she could come in. A few of them were looking for hidden cameras; it seemed like some cheesy plot of a cheap Japanese porn movie. But when Sayuri started talking with everyone normally about work and study where she lived and what she was planning to do after school, the men realized they simply had a beautiful normal girl naked in the pool with them. It was a nice experience for everyone, Sayuri included. I made her explain in Japanese that she would give a blowjob to one of them, and only one of them, if they could all agree which guy could have it. I thought there was no way they could sort themselves out, the challenge for six guys to all agree it would not be them would be too much. But they did, and impressively quickly. The guy they chose was the 'baby', he was only sixty-five, and as Sayuri translated, he was the only one they had faith was going to be able to maintain an erection and get all the way through to cumming. They were happy to stand around feeling her up as she did it though, eventually getting the old guy to blow. The cheer could be heard down the valley when she stood up and swallowed.
I knew the public sex would get Sayuri wet, and it made things especially nice for me; back in the car park in the back seat for fifteen minutes, my dear Sayuri showed me just how turned on she was from being nude and sucking cock in front of strangers.
"Your cunt is on fire," I said, sweating. Sayuri couldn't reply, she was too busy fucking. It had been a pivotal couple of days.
We got to Chie's aunt's place on time but we hadn't had lunch, so Chie had to watch Sayuri and I stop for a ramen down the road before we headed onto the highway to Niigata. We didn't tell Chie everything that happened, especially about other guys seeing and touching Sayuri's body. She wanted to keep that to ourselves.
After getting caught with her pants off by her aunt, Chie had been dragged to the doctor for a morning-after pill, and the doctor had given Chie the contraceptive pill to start from her next period.
"So, you have to stop cumming in me for a while," she said seriously.
"For a while," I repeated.
Sayuri's house was first, we got there around six in the evening. Given our connection, it was a strangely unaffectionate goodbye.
"Call me?" she said, walking off, leaving me to Chie. Not even a kiss.
"So," I said as we pulled away. "You wanted to fuck before I took you home, no?"
"I can't."
"What?"
"My aunty told my mum what happened. They'll be waiting for me already."
"Seriously? That's disappointing."
"There's a park near home. You could do me there if we can hide somewhere, if you're quick?" she suggested.
"No," I laughed. "Can you come to my place tomorrow?"
"I'll try," she promised.
So after an intensive two days and nights of young passionate sex with teens, I was suddenly home in my apartment alone.
"Probably a good thing," I told myself, looking around at the amount of spring cleaning to do. I picked up an udon and a couple of beers from the shop downstairs and set about cleaning; changing sheets, mopping the floor and scrubbing the kitchen - just in case either of my two girls decided they really did want to come visit.
********
Sayuri walked in the door at home two days after her brother-in-law.
"Good road trip?" he asked nervously. It was the first time they had seen each other since walking back to camp from a love hotel holding hands.
"It was okay. Where's Sis?"
"Pilates class."
"Oh, okay."
Sayuri took her bags down the hall and into her room. She began unpacking and sorting out what needed to be washed. After a few minutes Daisuke stood in her doorway.
"Everything okay?" he checked.
"Yeah. Really good."
"You and me," Daisuke clarified, "We're good?"
"Of course," Sayuri said without a hint of sarcasm.
"You don't wanna talk about it?"
"About what?" she said, happy to engage but unsure of the exact topic.
"About what happens now?"
"Now?"
"We spent the night naked. Now we have to live in the same house with Maya."
"I spent the night naked. You had your pants on," Sayuri corrected, smiling.
"Okay, you spent the night naked, with me there next to you. So what now? Do we pretend it never happened, or...."
"Or? What's on your mind?"
"Or... we do it again?"
Sayuri stopped folding the clean clothes away and looked at her sister's husband. Just a few days ago she would have been torn at the dilemma. After her two days on the road, she had formed an entirely more indifferent view.
"Do it again?"
"Have sex."
"You wanna do that?"
Daisuke shrugged. He'd struggled to get her body off his mind. As he came home to the open legs of his wife two days previous, he couldn't help but picture it was Sayuri, not Maya, that was under him begging him to go harder and deeper.
"Maybe. What do you want to do?" Daisuke asked.
"I think we do what we said in Tottori. We come home to a normal life. We recognize we shared a nice night together, and of course I won't mind when you see me naked anymore because you've already seen it. Though it would be better if Maya's not here when I'm walking around you with no pants on."
"What about touching?"
"In a normal life, I don't think you would usually touch your wife's sister."
"No," Daisuke sighed. "But I can look?"
"Yeah, I don't mind that," Sayuri smiled. "Better not get caught, though."
"Can I see now?" he asked.
Sayuri hesitated. The thought of showing her body gave her a tingling feeling. It was something she wanted to do; but in the back of her mind were the hickeys on her tits and her shaved cunt. If Daisuke saw it, there would be explaining to do.
"You first," Sayuri said. "It's my turn to look."
Daisuke nodded. He undid his button and zip, pulling his trousers and underwear down. With only a t-shirt, Sayuri could see his erection unimpeded. Nodding at how clean and strong it looked, she instinctively moved closer. Daisuke gasped as Sayuri gripped the erection and tugged.
"Agh... I thought... no touching?" he said taking a deep breath. Sayuri didn't reply. She had waited years to have Daisuke's cock in hand. She gripped and tugged and reached down to squeeze and feel his balls.
Daisuke's brain went zap. He reached out to grip and pull up Sayuri's dress. She was close enough that he couldn't see down there that she was shaved bare. Sayuri instinctively let go of his cock and turned to hide her hairless pussy from him. Sayuri tried to stop him from lifting her dress up and over her head, but Daisuke was in a determined mood. Sayuri let it go before it ripped.
Assuming she had no underwear in readiness for him, Daisuke reached around and gripped Sayuri's breasts, still unaware they were riddled with hickeys. His erection burned against her back and backside.
"Are you going to fuck me?" Sayuri asked nervously, as Daisuke squeezed her breasts and tongued her ear.
"As often as I can."
Fortuitously for Sayuri, her sister's return home intervened. As they heard the front door open, Sayuri broke from Daisuke's grip, and walked forward to lean on her dresser. Keeping her front away from him to hide the sex she'd had on the road, she leant over and stuck her ass back at Daisuke. She pretended to be offering her pussy to him.
"You want to put it in me, or will you go kiss your wife hello instead?" Sayuri teased him.
Poor Daisuke was in the doorway torn, staring at Sayuri's beautiful nudity as his wife yelled out to him that she was home.
Daisuke grinned and shook his head, before putting his erection away and turning down the hall to greet his wife.
********
Chie at home had a very different experience. Her aunt had told her mother that Chie had arrived with no pants and no pubic hair. Chie found herself admitting that she lost her virginity to the stranger that drove them home, that foreigner. And yes, she might have gotten pregnant, he had cum in her twice. Their response was as comical as it was dramatic. Her mother telephoned the police to report a rape, but when the police spoke to Chie, she of course said it was anything other than rape. She explained to the lady on the phone (in front of her mother) that her parents just couldn't appreciate that she gave consensual sex to a foreigner, that she might actually want to sleep with a white boy.
She was then frog-marched to their local family doctor for a STD examination, who listened patiently to Chie's mother complain bitterly about men, foreigners, the schools, the government, the internet and the morals of the world in general, listing out all the bad influences that had led to her daughter making such a poor decision. Eventually the doctor managed to shuffle her out of the room to examine Chie privately.
"I am so sorry about all this, I'm so sorry you had to put up with that," Chie told her, blushing.
"It's okay Chie. Your mother is old school."
"You don't think badly of me?" Chie mumbled.
The doctor laughed.
"Of course not! Don't dare tell your mother, but I lost my virginity to an American sailor when I was on holiday with my family in Okinawa. And I was younger than you are now. And I got myself in the same spot as you, needing to get a morning after pill. You've had it already, right? But it's true we better check diseases, like your mother wants."
Chie blushed but felt better than when she had arrived. The doctor gave great understanding and service.
"Are you planning to keep seeing this man?" the doctor asked.
"I want to," Chie admitted.
"Okay, let's talk through your contraception options," she smiled, remembering the thrill of youth.
Chie walked out having chosen to go on the pill, as the Fukui doctor had set her up. The doctor had also given her two boxes of a dozen condoms in each. Her mother was of course disgusted. Chie was put on indefinite house arrest. And her mother never let any of the other family go back to that doctor again.
Sayuri was the first one to come around to my apartment, on the Wednesday after we came home. I had to guide her where to come by phone, standing on my balcony waving saying 'look left!'. My apartment entrance is not on a street, it's on a small village square, all paved and for pedestrians only. Underneath me I have rows of pokey old shops and vending machines. The square has shrubs and seats and lots of kids that go rollerblading or skateboarding or kick a ball around. It's noisy during the day, but quiet at night. The hole-in-the-wall restaurants are small and mostly daytime eateries. The entrance to my stairwell is half hidden behind an Asahi beer machine, which has proved handy more than once.
"Up here," I said into the phone, waving from my balcony. I was only one level up.
"I see you!" Sayuri said.
"Stay there. I'll come down."
I needed some drinks and snacks and decided to wait and ask Sayuri what she liked before buying the wrong thing.
"Is it too early for alcohol?" she asked cheekily. It was just after two in the afternoon in the last week of summer break.
"Nope. Let's go down to the ramen shop, they have beautiful big glasses of Kirin and Asahi."
"Huh? You gonna take me out, you gonna make me wait before getting undressed?"
"We'll drink quick, you fuck better if you're drunk."
Sayuri blushed and followed me. We sat at the counter and did cheers. Those big glasses of beer taste so delicious when they are cold in summer.
"You want I undo some buttons, or do I need to be careful near your home?" Sayuri asked.
"Undo is good," I confirmed. Slyly Sayuri undid the top three buttons on her dress, letting the front fall apart.
"Hey, what's with the bra?" I protested.
"You really want me to show my tits in here, during the day, next to your house?"
"Well, let's get some more beers quick and drink and quickly get your kit off upstairs."
The guys behind the counter were grinning and teasing Sayuri about how sexy she looked, and that she shouldn't waste her life giving her pussy to lazy foreigner bums who don't work. It was in good spirits, I knew those guys well.
"Hey, I told you guys, I'm a student, not a bum."
"At your age? Nah, you're a bum."
"...who needs a beer," I said in return, holding up my empty. "Another!"
Sayuri and I clinked glasses when the full ones came.
"So are you able to stay overnight tonight?" I checked.
"Yes," Sayuri grinned and nodded. "But I didn't bring any pajamas. Just a toothbrush."
"How did you explain that at home?"
"They know."
"Know what?"
"That I fucked the foreign guy who brought me home from Tottori."
"Wow, you told them that?"
"Had to explain these hickeys and being shaved."
"Your sister saw that?"
"No, my brother-in-law did."
"Your brother-in-law? How did that happen?" I shrieked.
"It's a long story. We've kind of had a crush on each other for a while. We made a deal where I let him see me naked but can't touch, and so he noticed I'm shaved and my breasts have been kissed. He could tell it was new."
"What? That's crazy. You get naked for him?"
"Uh-huh," Sayuri blushed.
"And your sister doesn't know."
"No, I only do it when she's not there."
"You must've known that when he saw your body, he would know you've been with someone?"
"I know. I know. I was hoping that at least the bruises would go before he saw my tits. I tried to just show him my backside, but eventually when my sister went out last night with work colleagues, he came into the shower when I was there."
"He comes into the shower with you?"
"Just to watch."
"Wow. What did he think when he saw the hickeys?"
"I had a big explanation on my hands."
"He told your sister?"
"He can't! How would he explain how he knew? But in the end I told her. Daisuke knew, so may as well get it out in the open."
"That's an interesting situation. So the poor guy didn't try anything? He just watches you?"
"That was the deal," Sayuri assured me.
"You guys are weird! Fits your MO, though"
"MO?" Sayuri asked before being whisked into a 'kampai' by the arrival of fresh beer.
What Sayuri didn't say was Daisuke did came into the shower with her. When she turned her body away to hide the hickeys and shaved cunt he took that as an invitation to approach her from behind. His cock went between her thighs. He reached around and used his hand to help run it through her slit. When the tip found her hole he thrust up, delighted at how tight it was, he had to force himself to get in her.
"Daisuke, you shouldn't be doing this," Sayuri said, her hands holding the wall to help push back at the erection painfully humping her. Daisuke didn't stop and Sayuri didn't stop him. His cock was hard and huge, as she had dreamed of for years.
"Daisuke. Can we get out? Can we at least go to my bed?"
"Sorry, I can't last, I'm gonna cum!"
"Okay. But don't do it in me!" Sayuri shrieked.
Daisuke held her hips and pounded her. For a guy that said he wanted to cum, he fucked her for an age before he actually started twitching.
"Not in me!" Sayuri yelled as she sensed it was coming. Daisuke pulled out just in time, spraying his wife's sister's back with burning hot semen. He collapsed onto her, panting.
"Oh god, that was good," he groaned. "Your pussy is amazing."
"You like it?" Sayuri asked, a bit surprised given she wasn't as wet as she knew she could be.
"I love it!"
Sayuri turned around and they kissed intimately and passionately for as long as they dared. Their bodies were wrinkled and sweaty by the time they left the bathroom. And then Daisuke noticed Sayuri was used goods, which infuriated him. It's funny how a guy who is cheating on this wife gets angry when his mistress cheats on him. It helped Sayuri feel it was time to tell her sister about her new beau, and start staying out more.
"So what happens with him from now on?" I asked. "He's not going to wanna just look forever. He's gonna wanna touch you."
"That's why I'm gonna stay with you as long as you let me," she said leaning in to kiss me lovingly.
"I'm good with that," I said, smiling.
The beers flowed quickly and it was four o'clock before we got back into my apartment. One minute later Sayuri was naked on her back full of cock. Loudly. I've not had many girls back at my apartment for crazy wild sex, and certainly not in the late afternoon when the plaza was still full of life. In hindsight I perhaps should've closed the balcony doors; not only for the noise but also from view of the apartments across the plaza. Sayuri spotted a guy with a big lens camera facing us as I nailed her from behind, standing up by the bed. It didn't make her stop fucking of course; she didn't even tell me until we lay down, taking a break. Sayuri gripped my wet penis. I was still erect; I had not cum.
"What are we going to do about you not getting pregnant? I'm dying to blow a load in you," I pondered.
"You wanna fuck my ass? In Japan some couples do that to avoid a baby."
"I don't really like that," I sighed. "I'd rather cum in your mouth."
"I can try," Sayuri said generously.
"Okay. When it's time. Thanks."
"You haven't finished fucking me?"
"Not at all," I grinned.
Sayuri got on all fours on the bed and presented.
"Come in?" she asked, flicking her hair.
"The balcony door is still open," I said, taking her invitation and pushing in. "That guy may take photos again."
"He can. I don't mind."
"You're a fantastic exhibitionist," I accused. Sayuri didn't reply. She moaned and shrieked at the pounding I gave her.
********
At the same moment I was fighting the urge to cum in Sayuri in the late afternoon light, Chie was answering the doorbell at her house.
"Yoshi. Ah, hi. What's... up?"
"Can I come in?" he asked, taking off his shoes.
"Ah, yeah but Mum and Dad will be home soon... I am meant to be getting dinner ready."
"Oh?" said Yoshi. He knew differently. "I can help."
"Yoshi...," Chie moaned as he walked through to the kitchen and dining area, following him. "Yoshi. Why are you here?"
"To see you."
"My parents told you what happened?"
Yoshi looked at her and said nothing, but he seemed to have heard.
"How can I help?" he asked looking for dinner ingredients that didn't exist. "You are meant to be getting ready to cook right?"
"Yoshi come on, I think it's better that you go."
"Not yet," he said with a look in his eye
"Yoshi. I'm asking you to leave. My parents will be home soon."
"No they won't," he said calmly. "They won't be back until they get a call from me."
"What?" Chie frowned. "Get out."
Yoshi shook his head.
"Okay, fine, have the house to yourself. I'm leaving."
"No, you are not," he said, stepping forward and grabbing Chie by the back of the hair.
"Yoshi that hurts," she squealed.
"And you hurt me," he said nonchalantly. "Now it's my turn. To have a turn."
Yoshi grabbed Chie's neck and forced his hand down inside her shirt.
"Yoshi, please, my parents will kill you if they knew you did this...."
Yoshi laughed.
"Chie, baby, this is with their blessing."
"What are you talking about?"
"Your parents are out tonight to give me space, so I can come here and do anything and everything I need."
"Yoshi, please. You can't have sex with me. No way that my parents sent you over here to have sex with me."
"Anything and everything I need to do."
"Do for what?" Chie groaned as the grip on her hair tightened. "What are you going to achieve? Nothing! Get off me."
"Get you pregnant before the pill starts working," he said calmly. "With a Japanese baby."
"That's ridiculous! I'll go straight to the doctor!"
"Not if your family won't let you out of the house."
Chie shuddered. Her mother was angry enough and crazy enough to try and pull off something like that.
"Yoshi. Please. Don't do this."
He had a length of twine stuffed in his back pocket. Japanese houses, even modern ones, have one tatami room in the apartment. If the ceiling is high, the sliding doors fit into wooden slats at the top and bottom, and the top beam is a couple of feet down from the ceiling. Above that beam, up to the ceiling is another smaller sliding door. If you slide open both of these, there is a beam running across the doorway. Yoshi tied Chie's wrists with the twine over that beam, forcing her to stand with her arms up high.
"Yoshi, please, this isn't going to work. Not every girl can get pregnant from just one time."
"Who said there was only going to be one time?"
"I'll get out. I'll get to my doctor, there is no way I'm going to keep a baby."
Yoshi shrugged.
"That is for your mom and dad to sort out. I'm here to get you pregnant, it's their job to keep you that way. I don't mind either way."
Yoshi stepped in and began unbuttoning her shirt.
"Yoshi, please...."
Yoshi ignored her, using scissors to cut the straps on her bra and toss it to the floor. She closed her eyes as he held and squeezed her breasts.
"These are so nice," he said.
"Yoshi, I gave you this before, freely. Why are you doing this to me? You don't have to tie me up."
"You didn't want my cock though, did you?"
"I'll let you. Just don't cum in me."
"You'll let me?"
"Yes."
Yoshi reached down and undid her jeans button and zip.
"You'll give me what's in here?"
"Yes."
Yoshi hooked his thumbs into her jeans and pants and brought both down together. He left them at her knees and caressed her bare ass. Bringing his face to hers he kissed her lips.
"Kiss me back," he told her. "If you want things done your way."
Chie kissed back as her neighbor held her backside, squeezing as his tongue went into her mouth.
"My arms are tired up here," she complained. Yoshi ignored her. Instead he knelt down and pulled her jeans and panties down her legs and over her ankles, taking her socks off as well. Chie was left wearing nothing but her open shirt.
"Why is your hair so short?" Yoshi asked. Chie didn't answer. There was only a stubble that had grown back since she was shaved on her way home. She watched Yoshi take everything out of his pockets onto the dining table before dropping his own jeans. His erection pushed out his boxer shorts. Chie shuddered as those boxers came down, too. Yoshi's bare cock looked massive. She watched as he turned on his phone video.
"For posterity. Show our son his mother being inseminated."
"By force," Chie added. "Yoshi, I'll let you do it, I'll give it to you, but just don't get me pregnant, please."
"Your parents are expecting me to knock you up."
"Yoshi, please. You can have your fun. I'll tell them you came in me. You don't get pregnant every fuck, right?"
"Exactly. So what's it matter if I cum in you? He did, right?"
"Yoshi, please. You can cut me down, then take me to bed to do it properly. I'll let you do anything you want to me. Just don't get me pregnant. Please." Yoshi put the phone on the table, propped up so Chie was in the middle of the screen.
"Okay, I will give you a choice. I'll either cum in your cunt, or cum in your ass. Either way with semen dripping from between your legs, on camera it will look like I fucked you properly to your folks."
"You gonna show them that?" Chie shrieked.
"Your mom wants proof."
Chie's body slumped. Her instincts to get out into the world hardened. She wouldn't wait until the end of university. Her mother's ugly vengeance was unforgivable. She would get through this day with Yoshi, pack a bag, grab some things and go somewhere else immediately. Anywhere else.
Yoshi took off the rest of his clothes. He went to the table to get the scissors to cut off Chie's shirt.
"Better to be naked when you get pregnant," he grinned, cutting along the sleeves to her neck. Entirely undressed, Yoshi took the phone to video around her whole body.
"You are gorgeous," he said. "The guys from high school would go nuts to see this."
"Don't you dare!"
"Don't worry. It's just for your mother."
"You two are sick. You'll never have me again after this."
Yoshi ignored her taunts. He put the camera back in place to film the sex, and moved over to hold Chie chest to chest.
"Your body is great. It's true that it would be better to use it for sex a few years before ruining it with a baby...," he conceded.
"Don't get me pregnant. I swear I'll give you great sex, just don't cum in me."
"You want me to fuck your ass? Cum there?"
"Oh god," Chie moaned, a shiver going through her. "I don't think I could do that."
Yoshi shrugged. "Either is okay for me."
"Cum in my mouth," Chie suggested desperately. "I'll swallow. I swear."
"That won't work on the video."
"Yoshi please. There must be something else we can do?" Chie begged.
Yoshi stepped behind her and pulled his cock between her thighs.
"Which hole?" he asked. "You choose."
"Yoshi, please."
"Which hole?"
"Oh god. My ass," Chie couldn't believe she was saying.
"You'd rather I fucked you in the ass than get pregnant?"
"Yes," Chie whimpered
"Okay. Are you a virgin there?"
"Yes."
"Well, at least I can take one of them."
Yoshi didn't rush into it. He took his time playing with the gorgeous nude body he had tied up. He kissed, touched, caressed and fingered her. He took photos of her. Chie did her best to smile when asked, so to keep him on-side, not to get her pregnant.
Yoshi found an unripe Cavendish banana. He smothered it in cooking oil and pushed more of it into Chie than either of them thought possible. He made Chie grip it with her vagina, to hold it inside as he stepped back to take photos.
"Push it out slowly," he told her. "So we can see how much fit. That's it. Like that. Holy shit, Chie, I can't believe how much of that got in you."
When the banana finally dropped from between her legs to the floor, ten inches of it was covered in vaginal juice.
"Yoshi, please. This string hurts my wrists, my arms are tired. Let me down. I swear I'll give you good sex anywhere else you want."
"Come with me to a love hotel?" Yoshi put to her.
Chie sighed. "Yes. But only if you promise. No baby."
"Okay. No baby. And I keep you until tomorrow morning."
Chie shivered. She had wanted to escape her house that night. If he brought her back home the next morning it would be difficult to get away again. Maybe she could get out when he slept at the hotel.
"But we better make the video of me cumming in you before I cut you down."
"Yoshi, please. Do we really have to do that?"
"Yes," he said simply. He wanted to have proof of cumming in her to get the money that her mother had promised. She originally offered to pay on proof of pregnancy, but Yoshi would only help if there was an amount paid every time he put sperm in her.
Positioning the camera and standing behind her, Yoshi pulled his erection down between her legs. Fiddling around he found her vaginal hole and pushed in. It was still slick with oil from the banana. Chie shrieked.
"Yoshi, no! Not in there, you said not in there!" she yelled out as Yoshi struck his cock deep inside her.
"Hey, I said I wouldn't sperm you in there. I didn't say I wasn't going to fuck you."
Chie groaned at the pumping he gave her, her body aching from standing on tiptoes. The twine burned her skin. The incessant slapping of pelvis onto ass as Yoshi wickedly fucked her was torture, Chie would have felt better if she was on her hands and knees somewhere. The longer it went, the more Chie ached. It was a horrible position for such a long fuck.
"How can you last so long?" Chie yelled out in exasperation. "This fuck is too long! If you're going to cum in me, please, just do it! Get it over with."
Still it went on. Yoshi was in a rhythm, and was delighted to be freely humping the pussy of his love.
When Yoshi finally began to take short breaths and whimper, alarm bells went off. Chie recognized the signs of a man about to cum in her. She knew the pattern, it had happened to her twice before. Yoshi was right on the edge and didn't look like he was planning to stop. Pregnant at nineteen. Chie sighed as Yoshi's hands gripped the bones of her hips and pumped frenetically. Alarm bells were going off.
Real actual alarm bells.
"Yoshi! Stop! Listen!"
Given he was moments from losing control it took Chie ripping her hips forward to unsheathe half his cock for Yoshi to snap awake and hear the calamity around them.
"What the....?"
"It's the fire alarm!"
"No way," Yoshi said incredulously. "No way."
"Yoshi! Get me down from here! Hurry! I'm stuck!"
As much as he was loathe to remove his cock from the beautiful body he was nailing, the alarm bells were not stopping. They had to move. Reluctantly he thrust in one last time, then pulled out with a pop. He was hard and soaked in Chie's juices.
"This is fucking annoying," he mumbled. Using the scissors, he snipped the twine at her wrists. The twine stayed hanging as Chie momentarily slumped to the floor, giving her legs a moment of respite. She rubbed feeling back into her wrists.
Yoshi began dressing. "Get some clothes and an overnight bag," he told her. "Quickly."
He helped her get up and move down the short hall to her room. The alarm terrified Chie as much as getting pregnant. She put on the nearest dress she could find, not even thinking of underwear. She took her makeup bag and toothbrush from the bathroom, and a pair of mid-heel sandals from the shoe cupboard. Grabbing her purse with the contraceptives and her phone, and holding the shoes in her hand, Chie opened the front door and bolted.
It took a few moments for Yoshi to realize Chie had gone. By the time he fumbled with his shoes and got into the corridor, he couldn't tell which exit at the end of which hall Chie had escaped from.
"Shit. Shit. Shit!"
Chie skipped three steps at a time as she bound down the stairs. She raced past elderly neighbors that ordinarily she would stop to help. As she burst into the street at the rear of the alleyway, she saw an unexpected face.
"Dad!"
"Chie, baby, come. Quickly. This taxi is for you!"
Chie moved warily toward him.
"Chie, please, there's no time. Your mother has gone completely mad. You have to get away."
"You sent Yoshi to...," Chie started to explain, but couldn't finish.
"I didn't want that, I promise," he swore. "Please, get away before he finds you. Get in. Go. Find a friend. Don't tell me where. Not yet."
"Yoshi is already here. He's already been to the house!"
"I know, I'm so sorry. I came as soon as I could sneak away. You can't let your mother know I came here, her mood is murderous," her Dad sighed. "Did he... do it to you already?"
"He was in me, but I don't think he came before the alarm. I don't think I'm pregnant."
"Thank goodness. Please Chie, get in and go. Use this number to text me, it's a rechargeable sim I bought. Your mother will be checking my own phone."
"You set the alarm off," Chie realized.
"Your mother can't know it was me, or I was here."
"You need to leave her, Dad. What you two did was evil."
"Chie, I will beg your forgiveness - later. Please. Go. I need to get back before I'm missed."
Chie did as asked. She got in and was whisked away, discretely noticing Yoshi standing on a corner at the front of the building looking frustrated and angry.
********
Sayuri and I were half asleep in my bed when Chie called, asking if she could come to my place.
"Of course," I said, giving her the address. "I'm sorry, Sayuri. Chie sounded upset."
"Hmph. I've had my fill. I don't mind. I'm satisfied. She won't be able to stay over, anyway."
Of course when Chie followed my directions and arrived, nothing could be further from the truth. She was looking for a place to hide away. Indefinitely. When she told us the story, Sayuri and I were shocked. Appalled. Unbelievable. Her own mother?
"You need to call the police," I told her sternly. "They can't do that and get away with it."
Neither Chie nor Sayuri agreed. It would cause trouble. It would be a scandal in their community.
"Chie, really? You are going to let them off scot-free?"
"I don't know what that means... Scott?"
"You have to punish them!"
"I will," she said determinedly. "Myself."
The mood was too somber for sex. Sayuri put her dress on and we went down to the ramen shop for beers, with food this time. We sat Chie in the middle of us at the counter to help her feel secure and protected. After a big cold beer, Chie relaxed. After two, she was in a good mood. We three laughed and teased each other, and began flirting happily.
"So! Both you girls had cock in you today," I grinned.
"Yours better than mine," Chie said dryly to Sayuri.
"You can have a turn with Mike," Sayuri insisted. "Don't let Yoshi be the most recent guy you've slept with."
"I didn't sleep with him. I was tied to a post."
"You know what I mean. Don't let his be the last penis in you."
"Don't push her," I said gently. "Chie can relax. It's a super difficult experience she had."
"Firstly, more beer," she said holding up her glass. "And gyoza."
We stayed longer than most ramen shop customers would. People, mostly men, came and went as we got noisier and drunker. The girls didn't stop me from undoing their buttons one by one over our time there. This time there was no bra underneath for either of them. With only male staff and customers nearby, no one complained at the sight of young breasts flashing around.
It was dark when we went back to my place. Needlessly I stopped at the beer machine with a fistful of coins, but we were too far gone to need as many beers as I bought.
Sayuri again pushed Chie at me and this time she said yes. I lifted her dress up and off. Through a blurry mind I was conscious of being careful of her traumatic day, but Chie had turned carefree. She laughed and kissed and fucked with gay abandon.
"I'm released. I'm free. I'm doing it with the one I want," she said when I checked the reality of her joy, albeit with a drunken slur. "And I don't have to go home. Ever!"
"Me either," Sayuri chimed in from the single sofa chair. She had undressed, patiently waiting her turn. We three had formed a bond, our own small club. A tryst, thrown together by odd circumstance.
"Thank goodness it poured rain on the trip home last week," I said, unsheathing from Chie's cunt to pierce Sayuri's.
We fucked in turn until Sayuri fell asleep. Chie and I stood in the warmth of the balcony air, holding her from behind.
"Someone will see," she said as I cupped her breasts.
"Let them. You have nice tits. Shall we ask that guy down there?" I teased, letting my hands off her breasts and pulling her shoulders back.
"He can't see. It's too far. Too dark," Chie conceded.
"So you're okay?" I asked, checking her mood. I worried Chie might have a breakdown once the rush of the day subsided.
"My rape, you mean?"
"Yeah. And it's good you're calling it that, you recognize it was not your fault."
"It was crazy. To think they could force me to have a Japanese baby like that."
"The fuck, was it traumatic?"
"It was long, and the position was awkward. It would have been better if he tied me to the bed."
"How did you feel, being tied up?"
Chie turned and looked at me with glistening eyes, her gorgeous breasts against my midriff.
"It seemed natural."
"What's that mean?"
"That my rape, I should be tied up. It was better I was tied up. Then I don't feel so bad for not running away."
"How does the sex feel?" I asked curiously. "Your vagina still instinctively reacts to cock and slickens up, or your frame of mind keeps you dry?"
"I was wet."
"Is that a body reaction, or something in your mind liked it?"
"No! I don't know. Maybe. I like the thought that some guy needs to have my body so badly he can't stop himself."
"That's not what happened today. Today you were a baby making factory."
"Yeah, but I think Yoshi enjoyed it too. He seemed happy with my body."
I was rock hard again.
"I'll tie you up baby, if you want it."
"You don't have to," Chie said turning around and pushing her rear up to my erection. "Not going to say no to you ever."
All the beers coupled with the emotional security of being with Sayuri and I had Chie wet again. My cock effortlessly sunk full depth inside her.
"Wow, you've opened up. Two cocks in the same day," I grunted, humping her. "Did you ever expect that?"
"No. I did not."
I didn't feel like cumming, so Chie got pummeled, slowly but surely stretching and resizing her cunt. The three of us slept comfortably entwined in my big bed. For us the world had changed considerably in a matter of days. I didn't know where it was all going, but I felt great about finding out, starting with waking up between two naked beauties the next day.
... to be continued.