Nigkala Tales Pt. 12: Continuing education
History can be fun
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
One of the studio aides dropped me at my place. I reflected on how troublesome it was with Filipe on location, and my car in the shop for a week, getting some bodywork done after someone backed into it at the studio. I decided to work out in the downstairs gym.
As I worked out, I reminisced about the events of the last week. The beginning of the week started with the director's car crash. He spent two days in the hospital, but will be in rehab for months. However, he should be able to get back to work in a month or so. The producer, having worked extremely hard to get him, just postponed everything until he was able to come back to work. I chose to spend the days helping out fight choreography, or assisting in costume creation. I only got union standard pay, but I was welcomed because I was helpful and got more work done.
As I moved from the bicycle to bench press, I thought about my basement gym. Most people would be surprised at how extensive it is. A decade ago, I had the basement significantly enlarged. It now is two stories tall, so I can stretch and jump without hitting a ceiling. The room also extends out beneath the backyard. The ceiling there is the back patio. The outer perimeter is set up as a rounded rectangular track. For natural lighting, the patio tiling has one in four tiles that are translucent. Each tile is a twelve-inch square. From above, you can't make out anything in the gym, and may not even notice it. From below, you can make out people's shapes. There is more than enough light to use the gym most days.
I was on my back lifting weights, when I saw shadows moving across the ceiling. I took a break to check the security cameras with my phone. I saw over a dozen guys drinking beer. Then I spotted my youngest, Matthew, with them. I recalled him saying he wanted to bring his frat out for a party midwinter, but he never said when. I guessed this was the weekend. He was going to be surprised to find me here. With my car in the shop, he would have thought I was on location as scheduled. Filipe's car was gone as well, as he was on location, also as scheduled. Well, I decided to go back to my weightlifting, as I would likely not be bothered here.
After my intense workout, I took a shower and headed for the sauna, both just off the gym. The timer went off after an hour and a half. I then rinsed off, dried off, and was about to head up the stairs naked when it occurred to me that the party might still be going. I got out my phone and checked the cameras. Yep, still partying. So I changed course to the elevator. We put that in with the gym to get all the equipment in, and since it was easy, we had it go to all three floors. When the doors opened, I quickly headed to bed, and closed the door. I was soon sleeping.
I woke at dawn as usual, paid a quick stop at the restroom, and then walked out on the balcony to greet the sun. After a minute, I went to the side and climbed the ladder, allowing me access to the zip line. It angled along the side of the house, to a small enclosed grass area. Just before dropping, I looked and saw the target indicator to the northeast. I dropped and rolled into a fighting stance, as though an enemy was to the northeast. Satisfied, I stood and took the path out. This led me to the far side of the pool, where I shallow dived and swam two laps underwater before coming up for air.
I continued my morning swim, doing laps both on and underwater. Every few laps, I switched to a different stroke. Half an hour in, I noticed I had been spotted by some hungover frat brothers. I pretended I didn't see them. I decided to do several underwater laps, before calling it quits for the morning. I then swam underwater to the ladder nearest the group of guys. By the time I grabbed the ladder and popped my head up, they had all drawn near.
I looked up and said, "Hello guys." I then slowly rose out of the water. They stood in shock as my nude body was slowly revealed.
Finally, one of the guys said, "You have four tits!"
"Yep. They are quite real." I moved to stand directly in front of him. "No surgery or chemicals."
"But that's not possible."
"You doubt their authenticity? Here, see for yourself." I reached out for his hands and placed them on my lower breasts. "Feel how real they are."
All he got out was, "Uh..."
I let him play a bit, then looked him in the eye and said, "Now compare the lower ones to the upper ones." He immediately switched to feeling the upper ones.
He finally seemed to realize what he was doing. My nipples were extending quickly. He pulled his hands back. "I, uh, don't know what I should do about touching your, uh,..."
Looking him in the eyes, I played with my two-inch-long nipples and said, "Well, now that you got me worked up, how about pulling out your dick and having sex with me?"
As soon as it was out, I reached down and grabbed it, saying, "Follow me."
I led him to a nearby cushioned section and lay down. I then crooked my finger at him. He was on me at once. When he was spent, I gently rolled him to the side and asked, "Any more studs?"
I was straddling my fifth 'stud' when Matthew came out. He was drawn to the crowd, but could not see me right away, so he called out, "Hey, what's happening?"
One of the guys replied, "You didn't tell us you invited a hot nympho."
"I didn't. You found a girl?"
"Yeah, she's the weirdest chick I ever encountered, but man she knows how to have sex. Gerry is the fourth guy to have her."
Someone else called out, "Fifth."
"Oh, sorry, I forgot to count myself."
"Wow, let me in, so I can see." There was a bit of shuffling, and then he saw me. "MOM! What are you doing here? You're supposed to be up north."
"Matthew, the director got sidelined for a bit, so I'm back here until he's back. Is this the frat visit you talked about?"
One of the other guys chimed in, "Mom? Matt, this is your mom?" He nodded. "Man, I've heard of MILFs before, but yours, she beats them all."
"You going to introduce me?"
"Um, okay. Mom, you're doing Gerry, over there is Mark, John, Roberto, Barry, and on this side is Derrick, Alex, Peter, and Jack. Around here somewhere is Sam and George." He then turned to the guys and said, "Brothers, this is Becky Sue Tate, my mom."
"Wait, did you say Becky Sue? Isn't that the real name of the actress Helen Asher?"
"Yes, I go by that name as an actress. You ever seen any of the Nigkala Tales series? That's me."
"Wow. Dude, you have got the hottest MILF ever. I wondered why she looked familiar, even though I've never encountered a four-breasted woman before."
"Now that you've seen, and, ahem, had me, what do you think? Do I live up to your expectations?"
"Even better. Um... I wonder, why being surprised by us at the pool doesn't bother you?"
"In part, because it's no surprise. I was exercising downstairs yesterday when I saw signs of some people on the patio. I checked the cameras and saw you guys. As Matthew was chilling with you, I figured you were his frat brothers, and this weekend he invited you here. So I finished my workout, cleaned up, and went to bed, to let you guys have a good time without worrying about me." Suddenly, Gerry came, which triggered me.
When we finally came back to earth, I got off of him and asked, "Next?" I waited briefly as another lay down. Alex, as I recall. I mounted him, and then continued, "This morning, I went for my usual swim, and I noticed you out of the corner of my eye. I soon realized you were all sporting erections, and as I enjoy sex, I decided to help out. So I built up the tension by pretending I didn't see you until I climbed out of the pool right in front of you all. I then worked things out, so I could enjoy all those lovely cocks. Given your reactions, you all enjoyed it as much as me."
There was silence for a few minutes as they realized that I had played them, yet also allowed them great sex. It was quiet, long enough for us to come. "Next?" Someone new lay down, and I proceeded to make him very happy. After watching me a bit, Matthew wandered off.
Half an hour later, there was no one left, so I stood and said, "All that work has made me hungry. Excuse me." I then walked through them and into the kitchen, swinging my hips all the way. I saw Matthew at the table eating cold cereal. I sat next to him. "Hey, kiddo, why the long face?"
"I like being just Matt at college. Now, I'll be that whore Helen Asher's kid. My life is over."
I reached over and lifted his chin with my finger. "It was bound to happen. I am far too recognizable, and it's hard to disguise a woman over seven feet tall. You would have to stay away from people forever to keep it from happening."
"I know, but still, what they say about you is terrible."
"Is it? You saw me out there casually having sex with your friends. The public is well aware that I have sex with lots of people. Many call me a slut, a whore, and worse. So what? It doesn't bother me, and is near enough the truth that I don't bother to set them straight. And for all my 'Bad Girl' rep, I am a highly-paid actress, fight choreographer, and more. My peers respect my skills, and I even have a few awards. You've seen the display downstairs in the theater. Clearly, the industry doesn't mind my sex life since I am profitable for them.
"You, on the other hand, are not used to the publicity. I regret it rears its ugly head when you are not ready. But it is not something that needs to define you. So, it looks like no one has had much in the way of breakfast. You think that crowd is hungry?"
"Yes, but hungover, they might not want food."
"Tell you what. Set places for everyone and get them all large glasses of water and smaller glasses of orange juice. I'll start breakfast, including a hangover remedy. Oh, and set a place for yourself. You barely touched the cold cereal." I then turned to the cabinets and pulled stuff out. Homemade waffles for all, with fruit and whipped cream, along with my hangover cure -- tomato juice with hot peppers blended in. Not really a cure, but something to hang my whammy on. Once I had a waffle for each, I said, "Matthew, call the guys in for breakfast." I placed the stack of waffles on the table. All the toppings were already there. I waited until just after the guys came in to start the next waffle.
I walked in with a tray of my 'cure'. As I passed them out, I looked in their eyes and said to each, "My secret recipe. Drink it all down, and then chase it with some orange juice. It will make you thirsty enough to drink all that water in your glass, and perhaps more, but you will soon feel better." I then went to the next person. Everyone was so focused on my naked body, that they barely noticed the odd sounds the drinkers made. I went back to the kitchen and started another waffle. I brought the waffle I just made out and set it in my place, where I added toppings and started eating. I got up frequently to continue making waffles. They all watched me walking both ways. I ran out of batter after I made two waffles for everyone, with three extra.
Throughout the meal, I said little, and instead studied them. As they slowed down, I started giving out whammies. My whammy was for the guys to not ride Matthew too much, and keep his famous mother a frat secret. When I finished, I got up and placed my dishes on the sink. I passed Matthew as I left the room, saying, "I'll be out until after dinner."
When I got to my room, I called for a taxi. I then got dressed. Having just had several college frat boys, I decided not to spend the evening in a bar, getting laid. Instead, I dressed conservatively, for me. When the taxi came, I took it to the museum. I had read earlier in the week that they were hosting an exhibition of cultural artifacts from the Mideast. While more recent than the Sumerian era, it was from that area.
I noticed the cabbie repeatedly looking at me in the mirror. I decided to give him a nice show as I exited the vehicle. He saw up my short skirt as I left. I walked up the wide steps and into the building. I showed my membership card, and asked where the new exhibit was. I then went to the east wing on the second floor, to where it was.
When I entered the hall, I saw quite a few people checking it out. It made me proud to live in this city. I started on the left side and went along the outer perimeter. As I came to each display, I quickly looked at it and then read the text placed by it. Having learned what it was supposed to be, I examined the display carefully to see how it fit the assigned narrative. Having completed the outer circuit, I headed to the center to see the more important exhibits. One of these was a cuneiform tablet. The text indicated the tablet was not yet translated, due to some oddities in the script. When I looked at it, I saw what they were talking about. Considering my own expertise, I could see the problem. I decided to finish looking at the exhibit, then come back here with a notepad.
Another display had a fair amount of jewelry. The text described its general use, and indicated its value to the ancient civilization. I spotted a pair of cylinder seals. I double-checked the descriptive text, and there was no hint of their existence. I decided I needed to meet with the exhibit's curator about this. First, however, I finished seeing the exhibit.
I left the hall and went to the museum business office, where I asked who was in charge of it, and could I talk to them briefly. At first, they were hesitant, but I reminded them that I had academic credentials on the Sumerian era, and the exhibit was not far from that. Eventually they gave a call to the curator, and I was able to speak to him.
"So, what's so earth-shattering that you have to talk now?"
"Well, I'm here now, but when I saw the two cylinder seals in your exhibit, that were not listed, I thought you should know. I also think I may be able to translate the tablet."
"Yeah, right. Why should I believe you?"
"Let me get the staff here to tell you. I'm putting you on speaker." I turned to them, and asked that they look up Dr. Deniz Kaplan and see whose names were refereed to on his recent paper on a tome.
"Well, who's on that paper?"
"Hold your horses... Let's see. WHAT! Becky Sue Tate is listed as the primary translator. He also thanks her for broadening their understanding of the language."
"Huh? Doc Kaplan is stingy with praise. This Tate person must be good. Are you sure she is the same person?"
"Yes."
"Okay. Bring her to my office." The call was suddenly cut off. He had hung up.
They had an aide escort me to the sub-basement, to a small office. Knocking on the door, it opened, revealing the curator, a Mr. Evan Smith, who was quite short. Standing, he faced my stomach, and then looked up, stopping at my lower breasts. Catching himself, he looked up more and got caught at my upper breasts. By this time, I could see he was getting an erection. Gathering himself, he finally made it all the way to my face.
"Tall... Very tall."
"May I come in?" He nodded. I then ducked under the top of the door frame before standing in the room. "Might I sit?" Again, he nodded. I sat down. I had noticed a chair facing where he obviously sat, without any intervening furniture. Given how long my legs are, sitting meant my knees were several inches above my waist. I also put them a foot apart. With my short skirt, he was guaranteed to see my vagina in all its glory. I pretended not to notice. He dismissed the aide, closed the door and sat down.
He was about to speak when his eyes locked on to my vagina. His erection grew and got harder. After a minute, I said, "Do you have a photo of the jewelry display? I can point out the cylinder seals."
"Uh, yeah... I got one here somewhere." It took him an effort to tear his eyes away from my privates. He turned to his desk, and searched through some folders, before finally pulling one out. He handed it to me, trying very hard to keep his eyes looking at my face. I quickly spotted the two cylinder seals, and I put the picture on my lap and pointed them out.
"Look closely at these two stones. See how they are rounded to roll, and have a carved relief. They are designed to be pressed into sealing wax. I think I recognize some of the glyphs, but the photo does not show the relief well. I'm sure there is some wax around here that could be pressed into service. If not, you could use plaster, but it would take a bit more time due to the cleanup."
"I don't know. They might be as you say, but they could also be just decorative jewelry."
"That's why I suggested wax or plaster. It won't hurt stone, and the result can be studied with ease."
"I can report it, but don't expect any action. They almost never follow up tips like this."
I saw that he wasn't going to do anything, so I hit him with my whammy. "Where's your balls? A few minutes with wax can tell you all you need to know."
"I have balls! Follow me!" He stood up and looked me in the eye, even as I was still seated.
As I stood up slowly, his eyes locked on my upper breasts, and then the lower ones. I saw him gulp him a few times, before I regained his attention as I said, "Okay. Lead on."
He led the way to the exhibit, collecting a guard on the way. The guard kept watch as he opened it and took the necklace out and placed it into a box. Closing and locking the display case, he had the guard to follow us through the public areas. We went downstairs and through a number of hallways until we came to a workroom. Setting the box on the table, he grabbed some candles, a stone slab that looked like a cutting board, and a blow torch.
He opened the box, and looked for the first cylindrical seal, and carefully set it out on the table. He placed the second one next to it. I watched from the side as he melted a candle on the stone into a puddle. He lifted the stone and tilted it to spread the wax thinly. Testing it at the edge with his finger, he determined it was cool but still pliable. He then picked up the seal and rolled across the wax. Quickly switching to the other one, he rolled that one as well, but on a fresh area of wax. He then carefully cleaned the jewelry, which turned out to be as simple as wiping it down with a dry cloth. After placing the jewelry back in the box, he put away the blow torch.
"Carry the wax. Time to put this back." I followed him back to the exhibit. Again, he picked up a guard. Once the jewelry was back on display, and the case locked, he dismissed the guard. We then went back to the basement, but through different hallways, until we were in a room with a lot of scientific equipment. There were two people there working.
"Hey there. Guys, I need a favor."
"Woah! Who's the model?"
"I'm Becky Sue. The favor is for me. I think there is something to be discovered here. He's not so sure."
"Well, for a dish like you, why not." He turned and then said, "So, what's the favor?"
The curator came and took the stone with the wax from me and presented it to them. "I need a scan of the surface. This is a mold of the surface of a stone."
"Okay. Let me set it up." He took it and put it under a scanning laser. Ten minutes later, the scan was completed. Handing the stone back, he said, "All done. I sent the result to your email."
"Thanks, I owe you one." We then left and headed back to his office. Placing the stone slab aside, he sat and read his email. He then sent the scan to a big screen on the wall. It was clear these were not decorations, but actually seals. He fiddled with the image to split it and rotate the upside-down part right-side up. He then sent it to a printer. He handed me the printout.
"You were right. These are seals. I wish I knew what they said."
"Lucky for you, I read cuneiform. Let me see.... Oh, my! If I remember my history correctly, these seals were owned by a famous lady. Does the name Enheduanna mean anything to you?"
"Enheduanna, Enheduanna... it seems familiar, but I cannot place it."
"She was Sargon's daughter."
"What! Are you saying the necklace belonged to the daughter of the creator of the Akkadian Empire?"
"Not quite. I am saying the top seal claims to be the seal of Enheduanna, which translates as the High Priestess of An, in Akkad. That was the capital of the Akkadian empire. The bottom seal claims to be the seal of Amarezen, which translates as the calf of the festival, in Uruk. The seals describe the dignitary using the same glyphs, in the same order. That duplication, and their presence together, tell me they describe the same person. Add in the fact that the Akkadians began by defeating Uruk, and you have a date: the beginning of the empire. An empire created by Sargon. He placed his daughter as the High Priestess of An. However, some dispute the relationship, and claim she was not his daughter. Do you know what this means? If this was found as part of a tomb, it could be her tomb. In any event, it establishes that she is not his daughter."
"Unbelievable. How could they miss this?"
"Who knows? Tell me; are the artifacts from one site, or many?"
"One. Why?"
"The other artifacts might have more information about her. Likewise, knowing a more precise time-frame could help identify the artifacts in more detail. Do you have more that are not on display?"
"At least as much. But there are also two other displays touring the world."
"Oh my, that is a big find."
"Yeah. That's why they decided on three tours. Better publicity. Also, they are currently working on images, so they don't need access to the items nearly as much."
"Could I access the images? I would love to help bring back to life a historical civilization. And doing so of a ruler like Sargon, with all his empire building, sounds even more fun."
"I will see. I will call if they accept." I gave him my contact info. He got up to escort me out. As he neared me, I noticed a certain smell, and taking a peek, I saw he no longer had an erection, but did have a wet spot. He must be really dedicated to not having noticed his penis ejaculating. Come to think of it, I didn't notice either, and I usually do. He took me back to the exhibit level, where he said a final goodbye. Although he stuck out his hand, I instead gave him a hug, with his head between my lower breasts. Yep. His erection came back. I smiled as I left.
The museum was quite large, and one area was dedicated to a library. I went there next, but changed my mind when I passed a hallway with some delicious aromas. I turned and found out there was a small restaurant nestled out of the way, that smelled great. It seemed to have had a good mix of Mideast foods. I entered and was seated. Perusing the menu, I noted the prices were on the high side, but acceptable. I ordered lunch, with some Kataifi for dessert. After washing up thoroughly, I resumed my walk to the library.
Once there, I located the section on Mideast history, and began to research the beginnings of the Akkadian empire. I also used my phone to find out who found the artifacts. I learned it was a young archaeologist, who got lucky and found a virgin tomb. His patrons, upon realizing what he found, quickly dumped money into his dig. They also sent two senior archaeologists to assist, but apparently that didn't work out well. While the details were not clear, the hospitalization of one, and the jailing of the other, says a lot.
"Excuse me; the library is closing in five minutes."
I looked up to see a young man trying hard not to stare at my breasts. I looked down and saw his erection. Smiling, I said, "Sorry. I was engrossed in reading these books. Would you be so kind as to help me return them?"
"Okay." We gathered the books and headed into the stacks. I made sure to carry a certain book I remembered as being from the top row. He would have to get a ladder, but I would only have to stretch. I saved it for last. Facing him, I reached up, and then had to stretch a bit more on my tiptoes. I took my time, and I clearly heard him take a quick breath. Got him. When I dressed today, I had a simple dress on, that came maybe three inches below my crotch. However, when I lifted my arms, the bottom lifted as well. Stretched as I was, it rode a good eight inches higher.
Innocently, holding my pose, I looked at him. "What's wrong?" I then slowly followed his gaze. "Oh! Um... I forgot I wasn't wearing underwear." He blushed, but continued looking. "You say the library is closing?"
It took him a minute to answer, as I was still posed with my arms up high. "Yeah. By now it should be empty. Why?"
"Well, it is clear you like looking, and I like being looked at. Tell me, you ever do it in the stacks?" He shook his head in a no. "Want to?" A nodded yes this time. So I lowered my arms, grabbed the hem of my dress, and raised it up and off in one smooth motion. I then lay on the carpeted floor and said, "Let's get started."
"Four?"
"Four real, live breasts. Wanna feel?" I looked him in the eyes. "Strip and play with me." In a daze, he undressed, paying no attention to anything but me. As he knelt down, I said, "Lay on me and feel it all." He shifted, and soon lay on me. I guided his erection in, and his hands to my lower breasts. I then placed an upper breast in his mouth. As I sensed he was about to come, I whammied him to remain hard. We soon came, but when we went to pull out, I told him to keep going as long as he was hard.
He looked down and said, "Huh? How'd that happen?"
"You're a man. No mere boy. Give it to me good, I can take it." It took him a few minutes to reload, but we came again when he unloaded. I saw him glance down immediately afterwards and mumble 'Yes!' before he renewed pounding me again. After we came a third time, I said, "Hold on. Let's switch it up. You lie on the floor."
He rolled off me, and I got up and sat on his face. "Okay, eat me out while I give you a blowjob." I then leaned forward, and instead of bending a lot, I bent a little and used my tongue to wrap his dick and balls. I got my mouth on the last two inches, and proceeded to suck him off. He proceeded to lick and play down there, while I played with my toy. He came, and that set me off again.
With my tongue still wrapping his dick, I said, "Wad dis. I can eep oat u." Rather than try to explain what I said, I demonstrated it. I kicked off with my legs into a handstand, and then did push-ups to let his dick go all the way down my throat. At eight inches, he was rather impressed. When he came, the fifth time, I swallowed most of it, but held a bit in my mouth. I then let him deflate, even as I did a flip to standing. As he sat up, I knelt down and showed him that I still had a bit of his semen. After looking, I closed my mouth and swallowed the last of it.
I saw him begin to fade, so I sat against the stacks and pulled him between my legs to lay back into me, using my breasts for pillows. He fell asleep. After a bit, he shifted, and started to suck on a breast. We sat there like this for nearly half an hour, when his phone rang. This woke him up, and he quickly scrambled for his phone.
"Uh... Hello. Oh! Sorry mom, I didn't realize how late it was.... Yeah, there was someone here doing research all day, and she needed help. I lost track of time.... Okay, I'm heading home right now. Bye."
After taking a deep breath, he said, "That was close."
"Trouble?"
"Could have been. I'll probably have to explain what happened."
"You might not want to explain this."
"Yeah, ha ha. I'll leave that part out. But you were here all afternoon, so if she checks, I'm in the clear."
"Well, in that case, we best get dressed." I picked up my dress and had it on in seconds.
"Man, you have it easy."
"Well, when you have as much sex as I do, you learn to dress and undress quickly." I smiled as I said that.
"Yeah, I suppose so." Getting a little louder, he continued, "But wow, you are so hot. I don't know how many times I came, but that was the best sex ever!"
Smiling, I said, "Shhhh... You're in a library."
He blushed again. When he finished dressing, I followed him to the door. He let me out, and then locked the door behind him. "Go on ahead, I'll find my way from here." I walked slowly, watching him get ahead of me as he hurried to his mother. I ducked around a corner and listened. I was right. There was someone following us. I had just heard the door to the library unlock, open, close, and lock. I then quickly returned to the door and saw a young woman.
She turned around. "Eep!"
"You were watching and listening to us, weren't you."
She blushed and nodded her head yes.
"You were masturbating the whole time."
"Not... the whole time."
"You hungry? For food?"
"Yeah..."
"Good. Lead us to a good place to eat, my treat."
I don't know how a dive bar managed to be that close to a cultural place like a museum, but it was loud and crowded. We had to wait to get adjacent barstools. No matter, I had her order for us both. The food was surprisingly good, even if simple. Perhaps that was why. We had beers for dessert.
As she was drinking, I said, "I saw you checking me out as we ate. Where shall we have sex?"
Some beer came out her nose. After she recovered, she said, "I uh, don't want sex with you."
"Your nipples say otherwise. They look quite pointed right now. Did you see mine?"
"Yeah. They're incredibly long."
"Just imagine sucking on one." I saw her close her eyes and smile. Then she suddenly wiped the expression off her face, realizing it was a dead giveaway. "I saw that. You want me. It's okay, I go both ways. You want to do me in the lady's room? Or perhaps in the men's room? Or right here where everyone can watch?"
"I can't. I'd die of embarrassment."
"If not here, perhaps there's someplace private we can go nearby?"
"My place is not far."
"Let's go then." I stood and paid, then gestured for her to take the lead.
After a bit, I saw she was nervous. "Is something wrong?"
"I'm getting a bad feeling. This neighborhood isn't the best during the day, and this late at night, it might be dangerous."
"Don't be worried. I can defend us both, if needed. I have a black belt." We continued on. All was fine until we walked past a dark alley. From it came a trio of thugs.
They called out, "Hey ladies, let's have a party!" We turned around. I then heard a noise the way we were going, so I looked and saw two more come out from a recessed doorway.
"Gentlemen, we don't want trouble. But if I must, I have a black belt and will use my skill to defend us."
"At six against two? I don't think so." I missed one, so did a quick look about. There was someone crossing the street towards us.
"Leave us be."
"No. Spike, grab the little one. We'll get the bossy one."
The smallest, presumably Spike, pulled out a knife and started toward my companion. I twirled and did a snap kick, into his solar plexus. He went down like a sack of potatoes, and was having difficulty breathing. The knife was nowhere to be found. The others paused at that, but then the leader shouted, "Take the bitch down." Their mistake. They didn't have any guns, only knives. I got a few cuts, but I left them all knocked out. That first guy passed out, apparently.
"Let's get to your place, so I can wash out these cuts."
"Yeah. Wow, you really do have that belt."
"Actually more, but that would take a lot of explaining." A few blocks later, we came to her place. Shortly, after we get there, I asked if I could use the shower to wash out the assorted cuts I got. She led me there.
"Please join me in the shower. I could use your help for any cuts on my back."
"Okay." We both stripped, and I turned the water on, and got in the shower. Even as we checked for cuts, I teased her with my sex.
"So, what parts of the sex you saw was the best? Was it watching him come several times, having him eat me out, or my headstand deepthroating?"
"That deepthroating was awesome. And your tongue! It's so long. I bet you can do a lot with it."
"Oh yeah, I certainly can. It is strong enough to feel kind of like an erection, so when I eat you out, I can hit your G-Spot and send you into orbit."
"You sure are strong, doing those headstand push-ups. But what you did to those thugs. Wow. They didn't have a chance."
"They had a chance. I warned them I knew how to fight. They easily saw how big I was. Attacking was a choice for them. Don't worry about them. They will live to regret their choice. You, on the other hand, can look forward to some sexual fun tonight." With that, I leaned down and kissed her forehead. I then played with my nipples, and they responded by elongating. "You can play, too." She reached for the other breasts and began to play. By now all my cuts were washed.
I reached for her breasts and started playing with them. "Feel good?"
"Yeah, but you are so tall, that I don't see how we can have much fun."
"Oh, that is easy. The bed is horizontal, so you can look at me eye to eye, and who cares where our feet are. Let's dry off and head there." We exited, turned the water off, dried off, and went to her bedroom. We lay down, face to face, and began to kiss and fondle each other's breasts.
"I was thinking about your tongue. Could you...?"
"Sure." I shifted down and spread her legs. "Prepare yourself." I started licking, just barely touching her, teasing her body. I suddenly extended my tongue and plunged deeply. I retracted it and then plunged it repeatedly, simulating an erection pounding her. She reacted as though a guy was pounding her. I curled my tongue when it was deep and sought out her G-Spot. I found it by taste and feel. Each time I plunged deeply, I rubbed the tip of my tongue there, sending her into ecstasy.
When her orgasm came, I held my tongue on her G-Spot, rubbing it quickly, almost vibrating. Her orgasm lasted over two minutes, and when she started coming down, I pinched her clit, sending her back up for another two minutes. When I let her finally come down, she practically wilted.
Eventually, she said, "That was heaven." She was silent for at least a minute, and then said, "Best sex ever!" I shifted back up and slowly caressed her breasts, and placed her hands on my breasts.
Recovering her energy, she said, "Let me return the favor." Maneuvering to be between my legs, she began to eat me out. She used her tongue and fingers to make me come, which didn't take long at all. I stayed for another hour before taking my leave.
I called a taxi to take me home. The next morning, after my swim, I had breakfast. I was just cleaning up when the first signs of life stirred from the frat brothers. I put on a large pot of coffee, and was about to head downstairs when my son came in bleary-eyed.
"Hello, Matthew."
"Hi, mom. Is that coffee I smell?"
"Yep. I went for Brazilian Roast, and strong."
"You're the best, mom."
"I'll get out of your way now. I'm going downstairs to exercise and then relax in the sauna. I'll be back about lunch, but I'll dress first."
"Thanks again, mom."
I kissed him on the forehead. "Don't make too much of a mess, but have fun." I then headed downstairs. I began with stretches, and then ran a few laps, before getting to the serious weight training. After two hours in a near meditative state, I finished with some more laps.
I walked into the shower to wash off all the sweat. Then I went into the sauna and turned on the sound system. I was startled awake by a knock on the door. There was too much steam to see out the window, so I got up to open the door. I was surprised to see the curator. He was surprised to see me naked, without even a towel in sight.
"Hi Evan. I thought I would hear from you by email or phone. What brings you here?"
It took almost two minutes for his brain to process. "I... I brought some of the artifacts that have not been identified, as well as pics of a number of other items we have. My bosses are still deciding on the whole set, but I have the authority to show what I have."
"You brought it here?"
"Yeah." He pointed to the pile at the bottom of the stairs.
"Oh great. Let me shut the sauna down, and we can go to my office." I turned back to the sauna, and shut it down. I then walked to the elevator and summoned it. "It's a lot easier to use the elevator, and we can avoid the first floor this way. Those friends of my son will just want to have sex with me like they did yesterday." I then started carrying packages to the elevator. When I went in, I pushed the hold open button, so we could load everything. He was in a daze the whole time, and failed to move anything.
Again, I did all the moving from the elevator to my office. We had to leave some stuff next door in my bedroom, so I told him this was where Filipe and I slept. On the way back, I stopped and pointed out a full length mirror. "Check this mirror out. It's big enough that I can see my entire body. See?" As he was looking at my reflection, I did a few poses, including cupping my breasts. This caused my nipples to extend fully, as I intended. "I look sexy, don't I?" I didn't wait for a response, but rather went to fetch more stuff from the elevator. When it was all in my bedroom or office, I released the elevator.
"Where do you want to start?"
"... Perhaps you want to get dressed first?"
"Why? I'm comfortable. There's no one to bother us up here."
"... I, well, uh, it's not easy for me." He blushed, and briefly looked down towards his crotch, which failed to hide his raging erection.
"Oh that. No problem. Come with me." I grabbed his hand and pulled him to my bed. I laid down, spread my legs, looked him in the eye, and said, "Take your clothes off, and have sex with me. That should relieve your problem."
He was pounding away, when he finally realized what he was doing. "What? I shouldn't be doing this."
"Why not? I'm enjoying it. It sure looks like you enjoy it?"
"But it's not right. I barely know you!"
"I don't mind. Besides, it looks like your 'problem' is about to be taken care of."
"I don't have a problem. What do you expect going around naked?"
"Sex."
"...!" It seems I shocked him into silence. Then he came, and that set me off. Recovering, he rolled off me and closed his eyes. I shifted and cleaned him up. He opened his eyes, sighed, and closed them again. I went to the bathroom and wiped down briefly, and returned to my office to set up for study. He came in a few minutes later, dressed.
"You're not dressed?"
"I don't mind. Would you rather I wear something?"
"Please. Otherwise, I will have trouble concentrating."
"Okay." I went to my bedroom and got dressed in something not so distracting. Returning, I sat down and nodded for him to start.
"Thanks. To start with, the project is rather excited about your discovery. They are going over the scans as we speak, with their own experts, but the initial impression is that you are correct. Confirmation might take a bit since everyone wants a piece of the discovery."
"Just tell them to be sure to credit me with the initial discovery and initial analysis. I don't mind letting them have the credit for confirming it."
"They won't like it."
"They will like retracting credit later, even less should they try to claim credit now. I have timed proof."
"You do?"
"Yep. I texted a friend, while you were cross-checking the glyphs. You were rather engrossed in that. I also have pics of the wax molds, and the timestamp can prove they predate the scan."
"Oh my, you covered your bases."
"I'm in the film business. I know the value of intellectual property."
"You are? What do you do?"
"Ever hear of the Nigkala Tales series of films?"
"Yeah. You a subject-matter-expert? Help with the language and such?"
"You've never seen them, have you?"
"No. I'm more a horror fan. Why?"
"I'm the actress, Helen Asher, who plays the lead."
"Huh?"
"I'm quite tall, have four breasts, and am a skilled fighter. It is an easy role for me. My lack of shame or embarrassment of nudity and sex means they can be quite, shall we say, explicit? While the X-Rated versions don't get as many in the theater, they sell like hotcakes in the video market. The R-Rated versions, however, dominate the theaters when released. Sex and violence sells. I'm sure you noticed my sex appeal."
"Yeah. I noticed."
"Have you seen 'Lilith Ascends'?"
"No. I'm waiting for it to come out on cable. Why?"
"Oh, you might be seeing someone you know in it." I smiled broadly.
"You?"
"Yep. I play Tina, and my husband plays Gabriel. We had fun making it. So, what's next?" I gestured to the stuff we brought up.
He opened his briefcase, and took out several items. They weren't jewelry, or other obvious implements used back then. But I did recognize one item. Pointing to it, I said, "This looks to be a variant of the holy symbol for An, the god of the sky. Enheduanna would have used it. Let me think on the others a moment."
In silence, I asked, "Queen Inanna, I have come across some unusual historical objects from Sumerian times. One is a holy symbol of the god of the sky. Would you like to see, and perhaps comment?"
Suddenly, I felt her presence, and my eyes gazed over them all. Then they gazed over the curator. "He's rather short. You had him?"
"Just a few minutes ago. Seems he had trouble focusing with a naked woman next to him."
"Ha ha. Nice one. Of those other items, the two on the left are used for divination spells. They still feel potent. The one near the top is a rare form of dildo, but designed for the asshole. The last one is also used for spells, but you will need to investigate to figure out what it does. I sense a strong divine touch, which hampers my own senses. That's pretty normal for significant holy items of a god or goddess. Be careful though. You are mine, so fooling around with another's' divine implement could be dangerous."
"Thank you, my queen. I will be careful."
"Daughter, let me know when you do try. I want to watch, and maybe keep you from something dire."
"I will."
Since Inanna gave me a full understanding even as she spoke, I was able to identify the first three items for him, but on the fourth, I said, "This item feels touched by the divine. It also feels potent. Be careful examining it. The gods might guard their property."
"Touched by the divine, that's nonsense."
"Let me show you something." I left, and returned with the large holy symbol of Inanna I wore on occasion. "Do you recognize this?"
"Yes. Inanna's holy symbol. Used by her priests. Why?"
"It is mine. It's too complicated and private as to how it happened, but I am one of her modern day priestesses. That is not public information, so don't tell anyone. This symbol has been blessed by Queen Inanna herself. She is a goddess of sex and war. You've seen my sexual side, but I am also quite skilled in the arts of war, at least as known back then. Much of those skills I trained, but some she trained. Here, examine the symbol."
He reverently picked it up. "This is a remarkable piece of art. It is in pristine condition. These look like the real thing. I would have to test, but..."
"Trust me, it is real. I helped make it."
"Huh?"
"I make all my own clothes, since my size and form make off-the-rack clothing unsuitable. I've been doing it since Junior High. In High School, I got involved in cosplay. My jewelry skills back then weren't very good, but I studied. At the debut of my first film, I was in my own outfit, but the jewelry I had made wasn't quite good enough. I went back and studied more. I even passed the test to be a licensed jewelry maker. I made this."
"Wow. Is there anything you can't do?"
"Part of the acting trade is learning enough about whatever profession you portray to be convincing. That often means you have to actually do work as that profession to get the authentic feel. Additionally, since I started early, I am a licensed fight trainer and choreographer, licensed costumer, and I even wrote 'Space Kitty II'."
"My girlfriend talked all about that. She said it was a wonderful romp. Talked my ear off."
"What's her name?"
"Sally, why?"
"You'll see. Now back to the holy symbol. Can you feel anything odd when you touch it?"
Just then, it glowed briefly. He almost dropped it. "Wh... wh... what just happened. It feels, I don't know, somehow different. I can't explain it."
"I think someone wanted you to see it was real." I took it back. "Excuse me a sec." I left, and when I came back, I handed him a signed photo of me as Kitty Galore.
He took it. I had written 'To my romp loving fan, Sally' and it had my signature as Helen Asher. "Oh, she's going to love this. But how am I going to explain this?"
"Just tell her you met Helen at the museum. I've been known to darken its doors a few times."
"Okay. Think she'll buy that?"
"It's the truth. Back to the artifacts. Do you believe me now?"
"I don't know what to believe, but now I know to be careful. I will also pass along that warning. Their belief is another matter."
"That translating I did for Dr. Kaplan? It was on a 'cursed' book. The official explanation may deny it, but there were several dead bodies. I managed to subdue the curse. It should be safe for centuries, but it may come back. I am sure you have heard other tales of curses. How real they are is open to debate, but the bodies do seem to collect on some things and places more than other things and places."
"I see. I have heard such tales."
"What else do you have?"
"A puzzle."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. The dig also recovered the remains of half a dozen, or so, tablets. I don't know why they were in my custody, but they cannot realistically be displayed, nor do I have the resources to try to reassemble them. I was hoping you might help." He pulled a memory stick. "Here is the inventory of the tablet pieces, along with scans to identify them."
"Have you used AI to virtually assemble them?"
"I didn't, but others tried. Apparently, there wasn't enough information to reassemble. But human insight can sometimes do where AI fails. Your translating the display tablet so quickly indicates you are very smart, so I thought you might want to try."
"Can you leave them with me?"
"Yes. That's why I brought the crates. The exhibit runs for another two months, and if you can show progress, I think I can get forgiveness for letting you hold onto them for a bit."
"I shall be glad to look into them."
With that, the Evan took his leave. He packed up his briefcase with the small, odd artifacts, and then I walked him to the door. I went back upstairs to my office, and opened up one of the smaller crates to see how they were packed. I only pulled out three of the pieces before putting everything back.
I sat down and thought about the task. These were real tablets, and given how much they weighed, there were more likely eight tablets worth. I decided to take over the largest spare bedroom. However, I had to wait for Matthew's friends to leave as they were using all the spares. While I could not do a clean room, I could make it a fairly clean work area. I looked up a local supplier, and called for a bulk order of gloves for next-day delivery. Another supplier provided some wood panels. I then uploaded the memory stick and started examining the images. I sorted and re-arranged them a number of times, when I suddenly spotted what amounted to several different styles of writing.
I started tagging the images by writing style, and see where that got me. Further study showed I tagged some incorrectly. I then thought about other characteristics that might have been missed. I pulled up the report on the AI effort, and learned they only used the shapes of the fragments, and the places where the cuneiform touched the edges. I thought I might be able to tag by material as well. So I sorted by color. I noticed there were several bands of color, so I tagged each band as part of a group, leaving the between band pieces untagged. Doing some more analysis, I managed to separate by band and writing style. Not counting the strays, I wound up with nine groups. Noticing the time, I sent the results to the printer.
When I went downstairs, I saw the remains of dinner strewn about the kitchen. I sent Matthew a text about cleaning up after himself. I then looked to see what was in the fridge. I found something, and used the microwave to heat it up. While I was eating, Matthew came in.
"Hi mom."
"This place is a mess. I know we have a maid, but still, I didn't raise you to be a slob, or to let your friends trash a place. I expect everything will be orderly for the maid to finish up when she comes in tomorrow."
"But mom, they sent me in for some beer."
"You can have some, but I expect you to clean up before you go to bed tonight. Oh, be sure you don't leave the house in a mess. I will check."
He gave a long-suffering, "Yes, mom." Then he got some beer from the fridge and left.
I noticed he took two six-packs out, but didn't replace it from the beer cabinet. So when I finished my meal and cleaned my place up, I pulled room temperature sis-packs from the cabinet and put it into the fridge. I took a cold single, and went to my room. There, I closed the door, turned on the stereo, turned down the lights, and settled into a quiet evening. The beer was soon gone, and when I got up to throw it away, I undressed and went back to bed to listen some more. Sometime later, I fell asleep. I woke to a loud crack. I realized a storm had come in. Looking at the time, it was just after midnight. As the lightning seemed to be receding, I went back to sleep.
I had a strange dream that night. It came in fragments, yet it was clearly a tale of capture, and then ascent to power. There were also numerous times I felt as though there was static electricity in the air, without seeing any reason for it. The young woman had long hair that sometimes seemed to be in a soft breeze. When I woke, it felt like a storm had just left.
In the morning, I swam for an hour before getting breakfast. When I saw the maid, I said, "Cindy, Matthew spent the weekend here with friends. I told him to clean up after himself. Did he?"
"I saw the poolroom had two stray beer cans, but the rest wound up in the trash cans. There were a lot of dishes on the sink, but I haven't been upstairs yet."
"Tell you what. When you clean the poolroom, place the two beer cans on his bed."
"Yes, ma'am."
"I will be taking over one of the spare rooms for a project. Please stay out of it, as it is valuable archaeological material. I don't want it compromised with random touches. I intend to work with gloves, so I don't compromise it."
"I understand, and will stay out. Shall I make a sign for you?"
"Yes, please."
I returned to my breakfast. Afterwards, I went back to my room to decide what to wear. I figured I would be on my knees a lot, so I went for pants, but decided not to bother with a top. I looked over the several spare bedrooms, and wound up choosing the largest one. Matthew had already stripped the bed, so I moved it into the walk in closet, vertical. I also rolled up the carpet and put it with the bed. I was able to get one of the two chairs into the closet, but could not get the other one in. I carried it into a different spare room. In the open space, I spread out some fresh sheets to cover the floor for my workspace. While I was preparing the room, the maid brought the gloves that were just delivered.
I went to my office and collected the printout of pieces. Looking through it, I placed the group with the best correlation on the top. Leaving the stack in the spare room by the door, I went downstairs and collected some tools to open the crates and placed them in the spare room. Taking a crate from my room, I took it to the spare room. After I opened it, I pulled on a pair of gloves and started emptying it, checking each piece if it was in that first group. If it was, I placed it to the right, otherwise to the left. When the crate was empty, I loaded it back up with the pieces on the left. I closed it, and moved it to the far side of the room.
I repeated the process with each of the crates, until they were all stacked against the wall. I spread out the pieces in front of me in a large area, and oriented them right side up to me. I then went into 'puzzle' mode, and looked for edges to place to one side, and sorting the rest into ones that pulled in on the right side and ones that pushed out. With three groups, I started the edges.
It was slow-going, but after an hour, I had about a third of the edges in short sequences that fit. I took a break and did some stretching out in the hallway. I went back in and sat down on the floor to continue working the edges. Two more breaks and about two thirds were in strands. The final pieces didn't seem to fit anything I had. It was time to switch tactics. I started working in from the sides, starting on the right. This went far slower, and I was thinking of taking a break when the maid knocked on the door.
"Yes?"
"I have prepared lunch, and placed it by your bed."
"Thank you."
She left, and I got up to stretch. She had made an excellent choice. A nice hot meal, that would not make a mess. Yet also light, so I would not get drowsy after eating. I washed up and put on a new set of gloves when I finished. I continued for another couple of hours. I re-sorted the ins and outs, but this time focusing on the top. That let me work on the top edge easier. I took another break for dinner. By the time I broke for the night, I had probably an equal amount of inside pieces placed against the edge pieces. I closed the door and saw the sign the maid made. I went to the basement and worked out for an hour. I showered and then went to bed.
Again, I had strange dreams. I thought it was the same woman. The fragmentary nature made it difficult to tell, but I did see a little more of her. At times, I listened to her poetry, but could not remember it when I woke. I also saw one or more tablets being written. I could not remember those either. When I got out of bed, I zapped myself. That's when I realized it felt like a storm again, but a little more intense. As I walked past the mirror, I did a double take. My hair seemed to stick out as though I had a static charge. I touched a grounded switch, and felt a zap, indicating I had been charged. I went back to the mirror and saw my hair had settled back down.
Just then, my phone dinged. I picked it up and saw it was Filipe. We texted a few minutes, where I told him of my new project. He told me about a pair of twins on the set that were spending some quality time in his bunk. Apparently both deepthroated, and he was pleased to allow them to demonstrate. He returned the favor by demonstrating his skills at eating a woman out. We finished up, and I put the phone down, intending to go swimming. My eyes glanced at my reflection, and my hair was back up. That was decidedly odd. I discharged myself again, and hurried to the pool.
Today was a lot like yesterday, but the task seemed to go faster. I was having better luck matching up bits of the tablet. This night, the dreams came again. This time, she was there again, but looking out over an ancient city from a tall place. She also seemed to gaze into a night sky from time to time. The view seemed familiar, yet I could not place it. Waking was also a repeat. Getting zapped as I left the bed, seeing my hair frizzy in the mirror until I discharged myself, and the feel of a storm having been here.
After my third day, I had started to find bits that connected some of the groups. I could now see the approximate size and shape of the tablet. When I went to bed, I chose to speak with Inanna about the project and about the strange dreams.
"Queen Inanna, something odd has been happening the last few nights."
"Do tell, daughter."
"I have had odd dreams, that seem to be from the old times, but not a place I've seen. There is a woman who recites poetry. There were scenes of tablets being written. And when I wake, it is like a storm has just finished. My hair is full of static electricity, and when I discharge it, it starts to build up if I stay in my room."
"That is indeed odd. May I see the dreams?"
"I don't remember them well, but here they are." I then tried to remember all of the dreams I could. I felt her presence in my mind. Afterwards, the memories seemed clearer.
"The city you saw was Akkad. Of the woman, there was not enough of her to see who she is. I recognize some of the tablet stories, and I think you are putting such back together. But I leave that as a pleasant surprise for you. As to why you are having these dreams, I think an echo of a spirit is trying to communicate with you. I say echo, as it feels artificial, somehow, as though it is a magical recording. This echo may also be responsible for the static charge. I do not believe it to be menacing, but until you have a good rapport with it, it will likely stay with you and cause zaps."
"How may I come into alignment with this echo? Waking up charged is annoying, and my husband will be home in a few days."
"Meditate, as you do to listen for my advice, but focus instead on the woman. You may not have a good image of her, yet she should recognize your thoughts. Do not be surprised if she speaks to you. Such echos sometimes seem to have a life of their own."
"I will do as you say." I felt her attention leave.
I began to meditate as instructed, but I was too tired and fell asleep instead. The dreams this time seemed to mix my time in Kish and the city of Akkad. When I woke, the static charge seemed a little less than the day before.
When I began working on the tablet, it seemed to go faster. I also sensed a familiarity of sorts. Nothing I could put my finger on, but it seemed as though I knew this tablet. By lunch, I could find no more bits that seemed to be part of it. After lunch, I took a picture, and then ran it through the computer. It generated the outlines of each piece. I printed it twice, once at scale, and again in reverse at a five percent enlargement and thick borders. I took the larger print to the shop I used to make cosplay weapons. Going to my stock of wood, I pulled out a pair of plywood panels. One was going to be a backing, and the other would be cut with the larger pattern. I glued it on, then cut out all the inside parts of the pieces. With the excess included, the tablet pieces should fit snugly. When I finished, I then affixed the second piece as a backing. I brought it back to the main house, and stopped to get dinner.
That evening, I removed each piece, and transferred it to the corresponding hole in my form. I wrote the piece number affixed to it in the corresponding space of the smaller pattern. It took most of the evening to finish this. I then brought the work in progress to my office, and laid it down on a shelf, in a place I had prepared for it. There was still maybe ten percent missing, but I thought those pieces might turn up later after I had worked on more of the tablet pieces.
I decided to relax in a bath to soothe my strained muscles. Perhaps it is more properly a Jacuzzi, but I used it as a bath. After a simple washing, I turned on the heater, jet, and bubbles. Calling for near darkness, the main lighting turned off, and several tiny lights came on. There was just enough light to make out the obstacles in the room, without detracting from the peace of a quiet, dark place. A few minutes later, lying down with a jet aimed at my vagina, and my head resting just above the water, I began to meditate on the echo. The subtle currents as I floated were at first disturbing, but soon became relaxing. The jet, made me somewhat aroused, with my nipples at half-mast, yet did not distract me. I'm not sure if I fell asleep or not, as the dream seemed to be a waking one, yet it wasn't like I was daydreaming.
I began to sense a tentative presence. It seemed distant, and in the direction of my bedroom. I focused thoughts in that direction, and soon noticed the presence become more definite. When it seemed to steady, I called out with my mind. "Hello?"
"Who seeks me?"
"It is you who has sought me out these last few nights."
"I have? Are you the holy one I felt?"
"I may be. I woke up each morning, feeling as if a storm had just passed, and when I touched something metal, I got a small shock as stray energy left me."
"Then you must be the holy one I have encountered. Strange. I do not know you. Yet it feels as though you are in Heaven. How can this be?"
"I do not understand, what is it I am feeling that makes you think I am there?"
"You float without weight. The air against your body stimulates you. And it seems you gaze at the stars themselves."
"While I do float, it is in water, not air. The current is water. And the stars are actually tiny lights in a large room."
"Then you are not in Heaven. Only the truly blessed visit where the gods live."
"Then I have been blessed twice. I spend a good part of a year working in orbit. That is a part of space, or Heaven, that is near our world. I went back later to use the results of my labors to tell a tale of adventure of strangers from space who meet us."
"You have been to Heaven! I have no memory of having been so blessed. And you tell tales also! You are my sister in spirit."
"Who are you? Do you know?"
"I am..., I am..., I cannot remember my name. Hmm..., I cannot remember much of anything about myself. I am tired, so I must rest."
Suddenly, the presence was gone. I got out, called for a little bit more light, and dried off. When I entered my bedroom, I immediately noticed the storm smell was very strong. I carefully headed to bed, half expecting a big shock, but none came. Soon I slept, but no dreams. When I woke, the smell of the storm was gone.
When I returned to working on the tablets, I went through each crate and pulled out the second set of pieces. As I sorted them into edges and such, that familiarity was back, and pieces went together much faster. I got as much done today as I had in my first two days.
When the dreams came, I almost woke. I did manage to focus my mental power somewhat to communicate with this echo. Although sleeping, my mind seemed to take part in shaping the dreams. I seemed to travel in Akkad as her guest, and she went with me as I wandered places I had lived, including orbit. When I woke, I could smell the storm, but very faint. There were no shocks this morning.
My skill must be improving because I came to near completion just after dinner. I generated a pair of prints like last time. When I went to bed, we explored each other's life, as we did last night. But upon waking, I felt I needed to do something. Hoping it would come to me if I did simple things; I swam, ate, and packed the second tablet. I placed it on the next shelf.
As I was passing by my bed, I felt the presence. I stopped, and reached out for it with my mind. Being fully awake, I got a better sense of direction as to its location. I soon realized I needed to look under my bed. To my surprise, I found the glassy artifact from the museum that I had warned Evan about. I carefully reached in and picked it up. When I did, it seemed like an electrical connection had been made. I looked at it closely, and saw no change from what I remembered. Evan needed to know about this, so I called him.
"Evan here."
"Hi, Becky Sue. Um, have you misplaced an artifact recently?"
"Funny you should ask. About a week ago, an alarm went off. Several, actually. But the cameras seemed to indicate they were triggered by a lightning strike that somehow traveled into the underground storage area. The timestamp said just after midnight, yet the weather forecast did not call for thunderstorms. When we checked for damage, there was nothing beyond a single box with a scorch mark. It should have held that odd glassy artifact I showed you, but it was empty. We've been searching everywhere for it."
"Oh dear. I know I saw you pack it away in your briefcase."
"Yeah. And I unpacked it and had my assistant handle the storage box I placed it in. It should still be here in that box."
"Remember I said it was powerful?"
"Yeah...."
"I just found it under my bed."
"WHAT!"
"My house was struck by lightning just after midnight, the same day, and ever since I have felt something different about the room. Today I finally found the cause."
"I don't know how I can explain this to the bosses."
"Then don't. Ancient stuff is often mysterious. How about I drop it off later today?"
"Can you?"
"Sure. I'll call when I get there."
"Okay, bye."
I changed into a little black dress, and then headed for the shop, this time to get a carrying case. I left a power tool on the table; I placed the artifact in its case. The foam void should keep it safe enough. I was about to close the case when I felt the presence.
"Why are you sending me away?"
"The museum is currently in charge of your physical form. They do not know about you. So I am returning you to them."
"That is not good. I should be with a holy one like you."
"While I might be able to arrange that, it would be difficult, take a lot of time, and a lot of uncomfortable questions would be asked. And I have already promised to bring you today. We have very little time to do anything."
"Let me think...."
After standing there for five minutes, I sat down. Ten more minutes passed when I heard, "I have an idea."
"Tell me."
"You must find a very dry area with a fair amount of sand. You must also lend me some of your power. I think I can guide you to transferring my essence."
The only dry area with lots of sand I could think of was a golf course in a valley at the base of a mountain. It was about an hour away, in the opposite direction as the museum. I transmitted what I thought I could achieve, and this seemed to be good enough. I finally closed the case and went to my car.
When I got to the course, I asked the staff where the adiabatic winds were the hottest over any of the sand traps. They pointed me to the fifteenth hole, second trap on the right. I told them I would be hanging out there testing a theory. They gave me a look, so I gave them a whammy. They offered to take me.
After I was dropped off, I opened the case and brought out the artifact. I immediately felt the presence. "It is not dry enough."
"I was afraid it might not be, so I selected a place that gets hit by hot winds blown down from the mountain."
"Why do the winds get hot?"
"When it comes down the mountain, it is compressed, which makes it hot. The heat will draw away the moisture, and thus make it dry. And below us is a fair amount of sand."
I felt the presence get stronger. "The sand is good. I feel the winds coming, but I cannot tell if it will get dry enough. It is time to prepare you for the ritual. Please strip and sit in the sand."
I did. I folded my clothes and placed them in the box along with my purse. As I walked to the center of the trap, I went into a meditative state. Placing the box just behind me, I sat down in the sand, and held the artifact in my lap. I felt the presence make an even stronger connection to me, as it said, "Concentrate on the breeze. Imagine it getting stronger, and coming from far away."
I focused my meditation on the gentle zephyr, and imagined the air mass that contained it. In my mind, I made it grow stronger and larger, covering an even greater area. As I knew the ritual needed the adiabatic wind, I imagined the air mass was expanding to include the air up the mountain, and that it was coming to me.
"Good. Now imagine it happening now. You must desire it greatly."
This reminded me of the explanation of the working of magic that Inanna gave me. So I focused my mind to the task. After a few minutes, I felt the wind pick up. Taking this as confirmation I was on the right track, I redoubled my effort. I also felt the presence seeming to guide my thoughts to focus in just a certain way. The air responded.
Five minutes later, it seemed as though the air was getting warmer. The wind was no longer a zephyr, but now a breeze. At twenty minutes, I was starting to feel the air charge up with static electricity. The wind was enough to send the golfers back to the nineteenth hole. The temperature was also rising. I could feel the presence become more powerful, and anticipating release. At thirty minutes, I had to nearly close my eyes, the sand was stirring. Even as it did that, I started seeing small sparks here and there, and the sense of an impending storm rose. I also felt my hair start to defy the wind with its own static charge. But what was even stranger was that my nipples had fully deployed even though I was not aroused.
It was nearing an hour, when I felt the presence decide it was time. I felt it pull my hand in front of my chest, and build up a great charge. My hair stood on end, even with the strong winds. And I saw and felt sparks leap from my nipples into the air, connecting with some particle of sand nearby. The charged feeling got even more intense. Suddenly, the sparks from my nipples became continuous, and the air felt like lightning was about to hit.
It didn't hit. Rather, it erupted from me through the artifact and into the sky. It erupted through my nipples, and entered the artifact. It lasted several seconds and then cut off. I nearly fainted, I was so drained. Suddenly, lightning struck two feet from me. It knocked me back, and I was out for a few minutes. When I awoke, I was lying in the sand with the box under me, giving me a crick in my back. I slowly say up, and I saw before me a glassy object floating a foot off the ground. I saw it sparking into a tiny cloud of sand that whirled about it. As I watched, it seemed to alter its shape a little as it slowly absorbed sand. Below it, and a little to the side, was the artifact.
When I sought the presence, I did not find it. Yet, I could sense a lot of power in the object floating in front of me. It suddenly discharged into my forehead. The remaining sand swirling around it fell. It fell softly down to the ground. I reached out and touched it. There was no reaction, but I sensed it had a lot of power. Picking it up, I tried to 'speak' to the presence, but I suddenly remembered a bit about her. The odd part was that it was from her perspective, and I was not there at all. I tried asking what had happened here; I instead, got a memory. Again from her perspective, but with it, I learned what had happened.
She caused a static charge to manifest in me, as well as guiding my own power to pull in the hot wind. When I was at my limit, she sent the energy into herself and up to An, god of the sky, with the desire to create a new talisman tuned to me. This also sent her essence, which appears to have returned as memories. I realized that it returned as lightning into the sand, causing it to liquefy briefly. Why it then levitated up and changed, I have no idea. I suspected it had something to do with being a divine object.
I placed it back down on the sand and picked up the artifact, which, I now realized, was a talisman. Nothing. I felt nothing from it. No presence, no divine feel, nothing. Now, it was just an artifact. She said she had found a way, and I guess she did. I carefully set it down, and turned around. I immediately turned back as my muscles screamed. That's when I found out I was sore all over. Especially my nipples, which were at least back to normal size. After sitting still for a few minutes, I tried again, but I moved very slowly. I was able to get the box, and I brought it in front of me.
Opening it, I took out my shoes and put them on. I then took out the dress I wore, and took my time putting it on. It irritated my skin, and my nipples hurt from its touch. I tried sitting still a few minutes, but it didn't help, so I carefully took it off. I decided to wrap the new talisman in my dress, since I wasn't going to be wearing it. I then placed the artifact in the box and closed it up. I picked up the box in one hand, and everything else in the other, and stood. I felt woozy, so I didn't move until it passed. I slowly headed for the clubhouse, as I needed something to drink after all the heat and wind. Some food would be nice.
The walk took forever, but loosened me up a bit. When I approached the door, it was opened for me. I entered to catcalls and whistles. Hoping to stop them from groping me, I called out, "Bartender, a round on me!" Cheers erupted. I then headed to the bar. The barkeep got real busy. I caught the eye of a waitress, and asked her to bring me a towel to sit on, and a pitcher of water. I was parched. I stood by a barstool waiting for her. I poured a glass and began drinking slowly. When she came, I sat on the towel and thanked her. I turned my back on the bar and sat facing the crowd. As I turned, my legs opened wide.
"Gentlemen, I got stuck out there in the hot wind. So hot, I had to take my dress off. I realize you all want sex with me, but please, let me slack my thirst first."
There was a sudden buzz. I had bought a round for everyone, and implied I would have sex with everyone. I overheard several talk about my four breasts, and about my smooth vagina. A minute later, I turned back to the bar to pour my second glass of water. I turned back, legs even wider and facing the crowd to drink it. When I got my third drink, I saw that only one more glass' worth remained. Facing the crowd with legs spread wider still, I sought eye contact with a waitress. She came over.
"Can I get you something?"
"Yes, I feel I have been drained from the heat, and I need a nutritious meal. Can you get me something I can eat one-handed? I expect I'll need the other kept free." I winked at her, and she blushed.
When I got my fourth glass, I faced the crowd, doing a full split. The waitress came along with a large burger, with all the fixings. After looking at it, I asked her to bring another.
"Gentlemen, while I eat out this burger, who wants to eat me out?" I then took a huge bite of the burger. Several guys got up. I raised my free hand to stop them. When they paused, I pointed to one and crooked my finger at him.
"Go John! She likes you."
"Show us what you got, John."
"Damn, you're lucky."
As he came to me, I whammied him to avoid my nipples. He knelt in front of me and started licking. With my free hand, I pulled his head in close. When I finished my first bite, I said, "That's nice. Get me juicier than this burger. I want to leave a mess." I had to quickly swallow, as I felt an orgasm start. "First orgasm. Keep going."
He continued. Soon, I came again. I pulled his head back and up. Leaning forward, I kissed him. "Next," I called out. Scanning the crowd, I selected another. I continued enjoying myself and all the action downstairs. By the time I had eaten my burgers, I was on my ninth guy. When he finished, I said, "Sorry guys. Time for me to leave." I turned to the bartender, and handed him my card to pay the bill. I also gave him a nice tip. I then stood and left the bar and headed to my car.
Placing everything on the passenger seat, I pushed the start button. I checked the G.P.S. and saw I would need nearly two hours to get to the museum. Looking at the time, I saw it was already past five. I called Evan.
"Hello, Becky Sue. Have you arrived?"
"No. I'm sorry, but my plans took a detour. It was profitable, but took a lot of time. I can still make it tonight, but it will take me the better part of two hours to get there."
"Oh dear. Hmm, I can catch dinner here, and then return to the museum."
"Great! I will head there now."
"Okay, see you then."
"That you will, he he." I then ended the call, and left.
While I noticed a number of truckers checking me out, few others noticed me. Once I left the highway, and entered the city traffic, many more noticed me. Given how tall I am, my upper breasts could be seen by everyone. While I had not gotten too aroused at the bar, driving in the city with everyone looking at me, I couldn't help getting aroused. At the stoplight, when I had to wait a bit, I found my free hand between my legs. By the time I pulled up to the museum, I had experienced a number of orgasms. I called Evan and told him to come to the parking lot, as I did not feel I could enter. I asked him to bring a container.
When I saw him, I honked, and waved my arm to get his attention. He came over, and saw me, and said, "Shit! Cover up."
"I cannot just now. That detour I mentioned? It was a ritual. I needed to be naked, and at the height of the ritual, I was struck by lightning. But it was the second stroke, only two feet away in the sand, that knocked me out. It left my skin, especially my nipples, very sore. Anyway, do you have that container?"
"Yes." He opened it for me, and held it in the window. I opened my box and carefully pulled the artifact out.
"One of the reasons for the ritual was to make the artifact less dangerous. I don't think it was affected physically, but it is now an ordinary piece of glass formed by lightning." I placed it in his container.
"A fulgurite? Are you sure?"
"Fairly sure." I reached over to my dress, and unrolled it. Presenting my talisman, I said, "That lightning I mentioned? It created this. But it is no ordinary piece of frozen lightning. It is a talisman, attuned to me."
"Wow, I so want to examine it."
"I'll let you, but not today. Being hit by lightning is stressful, and I need to go home to relax. Oh, by the way, I have two tablets over eighty percent complete. I think there are six more, but I am not sure."
"..." It took him a few moments to get his voice working. "You assembled two? Already? Impossible."
"Then come visit me tomorrow or the next day. But don't expect to take them yet. I want to assemble as much as I can before going over the remainders to see if they fit any open spaces."
"Yeah, I'll be there early."
"No, don't come before lunch. I don't know how sore I will be, and may need the time to recover."
"Sorry, I didn't think."
"That's okay. I look forward to your visit."
We said our goodbyes, and I went home. The first thing was dinner. Two burgers were not enough. I had wound up eating three dinners worth of food before I felt full. I also had the funny feeling I would want more before I sleep. So I made half a dozen sandwiches. I brought everything to my room and laid the talisman and sandwiches on my bedside table. I then started the bath. I set it to hot, jets, and bubbles. I then got in and relaxed.
"Queen Inanna, today I learned much, but have even more questions."
"And what hap..." I suddenly felt her intense interest. "You have performed a ritual of power. I feel it still reverberating within you. Tell me."
"Remember that holy object you warned me of? It was responsible for my dreams. I managed to connect to it and learn about the 'woman' who was actually an echo of her spirit. I think she lived in Akkad, when Sargon reigned. While the caretaker took the talisman with him, it returned on its own just after midnight. I did not find it until today. I called the curator to return it. Afterwards, she spoke to me to convince me to do a ritual. I went to a suitable place, and she included me in the ritual to transfer her essence. I powered the ritual, and she aimed it. Lightning erupted from me into the talisman and then to the sky. A few seconds later, a bolt comes down beside me and knocked me out. When I woke, there was a new talisman before me, and the old one had lost all that made it a talisman. She successfully transferred her essence. The stress on my body has left me quite sore, which is why I am in the bath."
"Lightning to the sky and back as the center of a ritual. That sounds like An might be involved. What has happened to this new talisman?"
"When I tried to contact her, I failed, but I seemed to find some of her memories. Ones separate from me. I tried to find memories of the ritual and learned she meant to make a new talisman tuned to me. She also intended An to do it."
"That is truly surprising. Why would she feel you were suitable? And why would An?"
"I don't know about An, but she was impressed I lived in orbit for a time. She felt I lived in Heaven."
"I think you impressed more than her. You did indeed live in Heaven. In the olden times, the only way to live there was with the help of the divine. Nowadays, the neighborhood is getting busy. Still, your people are few, and barely have entered Heaven." She paused for a bit. "May I examine your talisman?"
"You sound hesitant."
"I am. If the new talisman is like the old, it is powerful. With An involved, it is best to ask rather than take. And daughter, it is also yours. Talismans can be very personal. It may be bonded to you, but it can have a will of its own."
"I see. May I watch as you examine it? I've never had a talisman before, and know nothing about them."
"You may. But you are wrong about having a talisman. You made my holy symbol. I blessed it with power when I sent you forward in time."
"..."
"Yes, daughter. You now have two. Now follow me, and I will explain as I go."
I fell asleep in the bath, but dreamed. As she explored the new talisman, she explained what she was looking for, and what she saw. She also told me of their use, and how they amplified one's power. It was quite rare for anyone to be bonded to two divine talismans. There were plenty of magic users who used lesser talismans to augment their power, but they would need over a dozen such talismans to rival one divine talisman. The effort needed to make a lesser talisman was such that few tried for more than four or five. When she finished her examination, she then led me through the talisman she gave me.
I woke still in the bath. Inanna's symbol lay between my breasts, and my body was submerged except for my face. Somehow, I knew I had called it to me using a skill Inanna taught me. I also knew it was far sturdier than it looked, because of the talisman magic. Among its powers was healing. Warriors often get hurt, and as their goddess, she supported them with healing. When I got up out of the bath, I tested my nipples. They were sensitive as normal, but no trace of soreness. I did a few stretches. Nothing. My body had completely recovered.
I was about to reach for a towel, when I remembered a power of my talisman of An. I knew it was just in the other room, so I focused on it and asked for warm winds to dry myself. They started slowly, as zephyrs, but soon rose to a stiff breeze. A few minutes later, I was completely dry. I released the winds and the air settled down. I headed downstairs for breakfast.
"Becky, you look beautiful."
I was startled for a minute. I had forgotten Filipe was due back late last night. "Thank you. I missed you. You have a good time?"
"Yes. Those twins were definitely experienced. They also knew each other quite well. Often, one would coach me on how I did the other."
"It is so nice to find folks as considerate as that. It is clear they know their way around each other. Did they know their way around the male?"
"I don't know about in general, but they showed me they knew their way around this male."
"He he."
"Good times. While they are good at deepthroating, they don't hold a candle to you. Something about what you do with that crazy tongue of yours. Still, everyone had fun. So, much happen here?"
"Well... I collected another holy souvenir."
"I noticed you wearing that holy symbol. Usually when you dress, you wear a bit more. Not that I'm complaining, mind you."
"Huh? I hadn't noticed I was wearing it."
"How could you not notice?"
"Well, it's a long story. It all started with a visit to the museum. They currently have an exhibit of archaeological artifacts from around and near the Sumerian time and place. Of course, I was interested. While there, I noticed they had failed to identify some seals, so I went and talked to the curator about it. Evan was doubtful at first, but I convinced him to test them. Well, he was so happy, that he stopped by to show me some of the interesting unidentified objects not on display. He also brought some crates with pieces of cuneiform tablets. Looking at the objects, I realized one was a holy object. I told him of the danger of examining it. He then offered me the opportunity to reassemble the tablets. I'm doing that in a spare room. He left the tablets, but took everything else back."
"So you've been busy?"
"Oh yeah. That holy object was something more. Apparently, it sensed me and my own divine connections. Just after midnight, it summoned lightning to take it from storage in the museum to my bedroom. That night and following, my dreams were haunted. With Inanna's advice, I made contact, and yesterday finally found it. I intended to return it, but it didn't want to leave. We wound up with a compromise. We used a ritual to transfer it. Then the museum could have what it wanted, and it stayed with me. At the height of the ritual, I was hit with lightning. An extremely close return stroke knocked me out. When I woke up, there was a new talisman, similar to the original, yet attuned to me. Inanna was quite interested. She told me a little about it." I then touched the holy symbol. "She told me about this one, as well."
"Wow, your time has been more interesting than mine."
"Yeah, it was. After the ritual, I was unable to put my clothes back on, I was so sore. Yet, I needed a lot of water and some food to recover. The nearest bar got a treat. When I got home, I ate a few dinners then went to soak in the tub. I fell asleep, and woke this morning, completely healed, in part due to the power of this holy symbol."
"You were in there for hours?"
"All night. The heat was on, and you know how I like to float in the tub."
"You must have left it looking like a prune."
"Curiously, I didn't. Maybe Inanna felt sorry for me, or maybe I have some sort of power to not become a prune. It's not important. After breakfast, why don't you come with me and I can show you the other talisman."
"Sure thing. Can I make it for you? I feel like pampering you."
"Well, if you can keep your attention on the food sufficiently rather than on me, then sure."
Filipe started with toast, as something to occupy me as he started a large breakfast. He went all out, knowing that I would burn through the calories in my workout routine. He takes his cooking seriously, so he knew I was just teasing. He returned the favor by giving a running commentary of other things he did while away, interspersed with phrases like 'oops, too much', 'almost forgot the spice', and other dire cooking words. Yet, the results were wonderful.
We went up to our room, and I told him to get naked and on the bed. While he did that, I fetched the new talisman. When he was naked, I handed it to him.
"This is technically a fulgurite, that is, frozen lightning. It was created by that second lightning bolt hitting the sand at my feet. It is glass, but enchanted by the divine touch of An, a god of the sky."
"It looks odd."
"Apparently, its shape is determined by the path the lightning takes once in the ground."
"You say it is a talisman? What does that mean? I mean, as far as you are concerned."
"This holy symbol is a talisman, and one of the things it does for me is healing. Inanna, as a goddess of war, she keeps warriors fighting by ensuring they heal quickly when damaged. The talisman of An, as a god of the sky, allows me to have a little control of the air." I concentrated, and wiled a gently breeze around us.
"Control of the air? What do you mean?"
"Patience. It will be obvious soon." I noticed the air was starting to move.
"Huh? I can feel a breeze, and we are inside."
"Yep. I don't know how useful it will be, but I'm sure I'll think of something."
"You could use it to have a breeze blow up your skirt to flash someone."
"Oh! I like that. Especially for the Tina outfit. I'll have to practice. In the meantime, let me put these talismans aside, so I can ravish you."
He handed it to me, and I put them on my bedside table. Then I ravished him. I began by deepthroating him, but with my tongue wrapping technique no other woman could even do. It didn't take long for him to fill me with a nice treat. Then he showed me what the twins taught him. While there was little new, there was noticeable improvement in his technique. When I was coherent after that orgasm, I told him. With the warm-up over, we got to some serious fucking. We must have gone for over an hour, pounding our bodies together in many different ways. The sheets would need changing, but I knew our maid liked that particular chore.
We rested a bit after. Actually, it more like half an hour. Then I remembered the sandwiches I didn't eat last night. I looked over, and they were still on the table. I leaned over and got them. Filipe and I had lunch in bed, even as we enjoyed looking and caressing each other. Even after eight kids, we still felt like kids with each other anytime we had sex. It truly seems like we are made for each other.
After lunch, we sat quietly. We were startled by the doorbell. "Oh, Filipe, Evan is due here from the museum. You get dressed, I'll answer the door." I went to answer, and it was indeed Evan.
"What is it with you and clothes?"
I looked down, "Oh. Forgot. Filipe and I were catching up on events. Come on in, I'd like you to meet him." I looked quickly down at his crotch and saw his erection was growing.
He came on in, and said, "I'm not so sure that is a good idea. Especially as we already,..."
"Nonsense. He knows I play the field. I already told him about you. I want you to meet him."
"I..." he looked up when he heard something.
I looked, and saw Filipe. "There he is now." I grabbed his hand and pulled him over to Filipe, even as Filipe came to us. "Evan, this is Filipe, my husband. Filipe, this is Evan Smith, a curator at the museum."
"Um, hi, Mr. Tate."
"Actually, it is Hernandez. Becky Sue's professional name is Tate, but our kids are all Hernandez." Filipe put his hand around my waist, and started playing with a lower breast.
I enjoyed the sensation for a bit, then I said, "Come, you're here to see the tablets, right?"
He was staring at the breast Filipe was playing with, but said, "Yes. I still can't believe you got so far."
"Then come to my office and see. I have the partials there. Filipe, come see as well. I'm sure it will be fascinating." I broke free of Filipe and led the way to my office.
As we walked there, Evan said, "What's with the AC? It's kind of breezy in here."
Filipe and I looked at each other. He said, "It's been acting up all morning. If it doesn't settle down by tonight, I'll call someone." Meanwhile, I focused my will and dismissed the breeze I summoned earlier.
When we got to my office, I said, "Wait by the door while I get them out." I then cleared some stuff from my desk to make it flat. Then I went over and fetched them, placing them on the desk. "These printouts show what I have so far." I then lifted them, revealing the pieces. I walked back to the guys. "Evan, have a look." I waved him forward. I also saw he was fully aroused by this point. After he started forward, I placed Filipe's hand back on my breast. He knew what to do. We both watched Evan as he was focused on the tablets. We could hear him mumbling, and I guessed he was trying to read them.
After half an hour, and much using his phone to look stuff up, he finally turned back to us. "I think these might be part of the 'The Adoration of Inanna of Ur'. If it is, then it is one of the oldest found. Perhaps even the original. How is this possible? The AI program couldn't get anywhere close to this level of completeness."
I was distracted to see that he had come in his trousers, and didn't even seem to realize it. So, ignoring it, I said, "I decided to start with the pictures supplied. After a while, I realized the clay had different shades, and textures. I also realized the writing seemed to vary between a few styles. I sorted them out and came up with several groups. I went through the crates, pulling out one group, leaving the rest. With fewer pieces to deal with, it took a lot less time. As I worked, I even felt inspired. This is the result so far."
"Can I take some pictures? I want to tell the bosses about this."
"No. Or rather, not yet. Right now, they think this is a puzzle that will take forever to solve, and so are not very interested in it. The moment you indicate it has had significant solving, they will want to take it away from us. They will want the credit, and leave us in the dust."
"You are so right. They have already taken the cylindrical seals. Thankfully, you had the foresight to document the discovery and the scans. I had already logged the creation of the wax models as additions to the exhibit by that point, and sent the scans to a number of scholars, so if they try anything, the documentation will show the truth."
"Good. You may not get credit for understanding them, but we will get it for discovering it. Anyway, at the rate the tablets have been going, I think I might be done well before you have to pack the exhibit up. You might even be able to exhibit them for a bit."
"What a coup that would be. But the lion's share of the credit will be yours, not mine."
"There is more to it than that. You took a risk, and will reap the assembled tablets and what they bring. Finding employees who know when to risk is difficult, but having one is a boon. They will notice you. But there is one thing you need to work on."
"Oh?"
"Your reaction to my body has keyed you up, and the tablets made you careless. Look down." I smiled as he did.
"Shit!"
Filipe spoke up, "Follow me, I'll get you sorted."
As Filipe took him to his bathroom, I went and dressed for working on the tablet. A few minutes later, they joined me, Evan in one of Filipe's robes.
"His pants are drying now."
"I wanted to see you work."
"Actually, you can help me. Take this set of paper. It lists the third group of pieces I will work on. I need to go through all the crates and unload only those. I will call out a tag, and you tell me if it is in the list. With you handling the paperwork, I can sort faster."
He reached out and I gave him the papers. I then continued pulling out pieces and calling out tags. In less than an hour, we had gone through all the crates. With that, I explained my method of sorting out the edge pieces and then ordering the rest to make matching easier. I apologized that there was little for him to do, unless he wanted to put gloves on and join in. For a minute, I thought he might, but he shook himself, and chose not to. A few minutes later, they left.
It was slow-going at first, but once I got the edges mostly matched up in maybe a dozen segments, I started on the insides. When Filipe came to get me for dinner, he saw I had over a third filled in. Dinner was filled with mundane minutia, and it felt wonderful. After dinner, I went downstairs and worked out. Filipe joined me for a while, but left to check for his next part. We were well enough off we could retire now, but both of us enjoy work too much. And that meant looking for the next part all the time. While I had made a larger splash, I had fewer opportunities as 'normal' women only have one pair of tits. Filipe, however, had far greater variety as a character actor. He didn't get the lead often, but he managed to work in ten to fifteen films a year in various secondary roles. But that meant always looking.
When I finished, I showered, and went to bed. He was already there. We had sex, and talked about how badly I teased Evan. And to learn I did it to him twice was priceless. We chuckled at that, and soon were asleep, holding each other. In the morning, I woke early, and slipped out of bed. I was doing laps in the pool when he came out with our breakfast. I joined him, and we ate leisurely.
"Matthew visited last weekend."
"Oh, sorry I missed him."
"Given that he had a number of friends, I think that was the plan." I smiled. "I didn't want to intrude too much, but when they came out to the pool, I couldn't resist."
"Oh? Do tell. It sounds like the beginning of a good tale."
So I told him what happened. "I think he is growing into a nice young man. While his friends may razz him about me being a MILF, he handled it with aplomb. So I did my best to stay away. That's how I ended up at the museum."
"I had wondered. Are you going to work on it today?"
"Yes, all day, I think. It is interesting, and the accomplishment is satisfying, like when the director says, 'Cut. Print.' and you know he liked the take. But the satisfaction lasts longer."
"I know what you mean. Those volunteer projects we help with are like that, as well. Not very profitable for us, but immensely satisfying. Speaking of profitable, I have some interviews today, so don't hold dinner for me. I'll eat out or fend for myself tonight."
"Fend for yourself, ha. Tammy stocks the fridge well with stuff we like."
"That she does. That she does. Well, I best be getting ready, as my first one is in an hour or so."
We had both finished by then, so we brought our dishes in, then headed upstairs to dress. I got so into my work, I completely forgot lunch. I didn't come up for air until no more pieces were left that I could place. I stretched, and looked at the time. Ten at night. Oh dear, I quickly went down to the kitchen and got myself some sandwiches. I headed for the basement for my exercise, but I cut it short, as I wanted to join Filipe in bed. A quick shower, and then I dried off using the new method. Only this time, I tried to focus on control and discernment to see just how it worked. I then joined Filipe in bed and snuggled close as he was already sleeping.
The next day, rather than swim first, I made the wooden form. While the glue was setting, I went swimming, and then had breakfast. The form was ready by the time I picked it up, and I went and packed the third tablet. For the next two weeks, I continued like this. Filipe had picked up a small part, and was off again. I had just finished packing the last tablet, and set the finished tablets around me in a circle, with the leftovers beside me. Now the question was how to fit these pieces, as they did not go where I thought they should initially.
"Use the Force, Luke."
What? That came out of the blue.
"Use the Force, Luke."
Again, but this time I realized it was Inanna. "My queen, I understand what that phrase means, but the Force is part of the mythology of the film. I don't think it exists, or at least I have never encountered it. Besides, what do you know of the Force?"
"Actually, you have encountered it. When you summon the wind, you are accessing divine power. When you project your sensuality, you summon divine power. Your 'whammy' sometimes uses it also. As to knowledge, you are my daughter. I want to know about you, and what your life is like. Your acting is often in what you call 'sci-fi' and your cosplay is also. So I looked into it, and learned about its culture. It is so weird at times and closer to the truth than they know at others. And the flexibility of mind needed to comprehend it, also lends itself to comprehend the reality you found yourself in when I pulled you into the past. I had wondered why the experience didn't faze you as I expected it would."
"I see. But why use such a cryptic saying?"
"It is a powerful phrase in the culture. I learned about it months ago, and have been waiting for a suitable time. I wanted to have fun. And it is very appropriate. You want to place the objects in the way they used to be. You have the divine power of healing, and what you are doing is healing, that is, repairing damage. Think of the pieces as a broken whole, and imagine wanting to repair them. That will guide your hand, and help you to place things correctly. But be careful to keep the pieces separate, and don't 'repair' them too much, as you can actually undo the breaks. That would create a lot of questions you don't want to answer."
"You mean I could make them whole?"
"Yes. But try it out later on something else, unless you want to raise questions. Now have fun."
"Thank you, my Queen."
I picked up the first piece, and closed my eyes. Meditating, I focused my desire on finding its home. A feeling of a location slowly emerged, and I moved my hand to where it felt the best. Opening my eyes, I saw it was over an open space, so I carefully placed it there. I repeated this several more times, and it got easier each time. Then I came on a piece that wanted to be where another already was. So I set aside the one I was working on and picked up the one in the way and focused on it. It didn't belong there.
I was about to move it when I realized I had the tag number on the paper under it and on the master. I put both pieces aside and got the paper masters. I crossed out the incorrect tag on both papers, and put the correct one in. Then I moved the correct piece into place before working on the displaced piece. I soon got into a rhythm, but I was dismayed at how many I had gotten wrong. Yet at the end of the day, I had placed all but five pieces, and I had over ninety-five percent of each tablet. I made a final pass over each tablet, feeling each piece and assuring it was in the correct place.
The next day, I carefully extracted each tablet and put it all together by itself to make new paper patterns. While that went fast, it took the rest of the day to fabricate the forms. I called Evan to come the next afternoon to pick them up. Until then, I spent the time packing them for travel, and then waiting for Evan.
"You're finished? I can hardly wait to see them."
"Sorry, but you will have to wait some more. They are packed for travel. Come, you can bring down the empty crates while I bring down the packed forms. Oh, there were a few leftovers, and some missing bits, but I think you will be pleasantly surprised."
"You're killing me. Okay, lead the way."
I brought him to the spare room, and pointed out the smallest crate. "That has the leftovers. The rest have the old packing material I couldn't use and such. Nothing of historical value. While you clear out this room, I will bring the packed tablets to your truck."
We spent the next half hour loading it. We couldn't fit all the crates in. "Evan, let's leave the extra empties here for now and pick them up later."
"Yeah. They won't all fit, so that's probably best. I guess I'll have to wait another hour before I can even see the first one."
"Well... maybe not." I typed on my phone, and his dinged. "Read your email."
"Woah! Nine tablets? Wow. We thought there was only enough for six."
"When I first examined them, I felt there was enough for eight, but the sorting technique I use came up with nine. Keep scrolling."
"Nice. Hi-res pictures of each. Oh! Layouts with tag numbers. That'll help keep them straight. That is a lot of work."
"You did help some."
"Yeah, you read tags and I looked them up and said yes or no. Some help."
"You saved me at least an hour. And it did help. If you want to list yourself as assisting me, I won't mind. Now, stop looking at your phone. Time to get moving." I got into the passenger seat, and adjusted it as best I could. When we got to the museum, he got some helpers to assist. I got to watch as he played a little dictator, getting everything just right. The big moment came, and he asked me to reveal my work. All the helpers were in the room, knowing something important was about to happen.
I opened each form, but did not uncover it until they were all ready. "And now, prepare for a wonder. Ta-da!" I lifted the first cover and placed it against the wall. "Ta-da!" Second cover. I had seven more. Then I stepped back, and quietly told Evan, "While they are separated now, they are in the correct position. I'll leave it to you to assemble them for display. Enjoy your work." I just quietly enjoyed his look of bliss. He truly was interested in archaeology, and this meant a lot to him.
Suddenly, he turned around and hugged me. "Thank you so much."
"My pleasure, but remember what I said about focusing on work too much?"
"Yeah?"
"Your head is pressing my breast."
He quickly broke the hug and backed off. "I'm so sorry."
"It's okay. No harm done. Besides, seeing you this flustered is fun."
"You!"
I just smiled.
"Oh, never mind."
We basked in their glory for nearly an hour when Evan said, "Okay, everyone, show's over. We'll begin work on these tomorrow." Even started recovering them, and I assisted him.
When he was dropping me off, I suggested we load the rest of the empties, and he could unload tomorrow without having to come and fetch them on a separate trip. He agreed, and we loaded the truck.
A few days later, I got word that our director was scheduled to return to the set in two weeks. I had intended to get back to the set early, to help get things organized, but Evan screwed up those plans by announcing the assembly of the tablets. The next few days they were in the news, and there was lots of speculation about them. Evan got commended for taking the risk, and he in turn convinced them to pay me not only for the forms I made, but also for my time. He got me paid as an expert re-assembler, working full time while I had the tablets. So I invited him to dine with us at a fancy restaurant. He told me he is recommending me to be a guest speaker to a local university with a good archaeology program. He thinks the tablets and the translation will be enough to 'authenticate' my credentials in the field.
Those events are so formal; I wondered what I would wear.
But that is another story...