To the delusional amongst us: Remember that my stories are the fantasies of my sick mind, and are written for the enjoyment of adults. Enjoy.
*
Ann and I were back at her folk's house. We were having a nice long loving fuck as she told me about her adventures at the shop on the boardwalk. We hadn't talked much on the way back from the boardwalk cause she dozed in the car. After she had recovered from her orgasm, she wiped the cum from her face and fixed her suit to cover her as much as possible. She hastily grabbed the little cover up and pulled it over her body to get as much cover as possible. She was blushing furiously as she came over to give me a hug. I asked her why I didn't get a kiss.
She averted her eyes as she said "You know why." I turned her face to mine and gave her a long deep kiss. I knew I could taste Chris's come on her tongue. The guys looked at me like I had three heads.
As I was stroking my dick in her she looked up into my eyes and apologized for being such a slut for her friends. She said she just couldn't help herself.
"Honey, the only thing you've done is make me even hotter for you." I said as I continued to stroke my dick in her.
She brought my head down to suckle her tit as she whispered in my ear that the guys had put their fingers in her ass again and she was really beginning to enjoy the feeling. The thought of these big rough guys playing with my little girlfriend's tender virgin asshole was enough to make me shoot my load into her snatch.
"Wow honey, you really must be turned on by all this. You came so soon and I haven't even come yet!"
"I can't tell you how much this is turning me on baby."
"I'm still really horny. Eat me baby." She pushed me down with her hands till my mouth was right on her clean shaven little snatch. "You didn't seem to mind eating Chris's cum, so you shouldn't mind your own."
I started licking her pussy, spreading the wetness from between her lips up onto her clit and swirling my tongue around and under her throbbing clit. Her hips started to buck as I sucked her clit between my lips. "Ooohh honey, I can feel your come running down to my ass!" she said, as she rolled over and knelt in front of me. "Hurry Richard, finish cleaning me up." She said as she spread her legs and stuck her ass in my face. My dick started to revive as I saw what she wanted. I spread her ass cheeks, stuck my tongue in her dripping snatch and used my tongue to bring a fresh gob of her fluids up to her asshole. I could hear her breath quickening as I began to rim her soaking asshole and poke my tongue into her rosebud.
"Use your fingers." Ann whispered.
I knelt up on the bed and set one hand on her ass and one hand on her cunt. I started to rub her pussy with one hand while I slowly inserted my forefinger into her asshole. She reached for my stiffening dick as she said "That's just what they did to me." She was starting to pant and she was yanking me to another hardon.
"Who did this to you baby?"
"Chris rubbed my pussy while Kurt fingered my ass."
Oh fuck I thought to myself as my dick went back to rock hard. I moved in to lick her asshole some more and she had to let go of my dick. I had my tongue planted firmly in her asshole, stroking her pussy with my fingers when she said something that shocked the hell out of me. She was really heating up and she said "Honey, I want you to fuck me in the ass. Go get the baby oil from the bathroom."
My dick was back to its full 6" as I ran into the bathroom to grab the bottle off the shelf. I squeezed some onto my hand and stroked my cock with the slick oil as I looked over at my girlfriend with her head on the pillow and her ass stuck up in the air. "Baby, you've never let me have your ass before, how come now, all of a sudden? Not that I don't WANT to fuck your sweet ass, mind you."
Ann wiggled her ass and said "Hurry, I'm so hot."
I got on the bed behind her and used one hand to swipe some cum out of her cunt and run it into her asshole with two of my fingers. I continued to stroke my rigid dick as I opened her up with my two fingers. She moaned out loud as she pushed her ass back onto my intruding fingers.
"You know honey, with all the attention the guys have been paying to my ass, I want to make sure you get my cherry, before something bad happens. After all, you are the love of my life. I want to make sure that the first man to fuck my ass is someone who loves me."
I brought my rock hard dick to her little opening, held it against her and started to push. She moaned as the head of my dick started to open her back passage. I pushed harder and started to slide forward again and her slicked up bud opened enough for the head of my dick to slide inside. She yelled out for me to stop and I froze there with just the head of my dick in her asshole. I could feel the muscles of her asshole squeezing my dick as she tried to accommodate this penetration. Her head was thrashing on the bed and she was starting to pant and I decided to give her a little more. I pulled back just a little then slid another two inches into her hole. "Oh fuck, it hurts a little, but it feels soo good. Go ahead, fuck me some more." I drew back a little and thrust slowly into her again. "Oh honey, you're opening me up so good." I saw her reach down and start to play with her pussy as I sawed my dick further into her ass.
As I bottomed out in her bowels, she said "Oh god honey, it feels soo good! Fuck me, baby. Fuck my ass good. Make me come in my ass. Shoot your load in my hot fuckin ass." She started to buck her ass on my cock, so I started taking long slow strokes into and out of her ass. I could feel her orgasm starting as she continued to buck and thrash around. "Oh god I'm cumming!" she said as I continued to pump my hard dick into her tight ass. Her excitement and the tightness of this new penetration had me rapidly approaching my own orgasm. She continued to hump back onto my dick as I started to dump my load into her bowels.
"Oh baby, I can feel you squirting into my ass! It's soo hot!" she said as she came again.
I took her into my arms as we collapsed onto the bed.
"Thank you for opening my ass for me honey." she said. "It hurt a little, but then started to feel real good. And that was just with your little dick. I can't imagine if Mike, Pete or Kurt had been the first to open me up. Their dicks are so much bigger than yours."
And with those words ringing in my ears, my beautiful assfucked girlfriend fell asleep in my arms.
This was summer vacation and since I had a job to go to, I had to leave bright and early the next morning to get home in time to go to work. I had a job working 3-11 as a security guard in an industrial complex. Ann and I were having a long hot embrace goodbye, and I kissed her and looked her in the eye and asked her if it was true, what she had said the night before. She looked confused until I said "About their cocks." She went crimson, and her nipples visibly stiffened. I ran my hand into her robe and put a finger between her pussy lips. She was dripping wet.
"Yes," she said. She looked down at my hand between her legs, spread her legs to allow me easier access, and said, "I'm sorry, but it's the truth. That doesn't mean I love you any less." She pulled me to her for another soft kiss and said "I may like playing with the guys, but I love only you."
I asked her to at least tell me what my competition was and she sighed and rolled her eyes and said ok, if I really wanted to know. She reminded me that I had obviously already seen Mike's massive cock on the beach. Yes, I had seen that I admitted. I don't think I would ever forget the sight of Ann, naked on the beach, working to impale herself on Mike's big thick rod. His dick was probably twice the size of my thin 6" dick. Maybe 3 times as thick. Ann could close her fingers around my dick with her fingertips overlapping her knuckles. Ann's fingertips weren't even close to coming together when she wrapped her hand around Mike's meat. She told me that Kurt's dick was just a little longer than mine, and thicker, though nowhere near Mike thick. "And you've already seen Pete, and now Chris, in the changing booth." she said. I told her that I didn't really get a good look at anything but her slutty self in the shop on the boardwalk. So she told me that Chris was around 7", medium thick with a beautiful mushroom head on it and Pete's cock had to be a good solid 8". "And I do mean solid!" she added with a smile. She reached for my growing little boner and rubbed it and said "Don't worry honey, I'll come home to you as long as you still want me."
"I'll always want you, you hot little slut." I said as I broke away and started for my car. She leaned in the window and kissed me one more time as I shifted the car into gear and said "See you next weekend, save some for me, ok?"
"It's all for you, lover." Were her last words as I pulled away.
Life at home with the folks sucked after having lived on campus. Work as a security guard was ok as all I had to do was patrol a factory and its parking lot every couple of hours. My mind continued to replay the events of the previous weekend as I pined for my 5'4" little Italian cutie. Remember in those days there were no cell phones, so I only got to talk to her a couple of times from the phone at my parents' house. The calls were stunted and too short as I had to sit at the kitchen table to talk with my mother hovering about, reminding me that I wasn't the one paying the long distance charges.
"Hi honey, when are you coming down?" she said.
"Well, I work till midnight Friday, then I gotta do a couple of things Sat, after I wake up. I'll probably get there around dinner time."I told her.
"That's great honey. The guys asked me out to dinner Saturday nite, and I'm sure they would love to have you join us."
"Oh, I'm sure!"I said with some sarcasm.
"Well, I want you, so they'll just have to agree. Come to my house, the guys will pick us up here."
"OK, I love you and I'll see you then." I said as I hung up the phone. I was getting hard just thinkin about it.
I got to her house late Sat afternoon and she ran out the front door to meet me at the street. She gave me a big hug as she told me how much she had missed me. She brought me into the house and led me to the apartment at the back as I said hello to her mom and dad. They let us stay in the apartment out back because they figured we wouldn't do anything we couldn't already do in the dorm or somewhere else. They were really cool parents.
As we closed the door behind us, she threw herself into my arms and we started kissing and groping. She told me how much she missed me as she rubbed her shorts covered crotch against my denim covered hardon. She suddenly dropped to her knees before me and ripped my jeans open and pulled them down my legs, and as she reached up to drag down my jockey shorts I said "Hey, what's all this? I thought you didn't like sucking cock." I said as my dick threatened to put out her eye.
She dove onto my cock and took it all the way into her mouth, closed her lips around the base and swirled her tongue around my entire cock as she withdrew her wet lips. She looked up into my eyes, and between licks and sucks on the head of my dick, she said "I've...changed...my...mind ...about...sucking ...cock..."
She sure had improved since the last time she sucked me. She all of a sudden had no reservation about loving my dick. She was no longer as, hesitant, as she used to be. I guessed that she may have practiced again since last weekend. All the better for me, I thought, as I put my hands in her thick hair and began to fuck her face. I reached down and played with her tits through her shirt as I shot my load directly into her mouth. She looked into my eyes and opened her mouth as I stroked the last few drops of my load onto her tongue.
She licked her lips, swallowed and stood up and French kissed me. I could taste my load on her tongue. She asked me if I liked the taste, and I told her it wasn't too bad. She told me that was a good thing as I may very well get to taste some more before the night was out. I started to ask her what she meant by that as she put her finger to my lips to shush me and told me that we had less than 2 hrs to go before the guys came to get her for dinner. She said I should shower first, and then she would get ready.
I gave her a peck on the lips and dutifully headed for the shower. She was waiting in her little cotton robe when I came out, and I reached in to touch her pussy a little as she passed. I could feel a little stubble on her mound. "Don't worry, I'll shave it smooth." She said as she gave me a kiss on the cheek and headed for the bathroom.
I puttered around a little and got dressed. She told me to evacuate the area as she wanted the final package to be a surprise for me. I went into the sitting room and turned on the TV while she continued getting ready. "Where are we going for dinner?" I asked her through the bedroom door.
"The guys were talking about The Aztec, on the boardwalk." she said.
"That's fine by me." I said. Hell, it was a bar with food, pinball machines, video games and pool tables. Add a bunch of hot beach bodies on a Saturday nite and it was party central.
Ann was taking as long as any hot woman can to get ready and I was just chillin, watching the tube and sucking on a beer when I heard a loud "KNOCK< KNOCK< KNOCK" on the back door. I got up to see who it was and sure enough it was Mike, Pete and Kurt. I opened the door and asked the guys in as I said, "Hi guys, Ann's still getting ready."
Mike was obviously a little put off at my presence as he said "Dude, what are you doing here?"
Pete and Kurt just kinda nodded at me as I said "I came down to spend the weekend with Ann. She told me about you taking us all out for dinner. She didn't think you'd mind one more."
Pete smiled his shark grin at me and said "Hey, we don't mind if she don't mind."
"GOOD, then that's settled. Come on in. Ann should be right out. Anybody want a beer?"
All the guys wanted a beer, and I got them out of the fridge and served them. We were all chatting amiably about our plans when Ann made her appearance. "Hi guys!" she exclaimed, as she came into the room and started to give hugs to her 3 high school friends. There were four instant hardons in that room, 3 of which were rubbed up against Ann's crotch, as we all took my girlfriends outfit in.
I don't know if what she had on qualified as a dress, but since she was WEARING it as a dress, I guess that's what we'll call it. It was black and sheer. I'm sure it was another beach cover up that Chris had convinced her was a dress. There was a pattern to the material, but there was enough sheer material that Ann didn't have any secrets. It was a wrap around style, held together at the waist by an inside button and string closure, and a tie on belt. It draped down between her breasts to the waist, where the dress came together. From the closure at the waist down, the material widened steadily from the crotch down to mid thigh. It was very frilly. She had a sheer black bra on underneath the dress, and still the shadows of her nipples were visible. I turned her towards me and lifted the short skirt to see what she had on underneath. It looked like a tiny black patch of pubic hair. Knowing she had shaved her pussy, I got hard again as I realized she was wearing a pair of black lace panties held together by tiny strings. The lace was open enough to allow peeks at her naked pussy, but if you just caught a glimpse of it when the dress flashed open, you got the impression that you were seeing her pubes. I could hardly believe that we were thinking of going to THIS bar with Ann in THIS outfit.
I steered Ann away from the other guys and sat her down on a kitchen chair. She looked up at me with a concerned look on her face. I could see the guys conscientiously giving us some space. I looked down at Ann in her see through dress. Her sheer bra was clearly visible above her waist, and the skirt was split to the tops of her thighs as she sat. "Spread your legs." I said, as I leaned down and ran my hand up her dress. My fingers ran up her thigh till they ran right into a wet spread pussy, with a string running through it. I pulled her hips forward to the edge of her chair and followed the string down to her asshole. I found her asshole had a butt plug in it!
I looked at her in surprise and she whispered to me that Chris made her wear it, and she would explain later. She begged me not to say anything to the others as I was the only one who knew. I asked her if she was sure she wanted to go to the bar dressed like this. She again gave me that concerned look and said "I don't know. Let's ask Mike, he knows this bar."
She pushed me back, stood up and walked over to the guys. She rubbed up against Mikes large frame and said "What do you think Mike? Is it ok if I wear this to the bar?"
Mike looked down into Ann's face, stroked her cheek, and said "Baby you are HOT! Isn't she hot guys?"
Pete and Kurt took turns holding her at arm's length, and spinning her around so her little skirt lifted up to show her naked ass and new pubic hair. Everyone thought it was a wonderful outfit. I said, "OK, let's go then. Lead on Mike."
"You bet I will!" said Mike as he looked me in the eyes, took my girlfriend in his arm and guided her out the door to his car. Kurt and Pete followed dutifully behind Mike, eyeing glimpses of Ann's naked ass on the way to Mike's car. I was left to close the doors behind us as everyone headed out.
We got to the car and I realized it was an open air Jeep. This Wrangler was noticeably higher up than the average Jeep. "Rich, why don't you sit up front with me, so you can learn your way around here." Mike said to me. I watched Pete climb up into the back of the Jeep and then watched Kurt with his hands squarely on Ann's naked ass as he helped her up into Pete's arms. I saw Pete make sure that he lifted Ann's skirt so she sat her naked ass down squarely in the middle of the small back seat. Kurt jumped into the back as they sat themselves on either side of my girlfriend. Kurt pulled the seat down for me so I could climb into the front. Mike swung up into the driver's seat, and we were off.
It was breezy to begin with, but as soon as we hit the highway it got much worse. I knew we had about a half hour drive. Mike told me to find something good on the radio and I turned it on and started to look through his tapes. I looked back to check up on Ann and saw her holding hands and talking to Pete. Her dress wasn't holding up to the breeze very well, and she couldn't seem to keep it covering her while holding Pete's hand down on the seat. I looked at Kurt, and he met my gaze and seemed to realize the problem. I saw him leaning in to help Ann with her dress and I smiled and went back to looking at the tapes.
I found some good Pink Floyd, and as I was loading it into the cassette deck, I happened to glance at Mike and saw his eyes looking into the rear view mirror. I sat up and flipped down my visor to see if I had a mirror too and, lo and behold, I did. I glanced into the mirror and had a clear view of Ann's tits, in just the sheer bra. I turned around and looked in the back and was surprised to see that Ann's arms were now being held in the crotches of Pete and Kurt. This left her no way to keep the dress together in the middle of the windy Jeep seat.
Since she wasn't sitting on the back of the skirt, it was billowing up over her ass cheeks, and the front was flapping open to the string clasp at the waist. The belt had obviously loosened when she sat down, and now the top was also flying open, fully exposing her tits in the sheer bra to anyone that might be looking. And raised up as she was in the back of the open air Jeep, plenty of people could see her as there was lots of traffic around us.
Not seeing that I could help her situation, I began to look around at the people in the traffic around us. As exposed as we were, it didn't seem that many people were taking notice of Ann's condition. Oncoming traffic was too fast to do more than catch a quick glance and wonder if they had really seen what they thought they saw. We were too high for the cars that we passed to see, but the guys in pickups and trucks definitely got a great view if they looked. I saw plenty looking. I saw Mike looking too.
"Dude, can you drive? Your girlfriend is gonna make me have an accident." Mike said, with a shit eatin grin on his face.
"Sure, if I hafta'." I said.
"OK, I need gas anyway."
Mike pulled into the next station and up to the pumps. We swapped places as he tossed me the keys and told the attendant to fill it up. I thought the attendants eyes were gonna pop out of his head, as he saw my nearly naked girlfriend.
I saw Ann pulling herself together in the back as she asked us what was up. "I needed gas and Rich wanted to drive the Jeep." Mike said as he climbed into the passenger seat. He turned to look at Ann as he winked and said "Don't worry about it. You guys can go back to what you were doing."
I saw Ann give Mike a little smile as she settled back in between Pete and Kurt. I turned the key and we were off again. Wasn't more than a few minutes before I got used to the big Jeep and took a look into the rear view to check on Ann.
I couldn't believe what my eyes saw in the mirror. Ann's dress was spread worse than it was when we stopped for gas. The sides of her dress had been pulled completely open. Either the button at the waist had been undone or the little string had broke from the force of the wind. Ann's hands were still planted in the guys' crotches, rubbing their hard cocks, but the guys were no longer holding Ann's hands there. Her hands were there of their own volition. This left the guys hands free to divest Ann of her dress.
Mike asked me if I knew where we were going and I told him I did. That was all the excuse he needed to direct all his attention to the goings on in the back seat. Now that Ann's dress was completely open to anyone looking our way, Pete and Kurt proceeded to lift the cups of Ann's sheer bra up off her tits, so they could each lean in and suck and bite her nipples. I adjusted the rear view down so I could see Mikes hand as it approached her crotch. Mike took her left leg and lifted it up and over Pete's right leg. He then guided her right leg onto Kurt's left leg. This completely opened Ann's crotch to Mikes view and mine.
I swear if I didn't know her shaved pussy like I know my own dick, I would have thought that this chick was flashing me her pubes. Didn't take long before I saw that pussy that I knew so well. Mike had stretched the crotch of her little panties over to the left, baring her red swollen pussy to all our view. I saw Mike wet his finger, though he probably didn't need to, before he sank it right into my girlfriends little pussy. I could hear Ann holler out over the Pink Floyd as she bucked her hand on Mike's finger. We were getting close to the boardwalk now and I suggested that it might be a good idea to let Ann get dressed, as we were gonna hit traffic and pedestrians soon.
Ann was incoherent as she now had a pecker in each hand and a finger in her twat. She was rapidly approaching orgasm as she had her cunt and both tits played with. It was at this point that Mike felt the butt plug.
"What the fuck is this shit?" he said loud enough for all to hear. His finger had touched the plug through her ass membrane while he fingered her.
This was very bad timing for this. We had just turned onto the street that paralleled the boardwalk. We were stuck in northbound gridlock with cars and pedestrians all around us. Mike told Pete and Kurt to spread Ann's legs more so he could examine her better. The guys lifted and separated Ann's legs so they were sticking up in the air, attracting attention. Mike leaned into Ann's spread crotch and took hold of the little nub stickin from out of her asshole. He began to slightly tug it and spin it as his other hand reached up to stroke her clit. "Where'd you get this, little slut?"
"Oh God!" Ann said breathlessly as he started to stroke her clit and play with her butt plug. "Chris gave it to me when I got this dress."
"He gave it to you, huh?" Mike said, as he began to work it out of her ass.
"Well, not really. He put it in my but while he was helping me pick out a dress." She confessed as Mike continued to work it out of her rectum while he rubbed her clit.
We (I mean Ann) were beginning to really draw attention, as the traffic opened up and we began to slowly roll forward. Pete and Kurt had lowered her legs back down by this time but each had one hand on a tit, and one hand on her inner thigh. Ann had become somewhat aware of her surroundings and had her hands on the guys' pricks, rubbing them rather than stroking them like flags raised for public salute. She was still bucking her hips as Mike rubbed her now swollen clit. Every once in a while she would raise her cunt high enough to be seen above the bucket of the Jeep. People walking by were looking and pointing. Ann was beyond caring as Mike stuck his head between the seats and was licking her pussy as he fingered her. Pete and Kurt were busy tweaking her nipples in full view of everyone.
We had just arrived at the restaurants parking lot and were about to get the ticket from the attendant when Mike ran his finger into Ann's well lubed but. This was just enough stimulation to push Ann over the edge into a massive orgasm. As she cried out loud and bucked on Mike's face, Pete and Kurt sat up and left her breasts on full view of everyone in the parking lot as I stopped to get the ticket from the attendant.
I'm sure Ann heard the attendant as he said "She does have clothes, doesn't she? She needs clothes to get in." I assured him that she did indeed have clothes, they just seem to have suffered from the force of the wind.
"Sure." He said as he saw Ann become aware of his presence and the fact that he was staring at her beautiful nudity. Ann made a half hearted attempt to pull her clothes on as we drove into the busy parking lot, but she was still recovering from her orgasm.
Mike pulled her panties back into place and Pete and Kurt fixed her bra. Kurt leapt out of the back of the Jeep and reached his hands up to help her down. Ann stood up and pulled the dress as closed as possible. She didn't bother with the button, just tied the belt on as best as possible as she let Kurt lower her to the ground. I saw heads turning all around us as the dress sailed up, giving onlookers a good view of her naked ass and "bush". As Pete climbed to the ground, I tossed the keys to Mike and told him to lead on. He put his arm possessively around Ann's waist as he led us into The Aztec Lounge.
It quickly became apparent that the guys had spent some time in the Aztec. They said many a hello to this guy and that as we worked our way into the fairly crowded but not packed club. What rapidly became obvious was a lot of the people were saying hello to Ann as well, and she was mortified. Eyes were checking out every centimeter of Ann's exposure, as she was led by Mike to face one guy or another as they all expressed pleasure at seeing her. It was like some sort of erotic high school reunion, and my girlfriend was the center of attention in her see through dress.
I saw Pete waving his hand at us, as he and Kurt had managed to secure us a high table over toward the wall. The guys had politely asked the two guys that had been sitting there to move to make way for the 5 of us. As the two guys were giving us dirty looks, Pete was pulling another barstool over to the table so now there were 5 stools.
As we waited for Ann and Mike to be released from their friend's attention we climbed on to the high stools surrounding this table. I noticed Kurt and Pete kept a stool open between them, against the wall. That left 2 stools empty facing the wall. As Ann and Mike caught up with us, I watched as Pete stood up and Mike handed him Ann's hand. Pete guided her onto the stool between him and Kurt, facing the bar. I could see her skirt split to the top of her thighs as she climbed up onto the barstool. Anyone who happened to be watching, and plenty of people were watching, could catch glimpses of her "bush".
As Mike settled down onto the stool next to me, he handed me his Amex card and said "I'm buyin if you're flyin'." I nodded and asked what we all wanted.
Kurt said they make killer Margaritas in this place. We all decided that a pitcher of Margaritas and a round of tequila shots to get the party started were in order. Seemed to me that the party was already well under way, but I had a lot to learn about drunken partyin.
Ann spoke up and asked for a coke, and we all gave her the hairy eyeball. Almost simultaneously, Mike and I said, "Baby you are gonna love Margaritas." Ann looked into Mike's eyes and agreed to try them, then looked at me and asked me to bring her a glass of water in case she hated them.
It took me a few minutes to get served as the 2 bartenders were both busy as hell. One bartender took my order and offered to run us a tab. I told him to put the food on it as well and he told me that I could order food from him and pick it up at the bar when it came out. I told him that would be fine. He gave me menus and a glass of water, and started pouring us some big fuckin shots of Jose Cuervo.
I brought the menus and water back to the table, and noticed a few extra guys around the table as I came back. One was sitting in my seat and started to get up as I came back to the table, but I waved him off and told him to sit as I still had a few trips to make. He smiled and nodded his head, sat back down and his head swiveled to the juncture of Ann's legs under the table. I followed his gaze and saw that Ann was now sitting with her feet up on the rungs of her barstool. She looked at me and smiled as I handed her the water. I returned to the bar, and she returned her attention to the guys she was chatting with so happily.
As I came back to the table from my second trip to the bar, my eyes were on my beautiful girlfriend sitting up on a barstool entertaining 6 guys with her tits almost on full view and a skirt split to the tops of her thighs. Pete and Kurt each had a hand high up on Ann's thighs, brushing the bottom of her dress up just a bit. Ann seemed very animated as she spoke to so many male friends from her past. All eyes were on my honey as I proceeded to lay out the round of shots and the lime and salt. Ann caught my eye and smiled shyly at me and mouthed "love you" at me as she returned her attention to her admirers. I returned to the bar to fetch Margaritas and glasses.
As I returned with the pitcher of ritas and started to fill 5 glasses, my eyes caught sight of Ann's crotch. Pete and Kurt had her dress spread wide apart over her thigh, and her "pubic hair" was clearly on display to most of the guys around the table. With the strings hidden by her thigh creases, the black lacy crotch of her panties looked just like hair. She was very comfortable with her feet on the barstools' footrest, leaning over the table with her knees spread slightly apart, chatting with the guys. I know she could feel the guys hands on her thighs, but I don't think she realized that they had pulled her dress open "below the belt" so to speak.
I looked up and caught Pete's eyes and he smiled at me as he ran his hand down Ann's thigh and right back up to her crotch. The guy in my seat moved so I could sit. He headed off to the bar, but before too long he was back standing behind me, friend in tow, for more of what was rapidly becoming another Ann show.
My return seemed to change the focus of the moment, and we all picked up our Margaritas and drank a cheer to "Fun and happiness amongst friends!" Ann reached out to clink glasses with all the guys, and I noticed how exposed her tits were through the sheer top. Many sets of eyes were focused on her exposed tits. All eyes seemed to be on Ann as she put the margarita up to her lips, sniffed and took a sip. Ann rarely drinks alcohol, but the good rita worked for her that night. Once it passed the initial test, Ann started to suck it down like coke.
Mike stood up and picked up his tequila shot and held it up and looked around at us all. He said, "Let's drink a toast to our Annie." We all agreed that was a good idea and raised our shot glasses. Ann blushed at the attention and picked up her shot glass. We all licked and salted our wrists and got our lime wedges ready. Ann watched the proceedings and almost spilled her shot as Kurt leaned in and licked her wrist while Pete salted her. Mike put a lime down in front of her. He looked her in the eyes and said "Watch closely, cause you have to do this next." He lifted his glass and said "To Ann!" and we all followed with a rousing "To Ann!" licked our salt, shot our tequila, and bit our limes.
As we slammed our glasses back onto the table, we all turned our attention to Ann, still holding her shot. Ann scanned our eyes as she slowly licked her wrist, threw her shot, and bit her lime. The guys all cheered my honey as she grimaced and reached for her margarita to wash the shot down.
Ann looked around proudly at her admirers and said "That wasn't too bad." They all encouraged her and offered to buy her more shots, but she waved the guys off and said maybe later. We discussed the food issue, and I had to run to the bar to place our order. As I got back to the table I noticed that Pete and Kurt had gotten up and 2 guys I didn't know (but Ann apparently did) sat down on either side of Ann. My view was divided between the bar and my very hot girlfriend.
I was watching the bar hoping desperately for one of our appetizers to appear, because as I watched Ann chatting with these high school friends of hers, I was seeing the effects of all this tequila on her empty stomach, plus all the erotic stimulation. These guys had immediately placed their hands at the tops of her thighs and were rubbing around her inner thighs as they slowly worked her legs further apart. As she reached down to restrain their wandering hands, other male admirers were moving in around the back of Ann's stool and had their hands resting on her shoulders as they talked to her.
Mike was watching all this like a general watching his troops move on a battlefield. He saw me watching him and waved the empty margarita pitcher and asked me to go get a refill. I caught Ann's eye as I got up to head to the bar and she smiled shyly at me as the two guys behind her started to run their hands from her shoulders down over her upper chest and into the top of her dress. I noticed that with her hands trying to restrain the guys sitting next to her, it was impossible for her to prevent the creeping hands from above. As I turned to head to the bar, I saw her turn a panicked eye toward Mike, but he was busy talking to a hot blonde that had wandered over to him.
It took me a few minutes to get the bartenders attention and as he took the pitcher from me he told me to hold on, my appetizers were ready. I waited anxiously as he brought me two plates of food and told me to come back for the third. I brought the food to the table just in time. I could see that both of the guys standing behind Ann had succeeded in getting her top spread wide enough for both of her breasts to be exposed in the cups of her sheer black bra. Pete and Kurt had returned to the table and replaced the guys on either side of Ann. Everyone started in on the food and a feeding frenzy ensued while I went back to the bar and returned with another plate of food and a fresh pitcher of margaritas.
Ann looked up at me and lifted and wiggled her empty glass at me, signaling that she had been a good girl and drank all of her drink and needed a refill. I smiled back at her and was happy to see that she was eating something. She seemed to be very happy about seeing all of these guy friends from her past. I was rather suspicious that there were no girls from her past, but if she was happy, I was happy. Once the guys saw me refilling Ann's glass, they held out their glasses so I could serve them as well. I filled my own glass last, and that left the pitcher very low again.
The blonde chick had sat in my seat next to Mike, and I could see that Ann was pretty pissed off that he was giving her more attention that he was giving Ann. Ann got up and slid out from between Pete and Kurt, pressed herself against me and asked me if I wanted to play some pinball. I said sure and offered to get some quarters from the bar. She said she needed to pee and would meet me in the arcade area.
I got 2 bucks worth of quarters and headed for pinball. As I got to an open machine, I saw Pete and Kurt heading my way. They joined me and said they had been playing this machine just a little bit ago and asked if they could play too.
I said sure and proceeded to pump in some quarters and set up for 4 players. Pete decided he wanted to go first, so as he played, I started watching for Ann. Pete lost his ball and Kurt looked to me to see if I wanted to go, but I waved him on as I saw Ann heading our way. I walked over to guide Ann over to us and saw the look of disappointment on her face as she realized that the guys had horned in on our game. I also noticed that she had removed her bra. Thinking that she had done it for me, I put my arm around her and pulled her in for a kiss as I reached up a hand to play with her now almost naked breasts.
As I was fondling her, Kurt came up behind me and told me it was my turn. I turned to play, and Kurt replaced me in Ann's arms and proceeded to give her a long kiss as he ran his hand onto her breasts inside the top of her dress. I could see Pete approaching Ann's other side through the corner of my eye as I lost track and dumped the ball. I backed away and called Ann over to the machine.
As she took her place at the machine, the lights of the machine really highlighted how naked her tits were beneath her make believe dress. The guys at the machines on either side of ours stopped playing long enough to watch as Ann played her ball. The guys crowded in on both sides of Ann while she played her ball. They cheered her on and gave her hints as she actively played the machine. Since both of her hands were busy, I could see the guys furtively giving her dress little jerks from each side as she leaned on the machine. When she drained and stepped back from the machine, I wasn't the only guy to notice that her dress had split open wide enough to enable us all to see her white flesh shining down the center of her black dress.
Ann turned to face me as Pete stepped up to take his turn. She stepped into my arms, pressing her nakedness against me. I held her away from me and let my finger start at her throat and work its way all the way down her naked front to her little panties. She stared into my eyes as I reached down and sank my finger into the wetness just behind the cloth covering her mons. Just as she was getting into me running my finger through her sopping wet cunt, Pete told me it was my turn to play. I was tempted to tell him I was already playing, but I pulled my hand from Ann's pussy and headed to the game. I started playing the game, and Pete and Kurt started playing Ann.
I could see them pulling her dress further apart, widening the white spread of flesh between the black wings of her dress as they stood on either side of her while she stood facing me, watching me play. I was having a very good ball, and as I played it, I watched them playing with her tits and reaching down to run their fingers through her crotch. The distractions got the better of me and I lost my ball. As I stepped back, I watched Ann step up to play her ball.
Every one of the ten or so guys that were hanging around in the arcade area stopped what they were doing to watch Ann as she leaned over to grab the controls of the machine. The sides of her small dress were now hanging away from her front, baring both breasts to the view of anyone watching from in front or beside her.
The guys behind her were now brave enough to start playing with her naked ass as she played her ball. Her tits shook and wobbled from side to side freely as she worked the machine. They began to swing clear of the front of her gaping dress as she pushed and pulled on the machine. The guys behind her realized she was wearing a tiny g string and began to work it down her hips. She was playing a killer ball until 2 guys reached around from behind her and grabbed hold of her naked tits. This distraction caused her to lose her ball. She shook off the guys and came to me for another kiss. Her dress was wide open now, and she was making no move to close it. My baby was very drunk.
I hugged her and reached around behind her to spread her asscheeks. I put my finger against her little butthole and I could feel her pushing against my finger. Before I could go any further I was called away to play my last ball.
I started to play my ball, and heard Mike saying "Where's my little Annie?" He walked up and started to kiss her and apologize for ignoring her as he had to talk to his sisters' friend Pam. Out of the corner of my eye, it looked like Ann was smiling up at him and all was forgiven as he ran his hands possessively over her exposed body. I saw him standing behind her and playing with her ass with one hand as he reached over and stuck his other hand right down the front of her panties. I lost my ball cause my attention had shifted from my ball to my rapidly heating up girlfriend.
I stepped back from the machine, and watched Ann step up to play her last ball. Mike decided he wanted to help her play, and he stood right behind her and rubbed his big cock against her ass as she started to play. The other guys watching the Ann show were obviously disappointed that they weren't going to get to feel up her ass again. Mike reached down and pulled the strings of her panties out the sides of her dress and caught their eyes as he proceeded to pull her panties down below the bottom of her dress. Ann continued to play her ball as if nothing was happening. The guys on either side of Ann caught onto what was the next step, and they hooked their fingers into the strings of her panties and dragged them down her legs.
Ann was studiously ignoring her naked twat coming into everyone's view for the first time, and Mike reached into the front of her dress and peeled the sides completely off her tits and started to fondle her tits in front of everyone. His squeezing of her tits and pinching her nipples caused her to lose her ball. Ann carefully stepped out of her thong as she straightened her dress and stepped away from the machine saying "Well, I guess you guys win."
She had no more idea what her score was than anyone else did.
Mike put his hand squarely on Ann's ass and guided her back to our table. When we got back to the table I noticed that there were even more people there than before. Ann started to blush as she noticed that 3 girls had joined the group. Blonde Pam was still there, and she had been joined by what looked to be a pair of twins. They were redheads who I later learned had also gone to school with Ann. They were a good three inches taller than Ann and dressed rather slutty in little loose legged cutoffs and skimpy little tank tops.
Their shorts were so small that the pockets were cut through. One of the girls had what must have been her boyfriends hand stuck into her front pocket. His hand was stuck in the pocket, but his fingers were sticking out the bottom and rubbing up and down what was obviously a nicely shaved pussy. The other sister was obviously not shaved, as some red hair could be seen poking out of the crotch of her shorts.
The boyfriend was eyeing up my Annie as she stood almost naked before us. You could tell he was getting hot cause he had a real gleam in his eye and he was humping the redheads ass.
The other redhead said "Hello little Annie."
Ann looked like a trapped animal as she looked at the two redheads and their boyfriends.
"Hello Brenda...Beth...Tony...Frank." Ann said quietly.
"Lookin good Annie!" said the guy grinding the shaved redhead.
"Don't she though?" said Mike, beaming and still rubbing Ann's ass.
The redheads came over and both hugged Ann warmly. They stepped back and started to check out Ann's outfit, like girls do. They were stroking the material front and back and oohing in appreciation of the slutty little outfit.
Ann was standing there allowing the girls to fondle her, and Mike backed off to give them room to play. He picked up the empty pitcher from the table and asked me to get more ritas.
I glanced back from the bar in time to see naked snatch redhead raise Ann's arm over her head and spin her around so her little skirt flew up exposing all her charms to the entire bar. I watched as red's boyfriend came over to give Ann a hug. The hug went on much longer than necessary and I could see him grinding his dick into Ann's naked crotch.
I watched from the bar as Ann put her arms on his shoulders and ground right back. He leaned in for a hot kiss and Ann gave him what he wanted. I grabbed the new pitcher and as I was heading back to the table I saw the sisters turning Ann toward the second boyfriend. He was not shy at all as he grabbed Ann by the ass cheeks and pulled her up against his swollen dick. He kissed her forcefully as he massaged her ass.
He was just releasing my girlfriend as I set the pitcher on the table. I could see that Ann's face was flushed and her dress was almost wide open after all the fondling. I hugged her nakedness to me and kissed her as she used the opportunity to pull her dress closed again.
"Who are these guys, baby?"I asked. Ann introduced me to Beth (shaved redhead), her boyfriend Frank, Brenda (red pubic hair) and her boyfriend Tony.
I shook hands with the guys and got hugs from both girls. We talked a little and I found out that they had all been in theatre together in high school. "We did a lot of fun scenes together, didn't we Annie?" I heard Beth say.
Ann blushed and looked away. I started playing bartender, filling margarita glasses and the girls took Ann's arms and guided her to a stool behind the table, facing the bar. They shooshed Kurt, Pete and some guy I didn't know off three seats and sat down with Ann between them.
I watched as they started running their fingers through her hair, kissing her face and holding her hands. Kurt and Pete threw their arms around my shoulders and pulled me toward the bar, talking about getting more shots.
I watched Ann from the bar and I could see that Tony and Frank had moved behind the girls and had their hands resting on Ann's shoulders while she made out with their girlfriends. I watched as Ann spread her knees as she put her feet up on the stools foot rail. The hot redhead sisters spread their legs and guided Ann's hands to the crotches of their tiny cutoffs. Ann's fingers worked their way into the twins pussies.
Kurt looked me in the eyes and said "Dude, your girlfriend is damn sexy."
"And horny as hell," added Pete. "You know we're ganna fuck her soon, don't you dude?"
"Yeah, I kinda figured that was part of the plan for this evening." I said. I turned to the bar and did my shot.
I turned back to look at Ann and noted that Tony and Frank had Ann's tits out in the open and were openly massaging them. The sisters had their hands on the inside of Ann's thighs and had her legs spread so we could clearly see her open, dripping cunt. Mike was sitting in a chair facing them, watching intently with Pam rubbing his crotch. I looked closer and could clearly see Ann was rubbing her fingers in the sisters' pussies since she had pushed aside the crotches of their cutoffs. She had her head laid back and was alternately kissing the two guys standing behind her as they played with her tits. Next thing I knew, an erect cock appeared between Ann and Beth.
Tony had obviously pulled his cock out and was now guiding Ann's mouth onto it. Ann looked into Mikes eyes and he smiled at her and she leaned over and took Tony's hard cock into her mouth. Seeing what he was missing out on, Frank pulled his somewhat smaller dick into view on the other side of Ann's face. As Ann pulled her mouth off Tony's prick to catch a breath, Frank grabbed a fistful of Ann's hair and turned her mouth to his prick. Ann gave a little shiver and leaned over to suck his dick too.
Mike said something to Pam, and she climbed off her stool, got on the floor and crept between Ann's legs on hands and knees. Ann wasn't paying attention to anything but the 2 cocks she was nursing, but the sisters each took one of Ann's legs and lifted them over their legs. Pam leaned into Ann's split beaver and ran her tongue right between my girlfriends wide spread lips. Ann's eyes shot open and she tried to bolt upright at the unexpected lick, but only managed to lodge Tony's cock further into her throat. Ann pulled back and her head was spun back onto Frank's dick. Her mouth was open wide as she was reacting to having Pam lick her pussy. Frank was able to stick his cock all the way into Ann's throat. Ann was rapidly working toward an orgasm as she got her pussy licked and Frank held her head and fucked her mouth. I could see Ann getting a panicked look on her face and then all hell broke loose.
Frank blasted his first load into Ann's mouth and loosened his grip on her hair enough for her to pull back off his dick. Ann reached out and grabbed Pam's head and pulled it into her crotch and let out a wail as she bucked her hips and came hard on Pam's face.
"OH FUCK! I'M CUMMING! Lick my pussy, bitch! Eat my cunt good. OHHH!" Was about all she got out. Frank finished coming on her tits and Tony pulled her mouth back onto his stiff cock. Ann was still hunching Pam's face with the sisters now pulling on her nipples as Tony pumped her mouth.
Tony held the back of Ann's head as he rammed his dick all the way into her gaping mouth, till his cock had to be into her throat. I could see Ann frantically pushing against Tony's thighs as he continued to pump her face. His head was thrown back and he looked like he was blowing his load. Ann managed to get loose of his grip and came up sputtering come from her mouth as she gasped for air.
The guys at the bar started to applaud this great come scene. Kurt, Pete and I applauded too. Ann looked up at her audience in her post orgasmic fog. She was beautiful, naked on display in this bar with come on her tits and dripping off her chin.
Pete got a rag from the bartender, and the three of us headed back to the table. Pete walked up to Ann and started to wipe the cum off of her. He tossed the cumstained cloth to me and I returned it to the bar as he and Kurt worked Ann's little dress back onto her. Pete said "C'mon Mike, let's put this show on the road."
Pete and Kurt hustled Ann out of the bar as the patrons tried to grab feels of her tits, ass and pussy as they passed.
While Mike went to the bar to settle the tab, I looked at the red head twins and said "I sure hope to see more of you soon."
The girls said they would look forward to it, and I turned to follow the guys out to the parking lot.