Wedding Fitting


© Literocat

My sister, Kara, came with me to my final wedding dress appointment. Embarrassing as my measurements appointment was, this was, at times, worse. Renown designer, Pierre D., was as short as he was gay. He entered the changing/fitting room with me and ordered me to remove my tank top in my first meting with him. I resisted, not wanting to reveal or admit I am a closeted exhibitionist. He barked, "Mademoiselle, I see dozens of naked brides dailee. Do eeu think eeu ahr so very differente? Go then. Eef eeu ahr not willing to let me measure eeu properly, leave. I cannot elp eeu."
It took months to book this time with him, so I gladly surrendered. I removed my top and exposed my bare tits, but not before he had pulled the curtain open to leave. Leaving it open, he turned and stared at my tits. "Very good. When did eeu have eeur last period?" When I told him it was two weeks ago, he wrote it down. I asked why he needed to know that. "Eeeur teets ahr at their smallest now. I will need to measure again in a week when they are fullest."
He pinched my nipples and as he casually moved on, I asked why. "The dress will be snug, but not tight. I need to know how far eeur nipples extend." My fiancé keeps telling me they are tall and perfect, but he is biased. Pierre measured each nipple to collar, then to opposite collar, then nipple to under boob, then nipple to navel. "OK. Remove rest of clothes now." Though I rather enjoyed showing my tits to him and the few people pacing outside the fitting room, I wasn't sure I wanted to display my pussy to either.
"Please, remove clothes now; I have others to see." When I pointed to the open curtain, he said, "Pshaw, we are all adults, no kiddies allowed in here. We have all seen naked persons before. Strip, or leave." I unsnapped my sorts and stopped. He reached from behind me and yanked my shorts and panties to my ankles, rubbing my ass with his face. I gasped; he stepped on my clothes so I could not pull them up. We both stared at the two couples staring at my bared pussy. "Step out of clothes, now," he ordered. I hesitated some seconds, naked and hands flailing before slowly stepping high out of my clothes.
Pierre tossed my clothes into the waiting area, then measured navel to clit, then length of my slit, then waist and hips, finally clit to toes. "Eeu will have to shave this bush short and these," he pushed two fingers into my wet pussy and rubbed his thumb along each labium. "...these must be shaved or waxed smooth to best show off when eeu remove panties for Best Man, eef eeu can wear any." What the hell was he talking about?
He measured across my clit, then across the widest part of my abs. As the two couples watched, he spread my labia and licked up them and around my clit and he fingered my pussy until I came on his face. "Tart to sweet balance tell me how much swelling you will have. Must compensate." He measured my clit extension. My mouth and legs wide open, I blushed. He moved behind me and made several measurements around my ass before he spread my cheeks and licked my rear hole. There was no point in asking why. I chose to just enjoy the pleasure and exposure.
Before I left that day, he informed me how to beat the bad luck curse we get when the groom sees the bride in her wedding dress ANY time before the wedding. He said we must fuck to mutual orgasm in the dress. I'm good with that.

###

I expected similar treatment and repeated measurements at my final fitting, so I asked my sister to come along and preserve my modesty. Pierre met Kara with eyes at her tit level. As he stared at her D-cups, he licked his lips. Kara smiled. The three of us entered the fitting room. He asked Kara to sit in the waiting room while he measured. I insisted she stay. Though this seemed to disrupt his plans, he pulled the curtain open, "Now eeu can watch without being in the way. Mme., please remove all clothes, now." Kara had to believe me now that he insisted on measuring me naked. Her eyes popped, but she said nothing. She stepped out to the waiting area closest to my fitting room.
I pulled off my top and he stripped off my bottoms again. Once again naked, I stared at Kara. He passed her my clothes as another couple sat in the waiting room and stared silently at my complete exposure. This time he had me spin slowly to see how my flesh moved. "Eeu shaved completely. That is good."
He said he needed to study my movement, so he asked me to walk the waiting area several times as he studied how my tits and ass moved. Kara and the strangers also studied my naked movements and denuded pussy. "OK. I see eeur tits have grown nearly a full cup from small B to small C. Good I measured again." He made the same measurements as last time. This time, he had a proto wedding dress nearby.
He asked the other bride to step into the other fitting room and remove all her clothes. I sat with Kara and sipped some bubbly expecting to see the other bride get naked. To my disappointment, she kept the curtain closed. When she pushed her arm out with her clothes, her fiancé slid the curtain open and exposed her sexy, naked body to us. "Fair is fair, my sweet." Pierre spread her legs and closely examined her bald pussy. She blushed beet red, then, giddy, came out and spun for us before sitting naked with us for some bubbly. Kara and the fiancé, Pete, said they felt awkward being clothed while two of us were naked. I offered to help strip them, but both blushed and refused.
Kara leaned close to me, her hand on my upper thigh, and whispered how she couldn't believe how arrogant Pierre was. She thought we should leave. I argued that he was worth the humiliation. She argued that my fiancé would be upset with Pierre's fingering me. Thinking I just wanted uncomplicated orgasms, she hesitated, yet reached her fingers into my pussy even as the other couple watched in intense silence. "Your pussy is so wet. You really enjoyed his finger fucking you." She extended her thumb to nudge my clit as she explored my depths. As my breathing got faster, I stopped resisting. Kara switched hands and fed me my juices, then licked her same soggy fingers. She began to moan with me. As if in a dream, I heard moaning beside me. Pete was on his knees, lapping his fiancé's wide spread pussy and enlarged clit.
Before either of us could cum, Pierre came back with my dress tailored. He showed us two hidden zippers along the side which made it possible to get into the precisely darted and tailored dress. It was strapless, with a snug band under my tits that tightened as the zippers closed to keep the dress up. The band folded to form a platform for my tits to rest on as it pushed them up to make them look fuller and well rounded. The sides also pushed my tits together to give me some much needed cleavage and a significant, sexy bounce I didn't normally have. He showed us that the strapless triangular tit covers were stiff for modesty, yet flipped down so I could adjust my tits after I put on the dress. No bra was possible. He didn't say how much tit might be exposed.
He unzipped it and had me step into it. He said it helps if two people pull up the zippers together. As promised, as it zipped, it was snug, contoured in the extreme, yet not tight. The section between my navel and clit was reinforced to smooth out my slight bulge. I liked that a lot. The silk clung beautifully and smoothly. When I looked in the mirror, I saw it gave me that Pippin ass that the world gasped at. It was perfect.
Pierre pointed out that meant I could not wear panties with it. He also pointed out my crooked cleavage, then tugged the tit covers and they popped down, setting my tiny tits free. Reaching in, he showed how I, or someone, was to pull my tit away from the side and align my nipples. He popped the covers back into place and my cleavage was perfect. The looser frill below my knees and the slit nearly to my hip would allow me to walk and dance.
He sized up Kara and asked if she was buying 'off the rack' or wanted a custom bride's maid's dress. Before she could answer, he unzipped her simple dress and pushed it and her panties off in a second. She gasped and her bare nipples hardened. "I measure eeu for free, then eeu decide." He seemed distracted by her naked, distorted D cups. Sensing her resistance, he started at her hairy pussy -- fingers deep inside, thumbs stroking her labia.
Kara was paranoid about displaying her scrawny legs and her hated tits, but here she was suddenly naked in front of three strangers and me. Though she resisted, he soon had her breathing hard, enjoying his fingers in her wet pussy, and his tongue on her nipples. He made her cum quickly on his face. Yet, when he tried to lick her rear hole, she jumped away and grabbed her clothes before closing the fitting room curtain behind her.
I was extremely satisfied with the $9000 dress and sure of its modesty -- well, I was, until my wedding day.
======= 3 hr 17:00 12/28/22 ======= 1674
seminal image 12/28/22 secret tradition counters wedding gown hex