She was ready ten minutes ago.
Candi Palmer sat on her loveseat fidgeting while trying not to bite her freshly painted nails. She watched the second hand of her Grandfather clock ticking diligently. Trying very hard to stay focussed, she contemplated her mission. This was by far the biggest thing she had planned for Damian. This was the biggest thing he had ever ordered up. The BIGGEST!
After long breathless moments she sighs abruptly and stands to pace around her living room. With each stride she would peer out her picture window to spy the street out front.
Fanning her nails she groans, "Oh, Damian. The things I get myself into for your entertainment. If not for love and all that."
She continued her stroll about sticking her tongue out at each of the cameras primed down at her from the four corners of the room. She knew that should Damian ever view todays footage that her nerves would definitely be a concern. She tried to stay cool but the mere waiting was enough to drive her to consider drinking.
"Come on already! I only have six hours before show time. It's gonna take almost two hours just to get to St.Louis. " Another peek out the window.
She huffs and swirals around on her heel to continue her creaking of the floor. Stepping to the fireplace she admires her wedding photos. A smile crept over her face. That was a good day. The best! Her life changed forever that day. She had married the biggest stud in Missouri. He looked so perfect in his Military uniform. Finally, she pouts, "I miss you, Baby."
She sulks for a moment then toughens up to bite her lip, "I'm going to make you so proud tonight. Even if it means I end up in traction from being bent into a pretzal all night long." A swift glare up at the camera above her she narrows her eyes before bellowing, "I LOVE YOU MASTER!"
She then grips her chest shuffling her tits playfully. They were quite jiggly beneath the white shirt she wore with shoestring lacing up the front. Her entire cleavage and belly button were in plain view, only covered by the laces.
A tight white stretchy skirt without panties displayed her every crevice. Every curve was evident and she loved the look. Her deep golden tan made the shirt and skirt seem almost invisible. Candi knew she was smoking hot. It dawned on her what her life used to be. The frumpy dressed nerd with innocent youth. Now?
"I'm such a slut."
Laughing at herself she almost overlooked her cellphone vibrating on her loveseat where she had sit it. The cushions muffled it almost beyond recognition. She bolts on to the loveseat and snatches it up.
"Hello?"
On the other end was "Is this Fluffy?" in a deep gravel like voice.
"Yep! Who's this?"
"Afternoon Miss Fluffy. My name is Bernard. Your Chauffeur for the evening. I should be in front of your home in the next five minutes. If you would please be ready that would be appreciated."
"Gathering my things up as we chat, Bernie. I'll be standing on the curb like a hooker. See you soon."
As she hangs up she snatches her duffle bag containing her costume, wallet, and makeup kit. Her cell is placed in the outer pocket along with her house keys. Primping quickly in front of a mirror she darts out the front door and down her steps.
Reaching the street she only had time to whistle a tune stuck in her head before a massive white limo turned on to her street. Her jaw dropped and she nearly pissed herself. Jitters set in. She had never been in a limo before. Here she was on her first drive and she would be all alone in luxury. That made her sad.
Pulling up directly in front of her the Driver stepped out in a black suit and captain's hat. The man was African America and for a better word tall but rolly poley. A handle bar moustache adorned his face.
Hand extended she accepts his greeting, "Miss Fluffy. It will be my pleasure to escort you tonight. I'll try to make the drive as comfortable as possible for the two of you."
Her eyes grow large, "Two of us?"
Suddenly a window rolls down and a familar face sticks her head out, "Meter's running, Fluff! Let's rock n roll."
"KODYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!"
Candi literally dives through the window after dropping her bag on the curb. Hugging the stripper she had befriended from "Pony's Express" joyfully. From the waist up she was in the car while her ass and legs flailed on the outside. The driver Bernard rubbed his chin admiring her exposed cheeks. He loved his job.
The man obtained her discarded bag and started for the trunk when Kody called out, "Bernard? Stuff this sexy bitch into the car and let's go."
Shouldering the bag strap he chuckles and palms Candi's hips guiding her in through the window. Once inside he moved to the trunk depositing her bag. The man then returned to his seat behind the wheel.
In the back the two women were still embracing. "Oh My God! It's so good to see you." Candi shivered toward Kody. The brunette felt the same. Even though they didn't know each other very well they had indeed developed a bond.
"Look at you all Whorish! I love it!" After another tight hug they settle back into the plush seats. Candi looks around admiring the mini wet bar and the decor. Caressing the softness of the seats she exhales, "Wow!"
Kody grins at her, "I managed to talk Pony into letting me at least ride along with you. I know your nerves must be insane right now."
Candi holds her hands out to show there was no trembling, "I got this. And, thank you for being my escort. I was feeling very alone a few minutes ago."
Kody nods understanding Candi's commitment and admires her perserverance. "I feel badly that Pony wouldn't allow you and I to explore what you intended us to do on stage. To be honest that kind of freaked me out. I mean, dancing and hearing men hoot and hollar is one thing. But, to go that extreme on stage made me nervous!"
Candi repositions on to her left hip facing Kody and smiles, " I'm sorry if my request was out of your comfort zone. I hope you understand that all I want is to make my Husband very, very happy. Anything creative that I can achieve is going to a good cause."
"Your Hubby sounds like he has you wrapped around his finger. I could never let any man be that controlling." Kody frowns.
"I love Damian. Even if he didn't order me to do things like tonight, I would at least give it my best to make his tour of duty go by smoothly. Here the last month or so I've had the time of my life. I feel so free. Even though to some I look so captive." Candi takes a deep breath then pats Kody on her bare thigh.
Kody was wearing a short black mini dress with loads of bling. Hoop earrings, gold bracelets, a beautiful serpentine necklace studded by diamonds, and a single gold ankle bracelet.
A fast glare out the window Candi noticed the limo was just leaving the city limits. Within the next ten minutes she would be on the Interstate heading north toward St.Louis. Turning her attention back to Kody she brightens back up.
"So Pony was a porn star? That's wild."
Kody chuckles, "Wait until you see the guy. In his prime he might have been Prince Charming. Now? Emphasis on the Harming in cHarming. He's put on a little weight and lost some hair. Adorable none the less."
"I'm sooooooooo stoked for tonight. I just hope the crowd respects me just a little at least. I don't expect perfect angels but it does concern me that Pony won't let you or the other strippers be there. Same for no Bouncers. What if it gets too rough? Can I really count on Pony prptecting me?"
Kody smirks, "You're the one who said no restrictions. Worry about things as they happen. I'm certain Pony will watch your back. However, I'll be honest and tell you that a certain Soldier had a conversation with Pony."
Candi brightens up wiggling in her seat. "Damian? Yes I heard rumors that My Hubby called. Let me guess, Damian told Pony to let it ride. Whatever happens, happens."
Kody pats Candi on the knee, "From what I hear the only thing controlled about this is condoms."
Candi sighs with relief, "Thank God! That's the biggest stress I have in anything I do. Getting pregnant or an STD. So far so good on neither. But, my periods only rear their ugly heads once every three monthes maybe. My body is weird like that."
Kody groans, "Not me! Clockwork every month. How about we pop open a bottle of complimentary champagne and calm your nerves?"
"I'm not that nervous really. Edgy about being able to walk out of my own free will after the show is my big concern. I presume Bernard up front will be taking me back home afterwards."
Kody nods her affirmation reaching across the limosine's seating to a mini bar with a bottle on ice, "As far as I know that's part of Pony's deal. If not, you can call me and I'll get you a ride home."
"Awesome!"
Candi watches Kody tear away the foil and expertly utilize a cork screw and bursts open the champage. As she avoided being bathed in froth Candi snatched up two champagne glasses and captured the champagne. Both laughing they settled back as Kody raises her glass, "A toast to the biggest freak in Missouri."
Candi blushes, "Is that Me or You?"
Kody shrugs sipping her drink and offers up, "It's a toss up I guess. So, I have to ask. What brought up the idea of wanting me to play with you on stage?"
Candi fidgets, "I don't know. I guess I just felt comfortable with you. I needed moral support and knew I could count on you. I've never been with a woman before and I wanted to experiment with you. For Damian."
"Thanks for the vote of confidence. Maybe the biggest freak in Missouri is your Husband."
Candi giggles, "That's true."
Kody watches Candi swallow down her champagne and begin checking out the limo again. She opened the side window and caught the air inhaling dramatically. She noted the Interstate entrance looming and spotted a multitude of Semi Trailers on the road.
"Wow! there's a convoy of Trucker's up ahead. I hope traffic doesn't make us late."
Kody shakes her head looking at a digital clock console, "Plenty of time. Let's have some fun to kill the time."
She reaches over and pulls Candi by her chin into a steamy kiss. This caught Candi off guard. Still, she shivered in excitement as the breeze rustled their hair.
Lips linger and tongues frolic, leading to hands roaming over each of their bodies. Kody breaks away with a gasp and reaches her hands down to lift her stretchy skirt up to her waist. Candi's eyes brightened up and she felt obligated to do the same. Neither woman wore panties. Candi went so far as to unlace her shirt and remove it as well. This left her naked except for her shoes.
Kody bit her lower lip and said, "What the hey!" and disrobed herself entirely also.
Both immediately melted into each others embrace kissing and fondling each other. Kody made the final move and broke away to crawl to her knees and nudge Candi back into her seat. The brunette lowered her face between Candi's thighes and began flicking her tongue like a lizard. Candi ran her nails through Kody's long flowing mane, "God! That feels so good. For a first timer I think you're awesome."
Kody winks with her mouth full and lifts away just long enough to say, "Never thought I would tell any woman this. You're delicious."
As the girls played they heard a loud blaring horn. The semi driver in the other lane had spotted them through the open window. The girls both began laughing. Candi noticed the driver motioning her to lower the window more for a better view.
Kody reaches over and rolls the window pane the rest of the way down. "Enjoy!" She yelled up.
Returning to her eating Candi let her eyes wander. There it was. She suspected as much. There was a tiny video camera moving about to capture their every move. She giggled, "Pony has a camcorder on us. I had a hunch he might. All good! Keep eating."
Waving at the camera she mouthes the words, "I love you Master." then began moaning loudly.
Eyes rolling into her head she quickly cums. As Kody departs she returns to kiss Candi in the seat. Candi leaned over and began sucking on Kody's 36C's. Kody loved her attention more and more. Surprisingly, Kody actually enjoyed the passions of another woman.
Gracefully, Candi pelted the stripper with warm seductive kisses along her chest leading down her belly. She made Kody giggle abruptly by swirling her tongue within her belly button and nuzzling the tiny piercing connected to it.
Without much time to waste Candi made her own way down to tenderly lick Kody's clitoris and insert a single finger into her pussy. This led to sensual probing and eventual fingering at a more rapid pace.
Kody took no time in cumming all over Candi's finger. Amazed by each other Candi rises up and melds back into an awaiting set of lips. Long kisses and frenching kept them busy for the next ten miles.
Breaking up reluctantly to catch their breath they remained snuggled to each other.
Another blare of the Semi driver's horn returned their attention in his direction. Candi beamed a smile in his direction and peeled away from Kody to crawl halfway out the window to jiggle her tits up at him.
The driver gave her a thumbs up and pointed toward the roof of the limo. He then yelled down at her, "There's a sunroof."
Candi creased her brow and ducked back inside to inspect the roof interior. She discovers a moon roof that activates at the touch of a button. She grins as it opens up wide. Immediately she stands up and lifts herself up through the moonroof's opening. Nearly half of her body was out in the open air as it briskly attacked her flesh and whipped her hair about. It felt wonderful.
Finally, Kody took the initiative to join her squeezing in beside her to share in laughter. Candi swiftly pulled Kody back into an embrace and began kissing her. They both knew the driver loved it. It was all he could do to keep his truck in his own lane.
Another semi horn honked forcing the girls to look behind them as they found the limo pinned in by the two big rigs.
"This is AWESOME!" cried out Candi to allow Kody to hear her over the wind.
Kody winked at her, "They love us."
Candi nodded rapidly as her right hand tried to keep her hair from blinding her. Kody leaned into Candi, "Let's go back inside and tie our hair back then really give them a show. Want too?"
Candi agreed with a mischievous smile. She raises a finger up at both drivers to tell them to wait. Ducking back down to their seat the girls swiftly tied their hair into ponytails. Before they could get back up Candi reached over and inspected the camera noting it to be on a lengthy cord yet tucked away behind the adjacent seat. Tugging it out to full length she outstretches it to find out whether it would reach out the moon roof.
She then turns to Kody, "Wanna be my anchor and film me?"
Kody's eyes flare wide, "Anchor you? What are you planning?"
Candi then pulls her up to stand beside her as they return to the outside world. Candi drapes the camera into a necktie around Kody's throat for safe keeping. She then palms the roof and glares at Kody, "I'm sitting on the roof and laying back. Hold my legs to keep me from blowing off the car. I don't wanna die on the Interstate."
Kody's jaw dropped as Candi placed a foot on Kody's hip to hoist herself up facing the driver behind them. Carefully, she reached the roof and sat her ass on the cool metal. Her balance seemed secure as long as Kody gripped her knees.
The drivers were in awe of her. Simultaneously they honked as if a serenade. This made Candi wave at both of them and blow kisses. Laying back on one elbow she used her remaining hand to play with her pussy. Kody crawled out between Candi's legs and poised the tiny camera to record first Candi playing with herself then swift wide angle shots of the Semi drivers and the oncoming traffic of the Interstate. It was getting dark outside so the video would need to be procured quickly. Luckily headlights from the semi helped the visual.
As Candi continued to play, Kody primed the camera to her side. Facing the blond she nestled down to once again eat Candi's pussy. Candi admired her friends zest for a good show.
Finally, Candi got bolder and lifted her right leg from Kody's grasp and plant her foot on the threshold of the moon roof. Kody held the other leg for dear life yet maintained her eating. Candi never felt so liberated. She reached out and claimed the camera to hold it for a firmer view as Kody devoured her clit and sank her tongue up inside her..
Massive echoes of moaning were lost to the wind velocity. Shaking Candi dropped her foot back inside before cumming. She feared the tensing of her muscles and going limp soon might make her lose balance. Kody immediately gripped her tight and fed on her until she cum all across the stripper's face.
Exhausted Candi laid back flat on the limo's roof. She looks about her at the drivers noting both of them using cell cameras to record her. That made her day.
Kody licked her lips at the men then felt the exhiliration of their feat. She craved more. Carefully, Kody crawled up to sit on the roof facing Candi. Candi had now wrapped the back of her knees to the threshold. Kody shocked Candi by stepping her entire body outside on to the roof merely holding her self by her hands. Repositioning was a bitch with the wind and movement of the car but Kody managed to turn her entire body around with her ass in the air. She then slid her legs to both sides of Candi and slithered her body back over Candi's, forcing her to remain laying back. Candi realized what she was doing and held her friends hips tightly as she reached her destination. Kody intended to 69 Candi on the rooftop. Candi took a deep breath and smothered her face into Kody's snatch.
Opposite of her Kody again devoured Candi's pussy. The sight was something to behold for the Semi drivers. They were honking fiercely. This made their show all the more potent. Both girls moaned and stayed steady with their mission. Within minutes both of them flooded each other's mouthes. Candi found it diffilcult to hold the camera steady. All she could do was try her best.
Her best was good enough she thought. After all, glancing at the driver's she noted dueling cellphone cameras. At least one of them remained constantly steady as she notes the Semi to her left had a driving partner whom had awoke in his slumber cab at the howling of his partner. This effort was worth it Candi acknowledged. A firm thumbs up toward the cell made the men share in her enthusiasm.
The driver called down, "That was a thing of beauty."
Kody managed to safely crawl over Candi and topple herself back inside the limo. Once in position she again stood up between Candi's legs to wave at the driver's. With a motioning finger to hold on Kody ducked back inside and returned three minutes later holding a piece of paper with numbers written in lipstick. Though hard to read due to the wind, the driving partner saved his video then dialed the numbers on the paper.
As Kody's cellphone rang inside the limo she ducked back down. Candi followed suit dropping limply into the seats. Her whole body ached from the turbulance. Her hair although tied back was still a mess.
Kody snatched up her cell and answered it, "HEY! Send me that video for posterity." She grinned toward Candi, "That was sooooooo intense. I'm glad you liked our little show. We're headed to St. Louis. Fluffy here has a show at Pony's Express tonight at 6:00. If you guys have time drop in I'll get you in the door in return for that video."
Listening intently Kody fidgets, "Awwwwww! Okay, maybe next time. Have a safe drive to Kansas City. Thank you for the video. Bye."
After a few minutes to process Kody shared their video experience with Candi. They were in awe of their experience.
Shortly after they settle down the sliding glass window between the driver Bernard and the back of the limo ushered down. Bernard shook his head while looking back at them through the rearview mirror. "If you two ladies are done risking your lives and my insurance I'll gladly give you a better video."
Raising his right hand backwards toward the opening, Bernard waves a videotape. "Courtesy of Pony and somebody named Damian."
Candi sits stunned then darts a glance toward Kody who gradually fans herself frantically, "Damian knew enough to video even this? Oh my God! My husband is a genius."
Beside her Kody frowns, "Maybe! But, you have to ask yourself, just how does a guy in Iraq manage so much from clear over there."
Candi ignores her and bolts across the limo's sitting area to clutch the videotape. Before moving back she throws her right arm around the burly Chauffeur and hugs him tightly. The man chuckles mid huff and tells her, "Sit back down and get yourselves together. I'll be pulling up to the club in twenty."
With a release Candi stumbles her way back to Kody's side and looks over at her with a look of dread.
"I know what you mean. I question that myself. Damian has a million friends though. I'm certain he has loads of help in getting things arranged. He's a beautiful man, Kody. I have full faith in him."
The stripper faintly smiles, "Handsome devil is he?"
Candi holds a finger up then looks around her for her tiny handbag. Opening it she pulls out a thin plastic covered set of photos. Searching for the one she had in mind she shares a glimpse of it with Kody.
Eying it Kody felt flushed at the sight. She knew the man beside her in a wedding photo. All too well she thought. Still, she remained mum, "Handsome indeed. You're very lucky."
Candi couldn't agree more.
For the rest of the ride they got dressed and primped at their hair. Words were carefully chosen from that moment onward.
Kody allowed her mind to drift back to three years ago. Damian and his entourage had a Bachelor party at Pony's. During their drunken endeavors Kody in her youth fell prey to the man. She felt sick realizing that she had fucked Damian Palmer without the slightest ounce of remorse toward his blushing bride. With a loud exhale she did her best to put the moment out of her mind. She dearly adored this girl beside her. Regardless of her husbands past. Out of respect now, Kody would remain silent. She herself had changed over the years.
As Bernard departed the interstate and careened off of the exit leading into the city, Candi sighed and merely stared out of the window. She needed this moment to get her nerves in check.
Within eight minutes Bernard entered the parking lot of Pony's Express. Coming to a halt at the back entrance he shut the engine off and stepped from the drivers cab. Strolling back he opened the car door for the women and gentlemanly assisted their exit. For his deed both women offered him a hug out of thanks.
Shutting the door, Bernard then made his way to the trunk to obtain Candi's bag. After closing the trunk lid he escorted the ladies into the back door. Within minutes the driver had relinquished her bag to a single bouncer and bid his farewell.
Candi blew Bernard a kiss on his way out, received by a wink and a playful grin.
The bouncer looked Candi up and down then growled at her. She offered him a hateful sneer then hissed like a cat bearing claws.
Kody broke out laughing, "Careful Brutus! Fluffy is in the house!"
For better or worse!