"We were thinking of having a movie night on the eleventh. You down?"
Even though Jake couldn't see my face, I grinned. "A movie night, huh?" I repeated, holding the phone close to my ear.
His tongue clicked from the other end of the line. "Well, I mean, if we're safe about it, and it's just us... I mean, I haven't seen anyone else or been out of the house in like, a full month."
My grin didn't wane. I knew how he felt -- while others ditched the rules and partied, my friend group actually listened and stayed inside during the pandemic. It was borderline painful listening to stories about other people getting to enjoy time with their friends all because they didn't care, all while, at least to me, my friend group just had to stay separate, just drifting farther and farther away from each other. This was a welcome change.
"Yeah yeah," I quickly agreed. "I'll be safe. I mean, I have been safe. This can be like our cheat day."
"Our what?"
"You know, like when you diet, you have a cheat day and eat cake. We've all been good, so we get to have a cheat day."
"Wouldn't know dude, never had to diet," Jake's voice cockily rebutted. I smiled to myself -- Jake was one of those neo-hippie types, with the long hair and the carefree attitude, but instead of listening to Grateful Dead or whatever, he went to the gym and did karaoke and other bro-y things. He looked like he would be this sensitive sweet guy, but underneath, he was all arrogant charm, a combination that seemed to work well in his favor.
I was kind of the opposite. Even though I looked like I would fit in at a soccer club or the popular table or something, I was kind of shy and geeky below the surface. It was hard to call myself good-looking, but I knew other people thought I was. I couldn't really accept it, but I could accept other people were saying it. Plus, it turned out being attractive and being shy was a combination that worked out in my favor sometimes too, just not in the same way. "Nice," I laughed dismissively. "So who's in?"
"That's the tricky part," Jake admitted, his voice reflecting annoyance. "If you're in, so far it's just you, Katie, and... you met John?"
"I don't think so, is he a friend of yours?"
"Friend of Katie's. I've only gotten to talk to him a few times, but he seems chill."
Katie was probably my oldest friend in the whole world. It was one of those friendships where we were each others' rock, but more importantly, it was one of those friendships that couldn't be complicated by anything. We went on double dates with each other, changed in front of each other, and in our first year of college, only a few months ago, I tried using my photography major to help her get the best nudes, and she tried using her charm and knowhow to make me the best Tinder bio possible. We were entirely comfortable with each other.
Sadly, the Tinder bio went nowhere, and once the pandemic began, I ended up deleting it. It just became a lose-lose where if I didn't match with a girl, I got sad, and when I did match with a girl and the conversations went nowhere because I didn't know what to say, I got sad, and when we clicked, I got even more sad, since we couldn't leave the house.
Katie was what people called "nerd cute." She was a little thicker around the middle than she wanted to be, and had glasses and a brown-haired ponytail, and to top it off, had a liiiiittle bit of an annoying "um actually" habit, always wanting to one-up everyone in the room. Still, she more than made up for it by being a good friend, and at this point, nothing could drive a wedge between us. Jake only droves wedges once or twice, and even then, the wedges never stuck for long.
"That's cool, but... is that it?" I asked.
He sighed. "Yeah, I know. Lindsay is out, as is Mike."
"Wendy?"
"With her lung thing? Nah, she's not taking any chances. Hell, she gave me this whole speech about how irresponsible we're being." He clicked his tongue. "This stuff is probably hitting her hard."
"She's probably jealous she can't be there with you, dude," I joked. Jake had a habit of 'accidentally ending up' sleeping with most of the girls, and a few of the boys, in our friend group. "Give Jake enough time," we all used to joke. It was a bit of an open secret. Wendy happened to be his latest development, and even though both of them kept it under wraps, Jake's sexual history was hard to hide for too long. With one exception, he was always pretty gracious and kind to them both before and after he slept with them, so it was never an actual issue, but it was still something fun to tease him about, especially since...
"Hey, c'mon, it wasn't like that!"
...It was the one thing he was embarrassed about, as if he hated the idea of being seen as this slut or something. As far as I was concerned, good for him. I would have loved to get around as much as he did, but it kind of wasn't my style to sleep with friends. If I was going to date or screw anyone, I didn't want it to be someone I had history with.
I laughed. "Sorry," I said with zero meaning.
"You in or out?" he barked. I could hear him blushing through the phone.
"I'm in, I'm in," I laughed. "What's the plan?"
***
Helpfully, all of Jake's housemates terminated their leases and ran home at the first news of the pandemic, but Jake himself had no plans to return to his parents' house no matter what, which meant he had a house all to himself. It helped that Jake's house's basement was the coolest living room a student could want, with shag carpeting and plush couches and even some kind of bar.
I was the first to arrive with plenty of time to spare, which meant the two of us got to spend some much-needed time lounging on the plush couches catching up with each others' lives. Of course, thanks to the pandemic, there weren't a lot of life events to talk about, but it was still cool. I at least had my parents to hang around -- I had no idea how Jake kept his cool not leaving the house and being the only one there.
Shortly after, the doorbell rang. Jake swung his legs around the top of the couch and almost flipped himself around the couch to start racing upstairs. I followed, opting to get up normally like a human being, and ran up the stairs to see him opening the door.
Katie burst out of the sunlight to hug Jake, then me. "Aaaah~!" she sang excitedly. "I missed you both so much!" She was practically bouncing on her heels as she hugged us. Her friend was unquestionably more shy about it, slinking in behind her.
John had short blond hair and a lot of freckles on his face, topped off with what looked like a permanent blush. He was dressed super casually, in a baggy t-shirt and some kind of track pants. Katie whirled around and threw a smile his way. "And this is John. John, Ethan."
I held up a hand politely in a wave. If he was shy, may as well lead the way. "Yo!"
"Hey," he replied in a highish, nervous voice. I didn't get much more out of him, and that was fine. It would probably take a while for him to get used to the group. Then again, he already knew Katie well and Jake kind of well, so I guess that was a good head start.
Katie had a tote bag around her shoulder, which she hastily opened. "Okay, I got the snacks," she announced. "Doritos, Lays... Spicy Cheetos for Jake..."
"Damn right!"
"...Aaaaand iced tea." She pulled out a large thermos.
"...You bought a jug of iced tea just to pour it in a thingy?" Jake pressed.
"Um, no," Katie swiftly replied. "You just asked for 'iced tea,' so I brewed my own. It's sweet, you'll like it."
"I was kind of going for the 'iced tea your mom got for that barbecue in grade two' vibe here," Jake protested.
"Well I'm not your mom," Katie argued back, then winked at him. "So I guess you're gonna have to drink this. Believe me, you'll like it. It's white peach."
"That the brand?"
"Nah, the brand is MEM tea or something."
I shifted towards John and scoffed loud enough for only him to hear. "Wow, listen to these two, huh?" I asked him with a friendly tone.
I was worried he'd back away like a scared mouse, as if 'blushy and nervous' was the only thing to his personality, but luckily, he cracked a smile. "Yeah, it seems to happen every time," he lightly replied.
"Oh, so there have been other movie nights?" I asked.
"Oh, no," he diligently replied. "I've only met Jake in person once, and- oh, don't worry, even when we met up, we talked about you, and how much they missed you, and-"
I held up a hand to tell him to stop and smiled reassuringly. "I'm not that kind of jealous friend," I told him. "Only good vibes here."
He smiled back.
***
There were two couches in Jake's basement, and Jake and Katie quickly claimed one of them, so John and I claimed the other. When we sat down, Katie started giggling.
I noticed first, but John was the one to ask. "What?"
"Oh, just..." Katie adjusted herself, then scooted to the very end of her couch, while simultaneously pushing Jake away. At first he was weirded out, but then he looked at us and smirked, moving to his end too. "That's how you two look right now."
I looked between us. There was a comical amount of distance between us two. It was like picking the urinals on either side of the bathroom. "Well, it's not like we have to sit closer to each other to watch the damn movie," I grumbled.
"John kinda has to," Jake replied, turning on his TV and booting up Netflix. "You won't be able to see the movie from there, will you?"
John looked at the TV, then at me. I just shrugged. "Yeah man, move on up. Hell, lie down if you want. Couch is big enough."
"Just two guys at movie night, six feet apart 'cause they're not gay..." Jake smugly sang as he pulled up the movie.
"What's the movie about?" I asked, feeling myself blush. I could only imagine how poor John was holding up.
"It's cool, you'll like it," Jake replied, getting up and turning the lights off.
"Hey! Lights back on," Katie protested, pouring the Lays into a bowl. "I'm gonna spill these all over your floor."
"Then you're responsible for eating them all off of it," Jake quipped, leaving the lights off.
"Ugh," Katie grumbled, rolling her eyes. "Asshole."
Jake snickered, and Katie joined in. Eventually, the movie started, and we all settled into a nice silence. Some friend groups liked to constantly talk at their movie nights, but Jake was super into movies and Katie was once a film major, so they preferred 'the way it was meant to be viewed.' What that meant was us, not having gotten to see each other in a while, all silently watching a movie we could have seen on our own.
I kind of wanted an excuse to break the silence, so I watched for anything accidentally funny. Wooden dialogue, or weird choices, or what Katie called a "continuity error," anything. Luckily for me, the silence was broken when, pretty early on in the movie, the scene got racy, then downright sexual, very quickly.
"Woah..." I heard John murmur.
"Aaaand there it is, the reason why Jake wanted to watch the movie," Katie jeered as the first sex scene of the movie began in earnest.
"Yeah, because if I just wanted to watch porn, I'd invite my friends over instead of just whacking off," Jake responded.
"As if you even need to do it yourself," Katie pushed. "You probably had sex with like two more people since we last hung out."
"Oh, come o- okay, first of all, no," Jake protested. "Second of all, it's not like it's just me who commits the crime of liking to do it."
Silence met him, and especially with the sexual moans coming from the TV, he got even more flustered. "Okay, we're doing this," he continued, pausing the movie then pointing at Katie. "When's the last time you saw someone naked? In person."
Katie laughed in shock. "Are you serious?"
"Deadly!" Jake insisted.
"I dunno, like, pre-pandemic? Pre-pandemic for sure. Maybe like February, late January."
Jake didn't move. He was clearly expecting a different answer. "Okay, you," he continued, pointing at me.
"Um..." I shifted in my seat. It sure had been a while since I had sex, but that wasn't the question. "Like, right before the pandemic, but... it wasn't sexual."
Jake paused, not noticing Katie's eyes widen in realization. "...What do you mean it wasn't sexual? Was it for an art class?"
"Nope."
"Family member?"
"Your family members are just... naked all the time?" I asked with a laugh.
"You were the one who said it wasn't sexual. How does that even-"
"He was taking pictures of me, dumbass."
Katie's words cut through the silence, even though despite the low lighting of the room, she was visibly blushing. Jake slowly turned towards Katie. "Really?" he asked, astounded. "Why?!"
"I wanted to take nudes for someone. Didn't go anywhere, which really fuckin' sucked. But yeah. He was my cameraman."
"How in the world is it not sexual to take nudes of someone?" Jake asked.
I turned to John, who still wasn't saying anything but blushing profusely. I mouthed the word "sorry" to him. He gave a nervous chuckle and shrugged.
Katie was unfazed. "Because," she started with that 'um actually' voice of hers. "If you're good friends with someone, you can have the capacity to see them naked without it meaning anything."
Jake paused. "...But like... it means something, it always has to mean something."
"Not if you're gay," I pointed out. To my right, I heard a whimper stifled. It was quiet enough that no one else heard it. I had the good sense not to turn my head, but looked right at John. That was his whimper.
"Well then I dunno, if he whipped out his dick it would mean something."
"Nope," Katie defiantly answered. "We've changed in front of each other. I've seen his dick. We're not complicated, and we're fine. Maybe it's you who's shallow."
"I'm not shallow," Jake replied quickly. "I'm just hot-blooded. And I do not believe Ethan isn't the same way."
I grinned back at him. "'Hot-blooded,'" I teased. "You come up with three new adjectives every time I see you."
"Everything but 'slutty,'" Katie joined in. "Anything to avoid saying you're slutty."
"Fuck off," Jake bitterly grumbled. He reached for the thermos of iced tea, held it for a bit, then put it back down on the table. "You know, you guys are pretty judgmental."
That statement sounded serious. The movie wasn't playing, so each second of silence just compounded the awkwardness. "You know, it's not a bad thing to be slutty," Katie replied factually. "We're only teasing you because you get so blushy about it."
"Oh, cool. You guys only bring it up because it bothers me. Neat. Neato." Jake scoffed and attempted to look away. HIlariously, with the movie in front of him, Katie to his left, and John and me to his right, he had to crane his neck around and pretend to want to look at the back of the room.
"If it really bothers you, we can stop," John chimed in with a sweet voice.
I couldn't help but chuckle. "'We'?" I questioned. "Dude, you weren't even doing anything. It was me and Katie that were ganging on him."
Jake had turned back and joined us in the quiet laughter. "I love how you two are teasing me and fuckin' John says he's sorry."
"Well, I'm just~!" John said with a shrug.
"You're too easy on him, John," Katie joined in, then playfully shoved Jake. "If we don't tease him, he'll get a big head and get into trouble or something."
John shifted in place. "Well, that's not very ni-"
"Nah, nah, it's true," Jake admitted, looping an arm around Katie. "They keep me in check. I can admit it." with his arm still around her, he looked at Katie. "But seriously, you got Ethan to take naked pictures of you?"
She smiled, looking up at him. ""Photography major, remember?"
"I'm a philosophy major and I can barely tell you how anything works," Jake fired back.
"Then maybe you're entitled to a refund," Katie laughed. "Besides, my only super close friends are you three. John, no offense, you can be a bit squeamish about sex..."
John said nothing.
"...And Jake, like... c'mon. You basically just admitted that if you saw me naked, it would have to mean something." She raised her eyebrows at him, knowing she caught him with his own words.
"And if you knew how I looked naked, it wouldn't mean anything?" Jake asked. "Like, what if, hypothetically, I whipped it out right now?"
"Yeah, please don't," I chimed in. I wouldn't have put it past Jake.
Katie was having too much fun, and just giggled. "I bet I'd be able to withstand my urges," she teased.
Jake laughed cockily and squeezed Katie against him before letting go. I looked at him, then her. She was looking back at me, and I just gave her a questioning look. Was she...?
She shrugged in response, as if you to say, "I dunno either man, going with the flow." No other words were said and Jake resumed the movie. Immediately, sex moans began filling the room again.
I was just as 'hot-blooded' as Jake, but especially after the somewhat awkward conversation, I was not ready to deal with that. "Can we, like, skip this part please?" I asked in a more feeble voice than I would have liked.
"What's wrong with you?" Jake asked, weirded out.
"He's overstimulated," Katie factually said, not taking her eyes off the screen, even though she couldn't hide her smile after she said it.
"You mean like...?" Jake trailed off. Katie looked at him, rolling her eyes, and nodded. Jake turned back to me and shrugged. "That's just how you know you're a dude, dude. You watch sex, you get hard. It's how you know you aren't watching too much porn or whatever. Since we..." He stole a look at Katie. "...Want to be comfortable with this stuff around each other, I'll admit it, I'm bricked up. It's cool if you are. John, I bet you are too."
"I, uh..." John stumbled over his words, playing with his hands in nervousness.
"Hey, maybe we shouldn't ask John about that kind of thing," Katie suddenly but kind of loudly chimed in.
Jake gave her a weird look. "Why? Didn't you just give a speech about how this stuff can be normal? Since we're talking about it anyway..."
Katie's eyes wandered. She had a reason but didn't say it. I looked at John who just rolled his eyes.
"I thought you guys could guess, but whatever," John replied in a bit of a huff. "I don't have a penis."
"Oh," Jake replied, surprised. "Uh, alright. Cool, man. My bad."
"I'm sorry, John," Katie quickly added. "I didn't mean to, y'know, drag it out."
"I mean, I guess it's flattering if you guys genuinely didn't know," John continued.
"I had no idea," I admitted.
Jake, ever the charmer, had swiftly recovered. "It's not like it matters," he said coolly and suavely. "Nothing has changed. Who cares what you have down there? You're still John."
Katie smiled, half in relief, and turned to John. "I told you, dude. You're among friends here. Hell, both Jake and I are bi."
John gave a polite smile. "Thanks," he admitted, then breathed a few times. "I guess I just don't really hear about sex a lot."
"If you hang out with this guy, that's gonna change," Katie teased, grabbing Jake around the waist.
"Hey!" Jake protested. "I just do stuff behind closed doors. You two perverts are the ones that talk about sex all the time!"
"When did I say anything?!" I demanded.
"'Hey Jake, can we skip this part?'" Jake imitated me in a whiny voice. "'Hey Jake, can we move on? I have a boner, Jaaake.'"
Katie laughed. "I have a booooner, Jaaaaake," she yes-anded in the same whiny voice.
Even my one ally betrayed me. "Jaaaaake," John joined in with a cute laugh.
"What is happening?" I asked, both in frustration and with a laugh.
The three amigos laughed for a bit, then died down. I guess I got what I wanted; the movie was still going and now everyone was fine to talk over it. "To be fair, you said you had a boner too," Katie added in Jake's direction, now letting go of his abdomen.
"Yeah, but I didn't ask to skip the sex scene," Jake replied, putting his hands behind his head and relaxing.
"You are so strange," Katie murmured. "You'll get so embarrassed if we even bring up how you had sex before, but you're totally cool announcing out loud that you're bricked up."
"You said -- you said -- that I couldn't bring up sex without making it weird. I was the one who said it nonchalantly, and you're the one who brought it up twice," Jake argued.
"You also threatened to whip it out," Katie laughed.
"Yeah, but I didn't go through with it! I wouldn't want to make John uncomfortable, y'know."
I heard John shakily inhale. "Hey, go ahead."
It was as if the movie's volume slowly went down to zero. Jake slowly turned to John. "What?"
"I haven't heard about sex a lot, and I, uh, don't watch porn, but... I dunno, if... Maybe it could be good for me to get more used to that kind of stuff, or something. If you wanted. I dunno. It's stupid. Sorry." John got up and started to walk in a random direction.
"Wait, John, stop!" Jake said with urgency.
"Let him go," Katie urged. "If he needs t-"
"No, that's just a locked door is all," Jake said at the same time as John turned the knob and walked right into the door. At once, all four of us started laughing, albeit a bit nervously.
"Sorry," John said again.
"Nothing to be sorry for," Jake said, cool as a cucumber. "I've never gotten an offer like this-"
"It wasn't an offer you smoothbrain, you threatened to whip it out," Katie interrupted.
"Yeah well... I dunno. Maybe it could be fun," Jake continued, watching John slowly walk back towards the couch.
How the hell did we get here?! I didn't even like dick. Why was this offer even on the table? I wanted to protest, but I knew that if I protested and gave that as my reason, Jake would just throw the "oh, why are you making it sexual" thing back in my face. If I said I didn't want to see his dick, I knew he'd spin it into me not wanting to see his dick, and he'd make it about want. Hell, I was very sure I was straight...
...I looked back at John. Keyword, was. I knew for a long time that I was straight because I was not into dick, but there was something about John that was... cute. The way he was kind of timid, but still got out there and got a word in. He wasn't just a stereotypical shy person, he still tried. He had these cute little mannerisms, like narrowing his eyes mid-thought or cocking his head randomly. Plus, he didn't have a dick, and that was my main gripe.
So... so maybe, I was into... Man, I didn't know. Did I have to know?
"Ethan? Last chance to complain," Jake teased. "Maybe I can angle it away from you."
I shook my head. "Wait, are you actually doing this?"
"Well, she did just dare me," Jake admitted.
"Dare? When did she dare? She didn't dare," I protested.
Silence. Silence filled the room. I looked at the movie. It was paused. "You really were off in La-La Land for a bit, weren't you?" Katie laughed. "Yeah, I just dared him. You just didn't notice."
"But... won't this impact our friendship or something?" I asked worriedly.
Katie shrugged. "Jake insists it won't. And even if it does, we'll just talk it out like adults. Besides, John seems kinda..." She trailed off, looking at John.
"Yeah. Could be fun," John breathed excitedly. I turned to him and he gave me one of his cute little smiles.
Why did I open the Pandora's Box of thinking John was cute? Now his little smile made me more excited. My heart was getting faster. I was still hard, and the sex scene was long over. I had to get rid of it, fast, before Jake thought this was because of him or something.
"But if I do it," Jake said, a sultry purr to his tone, "then you have to take your shirt off, Katie. Fair's fair."
"Woah," I heard John murmur. This was becoming a lot, fast, but at least if Katie was going to join in, then I could play off someone seeing me hard. "Oh, it's just from seeing Katie's boobs," I could say.
"Just the shirt?" Katie smugly asked, standing up. "Dea-"
"And the bra," Jake quickly added,standing up himself. "And the bra."
"Why, Jake Szanati," Katie playfully admonished. "If I didn't know any better-"
"It's pronounced, 'Sanati,'" he clarified.
"Don't interrupt me when I'm being cute," she laughed.
"So are you asking me to never interrupt you again?" Jake, ever the lothario, asked in a low voice.
I heard John whimper next to me. I looked over and saw him, sitting criss-cross on the couch, biting his lip. I scooched over next to him. "Can you believe these two?" I whispered in his ear.
I apparently made a mistake. The moment he felt my hot breath on his ear, he shuddered, emitting another quiet whimper. I retreated my head slowly, looking him in his eyes. He shyly returned my gaze, before looking away at them.
The enabling duo had apparently cooled down a bit, and had turned to me. "Okay, Ethan, count us down," Jake told me, looking right at Katie.
"This is so fucked," I breathed. "Three... two..."
Were they actually going to do this?"
"...One."
Katie moved firstly, removing her shirt with no shame. Maybe she was braver, maybe it was because she had a bra on underneath. Jake definitely was more hesitant, but eventually, he worked up the courage, and unexpectedly, worked his pants and underwear down in one go.
Either he also maintained his erection the whole time too, or this situation got him excited, because he was fully hard when his dick sprang into view. And it was clear why the dude was cocky -- he had to be eight inches. At least. As if he couldn't get any cockier, he grabbed his uncut dick by the shaft and started playing with it right in front of Katie.
"Holy shit," John breathed beside me. Katie had reached around to unclasp her bra, but stopped in place, her mouth slightly open.
"See something you like?" Jake teased, looking her in the eye.
"Um, we didn't ask you to play with it," she murmured, a blush exploding across her face.
"Tell me to stop," Jake simply replied. It felt like everyone there held their breath for the next few seconds. Eventually, Katie moved again, unclasping her bra and pushing it off of her.
Her boobs weren't the biggest things in the world, and I'd already seen them a few times, but I'm sure any partner of hers would have loved to see them. From the way Jake's dick jumped, it was fair to say he liked what he saw.
"We're even now," Katie said, trying to sound confident, her voice betraying her.
"Yeah, guess we are," Jake replied, his confidence clearly not a facade. "This is a lot of fun, great idea." He turned to John and myself, as if only remembering now that we were in the room. "You two good?"
I said nothing, but John slowly nodded, hypnotized by the situation.
Jake didn't let up. "Ethan, you okay?" he asked. "I get this might be..."
"Weird? Yeah, sure is," I admitted. "But when isn't it weird with you two?"
"It's actually kinda freeing," Jake replied. "I dunno, I thought it would cross a line, like, things won't be the same. But now that I'm here, it's kinda like... yeah, whatever, I have a cock. Wow, I'm a dude." He remembered John was in the room and quickly added, "A cis dude."
John laughed. "Don't worry," he soothed, despite his own nerves. "You're, uh, lucky in the genetics department."
Jake laughed. "So I've been told," he agreed, grabbing his dick by the shaft and swinging it around a little. "I can totally see why jocks swing these around the locker room now. It's like, 'yeahhhhh, I got a peeenis.'" All of us laughed.
"Yeah, I can't do much with these," Katie admitted, grabbing her own boobs and holding them up. "I can't whip them around or anything."
"They are really nice though," Jake replied, swiftly adding, "y'know."
"You think so?" she asked, releasing them. "I always felt like they were too small."
"Too small for what?" Jake asked incredulously. "It's not like you're currently nursing or something. They look good, they look se-" He coughed. "Se... sentimental?"
"Sexy," John laughed. "He was gonna say 'sexy.'"
"You failed, bucko," Katie laughed, taking a step towards him. "We asked you not to make this sexual. I didn't even bust out my pussy, just ma' boobs, and even then..."
She thought she was going to embarrass Jake again. She was wrong. "I guess you got me," Jake replied, matching her confidence and then some, taking a step towards her. His dick, jutting out far ahead of him, touched Katie near her bellybutton. "Are you gonna punish me?"
Katie started breathing heavier, then started to laugh. A very nervous laugh. An "I'm definitely turned on but shouldn't be and don't know how to proceed" laugh. "Jake..." she breathed. "The others are right there..."
I wanted to dispel the tension. I turned to John and shored up my strength. "When you said you wanted to get used to sex stuff, bet you didn't picture this, huh?" I asked, trying to cut the tension.
"I gotta admit, Ethan, I'm impressed," Jake said to me. "You got to see these boobs before and it had no effect on ya? Because right now, what can I say, I'm... hypnotized." His hand slowly rose, going up Katie's side. Katie got a look in her eye I never saw from her before -- this glossed-over, hopeless, almost scared look. A pining look. She made zero effort to stop him, and just bit her bottom lip.
I needed to reply, quickly. "Uh, yeah," I admitted, turning back to Jake, trying to be a little louder than I normally would be. I could have just said "save it for the bedroom" or even "stop, this is getting too weird." So why couldn't I? "I dunno. I guess I know we didn't see each other that way. Plus, I don't usually go for friends that way. I'll usually feel it more for people I'm meeting for the first ti-"
My words caught in my throat. I could feel myself blush. I should have just ended the sentence withpout another thought; now it looked like I was telling on myself. Even in her lust-drunk state, Katie looked over at me, and gave me a very surprised smile. The implication was undeniable. I slowly looked back towards John, who was visibly breathing in and out, looking almost like he was going to start crying. I opened my mouth to speak, but nothing came out. I slowly closed my mouth and opened my mouth again, but just shrugged.
Say, 'that was just an example.' Say, 'not tonight, but in general.' Say, 'you know what I meant.'
"You know what I mean?"
Oh, fuck. That made it worse. Or better. Fuck. John was almost shaking in place, but refused to take his eyes off me. "I didn't..." he began in a shaky voice. "Think... you were into... guys..." he managed.
He was so cute. So helpless. He needed someone to take initiative. But... I came into this house thinking I was straight. If I crossed that line now, then there would be no going back for real. Screw being naked around each other. If I moved my head forwards and did... did what I wanted... did what I wanted to do...
I put my hands on his shoulders, wanting to smile but not finding the strength. I probably looked as nervous as he did. I wanted to laugh it off, or even look away. I slowly closed my eyes, and then... my head moved forward.
The moment my lips collided with John's, a shock went through my entire body. This was so new, but so right. I was kissing John. I was kissing John. My hands went from his shoulders to his back as I pulled him in closer.
John was paralyzed at first, but quickly melted into the kiss, moving his body closer to mine. I felt him scooch up on the couch, and I assisted him, my hands moving near his waist to grab him. John whimpered, then moaned, into the kiss. His mouth opened.
I had to admit, for someone who I could only presume hadn't kissed a guy before, he was good at this. I lightly grunted into the kiss as well, which only seemed to spur him on. Within a minute -- we were kissing for over a whole minute, holy shit -- his hands had gone from nervously shaking in front of him to wrapping around my neck, running through my hair. He was, with no shame, moaning into the kiss, gyrating his body and humping in front of him like a needy puppy.
It felt like forever before our lips departed. I always thought kissing a guy would be different from kissing a girl, and it was, but I thought it was going to be like kissing a family member. No feeling, nothing. But kissing John was hotter than kissing any girl I had ever kissed before.
I saw John's eyes flutter open, and then his eyes suddenly focused behind us and he gasped, bringing a hand to his mouth. I followed his eyes, turning around and looking to see Katie and Jake.
Much like ourselves only seconds before, Katie had one of her arms wrapped around Jake's neck, and the two were kissing passionately. But her other hand was busy wrapped around Jake's shaft, jacking him off shamelessly. It looked like the two completely forgot we were here. It was going to be difficult as hell to act like tonight had never happened if this was what we were doing.
I turned back to John, who was dyed a deep pink at this point. I didn't know what to say or do, but the sexual tension in the air was palpable. "Crazy, huh?" I giggled.
"Yeah," he exhaled back, still looking at them.
I stole another look myself, feeling a tad annoyed that Jake had to get his dick out. A, it was still kind of weird. B, to be honest, it made me feel... inadequate.
"I guess it's hard to be naked in front of some people without them making it weird," John continued. "So they just... did what was natural." He was whispering, as if we shouldn't disturb the two of them.
I turned back to John. "I guess who knows what natural even feels like?" I asked. "Can I confess something?"
"Can I guess?" John asked, surprising me. I nodded, and we both smiled. "You thought you were straight."
"Wow," I breathed. "It was that obvious, huh?"
"I dunno if it was obvious," John admitted. "I just felt it. How do you feel now?"
"Uh..." I scratched the back of my neck. "...Like I want to kiss you again."
John's smile got bigger. "You are so fucking cute," he replied adorably.
"I'm cute? You're cute!!"
"You're adorable, Ethan," he continued.
"You're irresistible, John," I countered.
Our lips were back on each other within seconds, only this time we didn't begin slowly. John had scooted right up to me and his body was pushing right up against mine. Our mouths met each other hungrily and we were sloppily kissing, not caring how accurate our kisses were. I attacked him with my mouth, and he attacked mine. Both of our mouths were getting wetter, covered with the other's saliva. He was going from grinding against me to threatening to topple me with him on top of me. He was getting insatiable.
At one point, he must have lost control, because his hand dipped down low, hastily moving between my legs. While he was a good kisser, he was definitely moving too fast and too clumsily to be experienced in the sex department. I quickly broke off the kiss and grabbed his wrist, giving him a knowing but chastising smile.
He got the message immediately, looking away and blushing deeply. "I- I'm sorry..." he replied, his confidence melting away. I actually felt really bad for him. It was clear he lost himself in the heat of the moment, especially with the slurping sounds of, at best, the two making out behind us.
I smiled to relieve the tension. "Go slower," I instructed him. "You can't just grab it, it's very sensitive. And plus, I'm, uh..." I paused, gesturing with my head behind us. "I'm not as gifted as him."
"I don't want a guy that big," John admitted. "I bet... I bet you're the perfect size for me."
My head was swimming. This felt unreal. "John... you just met me... you barely ever saw even pron... isn't this a bit too fast for you?"
John reached forward and kissed me on the lips. "I want to try new things," he said in a very quiet voice. "I don't think I'll ever get confident like this again. I just want to see it."
I stared at him for a while. "You sure?"
He started to nod slowly, but the nod got more sure over time. I exhaled, standing up off the couch, stealing a look at the other two. I did a double take and nearly fell back onto the couch in surprise.
Katie was laying down on the couch, and Jake was on his knees on the floor. Jake presumably had his head buried between Katie's legs, although Katie tastefully placed a bundled-up blanket between him and us so we couldn't see exactly what was happening. That said, the look on Katie's face gave it all away. She was straining and lightly moaning and biting her lip. Upon seeing me, she made a guilty face. "Is this too weird?" she asked me, though she never took her hands off of the back of Jake's head.
I didn't know how to answer. "John wants to see my dick," I said slowly.
Katie bit her lip and nodded. "Then I guess you should show him, if you want," she said quietly. "We've kinda crossed the line at this point, don't ya think?" Her eyes turned to John. "How're you doing?"
John bit his lip. "Ethan is a really good kisser," he breathed in reply.
Katie turned to me and her smile turned genuine. "Treat him right, Ethan," she giggled, then closed her eyes and moaned as Jake continued to eat her out.
Well, whatever. He got to show off his dick. Katie's pants still being on was basically an impossibility given what was happening. What would have changed with one more pair of pants on the ground? I breathed in and out a few times, loosening my belt, undoing my button, and popping open my fly. Quicker than I thought I would, I thrust my pants to the ground, allowing my dick to spring free.
I always felt too small. I was only around five inches, and if porn was any indication, that was "not enough" or whatever. And yet, when John's eyes first made contact with my manhood, his eyes sparkled. "Oh, wow..." he murmured. "Can... can I..."
My jaw was quivering in nervousness. "Whatever you do, be slow and... sensual," I suggested. "Do whatever you want. This is for you."
Unafraid of his sexuality at this point, John bit his lip and gave a louder-than-usual sex moan. My dick jumped. His voice was so sexy. He gladly hopped off the coach and got on his knees in front of me, slowly taking my dick in his hands and looking it over.
His fingertips grazed along my shaft. Every touch of his was magic. "So soft..." he moaned, enjoying the feeling. His finger reached the end, touching my foreskin, then the head of my dick.
"Ai~ easy," I cautioned. "The head is really sensitive."
He nodded without even looking me in the eyes, continuing to study my dick. "I think... it's perfect..." he moaned quietly, almost to himself. Then, he looked up at me, almost with determination. "Can I do something a little weird?"
I smiled uneasily. "Try me," I nearly laughed.
He bit his lip, focusing again on my dick. He slowly closed his eyes and nuzzled in close to my dick, his nose right on my shaft. Then, he breathed in deeply, moaned, and licked my shaft. "Fuck," he whimpered. "It's so good."
He was definitely a secret pervert. Everything about this boy was intriguing. I hope he didn't see this as a one-night thing, because even everything sexual he did just intrigued me further.
"Is this okay?" he asked me in a quiet voice before licking my shaft again.
I looked down at his cute little eyes and nodded. This boy was having the time of his life, and I was having my dick worshiped by a boy.
I was gay. Ha. Haaaa. Why was that exciting? It was like tears were going to come to my eyes. This was so amazing. A boy was kissing my cock up and down. A boy kissed me. And afterwards, I was going to ask this boy out. We could hold hands, and go to a cafe together, and kiss, and-
I felt him take me into his mouth. Instinctually, I moaned. "Ha, fuck, John..." I couldn't stop my hips from moving. It made him gag and retract immediately, and the both of us chuckled, even with my dick in his mouth. "Sorry. I'll -- I won't do that. Suck at your own pace," I told him.
He wordlessly agreed, and began to bob his head back and forth. No teeth. He was a quick learner. The feeling of his mouth on me was amazing, and the way my mouth was massaged by his cheeks just felt heavenly. I sighed, feeling my knees get weaker, realizing that if he kept this up, I might have needed to sit down on the couch like the other two were doing.
Or so I thought. I stole a look behind me and saw the two of them, on the couch, with Katie on all fours and Jake behind her. Nothing was being censored now. My two best friends were full-on fucking, without a condom, right in front of me.
"Holy shit..." I murmured, unable to take my eyes off of them. John probably had a front-row seat with his angle, so he didn't need to turn to see them. I wondered if they turned him on. I wasn't even sure if the guy was fully gay, or bi or something. I looked back at him and saw, cutely, that he wasn't looking at them. He was looking at me. Now that I had turned back, he was looking into my eyes, and when my eyes met his, his eyes narrowed a little, like he was smiling.
I bit my lip and my hand found my way to his head, scratching behind his ear lovingly. I loved seeing this boy's face in front of me. I couldn't get enough. I wanted to date this boy. I wanted to come out and tell the whole world. I had a huge crush on John... huh. Had no clue what his last name was. But we could fix that later.
Very quickly, I had found my way onto the couch. In the brief time his mouth was off me, I had asked, "Do you want me to do anything to you?"
He shook his head defiantly. "I definitely don't want to take my clothes off now... or for a while. Like, a long while. Is... that okay with you?"
While I obviously could guess he had his own reasons for that, I was not going to make it seem at all like that was an issue. "Of course," I told him warmly. "I'd be happy just to kiss you. A lot. Like, more than just today."
He smiled really big, like he'd been waiting to hear that. "Oh my God," he said in excitement to himself, his hands shaking in happiness. "You want to keep doing this?"
"John, I want to go out with you," I admitted, going for broke.
John's smile, impossible as it was, got even bigger, and the emotional lump actually had a tear fall from his eye. With his mouth closed, he emitted some kind of happy hum -- "mmnh" -- and he nearly leapt forward, kissing me on the mouth.
"I want that. I want that a lot. Yes," he babbled.
I chuckled, kissing him on the lips a few times, then let him go back to his handiwork.
Jake and Katie had abandoned all pretenses of modesty, and Katie was moaning like a slut. She'd told me before that she got vocal, so I had no idea why I was so surprised to hear her going on like Yoko Ono at an exhibition. I would have stared at them for a bit longer, but I felt John's heavenly lips wrapped around my cock again, and I lost all interest in them.
John sucked for what felt like eons, his tongue loving my dick in every way it could. His eyes carried more than just lus now -- care. Happiness. Fulfillment. And I bet my eyes showed that same feeling back. As bizarre as this situation was, it was also the happiest and most excited I had felt in so long. John wanted to date me. Hell, John wanted to inhale my scent and get me off with his mouth. This was amazing. I was so happy.
And sure enough, John had gotten me there. I had always sucked with giving The Signal, and I had hoped the squirming, eyes closing, and lip biting was enough of an indicator. As committed as I was to being relatively silent this entire time, I was going to cum. In John's mouth. I was going to cum in a boy's mouth, and I loved it.
Experimentally, as I came, I gave a higher-pitched moan. Not one I had ever given while cumming with a girl. This one sounded distinctly gayer. I really liked it, and I hoped John did too. I didn't know if I was discovering myself, or just doing what I thought was "taboo" or something, but I was seeing stars. John didn't know how to take me, and after the first rope, he retracted his mouth instinctually, being rewarded with three more ropes of sticky hot cum all over his face. "Oh, fuck... I moaned," my normal voice returning to me, as I slowly opened my eyes.
John, bless him, looked... less-than-prepared to be covered in my load, and I laughed and immediately moved forward with my shirt. I could just throw it in the wash later. He laughed as I cleaned my load off of his face, then, once he was clean, leaned down and kissed him on the cheek.
"Did I do good?" he asked timidly.
I stood him up and embraced him, kissing him deeply on the lips. I was aware of what he just did, but I tried pushing that to the back of my mind. "You were amazing," I told him supportively. "Give me your phone number right the fuck now." We both laughed.
After we exchanged numbers, we both noticed at the same time that the Dynamic Duo were still going at it. John and I exchanged glances, and he chuckled, watching them, as I put my pants back on. "So... what happens after they finish? Do we just finish the movie, or..."
"Yeah, we're going to need to chat, probably," I admitted, the moans still filling the room. "I never thought that... but, you know, I'm really happy with it. I'm so happy, John. Do you ever get, like, fire in your lungs? Because I'm-"
John grinned, putting his hand in front of my mouth. "Hey," he said patiently and sweetly. "I'm happy too."
I kissed the hand in front of me, and we both giggled. I didn't know how Jake and Katie saw each other now, but it was pretty clear which direction John and I were going in. I braced myself for their finish, and the inevitable Talk that would happen afterwards, but I wasn't worried. They were my best friends, for goodness sake. We could get through this.
And John was my... boyfriend. I shuddered in place, looping my arm around him. We smiled at each other, his head on my shoulder. I eyed the remote on the table, then looked back at John. "Want to turn the movie back on so we at least have something to watch?"
John laughed.