Author's Notes: This is another chapter in my story about Eve. Please read the previous chapters for background on the characters and story plot before reading this chapter.
* * * * *
It was about six months after I became a shared wife that Frank came for his regular visit. I'd had sex with Frank several times, and still had problems accepting his large cock into my pussy. But I still loved to fuck that cock, that wonderful, large cock with the bulging veins.
After Frank had fucked me for over an hour, and had given me at least five orgasms, we were finished for the night. I lay on the bed, legs spread apart, my wrecked pussy tingling in pleasure, and aching in pain. It was such a different feeling that I had with no other man.
Frank sat at the end of the bed, turned, and spoke to me.
"I hate to say this Eve, but this may be the last time." Frank spoke slowly and seriously. "Or maybe the last time for the next year or so."
"What?" I exclaimed. I tried to sit up, but my body was too exhausted to even raise up.
"I've been hired for a yearlong project back on the East coast. It is a great opportunity, and pays a ridiculous amount of money. I don't see how I can arrange our monthly hookups from that distance." He said. I could tell he was sad to give me this news.
"So just a year?" I asked, hopeful that he would then come back.
"If the job works out, it may become permanent." He replied.
Tears of sadness filled my eyes. "I will miss you, and your fabulous large cock. You know I really love the way you fuck me."
He dressed and left. I never did see Frank again. I didn't know it then, but the job back East later became permanent and he never returned to our town.
- - - - -
Three days later, I was having sex with Bill at bedtime. Earlier in the afternoon, I'd had a quickie 'afternoon delight' with our neighbor Jerry. This had been my first sex since Frank on Saturday.
As was our custom, Bill and I were having sex while talking sex; my last sex with Frank, my afternoon quickie with Jerry, and tonight's sex with Bill. I love Bill so much, and sex with him is always an amazing experience. Maybe he doesn't thrill my pussy like some other men. But he makes my heart sing. And that makes him my most favorite lover, even after all these other men and sexual encounters.
"You're going to miss Frank, aren't you?" Bill asked. I knew that he knew the answer already. Bill knew every ounce of my body and could guess almost every thought in my head.
"You know I'll miss that cock, that amazing, large cock." I said. "I just have some sort of addiction to having my pussy painfully stretched every once in a while. I can't explain it. It hurts so bad, and yet feel so good."
"Babe, you've told me that a hundred times at least." Bill said. "The real question is do we need to find another such cock for you?"
The thought perked me up. Bill was willing to help me find another big cock to wreck my pussy once a month or so.
"You know I do." I answered him. "When do we start? Where do we look?"
"Eve, I'm sure you heard the rumors about big black cock. I can't say it's always true, but I remember those days in gym class in high school, and the showers afterward. The black kids had the biggest dicks. I know you're not racist. Want to look for a big black cock?"
I looked up at Bill with hope. He was on top of me, missionary position. Maybe a big black cock would fill this special need. My pussy throbbed at the thought and squeezed Bill's cock a bit tighter.
Bill looked down at the union of our bodies. He had felt the squeezing on his cock.
"I think I have your answer." He said with a laugh and began pumping his cock into me a bit quicker. "I may know someone already."
"Who?" I asked with some urgency.
"Let's finish and then I can tell you." He replied.
It didn't take long for me to orgasm, especially with the prospect of new big cock to fuck. Bill came shortly after I did. We lay there and cuddled in the afterglow of our sex, and then he sat up in bed next to me.
"I know you've seen that young black man that jogs down our street almost every morning. A big young black man." Bill started.
"Yeah, I've seen him. But we don't know who he is, or where he lives, do we?" She replied.
"His name is Sam. He's 25 years old. And he is big, six foot five inches, 255 pounds, and all muscle. He was a football player in college. He played linebacker. Now he's graduated, has a great job, he's single, and he lives several blocks over. He runs every morning about two miles as part of his daily exercise routine to stay in shape."
"So how do you know so much?" I asked.
"I asked him. He came by Monday morning and I was out there to meet him. I ran with him a short while and asked some questions. I couldn't keep up with his pace, so he slowed to a walk for me, but only for a short distance to answer a few questions. Then he sped up and left me in his dust."
Bill then suggested a way I could meet him and judge whether he might be interested in what we wanted.
- - - - -
Early the next Saturday morning I was dressed in skimpy running shorts, a tight crop top that barely kept my 36D breasts in place, and some running shoes. I knew I couldn't run at Sam's pace, so I needed a way to get him to stop and notice me. I was pretended to be pulling weeds along the curb when Sam came by.
"Hello there." I said sweetly, but loud enough that he could hear me.
"Hello." Sam said. He had taken one look at me and came to a complete stop. Step one accomplished.
"Hello." I repeated. "I've seen you running out here often. You must live around here. My name is Eve." and I stuck out a hand in greeting.
"Hello Eve. I'm Sam." he replied as he shook my hand. I held the handshake a bit long, to hold his attention. I needed worry as his eyes were locked on my big tits.
"Yes, I live several blocks over. I run out here almost every day. However, I don't think I've seen you out here. I would have remembered." he said with a nod towards my breasts.
"I'm not usually out this early." I replied, which was misleading as I am almost never outside. I changed the subject.
"Care for some water, or something to nibble upon?" I asked as I gently shook my tits in front of him.
He couldn't resist the bait.
"Uh, yes I would." he replied.
I led him to our door and we went inside. Then I lead him back to our kitchen and breakfast table. He sat at the table while I fetched a bottle of water from the refrigerator. Bill and I had intentionally left my photo book on the table. He noticed the book, but didn't touch it.
As I handed him the bottle of water, I stood next to him and put my arm on his large muscular shoulder. God was he big and strong. I hoped that all his 'equipment' was in similar shape.
"Want to see my pictures?" I asked. "My husband likes to take photos of me and he created this book for me. Open it. Take a look. Maybe you will like some of my photos."
Sam opened the bottle of water and then opened the book. He quickly flipped through the first few pages of me in party dresses. He spent a little longer with the lingerie pictures, and almost stopped completely with my nude photos.
"Eve, I shouldn't be looking at these." Sam said politely.
At that point Bill walked into the kitchen. "Hello Sam. Remember me? I'm Bill, Eve's husband. I take pictures of her to share with other people. Don't you like my pictures of her?"
Sam looked puzzled as he looked at Bill, then looked at me, looked at the book, and then again at Bill.
"Yes, I do like these pictures. Your wife is very sexy, and very photogenic." Sam said, a smile crossing his face.
Sam then looked at the pictures of me having sex with other men. I think it dawned on him why we had asked him into our home.
"So Bill. You like taking photos of Eve having sex with other men?" Sam asked directly. "Is that why you invited me inside?"
"Sam, you are a smart one. I won't lie or beat around the bush." I replied as I stripped off what few clothes I was wearing. "It would please me, and Bill, for you to fuck me while Bill takes photos."
I knew I was being so very blatant about our desires with someone I had just met. But I could feel a special sexual connection with Sam already, just by his looks at me and the tone of his voice.
"Now you are offering something I really can't refuse." Sam said as he rose and began removing his shirt.
After he had his shirt off, I took his hand and led him to our bedroom. There he removed his shoes and then pulled down his shorts and jock strap. He stood there wearing only his socks while I stared at his fabulous body. Indeed Sam was well endowed. He had a huge cock, the largest I had ever seen.
"So it is true." I started. "Black men really do have big cocks."
"Yes, and I'm bigger than most." he said proudly.
I pointed at the basket on the dresser. "That has condoms, including large sizes."
"Honestly, I'm allergic to latex. I've been propositioned for sex so much that I get tested every month for STDs. I'm clean, and I pull out before firing off this fire hose." He held his large cock and pointed it at me. "Judging by your book, you also have a lot of sex. I will assume that you get tested regularly and you are also clean. Let's get started."
Bill was already in the room with his camera, taking photographs. Sam appeared to not notice him at all.
Sam pushed me down upon the bed and spread my legs apart. He was such a powerful man that he moved me however he liked with such ease.
"Now let's taste that pussy of yours, Missy, and get you wet." Sam said as he lowered his head to my crotch and began licking my pussy with the largest, strongest tongue I had ever felt. I guess he either forgot my name, or gave me a new nickname. Sam licked me like a man possessed. He fucked me with his tongue, reaching deep inside me. I could feel the power of his tongue on my inner walls.
And when he went after my clit, I came. I gasped. My body trembled, my pussy spasmed, and my fluids gushed out of my pussy. He lapped up some and the rest left me wet all over my crotch and thighs. I was very well lubricated. He inserted two fingers, then three, maybe even four. He was fucking me, and stretching me out. He knew what he was doing.
"Okay, Missy. Let's see how this fits." Sam said as he rose up, crawled up between my legs and positioned his large cockhead at my entrance. Sam's cock appeared to be at least nine inches long, and thicker than Frank's.
"That's a huge cock!" I exclaimed. "I don't know if that will fit."
"Oh it will fit. I guarantee that." He said as he rubbed his cockhead up and down my slit, gathering lubrication. "A pussy can stretch quite a bit, more than you think. Every woman I've fucked has stretched for this. It may be painful. But I can see that this is what you want. That is why you wanted me to come here, right? You wanted to be fucked by a big black cock. You wanted this big rod, and I intend to give you what you want."
Sam pushed the head of his cock into my pussy. It was tight, it hurt, but it wasn't any worse than Frank's cock. I took several quick breaths of air. Sam was watching me closely.
"Ready for more?" He asked. I sensed that he was truly concerned about me and that he gave me what I wanted. And I wanted a big cock.
I nodded and attempted a weak smile.
"Here's a bit more." Sam said as me leaned forward, forcing more of his massive cock into me.
I screamed. Tears came to my eyes. I was gasping for my breath. The pain was intense, but subsided quickly.
From the corner of my eyes I saw Bill lower his camera and step forward. I knew he intended to rescue me, however he could.
I waved my husband off. "I'm OK, Bill. It hurts, but I can handle this. I want this."
I took more breaths and tried to relax my vaginal muscles. It worked and I knew I could take more.
"Really? You want this? More of this?" Sam asked.
"Yes." I answered emphatically. "I've had large before. Maybe not this large, but I love the pain with pleasure. I'm ready for more."
Sam pushed again and even more of his large cock entered me. It felt tight. It stretched me. It ached, but was not a sharp pain. I looked up at Sam and smiled.
"More Sam." I said confidently.
Sam smiled and pushed in even more. Bit by bit he pushed more inside. I felt the ache, sometimes more intense that other times. But I didn't scream, I had no more tears.
I didn't know how much of Sam's cock I had inside and how much more he had to give me. But I knew that I wanted him to move more, to begin an in and out motion. I was certain at this point that my pussy could take this, and it would feel really, really good.
"Fuck me Sam. Move in and out. Fuck me." I said sternly.
Sam smiled and agreed. He pulled back a bit and pushed forward a bit.
Ah, there it was. Pleasure with the pain. I looked at Bill and smiled. He nodded and backed away, holding up his camera and taking more pictures.
Sam continued the small motions back and forth. The entrance to my pussy was accepting him. I was accommodating him.
"Harder Sam. Deeper. Fuck me Sam. The pain has turned to pleasure, and this is indeed the reason I asked you into my home."
"Will do, Missy. Will be my pleasure." Sam said as he picked up the pace of his cock inside my pussy.
"Oh Fuck. Oh Fuck! Fuck me MORE!" I commanded him.
Again, Sam gave me what I asked for, what I told him to give me. I was in control, again.
"You are a wild one, aren't you Missy?" Sam asked as he grabbed my thighs and began thrusting harder. "You are tight, but you like this, don't you?"
The pain was rising again, but not as fast as the pleasure. Damn this felt so fucking good.
"More Sam! HARDER!" I said emphatically.
"Damn! Missy, you are fucking fun." Sam said as his thrusts became faster and harder. He was filling my vagina. Soon I wouldn't be able to take more of his cock. But would I be able to take all of his monster?
Then with a hard thrust his cockhead hit my cervix, which hurt a bit. I winced and closed my eyes in a tight squint.
He paused a moment, pulled out a bit, and then resumed. "I reached the end, didn't I? I'll try to not do that again."
"Good. That's good. Keep going." I said.
We established a good rhythm and he continued to fuck me. Soon I felt my orgasm coming. My body was tingling. My pussy was burning, a good burn.
"Fuck, Fuck, Fuck. I'm going to cum!" I announced.
"Good Missy. Cum for me. Cum for me." Sam said as he kept up our rhythm.
My orgasm suddenly overwhelmed me. I screamed in pleasure, throwing my head back. My body shook uncontrollably. My pussy attempted to clench around his cock, but I was stretched so tight it made little impact. Damn this felt so good. I knew I had found a replacement for Frank.
Sam held me still, allowing my orgasm to subside. He slowly pulled out.
"Did you like that?" Sam asked. "Want some more?"
I lay there my orgasm still trembling in my body.
"Yes, and Yes." I replied "Give me a few moments."
Bill left and returned with water for both Sam and me. I took a few sips, as did Sam.
"What's your favorite position?" Sam asked next.
"Doggie!" I quickly replied as I was turning over onto my elbow and knees. I spread my legs and rotated my hips back, opening my pussy to his view.
Oh, Hot Damn!" Sam exclaimed as he moved in behind me.
This time he entered me quicker, filling my pussy again. He stretched me. It ached. It felt wonderful. I looked over at Bill and smiled. He smiled back at me.
"Fuck me Sam! Fuck me hard!" I commanded him.
Sam was a great fuck. He had a huge tool, and he know how to use it, even in very tight pussies.
"Oh Sam! That's so good. A little faster." I implored him.
Sam was hitting my G-spot just right and my arousal was rising quickly. My next orgasm was beginning, growing slowly.
"Oh! Oh! Oh!" I grunted between gasps for air.
Sam picked up his pace. The burn in my pussy increased. I could feel sweat forming on my chest and back. A tingle began in my body.
"Harder! Harder! I'm almost there." I rocked back into Sam, pushing him deeper into my pussy.
"Arghhhhhh" I screamed as my orgasm rolled through me. It was not as intense, no sudden hit, but it was powerful, a constantly rolling wave.
"I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" I cried out.
Sam paused a moment, holding my hips in his strong grip. My orgasm kept rolling on and on. Then it slowly began to subside.
Then Sam began pumping his massive cock back and forth into me.
"Oh. Fuckkkkkk." I moaned as Sam rekindled my orgasm and kept it going.
"That's the point, Eve." Sam said "Having fun?"
"Oooooooh, Yessssss." I hissed through clenched teeth. "This feels really good."
Sam continued fucking me from behind. Slowly increasing the pace, letting my pussy adjust to the size of his cock. The pleasure grew as the pain subsided.
"OOOOOOOOOOH" I moaned louder as a another orgasm rolled through me.
Sam stopped and held me close. As my orgasm slowly began to subside, he slowly withdrew his cock and sat back. I collapsed onto the bed. Sam drank some more water.
"I hope you're getting some good pics." Sam said to Bill.
"Absolutely!" replied Bill.
I raised my head and looked at Sam, more specifically at his large cock that was still very hard and erect. I though it incredible that I had taken some amount of that in my pussy.
"Question, Sam. How much of that did I take inside me?" I asked.
"Almost all of it. Not many can take that much. Must say that if feels really good to have pussy around that much of my cock." Sam replied.
"Let's do some more." I said with look in my eye.
Sam's face lit up. "Really? More? I figured you were done."
"Lay on the bed Sam. I want to be on top." I said to him. I intended to see if I could bottom out on his massive cock. Could I take all of it?
Sam did as I asked and lay on his back. He held the base of his cock so that it pointed straight up. I straddled his legs and raised up on my knees. It was obvious that wasn't going to get my pussy high enough off of him to accept his cock.
I stood up on the bed, a foot on each side of his hips. I then lowered myself into a squatting position. Sam held out his other hand, allowing me to hold on to steady myself. Squatting on the balls of my feet, was not the most stable position. He pointed his cock at my gaping hole, and I lowered myself until I felt him against my lips.
I stopped and held that position.
"Ready when you are, Missy." He said to me with a grin on his face. "You want to take all of me, don't you? I bet you can't."
"We will see about that." I responded to his challenge. I let my bottom drop an inch or so, my lips parting as the head of his cock entered me. It was snug, but it felt good.
"You've got a long way to go." Sam was still challenging me.
No longer needing to hold his dick, he offered both hands to me. I steadied myself, each of my hands holding one of his hands, our fingers interlocked. I begin to bounce up and down on his cock, just a little to begin with. There was little pain, I supposed because my pussy had been stretched out already by two rounds of sex. On each down stroke, I pushed down a bit further. I was really loving the feeling as his cock filled my pussy, stretching it. My face lit up in pleasure, a broad smile on my face.
"You're really enjoying this, aren't you Missy?" Sam asked.
"Yes, Sam. This is why I love a big cock." I said as I purposefully pushed down much further. There was a brief shot of pain, but it quickly turned to a sensation of pleasure. I think that Sam saw the quick change of expression on my face, first a grimace, and then a broad smile.
"How am I doing Sam?" I asked as I continued to push up and down a few inches on his cock.
"Looks like you are doing well. About half way there." He responded.
"How does it feel Sam? Do you like fucking this white pussy?" I asked, attempting to exert some control over the situation.
"Color of pussy makes no difference to me. I've fucked pussy of every color. What's important is how much does that pussy want me? I think your pussy really does want me. And it feels very good. Thank you Missy." he replied.
I pushed down with my hips, taking more of his cock into my tight tunnel. Damn, this was feeling REALLY good. I had little pain, just a slight ache, and a lot of pleasure radiating out of my pussy. I was more determined than ever to take his whole cock.
I pushed down harder, taking another inch of two. Still felt good, so without withdrawing any, I quickly pushed down more. Then I started pumping up and down, fucking this fine specimen of a cock. It felt really good and I felt a pride well up inside me, pride for taking control, pride for taking him, or at least most of him.
"You're almost there, Missy. You almost have all of me." Sam announced. It sounded like he knew he could lose the bet. Maybe I could take all of him. The pleasure from my pussy clouded my judgment and made me believe it would now be easy to bottom out on this cock, to take him fully inside me.
I rose up and slammed my body down, as hard as I could.
I let out a blood-curling scream, followed by "OH MY FUCKING GOD!"
The pain was intense as his cockhead slammed against my cervix and pushed it up inside me. I froze as the sharp pain washed through me. My hands squeezed his hands, our fingers interlocked, in a white knuckled grip.
But almost as quickly as the pain had hit, it subsided and turned to a pleasurable sensation. Fuck, it felt good.
I could feel the flesh of my ass pressing against his lap. I had him fully inside me. I looked at Sam and smiled. "I won! This cock is mine!" I said with some authority. I glanced at Bill and smiled. He smiled back as he moved in to get a close-up shot of Sam's cock fully inside my pussy.
"Slowly lift up so I can take pictures of how much cock he had inside you." Bill directed.
With Sam's hands holding me steady, I rose until the rim of his cockhead appeared between my lips. Bill was taking lots of photos. Fuck, his cock was big! And I had taken all of it.
I slowly lowered myself back down on Sam's cock. As my muscles had been stretched out, it was now much easier to take his cock in. I felt the tip of his cock against my cervix.
"About another inch." Sam told me as he watched my pussy envelop his cock.
I looked Sam straight in the eyes and slowly pushed down that final inch. He filled me. He pushed my insides. But I could feel my ass on his flesh and I knew I had him fully inside me once again.
Then I started humping him. I started slowly, with short strokes, and then picked up the pace, and took longer stokes. My pussy ached a bit, but it also felt so good, possibly better than any prior fuck in my life. I tried to make sure I bottomed out on each down stroke. I wanted Sam to know, that I had all of him.
"That feels good, real good, Missy." Sam said. "The curse of having a big cock is that many women want to fuck me, but very few can actually fuck me right, few can actually pleasure me. And you are doing a great job."
I had a warm feeling growing inside. I had conquered his massive cock, and it felt so incredible as he filled me, stretched me.
We fucked for what felt like an eternity, although likely only five or ten minutes. Bill took lots of photographs.
I felt another orgasm coming, and I knew this one would be big. It started with a tingle deep inside, then a throbbing in my pussy. I could feel my heart rate increase, I was breathing faster, and a sheen of sweat covered my body. I was pumping my cunt up and down on his huge cock and it felt incredibly good. I was addicted to his cock and never wanted this to end.
"Oh fuck, fuck, fuck!" I said. "I'm going to cum."
"Cum for me, Missy. Cum for me. Cum on my big cock which is deep inside you." Sam urged me on.
Suddenly my orgasm hit me.
"FUCK! FUCK! FUCK!" I screamed as I slammed down on his cock one final time and threw back my head. I froze and felt my pussy attempt to clench his cock. My body trembled all over.
"OH FUCK!" Exclaimed Sam. He grabbed me and quickly rolled me onto my back. He knelt between my spread legs as he pulled his cock out of my pussy and began to spray his cum over my body. His first shot hit my face, neck and breasts. My orgasm continued to shake my body, and tremble inside my pussy.
"Oh Fucking God!" he said as he continued stroking his cock and shooting shot after shot of cum onto my body. I lost count, but likely he had eight or more massive eruptions followed by several smaller ones. My body was covered in his hot, sticky, cum.
He had marked me as his. He claimed my pussy and my body for his use, as I had claimed his cock as mine.
We rested a few moments. Bill took several photos of the cum covering my body.
Them Sam rose off the bed, scooped me up in his arms so effortlessly, like I was a rag doll, and carried me into the bathroom and shower. He turned on the water, and when it was hot, turned the spray onto the two of us. With large gentle hands he washed my entire body, including shampoo and conditioner in my hair. I washed his body, spending an extra long period of time soaping his spent cock. We turned off the water, and wrapped our bodies in towels. I brushed my wet hair.
Then we joined Bill in the kitchen and sat at the table. He was transferring photos from his camera to his laptop.
"You two were fucking incredible. Was that as good as it looked?" Bill asked.
"Very good." I answered. I didn't want to say too much in front of Sam, but I intended to give Bill all the details about how I experienced that large cock.
"Maybe the best damn pussy I've ever fucked." Sam replied rather openly commenting on me.
We sat in awkward silence for a few moments. I'm sure Sam wanted to be invited back, and I wanted to invite him back, but I needed to discuss this first with Bill. Fortunately Bill spoke up.
"I bet you two would like to do this again." Bill said. "I think that is a hell of an idea. The only question is how often."
Sam smiled at Bill's idea. I knew I was thrilled.
I felt addicted to Sam's cock. Part of me wanted to fuck him every day. I knew if I did that, my pussy would soon be stretched out and only Sam could satisfy me. I didn't want to lose what I had with Bill, or with Jerry, or even others. Frank and I had fucked once or twice a month, but I didn't think I could go a month without Sam's cock filling my aching pussy.
Bill, and Sam were waiting my response.
"While I love your cock, my body won't survive doing you daily. And once a month is not enough." I said barely above a whisper.
"Once a week?" Bill proposed. It was as if he was the broker for this deal.
"Weekdays are tough, due to work schedules. And today you have really messed up my Saturday workout routine." Sam replied.
"I'm sorry." I replied quickly, although I wasn't sorry at all.
"Sunday mornings?" Bill proposed. (Later he told me that he suggested that so I could have someone else on Saturday night, and then spend Sunday recovering from Sam's cock.)
"Make it early, say 8 AM?" proposed Sam.
"That would be wonderful." I accepted his offer. "But not tomorrow, that is too soon."
Bill shook Sam's hand, as if closing a business deal. "See you here Sunday's at 8 AM, beginning a week from tomorrow."
"Thank you. Thank you both. I know we will have loads of fun together." Sam said. He rose, found his clothes and dressed. Before he left, we exchanged email addresses and phone numbers. We also got his home address, and it was just five blocks over. Then he was gone.
My pussy throbbed in anticipation of having Sam's monster cock inside me again in eight days.
- - - - -
After I dressed, I rejoined Bill at the breakfast table. He had made breakfast and coffee for me.
"How are you feeling?" Bill asked. He was well aware of how I felt after fucking Frank's large cock, and Sam's cock was even larger.
"My pussy is wrecked. I'm walking funny as my groin aches, and not in a good way. But it is not so bad." I replied.
"You didn't really answer my question earlier, how much did you enjoy fucking Sam?" Bill inquired.
"Your fantasy is watching me fuck other men. My fantasy is fucking a big cock. And Sam has the biggest cock I've ever fucked. He's loving and considerate. I could fuck him every day, but it would totally wreck my pussy. I wouldn't enjoy having sex with any other man. And I definitely don't want that." I replied truthfully to Bill.
"How did you feel about Sam fucking me?" I asked in return.
"I didn't expect what Sam said about his big cock being a curse. It sexually attracts women, but few women can actually handle it or satisfy a cock that size." Bill commented. "This may sound strange, but I felt really proud that you are one of the few that can pleasure him. It was an incredible treat watching you fuck that massive cock. When you sat on that, and bottomed out, I came in my pants. It was that erotic. I still wonder how you took that entire cock inside your pussy."
"Sam was right about a pussy being able to stretch quite a bit. I never believed that I could take all of him, but as I slowly engulfed him, it raised my confidence that I could take more. And more I did take until I had all of him."
I continued. "I want to say that I love you so much. And I want to thank you for finding Sam. He is wonderful and I'm looking forward to fucking him a lot more."
I knew that my pussy was in no condition to make love to Bill. But I had other ways to pleasure him. I slid off my chair and onto my knees in front of him. He caught my intentions and backed away from the table and stood up. I unfastened his pants and pulled them down with his boxers. His semi-hard cock dangled in front of me.
I licked and sucked his cock for a long time. I played with his balls. Every time he got close to an orgasm, I backed off. He thought it was torture, but he also knew, as I knew, that this arousal and tease cycle would produce an even greater orgasm for him.
And when I let him cum, he erupted almost as much as Sam had. But this time I had my mouth locked around his cock and I swallowed all the cum he could give me. Exhausted, he collapsed into his chair.
I licked off my lips the small amount of cum that had leaked from my mouth. I smiled lovingly at my husband for everything he does for me, and everything he allows me to do.
With a wicked expression on my face, I told Bill, "Let me know when you're ready for me to do that again."
= = = = = = = = = =
Sam - Epilogue
Fucking Sam every Sunday morning became a real treat that both Bill and I looked forward to. I loved being fucked by that monster cock, and Bill really got off to watching. Bill started wearing a condom as he often ejaculated while watching me fuck that big black cock. And Bill got my best blowjobs just after Sam left.
Sam also was loving that he had someone that could properly fuck him. While Sam loved to finish by painting my body with his cum, he occasionally would cum inside my pussy, which always triggered a massive orgasm on my part.
Sam once asked Bill if I could be Sam's girlfriend. Bill replied that Sam could borrow me anytime. Once a week was sometimes not enough for Sam, and I would get a booty-call in the middle of the week. Bill didn't mind me going over to Sam's by myself to satisfy Sam's needs. I always returned a few hours later, with a totally destroyed pussy.
I had been fearful that frequently fucking Sam would permanently wreck my pussy which would negatively impact my having sex with Bill and other men. However, my body learned to adjust somewhat to stretching around Sam's cock and it would recover within hours. I was often able to have great sex with Bill or Jerry later Sunday night.
Life was really good. So fucking good.