"Christy's available. She's hot. Why haven't you asked her out?"
"Laura, we've been friends forever, and I appreciate that you want the best for me. But I can handle myself on the girlfriend scene."
"I'm not so sure about that. Clearly, if you haven't asked Christy out by now, you aren't handling things very well. So, what's the deal with her?"
"OK, since you're a very good friend, I'll humor you. The short answer is, she's not really my type."
"I kind of guessed that from the fact that you haven't asked her out. You need to say more than that."
"Of course Christy's hot. Everyone knows that. But just because a girl is hot doesn't mean I'm going to go chasing. I go for certain things."
"Like what?"
"Those answers get a bit intimate."
"I can handle it." She looked at me expectantly.
"Here's what turns me on." I decided to just blurt it out. "A tight, athletic body. That includes the chest and ass, so I'm in A and B-cup territory up top, and firm down below. I like brunettes, especially those that let their long hair hide their face sometimes. I like them a little reserved until they get to know you and aren't anymore. I like them smart, playful, and wicked as hell. I like them to have really sensitive breasts, which seems to go with the smaller sizes."
Laura raised an eyebrow.
"I'm a wicked little boy, and I like ways to get a girl hot and bothered. I'll use and abuse any advantage I can get.
Laura rolled her eyes.
"So, now you've got my ideal. Let's talk about Christy. She's every man's fantasy—flaming red hair, at least a full C-cup in the chest, tall, flirtatious. Look at all the men that hit on her. Shouldn't she be someone's trophy wife? That's not what I'm looking for."
"Trophy wife! You of all people, Dan. I thought you weren't that dense."
"What?"
"So a girl's good looking, tall, curvy, vivacious. That means she's stupid or some sort of plaything?"
"No, I didn't say that."
"So what did you say?"
"I don't know! I'm just trying to explain that I don't think we would work out. I'm not trying to take Christy down or anything. And she sure as hell doesn't need me."
"Well, let me tell you something. A few things, maybe. Christy is extremely smart and accomplished. She doesn't parade that around, but believe me, it's there. That's part of the reason she doesn't date much—most men are looking for a trophy and that's definitely not who she is. Yes, she's friendly and flirtatious, but what's wrong with that? I happen to know there's a lot on the inside. You would too, if you opened your eyes and got out of your narrow 'type.'"
"Now let's move to the outside. Christy keeps herself very fit, and she enjoys all sorts of outdoor activities. She's just careful about keeping the sun off. You two would work out very well together on that front."
"Finally, let's talk about that wicked side you say you like. I happen to know that her natural playfulness extends to all aspects of her life. I think that you would enjoy getting her hot and bothered—a lot."
Laura blew out her breath. "I can't believe I'm here giving some ignorant man a lesson on women. The bottom line is this: Christy is solid gold. You're looking for brass. In fact, she may be too good for you. Trophy wife! Sheesh."
"Alright!" I threw up my hands. "Maybe I'm missing something. I'll ask her out, if only to find out whether you know what you're talking about."
Laura fixed me with her gaze. "If you have the guts, don't screw it up. Solid gold, remember? She's interested, but her standards are high."
"Interested, huh? Well, I wouldn't be much of a man if I passed on a hot babe that was interested."
"We'll find out how much of a man you are," Laura said, rolling her eyes again. "You've sure needed a heap of help so far."
"That's why I keep great women friends around—to give me a crutch," I grinned back at her.
"You owe me, Dan, a whole lot. Now don't disappoint me."
Of course, Laura's words infected my mind over the next few days. She and I had been very good friends since grade school—almost like brother and sister—and she knew me better than anyone else. So, Christy was interested. And maybe there was more to her than I gave her credit for. She certainly was hot, and my "type" started to evolve a bit toward curvy, leggy, larger-than-life redheads.
When I got the invite to a small party that Laura was hosting, I knew exactly what my little manipulative friend was up to. When I arrived, Laura greeted me. By some amazing coincidence, she had been talking to Christy, and she left us alone to attend to other guests.
"Hello, Christy. You look great!" I gave her a hearty hug.
"Dan. So good to see you again!" Her eyes locked onto mine, their searching look belying the bubbly greeting.
We made small talk, catching up on things. As usual, Christy's infectious personality kept the conversation fun.
At one point, she touched my arm and leaned in, feigning secrecy. "Here alone? Surely a handsome hunk like you would have two or three in tow?"
I laughed. "As fun as that sounds, I'm here alone. I have a friend that's said it's because I'm too dense to pick up on what's good for me."
"Sometimes friends can be right."
I looked into her eyes, but they showed nothing. I decided to keep going.
"In fact, that same friend has been goading me to ask you out."
"Oh really? And would you have done it if she hadn't goaded you?"
Suddenly, everything changed. The vivacious bombshell had disappeared, and I saw two eyes boring straight into mine. Behind them lurked a powerful intelligence that brooked no patience with fools.
"To be honest, probably not."
I saw a flash of anger cross behind her eyes, but then they went back to just intense. "A point in your favor for a truthful answer."
"It seemed like a good idea to tell the truth right then."
"Hmmm, he picks up on a few of the signals at least. So?"
"Am I going to ask you out?"
Christy just looked at me.
"Christy, could I interest you in joining me for dinner and a show next weekend?"
"That would be lovely, Dan." The easy, friendly Christy was back.
"I'll call you to work out details. Would Saturday work?"
"Perfectly."
"I'm looking forward to it, Christy."
"Me too, Dan." She leaned in close again. "Sweet dreams," she whispered, and then was gone. I tried to figure out what just happened.
Of course, Laura was right there and called out in a singsong voice. "You are soooo out of your league, Danny boy. I can't wait to watch this play out."
"Pretty smug, are you?"
"Oh yeah, and it feels great!"
We both laughed.
Christy skillfully avoided me during the rest of the party—always deeply engaged with somebody. Part of her appeal included her ability to focus completely on her partner. Only when she was leaving did she circle around to me again.
"Dan, it was lovely to see you again." She pulled me into a hug and then whispered into my ear: "Look forward to having you to myself Saturday. Bye."
"Me too, Christy," I mumbled back, my head swimming.
Of course, Laura was right there. "Christy, thank you so much for coming. No party would be complete without you. You add—what should I call it—a certainfrissonto the evening."
"My pleasure, Laura. Thank you so much for asking, and for assembling such an interesting and fun group of guests."
They hugged, and with a quick wink to me, Christy was out the door. Laura turned to me.
"I so wish I could be a fly on the wall for your first date! Oh, to watch Christy rework everything you thought you knew about women—it would be fabulous."
"Well, you're going to have to settle for a highly edited story of events. But I'll admit you're right. There's a lot more to Christy than I gave her credit for, and my type is starting to move a little toward tall, curvy, redheads. Whether I thank you for pushing me her way—we'll have to see about that."
"I'm feeling pretty confident, myself. I'll have to start thinking about what I want as a thank you gift."
"Tell you what. I'll thank you in advance by helping you clean up tonight. You can wonder how I'm going to punish you if you're wrong."
"Oooohhh. Talking smack already, huh? Well think your worst, cause I'm not worried."
We laughed and got her place cleaned up. I spent the next day making plans and then called Christy to confirm that they worked for her.
Over the next week, my mind kept returning to Christy, and how she had played me at the party. If that was any indication, I was really going to enjoy getting to know her better. In fact, I couldn't remember a woman setting my imagination afire so quickly.
Get a grip on yourself. You'll see her soon enough.Boy, I needed to be careful. I could see Laura's grin every time.
Saturday came, and I stopped by to pick Christy up.
"Wow. You take my breath away," I said when she opened her door. "That green dress really sets off your hair."
Christy tossed her locks over her shoulder, and then smiled.
"The flowers are lovely, Dan. You dress up well yourself."
Fortunately I had worn a dark suit for this first date. Something told me that Christy would dress up, especially to a nice dinner and a show.
On the drive over, Christy conversed with her usual sparkle, and the time flew. I went high-class for this first date and escorted her to an elegant restaurant with great views of the city and river—within easy walking distance from the theater. Of course, I had arranged a window table, but when the maitre d' got a look at Christy, he started.
"Madam, sir, please allow me a moment to adjust your table to something that better matches the occasion."
Christy winked. She knew she was a knockout, and she allowed the maitre d' to escort her to our table—the best in the house. I followed and watched her wake ripple out through the room. Both sexes took notice—Christy possessed apresencethat demanded attention.
You learn a lot by dining with someone, and I got an education. Christy knew food, she knew wine, and she knew how to handle herself. Once again, she proved a vibrant companion—composed, friendly, and completely comfortable as herself. The dinner flew by, and then it was time to walk her over to the show.
Of course, she was conversant in literature and the theater, and she moved with grace through the crowd. Charming an usher, she handed him her phone and posed us for a couple of pictures—turning up her wattage like some runway model. She even saw a couple of friends she knew, and introduced me as her handsome companion. I enjoyed the play immensely, carried along by our mutual enthusiasm.
Afterward, not wanting the evening to end, we strolled down to the river, arms linked together. We chatted and watched the street performers, then Christy charmed another person into taking some more photos. This time, she had us walk, her arm through mine, into the camera while it fired away.
"We'll see if the lighting allows a good picture," she said. "Something to remember the evening by."
Finally, I escorted her back to my car and drove us back to her place. As romantic as this evening had been, I knew how it had to end.
"Christy, you were a fantastic companion for this evening. I can't remember ever having such a great time."
"Dan, you made averyspecial occasion for me as well. I loved it."
"Would you mind if I called sometime soon, perhaps to arrange another get-together?"
"I'll look forward to it."
I took her hand, kneeled slightly, and brushed my lips against it.
"Thank you again for an enchanting evening. Good night, Christy."
"It was my pleasure. Good night, Dan. Pleasant dreams." Her words dripped with allure.
I walked back to the car and drove home with Hurricane Christy blowing through every corner of my mind. Wow. What a woman. The evening flowed through my mind as I fell asleep, mixing with dreams.
The next morning, I was not at all surprised to see a text from Laura.Meet for brunch?
Might as well get the interrogation over with. Where to?I sent back.
We met at a breakfast nook that Laura and I both liked. We sat outside on a beautiful day, and the place was bustling enough to make private conversation possible.
"So you can wipe that smug expression off your face." Laura had been looking at me until I said something.
"Why would I do that? Dan, you don't know it yet, but you're lost. It's written all over your face."
"Look, I'll admit that it was a great evening. Fantastic, even. Christy's much more than I imagined. But I'm not lost."
"Denial is the first step of the healing process."
"Fuck you."
"Uh-uh. I'm here to help you fuck Christy." Laura's eyes were full of mirth.
"OK, Miss Matchmaker. What's your inside advice?"
"Dan, Dan, Dan. You're dating a woman. Each one is unique. I can't help you if I don't know what's going on."
So that's how Laura conned me into giving her a pretty thorough itinerary of my date with Christy.
"So that's the play-by-play on our date," I concluded.
"That sounds like reasonably detailed version of the facts. Now, let's talk about the emotions. Tell me what you felt, and what you think she felt."
"And how is this going to help me again?"
Laura looked up to the ceiling. "Grant me patience, I beseech you." Then she looked back to me. "Dan, clearly you needed help even to ask the poor lady out. It sounds like she opened your eyes a bit last night, but that's just a start. You still need help, badly. How can your best friend truly help you if she doesn't know the true story?"
I narrowed my eyes. "And this is really all about helping me?"
Laura leapt to her feet, hands clasped to her breast. "Ahhhhh, the arrow of mistrust, shot by my best friend!"
I looked around at the other diners' amused glances. "Sorry, I get to take her out once a week. She gets kind of excited. I'll try to keep her voice down." I stood and assisted her back to her seat.
"You're bad," Laura whispered.
"And you're not?"
"That's different."
"Right."
"Emotions, Dan. Yours and Christy's? Stop changing the subject."
"Christy was amazing. She was comfortable in every situation—whether chatting with me in the car or imperiously strutting to her table. The entire time was just plain fun. What do you think? I was captivated. I left her place with my mind in a whirl. I really want to see her again."
"And how about Christy?"
"You know that's harder. Like I said, it felt like she was having a great time. But doesn't she always look that way?"
"Christy does enjoy life, Dan. But think a little harder. When have you seen her 'turn up the wattage' as you put it?"
"I guess I haven't seen that."
"And why do you think she was doing it last night? Might it have anything to do with who she was with?"
"Now that you mention it, we did make a dashing couple."
"Dan, Christy lives for a man that can keep up with her. There are so many aspects of her that are waiting to be nurtured by the right partner. Don't you see? Sheneedsyou. And you definitely need her—you just don't fully see it yourself. But you will."
"Pretty confident in yourself, aren't you?"
"I'm your best friend, right? I've been with you for years, and watched you go through your romances and breakups. I can see what you won't admit to yourself. And I can see this romance coming from a mile away. It's going to be a doozy."
"Well now that you have my life all figured out, I'm guessing you have some more advice you'd like to pass along?"
Laura smiled sweetly. "Of course I do. Nice work, by the way, at her doorstep. You choose the high-class approach, which fit the evening. Always keep them wanting a little more."
"Thanks; that's what I thought."
"But you're going to call her today?"
"Yes, but why the push?"
Laura rolled her eyes. "Remember, you getting some high-priced female wisdom here. Most of the time we make men figure it out for themselves, so you owe me again. Now, think about Christy. She's had her eye on you for a while, and you didn't pick up on her signals—"
She put up her hands at my protest. "I know. I know. Men are dense. But that's no excuse. She also knows you were 'goaded' to ask her out. Now to you, this looks like you finally came to you senses and realized what a catch she is. To her, it could also be that you took advantage of the situation to spend the night out with a dazzling plaything on your arm. You did everything right at the end of the evening to dispel that notion, but you've got a lot more to do, Dan. Remember, Christy is solid gold—inside and out. That attracts a lot of men who are looking for something shiny on the outside."
"Jeez, Laura. We've just had one date. I'll treat her right, but I'm not even sure where this is going, yet."
Laura smiled. "You'll do fine, Dan. I'm just here to chaperone you along. Now, you're calling her, right?"
"Yes, Mom. I'll call her."
"That's a good boy." We both laughed.
I did call Christy that evening. I thanked her and we recounted the night before. From the way she talked, she enjoyed it thoroughly.
"Perhaps I could interest you in another night out, then?" I asked.
"You probably could. What do you have in mind?"
"Well, since last night was high culture, I was thinking about shaking it up and going downmarket. How about a burger and then cheering on a Roller Derby team?"
"You're on! I hope you can yell."
"You bet, sweetheart."
"Well, since you're so sure of yourself, when are we going to do this?"
"Saturday. And by the way, you were beautiful in that dress, but this is pretty-"
"-Dan. I'll leave my white gloves at home. Don't worry."
"Got it. Pick you up at six?"
"Perfect."
Of course, Laura checked in with me during the week.
"Unique choice for second date. I bet she'll like it."
"Yeah. She nailed the high class experience. I'm interested to see how she handles herself in a different environment."
"And if she nails it, you want to nail her?"
I laughed. "Ialreadywant to do that. I told you before that she's a hottie. The real question is whether I'm going toacton that impulse."
"And?"
"Got to see if the magic's there, for both of us."
"Well, Dan, I think you'll find that Christy works her magic on you in any kind of situation. I'm looking forward to watching you fall. Now, make sure you call her again. Wouldn't want her wondering, would we?"
"No, Mom. I'll call."
"That's a good boy."
Saturday, I showed up at Christy's door with a small box of high-end chocolates.
"Wow, you dress down very nice, Christy."
And she did. Her tight black t-shirt emphasized everything she had going for her above the waist. Her jeans hugged her hips and legs, and they flowed down to black Converse sneakers. She wore a black ball cap with her hair emerging in a flaming ponytail. Every item had just the right amount of wear, like she was sayingI go out and look this good all the time.
"Why, thank you! I hope you're ready to cheer?"
"Always. Let's go."
So that's how another evening started with Christy. Once again, she lived in her own skin, yet somehow lived larger than life. We kept up a lively conversation over our burgers, and then an image jumped into my mind, totally unbidden: Christy, as my partner.This is how good it can be, Dan.
"What?" Of course, Christy had picked up on whatever tell I gave her.
"I just realized that I'm having a great time. You're a lot of fun, Christy."
"More than you expected?" Christy's eyes held mirth, but there was something more behind them.
"Yeah. I guess that's true. You...well...I..."
"Hmmmmm?
"Damn, Christy, I don't know! I guess you're resetting my expectations."
"In a better way, I hope?"
"Don't worry—way better. Just don't get too smug."
Christy burst out laughing. "Not rubbing it in on my date? Oh, Dan, you have a lot to learn about me."
"That's definitely true," I mumbled.
She winked. "I'll try to make it worth your while."
We bantered our way through dinner and then walked over to the warehouse for the derby. I took Christy's hand while we walked, and she bumped her hips into mine with a big smile on her face.
Christy was in her element at the track. She whooped, hollered, cheered, and booed with abandon, getting our section of the stands fired up.
"You're sure having fun," I mentioned during a break.
"I'm a bit of a hell-raiser, Dan. This is a great way to channel that. Thanks for bringing me."
"I'm having more fun watching you than the track."
Christy turned to me. "Well I guess I'm doing my job, aren't I?"
She let me chew on that while she cheered again, but I could see a faint smile peak around the side of her face.
When it was over, Christy thanked the folks around us for the fun time. They all thanked her back even more, commenting on how they enjoyed our cheering.
We ambled back to the car hand-in-hand, stopping at a bar for a beer and enjoying the evening.
Driving back, Christy turned to me as we approached her place. "Join me to share one of those chocolates you brought?"
"Love to."
Her place was unique, classy, intimate. I could see Laura in my mind sayingOf course it is. What else would you expect?
"Like a glass of port to go with your chocolate? Might as well add one sin to another?"
"I like the way you think, Christy."
We clinked our glasses. "To a great evening," Christy said. "That was an unusually good idea for a date. I loved it."
We sipped, and I watched Christy take a small bite of her chocolate.
"Um mm mm, that's divine," she said. I watched her savor the taste. Out of nowhere, my cock started hardening, and the thought rushed into my mind: Christy, naked, in tune with her body, savoring everything we were doing together.
"Penny for your thoughts?"
"What? Oh." I laughed. "Those thoughts would cost a lot more than a penny. Let me try this chocolate and tell you about that instead."
Christy winked and then watched as I took a bite. It seemed like she was looking for the same things I was before. Did I tune in to the experience? Did I enjoy it? Did I let my partner share in that?"
"Very nice. It pairs well with the port. Rich, creamy, seductive."
"Exactly."
We nibbled the rest of our chocolate in silence, saying everything with our eyes. When we set our glasses down, our fingers just naturally entwined.
I turned into Christy and leaned in, watching those eyes again. They were open-expectant. We both got closer, never breaking our gaze. I felt her hand on my back at the same time I touched hers. Slowly, our lips drew closer. Just before we touched, her eyes filled my world.
My lips sizzled and popped as hers ever-so-slightly brushed along them. I directed the sparks back to her and felt the fire burn between us. Our lips danced to a melody that was all the stronger for being unheard.
Then, our kiss deepened. Christy was everything, and I plunged in, heedless of where we were headed. Entire lifetimes passed in the caress of her lips on mine.
Finally, we both pulled back. I'm sure Christy saw the shock in my eyes.
"Wow. I didn't know that happened," I said, at a loss for anything more coherent to say.
"I always hoped things like thatcouldhappen," Christy said breathlessly. "Should we make sure it was real?"
"Oh, yeah," I replied, leaning in again.
Looking back, this was the point I fell in love with Christy. I just didn't know it at the time. I lost track of everything while my heart communicated with her through our touch. Many things were said-at many levels-in a language I only dimly understood. I could even feel Christy wonder at what her body was saying to me.
Finally, we both pulled back, a little overwhelmed.
"Christy, I..."
She shook her head, then touched her finger first to her lips, then over to mine.We've already said everythingwas what she seemed to be telling me.
Suddenly, everything was clear. I reached back to her and pulled her into a tight hug, nestling my face in her hair. She clung to me, and we held on to the feeling for a long time. Then I pulled back.
"Good night, Christy."
"Good night, Dan."
Sometimes I relive that night in my mind, and I wonder why I didn't pull her into bed and make love all night. Lord knows she was willing. Then I remember what was in my heart:You've got to take the long view on this one, Dan. Be patient and let things happen in their own time. The stakes couldn't be higher.
Just kissing Christy had been overwhelming. It was better to let my mind, heart, and body sort out what had happened. I needed time to build up to anything more. I drove home on a cloud.
The next evening, my phone rang.
"I wanted to say thank you for last night. It was perfect."
"You're so welcome, Christy. I loved it too."
"Maybe I could interest you in dinner at my place? You could find out if I cook as well as I kiss?"
"You must be a world class chef then. I'd love to. But I need to warn you-I'll need to do some careful comparisons between your cooking and your kissing."
"I think that can be arranged. Friday at my place about six?"
"I'll bring some wine."
"Lovely."
"And Christy?"
"Yes?"
"Friday seems a long way off. Would you like to meet for lunch one day this week?"
"I like the way you think, Dan."
We met Tuesday for lunch. I was interested in Christy's business persona since I had only seen her in social settings up until now. Of course, the tall, leggy redhead had it together when she swept into the lobby of the restaurant. We were in a casual part of the country, but she still radiated effortless professionalism. Slacks and jacket over a soft, very fine-looking shirt. Earnings and necklace just right.
"You look very nice, Christy. You're a combination ofI know what I'm doingandYou can trust me."
"I know what I'm doing, and you can trust me," she leveled, then laughed. But there was a hint of something serious in those green eyes.
As we were leaving, I turned to her.
"Thanks for meeting me for lunch, Christy."
"It was my pleasure, Dan. Don't forget about Friday."
"And miss judging your cooking? I won't forget."
Christy winked, and was gone.
"So you make out with Christy at her place, get yourselves all hot and bothered, and then you walk away? Boy, I wish I could have seen Christy afterthat. What are you trying to do to her?"
"You sure seem to be well informed," I replied. It was Thursday, and Laura had stopped by.
"Christy was gushing about this great date she had. Women talk about stuff like that, moron. Now stop trying to change the subject. You walked away?"
"It was the right decision. Kissing Christy was as intense as making love to a normal woman. That was enough for one night."
Laura's eyes widened in surprise. "There's more to you than I thought, Dan. That's very perceptive.NowI know why Christy was gushing."
"Well, it goes both ways."
"You just may be good enough for her after all."
"I'm so happy you approve."
"Oh, and by the way. She's protected, and very careful and discreet. I told her you were the same. So no need to bring any little foil packages with you Friday."
"You seem pretty sure of yourself."
"Christy invites you to her place for dinner after your little tête-à-tête last Saturday? She's not letting you go till next morning. Trust me."
"We'll see. But thanks for the scouting report."
"I should be charging for being your agent."
"I thought you were-getting to watch and gloat as Christy takes me down."
"I forgot. That is quite a bit of fun, Mr. Not My Type." Laura made quotes with her fingers.
"I admit it. I needed to open up a bit. Thanks for pointing that out."
"What are friends for? By the way, I have a feeling that Christy will impress in bed. She stays in tune with her body."
"I guess I'll have to learn how to play that body."
"Oh I think you'll do fine. You're already plucking her strings. She can't wait for more."
In spite of Laura's advice, I still packed a little protection and didn't set expectations too high when I got to Christy's place Friday.
"Dan," she said, pulling me into a tight hug. "Thanks for coming."
"I wouldn't miss it for the world." We disengaged and I handed her the wine.
"A red and a white. I wondered what you'd bring since you didn't ask about the menu."
"Often, I like to just put myself in a good chef's hands and see where they take me."
Christy stopped, a smile playing about her face. "Well then I think you're going to really enjoy this evening."
Many people have commented on how the stages of a great meal parallel the stages of seduction and love making. If so, then Christy put on a performance. We worked through small appetizers, some hot, some cold, at an easy, languid pace. Christy skillfully wove the conversation between the food and other subjects. She also wove a web around me. Sometimes she would have me close my eyes as she fed me some new morsel. It was like she was feeling me out-seeing what I liked and how I trusted her to lead me.
And trust her I did. But I also appreciated, especially when Christy was sharing herself with me.
"You are a great taster, Dan. You're making the chef happy."
"My Mom always told me that's how you get invited back."
"She was right."
We stayed active through the evening, moving through Christy's place between courses. We toured her deck, where we looked out over the view while we sampled a couple of items. Christy kept her wine close, her fingers almost caressing the glass. I knew that she wanted me to notice.
Finally, we returned to her table, where we sat for the main course. Christy sparkled throughout, and I was amazed to find how much time had passed when we rose to clear the plates.
"Christy, that was a fantastic meal. You are one amazing chef."
"Why thank you, Dan. Would you like to take a walk before we settle in for dessert?"
"Love to." I wondered at the phrase "settle in." From what I saw behind those green eyes, Christy infused her words with a deeper meaning.
I took her hand and we strolled around her neighborhood. She pointed out the attractions, and I got to see her world through her eyes. We took our time, ending up at a local park and swinging each other on the swingset. Christy screamed when I gave her a particularly hard push, laughing as she swung way up. A passing couple smiled indulgently. I was instantly transported back to early grade school, and I realized that Christy never let go of her inner girl. Just one more way she was impossibly perfect. Laura's voice mocked in my head:I told you so.
We got back to her place reinvigorated.
"Ah, dessert. Never should be left out of a fine evening," Christy intoned as she pulled some fruit tarts out of the refrigerator. "Join me on the deck?"
We worked through the small tarts, cold and tangy after the walk. Christy had thoughtfully provided some ice water as well.
"This is perfect after our walk. Is there anything you do wrong?"
"Ahhh, Dan, we don't have time for that long discussion tonight. But thank you for the compliment," Christy replied, winking.
"Well, if you do anything wrong, you're hiding it well."
"Perhaps I'll stumble with the next course."
"Somehow I doubt it."
Christy laughed and changed the subject, asking about my neighborhood. We discussed that for a while, then she took us back inside. "I'm visiting the little girl's room. There's a little boy's room around the corner if you need it."
I took her hint and relieved myself. I didn't know exactly what she had in mind, but me getting up in the middle of it was probably not part of the plan. Clearly, she planned on the evening lasting a bit longer. I found a toothbrush thoughtfully laid out and took advantage.
"We're not quite done yet," she said as she rejoined me. "Would you please bring that bottle of port and the two glasses?" Christy took a small covered plate and led me back to her sofa. She sat down and patted the place right beside her. I sat close, our sides touching, and Christy snuggled in. I poured a measure for each of us.
"Ahhh, I have no self control when it comes to chocolate," she remarked as she savored one of the crumbled pieces on the plate.
"Anything else where you lose your self control?"
She turned to me, her eyes sparkling with mirth. "Nice try, Dan, but you're going to have to learn those secrets on your own."
"It never hurts to ask," I replied breezily.
She laughed, then turned to me a bit closer. "So does my cooking compare?"
"It was fabulous, but then so was the kissing. And that was all the way back to last week. I think I need a more recent sample before I can give you a final answer."
"I'm breathless with anticipation." But Christy's eyes held a different meaning than the light banter of her words.
I leaned in, and our lips slowly closed the distance. First, the light electric tingles as our lips tantalized each other. Then the emerging eroticism of more pressure, and finally the raging passion of tongues making love to each other. I was hot and rock hard.
Christy pulled back, her voice low and throaty. "Shall we go somewhere more comfortable?"
"God, yes," I replied, pulling her to me for one more kiss.
Christy stood shakily and then reached for my hand. I let her lead me to her bedroom. The bed was already turned down.
"Come here," she breathed, and I lost myself in her again. Christy responded to everything I did, so I let her body tell me when to tease and when to stroke, when to hold off and when to tug at an item of clothing.
First her shirt. She clamped her lips harder to mine when my fingers toyed with the hem. I gently pulled and she raised her arms. The material rose to reveal the fiery red of her sheer bra. I caught a hint of her nipples pushing against the cups before she pushed her chest into mine while her lips went back to work.
My hands now ranged the smooth skin of her back. I varied the touch, getting a moan when I lightly brushed below her neck. My fingertips crackled with the connection. Christy toyed with the hem of my shirt and I raised my arms, eager to get it off. She pulled it up over my head and took a good look.
"You look good, Dan," she breathed.
"You're a dream come true, Christy." She smiled and then looked me in the eyes while her arms twisted behind her to unhook her bra. I kept my eyes locked with hers as the cups fell away, then I looked down.
"Wow. I don't dream this good," I said. Her full breasts rode proud on her chest, capped by long, hard nipples. I looked back into her eyes and let mine broadcast my appreciation. Christy's face lit up to see the truth in my words. She closed her lips to mine again and our tongues rejoined their dance while our hands explored expanses of new skin. I occasionally let my fingers trace the swell of her breasts, but didn't go further.
When I felt Christy brushing her nipples into my chest, I decided I had teased the poor girl long enough. I gently twisted her shoulders, and she took the hint, turning around and leaning back into me. She raised her arms and put her hands behind my head, signaling that she was mine to explore. I cupped under her breasts and found her lips again as she lolled her head back into mine.
"Ohhh, I'm on fire," she moaned. My lips had journeyed to the hollow of her neck, and I recorded the reaction, building a map of her body for future use-both good and evil. My hands finally closed over her full breasts and she thrust her chest out, letting me play her body.
I let my fingertips roam over each breast, feeling the sparks crackle as I ranged everywhere but where she really wanted. Her breath was hot, impatient, and demanding. I could feel her hips unconsciously grinding, looking for stimulation. Satisfied that I had her where I wanted her, I let my fingers close over each nipple.
"Oh, God," she exclaimed as her body jerked against me. I kept the pressure light, learning her nipples with my sense of touch. They trembled under my fingers as I explored, marveling at how long and hard they had become.
"You are perfect," I whispered into her ear as I switched from exploring to pleasuring. Her throaty moan told me she was right along with me. I quickly learned that her nipples were super sensitive, as she bucked and gasped with each new sensation. It hit me that Christy responded to lovemaking like everything else: sensitive, passionate, fully in the moment. She was magnificent.
I used and misused her nipples to build her to the boiling point. The heat radiated off her heaving skin. Finally, I let my hands wander down to her hips.
"Yes," she hissed. I found the button of her jeans and slowly undid it. The zipper slid next, and then I was peeling the fabric over her hips.
"You have me all hotted up," she offered as I knelt down to slide the jeans from her legs. The scent of hot pussy flooded my senses, and I guessed she was referring to the soaked panties she expected me to find.
"I like a hotted up Christy," I replied, my voice letting her know that I was more than okay with her arousal. And yes, her panties were soaked. My kind of girl.
I moved around to her front as I got her jeans off. I kissed my way up her squirming body, noting the long, tight legs and graceful swell of her hips. Each kiss got a slightly different reaction, and I added to my catalog of her body, hoping to put each entry to good use-or misuse. One thing was true: Christy's body was sensitive. When my lips got back to hers, I embraced her again.
Christy vamped her body over mine, rubbing her leg between mine and dragging her nipples over my chest. She was in no hurry to get my pants off, and it hit me that she was enjoying the mismatch in our dress. I hoped that this was a sign of our future, Christy and I exploring all the possible roles between us.
I got another sign when Christy starting sinking down, dragging her lips in an electric path down my chest. When she reached my pants, she unbuckled, undid the fly, and unzipped. My pants and boxers all came off at once, and with a heartfelt sigh, my cock finally sprang free.
I watched Christy take a good look at the goods, a smile playing about her lips, then she got my pants legs over my feet and tossed everything with a gesture that said it wouldn't be needed for a long time.
She worked her lips back up my body in a trail of fire, probing, testing, gauging reactions. When she got to my lips, she fastened back on and gently but firmly turned us around. Then she started her advance, slowly pushing me backwards toward her bed, each step another chance to rub, drag, or caress. My cock hardened even more to pick up on her subtle signals:You are naked; I am not. I'm going to do the playing for awhile.
And play she did. My knees touched the edge of her bed, and she guided me down, her lips never leaving mine. When she had me where she wanted me, she trailed her lips down my chest, stopping to tease the nipples a bit before moving inexorably lower. My abdomen heaved as her lips traced over, and she chuckled under her breath. I could tellthatpiece of news was being filed away.
She went lower, and began her seduction of my cock. Of course, she used the indirect approach, visiting all the territory around while my straining pole waved in the air. After enough of that interrogation, she started aiming gentle breaths my way. I shivered as my skin was finally stimulated, knowing that she was drinking in every detail.
Finally! A touch. Just a gentle brush with her tongue, but I groaned, lost in my need. The touches started coming more often, and eventually she got her lips involved. When the length of my cock was sizzling, she moved to the head, chuckling again at the deep groan that came out of my mouth.
After enough torture of the head, icy fire traveled down my rod. I squirmed and quivered under her. She picked that moment to plunge down, her warm, wet mouth a vivid contrast to the ice.
She didn't retreat, sucking hard and taking the base in her hand.
"Oh my God!" I groaned. Christy just hummed her acknowledgement as she repeatedly engulfed me. She had switched from teasing to pleasuring, and good lord, did she know how to do that.
First the plunge, with tight lips following the contours of my shaft. Her tongue followed, swirling around the head and then downward. Then the suction, as she pulled back with tongue swirling again. Yes, she was skilled, but I could tell that she really wanted to pleasure me, and that made all the difference. Her hand gently grasped the base, more to prolong the sensations at this point.
That changed, and she went into overdrive to finish me off. The hand started twisting, following her lips up and down my rod. Her tongue coated everything with a thick layer of lubrication, so her hand felt like an extension of her warm, wet, impossibly sexy mouth. I looked down and saw her fiery locks bobbing over my groin, and that did it. The heavy load pooling in my balls stirred as the pleasure radiated down my legs.
"Christy, I'm gonna cum," I warned. In answer, she sucked harder.
The intensity grew until it consumed my world. I held back as long as I could, my body bowing off the bed. Then I exploded into Christy's willing mouth.
"Oh, fuck!" I yelled.
My cum surged past Christy's squeezing hand, struggled past her lips, and then spewed into the vacuum of her mouth. She rode me through every blast, sucking impossibly hard. I didn't know such pleasure was even possible.
Finally, the contractions died down, and I relaxed onto the bed, just savoring Christy's warmth around me. She gently swirled her tongue over everything, getting me squeaky clean and prolonging the afterglow. After a long sigh from me, she slowly eased off and rested her head on my leg.
"My God, Christy, that was mind-blowing," I mumbled, still in a daze.
"I was inspired."
"I'll say. Come up here." I guided her face up to mine and pulled her down for a long, passionate kiss, tasting myself in her mouth and expressing my gratitude with my lips.
Soon, I guided her under me, determined to give her an experience to remember. I hovered over her, journeying down her lovely neck and then back to those expressive lips. She squirmed and twisted under me, her entire body responding to my kisses. My heart thrilled to realize what I held in my hands: it was like getting to play a concert grand piano after a lifetime of toy instruments.
Eventually I journeyed lower, and spent some time exploring those breasts that had teased my eyes so many times. Wow. They rode proud and firm on her chest. Best yet, her nipples stood at full attention, surrounded by deep red aureola. I worked my way up, circling each breast and feeling out Christy's responses.
When I grazed the first aureole, Christy gasped. I carefully worked around it, avoiding the nipple heaving so near. My tongue explored the texture while Christy writhed under me.
"Yessss," she moaned when I flicked up and captured a nipple with my tongue. I enclosed the hard nubbin with my lips, marveling at its length and stiffness. I had a feeling that Christy's breasts were going to be a very useful window into her sexual soul, and I exulted in the knowledge. We were going to experience many intense times together.
I varied my technique: kissing, nibbling, sucking, swirling. My fingers moved to the other breast, and Christy's chest heaved. The wet nipple slid easily between my fingers, and I gently pumped it, feeling the stiff flesh stretch and relax.
Christy's legs twisted under me, and then a heady scent of hot pussy hit my nose. The pheromones shot straight into the primitive core of my brain and compelled me to find the source. Leaving my fingers to pleasure her breasts, I journeyed down her abdomen with my tongue. Each lick took me closer to her furnace.
When my tongue grazed her panties, I pulled back and took a look. The material was soaked. I reached down to work them off, and Christy heaved her hips off the bed to assist. She wasn't wasting any time. I got the panties off her feet, and her legs opened in invitation.
Here was a pussy to adore. Christy had wisely kept her best asset-her fiery red hair-intact, and her neatly trimmed bush pointed straight to her core. Swollen outer lips cradled the hot pink inner lips, glistening in deadly attraction. Above, her clit just peaked from its perfect hood. I zeroed in, driven by primitive impulses.
Deciding I had teased the poor girl enough for one night, I saved the intricate exploration for another time, and moved to pleasuring. Of course, nothing was going to happen in a rush, so I started low, tracing my tongue over the outer lips.
"Ahhh," Christy encouraged. She stretched her body out and settled in for some much-needed pussy worship.
I toured around the outer lips, and probed deeper, opening the inner lips with my tongue. A potent rush of musk washed over my nostrils, and her tangy nectar tantalized my sense of taste.
"Yesss," she whispered.
I spent a while this way, letting her passion peak. When she started pushing her hips down, I moved up to her clit, starting on either side and then moving to the hood as she squirmed and bucked. Finally, I took a lap straight up her hood, lashing her now prominent clit.
"Oh God, Yes!"
I stiffened my tongue and worked the tiny pearl all around. When Christy's bucking hips made that impossible, I flattened my tongue and let her ram herself against me. She took the hint, grabbing my head and humping hard. Her breath came in gasps and her body had gone rigid.
Then she tensed impossibly tight and exploded. Her pussy pulsed with her contractions, and her horse cry came in bursts. As her orgasm came off its peak, she sensuously twisted her body, releasing all the stored tension and squeezing out every drop of pleasure. Here was a woman who knew how to cum. As she settled into the afterglow, I kept my tongue flat, letting her find her rhythm, and waiting for the next act.
Apparently, Christy was not a one-and-done kind of girl. When she figured out I wasn't going anywhere, her hips started a slow dance. I lowered my tongue and gently stroked again, working her excitement level up before attacking her clit again. This time she peaked up quickly, and I started the next phase of assault.
This time, I decided to see how Christy responded to her G-spot. I positioned a finger at her opening.
"Pleasssse."
Slowly I worked inside her liquid furnace. So much heat and moisture. I found the stiff area at the top and hooked behind it, finding the spongy tissue behind.
"Um mm."
So far, so good. Starting with very gentle pressure, I stimulated inside with my finger, and outside with my tongue. Soon, Christy ramped up the sensations by pushing into me. I increased the pressure as she demanded it, and soon I had her clit trapped between my lips, and her G-spot singing under my finger. Christy's breath labored under the strain, and when she got close, she pushed her hips off the bed, ramming her pussy into my face as hard as she could.
Her orgasm announced itself with a deep, ragged, half groan, half whimper. Her body rolled in waves, the muscles almost cramping before relaxing again. Finally, she lowered her trembling hips back down and then collapsed, spent. I gently withdrew my finger from her pussy and kissed both her legs before moving up and joining her on the pillow. She had her forearm covering her eyes.
"What happened?" she asked herself. I let her collect her thoughts.
After a rest, she lowered her arm and turned her body to me. Her eyes found mine and fastened on.
A sense of wonder, of gratitude, of reverence, passed between us. Christy had said it, but it was true the other direction as well: sheinspiredme. To find someone so in tune with their body-I couldn't help but surpass myself.
Christy smiled shyly and reached over to pull my lips to hers. We shared languid kisses, but we both started heating up again. Christy twisted slightly, and I took the hint, shifting over her as she rolled onto her back. I moved between her legs, and she pulled them back, offering herself. A hand snaked down to gently stroke my cock.
"A little birdy told me that you were well-protected, but I wanted to be sure," I said, looking into her eyes.
"She's right, and she also said we could trust each other completely. Thanks for checking first," Christy replied, placing my cock at her entrance. We both gazed deep into each other's eyes as I eased into the hot, wet, silk of her pussy. When I got close, she rippled her body, and I slid home, to gasps of pleasure from both of us.This is what making love really meansI thought to myself, and Christy smiled as she picked up on what I was thinking.
"Thanks for earlier. Its making this much more relaxed," I said as I started an easy pace.
Christy winked. "I'm a hottie, so I figured I'd give you some help this first time."
"You'll always be a hottie. I may need a warmup orgasm every time."
Christy laughed. "Shut up and get to work, you goof." She raised her head slightly and I bent down to fasten my lips to hers.
Making love with Christy was warm, caring, fun, and infinitely pleasurable. We alternated deep kisses with gazes into each other's eyes. Our hips danced together, sending a stream of fiery sensations coursing through us. But the rest of our bodies didn't sit out. Christy's hands caressed my back and arms, and I lowered my chest so she could twist and drag her hard nipples across it.
After a long while, I could sense us both seeking a goal. I moved my hips higher, the top of my cock now putting pressure on Christy's clit. A low, sexy moan signaled her approval. Thank God she had drained me earlier, or I would have climaxed right then.
A new level of heat suffused us both, and we abandoned the slow, easy pace to concentrate on building the tension. With each thrust, Christy's hips rose to meet mine. I ground my cock into her clit, and her ragged breathing matched mine.
Christy locked her ankles over my back and started humping in earnest. Her tongue was desperately dancing with mine, and her body writhed under me, stimulating her nipples and anything else she could touch. I was swept away with her, in thrall to the sexual heat radiating from her body and soul.
When she spasmed beneath me, some unseen but potent force hurled me over the edge as well. I can't really say that I climaxed; it was much closer to say thatweclimaxed. Or something. All I can say is that our bodies, minds, and souls touched ecstasy together.
After tenderly sharing tongue through the afterglow, I pulled back to look into her eyes. Once again, a lot of things rushed back and forth. Words were superfluous.
Christy pulled me back down, and we kissed for a long while. When it felt right, I slid out and lowered myself beside her. She sighed and stretched her legs out, then reached over to extinguish the lamp. Taking my hand, she turned away to spoon beside me. I turned into her and she clasped my hand tightly to her breast, sighing in torpor. I fell into dreams right with her. A lot had happened tonight, and we both needed sleep to assimilate an incredible, but overwhelming, sea of emotions.
Morning found us tangled tightly together. My body knew that it had touched hers closely all night.
I looked up to see Christy's eyes looking into mine. Of course, some sort of silent communication occurred. This time I caught a sense of us both affirming last night.
Christy leaned in and gently touched my lips with hers.
"Would you care to freshen up a bit and then join me back here? I'm not quite ready to get up?"
"I know exactly how you feel," I replied, my cock swelling. It was hard to calm down enough to pee. I took advantage of the toothbrush and let my waving dick lead me back to Christy's bed.
She was lying on her side, one hand propping up her head. The other beckoned me over. I slid beside her and she raised up over me, straddling my hips and bending her head down for another long make out session. Her fiery locks cascaded in a curtain around my face, setting off sparks along my neck.
I let Christy set the pace, my fingers ranging over the rippling skin of her back. When her breath blew hot in my mouth, I brought my hands around to cup her generous breasts.
"Um mm," she hummed.
As we heated up further, I moved to her nipples.
"Yessss," she hissed in my mouth.
I worked her higher, then reached down to her hips and pulled her forward.
She pulled her head up, looking a question. I winked, and she flashed a smile.
"Oh, goody!" she exclaimed as she grabbed the headboard and straddled my head. What woman doesn't like to ride a little face?
I warmed her up and then concentrated on her clit, letting her ride me to a shivering climax. She recovered and then shuffled back to my hips, grabbing my cock and impaling herself.
"Enjoy," she instructed and went to work, pumping my cock in her clutching, undulating pussy.
I put my hands behind my head and let her take me on her journey, free to let my body respond on its own. It didn't take long with a red-headed goddess astride me. I kept my eyes open and let Christy look deep as I quivered and groaned beneath her.
When she judged I had recovered sufficiently, she leaned down for a final session of tongue dancing to round out the morning.
Finally, she raised up again and looked down, a satisfied smile on her face.
"All better?" she asked.
"You could say that," I replied, laughing.
She winked.
"Interested in a shower together before you take me to breakfast?"
"Shower and breakfast with a pretty girl? I'm always up for that."
Christy rolled her eyes and eased off me, then swung to the side of the bed and held out her hand. I let her lead me to the bathroom and we splashed and teased our way through a shower.
"Ponytails are a girl's best friend," she said as she pulled her long hair back.
I laughed as I combed mine, happy that Christy knew when to go for glamour and when to dress down.
She took me to a neat little place, asking for an outdoor table. It complemented her casual outfit and baseball cap perfectly.
You know those times you just never say goodbye? This weekend was one of those. That night, we both were invited to another get-together sponsored by Laura. Of course there was meddling involved.
Later in the afternoon, I decided to run with the vibes flowing between us.
"Christy, would you like to meet Laura and her gang as boyfriend and girlfriend?"
Christy's eyes searched mine for a second, then her face lit up in a radiant smile. "I wouldloveto, Dan."
We got through all the congratulations and friendly ribbing at the bar with Laura and the gang. Later Laura cornered me as I knew she would.
"Wellthatdidn't take very long. Must have been a great night."
"I'm sure you'll get a debrief from your partner in crime," I replied.
"Oh yeah, and it sounds like it will be juicy. So, girlfriend material, huh?"
"Yeah, and maybe more. She's as amazing out of bed as she is in it. You may have outdone yourself putting us together."
"Danny and Christy sitting in a tree, K-I-S-S-I-N-G," she teased in a sing-song voice. We both knew how the rest of that rhyme went.
"Have your little fun, Laura. Your turn is coming."
"Oh, it won't be little fun, Danny boy. My best friend, falling hard? That'sbigfun." She winked and was gone.
"Your friend Laura looked pretty happy," Christy observed as she slid her arm into mine.
"I think smug and immensely self-satisfied are closer to the mark. She's gloating that she got us together."
"She has a lot to gloat about, don't you think?"
I nodded. "And she knows it."
I woke up tangled in Christy's arms Monday morning. Christy had observed that I should bring some items over to her place "to keep options open," so I had brought some toiletries and a couple changes of clothes.
"Options are good, are they not?" she quipped as she pulled me into bed Sunday night.
And that's how the Christy and Dan story began. Over the next several months, we came closer together, opening up to each other in many ways. We explored the local area together, took a couple of long weekend trips, and shared our interests. Christy continued as a inquisitive, fun-loving, and accomplished companion, whether it was canoeing down the river or cruising the art galleries at night. We opened up sexually as well. Two stories will give a rough idea.
The first was when she set me down one night, put some smoky jazz on the stereo, and proceeded to give me a private strip tease. But it went further as she starting rubbing her hands over her body. Soon they roamed to her breasts. Then to her ass as she turned to give me a clear view. When she turned back and reached down to stroke between her legs, I pulled my zipper down to free my raging hard-on. Christy winked and kept going.
Soon my pants were gone and we both watched each other climb to orgasm. Christy was so fucking hot. I think she knew that she had struck a chord in me. It was true: I liked to watch. Her climax ripped mine out of me, and I shot hard all over my chest.
"I think helikesit," Christy teased.
I laughed at her childish joke. That was one of the best things about her-we could be little kids together when we wanted.
After that, Christy opened up further, not afraid to pleasure herself with me around, or add a little finger action to my cock inside her. I even gave her a strip tease of my own, to a lot of lusty howls to "take if off!" Part of my ensemble included a strategic bit of cloth to capture the cum spurting out of my cock when I came. Christy's little game had turned me on in both directions.
The other story is more sensuous. One night we were making languorous love. Christy was lying on top, and my hands roamed her back. I reached down to caress her ass, and suddenly she groaned and jammed her tongue down my throat.
I wouldn't be much of a lover of I didn't react to that, so I explored, letting her guide me with her reactions. Always, it was deeper between her cheeks. When I finally touched the ring of her anus, she let out a deep, throaty moan into my mouth. Then she flexed her hips, pushing her ass into my ranging fingers. I started a firm massage of her ring, and she went wild, smashing her clit back into my cock and bucking into my hand.
She came like a freight train, pushing at the bed to arch back and strain her body almost to breaking. I watched the cords of her neck stand out in tension, then she exploded.
"Oh, fuck!" she screamed, and humped right through a mighty orgasm. Seeing the forces whirling through her body ripped my orgasm from me as well, and I howled as jets of cum sprayed into her convulsing pussy.
She finally collapsed onto my chest, her hair a sweaty, disheveled mess-just the way I like a girl in bed. Her body purred, and I took that as a sign to leave my fingers right where they were as she settled into the afterglow.
Christy started a very gentle rocking motion into my fingers, and I started some caressing of my own.
"Um hmmm," she whispered as she pulled her head back and fastened her lips to mine. We made out for a long while, her body purring on and on. We had connected in yet another way; another door opened. Christy finally settled her head on my chest and took a nap, saying everything about trust as my fingers remained on her most private spot.
Everything was perfect. We grew closer and closer, and I loved what I found in her.
Some might think that opening doors of intimacy and trust is always magical, but sometimes deep-seated fears can lay dormant in a hidden room and rush out when that door is opened. Looking back, it was inevitable that certain seeds I planted early, then forgot, would germinate in those dark places and threaten to choke out our carefully tended garden. Laura had warned me, and I forgot that, too.
It all started so well. Christy had invited me over on a Friday evening, telling me to be there "at 5:30 sharp, for pre-game festivities."
I wondered at the exact time. With Christy, it might be a surprise, but it was bound to something fun. I got more than I bargained for.
The door opened when I walked up, and Christy pulled me inside. I got a quick glimpse of a black teddy before she crushed her chest to mine and began making love with her lips and tongue. Waves of lust poured off her heaving skin. I had seen Christy in the throes of passion before, but this was different. She wanted something, and she wanted it bad. No problem, I thought to myself. I love making my girl happy.
She turned me around and advanced, pushing me back toward her bedroom. I liked when she took charge, especially when a bed was the objective. We got there and she guided me back onto the bed. I stretched out, and she went around to the other side. Facing me, she whipped the teddy over her head, slid over next to me, grabbed my hand, and turned away, dragging me close behind her. I snuggled in, and she sighed, pushing her arms up over her head and pushing out her chest.
I accepted the invitation-takeme-and cupped a breast. The skin was tight and pebbled, and the nipple was diamond hard.Christy is way turned on, I thought to myself. I palmed her breast firmly, and she squirmed into me, brushing her ass against my hips.
With gasps and shudders, Christy guided me to what she wanted. And that was lusty handling of her nipples and lots of grinding contact with her ass. Soon, she was writhing into me and moaning continuously.
Then Christy angled her ass so that my straining cock slipped between her cheeks. With a loud moan, she pushed back. Something hard brushed against the underside of my cock.
What the hell?I thought to myself. Then it hit me, and my entire body jerked in realization. Christy had a butt plug lodged deep in her ass. I pulled her tight against me and nuzzled her neck. She sighed deeply, happy to have been discovered.
Again, Christy guided me to grind deep, my cock pushing the base of the plug hard against her anus. Suddenly, she pulled her hips away. Her arm reached back behind her, and I felt her easing the plug out of her ass. Her arms reached for something, and I heard a lid snap. Next she reached back again and slid a cool liquid over my cock, warming it with her fingers. Then she squirmed back to me again, and she positioned my cock carefully at her anus.
So many things had happened so fast that I could barely keep up.Was this really going to happen?
I got my answer when Christy lifted her upper leg and splayed her hips open, bracing her foot on my calf. This gave her the leverage to drive her hips into me, and that's what she did. She held my cock steady, and the head opened her up and slipped inside the rings of her anus.
"Oh, God," she whispered. She kept pushing.
The butt plug had done its job, and my my cock slid easily into Christy as she slowly pushed back. After an inch or so, her hand released my rod and moved between her legs.
"Ohhhhhhh," she sighed when her fingers found her folds. She pushed me a little deeper, then paused. She backed me out a little, then pushed again. Slowly but surely, my cock slid deep inside her. She didn't stop until my hips had flattened her ass cheeks.
"You are so deep. So very, very, deep," she breathed, almost to herself. Her ass was sultry hot, smooth, and tight. I remained still and let her move how she wanted. With her foot braced on my leg, she could lift her hips and push in any direction. She started slow, but got more active as she accustomed herself to my cock and she excited herself with her fingers.
"Take me," she commanded, and I responded, twisting her nipple firmly and pushing my cock into her ass.
"Oh, fuck, Yes!" She drove her ass hard into me, and the base of my cock strained against her sphincter. We got into a rhythm, both of us pushing together, her fingers a blur between her legs.
I had been concentrating so much on Christy that my own orgasm thankfully stayed at bay. But as she thrashed above, the eroticism of the moment caught up to me, and an enormous pressure began building in my balls.
I felt Christy's body tense, and she dropped her hips to drive my cock as deep as her body weight would allow. I twisted her nipple hard, knowing that pain and pleasure danced together at moments like these.
For myself, I clamped down on my cock, trying to hold my own eruption back.
I made it. With a shriek, Christy came, hard. I felt the deep contractions pulse through her ass. Even her breast throbbed in my hand. That's when I lost it, and I howled my release as jets of cum struggled past her wildly clamping anus and sprayed deep into her bowels.
We both thrashed and whimpered through our orgasms. Finally, Christy's body relaxed into mine, and I released the pressure on her nipple. We recovered our breath, and then Christy sighed. I expected her to snuggle for the afterglow.
I was wrong.
Christy's arm moved back, and she pulled my hips firmly into her. She moved her upper leg along the lower, and started twisting face down. Her hand tugged at my waist, and I got her message, rolling my body on top of hers.Don't you dare let that cock slip out of my ass!
Safely in position, Christy sighed and adjusted her legs so she could arch her hips. Her hand slipped underneath to start its dance again.
I moved my arms and legs to support myself, and carefully pushed deeper into Christy. My cock had softened a bit after that clamping orgasm, but Christy relaxed herself and I slid in easily. Soon, I didn't need to worry; my cock was more than eager for a second round.
Christy felt the change.
"You can go hard, Dan. Not rough, but you can go hard."
I knew Christy well enough to understand the hidden command. In situations like these,canmeantwill.
I pushed down firmly, and she moaned her approval. She started pushing back, and I carefully adjusted my angle for the smoothest entry. Then, I drove faster into her.
"Yesss," she hissed, and she bucked back to meet my thrusts.
The first light slapping sound emerged, and it egged us on. Christy drove her hips up into me. Soon I was fucking her ass the way she wanted. The sounds of hot flesh slapping reverberated in the room.
Christy tensed, but never stopped bucking. She came with a yell, but just powered right through it. My balls felt her fingers slow for a moment, then they picked back up to further abuse her sopping pussy. Her fingers with flinging little droplets against our legs.
I kept my entry true and smooth, and I just started slamming into her.
"Yes! Fuck my ass!" Christy yelled. She was way gone, so deep into lust that she probably didn't know her name.
That did it. I'm one of those guys whose sexual response is deeply tied to his partner's, for better or worse. I had never been with a woman so abandoned into lust before. My skin prickled with the waves coming off of her. I almost felt faint with the intensity of it.
This was raw female power. No wonder they kept it carefully in check. It could be too naked; too dangerous.
But not this time. Christy and I slammed together, and I let her carry me along. At some elemental level, we fused, and her passion became mine. I lost track of everything but my connection to her.
Her soul blazed, and it was mine. White hot power; a dizzying leap into the unknown; timeless wonder.
Only later did I realize that an orgasm was involved. I don't know what to call what happened.
Eventually, some faint threads of consciousness tangled together, and I was aware of myself again. I had collapsed on top of Christy, and my body was trying to recover. I felt her stir beneath me.
What do you say after something like that? I had no idea, so I just nuzzled her neck, trying to communicate something. Love? Affirmation? Reverence? I don't know.
We shifted so I was lying beside her, and I eased my shriveled cock out of her ass. I held her as she drifted off, then I did the same.
When I awoke, dusk was filtering through the windows. Christy shifted, and she snuggled into me for a bit.
"Like to get a shower?" she asked.
"Love to," I replied. But I was troubled. Christy had yet to look into my eyes. She always did that.
We had an uneasy shyness about us as we cleaned up. We averted eyes and spoke overly politely and mechanically. I took her to dinner, but barely tasted anything. Lying beside her that night, I tried to think.
The enormity of what happened intimidated me, on many levels. First, what Christy had shared about her sexual self. Times were changing, but it was still true: the stakes were higher for women. Christy had confessed that she liked me in her ass; in some ways, she needed it. I could hurt her deeply with that knowledge. I had a feeling she planned for me to know before we went too much further, so she could judge my true character. Was I truly the right man to set her free?
Next, her display of raw, naked, feminine power. I'm not sure she planned on showing me that, but it happened. Would that scare me away? I'm sure she wondered.
Finally, the spiritual connection we made, the most vulnerable thing of all. Whether she planned to or not, Christy had invested a lot of herself in me. She required me to nurture it. If I walked away, that part of herself would be gone forever. I needed to sort out what I had invested in her, but the unease I felt testified that it was something big.
The next morning, I clung to her, but the thing was there between us.
Fear. That cold, relentless, destroyer of relationships. We both felt it, and it showed in our eyes. The effortless communication with Christy was gone.
It seemed like a good idea to give Christy some space, so I went home that morning and got some errands done that had been piling up over the last several weeks.
I called her that evening. Her voice was cold and dead. An icy sweat broke on my skin-something was really wrong. This was way more than the vulnerability of the morning. I put down the phone with my guts twisting in knots.
Worse yet, I called Laura and got no answer. That was rare. Texts went unanswered as well.
As anyone knows who has been in some stage of love-and face it, that's where I was-the flip side of the soaring heights is the bottomless pit when that love is threatened. The next several days passed in a haze of sickening obsession, trying to figure out what was wrong. I wracked my brain. Should I have held on that morning until we figured it out? I replayed events over and over.
Even my friend Laura was no help, and she and I had always leaned on each other in matters of the heart. I finally got a text answered one day:
Dan. Too much emotion. Give this some time, OK?
I obsessed over that as well-it could be read many ways.
Christy answered my calls, but I could feel that I shouldn't pester her, so I only made a couple.
Finally, as Thursday evening came, I sat down on my deck with a beer and resolved not to sulk, but to move forward.When the head doesn't work, use the heartI remembered Laura saying.
So I reached down and did. And the answer came: share my feelings. I called.
"Christy, may I come over to see you tomorrow? I feel like I'm losing you, and it's tearing me up."
She agreed. Her voice was short, but she agreed.
When she opened the door, my heart flooded with her conflicting emotions. Her eyes were red, but they leapt in hope before she clamped them down again. Her hug was a little desperate, but strained and formal at the same time. I'm sure I looked and felt the same.
We stood by her bar. I had resolved not to ask why, but to share and see where that led.
"Christy, I'm scared. Something has happened between us, and I don't know what it is. But I'm afraid I'm losing you."
That struck a chord, and Christy's eyes welled up in pain.
"Where is this going, Dan? I know I'm just a trophy girlfriend, marking time while you find yourtype. The tight little brunette minx, remember? But in the meantime, do I make a good piece of jewelry on your arm? You had to be pushed to ask me out, but do I keep you occupied?"
Her words lanced into me, and I winced with each one.
Her puffy eyes narrowed to laser beams, piercing my own. She spat out the next words, firing each syllable like a gun.
"Better yet, do I make a good fuck toy, now that you've sampledallthe goods?"
"Christy!"
"Don't give me that lamewhat did I say? what did I do?excuse stuff. Please. Just don't." She was ready to cry.
And suddenly, so many pieces fell into place. We judge ourselves on our intentions, not our actions. It is so hard to see our actions any other way. I wanted to argue. Didn't she drag me into bed with her? I wanted to explain. But my heart said not to, and for once, I listened.
"Oh, God, Christy, I can see how you might come to those conclusions, and you would feel terribly used. I'm so sorry that I've caused you that pain, especially with a little turncoat mutual friend whispering in your ear."
Christy's eyes softened just the smallest amount.At least you're acknowledging how I feel.
"What if I answer you by sharing what's been in my heart? All of it."
Her eyes widened. "That's a start. I'm listening."
I sighed. "This will be a long story, and its tough to tell. I don't share my heart very often. Not part of the standard equipment for the male species."
She didn't smile. "Take your time."
I gathered my wits and my courage. This was going to get worse before it got better.
"You're right. You weren't my type when I asked you out. It sounds like you got a pretty good description from Laura of what my type was. And I did tell her that you should be someone's trophy wife."
"Thathurt, Dan."
"I'm sorry. I didn't mean it to take you down. I liked you as part of my circle of friends, and I wouldn't hurt a friend. It was just that I was annoyed at Laura for meddling, and I was trying to shut her up about you. Look, Christy, I told Laura you were very attractive, you were vivacious, and I could see a long list of guys trying their luck with you. I didn't need to get in that line."
"That's what burns me up, Dan! Just because I'm a curvy redhead, and I'm friendly with people, I get labeled as some kind of bimbo, or maybe some kind of slut?"
I sighed in despair.
"Christy. I'm trying to catch up with all the things my words could mean. All I can say is that I didn't mean it that way. I'm trying share everything going through my heart at the time. It doesn't follow any logic or rules. So to be honest, I didn't pay enough attention to see your intelligence or your character. I just gave a quick explanation to get Laura off my case about you. Remember, my heart wasn't looking that hard for leggy, stacked redheads."
"You can say that again. I sent a few signals, but just gave up. You weresonot interested. I can't believe Laura talked you into it."
"Maybe if I tell you a story it will help you understand?"
"I don't know if I'll ever understand, but go ahead and try."
"Take my hands, Christy. I want you to feel what I feel. My sister always made me do that when she wanted the truth. It's hard to lie when you're holding hands."
Christy took my hands in hers and returned her intense gaze to my eyes. I could see a flicker of hope, and my heart soared.
"I was a young boy and wanted my first cap gun to play with the other kids. They all had shiny silver models, with pearl-looking grips, and I wanted the same thing. I had saved some money and my Dad took me to the toy store. We got to the cap gun section, and I reached straight for my heart's desire. Except, Dad wanted me to get a different model. It was a dark, gunmetal color with a black grip. It was heavier. It cost more. I didn't like it at all. It wasn't mytype. With me?"
Christy nodded. She at least wanted to see where this story was going.
"My Dad tried every argument and explanation to get me to change my mind. He said it was a much better cap gun; higher quality; it would last longer. He said it was like what he had as a kid, and 'they didn't make them like they used to.' He said I would be much happier in the long run. I wasn't buying it. Finally, he resorted to bribery. He said he would make up the price difference. Then he offered to buy me this huge box of caps. Then he added a belt and holster. He wasgoadingme, as you put it."
Christy's mouth twitched up just the tiniest amount.
"Finally, I couldn't pass up the pile of loot he was offering. I figured what the heck? I was getting about the same dollar amount in stuff I needed anyway, so I could always come back and buy the gun I wanted later. I took it to the cash register, and already I'm thinking maybe this isn't too bad. I took it home and tried it out, and it did have a very nice feel. It always fired, and it loaded quickly. The intrinsicqualityof the thing got to me. I started liking it more and more. Even the color and look grew on me. It was badass, not flashy, at least as a little kid defines those things. In a few days, you couldn't pry that gun out of my hands. Itwaswhat I really wanted; I just didn't know it before. Even my friends came to appreciate it. So the moral I learned is this: Sometimes I don't know what's good for me, and I need someone togoadme into it. I thought about my gun story when Laura started goading me over you. And she did a good job. My type switched to leggy, vivacious redheads pretty quickly. I haven't looked back."
I took a breath and squeezed her hands. "So what I'm saying, Christy, is that I admit I wasn't looking for your type before. Laura did push me into it. But I know myself, and I listened to her story. I followed her advice, and I was blown away. Besides being a tall, curvy, vivacious redhead, you are smart, funny, perceptive, passionate, and true to yourself. You are far more than what I wanted. I didn'tknowwhat I wanted."
I continued. "So where is this going? I don't know everything. I'm not ready to propose, if that's what you're asking. That's a big commitment right now. But you have a piece of my heart, Christy, that's yours forever. I don't know how I would live without you. You know, Laura said that I was looking for brass, and that you were solid gold. She was right. Believe me, Christy, I am not marking time."
Christy didn't say anything, but she looked into my eyes for a long time. I opened up completely while she dove deep within me and probed. I think I told her a lot of things, but as always it was happening at a level I only dimly perceived. But I know my heart told her I loved her.
Suddenly the connection snapped and Christy hurled herself into my arms. Hot tears ran down my cheeks, some hers, some mine. So much tension releasing. We cried with relief, tenderness, and finally, joy. We stayed locked together a long time. My Christy was back.
Finally, she pulled away, her face puffy and disheveled, but beautiful. "I'm not asking for a proposal, you goof." She laughed. "Yet."
She let that sink in, then continued. "Thank you, Dan, for sharing everything. I know it wasn't easy."
Then her expression changed, and her eyes filled with tears again. "Dan, I can't live without you either, and it frightens me. So much of me is wrapped up in you. I just needed to know."
I nodded and pulled her close. We held each other a long time.
We didn't let go the entire weekend. We held hands whenever we could, and slept tightly tangled together. We started like friends after a long absence, being overly polite to each other, but the bantering, wicked Christy slowly come back as Saturday moved into Sunday.
Sunday evening found us talking, and I was in a reflective mood.
"I'm glad I shared my heart with you, Christy. It felt wonderful to get that out and let you know. Maybe the pain of last week was for the best in the end. I guess I have Laura to thank again, but I don't feel very thankful. I feel a little betrayed."
"Dan, she felt terrible. I had shared so deeply with you, and I was feeling vulnerable and gloomy. I whined to her about the fact that she had to push you to ask me out. I challenged her on what the problem was with me, and she slipped up and gave away that you had talked to her about it. After that, it was only a matter of time before I wore her down. She tried to resist; she really did. She feels terribly guilty about it. She doesn't know how to approach you to apologize and try to make it right."
"So that's why she wouldn't talk to me."
"Dan, she's as scared as we were."
"I guess I can see how she would be feeling. In fact, knowing Laura, this will be some Big Deal between us. I need a way to forgive her and have her believe it."
"That can be pretty hard. She might think you're forgiving but not forgetting. And she might not forgive herself."
I leaned my head back on the sofa and looked at the ceiling, putting myself in Laura's place. I would be miserable, blaming myself.
Suddenly, I sat up and snapped over to Christy, my lips turning up in a grin. Christy flashed an intrigued expression.
"I think I've got a way for her to let go of her guilt. In fact, it would be good for both of us. But I better ask you first."
"I'm dying to know now."
"What Laura needs is a bare-bottom spanking on my lap. It would punish her as she deserves, but it would be over quickly. No long, drawn-out guilt trip."
Christy looked shocked, then turned excited. Her voice was throaty and wicked. "I'll give youanythingif you let me chaperone. It would keep you out of trouble with your jealous girlfriend, and it would put the icing on the cake as far as Laura's punishment is concerned."
"Just remember, I'll keep you to your 'I'll give you anything' offer."
"I expect you to."
"You're on. You aresoon."
"I'm always on, Dan. Someday you'll learn that. Now, let's call your little turncoat friend. Make her stew a bit."
"Wednesday, my place? I want her to have a couple of days to think about it. You'll pick her up?"
"Gladly."
"Let me have your phone. Laura isn't answering mine."
I made the call on speaker setting.
"Hi, Christy." Laura's voice was wary.
"Laura. Christy and I are here, and we have been through a very rough patch together. We're over it, I think. Christy?"
"We're good. We're more than good."
"Dan, I am so sorry! I feel terrible. I..."
"Laura!"
"Yes?"
"Stop. Drop the apologizes and confessions. I am really pissed with you, but I'm going to get this over cleanly. No lingering issue between us. You're my friend, so I'm offering you a way out."
"Um, okay?"
"Here's the deal. Wednesday, Christy's going to pick you up. She'll bring you to my place at 5:30 sharp. You're going to pull your pants down and get your bare ass spanked until your guilt is gone and my anger is burned out. When its over, it's over."
"What?!"
"5:30, Laura. Sharp." I cut the connection.
"Dan."
"Christy."
"Fuck me-hard. Be a man about it."
I pounded the poor girl until I was afraid her legs would give out. But she kept with me and screamed through a couple of epic orgasms. It was make-up sex with a dash of hot sauce: the anticipation of being really naughty with Laura.
"Thanks for giving meexactlywhat I needed. You got me going with the way you took charge with Laura."
I cocked an eyebrow. "Projecting a little, maybe?"
Christy's flush, and her strained look, told me everything. I pulled her close and hugged her tight. She buried her face in my shoulder, relieved to hide her emotions. I reached down and possessively patted her ass, foreshadowing things to come.
"We're going to work out together, Christy."
In answer she kissed my neck and held tight, her body trembling slightly.
Wednesday I got home and took a quick shower, then arranged a folding chair in the middle of the room so that a person on the couch would have an intimate view of events. I dressed in a black button-down shirt, slacks, and shoes.
The doorbell rang precisely at 5:30. I opened it to find Christy with her arm around Laura. Laura was looking at the ground so I couldn't see her face, but a deep flush encircled her neck.
"Christy, thanks for bringing Laura." I motioned them through the door and pulled Christy away to give her a long embrace and kiss. "Please make yourself comfortable."
Christy found the couch and sat down expectantly. I sat on the chair and turned my eyes to Laura.
The proud, confident look she usually possessed around me was nowhere to be found. If she could have shrunk within herself, she would have. Her face burned with shame, and also with a look of disbelief that she was in this situation. I waited until she finally looked up.
"Laura. You were a very bad girl. Christy and I had to go through a rough week to clear up the misunderstanding you created. I feel betrayed."
Laura flinched at the sting of my words.
"But I know you had the right intentions, so I'm going to make this short and sweet. I care for you as a lifelong friend, and I don't want some wall between us. You're going to apologize, then take your punishment, and then everything will be square between us."
Laura looked up, her eyes pleading. "Dan, I am so sorry. I never meant to say anything. I don't know what happened. Ifeellike I betrayed you. Can you ever forgive me?"
"I can, after youfeela little of my anger. Ready to take your punishment, bad girl?"
Laura nodded slightly.
"Then get your pants off, and kneel across my lap."
Laura glanced over at Christy, then at me again. I held her gaze.Of course Christy's going to witness this.I didn't think it possible, but Laura's face turned a deeper shade of red.
Then her hands slipped to the button on her jeans. I knew this was her consent to everything. Laura undid the button with shaky fingers, then she kicked her shoes off. She skinned her jeans and panties in one motion and bent down to get them off. When she stood, I took a good look. Laura's firm legs rose to a neatly manicured junction, a hint of pink in the shadows. I looked back to her face, and she stood there a little defiant. I could feel Christy's intense observation of everything that passed between Laura and me.
"In my lap, Laura."
She started forward, her eyes downcast. As she kneeled and draped herself across me, I caught a scent of hot pussy. Wow. I did not expect this. No wonder she wanted the panties off quickly. Laura fidgeted to get comfortable and arched her back slightly, completely surrendered. A deep, blotchy flush encircled her neck. I glanced over at Christy, who was looking right at Laura's upturned ass.
"She's wet!" she mouthed. Christy's face had started to flush as well.
"Holy shit!" I mouthed back. I had no idea what I looked like. My wildest dreams had never put me in this situation.
I took my right hand and touched Laura's back. She flinched. I traced it down her back and over her ass, palming a cheek to give her a moment to center herself. Her skin was pebbled and feverish. I pulled my hand back.
"Crack!" I gave her a medium swat. Something like a half-whimper, half-groan came out of Laura's mouth. She arched her back a little more.
I spaced the swats out, giving Laura time to think between each one. After about ten, she was squirming in my lap, her soaking pussy brushing against my leg, absorbing into the material of my pants.
Christy jumped out of her seat and stood over Laura.
"Get your hand between your legs and bring yourself off," Christy hissed. "You know you want to, you dripping slut. DO IT!"
Laura's body jerked under the lash of Christy's words, but her hand was up in a flash, worming between my leg and her squirming hips.
I kept up my pace, glad I had picked a level that Laura could take for a while. Christy strutted over us, her vibes warning neither of us to back off.
Laura had her hand pinned between me and her pussy, essentially humping my leg. Her fingers were sloppy with her juices, and I could feel my pants getting soaked. She had gotten into a rhythm, arching her back and rocking back to meet my descending hand. Soon, I could feel her body go rigid.
"That's it. Work that pussy hard!" Christy yelled, and that set Laura off. She screamed on my last swat, and her body quivered in my lap. I kept my hand possessively on her ass and felt the contractions ripple through her hips, while deep, guttural moans tore from her throat. Partway through, Laura threw her head back and twisted her body sensuously, squeezing every last sensation out of an epic orgasm. I love watching women cum, and I nearly blew at the sight of seeing this aspect of my best friend. In my peripheral vision, I could sense Christy intently drinking in the sight as well. Our mutual friend Laura had demonstrated that she was an intensely sexual creature.
Finally, the energy drained out of Laura and she collapsed over my legs, hanging her head and taking long pulls of air. She was sweaty and disheveled, but couldn't have been more beautiful at that moment. I resolved to help her find a man that could bring that out in her. I looked up into Christy's eyes, and she held mine. Once again, a number of things flashed back and forth. Something about how I loved Laura, and something back about how Christy understood. Something about this bringing Christy and I closer together. Something about what we had both witnessed in Laura, and how a sexual talent like that should not go to waste. Something about us both being completely on fire.
"Dan, get that girl off your lap and get up here," Christy said clearly. That shook Laura out of her torpor, and she twisted off my legs and sat on the floor, pulling her knees to her chest. I started to get up, and Christy grabbed at my hand, striding to the couch and pulling me roughly behind her. She faced me and started unbuttoning her shirt. Her eyes flashed imperiously, sayingYou'd better not keep me waiting.
I fumbled for my shirt buttons and worked them loose, trying to keep up with Christy. The only thing that saved me was the few seconds it took her to unclasp her bra. Her full breasts tumbled out as she tossed the garment away, and I caught a glimpse of diamond hard nipples before I looked down to concentrate on kicking my shoes away and getting my pants off before Christy ripped them off me. We both skinned our pants and underwear off at the same time, then Christy shoved me back on the couch. I used my hands to guide my fall so I didn't bang my head, and Christy took the opportunity to straddle my legs and grab my cock. She pointed it at her snatch and slammed down, using force rather than finesse to get it inside her. Fortunately, my cock was a bar of steel, and her pussy was a dripping furnace, so we mated perfectly as she dropped all her weight onto my hips.
She pushed both hands onto my chest, using my pecs as a hold while she bowed her back, grinding her clit along the top of my cock. She used her legs to pump me in and out of her. Her eyes bored into mine, telling me she was rutting for an orgasm and ordering me to keep up.No problem, baby,I communicated back. No romance here, just raw, animalistic fucking.
Or maybe not. Nothing was that simple with Christy, or with me, I realized with a shock. Even though Christy and I had neither kissed, nor nuzzled, nor caressed this afternoon; something deeply intense started flowing back and forth between us.We are made for each other,it said.Soft, hard, tender, fierce, private, exposed-all those things. We are made for each other.
At that moment, I knew I was sealed to Christy forever, and she to me.
We both looked deep into each other's souls as we worked ourselves to the peak and then crashed in ecstasy, our eyes acknowledging Laura's moans of pleasure behind us.
I forgive you Laura, and I owe you everything.
*****
How did this story affect you? What did it make you think about? Writing is rewarding, especially when you hear how people react to the story. Please take a moment to vote and offer comments, or click the link to send me personal feedback—I'll even respond! It means a lot.
Special thanks to DawnJ for her editorial assistance and encouragement!