A few things before you read this salacious tale. It's not brand new. I had it published before, but there were parts of the story that needed clarification. That's one of the reasons why I pulled it. There's more than a few things that I've added, as well as the subsequent parts to follow this one.
And be understanding of this as well, this is a tale of erotic fantasy, with magic, and, of course a witch; hence the title. But the main thing is, it involves the deep love a son has for his mother, and the kind of incestuous longing he has for her.
Please enjoy this. And again, a BIG thanks goes out to the great Kenji Sato for his assistance with getting this back on Literotica.

The Choctaw Witch, Part One

And The Blessing Of Cum Lust
It had been a few years since I'd been able to visit my friend, David Baxter, in Tennessee, and our time together seemed to go very well for the both of us. I was on my way back to Michigan traveling through the back hills of his home state, before I would finally have the chance to get back on the Interstate again.
It was about four o'clock in the afternoon, when I noticed my gas tank needed filling and I wanted to take a bathroom break as well.
I saw an old Shell Oil sign up ahead and figured I better stop at this one, because I might not have another opportunity for maybe another hour or maybe longer. So, I pulled my Buick into the gas station.
This particular filling station didn't have the new-style pumps, or have the ability to use a debit or credit card, so I had to use just about all the cash I had in my wallet to get the gasoline I'd need to continue my journey.
After filling my tank, I was just about ready to pull back out onto the road, when I started to hear a lot of yelling and screaming coming from alongside the gas station.
When I walked over to take a look at what the fuss was all about, I saw three men standing in front of one lone person, who I couldn't see...and whoever it was, was sprawled out on the ground.
"We told you, don't bring your sorry self back here no more. Don't you have ears to hear, you stupid, bitch-cunt witch?"
"Yeah, what do we have to do to prove we ain't fucking around with you, or your people, anymore?"
"It ain't right that you should tell me where I can or can't go, you bastards. This is still a free country, and I'll go where I want to!!"
"Says who, you stupid cunt? Just because you think you're somebody with those special powers, doesn't mean we're going to let you get away with using them around these parts. I've got a mind to beat the living fuck out of you, right here. And then nobody will ever know what happened to you, ha-ha."
So far, I had remained in the background, but once I heard one of them beginning to threaten what sounded like a younger female, I knew I had to step in and try to help her. Whoever she was.
"Hey guys, what seems to be the problem? Why don't we just let the young lady be?"
"Yeah, and why don't you just go and fuck yourself, you fuckin' Yankee? Nobody asked you to step in here, did they?"
"It doesn't really matter if anybody asked me to step in, or not. And if one of you motherfuckers takes one more move toward her, I'm going to kill that man. Am I making myself understood?"
Four years in the Marines helped prepare me for times like these. Oh, and the Sig Sauer P-250 I concealed carried on my left hip didn't hurt my chances either.
I finally stepped up to push the three cowards off and away from the young lady on the ground. And when I was able to get a good look at her, I was bowled over by her beauty. She was, as far as I could tell, about my age of twenty-four years, with long black hair. She wore a tight-fitting blue-gray dress, that revealed more than a little of the cleavage of her breasts, and came to a little above her knee in length.
"What's the matter with you assholes? And why's it take three men to gang up on one lone female? Doesn't anybody have any decency around here?"
"Okay buddy, you might think you're doing the right thing for her, but you don't know what she might do to us...and our families."
"What the hell, she couldn't do anything worse than what you're trying to do to her now."
"She's a Choctaw witch, and we don't want her sort 'round here. Our folks told us she's trouble. And trouble isn't what we need around here right now."
"Well, just back off from her right now, or I'll kick the ass of the first man that does something he shouldn't."
I was finally able to de-escalate the situation. The young woman told me her name was Eliza and she asked me for a ride into the next town.
"If you don't mind continuing your kindness to me, I'm staying in the next town. That is, if you're heading toward Interstate-Seventy-Five. That's where I've got a motel room for the next couple of days."
"What were you doing where I found you, what made you go there?"
"I was trying to locate some herbs and flowers for my brews and lotions. We Choctaw come here often to this part of the state. The things we use in our medicines and such-like, flourish here. Sorry to say, the locals are aware of us coming through, and always try to give us a hard time about it."
"I'm just glad I came along when I did, I'm not sure what those idiots might've done to you if I hadn't."
"I'm glad too, mister. Can I offer you an extra nice reward for saving me?"
"Aww, you don't have to do anything special Eliza. I've never liked bullies. And especially bullies who are men and pick on beautiful young women, such as yourself."
"No, no, I insist upon it, please? I want to do something very special for you."
There was something about her that just wouldn't let me refuse her kindness, and not take whatever special reward she was offering.
Once we arrived at where she was staying, she bade me to come into her motel room with her. And it was almost as if she had me under an almost-hypnotic spell by then. And not to mention the fact, of how alluring I'd found her to be.
She appeared to be around five foot, six inches in height, maybe a little stocky, but not too overweight. Like I'd mentioned before, she had nice breasts that she must've enjoyed showing off, because of how she uninhibitedly displayed them dressed as she was.
Upon entering, I could tell that it was only her and I there. She took the items she had gathered earlier, and began mixing some things together in a little dish.
"What kind of reward do you think I'm preparing for you...what's your name, sir?"
"Oh, I never told you my name. My name's Tom...Tom Brewer. What's yours again?"
"My name, is Eliza."
"Oh yeah, Eliza, do you have a last name?"
"It doesn't matter what my last name is Tom. All that matters is that the gift I'm going to give you helps you in life. Would you like that? Would you like your life to be better in the days and years ahead, than it's been in the past?"
"Yeah, sure, I guess."
"I don't want you to guess, Tom. I want you to be sure. Damn sure!!"
"Eliza, you seem nice, but you're starting to scare me a just a bit, right now."
"Oh, come on, Tom. What's to be afraid of with someone like me? It isn't like you've become attracted to me ever since I got in your car with you, or have you? Is it because you haven't been able to take your eyes off my body, or my tits, since you rescued me?
"Maybe it's because you'd like to pull off my dress and have me for your very own self, fucking me to your heart's delight on my bed here? Now, mind you, I'm not against you taking me and doing as you please. But first, understand that I am going to give you a gift that you'll take away from here...and if I read you the way I think I should, the first one you're going to use the gift I give you with....is your mother. Her nameisMargaret, isn't it?"
"How, how the hell do you know my mother's name, Eliza?"
"Do I have to remind you of my heritage, Tom? I am a Choctaw witch, and I do have special things I can do....andI'm going to give you a gift that you'll be especially thankful for not long after you arrive back home...in Michigan, right?"
"Yeah, I live in Michigan..."
After I told her that, I began to get a little on the drowsy side.
"Tom, I don't think you're looking so wide awake right now. Why don't you lie down on my bed?...So you can rest."
I guess I must've fallen asleep or something like it, but the next thing that happened to me once I opened my eyes was...
There Eliza and I were, both completely naked on her bed while I'm above her, energetically thrusting my cock into her welcoming pussy.
"Oh my God, what's going on? Eliza?"
"Don't try and fight it, Tom. I've put a magical spell on you, and for the gift I want to give you, we have to go through this ritual."
As alarming as I found my situation to be, the pleasure I was experiencing, being able to fuck Eliza, just about blew my mind. It seemed like at that moment, she had almost given me superpowers to copulate with her. We had been at this for a few moments and even though it felt very good, I wasn't even close to cumming yet. It was like I felt I could go on and on doing this to her.
"Yes, I know what you're thinking, Tom; why haven't you orgasmed yet? I want you to understand, that right now because of my chants, our bodies, and our flesh are merged. Your thoughts have become my thoughts. And what nasty thoughts you have. I can see who you long for, the woman that you crave the most.
"That's my gift to you, Tom. You'll be able to have any woman that you want—and I mean ANY woman that you want. We just have to give what we're doing here just a little more time. I want you to stay connected to me like this until you're ready. Am I bringing you pleasure, does your cock feel good fucking me, Tom?"
There was absolutely no doubt that being with Eliza was so far the most nicest fuck I'd ever experienced. It was if my body was on auto-pilot, and all it wanted to do was plow into this woman I'd only met about an hour or so before this experience.
"I'm going to tell you, Tom, the ability I'm going to pass on to you is very powerful, and I want you to use it in the best way. But don't hurt anyone with it. If you do, then you'll end up being just as bad as those men you saved me from earlier. Promise me you'll do as I have asked."
"Of course, I promise, Eliza. But...what kind ofpowerare you even referring to? I have no idea what it is. Are you going to tell me?"
"Your body will know what it is. And it will know when it's ready to give you what you want. I should say it will know when it's ready to give youwhoyou want. And don't be surprised when your body shows you what you need to do, to use my gift. Pay attention and obey the commands given to you when that happens, Tom.
"Oh, and another thing, you're going to notice that your sexual capabilities will be enhanced beyond what you're familiar with, too. Aren't you even curious why I chose you to give this gift to, Tom?"
"Yes, I guess that's a fair question. Even though I still don't exactly know what your 'gift' is yet."
"When I saw you come to my rescue today, you reminded me of my handsome brother. He was murdered a few years ago in Alabama by some of the locals where he was visiting. In much the same way as I was greeted by those men. There are many who just don't understand us, or care to, Tom. Your act of mercy touched my heart, and I knew then that I'd offer you this special gift to you."
All the while I listened to her, I was still driving my hard, stiff cock into Eliza...I then wondered if she could possibly get pregnant by what we were doing. Because I could feel an orgasm sneaking up on me, I thought I'd better ask her...
"Eliza, I'm getting ready to cum. Can I ask if you are you on any kind of birth-control, and can I cum in you?"
"Tom, it's vital that you cum inside me. For my gift to be effective, you have to do exactly as I tell you after you've ejaculated inside me. Do you understand?"
Everything that was happening was way beyond weird. Here I was, having the best fuck of my life with a complete stranger, who tells me she's a witch, and wants me to leave my load in her. It was just beyond bizarre. That's all I could think.
And then I felt my orgasm hit me. It wasn't like anything I'd ever experienced in my life. I could feel my cream shooting into Eliza, but for some reason, the quantity of it seemed more than usual, and my climax lasted longer than it ever had before.
"Now, Tom, I don't want you to move from this spot. I want you stay exactly where you are, and do NOT take your cock out of me. Leave it right where it is."
"But Eliza, we can't stay like this. I'm sure I'll get too heavy for you to take me laying on you."
"Nonsense, Tom. Just let me wrap you in my arms. Go to sleep for awhile. Yes, drift off for a good rest. That's right."
As what happened before, I felt myself going off into a deep sleep.
*****
When I finally woke up it was dark, and Eliza and I remained melded together with my still-hard prick lodged within her cunt. The birds had stopped making their noises, and the insects took up where the birds left off, sending night sounds to anyone willing to listen to them.
I found myself in a very horny condition now, with a sleeping Eliza laying directly beneath me. I began a sawing motion with my very-erect penis moving in and out of Eliza. My movements must've been what woke her out of her deep sleep.
"Hey, somebody woke up. Oh that's nice...and he wants to fuck again. Oh yeah, your cock still feels good inside me, Tom. Let's go for another round?"
"Hey Eliza, I'm good if you are. As long as we're here, we may as well make the most of it, right?"
We made love for another couple of hours after that. The fact that I lasted that long was simply amazing to me. At the time, I didn't understand all the ramifications of what Eliza had done to me.
"Remember, Tom, for my spell to work, you must cum in me this second time for my gift to work it's very best for you."
"Oh god Eliza...I've never had as good a fucking as I am with you right now. It's got to be like you said...you're a witch...and you've got me under your spell."
With me making that confession to her, Eliza positioned her legs around my torso, and then directed her pussy so my cock could sink into her even more effectively.
"Yes Tom, give this witch the fucking of her life...sink your cock deep in me...fuck me Tom..."
As our uninhibited copulation continued, Eliza finally said something that I hadn't thought anyone else knew about.
"I find it fascinating how much you masturbate, and think about your mother when you do it?"
"What? What the hell are you talking about?"
"You still don't believe me when I tell you that with our bodies locked as they are, that I can read your thoughts. It's okay, many men crave their mothers as they're growing up. It's just that not many of them will take the opportunity to have who they desire, when it's very unlikely that under normal circumstances they ever would."
"Eliza, you must have me confused with someone else."
"No, I know that I don't, Tom."
The truth was, she was right. I had been fascinated with my mother for years. Since the very first time I walked into our bathroom and saw her totally naked getting out of the shower. I couldn't believe how angry she was at me for seeing her in that situation. She wouldn't talk to me for days after that. I asked her why she was so mad at me, but all I could get out of her was...
'Boys shouldn't be gawking at their own mothers like the way you were looking at me when you stumbled in on me and saw me naked.'
My mother was a good church-going woman who for years, tried to get me to come along with her. But I wanted nothing to do with a religion that told me it was a sin for me to want her and other women, in the way that I did.
One time, when I'd taken her up on her offer to go to church with her, there was a woman who was very kind to me. Mom said her name was Kathy. Well, Kathy was telling mom what a handsome son she had...
"Oh, Margaret, how do you keep the girls off of this good-looking son of yours? If I was younger, I'd definitely give him my phone number."
Mom almost seemed like she was perturbed at that woman for making over me. But just a few minutes after that happened, my eyes found a very gorgeous girl standing there. It became hard to not look at her. She had beautiful looks, with a body to match. I found out she was the daughter of a visiting preacher. And her name was Vera Ellen Preston. Even though I never got to meet her that day, she was on my mind later that evening when we'd gotten home.
"Mom, let me ask you...does your friend, Kathy, make over all her friends' sons like that?"
"Tom, she can be such a tart sometimes. I couldn't help but notice how she almost seemed to be flaunting her body for you. Y'know she needs to realize that by her doing that, she could make you have unwholesome thoughts about her."
"Mom, what does that even mean? Unwholesome thoughts?"
"Lust. She could make you lust after her. There's too many woman out there who don't stop to consider what men are wanting, and what could happen if they lust after the woman."
"What could happen, mom?" Do you think it's wrong for a man to want a woman?"
"Yes. Too many men take it too far with women. And before you know it, the woman gets pregnant because she didn't tell the man no."
"So it's the man's fault if she gets preggers, mom?"
"Yes, it is, Tom. He's the one who has the capability to put his seed into the woman. He's the one who because he lusts after a particular woman, starts to have impure thoughts about her."
"Mom, that doesn't sound right. Matter of fact...that just sounds fucked up to me."
"WATCH YOUR MOUTH, YOUNG MAN, DON'T YOU TALK TO YOUR MOTHER USING THAT KIND OF LANGUAGE!!"
That's how it was trying to talk with my mom. She was a holier-than-thou person who sees things only how she wants to see them.
Anyway, after I'd cum in Eliza the second time, it was almost a repeat of what happened the first time. We woke up in her motel room early the next morning. But before she sent me on my way, there were other things she was going to do for me.
"Tom, everything up to now has been important for you to receive my gift and take it with you. But there's more linkings that must take place, and I need you to trust me when we do it."
I assured her that I'd cooperate in any way she directed me to. With the both of us still naked, the amazingly beautiful Choctaw witch had me lay down with the back of my head on her pillow. And that's when she brought herself over me in a reverse-cowgirl position facing rearward, gazing at my feet. With Eliza's crotch hovering over my face, she then elegantly lowered her pussy onto my mouth.
"Yes Tom...this is what's needed. Ohhhh, eat me you fucking stud. Yessss, lick my cunt..."
As her hips danced and swayed over my face, I felt the assistance of a force inside of me making my tongue dart out and thrust itself into Eliza's moistening sex.
"Yesssss, yes Tom...oh fuck...you're doing so well. In the future I want you to think back and remember doing this to me on the day when Margaret accepts her son's tongue pleasuring her cunt just-like-this."
With her hands jerking up and down on my stiff cock, Eliza rode my face, and my tongue continued its moving up inside her labia. I was just about blown away at the perverse words she used to spur me on.
"Yes...kiss my wet cunt with your lips Tom...and don't stop fucking my pussy with that sweet-luscious-tongue of yours. Mmmmmm."
Only taking just a few more moments of her pussy grazing against my mouth and lips, with her subsequently coming closer to her orgasm, I had an experience with a woman unlike any of my entire life.
"Oh fuuuccckK yessss. Fuck yessss..."
When the palms of my hands wandered up to massage her jiggling breasts and erect nipples, I could tell she was giving in to whatever pleasures were coming over her. Then the movement of Eliza's hips picked up an even faster pace as she shoved her hairy muff as much into my face as she possibly could.
Keetitchitaw...
Sommlymoocka...
Naiophitus...
Phidgetus...
Ammalocootchis...
yesss Tom, yessss Tom...you're making me cum...making me cum...oh dear godThomas, get ready. Mmmmmm!!"
With my hands returning to hold her rippling hips as steady as possible, she kept rocking on my face. All at once, without warning, warm, sweet tasting fluids gushed from Eliza's pussy and thunderously spewed into my mouth.
"Yes Tom...with this I bestow all of my consecrated essence unto you...
Keetitchitaw...
Sommlymoocka...
Naiophitus...
Phidgetus...
Ammalocootchis!! Drink of my ambrosial nectar and accept this consecrated offering from my body!!"
With her pussy directly over my mouth I had no other choice but to accept whatever the deluge of Eliza's overwhelming secretions were, and then swallow what I could of it down my throat. As that happened, I wasn't sure how it was possible but it was a voice I'd never heard before spoke. And for the life of me, I couldn't tell where it had originated from.

"It is almost complete."

*****
Doing what I could to recover from what had just taken place with Eliza, she aligned her naked body with mine and laid next to me on the bed.
"Oh Tom I hope you're okay, but just like you've sampled my...elixirs, now it's my turn to taste your cock-flesh. Just lay still here on the bed, and let me have my chance to do one last thing before we're finished."
Enveloping her lips around my quite erect rod she began fellating me. I found her lips to be extra soft. In times past I had had other girls do that for me, but Eliza, for whatever reason, seemed to be one of the best I'd ever experienced of sucking a man's cock.
"I hope you like what I'm doing, Tom. But just let me tell you, this will be the very last part of what my gift to you is all about. You need to trust me, and what I'm doing to you, so my spell will work in the way that it's supposed to. Do you trust me, Tom?"
"After all this, I guess I'd be stupid to not trust you."
For a few more minutes Eliza continued pleasuring my erect penis, until I told her she was close to finishing me. Which after about a minute, I shot my jism into her welcoming mouth. Once again, it was if the quantity of my load was more than I'd ever had in the past. But it was what she did after accepting all my semen. She brought her face up to mine and began kissing me and sharing my own ejaculate that was in her mouth with me. As far as I could tell, that was a part of the ritual as well.
When Eliza had her face directly over mine, I felt the necessity to submissively spread my lips open and allow the beautiful witch to dribble the remnants of my manly issue back into my mouth. As it hit my tongue and I began tasting it, I was reminded that in times past, other women had partaken of my semen as well. That was when I thought again of my mother, and by what Eliza had promised me, I hoped that she would also be one who could get a taste of what I just had.
"Tom, I hope our experience has been acceptable to you. And there's a few more things we need to talk about before we go our different ways, okay?"
"Sure...sure thing Eliza."
"First of all, how old do you think I am?"
As my eyes scanned her gorgeous naked body, I could only come up with an answer that made her laugh.
"I, I think you've got to be about twenty-three, maybe twenty-six...at the oldest."
"Ha-ha Tom. That does make me feel good. Evidently that helps me know that my magic is still quite strong. But no, I'm nowhere near the age you think I am."
"Oh my god Eliza. Then you've got to be older I'm guessing. Maybe thirty-five at the oldest?"
Peering straight into my eyes, the Choctaw witch's gaze didn't falter as I could tell there was something on her mind as we spoke.
"Tom, you've been good to me. And yes, I think what we've done is going to be good for you as well. So I'm going to trust you. Thomas Brewer, as of two months ago, I have reached the age of one-hundred and seventeen years young. And hopefully I'll continue to live if some of these backward town folk don't hang me from an oak tree anytime soon.
"With the way our Choctaw magic works, there's a possibility that whoever you share the gift with, the one being passed onto you, they just might also undergo an age regression similar to what's happening to me. But that's not something I can guarantee. I just need you to understand that, okay?"
With what she had told me about her age, for once in my life I was simply speechless. And could only stare back at her enchanting dark eyes that seemed to peer into my very soul.
"You'll probably never see me again, or I you, Tom. So I want to remind you again not to misuse this gift I'm passing along to you. There'll be dire consequences if you do that. So please heed my warning on this.
"And I just want you to drive safely home. And don't forget, start paying attention in the next few days to what your body tells you. And you'll know when you're ready to use my gift."
When Eliza spoke those words, once again I began drifting off to sleep. And later, when I awoke in the motel room, all evidence of Eliza and what we had done there, were nowhere in sight.
**********
Even though I was twenty-four years old, I didn't think it was a problem to still live with my mom. And neither did she. It helped the both of us, really. For me, it was a cost saver, and for mom, it helped give her the security of having a man with her most days. Seeing that I did most of my work from home on my computer, I knew that she didn't mind having me there, watching over her for safety.
But, the fact was, we really didn't get along all that great, and my first evening back home after meeting Eliza, I finally got up the nerve to ask mom about it.
"The truth is son, I can tell that sometimes the way you look at me, makes me a little nervous."
"Mom, are you serious, how do you think I'm looking at you?"
"Tom, Reverend Peter at church talks about this sometimes...I'm concerned that you might be looking at me with lust in your heart."
"Huh? That really sounds ridiculous, mom. The plain simple fact is I find you to be a very beautiful woman. Who could blame me for that?"
"That doesn't sound right to me, son. A mother shouldn't draw her own son's sexual attentions. Don't you think that could border on...being unnatural?"
"Unnatural?? Because I think you're attractive and have for many years now?"
"Tom, we shouldn't even be having this conversation."
"Well...maybe it's about time we had this conversation, mom? I couldn't help overhearing it, but years ago, I remember dad telling you how beautiful you were. And the truth is, I remember him pleading with you to give him what he wanted sexually in the bedroom. Do you remember that?"
"Your father didn't know how to control himself. Can I help it, if the urges he had wanted me to do things that were perverted?"
"Mom, what kind of perverted things could a husband ask of his own wife?"
"Like I said, we shouldn't be having this conversation, Thomas. You're too young to understand what happened between your father and I."
"Oh is that right, mom? Am I too young to understand that when dad was denied sex from his own wife, that he started having an affair with an elder's wife from church? And then they ran off together.
"Am I too young to understand that all he was asking of his wife was to give him what every wife is supposed to give her own husband? A blowjob...afuckingblowjob, mom!! Was that too much for dad to ask of you!?!?"
"Thomas, those are personal things that happened between your father and I."
"Okay, mom, but maybe you should know that from what I heard, all those good people at your church knew about you and dad, and what you wouldn't do for him."
"I tried explaining to your father that I believed our religion condemned oral sex, even between husband and wife. At least that's how Reverend Peter explained it to me."
"Hmm, maybe that's why that reverend of yours isn't even married...is he?"
"He recently became engaged to a very nice young lady from out of state. They're going to announce their wedding date soon. She's so nice, and a very pretty girl, too."
"Do you think now that he's got a woman, he might change his mind about oral sex? I bet she even sucks his cock for him now. You ought to go back and ask him if he's changed his mind about that, mom."
"Thomas, please stop with the filthy mouth. I don't want to hear things like that?"
"Mom, what does it take for me to get through to you. Normal people enjoy sex and especially oral sex. There's nothing wrong with it. And God is the one who created it, didn't He?"
"God created everything, son; yes, you're right about that."
"Mom, I don't like fighting with you, or us even raising our voices to each other. I love you, and I hope you love me, too."
"Of course, I love you, son. It's just that we have very different opinions about...about..."
"Sex, mom? It's okay to use that word."
When she did it, it caught me by surprise. But my mom came over to me and did something that was rare for her. She began hugging me.
"Mommy loves you, honey, I know I don't show it, or say it very often to you...but I do."
Our embracing continued as we spoke to one another...
"I love you, too, mom. And I'm not trying to hurt your feelings when I bring up what happened between you and dad."
"I miss your father, I miss having him here with us. I miss having the intimacy that he and I had. I just didn't want to go against my conscience, and do something that I thought to be wrong. A woman should never allow a man to put his sex organ into her mouth."
As she said that to me, and we were still tightly hugging each other, I couldn't help it, I began having an erection. I was just about overwhelmed at that moment, as my mother was allowing a rare opportunity for me to hold her so closely.
I brought my lips to mom's neck and started running them down the side of it. As I did, I felt her tighten in my grasp as it almost seemed that she was enjoying what I was doing to her at that moment.
"Tom, don't you think what you're doing is improper with your own mother?"
"Oh God, mom, you smell so good to me. I love you, and it's hard for me to not do this with us so close together."
Again my mom tightened her grasp on me...
"Honey, sometimes I guess mommy likes having this done to her, too. Everybody needs a good hug from time to time. Ooh, you're giving me goosebumps, kissing mommy's neck like that."
All of a sudden, it was if she had woken up from a trance and she pulled herself away from me, with an almost disgusted look on her face.
"See, that's what I'm talking about, Tom. It's the lust of the flesh that takes people down into a hellhole that they never can recover from."
"Mom, we were only sharing a mother-son hug. Is that so wrong?"
"It could be wrong if you make me have improper thoughts about what we're doing."
"Mom, improper thoughts? About you and me?"
"Oh, just stop it, Tom. I'm going to go get in the shower. I feel like I need a good washing before I go to bed."
From there, mom disappeared into her room. A few minutes later, I went to her door and listened as she had made me curious with her quip about her having 'improper thoughts.' I could hear movement inside, and couldn't tell for sure, but it sounded as if there was motion or movement on her bed.
I then did something that I hadn't done since I was much younger. I stepped outside and went around back of the house where I knew of a place where I could look into mom's bedroom window without being detected, or at least I hoped I couldn't. With it now being darker, and without very much sunlight, I had a clear view into mom's room. And what I ended up seeing totally made my jaw drop in excitement.
There, mom lay across her bed completely nude. She had her head propped up on two of her pillows with her hand busy, rubbing furiously at her sex. With how she was positioned, I had a clear view looking straight into my mother's furry pussy. As I watched my mother masturbating, I saw her hips move about as her fingers pleasured her.
And with the fact that she had the window open, I could also plainly hear everything that she was saying...
"Oh God, that's nice...uhhhh, ohhhh, ughhhh...ohh that feels good...ohhhhh!!"
The more she frigged herself, the more she raised her hips off of the bed in the excitement of what she was doing to herself...
"UGGGGHHH!! That feelssogood!! Did you want me to suck your cock? Oh, I just wish I would've now. Bring that cock to me now, I'll suck it for you, you son of a bitch. You want me to help you feel good? Well, you've got to help me feel good too!! Oh oh, uggggghhh!!"
**********
That next morning when I woke up, I found that mom had already risen, was dressed, and was sitting at the kitchen table reading, and having her morning cup of coffee.
"Good morning, mom. How are you this fine morning?"
"I'm all right, son. Did you sleep okay?"
"Yeah, mom, I did. Is there enough coffee left before I'll need to make another pot?"
Suddenly, there was a flash of a thought that almost shocked me as it came into my mind. I looked at my mom's face and lips. The sudden picture in my head was of her sucking my cock. That's the best I know how to put it, in one short-lived micro-moment, the image of mother having my hard cock in her mouth...came and went.
"Son, are you okay? Why are you staring at me like that? Are you sure you're awake?"
"What? Did you say something, mom?"
"I said, are you awake? You just seemed to zone out for a couple of seconds, Tom, and then you just had a blank stare...looking at me."
I wasn't sure what exactly had happened. But I did know that the image that came and went wasn't something that I could tell my mother about. Then I remembered what I had witnessed the night before, when I peered into mom's bedroom. Oh my God, did I get an eyeful?
For a forty-something-year-old woman, mom still had a very nice body going for her. I knew from the time I had seen her naked in the bathroom, that she had nothing to be ashamed of, as far as the condition of her body. Her tits still had that zing to them and didn't appear to be sagging hardly at all. Her waistline was nice and tight looking, as well. The legs that mother sported appeared to be of a woman about half her age, with an ass connected to them that I always enjoyed staring at, when I had the opportunity.
The main qualities of mom's that gave any hint of her age, was the slight bit of crow's-feet around her eyes, and the other was her hair. It had a salt-and-pepper coloring, that I actually found to be rather sexy. She kept it on the somewhat-shorter side, with the length coming to just below her neckline. And maybe it was because I was so sexually attracted to mom, that I liked it like that.
I was concerned that morning and wondered if she had heard me as I watched her frigging herself inside her room, if she could hear me outside, as I masturbated along with her, wanting her.
It isn't too often that a son gets to witness his own beautiful mother, unknowingly model her still-gorgeous, naked body to him. The comment she made about 'having impure thoughts' got taken up to a whole new level for me, as I watched her pleasuring herself last night.
If my mom knew the amount of lust for her that I had, that was generated by my watching her masturbate...she'd probably never want to speak to me again. That's when the voice first spoke to me.

"If you 're wanting mom...why don't you do something about it?"

Now, what was that? I heard it as plain as day, but I wondered where it had come from?

"It came from within."

And then it happened again.
"Of course, it spoke to you again. And you're going to continue hearing it until you do what's needed."
I wondered if someone wasn't somewhere playing a trick on me. But the only ones in the kitchen were mother and I.
"Look at that wonderful looking specimen of a female sitting at the table. Ask yourself, with what you witnessed last evening, isn't even she deserving of manly attention? Face facts, mom is in need of a good, hard fucking!!!"
I still heard the voice and became even more convinced that there was someone, or something, speaking to me through trickery. But all the while that that went on, my mother appeared to be oblivious to hearing anyone's voice, beside my own. I decided I'd better say something to mom, I didn't want to raise any suspicion from her regarding the voice that was obviously speaking only to me.
"Hey, mom, I just want to tell you again how lovely you look this morning. I've just got to have the most beautiful mother in the world!"
"What's gotten into you? Is there a specific reason that you're trying to charm me, son?"

"What's wrong with telling mom that you want to fuck her?"

"I can't do that!!"
"Can't do what, son? What are you talking about?"
"Uh...nothing, mom. I was just thinking out loud, that's all."

"Why don't you ask me who I am, aren't you even curious by now?"

At that point, even though I could definitely hear the voice and knew mom couldn't. I spoke out loud again.
"Okay, I'll ask, who are you?"

"I am your own lust!! I am the essence of all your base desires...And it's time that I am to be set free."

"How can you be set free?"
"Tom, how can who be set free? Tom...you're starting to scare me. Who are you talking to?"
By that time, I knew that if I kept up my conversation with the voice that my mom just might put a call in to 911. So I did my best to try and understand what was happening and got up from the table to get out of earshot of my mother.
"Okay, I'm outside now. And this has got to be the most insane, weirdest fucking experience that I think I have ever had. If you can hear me, would you please tell me what the fuck is going on, and why I'm the only one who can hear the things you're telling me?"

"What's happening now is the consequence of the gift that is coming from Eliza."

"But I don't understand 'the gift.' What is it, and when will I know what it is?"

"This is where patience is required, and it'll be handled from here."

"Handle what? Do what? Please give me some kind of fucking clue. Or am I just going insane and I need to have mom call 911 for me. What the fuck's happening here???"
"Even though there might be strong temptations, do not masturbate during the daylight hours today. Save everything for the first dose...which is going to be administered tonight. Now, get back inside and talk to mother. Under no circumstances does she need to be aware of anything going on."
*****
The rest of that day, thankfully, went without any other incidents which I had to try to explain to mom. I did the things that were required of my employer for my online responsibilities. Mom worked tirelessly in her garden, digging up things that needed tending to, as well as planting new seeds for some of her other projects. And by five o'clock that afternoon, we both rested, choosing to just relax for the rest of the day.
I called some friends, with some of them inviting me out for the evening, to spend some time at a local tavern that we would sometimes frequent. I almost accepted their invitation, and then I remembered the voice telling me about the administering of a first dose tonight. And truth be told, I was as curious as hell in trying to figure what that was going to be?
About eight o'clock, I went and sat down in the living room with mom as she was watching some television. I sat across from her on the couch, while she sat in her normal spot on her La-Z-Boy chair.
I guess it must have been the angle as to how I was sitting across from her. But I found it difficult to take my eyes off her. I realized then, that my mother had to be totally oblivious as to how attractive she was. Maybe it was the nightgown she was wrapped in, as well? I could see how her breasts were pushing up against her night clothing and giving anyone watching, evidence of how firm she still was there.
As she had her semi-exposed legs and bare feet propped up on the ottoman, I suddenly felt a strong urge to go over and rub them for her.
"Mom, when's the last time you've had me give you a good foot rub? It's had to have been years since I've done that for you."
I didn't even wait for an answer, as I got off the couch and went and sat on the floor in front of her, where she had her legs sticking out. I began massaging her feet, one at a time, first the right, and then the left one. I wondered if she'd say something about her not wanting me to do it, but this time, nothing came out of her mouth as she watched me give her my foot rub.
Finally she spoke... "Ohhh that feels good son, I like that!!"
"I know you like this, mom. Remember when I was younger, and you'd ask me to rub your feet for you? I think it was about just every night when you'd ask me to do this."
"Yes, I do...ohhhh, your hands are still working their magic on your mother. There's nothing like my Tommy's foot rubs!!"
"I love you, mom."
"I love you, too, son. Thanks for giving me this nice gift tonight. Ohhhhh, that feels soooo nice."
When mom mentioned the word 'gift' I thought about what Eliza said she was giving me. And then when she groaned from the pleasure of my massaging, I remembered her groaning the night before, when I watched her through her window, masturbating naked in front of me on her bed.
"Oh wow, Tom, wherever have you gotten the ability to make me feel so good? That's so nice, honey!!"
The sight of watching mom unknowingly and illicitly entertain me from the night before, stayed in my head as I continued rubbing her feet. I then noticed a slight shift in her legs, as I could tell she widened them just a little further as she still had her feet propped up on her ottoman.
There I was, on my knees on the floor in front of mom massaging not only her feet, I then moved up a little further to her ankles and calves. She continued to 'ooh' and 'aah' with her eyes closed, as I kept up the rubbing of her lower legs.
Listening to how my hands were pleasuring my mother's flesh, the sounds she made were much like the same groans and grunts I heard when she pleasured herself unknowingly in front of me the night before.
I was having trouble keeping my hands in check, as I then began running them higher and higher. And I wondered when mom would put a stop to my explorations of her lower body?
When mom spoke, she kept her head leaned back and her eyes stayed closed...
"Tom, your hands are running a little higher than maybe you should, son. I don't want to be the one that causes you to lust after me."
"Mom, I just want to make you feel good. Is that wrong of me to want to do that for you? Why don't you let yourself go and let me do what I think you want me to do for you? I know you don't like me using this word, but, to me you are just so fucking sexy mom. To tell you the truth, I want to rub my hands all over you!! You're the most beautiful woman that I know, and it's about time that you knew I felt about you that way!!"
"Ummm, are you trying to give me temptations that you shouldn't? Maybe we need to stop this now? I think his might be more than I know how to bear. And actually, son, it might be more than you can too. You don't want to set yourself up so you're pent up with sexual frustration. I know that men can easily fall into lust. And there are only two ways that I know of that they can get the relief needed, when that happens."
"Is one of those ways when a man gets relief from masturbation, mother? Is that what you're referring to?"
"You shouldn't ask me that kind of question, Tom. I'm your mother!!"
"Speaking of that, do mothers masturbate, too?"
"What's gotten into you, son? Earlier today, it seemed you were talking out of your head at the breakfast table, and now, you're asking me embarrassing questions about...about..."
"Masturbation, mother. I'm asking if mothers masturbate, too. And so far, you refuse to give me an answer to my question."
"Tom, I guess it's time we went to bed for the night. Once again, we've found something that we disagree on, and I'm just too tired to fight about it, son. I need my rest from overworking in the garden today, and I can hardly keep my eyes open. Goodnight, son."
Knowing how pointless it would be to take our conversation further, I told mom...
"Okay, goodnight to you. I hope you sleep well."
When we both got to our feet, I went to my mom giving her a, regular for us, hug, and a kiss on her cheek. Which she returned to me.
As I was walking to my bedroom, I heard the voice speak...

"Go outside the house, to mother's window again."

By this time, I had actually become accustomed to hearing the voice speaking. So I found it wasn't out of the ordinary to follow up on whatever the instructions it gave me.
I stationed myself once again, so mom hopefully couldn't see or hear me, as I watched her undress in her bedroom. As I stood outside the house, looking in at her, she still had her bra and panties on, as she stood next to her bed. But I could tell she was trying to decide something in her head. That's when she tilted her head to the side and quietly said... "Oh, what the hell..."
That was a decision I was glad she made because then, she removed the rest of her underclothes.
There stood my mother, once again before me totally in the nude, and running her hands over parts of her body. Mostly, she was rubbing her breasts, and the furry bush between her legs.
She then laid down on the bed, positioned so I had a great view of her fingers running over her cunt. It seemed as if it took her a few minutes to get her rhythm started, as she began really masturbating herself. It wasn't long, and she started talking, almost incoherently, to anyone that was near enough to listen to what she had to say...
"Oh, his hands felt so good on me. Why does it have to feel so good? Why does it have to make me have thoughts that I shouldn't? I wanted him to touch me higher, but I just couldn't let him do that to me, I'm his mother."
There I stood at her window listening in and watching my own mother masturbate...and she's talking about me. I couldn't help but wonder as I heard her say that...was I making her have lustful thoughts about me, about what I did for her?
"Oh God, yes...his...hands...felt...good!!"
She was really starting to go to town, fervently working her fingers into her slit. Bringing her climax closer and closer for her.
"Aaaahhhh, Tommmy, mommy likes you touching her like that...yes...rub mommy's legs, baby. I love how you make me feel sogood..."
As I once again got to see my naked mother pleasure herself, my cock became rock hard, and I slightly lowered my pants and undies, so I could bring out my stiff penis to stroke it. I began to slowly jerk myself off as I watched, until...

"Wait, don't do that!! Save yourself, mother is going to be ready in a few minutes."

'Wait the fuck for what' I thought. 'It can't get any better than this' was the next thing that ran through my mind.

"It's going to get much better than this, and patience is required."

I grudgingly did as I'd been instructed, pulling up my pants and fastening the belt, hoping I wasn't blowing a chance to cum along with mom when she had her orgasm. And almost like clockwork, mom started thrusting her hips back and forth, grunting as I could then see her finally experience a climax that almost looked like it could be painful for her. Her head rocked back and forth with what looked like spittle coming from her lips. If I didn't know better, it almost seemed to me like she had had some type of demon possession come over her.

"It's almost time, wait a few more minutes, and then you'll know what to do."

As I went back inside the house, I have to say I was at a loss as to where I was supposed to go. By that time, all I knew to do was wait for the voice to give me further directions. So I went and sat down on mom's La-Z-Boy chair, for what seemed to be fifteen or twenty minutes.

"It's time...go to mother's bedroom."

'Go to mother's room and do...what'? I thought.

"Go to mother's bedroom. It's time to administer the first dose!!"

"Am I supposed to go wake her up? C'mon, I've never done anything like this before. Give me some kind of a fucking clue here, because frankly, I'm nervous as fuck, and I really don't want mom calling the police on me, or even worse, the fucking looney squad thinking I've gone off my nut!!"

"Once inside mother's bedroom, you'll know exactly what to do. But getting there quickly before she might wake up is very important!!"

"Okay, okay, I'm going already."
I fought through my anxieties and did as instructed by the voice. When I got to mom's door, thankfully I found it partially open. Since I had already removed my shoes and socks, I was barefoot, so I was glad that my feet didn't really make any sounds as I ambled across her carpeted floor.
It was easy to see mom now, because of her nightlight, I could see her naked as she lay on her bed. It had been years since I had been able to be in my parent's bedroom when they were sleeping. But as I watched her laying there, it all came back to me of how she was somewhat of a heavy sleeper.
Now that I was standing directly next to where she lay in her bed...I waited. I waited for what next the voice might say to me, regarding why I was an uninvited guest in my own mother's bedroom...

"It's time to do what's needed. It's time to do what's needed, to bring mother into discipline."

Turned on seeing my mother naked, I lowered my hand into my pants. Finding once again my very rigid erection, I then lowered my pants and underwear, bringing my hard penis a few inches above mom's face and mouth. If at that time she had opened her eyes, she would've seen her son's privates displayed just above her face.
I then remembered Eliza's words... "Your body will know what to do," and suddenly, I understood exactly what was required to 'administer the dose.'
It was as if a wave of unbridled passion suddenly flooded through me, as I began caressing my cock and pleasuring myself with uninhibited lust for mom.
As I continued my stroking, I gazed at the woman laying on the bed, noting how I'd wanted and longed for her with incestuous lust for many years. And now, there she was, right before me. All I could think about was having my wants, desires, and longings to be relieved, and the sexual connection that I wanted with mom, to come to pass.
As it had been not half an hour earlier that I witnessed my mother masturbating on this same bed, I was now the one performing that same ritual while she slept and laid in front of me waiting for whatever was coming next. It had to be maybe, five, or could've been ten minutes, that I remained statuesque over mom, but feverishly jerking myself off. The fire that was within me didn't seem to be quenchable, or likely to be doused, anytime soon.
And then it was the tingle, the slight feeling of something special happening within my loins. That tickle you feel after you've been stimulated for a while. I knew it wasn't going to be long and I'd be climaxing.
While she lay asleep there could only be one worthy recipient of my creamy load. And because of the Choctaw witch's words, I now understood exactly where I would be depositing my cum. As my anticipated orgasm fiercely came over me, I did all I could do to silence any moans or grunts coming from me, relating to the intense pleasure overtaking me. With a fevered commitment, I aimed my erection as mom laid unconscious on the bed. As my thick, white cream began spewing, I made sure my cock pointed directly toward my mother's open and waiting face and mouth.
As I was overcome in deep pleasure, though she was asleep, I wondered if she could sense any of the huge amounts of my sperm that had splattered on her, and especially that which I had aimed specifically at her face. I could tell that there had been some amounts that made it inside her mouth as her tongue wandered out, and seemed to be instinctively seeking what I attempted to shoot directly onto her lips and into her mouth.
Once my orgasm had significantly waned, and I then stood stone-like above mom, she was making what seemed to be cooing sounds as her tongue darted out of her mouth and appeared to be on a search mission for her son's cum that I'd sprayed on her face.
I noticed a particular good-sized glob of jelly-like cum that sat below her lips, and had not reached the intended target of my mother's somewhat-open and waiting mouth.
As I looked at the arousing scene before me, my hands initiated their own movement, as my fingers began scooping that large sample onto my still-sleeping mom's searching tongue and lips, and then into her needful mouth. The fact that I was feeding the ejaculate that hadn't made it into her mouth, sent an immeasurable spellbinding chill through me.
I knew that whatever I'd needed to accomplish, with what just happened in my mother's bedroom, was as successful as I could have hoped for.
The fact, at that time, was that I still consciously wasn't able to connect all the dots as to why I had just done what I did. I had allowed whatever was inside of me to direct everything that happened as far ejaculating all over my mother's face in her bedroom.

"The first part is completed...and it's good. Mother has accepted the seed of her son...the process is underway now."

Okay, I knew that sounded promising, but what was 'the process' all about?
**********
That next morning, after leaving my bedroom, I saw that I was the first one awake. Mom must have decided to sleep in. I made the coffee and sat by myself for around forty-five minutes until mom came into the kitchen wearing her morning robe.
What I did find quite interesting was, in times past, she always had something on underneath her robe, but that didn't appear to be the case that morning. As we sat at the table together, I could tell that she was naked underneath her robe, and when she'd lean over, my eyes caught the alluring upper swells of my mother's breasts.
A few times I could tell she noticed my looking at her, and when she did, the hint of a flirtatious smile would come to her lips.
I finally spoke... "Mom, you're being kind of quiet this morning, is everything okay?"
"Everything's fine, Tom, I just had kind of an unsettling night, that's all."
"Unsettling night? Nightmares, mom?"
"I don't know how to explain it. Maybe just crazy dreams are all they were."
"Dreams, mom? Ooh, now that sounds interesting. Care to tell me about it, or were there more than one?"
"They were nothing, really. I think I was in some kind of room, but it felt like maybe rain was falling on my face. Yeah, large droplets of rain...and I was wanting the droplets to fall on my face...no...I was wanting the downpour to fall into my mouth, that's it. Like when I was a little girl and I'd go outside, to try and taste the raindrops and let them fall on my tongue when I stuck it out."
"Had you ever had that kind of dream before?"
"No. But this one was so...peaceful. So pleasant. Something I don't think I've felt in such a long time, now. Not since before your father left me for that...that cunt!!"
I couldn't believe I'd just heard the word that came out of mom's mouth. I was somewhat shocked to hear it. And with the passion that she said it to me, I don't even think she noticed that the word 'cunt' had come from her own mouth.

"She's begun the process of freedom."

'Freedom...freedom from what' I thought to myself.

"Freedom from the cult that has had her shackled for far too long."

"Mom, that dream you're telling me about sounds like you really enjoyed it. Was that all there was to it, just how you liked the raindrops falling on you?"
"I'm almost ashamed to say what else happened, son."
"It's okay, mom, it's just you and me, here. I'm always ready and open to hear whatever you want to tell me, really."
"Okay, well...you were there, too, honey..."
"Did I do anything in the dream, mom, say anything to you?"
"That's the thing, I don't recall you ever saying anything, but..."
"But what, mom. Come on, you've got me on pins and needles now. What the hell happened in this dream of yours?"
"You were naked, son. As clear as day, I saw you naked. Everything about you...your...manhood, your genitals. And what shocked me in the dream was, you were trying to expose yourself to me, and I didn't turn away from looking at you. Honey, I hope you don't think bad of me for telling you this. I'm almost feeling like I'm...compelled to confess this to you right now, and I'm not sure what's making me do that. You don't think I'm crazy, do you?"
At that moment, the bond I felt with my mother was as strong as I think I'd ever felt in my whole twenty-four years with her.
"Oh, God no, mom. Our dreams are something I believe we really don't have much control over. And I want to tell you, I'm glad you're talking with me like you are. I want us to be closer, mom. Besides dad, you're all the family I have in this whole world, and I love you so much, and want to be here for you in every way I can."
"Thanks, son. But I have one more thing to confess to you about my dream last night. Please don't think too badly of me because of what I know I need to tell you."
"Never, mom, I'd never think bad about you."
"You might, once I tell you this. I was naked, too. Once I saw you standing in front of me, totally revealed, with you wearing no clothes, I suddenly had an unforeseen desire to let you see me the same way. Honey...oh my God Tommy, I don't know what it was...but I began stripping all my clothes off, with a crazy urge for you to see me in the nude, too."
With what she confessed, I could feel my. cock which had already hardened as the two of us sat together at the kitchen table.
"Son, I am so sorry for even telling you about that nasty dream. This whole conversation is so improper!! I need to go to my room now. Please excuse me, son."
When mom hurriedly stood up at the table, she must've not realized it, but the front of her robe loosened up and unfastened as she rose. I couldn't see all of them, but much of her breasts were exposed to my wondering eyes, and I loved what my mother had unexpectedly allowed me to see.
So there I sat at the table, alone. Alone, but with the knowledge that whatever happened the night before because of my masturbating over my mother, definitely had made a significant difference with her.

"Mother is becoming different now...freedom is coming for her."

The rest of the day, I went about my business at the house and with some chores I needed to do outside of home. I asked mom if she needed me to do any running for her, but her answer was a subtle 'no,' so I went on to attend to my own business and personal needs.
It was around six o'clock that evening, when mom called to me as I sat in my room, to tell me supper was ready. I had been busy all afternoon that it didn't even hit me until supper time, how hungry I really was.
She fixed one of my favorites—fried chicken with biscuits, mashed potatoes and gravy. With some corn on the cob thrown in for good measure.
When I sat down to the table, because of my hunger, I didn't even stop to notice how mom was dressed. She had on a somewhat-fancy blouse and skirt that I hadn't ever remembered her wearing before. I could tell that she had primped at her mirror more than normal because of the light amount of makeup that she was wearing. But, what really caught my eye, was the slight amount of cleavage that was revealed with the new blouse.
Up to that time, I couldn't ever remember mom wearing something that suggestive in front of me. Mother never, and I mean never, allowed her breasts to be seen outside of her bedroom. Except for now, and for what I had seen from that morning. I found it was extremely difficult to take my eyes off her. I knew I had to say something about what was happening at that moment...
"Mom, this is all so good. This dinner...I think you know it's one of my favorites of yours. Thanks for making this tonight. And, I hope you don't mind my saying it...but you look absolutely ravishing. If I didn't have this wonderful meal in front of me...I think I'd want to eat you up, instead."
I waited for her reaction, but the only thing she did, once I said that, was allow her lips to form into almost a Mona Lisa-type smile. I wondered what it was that was giving her reasons to cook the meal she did, and dress in the manner she had? Was she trying to please me in some new way that she hadn't in the past?
"Honey, I've been thinking about what I revealed to you this morning, about my dream, and I feel like I put a burden on you that I shouldn't have. I'm just trying the best I know how to tell you I'm sorry for doing that."
I could sense the true sorrow in my mother's voice, as she told me that. I reached my hand across the table to her, and she leaned forward and firmly grasped it, accepting it into her own.
"Can I ask something of you, mom?"
"Of course, honey, anything. I think..."
"Ha-ha, but really...can we be friends with each other? I think you're aware that I'm not a little boy anymore. I've grown up, and I know, that you know that. But it would make me happy knowing that our relationship only got better, as we both get older. I really want to be whatever you need me to be. I really need that, if we're going to be the friends that I hope we can be.
"And as far as your dream that you had...mom, it was just a dream. It's not reality. And I hope to high Heaven you're not feeling guilty about anything that went on during it."
"But, son...it seemed so real. Almost to the point that I think my 'dream-self' wanted it to be."
"Okay, now I've got to ask this question...did you enjoy the dream?"
"I think this might be an area of inappropriateness, Tom..."
"Mom, goddammit, it's either a yes or no answer!! Hey, I'm sorry, I shouldn't raise my voice to you. But, c'mon, it's okay if you liked it. That doesn't have to mean anything as far as you and I are concerned."
"Yes."
"Yes what, mom?"
"Yes, I enjoyed it, honey."
"Good, now was that so bad, telling me that? It just means that you're human, and that you have feelings like the rest of us, that's all."
**********
After supper was over, I helped clean up, and even made sure all the dishes were in the dishwasher so that mom didn't have to work as hard as she usually does, after serving a great dinner like she just did.
My mother then went into her room and changed into the same nightgown that she had worn that morning. The same one where she had unknowingly exposed the top half of her breasts to me.
Instead of my going to my room for the rest of the night, we sat down together and watched some old-time television shows on one of those retro networks. One of them was an old 'Ozzie and Harriet' episode with David and Ricky Nelson starring in it, too.
We were sitting in the exact same way that we had been the night before, when I got the idea to rub mom's feet a second time for her.
When I got up off the couch and went over to where she was sitting with her legs up on her ottoman, and because of the look on her face, it was almost if she had been anticipating my doing that for her again.
"Ooooh, Tom, like I told you last night, honey, you've got magic hands. That feels soooo good to me, baby. Mommy likes that."
"I'm glad mommy likes that, and I've always liked doing that for my mommy. And by the way, when's the last time anyone reminded you about the beautiful legs you have connected to these gorgeous feet of yours?"
"You're so sweet!! It's just you, honey, nobody else."
"Well, that's a damn shame."
As I massaged mom's feet for her, her eyes remained closed and she kept a very blissful look on her face as my hands and fingers kept giving her pleasure.
Once again, like the previous night, I could tell that she was slowly spreading her legs farther and farther apart, but she still had them sitting atop her ottoman.
The truth was, the more I was rubbing and massaging mom's feet, the more turned on I was getting by doing that. Until, I finally decided that I wanted to rub higher on her legs, even up to by her knees.
She kept her eyes closed and was making little sounds of appreciation, as I continued rubbing where I was. Because of where I was sitting on the floor, on the other side of the ottoman from mom, I found I could only reach up so high up onto her legs. I decided that the best way to reach even higher, was to remove the ottoman from the equation. And when I pushed it out of the way, mother never even asked me any questions as to why I'd done that.
Now that I was sitting on the floor directly in front of her, I had full access to her bare feet, knees and upper legs. In fact, if I'd wanted to at that moment, I could've reached right up and put my hand on my mother's pussy.
But that wasn't what I wanted to do...yet. Frankly, I was mildly surprised that she was allowing me to have my hands and fingers on her where I was. But I wanted to keep going, and I was hoping she wouldn't try to stop me anytime soon.
I got adventurous as I started rubbing around her knees, taking turns on both legs, one at a time. She had her head laid back with her eyes closed, 'oohing' and 'aahing' again as my fingers strived to work any magic possible on the tight skin of my mother's near-perfect legs.
I knew that if I could, this would be the time for me to try and explore to work my fingers higher, possibly even up to her thighs. I got an A for effort, when with both hands I reached up to the thigh of her right leg and encircled my fingers around it, still rubbing all the while.
As I successfully then reached that point, I was kneeling directly in front of mom. She opened her legs even wider giving me a clear view of the panties she was wearing.
Overcome with what I knew to be perverse temptation, I figured 'what the fuck, it's now or never', and I began reaching...to touch her pussy...

"...Stop! this isn 't the time to do that yet!!"

I immediately withdrew my hand when I heard the voice and asked what or who I knew to be 'Lust'—'Why, what's the harm in trying my luck with mom like this?'

"With this, there is no...luck. There is only when she is ready.
And mother, is not ready yet. When she is, there'll be no doubt."

I obediently brought my hands back to massaging mom's lower legs, down near her knees and then back to solely her feet again. 'Better safe than sorry' is the next thought that came to me. Because today had been a great day with mom, I didn't want to blow it and do something, anything that would harm our burgeoning relationship.

"It's time to end this, for now, say goodnight to mother."

Even though I didn't want to do it, I knew that the Voice was right about that. So, I did something to mom that I hadn't done inages...I started tickling her feet.
"Who's got ticklish feet around here? It's definitely not me, but who could it be?"
"Oh, Tom, you very bad boy, I was almost asleep."
"I know, and I'm sorry I had to wake you. But I don't want you opening your eyes around two o'clock in the morning wondering why the hell you aren't in your bed? And then you'd probably be pissed as hell at me for leaving you here like that."
"Oh, honey...mommy wouldn't be...pissed at you...too much."
When she said the word 'pissed' I could tell it took her a moment to decide if she wanted to use that word or not. But she went ahead and said it anyway. And then a smile came to her face. I think it was because in times past, she wouldn't think about saying something of that nature.
I stood up, and then reached my arms down to my mother, inviting her to take hold of my hands so I could assist her up off of her chair.
"Hey, your mom isn't that old yet that she needs help getting up to her feet, mister."
"I know that's a fact, but can you blame me for wanting to give my gorgeous mother a goodnight hug?"
As we were by then both standing, I brought her close to me and into my arms for a tight embrace.
"It feels good to hold and hug you, mom, I love you so much."
"Likewise, buddy, likewise."
While she was saying that, mom tilted her head up and gave me a simple and nice kiss straight on my lips. We hadn't done that for many years, but it felt very good to have shared that with her. And I was hoping that it wouldn't be long and we could have something like that happen between us again.
"Oh wow, mom, I like that. Can I ask what that was for?"
"That...was for the spectacular massages you've been giving me over these last few days."
"Dang, mom, if I knew I could get something as sweet as that from you, I would have been massaging your feet for a lot longer than what I've been doing!!"
"Don't press your luck, mister, I don't come cheap."
When she said that, I again tightened my hold on her, looked her straight in the eyes and told her...
"Believe me, there is absolutelynothingcheap about my mother. And any man who says he believes otherwise, is going to get a major ass-whooping from me."
And then, knowing I was taking a chance, I bent my face down to hers and kissed her harder and longer than she had just done me. And what I loved about it was...she returned the kiss and didn't even try to pull away from it.
"Son, you'd better let your mother get some sleep. And Lord knows what kind of dreams I'm going to have tonight after your giving me that kiss. This could be one crazy night that's ahead of me."
Saying our goodnights, and with me then in somewhat of a daze because of mom's and my kiss, I headed off to my bedroom. At that point, I wasn't even thinking about if mom might masturbate or not. I knew I needed to lie down and try to process what just happened between her and I. The erection I was sporting didn't help me rest either.

"Mother is going to fall asleep quickly, but there mustn't be too much time spent waiting until she receives more of the seed, for the process to continue."

Even though I knew that to be true, I still fell asleep. It was around one o'clock in the morning when I was woken up by my still-raging giant hard-on, understanding what was required of me.
As I was sleeping naked, I put on my robe and quietly opened my door, walking as stealthily as I knew how, to mom's bedroom. Thankfully, I found her door only half-shut and walked near to where I again discovered her lying naked on her bed. I found it helpful once more, that she had her nightlight plugged in. I was happy to have the subtle light assisting my eyesight for what I was about to do again. Just as I had from the previous night.
Taking off my robe and dropping it on the floor, I stood completely naked in my mother's bedroom. Taking my hard cock in my right hand, I began stimulating and stroking it over my sleeping mother's face. As I quickly went into a full-on masturbation session, I thought back to that day's events, especially what happened at the end of the day...kissing, and being kissed in return by mom, like we had never done together before.
Her lips had felt so welcoming. It was if we weren't mother and son when we did that, but just two people who were seeking to explore where a kiss like that could take us. The fact was, I knew where I wanted that newfound intimacy with mom to take us. And I knew that kiss was so special, because we were mother and son. She was the woman from who I had emerged at birth. And it was me, knowing that I wanted to have my body join hers at the very place where I had come from.
I knew I couldn't fight my hunger for her any longer, I wanted, NO...I needed to fuck my mother in the worst way. I lusted after her and wanted our bodies melding, two into one. To become one flesh with her. As I masturbated standing next to mom's bed, I hoped for the day when I didn't have to hide what I wanted, so she and I could share our sexual pleasures together.
I wanted to fuck her pussy and when the time was right, I wanted to cum inside my own mother in the same way semen was planted inside her when that act created me.
I couldn't get that thought out of my head as I continued jerking off...
I want to fuck mom...
I want to fuck mother...
Imustfuck my mother!!!
"I want to fuck, mom!"
"I want to fuck, mother!!"
"We must fuck, mother!!!"
Finally in relief, my seed spewed out all over mom's face, lips and mouth again, as it did like the night before, it seemed as if my aim was even truer, the second time doing it.
And it was also a repeat of how she reacted once the copious amount of my seed was splattered all over her face. Her tongue, darted out, searching for what it could find to feed, what I was sure could then be labeled as her 'cum lust.' And as before, there were stray samples of my semen on her face. But with this being the second time I had performed this ritual I was amazed with her being asleep, my mother's fingers automatically began working to feed my sperm into her wanting mouth.
Once it was all over, I looked over my sleeping mother in somewhat of a daze, very elated at what I had accomplished, now in this, the second time of ejaculating on her face while she slept.
And, without even caring about it, I purposely left my discarded robe on mom's bedroom floor, next to her bed. I then ambled back to my room, in the nude, and going immediately into a very deep and sound sleep.
**********
The dreams I had that night consisted entirely of my sharing a deep intimacy with my mother. And especially replaying over and over the kiss that we shared, before each of us going off to our own separate bedrooms.
Except in my dream, mother and I were standing naked together in the living room as we shared a lover's kiss, a kiss that even in real life, I didn't think that I had ever experienced so intensely before with anyone.
Mom and I were open-mouthed kissing, swapping our saliva, and sharing our tongues with each other. I felt this experience was so moving that if it was possible, I wanted to create my own movie of it, so it could be replayed back whenever I might want to relive it again.
The next part of the dream was mom reaching down and taking my erection into her hand, stroking me. And because it was a dream, the next thing I knew as she was stimulating my cock, my mother brought me to a very pleasurable ejaculation. After that, I saw her scoop all of my available manly fluids into her mouth. The fact was it had been years since I remembered enjoying a wet dream, so intense and exciting, as that one. And there was no doubt, I was juiced up by it. Especially because it involved my mother.
**********
I was wakened that next morning with my mom standing in my bedroom talking to me. At first, as I kept my eyes closed, I couldn't tell what she was saying to me. As I was coming out of my sleepy fog, her words became clearer to understand, but my eyes were still closed.
"Tom, I found your robe on the floor next to my bed. Can you tell me why it was there, honey?"
My eyes were then open, but my head was still turned away from looking at her.
"Because I came into your room last night after you had fallen asleep."
"Tom, why for God's sake would you come into...TOM!! Look at your mother when I'm talking to you, goddammit!!"
Hearing my mother curse, I pulled my head off my pillow and turned around to finally look at her.
What I saw literally stunned me. She was dressed only in a skimpy bra and panties, revealing more of her skin to me, than she ever had in my entire life. With what had happened over the last two nights I was well aware of mom's ample-sized breasts, but with the bra she had on that morning, there wasn't a lot that I couldn't see. And with the way she was standing in front of me right then, it was almost like mom was trying to get me to look at those bodacious ta-tas of hers.
"Oh my God, mom, don't you think you should put your robe on? What's going on?"
"Why don't you tell me what the fuck's going on, first? If you left your robe on my floor, how were you dressed when you were in my room last night?"

"It's time to reveal to her what happened the last two nights."

"Does that mean I should tell her about what I did?"

"Yes, she needs to know. It's part of the process of her being set free."

"You mean to tell me I need to let her know about the last two nights?"

"Absolutely, yes. Tell her now."

"Look, Tom, will you tell me who the fuck you're talking to? Because I sure as hell don't think it's me!!"

"Tell her now. Allow her to choose her response to you.
This isn't the time to fear anything."

"Okay...I'll tell you. I was naked in your room last night. And I came and visited you the night before that as well, mom."
"Son, why were you naked in my room?"
"Okay...mom, I'll tell you...because I've been masturbating, standing next to your bed while I was there. That's the truth. And I guess I need to tell you this also. I was spying on you through your window while you masturbated the last few nights, as well. I hope you're not too angry with me."
"Why shouldn't I be angry with you for doing that? And why thefuckwould you come into my bedroom while I'm sleeping and jack yourself off, Tom??"
"Okay, here's the honest to God truth, mom...It's because I love you."
"Hey, I love you, too. But as of yet, you haven't found me diddling myself in your room to prove it to you, right?"
"I guess, I have to ask this mom; don't you feel a little out of place showing off to me as you are now? I mean for God's sake, I don't ever remember you wearing a swimsuit in front of me, let alone what you're in now. Although I can't say as I don't like what I'm seeing."
"I guess it could be looked upon as somewhat revealing, Tom. But, what the hell, we're family. And I'm sure you're not going to have impure thoughts about your own mother, are you?"
"Mom,what?That's not how you let on up to just a few days ago. And now you're saying something quite the opposite than you were then? But hey, let's be honest with each other, okay? I very much like seeing you like this, mom. You've got a smoking-hot body and I hope this isn't a one-time thing."
"Okay, son. If it's me that's giving you justifiable reasons to be in my room and masturbate over me, what harm can there be in you seeing me like this?"
Did my mother just say what I thought she said? Was she now okay with what I told her I did these last couple of nights? As I was still on my back, I'm sure mom couldn't help noticing my raging erection poking up from the bedsheets, as she talked with me as I hadn't got out of bed yet.
"Tom, are you planning on laying in your bed all day, or are you going to get up and actually have your lazy ass do something today? After all, just because it's Saturday, doesn't mean I'm going to watch you wile away the day, while I don't. C'mon, get out of bed, son!"
"Just so you know, mom, I do sleep in the buff. So if you're wanting to see me in the all-together just keep standing there..."

"She wants to see, allow her that opportunity."

"And just so you know, who do you think it was that would give you your baths? So there isn't anything of you that I haven't seen before."
I considered that an invitation that I wasn't going to pass up. And even though I still had a rock-hard erection, I moved the bedsheets over revealing all of myself to mom. As my feet hit the floor, and I stood before her totally in the nude; she didn't take her eyes off my cock.
"Oh my fucking god, my boyhasgrown up."
The fact that I was totally naked in front of my mother, and her eyes glued to me, thrilled me beyond my own belief.
"You're so hard, honey, and so big. I swear to God, your cock is bigger than your father's."
There were so many things different about my mom that morning, it was difficult to even catalog them. Her now using more coarse language was something that immediately came to mind. And the freedom with which she talked to me, not so much as a mother, but as an adult to another adult. It wasn't like the mom I had just a few days before, that was for damn sure.
But, I guess because of the male hormones raging through me, the number one thing noticeably new was her ease in presenting her gorgeous body to me. Even then at that moment, while I was standing naked in front of my mother, she in return, in her bra and panties looked like she was doing her best to present herself to me, not as a mother, but as a woman who was trying to entice a man to want her sexually.
And it was working...
"Son, you're staring at me..."
"Mom, you're staring at me..."
"Well, it's just been too long since I've seen a man's cock, that's all."
"I'm glad it's mine that you're seeing..."
"Yes, son, me too..."

"It's too early to initiate anything intimate with mother yet.
That occurrence will be soon enough. It's time to get dressed. Now!!"

With how well things had progressed as they had in the last few days, under the counseling of the voice, I knew I'd be an idiot to not listen to it then.
So, as difficult as it was, I told mom that we both needed to get dressed and start our day.
"Yes, you're right, Tom. With the way the weather looks like, it's going to be sunny today, it'd probably be a good time to get out and work in the yard. There's some cleaning up that I need to do. And the fact is, it's not going to do it by itself."
"Hey, mom, would you mind if I came out and gave you a hand with that? I hate to see you out there working alone, besides there might be some heavy lifting that needs done."
"Ooh, that sounds wonderful, honey. How about we meet back here in say...twenty minutes with our work clothes on, ready to hit it and get it?!"
*****
As soon as mom left the room, I made sure the door was closed. I laid back on my bed and stroked my cock to the events of the last half hour or so. My climax was sensational as I shot the massive load I had into my hand, thinking about how fucking hot my mother looked exposing herself to me in her skimpy bra and panties.
*****
When we met again to go outside and work, and I saw how mom was dressed, I couldn't keep myself from starting to have another erection.
I wasn't exactly sure where she'd been hiding the clothes she had on. Her shirt was a white and tight, mid cut-off tee, that showed off her well-sized, braless tits with her nipples plainly noticeable underneath. And with it being cut-off, her tight, totally non-flab tummy was clearly visible, as well.
What she wore to cover her from her waist down, was just as provocative, if not more, as the top half of her.
Mom had on a pair of button-up jean shorts that covered very little of her upper legs and thighs. I clearly couldn't tell if it was the shorts that helped accentuate her ass, or if she naturally looked that way. But I had a very difficult time taking my eyes off of my mother's fetching backside.
"Oh my God, mom. How do you expect me to do any work when you come out here barely dressed? You're just fucking beautiful."
"Oh, these old things? They're probably at least twenty-five years old, and I only held on to them in case I ever wanted to entice some young stud into maybe checking out my ass sometime."
"Well, you got what you wanted then, mom."
"I guess I did, Tommy. But why don't you stop gawking at your mother and do some fucking work for awhile? Maybe we can have some fun later on today, if looking at me doesn't make you cum in your pants too many times while we're out here, ha-ha."
And gawk at her, I did. I couldn't count how many times that day I looked over at mom working in the yard and it seemed as if she was purposely swinging her seductive ass back and forth in the hopes of making me cum in my pants.
But then, there were the hydration breaks. A few times during the day, she and I would trade off going into the house to get some bottled water. After she'd drink about three-quarters of hers, she'd take the rest and pour over her chest. That's when I realized it was about the same as her entering a wet t-shirt contest. And then another realization hit me; if she did ever enter one, there was no doubt in my mind that mom would win, hands down, with the way the water showed off her bouncy, buoyant breasts. Not to mention, her quite-noticeable nipples and areolas under her wet t-shirt.
**********
It was probably around five-thirty on that late Saturday afternoon, when we decided to call it quits and come inside for the rest of the evening. Since we couldn't decide on what kind of food to eat, we flipped a coin and I won...tails. I opted for pizza...delivered, of course.
They informed us that it would be forty-five minutes to an hour, before our food would be delivered. I suggested to mom that I should get my shower first, so that most likely when the pizza arrived, I would be out of the bathroom and be the one available to get it from the delivery guy.
Because I was trying to save myself, I declined the temptation to masturbate, so I was out of the shower in a record twelve minutes. And then it was mom's turn. After about five minutes of her being in the shower, I heard her calling to me from the bathroom.
"Tom,Tom, come here. I need to tell you something!!"
I almost ran to the bathroom thinking there was some kind of emergency, because of mom calling me in the way she did. But when I got to the bathroom door, I yelled into her asking her what the problem was.
"Open the door, Tom. I need to tell you something important."
So...I opened the door...only to find my mother standing halfway outside the shower, the water temporarily shut off with the shower curtain wide open. And my mother just stood there brazenly naked, not inhibited in any way, exposing her body to me, saying...
"Honey, make sure when the pizza's delivered, you check and see that they didn't put any anchovies on it. I hate those putrid things."
I told her "Sure, mom, I'll do that. I'll definitely check for those fucking anchovies." as I pulled the bathroom door closed the door behind me, I heard her answer me...
"Honey, mommy didn't say 'fucking.'" yelling back to me because I had purposely misquoted her.
When I saw my mother standing there in the bathroom, half-in/half-out of the shower openly displaying herself totally naked to me, I think if it would've been physically possible for my jaw to hit the floor...that's what would've happened. Because if she was trying to get my attention...well, all I can say is we were well past that stage already.
I could tell that she wanted me to get a good look at her breasts, nipples, and areoles, as well as her pubic area. I guess with the way that she had unabashedly flaunted her naked pussy, it left me totally awestruck. When I'd made it safely to the other side of the bathroom door, she again yelled to me...
"What's your problem, son? Haven't you ever seen a naked woman before?"
"Matter of fact, I have. It's just not every day that I see my mother naked. So...tell me, is your misbehavior going to make me have to come in there and force you to behave yourself?"
"Promises, promises, Tom. But I'll tell you this, if you do, your mother's going to check to make sure you cleaned your dick properly, and I'll be on my knees when I do it."
As we both started laughing, I was tempted to reopen the bathroom door. How I found the strength to not go in there at that moment and join my mother in the shower, was beyond me.
The pizza finally arrived, and as I had promised, I did check about the anchovies, and thankfully, there were none to be found. When mom finally re-appeared, she was wearing only her robe. And because it wasn't too secured at the top, the upper swells of her breasts were visible, and it was apparent that she had nothing on underneath it.
Once I saw that, I knew that whatever happened that evening, would most likely be something that I'd never, ever soon forget.
**********
With the way things had worked out that week, it seemed that our nightly ritual had become quite routine by that Saturday evening.
We would come in from whatever we did that day, whether it was from work or something else...have our evening meal, and then relax in front of the TV...after that, retiring to our beds for the night.
Besides the fact that the last few nights, I had got caught up in spying on my mother while she pleasured herself in her room, and then me going into her bedroom after she fell asleep and my masturbating over her...everything seemed...pretty normal.
Because mom had decided to wear only her robe, I asked her if she'd mind if I wore some loose-fitting, short sweatpants. I should mention that in times past, I would only wear those if she wasn't home. She told me that since it was just us there, that I should be as casual as I felt comfortable to be. When she said that, I wondered if she realized that if I thought she truly didn't mind, that I could easily be in front of her, totally naked.
Mom asked me to choose whatever movie I wanted for us to watch. So with the way she'd been acting the last day or so, I figured I might try and push the movie-rating envelope. I selected one I'd been hearing about that was on one of our streaming services. It had lots of adult themes, as well as many male and female frontal nude scenes, graphic sex scenes, and very adult language.
As we sat down to start watching it, mom took her normal spot in her La-Z-Boy chair. But I decided to ask an adventurous question of her...
"Hey, mom, why don't you sit over here next to me this time? Matter of fact, if you lay down here on the couch with your head propped on the pillow, you can put your feet over my lap, and I'll be glad to rub them for you."
When she almost immediately, without a word, got up from her chair, it looked as if mom was submitting to me, rather than just taking me up on my suggestion.
"Oh, honey, your foot rubs are really magical. I'm not sure you know how much I've loved getting them from you again, baby. They make me feel so good. Almost as good as what you've seen me do to myself when you've looked through my window these last few nights."
"I'm glad you're not too angry with me for doing that, mom. It's hard for me to keep my eyes off of you. And when you let me rub your feet and legs like this, it's difficult for me to stop when I put my hands on you, too."
"I know things have changed between us, honey, and I'm trying to figure out exactly why, and so soon too. But the fact is, the woman in me gets off having you touch me as you're doing. I know with us being mother and son there has been some lines crossed these last few days, and I'm really okay with that. To tell you the truth, I've enjoyed what's happened. And maybe, just maybe, mommy will let you in on a secret that I've had. But, not right now, I feel like this just wouldn't be the right time to tell you."
"Mom, what secret? I want to know what it is, please tell me."
"Tom, I promise I'll tell you, just not right now, honey. I'm still trying to figure out how all of this happened so quickly, between you and me, that is.
"And, honey, I hope this doesn't come across as bad, but I think it's got something to do with your confession to me about you masturbating in my room after I'd fallen asleep. I feel like there's something else you'd like to tell me about when that happened."
"Mom, I love you. And I don't ever want there to be any deception between us. The fact is, I did do what you said, and, there is more to it than me just masturbating in front of you while you slept."
"What is it, son? You can tell me. I promise I won't be mad at anything you say to me now. I really won't, honey."
"Okay, here's what really happened, mom. Before I got home from my trip to see David, I ran into a situation where this woman was getting ready to be attacked by these three guys in Tennessee. I couldn't just leave her there, so I did what I could do to help her."
"Yes, honey, I know you're not the kind of guy who would let anything bad happen to a woman."
"Thanks, mom. Well, this woman, her name was Eliza and she was a Choctaw witch..."
I ended up telling mom everything that happened with Eliza and me. And I mean everything. Even about when I woke up and I found myself with her, fucking her on the bed in the motel room.
I even told her about the gift that Eliza said she was going to give me, and how that gift revolved around the desire I had for her, my own mother. I even told her about the voice I'd been hearing speak to me. There wasn't anything about all of this that I didn't tell mom. I wanted to make sure she was aware of everything.
"So, honey, when you masturbated and had your orgasm, in my room...what ended up happening with your cum? Uh, let me put it this way...where did you cum?"
"Mom, there was some kind of urge inside of me that told me to cum all over your face, and to specifically aim into your mouth as best I could."
"Oh my fucking God, Tommy. Your telling me of all this is making me wet, baby. I can't help it. And now it's all making sense to me. That next morning, I knew I felt different, knew I was different. Even the dream about the rain...that was..."
"...Me, mom...cumming all over your face, and into your mouth, too. That was so exciting, I can't lie to you about that!!"
"So why have you told me all this, what's making you confess this to me now, about your bizarre experience with Eliza, honey?"
"Near as I can tell, it's about giving you the ability to choose if you want this, mom. How can I you tell you I love you, if I don't give you your options about what's happening here. I don't want to be the one that coerces you into anything."
"Yes, my options. Well, son, you really are a nasty fuck aren't you? I can tell you the option I choose first right now, is for you to give me that splendid foot rub that you promised I could have before you fessed up about Eliza."
So, with mom laying down on the couch with her feet over my lap, I began giving her the massage that I knew she'd like.
As before, I started with the soles of her feet, then moved to her ankles and upward from there. It wasn't before long that I was massaging mom's thighs, and was only a few inches away from having her pussy within my reach.
With mom's head on the pillow of the couch, and my hands doing all they could to pleasure her, as she opened her robe revealing her enticing pussy to me, she looked at me and said...
"You want to touch my cunt, don't you, son?"
"I want everything about you, mom. Yes...I do want to touch you there. But only if you want me to."
"I'll tell you what I want right now, Tom. I want...I need...more of your cum. That's what I choose. I want to be fed me with it. I want it in my mouth. Let me taste it...and then, I'll swallow it. If that's what brings about Eliza's gift working for you. Then that's what I want too."
Once mom admitted that to me, I wasn't going to make her ask me twice about it. I got up off the couch and then stood directly in front of her. With me wearing only my loose sweatpants, it was very easy for her not to overlook the massive boner I had under my shorts. She placed one of her hands on the fabric, and began rubbing up and down over my still-covered cock which was just under my shorts.
"What do we have here? I think my Tommy wants to come out and play, doesn't he?"
That's when she, with both hands on each side of my shorts, began pulling them down. After the elastic waistband passed the head of my penis, my stiff cock bounced up right in front of my mother's face.
"Oh Tommy...let mommy look at that massive cock of yours. It's so fucking beautiful, honey. Seeing it like this reminds me why it was good to have you circumcised. I don't think the head of my son's prick needs to be covered up with any of that needless foreskin."
With the way mom was talking and the sexual attention she was giving me, I knew there wasn't anything that was going to get in my way of cumming on her, the way that was needed.
I actively began fondling my prick as mom sat up on the couch, holding open her robe, and revealing her beautiful breasts to me. Then she sat motionless, still holding her robe open, and watched me masturbate myself in front of her.
"Oh that's impressive, honey. Mommy likes watching her baby boy pump his cock in front of her face. Like I said before, you are one nasty fuck, aren't you? Dragging me down into the depths of depravity with you as we do these disgusting things together. Pump that cock for me, you vulgar boy. Do you like hearing your mother talk like this, huh? You goddamn, nasty fucking prick. I want your cum, you fucker, give mommy your nasty cum!!
As I kept standing in front of her, masturbating, she remained on the couch, still holding her robe open, using all kinds of raw and provocative profanity on me. The fact that I never would, in a million years, think that she would talk to me like that, was avidly pushing me closer toward climaxing for her.
"Pump your fucking cock, pump it for me, fucker. Show me what my son has for his mother, you fucking son of a bitch. You watched me do it, now mommy's watching you. Keep pumping that cock, motherfucker...mommy wants your fucking cum."
"Oh God, mom, I'm getting close...so fucking close. Where do you want it?"
"Just tell me right before you're ready, and then mommy will show you how I want you to spew your spunk!!"
As I continued stroking, mom made sure her robe remained opened for me, giving me an unobstructed view of her naked tits and cunt. I could tell that she had dropped any pretense of modesty at that stage. As I noticed the look of fire in her eyes, she kept staring directly at my engorged prick, as I was masturbating there in front of her.
And then the tingle began...I knew what was coming. I knew that mom was getting ready to get what she'd asked for. Here, with her now, there was no longer an innocent mother-and-son relationship. We'd moved far beyond that. I wasn't exactly sure at that moment how all of this was going to work itself out between her and I. But then, the only thing on my mind was that I was close to ejaculating all over mom. And her and I would never, could never, be the same again. And it was exactly what I was wanting. And I knew it was what I had been waiting for these many years.
"Ohhhh God, mom, I'm going to cum now."
My announcement made her go into action as she pushed my stroking hand away from my cock. Now taking hold of my erection, she boldly took over masturbating me, as I then stood there transfixed by my mother, who seemed hellbent on getting me to orgasm for her.
"Cum for me, you goddamn motherfucker!! It's time to cum for your mother."
With her right hand stroking me, she extended her left hand and held it into a cup-like form. I could tell that she was wanting me to unleash my seed, so she could collect it in her hand.
"Oh shit, mom, that's so fucking sick, I'm cumming...ohhhh."
"Cum into mommy's hand, Tommy. Fuck yeah, it's so thick, baby!! Give me all you've got. Yesss, shoot it into my hand, you gorgeous boy, you. Don't hold out on me, baby. Yesss, that's right!!"
Standing there, I witnessed my once stalwart, church-going mother becoming someone totally different. And I liked this kind of 'different.' In the past, she wouldn't even have thought of using any type of profanity around me, but now, here she was openly displaying herself, masturbating her own son. And she was trying to get as much of his warm jism into her hand as possible. The whole episode to me was totally indescribable. She was holding my rod, and the bulbous head expanded and throbbed as my orgasm overtook me. The extreme pleasure coursed through me, as my quivering cock spewed a large quantity of thick, white, jelly-like cum into her waiting hand.
As I stood there getting so far one of the greatest thrills of my life, I watched my mother milking my penis of its life-giving, thick ejaculate. I can even say that she seemed patient, as she worked the last of my cream into her hand.
And then mom did what I hoped she would do. She put her cum-filled hand to her mouth, and devoured all my ejaculate. When she got all that she could with that method, she used her tongue to lick the remainder from her cum-soaked palm.
As I watched her gulp down my spent cum, there were chills running up and down me. 'She's literally eating me' I thought to myself. It reminded me of when I'd visited her church in the past and they had what they called 'communion.' Except now, it was a mother partaking of her own son. The excitement watching her do that ran through me beyond anything I'd ever thought I'd experienced before.
"Oh my God, mom, that was fucking unbelievable!! What you just did, you...you..."
"You fed me son. I was able to have something of yours that Eliza knew I would need. Thanks for giving it to me, honey. I feel so much closer to you now. It's hard for me to describe it, baby. It's almost like I'm more attuned to your thoughts and desires. Whatever you want, I want. So tell me, what does my baby want now? Ooh, I think I know...you want to watch your mother masturbate again in front of you, don't you?"
The fact was, that's what was on my mind. Ever since I'd asked her if mothers need to masturbate, I'd wanted this to happen. For us to be in the same room, and for her to drop any pretensions of her ancient morality, presenting her naked pussy to me as I stood by and watched her pleasure herself. I was hoping now, that she'd let me run my fingers through her cunt, as well.
"Yes, that's what I want, mom. Lie on the couch there and frig yourself for me. Now that you've watched me, I want to see you bring yourself to climax. Let's not hide anything from each other anymore. You don't have to wait to get to your room to do this. From now on, we can show each other what we both like."
And again, once I'd said it, mother submitted to what I had told her to do. She sat herself on the couch, and threw open her robe so I could get a good look at her gorgeous tits and hairy cunt. With her eyes directly on me, and her tongue alluringly out, she spread her legs wide, and placed her fingers between her legs, moving them enticingly into her wet pussy.
While I'm staring directly at mom, she was glaring wide-eyed back at me, and it was if our minds were linked, and I could swear her thoughts were telling me...
'You like watching me do this, don't you,son? I've suspected for years, how wicked a fucker you really are!! And now you're giving me no reason to think otherwise. So, watch your mama frig herself. Watch me, goddamn you.'
As mom busily ran her fingers through her cunt, I sank to my knees directly in front of her on the floor, staring intently at where her digits were running through her pussy. It was if I was the one obeying my internal lusts now. Luridly, openly staring at mom's pussy, as she alluringly entertained me, masturbating before my very eyes, inciting even more lust inside me for her.
And then I could clearly read her thoughts again...
'I wonder if Eliza envisioned you only having me perform for you? Why, I gotta ask, are you making me do this all by myself? Is that all you're planning on doing, honey, staring at your mother while she masturbates in front of you? Here, since you're so close, lick mommy's fingers after I've run them through my cunt. And then, at least you can know what I taste like.'
She extended her moist fingers to my mouth, I opened it to take in and taste the slick digits my mother had used to pleasure herself.
I wanted more than just a taste of mom's fingers. I wanted a taste of my mother. And to get that, I brought my mouth right up to mom's spread open legs there on our couch, in our living room, in our house.
My goal and only ambition right then, became to stretch out my tongue so that I'd be licking and tasting the pussy that so many of my nighttime masturbation sessions revolved around.
I slid my fingers back, forth and over on mom's widely-spread legs and thighs. She had become very wet from the self-pleasuring that had just occurred, so I didn't have to do much to make that happen.
My mother's pussy, I found to be a very beautiful flowery treasure. It had a good and natural look to it, and my tongue slid in and out of it very easily as well.
Once I took over from mom in the pleasuring of it, her grunts, groans, and moans became much more noticeable.
"That's it, Tommy, lick mommy's pussy, baby. Yesss, mommy likes that. Fuck my hole with your tongue, baby!!"
Something flashed in my mind that mom had said just a few days prior to what was happening now, now just laughing to myself, I asked her...
"Mom, do you think this is appropriate, what we're doing right now? I mean, is it right that we're having oral sex? Wouldn't your church disapprove of this? Ha-ha!!"
"Fuck whatever anybody at my church has to say about this, Tommy. Lick my cunt, motherfucker, taste mommy's pussy. Ohhhh this feels so fucking good. Besides, you know that Eliza's spell is helping me to feel this way, too."
"But you love it, don't you, mom? Tell me you want us to stop doing this."
"NO, don't stop!! Keep licking my cunt goddammit, Tommy. I don't want this to stop. Not at least until you make me cum. Make mommy cum...please."
I kept up the fervent ministrations into my mother's pussy for many more minutes or so. After that, she wanted to have me give her another sample of my cum, which was her doing a repeat from before. She masturbated another good-sized sample into her cupped hand, and then she swallowed it. After that, I was really ready for some sleep.
*****
Around, I'd say two o'clock in the morning, I woke up with mom kneeling next to me on the floor, next to my queen-size bed. Because of the light coming in from a streetlight, I could easily make out her face. She had the appearance of a woman who was searching for something that she almost thought she couldn't find.
"Mom, are you okay? Shouldn't you be in your bed right now? Is something wrong?"
"I guess the only thing wrong is that I've gone against pretty much all of the things I've believed in the last few days, Tommy. But what I know to be true is I'm actually celebrating it. How is that even possible, honey?!"
"Mom, it's like I told you before, I can't understand how all that mumbo-jumbo operates, but I just know it does. But I want you to understand, I needed you to choose what you wanted. And I wanted you to be able to say no to it, if that was what you wanted."
"I didn't say no to it, because it is what I wanted, baby. Once I was aware of what was really happening inside me, I felt the fire blazing in my soul. And I don't want to go back. I want what her spell has to offer me. And, there's another thing right now, Tom. I know I said a few days ago that a man's sex organ should never be inside a woman's mouth. And we both know for years, that's what I told your father how I felt about oral sex."
"Mom, we can't change the past, can we?"
"No son, we both know we can't."
"Then let's not even go there, okay?"
"But that's the thing, honey. When you gave me oral sex just a little while ago. It was...really...just..."
"Fucking great, mom?"
"Yes, fucking great, baby. And something your father never did for me."
"But didn't you tell him no oral sex, mom? Isn't that why he never did it to you?"
"He tried to do it to me a few times, but I'd always stop him."
"Why mom, why did you stop him?"
"Simple. Because of the repulsion I had to letting him put his penis in my mouth. I knew he'd want me to do the same thing, pleasuring him with a BJ."
"Was there something you were afraid of, if you did it?"
"Oh my God, I was afraid of him cumming in my mouth. I didn't know what it would be like when that happened, or what it might taste like. But now, I'm not afraid of the taste...at least I'm not afraid of how yours is, honey. I'm just about in love with it."
"So what are you saying now, mom? Now that you've tasted my cum and liked it, are you changing your mind about oral sex?"
"Yes, baby, I am. And I hope you don't mind if I want to suck your cock. Truth is, right now, I've got a burning desire to have my baby's stiff prick in my mouth, and when you're ready, to blast your sperm down my throat. Matter of fact, that's what I was dreaming about right before I woke up and came in here."
Hearing her tell me that, I reached my hand up and turned on the small light next to the bed. And then I pulled back my bedsheets and uncovered my semi-erect penis, letting my mother see it.
"Your cock is beautiful, honey. But I'm concerned that I might not do it the way you want me to. I don't want you disappointed in me, because now I know this is something I know that men really need and enjoy, and I don't want to be the one to fuck it up."
"Mom...I don't think you could, fuck it up. I think that whatever you do is going to feel good for me. And if it's okay with you, maybe you could let me tell you how I like it and what feels good for me. Just like I want you to tell me how to eat your pussy the way you want me to. I just want you to feel good."
As she then smiled brightly at me, mom took my cock in her hand. She began stroking and pulling on it, and I could see her intently gazing at the purplish knob sitting atop it. For about fifteen to twenty seconds, mom just kept stroking my rod, still staring at it. From the connection we were sharing right then, I knew her stares were of respect for my cock. 'I made this' she was thinking to herself...'and in a few minutes, I want to have this in my mouth, harvesting Tommy's cum from it.' I could sense the anxiousness in her as she knew what was about to happen. I hoped what I was about to say would help curtail any fear she might have...
"Put me in your mouth, mom. Just relax and take that final step, mom. Think about when I ate your pussy a few hours ago. And ask yourself if you liked it, or not."
"I loved it, son. Your tongue made mommy feel good. So very fucking good!!"
"Mom, do you know why a dog licks his own dick?"
"No, honey, I don't. Why?"
"Because he can. It's kind of the same way with this situation. Why does a man's lover suck his cock? Because she can. Simple as that, mom. You can do this,ifyou want to."
I saw the resolve in my mother's face as she leaned forward, opened her mouth wide and brought the tip of my cock inside it. It seems within the first five or ten seconds, she was coming along nicely in the art of fellatio. Running her tongue and lips up and down my shaft like she'd been doing it for the past fifty years or so.
"Oh God, mom, that feels nice. So sweet. I can tell you're a natural cocksucker. Your lips are nice on my cock."
Mom kept bobbing her head up and down, with my rod inside her mouth.
"Am I doing it good for you baby? Is what I'm doing making you feel good?"
"Mother...oh, it's very nice. Aww, I love this...Ohhhh...suck it...suck my cock, mom."
Her lips were wrapped tightly around my tool, and she suckled at the head with a loving preciseness as she ran them up and down my stiff penis. I could tell she was beginning to find her natural rhythm while she continued bobbing her head up and down my shaft.
"Oh, that's real sweet, mom. But can you to take your tongue and flicker it on the head of my cock? Make your tongue flutter like the wings of a butterfly. Yesssss...just like that, mom. Yesss!! Jesus, that makes my knob feel so fucking good."
Even though, at that time, she wasn't the best blowjob artist I'd encountered, she was definitely doing a great job as her cock-sucking was drawing me closer to when I'd be ready to shoot off my jizz in her mouth.
"Mom, I'm getting close, I'm getting close. Oh God, mom, you're going to make me cum in your mouth!!"
"I need you to cum in my mouth, baby. Feed me your thick seed, sweetheart. Mommy's so ready to take care of her baby now."
What my mother was doing for me, was something I'd thought about countless times when I'd masturbate through the years. The sexual side of me always revolved around her. If she'd ever suspected it, she never let on. And now, now... my own beautiful, gorgeous, fetching, ravishing mother's lips were sliding up and down my hard prick, in an incestuous exhortation, working to get me to unleash my spunk in her mouth. I was getting ready to help fulfill her wish.
"Ohhhh FUCK, I'm cumming mom, cumming in your mouth."
As I shot my load, my mother's lips compliantly stayed secured to just below the head of my cock. As I spasmed, my ejaculate was gushing into her waiting mouth and mom was making noises and groans that I'd never heard come from her before. I wondered if it was possible that just by my shooting my cum into her mouth, that was bringing her to orgasm?
As I was done pumping her mouth full of my viscous cum, I watched as some drizzled down her chin. And mom started milking my cock for whatever jizz might be left in my then-deflating prick. Just seeing her with my man flesh still in her mouth, jolted me like nothing else ever had. And when she made sure that there wouldn't be any more cum that she could have this time, I watched as mother smiled and then boldly looked me straight in my eyes. I could tell she wanted my full attention for what was about to happen next. My mother swallowed all of the cum that was in her mouth, making sure that it made an audible sound as it sank down her throat, and into her belly.
The new roads we were taking, and the barriers that we were overcoming together, gave me an even greater appreciation for my beautiful mother.
"Oh fucking Christ, Tommy, I've never had anything happen to me like what's going on now...with you and I, like this. Your sweet cock, the cum gushing in my mouth...and me swallowing it whole. Oh fucking Christ, I love this."
"Mom, I hope you know the same's for me, too. Yeah, whatever Eliza did for me...for us, it's shaking up my world, but...to have my world shaken alongside yours is what's so fucking crazy for me. Why don't you just stay in bed with me, and we'll sleep the rest of the night together?
"If it's okay with you, I'll go to church with you tomorrow morning. If you really want to know the truth, I'm having trouble just being away from you. I love you, mom."
"And I love you, honey. Thank you for the wonderful day you spent with your mother. And thank you for letting me have your fantastic, fucking cum!!"
**********
As we got ready that next morning to go to mom's church, I had difficulty keeping my eyes from popping out of my head. Mom was standing at the bathroom mirror applying a little makeup, in front of me, clad only in her bra and panties.
"When's the last time I reminded you of how fucking beautiful you are, mom?"
"I think it was five minutes ago, son, if memory serves me correctly."
"I'm still trying to get over what happened last night. You rocked my world. You do know that, right?"
"You've been rocking mine, honey. I know it sounds rather risqué, but when your cum shot into my mouth, because I had finally got up the nerve to suck cock, it gave me a fucking orgasm like nothing I remember from before. I just wish now it hadn't taken me that long to do that, suck your cock, I mean."
"What else are you going to let me do to you, mom? I'm just curious."
"Well, be as curious as you want, son. But, right now we need to get going if we're going to be there in time for the service to start. You know how I hate being late, especially for church!!"
**********
I led the way as we walked into the sanctuary just as her church was starting. There was some guy standing on the stage, in front of a podium giving, what near I could tell were announcements, and mentioning prayer requests.
The usher found us a couple of open seats about the fourth row from the lectern, and mom was still walking behind me. And it seemed as if the congregants were happy to see us. There were some people that I thought I'd recognized from when I had visited last time, but most of the others, I could tell were total strangers to me.
As we finally sat down, that's when I actually got a real good look as to how mom was dressed. Maybe it was the fact that we left the house in such a hurry, that I didn't see what she was wearing, but it was nothing that I'd seen on her before. And if my guess was correct, I bet what she wore that morning, was nothing anyone at her church had ever seen her wear before, too.
How I had missed this before we left the house, I still can't explain. But mom, on this particular morning, was sporting a fair amount of breast cleavage. And once I noticed it, I couldn't take my eyes away from how she was flashing most everybody at her church, with her decent-sized, and very lovely breasts. There were a fair amount of stares from some of the men sitting along the same pew as we were.
I did my best to whisper to her, sitting in the next seat from me...
"Mom, what were you thinking by wearing that type of dress here?"
"I didn't think it'd be that big of a deal, honey. But, now, it's looking like I could've chosen something a little less...booby-ish."
Right then, the organist began playing, and most of the churchgoers' attention was on the song and what was happening up front. After about three or four hymns, a man got up to speak. That turned out to be their reverend guy...Peter Norton.
"I want to welcome everyone here this fine Sunday morning. And I am pleased to announce what our lesson is about today. Our lesson is about marriage. But before I begin that, I am pleased to announce that my lovely Vera Ellen and I, are declaring our wedding day. Yes, that lovely woman has agreed to become my wife four weeks from this next Saturday..."
Everyone began cheering and clapping when they'd heard him make that pronouncement. I remembered mom telling me a few days before that about them getting ready to be married, but she didn't know what date it was going to be. When I looked up to the front of the church, there were a group of ladies sitting around a very beautiful woman who was being congratulated. And some were even whispering in her ear. That was a good indicator that she was the preacher's fiancée.
And what a gorgeous dish of a woman she was, too. Long blonde hair with a very fair complexion. And even though she was sitting down, I could tell that she wasn't a large woman, save for the above-normal-sized mounds sitting on her chest, which were covered all the way up to her neck by the dress she was wearing.
Mom whispered to me..."That's the reverend's Vera Ellen, honey. The one I was telling you about last week. She's very beautiful, isn't she?"
"Yeah, mom, she's a fucking babe, she really is."
"You like her?"
"Yes...I like her. She's...smoking hot!!"
And then I noticed something else. She was the woman who I'd seen before when I came to my mom's church. So, evidently she knew the reverend guy Peter because her father was a preacher, too. And now they were getting married. It didn't take much to see that Vera Ellen Preston was one gorgeous woman, who was going to be bound to that Peter guy in marriage. It seemed such a waste of a good woman to me. Such a sad waste.
I also noticed that when I said the word 'fucking' that a guy in front of us overheard me and turned around showing me his very scrunched-up face. I smiled at him when he did that, and then he turned back around again, listening to their reverend's lesson on marriage.
"... And we must pay attention to the fact that marriage vows must be obeyed by the wife toward her husband, and the husband toward his wife...and then the two will become one flesh...that's what our doctrine teaches us...blah...Blah...BLAH..."
That's what it all sounded like to me as I sat there for what seemed at the time like an eternity. That was until I felt mom's fingers resting on my lap. She had placed one of her hands directly over my cock. And it, having a mind of its own, noticed my mother making contact with it. So...with it being able, it seemed, to make up its own mind on what it could do, decided to allow a large amount of blood to gush into it...making it then a boner that my mom's fingers were stimulating.
When she noticed the distinct bulge now resting beneath her hand, she did, I guess, what seemed natural to her. She began running her hand over the top of it, making it even more rigid by her doing that to me.
It didn't help when I looked over once again saw much of my mother's breasts exposed right there in front of my eyes. And it didn't help when she noticed what I was looking at. She evidently enjoyed her son raptly gazing at her exposed mounds of flesh. So she began slightly shaking them, making them jiggle more than they usually did when I'd see her at home walking through the house. And that's when I noticed that my mother hadn't worn a bra, when she'd come to church today. She whispered to me again...
"I know you like looking at your mother's tits, honey. That's why I decided to leave my bra at home this morning."
When the same guy who had turned around to look at us, did so again, I knew why. But this time the scowl on his face was replaced by a look of total shock. I knew it was because of him hearing what mom just told me about her leaving her bra home.
As soon as he had turned his head back around, mom took my right hand and brought it to the hem of her—shorter than usual—dress. She looked around carefully, to make sure no one was watching us at that particular moment, and with her left hand, guided me underneath her dress, up her legs, and to her crotch. What I discovered once my fingers arrived there, made me audibly gasp louder than I should have. Mom had come to church without wearing any panties. For all intents and purposes, my mother was totally naked underneath her dress. And my penis started becoming engorged with more of my blood, so much so, I think it made my heart flutter for a second or two. I spoke again to her in as low a whisper as I knew how...
"Mom, are you fucking kidding me? You're not wearing any panties, are you out of your fucking mind?"
"Yes. I guess I am, son. Before we walked out the door this morning to come here, I decided then, what it is I wanted us to do when we got home. And I don't want to have to fuck around with having to remove any more clothing than is necessary once we get there. Do you understand what it is I'm wanting, Tom? Or do I have to spell it out for you?"
Our whispering continued...
"No mom, you don't. But can you tell me how the fuck I'm going to be able to walk out of here sporting this giant, fucking boner that you've helped to create in my pants?"
"We're just going to have to do the very best that we can. I'm ready to leave now, but since you're the one who drove us here this morning, I can wait on you if you're wanting to sit here and listen to the rest of that asshole's sermon."
I got up immediately, with mom right behind me. She took hold of my hand as we walked out of the church building as discreetly as we knew how.
But, of course when we did that, I heard the guy sitting in front of us make a smart-ass comment as we left the pew..."I'm glad they're leaving, I couldn't hear our dear reverend's sermon. And I don't think either one of them was giving it the attention that they should've."
*****
On the drive home, our conversation was only about things graphically relating to sex. Not something usually talked about when someone's just left a church service.
"I want you to drive your fucking cock so deep in my pussy, Tom, that I'll be able to feel your dick head coming up from inside my throat!!"
To say that mom seemed excited to get home, would be putting it mildly. The sexual dam that had been in mom was about to burst, and I didn't see any reason to be on the wrong side wrong of it.
After I parked the car, it only took a minute or two for mom and I to get inside the house. Both of us were excited to soon enjoy our perfect privacy.
Mom grabbed my hand and dragged me to my bedroom, and once there, she began the process of removing every one of my articles of clothing, telling me...
"I can't get you fucking naked fast enough, Thomas. I've waited long enough for my boy to fuck his mother's pussy. And that's what I want for you to do to me, fuck my goddamn pussy!!"
It was like she was talking out of her head, or something close to it. I wasn't even sure if she was rational at that moment.
"Mom...hey, mom. Are you sure you're okay?"
"Hey, motherfucker, why wouldn't I be okay? Tell me goddammit, why wouldn't I fucking be okay?!!"
That's when she started crying, taking her hands, balling them into fists, and began lightly hitting me in the chest with them. And then the tears just flowed from her eyes, and she moaned and wailed like a baby who hadn't been fed in a very long time. Even though I was then totally naked, there wasn't anything else I could do for mom, except to wrap her in my arms and hold her as close, in as loving a hug as I knew how to give her.
"Oh my baby, my baby boy. Mommy's so sorry I've been such a bitch to you these last few years. I just hope you don't hate me for all the ways I've treated you like shit. I'm so sorry, so very, very sorry."
She was still really crying and shedding tears like I'd never seen her do in my entire life. As I continued to hold her, our faces came together, and her tears were falling on my face, to where it looked like I could've been the one that was crying. But I just held my face next to hers for the next few minutes. And as I did that, she began calming down, ever so slightly.
With our faces so close, mom brought her lips to me, brushing and grazing them against mine. As I stood a few inches higher than mom, her head was tilted up to me as our kiss became more heated and passionate. When we enlisted our tongues to touch the other's, my hands were also rubbing mom's back and her upper ass cheeks.
It only seemed to take a few minutes and we became involved in a fervent, and passionate, making out session. I couldn't remember ever doing it as hot as mom and I were right then. My mother was showing me what a good kisser she was. And I really wanted more of them.
"Yesss, Tommy, give me those sweet kisses of yours, baby. Mommy wants her boy like she isn't supposed to have him. But I say 'fuck that' because I've waited long enough for you to do to your mother what you know you're supposed to do."
As we were hotly kissing, our crude and obscene conversation carried on...
"And can my mother tell her son just what it is that I'm supposed to do to her?"
Of course, I knew exactly what it was she was wanting me to do...but I wanted, no, I needed to hear it from my own mother what that was...
"Mommy needs her boy to fill in her pussy with his big...massive...COCK!!"
I was done with conversation at that point. I took mom's hand and led her to my bed, laying her down, and then I got on it next to her. I kissed her on the lips a few more times, and we exchanged our tongues as well. It hadn't been lost on me that she was still wearing the same dress that she had on at church, but because of her not wearing any panties, all that I needed to do right then was just lift up her dress so I could have access to her.
But mom was already two steps ahead of me. Lifting her ass slightly off the bed, she pulled the hem of her dress up to her waist so that her hairy cunt was now quite visible.
"Honey, it's time for the man of this house to fuck his woman. What do you have to say about that, son? Are you ready to take your woman?"
"Oh yeah, I am soooo ready, mom."
When I first started, I placed the head of my cock at mom's slit, moving it up and down, somewhat teasing her and wondering if she'd get after me for doing that.
"Stop fucking around, Tom; it's time now. I want it, and I want your cock in me. Fuck your mother like you know you should!!"
I began by guiding my cock through mom's pubic hair and into the slit of her pussy, sliding into her effortlessly, finding how moist she was between her legs. What I had long desired, dwelled on, and lusted for was happening at that very moment. As I was positioned above mom, her legs were spread to accommodate her son's very stiff cock, I started by lasciviously moving in and out of her, for the first time...fucking my very own mother!!
"Baby, oh my baby I've finally got your cock in me. Do you know how long I've wanted this, Tommy? Do you know how long your mother has had to hide my wanting this? I've wanted you to fuck me for years now. Even when your father still lived here, and we'd do it...I'd pretend it was you. I wanted you to fuck me instead of him. I needed to have your penis inside of me instead of your father's. I think if you would've come to me asking me to suck your cock, I would have done it. Even though I thought it was wrong.
"Sometimes when I was at church and they were preaching about fornication, I'd think of you and I'd imagine you and your cock fucking my pussy, or my ass. Can you believe it? This moral, upstanding pillar of the church wanted her son to fuck his mother's asshole. Perverted as I knew it was, I did all I could to fight it, and hide what my true feelings were about that. And now, here we are, and we're fucking, as we should be.
"When you were at my window last week, while I was pleasuring myself. I knew somebody was there, there were sounds that you made, even though you weren't aware of it. I knew someone was there, and I was hoping it was you, son. I wanted you to watch me masturbate. I've been wanting to expose myself to you for years, but I didn't have the nerve to do it. Until you came back from this last trip you made, where you met Eliza, I didn't know how I could make my feelings known to you.
"People may call her a witch, but as far as I'm concerned...she's an angel. A fucking angel who helped me have my son the way I'm supposed to. Like this, with your cock in me...fucking his mother the way a son is supposed to. Fuck your mother, baby. Fuck your mama and cum in me. Cum in me and claim me. I'm yours, if you want me that is."
"Oh God, mom, I want you. I've wanted you for years, too. I'm just sorry it took us this long before we did this. Ohhhhh, I can't believe how good it feels fucking you. It feels so good sliding through your cunt. Oh fuck, I don't know how long I can last. I love you, mom. I love you, oh my God."
After I told her that, I pulled out of her and then prompted mom to get up on the bed so I could take her doggie style. With her dress pulled up her pussy was exposed, thank goodness it wasn't in the way of what we were doing. But I decided to take it off of her, so I pulled it up along her waist and she knew what it was I was wanting. After she finally removed it, my mother was naked and on all fours, hands and knees on the bed.
As we fucked, I was taking her from behind and I wanted to have my hands on her gorgeous dangling tits. As I cupped and fondled them, slightly pinching her nipples with my fingers, mom was pushing her ass back on my firm cock, as I continued to plow into her. I couldn't help being excited as it was I was getting closer to the first time when I would cum inside my own mother.
But as far as I knew, she hadn't climaxed yet. So I reached my left hand around and under her until my fingers found her clit. I think she knew what it was I was wanting to do, so mom spread her legs a little more giving me better access to her love button.
"Tommy, yes, touch mommy right there, baby. Rub mama's clit for me...ohyes, that's it, honey. You are such a sweet fucker. You are mommy's sweet motherfucker. Oh yes, rub that clitty, you wild fucker!! Rub it...rub it...RUB IT!! OHH FUCK, YES!! I'm cumming!!!"
It was getting intense in my bed with mom and I. Truth was, she wasn't the only lover I'd ever had, but this was definitely the most smoking-hot fuck session that I could remember having experienced with any woman, up to that point.
"Tommy, your mother needs to feel you shoot your cum in her pussy. Fuck your mom and cum. I want to feel your jizz splash up inside my cunt. I need to have your cock spasm and throb in your mother's pussy. C'mon, motherfucker, give me what we both want, goddammit!!"
I was holding mom's hips and pounding her for all I was worth from behind. As that was going on, it hit me what a first-class seat I had in checking out mom's adorable, perfectly-shaped ass. I took my hands off the sides of her hips and grabbed what I could of her ass cheeks as my prick kept thrusting in and out of her. For years, when I would have the pleasure of watching mom walking from behind, it was this same ass that would mesmerize me as I'd watch it sway back and forth as she'd walk.
I think it was concentrating on mom's ass that helped to get me ready. I knew it was getting closer and closer to the time when I'd cum. And I wanted this first time with her and I to be memorable. I wanted mom to get what she was craving as far as how she said she wanted to feel my cum pouring into her.
"Are you getting close, honey? I want my baby to cum inside me, inside the very place you came from. Yes, think of it, Tom; you're fucking the same pussy from where you came from, honey!! Oh God, just thinking about that is making me cum again. Oh goddammit, drive your cock into me, motherfucker!!! Fuck me, fuck your mommy's cunt, honey!!"
My mother's profanity and wicked talk was what ultimately drove me over the edge. I firmly grabbed mom's hips and snuggled my cock up to her, as it finally began spewing my cum forcefully into her.
"Oh baby, your cock's twitching inside me, I can even feel your creamy spunk hitting the inside of mommy's cunt. Fuck-fuck-fuck-fuck that's soooo good, baby. You're making me cum all over again. You, my boy, are a wild motherfucker. And you're mine, all fucking mine now."
*****
That Sunday, we must have fucked at least four or five more times, into the early hours of Monday. Mother and son forming a bond that neither of us wanted to ever be broken.
Even the next day, we were up early going at it again, for what seemed hours on end, doing everything that we loved over again. Mother sucking my cock, me performing cunnilingus on her. We'd shower together, and of course, sleep together. She'd even come in the bathroom, kneeling while holding my cock and watch as I urinated. All social norms were broken as Mom and I enjoyed our taboo, incestuous connection with each other.
But it was what happened midday Tuesday, that changed everything about our relationship, as we heard a knock on our front door. I went to look out the peephole, and I saw the face of Vera Ellen Preston, the reverend's fiancée staring back at me.
End of part one