Since first starting this journey, I have enjoyed a passionate release beyond what I thought possible. Natalia has unlocked something, in a way that I had only wished for before the start of this adventure. Our next chapter took me into something I never thought she would do.
I want to explain my wife Natalia to you or Nats as I call her most of the time. She has dark hair peppered with blonde streaks, she loves being fit and her body has taken a shape of firmness - the type you love in a woman's body. Her breasts a full 34 C compliment almost everything she wears and there has been many occassions I have seen men (and women) stealing a glance at her breasts. Her body is tight, developed from a rigorous love for the gym. The most appealing though is that she is completely devote to keeping her pussy neatly shaven - you can run your cheek across the lips of her pussy and never feel anything but slick smoothness.
I had promised my wife a holiday after I had spent several weeks travelling. It had been an incredibly successful trip for me and I had tied up a few global deals that I never thought possible. It made me feel a bit invincible to be honest; power can always feed a desire. Nats hadnt travelled much; I have and continue to see the world so I thought it time to show her some of that excitement. Sitting on the plane with Paris opening up below as we came in to land she had known nothing, I had planned, packed and arranged everything. She constantly badgered me in the car "Devin, tell me where we going to end up - pleeeease babe" - there was howver no letting go of the secret as I told her "she will find out soon". I had even arranged her passport and she only realised where we were going when we boarded the plane. The whole trip we had joked, played with each other, she had snoozed against my shoulder while underneath the blanket my fingertips had weaved soft patterns around her breasts.
It was summer in Paris and the air was warm and she could feel the lust in the air, from when we landed. Our hotel was gorgeous – Parisian style and our room had massive doors which opened out on to a balcony overlooking the Champs Élysées – it was the most romantic sight in the world. Yea I hear the negative pundits now saying easy on the romance, but honestly romance unlocks passion and if you don't feed that deep internal fire, there is little chance of unlocking the animal sex addict.
As our bags got dropped off, I opened her bag and unpacked while she had some chilled champagne and watched the French people below in the streets. Life had been kind to us and I had decided that the kids were safe and we should spare no expense. I watched her noticing the sexiness and energy of the French people in the streets. Nats when she is starting to feel excited traces her hands down her body – personally I think she loves the feel of her tight woman's body. Honestly know no other way to explain other than to say the French are gorgeous, lustful, and desirable. While she had been outside I ran a bath and ordered her inside, as she walked she left a trail of her clothes to the bathroom and sneaked behind the door – just before I could see any part of her naked flesh.
As Nats lay in the bath, surrounded by bubbles, I came in and sat down on the edge of the bath. Offering her a glass of champagne, I took my shirt off in the warmth of the bathroom – steamy from the hot water and we chatted about everything that had happened during the week. Her sitting in the bath and me on the edge of the bath leaning back against the wall, it was impossible for me to see any part of her naked body and I could see her eyes hungrily absorb every inch of my body as we chatted. She knew I could not see through the bubbles and I guess she found it incredibly erotic as I was sitting right there, yet could see nothing. I knew what she was up to though as I saw her hands slip under the water. She could not resist as she slightly opened legs, slipping one leg out on to the side of the bath. Her fingers must have started to lightly massage her pussy and Nats slowly started fucking herself right there – her eyes were fixed on the muscles of my chest, tracing invisible lines down with her tongue. Hungrily underneath the bubbles, she now I guessed had two fingers deep inside her, and another rubbing her clit. I know when she is about to cum and just before she got to that moment, I jumped up and said – right get dressed, time to go explore Paris.
Natalia dressed in a cotton skirt, soft yet sensual. It was too hot for anything else but a loose fitting shirt, with a few buttons undone. Clearly she wore no bra as the bath had made her feel so aroused, she wanted to go walking with me, knowing I could steal glances at her naked breasts. Finally a soft pair of knickers, tight little thong and she was ready. I had had a shower and met her in the living room, with a simple pair of cargo shorts and a white collared top, loose and with a few buttons open– almost enticing her. She approved clearly, her nipples still slightly hard from her first experience in the bath.
As we walked down the streets, everywhere you looked, people seemed to be touching, kissing or fondling each other. We had walked up the stairs of the Eiffel Tower and she went first, knowing that I would be able to look up her skirt, noticing the firmness of her tight ass and the curve of her ripe innocent pussy. It was not only I who had noticed as once she looked back down and noticed a gorgeous French lady looking up her skirt, her nipples were erect through her shirt and she knew she was getting turned on by her. Knowing that she was turning on a complete stranger, made her pussy become immediately damp.
We had a yummy meal and sat in the warm evening, laughing and letting go with the more wine we drank. I was licking drops of wine from her sweet lips, the whole time my hands were on her body. It felt like the whole evening my hands were finding new places on her body – like exploring a stranger. I was always within inches of her tingling pussy, but never touched her.
As we walked home, I had her in my arms and my hands ran down her back and underneath her skirt, to circle her tight bum. More than once it had slipped underneath her knickers and she thought once, that I may actually pull them right off there and then. But I always just stopped. I was teasing her, making her incredibly wet. As we walked into the hotel, we thought to catch a final cocktail in the bar and as we sat on the bar stools, she opened her legs and sat astride my knee. Her pussy rubbed up against my leg and she felt the silkiness of her panties begin to feel moist and cling against her lips, almost as if they were hungrily licking at her knickers. There were two people next to us, a guy and a girl and they could not help notice her slight moans of pleasure. They also noticed as I unbuttoned more of her buttons on her top and slipped my hand over breast. They felt warm and soft and her nipples jumped into my fingers.
It was the girl (Cindy) who interrupted us, who we ended up sitting down with, at a small cosy table in the lounge. She was beautiful, with dripping sexiness and desire. As we laughed through the conversation, sharing memories of us and wild adventures we had enjoyed, Nats felt my hand touch her thigh and rub slowly up her skirt. Then disappear. Then back again and she felt it lift her skirt higher. She was the horniest she had ever been – the lust in the air of Paris, the steam of the bath, the champagne and my presence next to her, with the eyes of a beautiful girl absorbing both of us. She wanted her pussy to be caressed, licked, the sweetness of wetness tasted. As if I knew what she was thinking, she felt my fingers trace over her clit and it shook with anticipation. She moved her hands underneath the table and pretending to shift in her seat, clipped her knickers in her fingers and dropped them underneath the table. Before she even moved properly back, she felt my fingers slide into her and she gasped a little too loudly. We laughed and joked some more, she had to take deep sips of drink as she felt my fingers enticing her cunt to cum. About to explode, I removed my fingers from her and lifted my hands above the table. Cindy was certain to have known what was happening and as she saw the glistening juices on my fingers from wet pussy - in the most erotic thing I have ever seen, Cindy's eyes fixed on us, and she slipped my fingers into her mouth – one by one sucking at the juices that covered my fingers.
Up at the room, I opened up the doors and we cracked another bottle of champagne. Nats looked out over the balcony and the evening air licked up her thighs and hit the wetness of cunt – people were all over the streets and she knew that if anybody looked up they would look right into soft silken flesh of innocent naked sex.
Cindy was busy pouring her a drink and eventually came to sit down on a chair with us. I had other plans for Natalia and led her to the centre of the room, where I placed her in a large back chair and gently tied her hands behind back. I walked around the room slowly, admiring her, took a few steps outside to look out over the balcony then came back and stood behind her, massaging shoulders. She was in a daze of desire and my touch was electrifying.
Slowly my hands moved down her shoulders and one by one started unbuttoning her blouse. I was undressing her in front of Cindy and her just stared intently as her body was unfolded for her. She felt shocked yet strangely erotic – thinking she was about to be totally naked in front of her, a stranger. As I undid the last button, I released her breasts from the shirt and those thick full breasts jumped free – nipples bursting with passion. They were truly magnificent as if hand crafted to perfection and Cindy's eyes hungrily devoured her firm nipples. My fingers rubbed down across her nipples, squeezing them ever so gently to make them twitch in ecstasy.
I signalled for Cindy to come to me and she walked up right against me, leaned over Nats and kissed me with greed and desire. Right above my wife, inches from her head another woman tasted me. She could hear the noise of our long penetrating kiss and knowing this was driving her crazy with passion, while her hands were tied behind back –she really was at our complete mercy. Eventually we stopped and Cindy straddled her, sitting across her lap. My hands then ran down her shoulders and I lifted Cindy's shirt over her head – her breasts were soft and full, her nipples hard and small. I leant behind her and unhooked her bra, it fell to the floor and her nipples sprung free. "Taste them", I said and Nats needed no more encouragement –she buried her mouth over her breasts. Her nipples tasted sweet and her slight smell of perfume was almost like an aphrodisiac to her. However, it was Nats that we wanted and Cindy moved slowly down her shoulders, her tongue tracing every inch of her, until she reached her breasts and with the touch – so different to a man, almost knowing exactly what she wanted – her mouth enclosed around each nipple sucking with deep long and hard sucks. Natalia felt like she was going to explode, unable to touch us.
Just as she started to moan, I picked Claire up off her and just in front of her – I began to completely undress her for her. I was doing this for her as if unwrapping a present. Slowly I undid her long skirt and turned her so her back was to her, then gently pulled it down in front of her. She wore a gorgeous thong and her bum was firm and tight. I then asked her to remove her knickers and she bent down in front of us pulling them to the floor. I noticed she had shaven her tight little pussy and from behind, we could see how wet it was. Turning her around –again Cindy straddled Nats.
Natalia hesitated for a moment, looked at me, then looked at her, and she said it. "Lick me". My wife had unlocked something I never knew would ever happen.
As Claire moved slowly down my wife's body I thought she was going to move away from her but instead Nats felt her hot breath move over her cunt, first her breath tasting her, then her tongue slid slowly out her mouth and took her clit in her mouth. While my wife dropped her head back absorbing her tongue licking and tasting her pussy, I traced my hands over her breasts – watching. Her hands were straining against the ties which held her, frustrating but incredible. I walked around to the front of her in the chair, moved one of my fingers up to her pussy as well and she could feel my fingers between Cindy's tongue fucking her. I untied one of her hands and she moved it around to enclose my hard cock in her hand. She rubbed it furiously feeling it grow in her fingers.
Her orgasm was close, but I was still controlling everything to make sure she did not cum until I allowed it. Her pussy wanted more and she ordered me to fuck her. Cindy had moved back to the couch and with one leg over the armrest of the chair, her sex widely open and dripping, she buried three fingers deep inside herself. Her head was back and she was fucking herself over and over and over again. I watched her hands reach out for the champagne as she dribbled some down her pussy and then massaged it into her clit – the bubbles bursting in delight across her sex.
I undid Nats from the chair; she seemed to drift in a euphoric desire, as I stood her up and led her out to the balcony. I leant her forward on to the balcony and below her hundreds of people were walking the streets. She knew that at any minute somebody could look up and see her totally naked.
She did not look back but heard me slip my shorts off. I then stepped against her and my cock lay waiting at the entrance to her cunt. She was leaning over the balcony and watching all the people below her – knowing that within seconds I was going to make love to her and she wanted my cock now! It was then she felt the familiar size, shape and thickness of my engorged head slide over her now soaking wet pussy. It seemed like forever as it waited resting on clit, before I leant back and with the love and desire which she had come to want all the time, I buried my shaft into her pussy.
I knew just how to ride her and it was like her pussy had been made for my cock. It sucked me inside and her fingers slipped between her legs and massaged her clit. I was ramming her frantically from behind and she could not help moan with pleasure. She could feel my full balls slapping against her pussy as I slid in and out, the sounds of our lovemaking were enough to make her scream. I grabbed her ass and adjusting my thrust I penetrated her pussy deeply. Beneath us someone walking below had heard us and they turned to look up at her – it was a young couple and they could not carry on walking – they just were staring at us, trying to make out in the moonlight our desire and her breasts swaying with every strong stroke of my cock inside her. She looked down and her eyes met which heightened her fantasy and feelings – so erotic she thought legs were going to crumble.
Eventually she felt the waves of orgasm begin to take over from her and I slipped out of her and kneeled down beneath legs and tongue fucked her with those special licks of her clit which I knew would make her cum furiously. I sucked and licked and sucked until I felt the hot squirting juices of orgasm across my face and I licked very drop of her cum into my mouth. Her juices were sweet and she noticed I was going to cum looking down at my cock starting to quiver and the thick cum start to drip from the tip. She looked down to watch Cindy's lips slide over my cock and swallow the jets of warm cum down her throat......