Patsy woke the next morning tired yet feeling strangely excited. True to Mike's word she found the unending videos of tickle erotica he had mentioned, much to her delight. Women bound to tables, feet, feathers, groping fingers, groups, the scenes went on and on. The more she watched the more excited she became and the more she put herself in the central characters role! She finally fell asleep exhausted after watching for a few hours, finally feeling as if she had taken the edge off for the moment.
That morning, to her dismay, that edge was burning back on. Her conversation with Mike last night and the way he tickled her feet played through her mind over and over like a song on repeat. The desperate desire to play again battering against her own sense of hesitation and uncertainty. Her morning shower did not help matters and the extra soapy buff was put to good use yet again.
Stepping out of the shower she decided she needed to get out for a bit, the thought of another day hanging around the house like this more than she could bear. Pulling on her shorts and a shirt she quietly slipped down the stairs, not ready to meet Mike yet.
Walking to the kitchen mom and dad were already long gone, the clock in the kitchen showing it was only 9am. Ridiculously early to be up on a day off! After puttering around for a bit she decided she may as well go to the gym. She had recently gotten into working out and was enjoying not only the feeling of her exercise routine but the extra looks it seemed to attract. Leaning against the counter sipping a cup of coffee she half way hoped the exercise would burn out the tingly feeling still fluttering in her chest. Getting a quick snack she packed her gym bag and hopped in her car for the quick trip across town.
This time of day the gym was all but empty. Stepping through the door at the back she saw a couple people were working the treadmills while a few other guys and girls were scattered about lifting weights. Wearing black leggings and a short cut top that ended just above her belly button she stood in the middle of the wall length mirror in front of the dumbbells, slowly stretching out. She hid her smile as the others in the room noticed her bending over, feeling their eyes creep over her butt and the bottom of the shirt catching under her breasts. The thrill of being watched feeling even more intense today, the burning flutter growing warmer and warmer.
Deciding this would be a great leg day she wandered over to the squat rack. Lowering the bar on the smith machine she warms up on the empty bar, catching the gazes of others in the mirror with each rep. After a few sets she wanders over to the main section again, arranging a bench to support her leg for one legged squats. Kicking her shoes off she happens to look around and notices a tall busty redhead on the incline hammer press watching her. She glances back, watching her in return out of the corner of her eye as she goes through her routine. The woman is probably in her late 30's, her shoulder length red hair pulled back and held in place with a black headband. The knee length leggings and loose top certainly shows she works out and Patsy feels a new twist to her state of constant arousal today.
The next half hour she finds her gaze flicking back to the redhead over and over. Between sets her mind wanders, fantasizing of what it would be like, thinking of some of the scenes from last night, to be tickled by her. So many fun ways to get trapped and fun ideas she muses happily looking around. She imagines herself on one of the benches in the gym, arms overhead as the woman traced her nails down her arms, tickling her armpits like Mark yesterday. How fun would that be! Maybe a few of the others in the gym coming over to see what all the laughing was about? Her nipples tighten as she imagines the woman working a feather over them, bringing her to heights of teasing pleasure then to stop suddenly with tickles to her ribs and belly. Sitting on the bench she feels her breathing get faster, her excitement building in the private fantasy.
"You ok hon?"
Patsy shakes her head as she is suddenly ripped from her fantasy by reality. She looks up and is horrified to see the object of her fantasy standing beside her, hand resting lightly on her shoulder. The way she is leaning forward her breasts are at Patsy's eye level, so not the sight she needed at the moment. Although smaller than hers, she reflects just how eye catching they were from that angle.
"Oh! Oh sorry I was just thinking of something, guess I zoned out." Patsy says quickly, feeling her face grow hot under the woman's gaze.
The woman smiles, eyes quickly looking Patsy over, "Yes I guess you were. Must have been something intense," she says with a little chuckle. "You seemed very into it whatever it was."
"Ah, yeah I guess." She stands quickly, noticing once more how tall the woman was compared to her. "Guess maybe I over did it."
"Well you have been working hard this morning," the woman says with a smile.
Patsy smiles awkwardly," Yeah, I should get going. I think I'm done."
"I'll come down with you."
"Ok, sure," Patsy responds awkwardly.
"My name is Sue by the way," the woman says.
"Oh, sorry, Patsy."
"Hi Patsy nice to meet you. Very nice." She extends her hand and shakes Patsy's, her grip firm.
They walk to the stairs at the back of the gym, smiling at the eyes watching them walk by. The change rooms are the next floor down so the two take the stairs together, laughing at one point as Patsy's leg gives out slightly on a step.
In the change room, Patsy watches Sue undress as she roots through her bag on the bench. Her tall fit physique a bit of a contrast to her own, Patsy finds the fantasy playing back in her mind again.
"I'm just grabbing a shower, you coming?" she asks.
Nodding quietly, feeling somehow muted in Sue's presence she undresses deciding at that moment she needed a quick shower to sort herself out before going home. She is thrilled to see the woman watching her undress, imagining those nicely shaped nails tickling her yet again.
Grabbing a towel from her bag she walks over to the shower room, turning the hot water on and waiting with her hand in the stream. Her heart skips when Sue walks in behind her turning on the shower beside hers. She glances at Patsy and smiles again, eyes caressing her breasts and over her body.
The shower room is the typical open room with several showerheads spaced along the walls. The two laugh lightly as they dip fingers in the cold sprays waiting for the water to warm. Before long the room fills with steam and the tall redhead steps into the water.
"How are your legs? Loosening up any?" She asks as she dips her hair under the water before squeezing some shampoo on her hands. Patsy stares openly as she starts lathering, her breasts swaying with the motion. The hell is happening to me? Patsy's mind racing as she watches. While she has played around with one of her friends one post party drunken evening, she has never really swung this way before.
"Yeah not too bad," she replies, visions of a different shower scene playing through her mind.
"Make sure you stretch out when you get home, you were pumping out some reps today."
Nodding her head in agreement, oddly speechless for her, she grabs her shower buff and squeezes some soap from her bottle. The sensation of the soapy buff on her skin sends tingles through her already sensitive body. Knowing the tall woman was watching her wash was so exciting! She lathered her breasts, dragging the buff over her nipples a few times loving the feel of it. She feels a tension in the air, like a conversation that is wanting to happen but no one knows how to start it. She watches as Sue washes the soap off in the hot water, the muscular legs and ass so defined and sexy! Is she moving so slow knowing Patsy was watching back? In the back of her mind a thought perks, what happens when two exhibitionists meet in the shower?
After an agonizing few minutes Sue turns off her shower, pulling her hair back and twisting to help drain the water from it. Patsy openly stares at her breasts again, the smooth flat belly and shaved mound holding her gaze like a magnet. Her shoulders and arms are rather developed Patsy realizes, making the movement of her breasts all the more enticing. Taking a deep breath she turns off her own water, running her hands over her body before stepping to the rack to grab her towel. She quickly dries her damp hair then works the towel over her body. The woman does the same, both openly watching at each other as they dry off. Patsy feels so aroused she is speechless. What to do? The woman seems so calm, so in control as she smiles while watching Patsy dry off. She feels so tense, so turned on she wants to explode. Hands shaking with excitement she dries her legs aware of the view she is giving. She loves being watched but she's never had anything like this!
After watching each other dry off they quietly walk to the change room together. The cool air gives her a little shiver, her nipples agonizingly tight with the cold and she has to admit desire. Quietly the women open their lockers, when Patsy blurts out, "So do you work out here often?"
Once the words come out she feels an incredible sense of embarrassment wash over her. What the hell, she thinks. Of all the things to ask? Fuck sake!
Sue smiles, recognizing Patsy's nervous question for what is was. "Yes," she says pulling panties from her locker and slipping them on. "I work out at a few other spots too, but sometimes the timing here is just easier. How about you hon?"
Patsy watches, only half realizing she is still naked, as she watches Sue get dressed. Pulling up a knee length skirt Sue says, "You should probably get dressed. While I'm truly enjoying the view there will be others along soon."
Patsy feels a moment of embarrassment as she quickly reaches into her locker looking for her clothes.
Patsy replies with a chuckle. "I'm sorry, I'm not usually so quiet."
"It is ok, I understand," Sue says as she adjusts her bra. She takes a blouse from the locker and buttons it up while looking openly at Patsy. "I'll be up front. I really enjoyed meeting you here, hopefully we can meet again under different circumstances."
"Um thanks," Patsy says awkwardly," Me too I think. No I mean me too."
"Thank you," she replies as she brushed Patsy's bare shoulder. A smile lights up her face, the green eyes sparkling. Giving Patsy a wink she quietly picks up her bag and walks to the door before stopping to turn back, "Oh and careful in that shower, interesting things happening in there from time to time."
With a wink she swings the door open and steps out leaving Patsy feeling frustrated and even more turned on than before.