Thanks to Ravenna933, as always, for her work editing this story into the form you see below.
The next morning dawned with the ship still under steam. I awoke with morning wood, barely conscious of anything except the breaking dawn trying to find its way through the curtain of our cabin, the throbbing rod between my legs, and the naked woman sleeping beside me. We'd somehow wound up spooning in the night, and my cock was now perfectly aligned with Lauren's butt crack as my hand rested between her breasts.
Still half-asleep, and without really being conscious what I was doing, I started grinding gently against her, just enough to start releasing some of the unbearable tension I was feeling between my legs. Lauren's breathing was still deep and unchanged, and her soft, warm skin felt so good against my sensitive penis.
After a few minutes Lauren stirred slightly, and I realized she was awake. She slowly grabbed down between her legs and pulled my cock between them, and suddenly I felt intense heat and wetness, coating her inner thighs. I thrust into her thigh gap a few times, straining to make contact with her hot vulva, as she then moved my hand directly onto her breast. Her erect nipple poked the palm of my hand firmly.
Oh, shit.
Suddenly fully awake and aware, I bounded out of bed, cock flopping in protest. Lauren rolled over, still half-asleep.
"...What?," she mumbled. She noticed my dick. "Oh, good morning."
"We're playing with fire here, Kovalenko."
"Fire's fun to play with," she said sleepily. She reached a hand down between her legs, then pulled her hand up, examining the wetness coating her fingertips with interest. "Girls get morning wood too, you know. One of my girlfriends calls it 'morning dew'."
I turned and walked to the bathroom, hopping into the shower on cold, and staying there until my erection was gone. When I came back into the room, Lauren was sound asleep again, so I dressed quietly and made my way up on deck.
I was up on the Lido eating breakfast and nursing my second coffee of the day when a message came over my phone. It was Danielle.
Are you going to be going to the beach today?she asked.
Of course,I responded.
Maybe we can hang out then. I'm just getting ready in our cabin but we're planning to be on one of the first tenders. Meet you in the lobby at 10?
Sounds good,I texted back, then went back to the cabin. Lauren was awake, but still laying in bed nude.
"Tenders start at 10 to take us ashore to Half Moon Cay. What are you thinking about doing today?" I asked.
"I might just stay here," she answered, evasively.
"Is everything okay?"
"It's fine," she said icily, rolling away from me.
I knew from years of experience that Lauren had moments where she'd clam up and shut down. It was one of my least favourite aspects of her personality, and whatever had triggered it out of all the possibilities over the past few days, I knew better than to try to break through the barrier she'd erected. When she was ready, she'd be herself again like nothing had happened.
I gathered my things for the beach and headed down to the lobby, meeting Emily and Danielle there.
Half Moon Cay, also known as Little San Salvador Island, is a 10 sq. km private island in the Bahamas owned by the Carnival Corporation. From the first view as we climbed into the shore tenders - the small boats that ferried passengers between ship and shore in the absence of a pier large enough to accommodate theCarnival Liberty -the island was one long, crescent-shaped beach, with a little bit of lush greenery in the background behind the white sand. The water was an impossible shade of turquoise, a colour I wouldn't have believed existed in real life. There was no sign of human habitation past a few low buildings on the beach, and I had the thought that it was one of the Caribbean's thousand identical islands like this one on which Columbus had landed on in 1492.
Scores of mainly-Filipino employees were already on land, manning the pubs and pushing carts of food and restaurant supplies to cater lunch later in the day. We were among the first passengers to alight on shore, facing hundreds of empty chaises longues in the foreground, then an arcing empty beach disappearing down towards a small rock formation at beach's end.
Emily and Danielle led on to a spot near the end of the chaises, then set up our towels and went swimming. I was a little worried about things being awkward with Danielle, but she betrayed no sign of anything amiss after our conversation the night before. Emily kept up a stream of chatter about nothing in particular as we splashed and played in the warm water. It was my first time seeing Emily in a bikini, and I admired how fit she was - she had rock-solid abs and scarcely an ounce of extra fat. Her body was lean and toned, with a relatively flat chest and small bottom.
After some time playing in the surf, we came in, and I noticed two young men sitting in the chairs adjacent whom the girls clearly knew. I introduced myself and discovered they were Liam and Oliver from Oregon. Oliver was tall, blond, and handsome. He had the chiselled physique of a Greek god, the kind of man who could have done modelling. Liam had dark, shaggy hair and was shorter, with a neatly-trimmed beard. Both were muscular and fit - lacrosse players, I later found out.
"Missed you last night in the club," said one of the boys to the girls, ignoring me entirely.
I soon gathered that these two guys were the ones that Emily and Danielle had been flirting with the first night in the ship's dance club. I stayed out of the conversation from that point on and didn't really eavesdrop, instead choosing to tune out and relax while working on my tan.
I must have lay there for at least ten minutes before a shadow blocked out my sunlight. I opened my eyes to see Danielle towering over me.
"Earth to Sean, come in please," she said.
"Sorry, spaced out there," I apologized. "What's up?"
"Do you want to walk down the beach with me?"
I looked around and saw both boys and Emily had disappeared. "Where are the others?" I asked.
"They went to the bar. I told them I wasn't ready to drink at 11 AM, which is true, but I'd also like to talk again. If you'd like to."
"Of course," I smiled.
I gathered my things and put my sandals on, and we started meandering down the beach.
"So..." I began, smoothly.
"You gave me a lot to think about, mister," Danielle accused.
"Good thing or bad thing?"
"I don't know," she said. "I woke up this morning feeling both relieved and guilty. I think for sure I've decided to break up with Andre. I won't be able to make a final decision until I see him again, but I can't get your words out of my head. He doesn't offer me anything that I can't give myself, except money and a penis. Which, as useful as those things both are, aren't exactly irreplaceable."
I smiled. "I don't think I gave you the answer. I just helped you figure out what you already knew."
"You're exactly right," she agreed. "But I still feel insanely guilty for kissing you last night. It's still cheating, even if I have decided to break up. And I hate lying to Emily about it. We tell each other everything. I'm not used to keeping secrets from her."
"She really wouldn't understand?"
"She thinks my relationship is just like hers, which means she would no more understand my breaking up with Andre than my suggesting she break up with Milos." Danielle sighed. "She's a great friend, but she doesn't exactly have a lot of empathy sometimes."
"Makes sense. For me, I don't want to be the man that causes you to cheat on your boyfriend, but I don't think a single drunken kiss is unforgivable', I said. "Mistakes happen, and no one will ever find out about this one."
"I know you won't kiss and tell," she said honestly. "I'm worried about the rest of the cruise."
"Why?" I asked. "Nothing else is going to happen if you don't want it to."
"Not with you," she agreed. "I trust you won't take advantage of me. If you were going to, you would have last night. But I don't trust myself, and I don't trust these other predator boys out there looking to score. Liam and I were flirting like mad in the club the other night, and I would have fucked him if I'd had the opportunity. He's single, he's got no reason not to do it."
"Do you want to bang him?"
"Not really," she said. "He's a typical fuckboy type, say whatever it takes to get your panties off and then ghost you afterwards. But I've never had a one-night stand, and my accepting that Andre and I probably aren't going to last forever has made me conscious of other options in a way I've never felt before."
"That makes sense."
"Can I tell you something that might get me into trouble?" Danielle coyishly bit her lower lip.
"Of course."
"Liam was fun to flirt with, but he's really not my type. But I felt more electricity in that one kiss with you than I've felt inyearswith Andre."
"I enjoyed it too," I agreed.
"I could probably resist sleeping with some random boy, but I don't know if I'll be able to resist you." She glanced at me out of the corner of her eye, not able to make eye contact.
I swelled with pride inside, despite myself. "I'll take that as a compliment, and I think you're incredibly beautiful too. But I don't know why you're telling me this if you're trying to stay faithful to Andre on this trip."
"It's because I'm an idiot. I don't know what I want," Danielle said sheepishly.
"I think you know what you want," I shot back. "You told me what you wanted last night. I think the conflict isn't between the good girl and the bad girl inside of you, it's between what you want on one side and Emily and your upbringing telling you that you're wrong for wanting that."
We stopped for a minute, looking at each other as the wheels turned behind Danielle's limpid brown eyes. She appeared to be in deep conflict. Over her shoulder, the ship sat anchored offshore, beautiful in the morning sunshine. Tenders were still making the run back and forth between the ship and the island, full of our fellow passengers, and by now we'd walked far enough that the majority of the crowd were behind us. Suddenly Danielle's gaze moved over my shoulder as her eyes widened.
"Are theyfucking?"
I turned and looked where Danielle was staring. A young African-American couple was floating in the shallow water. The woman was sitting in the man's lap, straddling him as they moved together. The two of them both had far-off looks in their eyes, and while they weren't doing much, there was a rhythm in their movements that was unmistakable. I tried looking under the water for confirmation, but the ripples of the seawater and gentle breakers as they approached the shoreline made it impossible to know for sure.
Danielle and I stared for a few moments until the man happened to look in our direction and we both turned away in embarrassment.
"They're going at it, right in front of us," she whispered in disbelief.
"There's so much debauchery on this ship," I agreed. "Are all cruises like this?"
"No idea," she answered. "Let's keep walking." She shook her head as if clearing the cobwebs.
We turned and started to walk again, though I kept checking the couple out of the corner of my eye as we passed them, and I noticed Danielle doing the same. Once we were safely past, she started talking again.
"They were definitely fucking. I saw thrusting." She seemed excited.
"Agreed. I'd never have the nerve to do that out in public."
"Me neither. But I've never seen anything like what I've seen on this ship. I also missed out on the craziness of freshman year in college. This is already the most dangerous, sexually-charged atmosphere I've ever been in, and it's only the second full day on board." She licked her lips. "I kind of like it here."
"I like it too. I've been in a dry spell lately and I've definitely noticed it," I confessed. I decided not to mention the previous night's activities. Getting used by a pair of swingers barely counted.
"This is the worst time it could happen for me, too," she continued. "I feel mentally free, and like I want to start exploring who I really am. The process is already starting, but I can't really let loose yet, between rooming with Emily and still technically being in a relationship." She paused, thinking. "Is it hard sharing a room with Lauren when it's so sexual on board?"
"I mean, I can always jerk off in the shower if I need to," I said nonchalantly.
"I wish I could," Danielle pouted.
"Why not? The door locks."
"I know," she said, frustrated. "But it takes two girls a while to get ready, and Emily and I are so close that she thinks nothing of coming into the bathroom to do her makeup or whatever while I'm in the shower. If I locked the door with the shower running, she'd know I was up to something."
"That sucks," I sympathized.
"She actually likes just coming in and hanging out while I'm in there anyway," she continued. "It used to bother me, but now I'm just used to it. She's seen me naked more times than my boyfriend."
I pondered this, remembering Lauren's comment about Emily setting off her gaydar, and decided not to mention it to Danielle.
"I don't know how I'm going to make it to the end," she continued, pouting.
We reached the rock formation at the end of the beach, and without speaking, we started climbing. It wasn't a long or difficult climb, and as I scampered up, I pondered my next move.Danielle wouldn't be telling you all this if she didn't want you on some level, I told myself.But she also seems like she really wants to stay faithful until she can end it with Andre, and I don't want to be the other man, particularly if Emily finds out.Flirting with a woman for the first time in months was helping my state of mind, but I decided that I was going to leave what happened next to her. If she made another move on me, I'd go with it, but I wasn't going to actively pursue her.
As we reached the top of the rocks, we looked back over the water. The crescent beach extended out for a kilometre beneath us back towards the tender port. I could see the young exhibitionist couple still straddling each other in the water, isolated from other passengers apart from the occasional walkers.
As we turned to explore the back side of the rocks, suddenly I heard voices. Danielle clearly heard them too, because she ducked down in the shade of a large bush, seven or eight feet away from me, then together we peered out over the edge of the rocks.
We were about fifteen feet above a small beach facing away from the main beach. The small beach was secluded, and it was already occupied by two dark-haired people locked in an embrace and quietly speaking Spanish to each other. I caught Danielle's eye, and hers widened as she mouthed "Miguel and Alejandra" at me.
She was right. It was our tablemates. Alejandra was sitting in Miguel's lap, making out with him, and he had one hand on her breast as he kissed her.
I looked back at Danielle, wordlessly asking her what to do, but her eyes were locked on the action below us. She bit her lower lip and nervously played with her hair as she watched.
I turned my attention back to the scene below. Miguel had taken Alejandra's breast out of her bikini top, and he was giving it attention with his mouth as she ran her fingers through his hair. She kept looking around as he worked, trying to see if anyone was coming, but she was only checking the path around the end of the rocks at the end, not overhead.They must have walked around the end of the beach, I thought.
I was starting to get an erection, and I wasn't sure I'd be able to hide it in my bathing suit. I decided I'd worry about it later.
I looked down again as the scene was progressing. Alejandra's top was now off, and Miguel's hand was now between his wife's legs in her bikini bottom, and she had a look of pleasure on her face as he worked on her. I couldn't see her eyes through her sunglasses, nor could I understand the quiet Spanish they were speaking to each other, but her face betrayed the pleasure she was feeling, and I finally saw her breasts in all their glory, medium-sized, perky, dark nipples erect.
I looked back at Danielle. "Are you okay?" I mouthed at her. She nodded quickly, seemingly frightened of being caught, yet still unable to look away. She was now flushed, and I noticed her nipples starting to poke through her bikini top. My erection was now at full staff, and I reached into my swimsuit to adjust it to a comfortable position.
I turned back to the beach. Alejandra moved so she was lying in the sand on a ship's issue towel, and I saw her quickly remove her bikini bottoms. She was clean-shaven down there, and I caught a glimpse of her slit as she opened her legs to her husband. Miguel pulled off his bathing suit, revealing his cock, the second time both in my lifetime and in the past twelve hours I'd seen another man with an erection. Miguel's body was hairy all over, and his dick was huge, even from a distance. I looked back at Danielle, smiling at the look of shock on her face.
"Holy shit," she mouthed at me, pointing at him, and then mimicking jerking off between her legs. Her eyes were saucers.
I looked down again to see Miguel plunge into his wife. He was upright as he entered her, so I could see all of Alejandra, but Miguel only from behind. I estimated that Danielle, a few feet away, could probably see the actual penis-in-vagina action, but I was at slightly the wrong angle for that show. I still was enjoying the look on Alejandra's face, though.
I made another look at Danielle, and she had moved to a kneeling position, with her right hand gently roaming her body, occasionally touching her breasts through her bikini. She was biting her bottom lip with determination and I noticed her hand was slightly shaky as it roamed her body. I was now painfully erect, and I finally loosened the liner of my bathing suit and let my cock free, erupting out one of my leg holes. I was too far gone to care if Danielle saw it, but her eyes were still glued to the show below us.
Their sex was hard and fast, Alejandra's tits bouncing vigorously as Miguel pounded her. It didn't last long, only a couple of minutes, before Miguel stiffened and pressed into Alejandra, silently emptying his balls into her. She smiled, wrapping her legs around him, as if willing him not to pull out until all his cum was safely inside her. I didn't think Alejandra had climaxed, but when he pulled out, they both started putting their swimsuits back on, which triggered me looking back at Danielle.
"Time to go."
She nodded and stood, her legs slightly wobbly as we stealthily slunk away into some bushes nearby.
Once we were out of immediate earshot, Danielle turned to me.
"Hoooooo-ly. Oh my God. I'm a small-town Ohio girl. I've never seen anything like that before."
"Are you okay?" I asked. She looked like she was on the verge of hyperventilating.
"I don't know," she answered. "I've never been this turned on in my entire life." She looked down, noticing my still raging erection making an obvious bulge in my swimsuit. "You too?"
"That was fucking hot," I answered.
Danielle knelt down on the ground. "I need to cum. I need to cum so bad."
"Do you want me to leave?"
"No," she answered. "I don't know. No. I should say yes. But no."
She spread her legs and held her hand on her abdomen, fighting a battle with herself. "Masturbation isn't cheating, right?" Without waiting for me to respond, she answered herself. "No, of course not. I know Andre does it. He knows I do it. How could it be cheating?"
Danielle made her decision and slid her hand into her bikini bottoms. Her eyes were glued to my bulge, and I decided to reach in and start jerking off as well. There wasn't much room in my swimsuit, so after a few moments of fighting against the still damp material, I pulled my cock out and started stroking it.
Danielle said nothing, but her hand started working her pussy faster and harder, and I could now hear the very wet noises coming from between her legs. She still stared wantonly at my penis, biting her lip and very obviously fighting a battle with herself to remain silent.
She noticed me staring between her legs, and without saying anything, paused, and lowered her bikini bottom to her mid-thighs, just enough that I could see her pussy. She was smooth and hairless - recently waxed, from the look of it - and while I couldn't see much else but her hand going to work given that she was kneeling straight up, I smiled in appreciation of the gesture.
It didn't take either of us very long. Danielle was first to go off, her body seizing and shaking as her legs closed like a vise over her hand. She was clearly holding her breath in an effort not to make noise, and her face and torso turned bright red from exertion and lack of air as she rode out what looked like an epic orgasm. Seeing her set me off, and I came like a rocket, all the buildup of the past few days blowing out of me all at once as I blew semen at least a foot away into the sand.
As I came down, Danielle suddenly looked like she was on the verge of a panic attack. "Oh, no. No. What have I done?"
She moved to run towards the beach, her bottoms still just above her knees, but I grabbed her and held her as she shook with emotion, not crying, but obviously feeling all kinds of powerful thoughts all at once.
I held her for a few moments, wordlessly, as she felt out whatever she was feeling. I didn't want to make her talk, I just was content to let her feel what she needed to. I also tried mostly successfully not to stare at her smooth vulva as I held her.
She finally started to slow her breathing, and I turned to her, looking her deep in her brown eyes. "It's okay."
"How can it be?"
"Because either you're breaking up with him, in which case it isn't cheating, or it's a once in a lifetime mistake where you could have done a lot worse and didn't."
"Twice in a lifetime. Twice in twelve hours." She suddenly realized she was still bottomless and pulled up her bikini bottoms roughly, embarrassed.
"You told me you've already decided to break up with him, right?"
"I think so."
"Then you're a single woman on the rebound, and you didn't do anything wrong."
Danielle considered this. "I don't even come close to believing you, but I appreciate you trying to justify it for me. Girls like me don't do things like this."
"There's nothing wrong with being a sexual person, and there's nothing wrong with exploring it.," I said.
"I know," she responded. "I believe that."
"Then it's just a thing that happened. It doesn't have to happen ever again."
Danielle thought for a minute. "Thanks, Sean." She stood up. "I'm not sure how I'm going to feel about myself later on, but Jesus Christ. This is the hottest thing that's ever happened to me."
I laughed. "Worth it, right?"
"Part of me says yes, and part of me is saying I should feel guilty."
"Is it the real you that's telling you what you should feel?" I asked.
"I don't know who the real me is anymore," she answered. "Can we go back? I don't feel comfortable staying here."
I kicked sand over the semen stain on the ground, and the two of us emerged back onto the beach, only to spot Miguel and Alejandra also on their way back.
"Hola, muchachos!" Miguel waved at us. I waved back as Danielle blushed deeply.
"Nice island, eh?" I began.
"It's beautiful!" Alejandra agreed. "We walked around the back of the rocks there, but there wasn't much to see. We were going to head back and get a drink; do you want to join us?"
"Of course," I said.
We walked the fifteen or so minutes keeping up a polite, completely superficial conversation to which Danielle contributed not a thing. I felt bad for her, as it seemed like she was torturing herself a little bit, whatever she was feeling was a conflict that she was going to have to resolve in her own head. I liked her, but I decided there and then that I was going to have to try to resist her if she came onto me again.Figures, I thought.Now I've got two horny women trying to get after me that it's my sole responsibility to resist.I hadn't been feeling overly sexual over the past six months since falling into my depression, but it felt like all that six months of repression was exploding out of me on this cruise, and while I was starting to feel better, I wasn't sure if I'd be able to keep my defenses up forever.
I was also still annoyed at Lauren for putting me into a situation where I was responsible for keeping her worst impulses in check. I'd sometimes had to act as her babysitter over the years, and on occasion I'd had to be the angel on her shoulder just as she'd been the devil on mine. We'd been good for each other with that dynamic, and I'd always enjoyed the sexual tension of our friendship. There had been many occasions during the time we lived together that we'd gone to bed separately after winding each other up, and I'd immediately heard her vibrator through the air vent as I got myself off, but this felt different. The lines we'd set with each other may not have made any sense to anyone else, but they worked for us, and we'd never crossed them before. Now it felt like multiple lines had already been crossed in only a few days back together. I was still feeling vulnerable, and I really didn't want to do something I'd regret.
When we finally reached the outdoor bar, I grabbed bottles of the local Bahamian beer - Kalik - for myself and Danielle, and we enjoyed lunch as a foursome on the patio before splitting up. Danielle barely touched her food, to the point that Alejandra even noticed, but she made up some excuse about not feeling well.
After lunch, Miguel and Alejandra headed back to the ship, and Danielle and I headed back to our beach chairs. We discovered Emily, Liam, and Oliver still there, sunning themselves, along with a fourth - Lauren was with them in her green and yellow bikini.
"Hi Sean!" she shouted enthusiastically.
"Are we good again?" I asked her quietly.
"I don't even know what you're talking about," she said breezily.
I shrugged.Typical.When we'd first become close, I had beat myself up over her moods, examining and re-examining things I'd said and done to try to figure out what had caused it. Now I just rolled with it, to no measurable difference in Lauren's demeanour.
I was overheated, and I went out in the water on my own to cool off. Floating in the saltwater, Caribbean sun beating down on my body, I finally relaxed. I hadn't realized I had needed a vacation, but I'd been working non-stop for months on end. I had buried myself in my work to avoid dealing with my feelings, and despite myself, I realized Lauren had shown up at exactly the right time. She may have needed me, but I was on a free trip to the Caribbean, and I still loved her and needed her too. Our friendship had suffered so much over such a long distance. Having her back felt right, like a hole I hadn't noticed was there was suddenly filled.
I floated there in a state of bliss for at least an hour, feeling the stress and depression melting away, then came in to find Lauren and our new friends had moved up to the bar. I wasn't feeling overly social, so I made my way instead to one of the tenders and sailed back to the ship. I found our cabin, showered the salt water off, then pulled out a book I'd been meaning to get to for months and started reading.This is the life.
A couple of blissful hours later, I finally heard Lauren's keycard in the lock, and she appeared. She had picked up a serious tan over the past couple of hours, and she was clearly a few cocktails into her day.
"Sean!" she yelped. "Where did you go?"
"I came back," I explained. "I needed some time to myself."
"I made friends," she said. "Emily and Danielle and Liam and Oliver and I are bros now." She smiled, and I rolled my eyes.
"I know you say 'bros' ironically, but the boys might not know that," I said seriously. "They're the kind of dudes who look like they say 'broseph' and 'brewski' and mean it."
"I need a shower to get the salt off," she ignored me. "Feel free to follow me into the bathroom, just let me pee first."
I waited until I heard the toilet flush, then opened the door to the bathroom just as a nude Lauren stepped into the tiny shower stall. I sat on the bathroom counter, watching her.
"The boys are fine," Lauren began. "A little dumb, but eager to please. Total fuckboys, though. It's fun leading them on, but neither of them are getting laid on this cruise. At least, not from me or the girls." She began soaping herself up. "I think I might have gotten burned a little. That sun is a motherfucker."
"You could do it with them," I pointed out. "Emily and Danielle are taken, but you're single."
"I've fucked enough Liams and Olivers to last a lifetime," she shot back. "Oliver's gorgeous and young and he's never had to work to find female attention. I know exactly what to expect. It'll be thirty seconds of frantic thrusting, followed by anxiously waiting for him to leave so I can get myself off. Been there, done that. I'm never fucking someone under 25 again."
"Fair enough. What about Liam?"
"I'm not attracted to Liam." She turned to face me through the curtain. "Speaking of never again, last night was weird as fuck, eh?"
"Jesus Christ, I've never felt so used," I agreed. "I feel like we were unwitting participants in someone else's sexual fantasy."
"Are you okay?" Lauren's eyes met mine through the translucent shower curtain.
"Yeah. I'm glad to have the dry spell over. Jill was great with her mouth, and she knew what she was doing on top. It really wasn't bad sex, just sterile and passionless. It felt good physically, it just didn't do anything for me emotionally." I shifted my position as Lauren started washing her hair. "Are you?"
"Kind of the same," she said. "I don't like how I felt after Tom finished with me. He was super hot while he was flirting with me, and he was a crazy good kisser. Then he got inside me, and it was like he didn't care about me anymore. I don't need him to have feelings for me, but it's like he forgot I was a person." She shrugged. "I've had worse sex."
"I'd never seen a guy with a boner before..." I started.
"Really?! Seany, you're so sheltered." Lauren interrupted.
"More like so straight," I continued. "But yeah, do other guys have curved dicks like that? I had no idea that was even an option."
"It's not super common, but yeah, it happens," she responded. "Some girls like them because they're better for hitting certain spots inside, but I'm more of a clit girl, so it really doesn't make a difference to me."
"Huh." I had nothing to add.
Lauren turned the water off and pulled the shower curtain back, filling the room with steam and her scent, then grabbed a towel off the rack and started drying herself. "I haven't forgotten my promise to get you laid before the end of the cruise, you know."
"That's nice of you, but you really don't have to, and you also already got me laid last night," I reminded her.
"Weird, awkward sex doesn't count," she retorted. "I'm going to make sure you have good sex this trip. And me too. Last night didn't count for me either." She finished drying and then motioned to the room. "Gotta moisturize this sunburn, move over."
We went back to the bedroom and Lauren started rubbing moisturizer all over her nude body as we kept talking.
"I want you to know that I'm already starting to feel better, a little," I began. "I'm not naïve enough to think that depression can go away forever after one day on the beach, but I feel better than I have in months."
"Yay!" Lauren hugged me tightly, and I couldn't help feel a wave of excitement as her naked body pressed into mine. "I'm so happy to hear it. I'm glad you're getting something out of this cruise."
"Me too."
"Oh, speaking of getting you laid, Danielle likes you," Lauren said matter-of-factly.
"What makes you say that?" I tried to sound surprised. "Did she say anything?"
"No, but a girl can tell. She looks at you constantly," Lauren answered. "Whenever you're looking away, she's got her eye on you. She hangs off every word you say when you're talking. I know how to read a girl's signals. She's got the hots for you, big time."
"I mean... I guess I picked up on that too," I said innocently, "but she's taken."
"Doesn't matter," she responded. "We're at sea. Maritime law doesn't recognize cheating as a crime."
I paused, thinking. "Is that true?"
Lauren shook her head. "I don't fucking know, man. I just mean, if someone's going to cheat, this is the time and place to do it."
"I don't want to be the other man."
"That's good of you," she smiled. She had a leg up on the bed, moisturizing, and I tried not to stare at her easily-visible slit. "But it ain't your job to make sure someone else follows their rules, as long as you're following your own."
"Agree to disagree," I said.
Just then, the ship's whistle sounded, and I felt the gentle thrumming sound of the engines deep below us. "Looks like we're underway. What's next?"
"I'm going for another drink in the bar with the girls and the boys, and you should come. I missed having you there today," she said.
"I needed the time to myself," I said truthfully. "I'm still decompressing from everything. I like cruising, though, so far. It's nice having a mix of relaxing and stuff to do."
"I agree with you. I went to an all-inclusive once and I was bored silly after a couple of days," Lauren volunteered. "Cruising is a great mix of relaxing and doing things, and we haven't even done a proper excursion yet."
She finally finished her post-shower routine, and stood up, staring at me. "Sean, you already look tanned, more relaxed, and happier. You barely seemed like the Sean I remember when I saw you in Toronto a couple of days ago, and you're already seeming more yourself. You look five years younger, even. I'm proud of you." She gave me another hug, and again I felt the heat of the shower radiating off her body as her naked breasts smushed into my chest. She put her head on my shoulder, holding the feeling for a few moments, then pulled back. "Will you please come with me down to the bar? You've barely even spoken with Emily, and you haven't met the boys. Things got a little sexual this afternoon. No action, just talking. It was fun."
"Any further thoughts on Emily being a closeted bisexual?"
"I'm working on it." She grinned evilly.
"Hey, leave her alone. Her and Milos seem happy."
"I'm not trying to sleep with her," Lauren shot back. "I'm just seeing if she can be tempted. She said she likes flirting and winding people up. I'm trying to give her a taste of her own medicine."
"Careful, though."
"You know me."
"I do know you, Ms. Kovalenko, hence my concern." I gave her a look of disapproval, and she gave me a quick kiss on the cheek in return.
"It's almost time. Let's go meet our friends."
Lauren threw on a halter top without a bra over a pair of leggings, and I put on a nice pair of jeans with a polo shirt. She quickly applied a little makeup, and then we went down to the bar.
The ship's bar was packed when we got there. The foursome was holding down a table, but there was no extra space for the two of us, so we ordered drinks and then started wandering looking for an open space. After a few minutes of searching to no avail, I suggested we just retire to our cabin, to general agreement. Both the girls and the boys were staying in windowless interior rooms, and all four were excited to see a room with a balcony.
We made it back to our cabin, and after a quick tour, we sat down. I took the single desk chair, Lauren and the boys sat on the room's couch, and Emily and Danielle sat facing me on the bed.
Lauren took the lead immediately. "Sean here has been decompressing from his big important finance job the past few days, but I'm glad to have the opportunity to introduce him to you again."
I smiled and offered my drink around the table for cheers. Three of four clinked their classes enthusiastically; Danielle still had trouble making eye contact with me.
"So, are we going to pick up where we left off this afternoon?" Emily started.
I looked quizzical.
"We were playing 'Never Have I Ever' earlier," Oliver explained.
"I'm not doing that again," Lauren moaned. "You're all innocent little babies and I'm older and more experienced. You're going to give me alcohol poisoning."
"She's a dirty girl," Liam smirked. Lauren shot him a look, which wiped the smile off his face.
"How about just story time?" I offered. Five sets of eyes looked at me. "This isn't summer camp, and I'm too old for Truth or Dare. All six of us just tell a dirty, true story from our past. Then we pick a winner."
"So, basically, just truth or dare without the dare?" Emily said.
"Pretty much, but you can also choose which truth you're sharing," I explained. "What's the hottest thing you've ever done? Give us details."
"That's a good idea." Emily licked her lips.
"Take a few minutes to think, then we flip a coin to see who goes first?" I suggested.
We all sat back, and for the next few minutes we were all lost in thought. I sipped my Old Fashioned and thought back to my past.
Lauren leaned over to me. "Nice job picking a game where we have a decade's head start on the competition," she whispered.
"I don't care who wins," I whispered back. "I just want to hear some stories."
"I'm going to win," Lauren whispered in return. She smiled mischievously.
A few minutes later, we all were ready, so I pulled out a coin. "We should go boy-girl-boy-girl in some order," I began. "Coin flip decides which sex goes first. The sexes can decide among themselves what order we tell the stories in. Heads for boys, tails for girls. Agreed?"
There was general agreement. I flipped the coin. "Heads it is. Gentlemen?"
"I'll go first," Liam volunteered, perhaps too easily.
"Fine with me."
Oliver nodded his assent as well.
"OK, so this happened last year," Liam began. "I have a lacrosse scholarship to University of Oregon, and one day we were playing Colorado State at home the same day as the football team, so the cheerleaders came to our game first. I noticed this hottie cheerleader making eyes at me through the game, and that night I went to the football game and met up with her again after the game. We went to the bar until it closed and were making out on the dance floor, and then when the bar closed, we broke into the football stadium and I fucked her on the fifty-yard line."
We all waited for more, but nothing was forthcoming. Liam held out a high five at Oliver, who left him hanging just long enough to make it awkward before half-heartedly giving him five.
"Okay then!" Emily tried to keep things moving. "Anyone object if I go next?"
The girls nodded.
"Okay, so you know I've only had one boyfriend, but we still have a great sex life! There's so many stories I could tell you, but I'll tell you how we lost our virginity with each other." She pushed her glasses up her nose. "We'd been together for about a year, and I knew even then that Milos was the one for me, but we had to have our first time in a special way with each other. It was hard, with both of us living at home, we never got any privacy, and we were too young to get a hotel room, so we basically would go right up to sex without going all the way. I gotreallygood at blowjobs then!"
She looked around the room, making sure we were all paying attention.
"Milos knew that I wanted my first time to be special, and he was totally willing to wait until it was right, even though it's harder for boys than it is for girls to wait." I glanced over at Lauren and she rolled her eyes. "We were so close to sex, and sometimes we'd, like, rub ourselves together until we got off, but I wouldn't let him inside me.
"Anyway, one night, my parents were out of town, so I talked to my older sister, and she wassucha good sport about it. She loved Milos too! Not only did she make sure she vacated the house, but she also bought us lube and condoms. Not that I needed the lube, but I guess some girls do their first time.
"It was so romantic. We lit a bunch of candles, and we built it up for at least an hour before he penetrated me. Milos went really slow, and it didn't really hurt that much. I guess when you're so compatible with each other, it just works! I even had an orgasm my first time, and I've never met another girl who could say that.
"Obviously we've gotten a lot better at sex since the first time, and we're way better at it now than we used to be. But I'm so glad my first time was perfect, and with the man I'm going to marry."
She smiled. Emily's story might have been more sappy than erotic, but I was happy for her to have found someone that made her happy.
"I think it makes sense that Sean go next," Danielle interjected. It was the first thing she'd said since we sat down, so we all turned and paid attention. "That way we'll have someone from each pairing in the first three."
"Sure, no problem," I said. "I'm only telling this story because I'm not working at this company anymore and can't get into trouble."
"I'm... not sure I've heard this one," said Lauren, surprised.
"No one has. It was my first supervisory job. I was 27. In retrospect, I was too young and immature for the role they put me in, but I was muddling through as best as I could. I had twenty-five people working under me, and there were two new university grads, both women, that I supervised that I was pretty sure had crushes on me.
"One of them was kind of socially awkward. She would try to hug me, and I had to keep reminding her about professional conduct in the workplace. But she kept coming, and, like, when she'd hug me, it was like I couldfeelher arousal. Like she'd almost be shaking with nervousness talking to me. I also noticed that whenever we'd have a one-on-one meeting she'd take her bra off. Like I'd see her before the meeting dressed professionally, and afterwards she'd have it back on again, but she was clearly braless coming to see me. I even spoke with HR about her conduct, and they said they'd speak with her, but it was mostly for my own protection. I found it flattering as hell and I was too naïve to see why it was a terrible idea.
"The other girl was more subtle, but she just tried to spend time with me whenever she could, even outside work. At first, I thought she was just being friendly, but one night we went together to a conference and almost hooked up. I managed to prevent anything from happening, but she made it pretty clear that night by how aggressively she was flirting with me that something could happen if I wanted it.
"One night, it was our Christmas party at one of our co-worker's houses, and everyone got pretty drunk. I was flirting with both women most of the night, and because we were in no shape to drive, people were just crashing everywhere. Bay Street was more open back then, workplace hookups happened all the time, it was a more frat boy kind of atmosphere. Somehow, I wound up sharing a bed with both girls, and I figured in my drunken state that having both of them there meant that nothing would happen. But I could tell as we were lying there, cuddled up all together, that both women were turned on. I just kind of let my hands start roaming, and before I knew it, I was fingering both of them at the same time, one on each hand. We wound up having a full-on threesome."
The group was staring at me now, hanging on my every word. Lauren in particular was open-mouthed.
"You definitely never told me that story," she accused.
"I never told a soul," I agreed. "I was convinced afterwards I was getting fired for misconduct. But nothing bad happened. We went back to work, and things got better with them. It's like we got it out of our systems and that was that.
"I'm not proud of what I did then. I was in a power relationship with both women, and it wasn't appropriate, even if they were the aggressors. I never told anyone about it until now, but I don't work at that company anymore and I've lost touch with both people. It can't really come back to haunt me. It was on me then to say no, and I should have, and I regret that I didn't. But it's my only threesome, and the day still hasn't come that it's stopped turning me on thinking about it."
"I didn't know you had it in you, Corcoran," Lauren said approvingly. "Nice work."
"Thanks, I guess," I said reluctantly. "It's hot because it's a threesome, but it's also hot because it was so wrong."
"Who's next?" Oliver said, looking at the two remaining girls.
"I want to go last," Lauren said.
"I don't know if I want to go at all," Danielle said, blushing.
"You don't have to," I reassured her.
"Like fuck she doesn't," Liam insisted. "She doesn't get to hear all the stories if she's not participating."
"You can do it," Emily reassured her. "Just tell your virginity story. It's cute."
"That's not the hottest thing that's ever happened to me, though." Danielle blushed an even deeper shade of red. She was wearing a low-cut red top, and the crimson colour had spread to her torso, matching her clothes.
"What was?"
Danielle took a breath. "Today Sean and I saw Miguel and Alejandra fucking on the beach."
"What?!" exclaimed four people in unison.
"When? How? When you were on that walk?" Emily looked mildly jealous as Lauren stared at me, jaw agape.
Danielle recounted the entire story to the group, in detail, leaving out our mutual masturbation at the end but otherwise hitting every note. She was a strong storyteller, and my erection started coming back as she spoke. It was hot having the morning recounted to me, but even hotter hearing the story from her perspective, filtered by what she found hot about the experience.
"And his dick, oh my god. He's got amonster." Danielle held her hands out at least twelve inches apart. "It looked like one of those giant sausages you get at the Ohio State Fair. I didn't know they came that big. And she's sotiny.I have no idea how it fits inside her."
"I'll never be able to look at him the same way," Emily said lasciviously. "I already knew he was hot. Knowing he's got a horse cock too, oh my God." She had shifted to a legs-open position. All six of us were starting to look like we were feeling it. There were flushed faces and telltale bulges around the room.
"Sean, is she telling the truth?" Lauren demanded.
"That's the story," I responded. "It happened the way she told it."
"Is his dick actually that big?" Emily asked, tension in her voice.
"It was enormous," I said flatly.
"And they didn't see you?"
"Nope. We got away with it. We even walked back along the beach with them, and they didn't say anything."
"Damn, Miguel," Lauren said. "I never would have guessed. Too bad he's married. Maybe Alejandra will share."
"I think she wants all his sperm to herself," Emily giggled. "I'm pretty sure they're baby-making this trip."
"I'm supposed to follow that story, huh?" Oliver groaned.
"Keep it going!" Lauren exclaimed.
"OK, so this one goes back to my first year of college," Oliver began. "I was dating a girl named Madison and she lived in a traditional-style dorm room on campus, sharing a room with another girl. Madison had a crazy libido and always wanted to fuck, no matter where we were, and there were some nights that we'd come back to her room and find that her roommate was there. We'd make sure that Xinyi was asleep before getting it on, and we'd always try to be quiet, but we were still having sex fairly often in a room with another girl in it.
"So, one night I was hitting Madison from behind, and I happened to look over at Xinyi, and she was awake and staring at me. She immediately tried to pretend to be asleep, but I kept looking at her, and I caught her checking to see if I was still looking. So eventually she stopped pretending and just started watching us, and then I saw her hand moving under the covers."
"That's hot," Lauren approved.
"For the rest of the school year, whenever we'd have sex, I'd keep making eye contact with her roommate, and she'd get off watching us. I never touched her and hardly ever even spoke with her otherwise, but she'd sometimes flash me a boob or something while she fingered herself. I tried to time my orgasms with hers, and it was insanely hot being watched. And somehow Madison never noticed."
"Wow," I said breathily. My cock was starting to strain in my underwear a little, but with five sets of eyes watching me I was unable to adjust it to sit more comfortably.
"One more to go," Oliver said, turning to face Lauren. "Based on this afternoon, I'm expecting this to be good."
"Shut it," Lauren giggled. She took a breath. "I've got a couple stories Icouldtell..." she paused for effect. "But I'm going to tell the story of my first time with a girl."
"Nice," Liam approved.
"I was a camp counsellor the summer between high school and university," Lauren began. "I was in charge of a bunkhouse full of girls between 13 and 15, and it was every bit as terrible as that sounds. But the counsellors I worked with were awesome, boys and girls both, and we'd sneak out at nights sometimes after the girls were asleep to drink or smoke weed. We all should have been fired, but the idiots running the place never caught on.
"There was a girl there, Rebecca, one of the head counsellors, that was a little older still, I think she was three or four years older than I was. She was an out lesbian, spiky hair, wore masculine clothes, piercings, sort of had a Suicide Girl vibe to her. I had such a massive crush on her. I'd had boyfriends in high school, but I'd never had a chance to explore my bisexuality. And, I mean, I was fine with boys at that point, I could string a boy along with the best of them, wrap them around my little finger. But I was still a tongue-tied flustered mess trying to talk to a girl I liked."
"I can't picture thatat all," I interjected.
"I got better at it with experience. But yeah, so one night we were hanging out around a campfire at like two o'clock in the morning, it was one of those hot summer nights where the air just sits oppressively on you like a weight. All the rest of the girls had gone to bed, it was just me and Rebecca finishing off the bottle of rum we'd acquired, and we were so hot that she suggested skinny-dipping. Of course, I was going to say yes. So, we headed for the lake and stripped nude, I can still picture her tiny body, she had these cute little tits with both nipples pierced. I'd never seen that before. We swam for a bit, and I was flustered. I was so turned on."
As Lauren spoke, I noticed that even though the room was collectively hanging off her every word, Lauren was telling the story directly at Emily. She had her eyes locked on, like she was trying to inject her story into the darkest parts of Emily's psyche. Emily, for her part, was staring back, entranced, mouth open, seemingly unable to move.
"We were trying to keep the noise down, just swimming, when Rebecca came up and embraced me and started kissing me. We made out in the water for a few minutes, but that lake was still cold in the middle of summer, so we got out and dried off. I was still so flustered that I tried to go back to my cabin, but she just took me by the hand and led me to a quiet spot in the woods, sat me down on my towel, and went to town on me. I needed someone to teach me how to make love to a woman, and she taught me everything I needed to know in one night. I still use some of the tricks I picked up from her when I fuck girls." She smiled evilly, and finally broke her gaze with Emily, who sat there, looking for all the world like her mind had just exploded.
"Um... teach me her tricks too," Liam stammered.
"I can't, darling, you don't have a vagina that I show you on." She winked.
The room fell silent. I looked around, seeing signs of arousal in all five people. Both the boys were sitting in slightly awkward positions that I thought were designed to hide erections, while the two girls on the bed were both sitting in unladylike open-legged positions. Only Lauren seemed nonchalant, but her dilated pupils and her smirk gave her away.
"Another game?" I suggested.
"Who won this one?" Liam pointed out.
"We all won." Lauren mimicked jerking off an invisible dick, to laughter.
"We can't do the same again," Danielle pointed out. "If these were the hottest stories we have to share, then no one wants to hear the second-hottest."
"True," Emily agreed. "Anyone know any other hot games?"
"How about Last Time You?" I suggested.
"What's that?" Oliver asked.
"Basically, we each pick a sexual thing, and then we all have to reveal when the last time was that we did that thing," I explained. "So, if the category is last time you had sex, for example, we all have to say when it was, and then whoever had sex most recently then has to take a drink."
"My drink's empty" Danielle said. Liam, Lauren and Oliver all held up empty glasses as well.
"Oooh! How about Strip Last Time You!," Lauren yelped. Liam and Oliver both cheered. "The boys are in. Sean?"
"I'm down."
"Ladies?"
"Sure, why not," Danielle said at last. Emily still appeared overloaded a little bit, but she nodded.
"We've got to get even for clothing," Lauren continued. "Boys, you're all wearing tops, bottoms and underwear?"
I nodded, and Liam and Oliver did likewise.
"I've got the same three things on as well, this halter top has enough support that I can wear it without a bra. Ladies?"
"I've got four things on," Emily stammered. "Top, shorts, bra and panties."
"Me too," Danielle added.
"Will we allow these lovely ladies a little handicap?" Lauren had completely taken charge of the room. "I'll take everyone's silence as affirmative. And one more rule, anything you say has to be possible for both sexes. No last time you were on your period, or last time you had a boner."
"Agreed," said Liam. The rest of the room nodded.
"So, I guess the obvious one first, last time you had sex?" I began.
"This isn't fair to those of us with boyfriends," Danielle pouted.
"Six months ago, in Vancouver," Lauren lied.
"Wait, what?" Danielle was confused. "I thought you said you just got out of a relationship."
"It was long distance," Lauren explained. "I've had Skype sex since then, but not the real thing."
"About seven months ago," I added, changing the subject so she wouldn't have to explain further. I caught Lauren's eye - we wordlessly nodded at each other about keeping our previous night's tryst quiet.
"Two weeks ago," Liam said. "It was a random hookup."
"I've got a friend with benefits," Oliver said. "I last saw her about a week ago."
Emily and Danielle turned to face each other. "I knew it would come down to us," Emily said. "We need to say at the same time so there's no cheating."
"I'll count you down," I offered. "1, 2, 3!"
"The night before we left!" Danielle shouted.
"The morning we left!" Emily shouted at the same time.
"You did it that morning?" Danielle said incredulously. "We were at the airport by 6 AM!"
Emily blushed. "Milos asked me to wake up him to say goodbye." She quickly peeled off her top, as if getting it over with. Her tiny tits were covered by a light grey cotton casual bra that left everything to the imagination, not allowing much in the way of a visual.
"Shall we say that the person to strip makes the next suggestion?" Lauren asked.
"Good idea!" Emily said. "That way you know you shouldn't have to strip twice in a row. I'll say last time you masturbated. For me it was at least a couple weeks ago, and I'm sure that's not the most recent. I've had a lot of sex lately."
Danielle turned a shade of red somewhere between tomato and fire engine. I looked at her, trying to catch her eye. I wasn't thrilled with the idea of lying two questions in a row while playing a game based on truthfulness and the honour system, but I also wasn't going to give our secret away when she'd specifically asked me not to.
"For me it was the first night of the cruise," I said. "I did it in the shower."
"I did it while you were in the shower that night too!" Lauren exclaimed knowingly.
"You should have done it together!" Liam offered. Lauren punched him in the arm. "Ow!"
Danielle looked up at me, meanwhile, silently saying thanks with her eyes.
"Why is Danielle blushing so much?" Oliver noticed. "You think you're going to lose?"
"I did it an hour ago," Danielle said quietly.
"What?!" Emily was shocked. "When? We've been together all day since getting back on board!"
"You went up to the Lido to get a snack..." Danielle mumbled, mortified.
"I was only gone five minutes!" Emily exclaimed.
"Five minutes was all I needed." She paused. ""It was hot watching Miguel and Alejandra. Everyone needs to stop staring at me. I know I lost this round, boys. Make it official."
"I did it the night before we left," Liam said.
"I did it in the shower yesterday morning," Oliver added.
"Dude, seriously? I shower in there too." Liam was grossed out.
"Grow up, man. These girls wound me up on the dance floor." Oliver shifted.
Danielle sighed, and stripped her red top off. She was wearing a black plunge bra underneath, feminine, well-fitting, and also not particularly revealing.
"This works, now we're all even anyway," Oliver observed. "Danielle, your pick."
"I'm going to go with last time you watched porn, because I don't really watch it," Danielle said. "I haven't seen it for a couple of years at least."
I thought back. "I don't remember exactly, but probably the day before the day before we left."
"Same," Oliver and Lauren said at the same time.
"The night right before leaving," Liam said, dejected. "Emily probably doesn't watch it either."
It was Emily's turn to blush. "Two weeks ago."
"Really? I didn't know that about you." Danielle exclaimed. "No judgment, though."
Liam pulled his top off, to general approval from the ladies in the room. I noticed he'd gotten sunburned on the beach, but his washboard stomach suddenly made me slightly self-conscious about my skinny physique.
"OK, if it's my turn to pick, I'm hoping to see one of the girls lose something..."
Lauren sighed.
"...So, I'm going to say last same-sex sexual experience." He smiled a Cheshire cat smile at Lauren. "I've never had one."
"Never," I said.
"Never," Emily said.
"Never," Danielle said.
"Six months ago," Lauren said, already standing to pull her leggings down.
"In high school," Oliver said.
Liam stared. "What the fuck, bro?"
Oliver shrugged. "Stuff happens at sleepovers sometimes. I'm not saying more than that."
Lauren high-fived him. "Good on you, man. Too many guys are prudes about that sort of thing."
Liam shook his head as Lauren rolled her leggings off. She had a black thong underneath, and did a twirl, showing off her butt to the room, lingering for a moment towards the girls on the bed before sitting again.
Lauren turned towards Emily. "My turn. I pick 'last time you performed oral sex on someone.'"
"That's not fair," Emily said. "You know I'm the last person in the room to have had full-on sex."
"That doesn't mean you blew Milos last time you fucked him," Lauren pointed out.
"Yeah, but I did," Emily said. "I lost this round, right? Anyone else want to chime in?"
We sat silently.
Emily grunted in annoyance, then reached behind her back, unclasped her bra, and carefully lowered it while cupping her breasts with her hands. "No one's getting a show until I lose again, because that's cheating."
"New rule," I spoke up. "Twice is enough. No one else can use Emily's being the most recent of us to have sex against her on purpose, though if it comes up unexpectedly it still counts."
"Thanks, Sean." She smiled at me, then looked around the room. "The boys are way ahead of the girls on this one, so I'm going to try and catch up. Last wet dream."
"Do you mean cumming in your sleep, or just waking up turned on?" Lauren asked.
"Cumming. I've woken up really wet from a sex dream, but I've never had an orgasm in my sleep," Emily shared.
"I was a teenager. It's been a while," I said.
"Same for me," Danielle said. Emily turned to face her, surprised. "Wait, girls can have them?"
"Sure can," Lauren jumped in. "I get maybe one every couple of months or so. Last time was around a month ago? I wasn't keeping track."
"Now I feel like I'm missing out," Emily said, suddenly jealous.
"Wait, you weren't supposed to pick something that you thought wasn't possible for both sexes," I said. "That's also cheating."
"Well, apparently it is possible for both, so shush." Emily giggled.
"I've never had one either," Liam said.
"I have," Oliver piped up. "And I suspect I've lost. I don't remember exactly either, but it was around the time I had sex last week." He stood and made a show of slowly stripping his top off, sensually, to hooting and cheering from the girls.
"No wonder Sean picked this game," Emily observed. "He's the only one still fully-clothed."
I shrugged. "So, pick something I've done recently."
"It's my turn anyway," Oliver interrupted. "Going with the theme of your tablemates getting it on at the beach today, last time you had sex in a public or semi-public place. I've never done that."
"Your girlfriend's dorm doesn't count?" asked Emily.
"It was a private place with three people in it," Oliver argued.
"Fair enough. I never have either." Emily smiled and jiggled her boobs for emphasis.
"Does camping count?" Danielle asked.
"In a tent?" Oliver asked back.
"Yeah, but there were people around."
"I'll rule no."
"Then I never have either." Danielle looked relieved.
"I did it in a national park with my last girlfriend," I offered. "Shortly before we broke up. We peeled off a hiking trail and did it behind a rock."
"Nice one," Liam went in for the high five. "I did it on a boat in the middle of a lake with my ex-girlfriend, but that was a year ago last summer."
"I think the most recent time I did it was a year ago last summer too," Lauren said. "Alley behind a bar at 2 AM. I regret nothing."
"I guess it's me then." I stood and removed my t-shirt, trying to go slowly and sensually like Oliver, but mostly feeling silly about it. The girls cheered nonetheless.
"So, for my pick, last time you used a sex toy," I continued.
"That's cheating," Emily pouted. "Boys don't use sex toys."
"Fleshlights are a thing that exists," I pointed out.
"Do you have one?" she asked.
"No."
"Like I said, boys don't use sex toys." She made a face.
"My vibrator died earlier this week," Lauren volunteered. "It's probably been four or five days."
"I've never used one," Liam said.
"Me neither," Oliver added.
"It was whenever the last time I masturbated was," Emily volunteered. "Like two weeks ago."
"Andre likes fucking me from behind while I use my vibrator on my clit," Danielle said. "So, when we had sex the night before the cruise was the last time I used mine."
Danielle stood up and unbuttoned her shorts, then shimmied out of them. She had matching low-rider black panties on, and she crossed her legs carefully when she sat back down on the bed, preventing any possible view between her legs.
"It's kind of cool this has sort of become girls versus boys, in spite of the rule," she said. "So, I'm going to be unfair and say last time you went to a strip club. I never have."
"Neither have I," Emily quickly added.
"I have," Lauren said, "but it's been over a year."
"I don't like strip clubs," I jumped in. "I think the last time I went to one was for Tim Flannery's bachelor party. It was around two years ago."
"Um..." Liam and Oliver looked at each other. "We're in a tie. We went to one together last month with the lacrosse team."
"You both lose!" Lauren cackled. "Pants off, both of you!"
"That's not fair," Oliver argued. "We should flip a coin."
"No way!" Emily yelped.
"You're one to talk about fair," Liam shot back at her.
"We can resolve this," Lauren piped up.
"How?" came three voices at once.
"Liam and Oliver lost this round, so they should both lose something. Fair's fair." The other two girls both nodded emphatically. "But Emily lost a round a while back, and she's not really upholding the spirit of the competition here." Lauren gestured to Emily's hands still protectively covering her tits.
"I think we'd accept that deal," Oliver offered as Liam nodded.
Emily sighed. "Fine. Happy?" She spread her arms, revealing her breasts to the room. They looked like small B-cups to me, perky and topped by small, dark brown and erect nipples that pointed straight out.
"Those are gorgeous," Lauren cooed.
"They're too small," Emily mumbled. "But thanks anyway."
With that done, Liam and Oliver both pulled their trousers off. Liam did it quickly, then sat down again, folding his arms over his lap to cover up the bulge of his erection. Oliver, again, treated it like an opportunity, dancing around the room sensually and performing a strip show individually for each of the three girls, inviting each of them to smack his ass. When he finally sat again, his erection was obvious, making a pointy bulge poking straight at the ceiling. I caught Lauren and Emily both licking their lips as they stared in admiration.
"We get to decide the next one together," Oliver said, then turned and whispered to his friend, then faced us having decided. "Speaking of ties..."
"Last time you saw any member of the opposite sex fully naked." Liam finished.
Danielle exchanged a glance with me. "I guess that's us, unless anyone's beaten us since this morning?"
"Sean did," Lauren pointed out.
Danielle looked at me quizzically.
"Lauren changed in front of me," I said. "Not my fault."
That's great news. Thanks for saving me from losing, Sean!" Danielle mimed pulling her pants down at me.
I stood and unzipped my jeans, dropping them to the floor. I wasn't fully erect, but there was definitely a serious bulge in my boxer briefs, and as I re-adjusted my package, I noticed a little wet spot from precum. All three girls had a good look, but Danielle in particular seemed to have difficulty looking away.
"OK, here's another one that I know will save my own modesty," I offered. "Never have I ever had anal sex, so there's no last time."
"Same."
"Same."
"Same."
"Same."
Lauren sighed. "Anal's not my thing, but yeah, I've tried it." She pulled her top off in one smooth motion, letting the halter carry her breasts up before gravity took over.
I'd seen Lauren's breasts before, so I watched Emily's reaction to the reveal instead. She went wide-eyed as soon as Lauren's top went off, then started subconsciously playing with her hair and biting her lower lip as she stared. Danielle, by comparison, checked Lauren out and then caught my eye, smiling at me. Lauren's nipples were fully erect, and the telltale flush was present on her chest.
"If I pick 'last time you received oral sex, are you going to lose again?" Lauren asked Emily.
Emily blushed. "Yes, I will."
"Then I pick that, unless you're going to throw a fit about it again." Lauren winked.
Emily sighed. "Fine. Whatever."
She unbuttoned the fly of her shorts and dropped them, revealing blue cotton panties with little pink hearts on them. As she shifted herself into a comfortable position, I noticed a wet spot in her panties, easily the size of a billiard ball in diameter.
Everyone in the room was down to underwear, apart from Danielle still being in her bra and panties. The next round would probably mean someone would be fully naked. The sexual tension in the room was palpable. I was excited, but as I looked over at the couch I noticed Liam staring hungrily at Lauren's tits. The look on his face was aggressive, predatory even, and for the first time I felt a certain sense of discomfort. Between his eyes and the bulge in his underwear I could suddenly relate to why women didn't like to be alone in nightclubs.
I exchanged a look with Emily, who also seemed to have suddenly grown uncomfortable too as she covered her breasts with her arms again.
"It's almost time to leave for dinner anyway, so we should probably stop soon," she volunteered nervously.
"I don't want to stop yet. No one's naked," Liam pouted.
"You're welcome to drop those underpants and be the first," Lauren shrugged. "I'm hungry too."
"Same," Danielle agreed.
"You know you girls are major cockteases, right?" Liam suddenly seemed annoyed.
"Dude, it's okay," Oliver reassured.
The air suddenly seemed like it had been sucked out of the room. Liam waited to see if anyone else was interested in continuing, surveying the room in expectation. Five sets of eyes bored into him.
"Pick something, Emily," he ordered.
Emily suddenly seemed reluctant. "I can't think of anything," she finally said quietly.
"Are we still playing?"
"I think I'm ready to stop," Danielle mumbled.
"Whatever."
Liam gathered his clothes, dressing quickly and then storming out. Oliver apologized and followed.
I turned back to the three scantily-dressed women in my room. "Liam's a bit of a douche, eh?"
"That's why I wanted to stop," Emily said, dropping her hands and exposing herself again. "I'd have had no problem continuing with the four of you, and with Oliver. But I didn't want Liam to see my cooch."
"I'm with you there," Lauren said. "Can I see it?"
Emily blushed profoundly.
"I'm so glad I didn't sleep with him on night one," Danielle added, coming to her friend's rescue. "For that and other reasons."
"Oliver's really nice," Emily continued, grateful for the subject change. "If I didn't have a boyfriend... he's gorgeous. Did you see that bulge? He was packing."
Lauren nodded in agreement. "He might just be able to tempt me away from my 'no boys under 25' rule if he keeps this up."
"Are we done with the game?" I asked rhetorically. Being the only guy in a room full of horny women in their underwear seemed quite appealing.
"I think so, unless you want the three of us ganging up on you," Lauren winked.
"I can think of worse things."
I wasn't sure how to proceed, but Danielle had already pulled her shorts back on, so that ultimately was my answer. The rest of us quickly dressed and went down to dinner as a foursome. The food was decent again, Alejandra kept up a steady stream of mindless small talk, and unresolved sexual tension hung over our end of the table like a lead weight.
After eating, Liam texted the girls saying they would be going to the club that night and he hoped to see them there, which meant that was the last place they wanted to go. Emily and Lauren decided they wanted a late-night soak in the hot tub, so we split up, with Danielle and I making our way down to the ship's comedy club.
All cruise ships employ stand-up comics for late-night entertainment, and so we went down to the lounge a few minutes before showtime.We were surprised to find it full, but eventually we found a small spot to sit together on a couch. Danielle leaned into me as I put my arm around her.
"We've had so much sexual tension these past few days and I'm kind of feeling over it for now. Can we just watch the show and snuggle a little?"
"Of course we can," I responded. "There's probably danger in overdoing it."
"I don't want to talk about anything that's happened the last couple of days," Danielle agreed. "At least not yet. My brain is completely overloaded, and I just want time to process it all."
"You've never done anything like any of this, right?" I asked.
"Never," she agreed. "I'm okay, I just... I need a little time, and after two orgasms today I feel like my brain's back in charge of my decision-making."
I squeezed her tightly, and she leaned her head on my shoulder, burrowing in and sighing with pleasure.
We cuddled in together and watched the show. The stand-up was funny without being brilliant - obviously the best of the best don't tend to work the cruise ship circuit, but we still enjoyed the set. We stayed for the second comic's late show as well, barely talking to each other, just enjoying physical closeness.
It was after midnight as we made our way back to the cabins, stopping on the seventh deck at the stairs.
"Are you ready to call it a night?" I asked.
"Not yet." She paused. "I was wondering if you'd like to sit out on your balcony? Our cabin is so dreary with no natural light, and it's such a warm night. I'd love to sit somewhere private with you and watch the ocean and the stars."
"That sounds lovely. Let me see if Lauren's still up."
I texted her, and there was no response. I turned to Danielle. "We'll just have to be quiet going into our cabin in case she's asleep. But sure, let's do it."
A few moments later we reached our door. I gently swiped my keycard then slowly opened the door.
A table lamp was on, illuminating the room in low, soft light. As Danielle and I stepped into the room, she suddenly breathed in sharply, covering her mouth with her hands.
Lauren and Emily were lying together on top of the bed, both nude, and both fast asleep. Emily was lying spread-eagled on her back, with Lauren curled into her, head on her shoulder, gently rising up and down with Emily's breathing.
Danielle turned to me, a look of panic in her eyes. I motioned with my head back to the door, and she nodded wordlessly, turning and quickly making her way to the door. She opened it as slowly and quietly as she could, and we made a retreat into the hall, silently shutting the door behind us.
"Oh my God. Oh my God." Danielle started hyperventilating. "I did not need to see that. I did not need to know that happened. I don't want that secret on my conscience." I tried hugging her, but she wriggled away. "I need to go downstairs and go to sleep. This broke my brain. I need to think. I'm sorry, Sean. It's not you. Thank you for a lovely evening. We'll talk about this tomorrow."
"I'm going to go see if I can wake Lauren up without waking Emily," I suggested. "I'll try to get Emily out of my room without her knowing I've seen her. Then neither of us has to act like we know anything happened."
"That's a good idea," Danielle stammered. "This isn't anything like the Emily I know. Her and Milos are so happy together. I'm going to have to pretend for the rest of my life that I don't know what she just did."
"I'll let you know tomorrow how it goes getting Emily out."
"Thanks, Sean. I appreciate you're at least trying to preserve her relationship." Danielle quickly kissed me on the lips. "Good night. Good luck."
She turned and walked back to the stairs as I turned back to face the door.Here goes nothing, I thought.
I removed my shoes in the hall, and then re-entered the room as silently as I could manage. Both women were still asleep and breathing deeply. I stood surveying the scene for a moment, thinking about how best to proceed. I took a brief moment to admire Emily's naked form. Her tiny tits had recent bite marks on them, and her spread legs revealed a freshly-waxed vulva with inner labia that were red and swollen, her clit still peeking out, easily visible under its hood. Moisture still coated her intimate area, glistening in the soft light. Her inner thighs appeared to have fingernail scratches on them as well.
I knelt down beside the bed and gently touched Lauren's back.
"Lauren?" I whispered.
She stirred groggily, deeply breathing in, and rolling over to see me. "Oh, shit," she mumbled.
"You've gotta get her out of here," I whispered.
Lauren nodded. "Leave the room and go down the hall. I'll wake her once you're gone."
"Who's that you're talking to?" Emily mumbled sleepily.
Lauren flashed the whites of her eyes at me.Move!I considered bolting, but Emily was already rolling into Lauren, so instead I dropped, flattening myself to the floor of the cabin.Shit, I thought.What now?I looked to my left and noticed the gap under the bed where we'd stuffed our suitcases.Of course, I thought, and shimmied underneath. I hadn't been under a bed since I was a kid, but ship's beds were designed with enough room for suitcase storage underneath, so my skinny frame fit almost comfortably under where Lauren was lying.
"I may have been talking in my sleep," Lauren lied. "It's after midnight. You should get back to your cabin before Danielle gets back."
"She'll be with Sean for a while yet," Emily said. "She's crazy about him. I've never seen her acting this boy-crazy. Her and Andre have really drifted apart in the past couple of years. A vacation fling could do her some good. I don't think they've done anything together, and I don't think she's going to. But she'll still want to spend as much time with him as she can. She can't stop talking about him."
"I don't think they've hooked up either," Lauren agreed. "Sean would have told me if they did."
"Danielle would have told me, too," Emily agreed. "I can't leave yet, either."
"Why not?"
"Because I didn't return the favour." I heard movement directly overhead.
"It's okay," Lauren reassured her. "It was your first time with a girl. I was expecting you to be a pillow princess."
Emily giggled. "What does that mean?"
"It means a girl who's fine with receiving pleasure from a girl but doesn't want to give it in return, because giving it back is gay or something," Lauren explained. "You can return the favour another night. Sean might be back soon."
"He won't be," Emily asserted.
"How do you know?"
"Because he's not coming back until you've cum." I heard Lauren grunt softly.
"Seriously, that's enough." Lauren's voice was sharper.
"Your words are saying no, but your body's saying yes..." Emily observed. "You're sooooooo wet."
Lauren moaned a little louder.
"You made me cum like seven times," Emily continued. "I was so overwhelmed that all I could think about was how good you were making me feel. But now that I've come down a little, I need you to let me do it for you this once, so I don't feel guilty about being a pillow princess."
I heard Lauren's resistance starting to melt as my own erection started coming back. I tested the space in which I was lying, and discovered I had just enough room to jerk off without knocking the bed directly over my head, so I very slowly and quietly lowered my fly and started gently stroking.
"Are you going to make me beg again?" Emily asked.
"Ugh... how is this your first time when you're this good at that?" Lauren moaned.
"I'm just touching you the way I do it to myself," Emily answered. "Let me know if you want anything different."
"Touch my breasts too..."
The bed started to rock gently over my head as I started touching myself with more intensity. Lauren moaned softly with every breath, and I started hearing wet noises from overhead.
"Do you know how much it turned me on making you cum seven times, slut?" asked Lauren. She'd finally given up resisting.
Emily giggled. "That's a new record for me. You knew my body better than I know it."
"Women are like spaghetti," Lauren added. "They're all straight until they get wet."
I stifled a laugh under the bed as Emily giggled.
"Put you fingers inside me now... no, your other hand... yeah, rub my clit too... fuck me. Harder!" Lauren was out of control now as I started stroking faster.
"Can I eat your pussy?" Emily asked.
"...Okay," Lauren breathed.
I heard movement overhead, and then suddenly Emily was on the floor as Lauren's legs dangled over the edge of the bed. From where I lay, I had a perfect view of Emily from the waist down. She was on her knees, and I could see directly between Emily's legs as she looked at Lauren's pussy right over my head. All I could see of Lauren were her feet, dangling on the floor near my head.
"You need to tell me what to do," Emily said, slightly nervous, but still enthusiastic.
"You know where to lick," Lauren said. "I'll guide you if I want you somewhere else, or more or less pressure."
I heard the start of wet slurping noises directly overhead. I turned my head and stared at Emily's vulva, a few feet away, as I stroked myself. She really did have a gorgeous pussy, neat and compact, now just a simple slit protected by her outer lips apart from the bulge of her clitoral hood. One of Emily's hands appeared busy with Lauren, but the other was stroking her inner thighs gently.
"Am I any good?" Emily asked.
"Don't fucking stop!" Lauren yelped.
Emily's free hand finally found her slit, gently rubbing it up and down and testing her clit's sensitivity with her middle finger, then touching it in rhythm. I locked eyes on her vagina, picking up my stroking as my cock demanded more attention.
The intensity of the wet sounds and Lauren's moans directly over my head picked up. She was softly moaning Emily's name and occasionally whispering instructions to her pupil.
"If you go under my hood and lick my clit directly, you'll make me fucking cum."
It took about thirty seconds, but Lauren suddenly moaned loudly, and I felt the bed rock and shake overhead as her voice grunted her pleasure. I lost control at the same moment, pulling up my shirt and quietly jizzing all over my chest, holding my breath to keep quiet.
Emily stopped rubbing herself, and then hoisted herself back onto the bed.
"Fucking hell, you're good at that." I heard kissing noises and Emily giggling. "Where did you learn to eat pussy like that?"
"You know it was my first time."
"Never seen lesbian porn?" Lauren went in for the kill.
"Um..." Emily giggled again, nervously. "Maybe a few times."
"You obviously were paying attention. You're a natural."
"Thanks," Emily said. "This was so much fun, but I probably should leave now. I don't want Danielle getting suspicious."
"You'd better. Nothing personal."
"We should do this again before the end of the cruise," Emily suggested.
"You know I'm down if you are."
I felt movement as I put my deflated cock back in my underwear, then I saw Emily's bare feet on the floor beside me, then the legs stepped into her panties and shorts as she quickly and wordlessly dressed. "Good night, lover," she said, and leaned over the bed, kissing Lauren one last time, then headed for the door.
As soon as the door was shut, Lauren's voice came from overhead. "Not one fucking word, Corcoran."
"Same goes."
"What?"
I sheepishly edged my way out from under the bed, and Lauren looked at me quizzically over the edge before seeing the pool of semen on my chest. "Oh, for fuck's sake."
"You two were hot." I blushed.
"I'll grab you a tissue." She rolled her eyes and got up, walking to the bathroom.
When she returned, I cleaned myself up still lying on the floor, staring up at Lauren's pussy towering overhead. "Not a bad view from down here."
"Could you see Emily's cunt when she was eating me out?" Lauren asked.
"Yep."
"That's so fucking hot. No wonder you couldn't hold it." She smiled, then gently touched her vulva. "My pussy's been a bad girl, but at least she's finally getting what she needs."
I finished cleaning up, then quickly stripped nude and climbed into bed. Lauren rolled into me again, snuggling in. "This is night three we've gone to bed in the whole postcoital embrace thing. At this point it's a streak. Gotta keep the run going all cruise long." She kissed me on the cheek.
"Are you going to regret what you did to that poor girl tonight?" I asked her. "Don't get me wrong, watching you pick up chicks is like watching Picasso paint. But Emily had no idea what hit her. You lined her up, baited the hook, and reeled her in in two days flat. I'm sure you made her feel things she had no idea it was even possible to feel. But now she has to live with what she just did."
"It wasn't my job to make sure Emily stayed faithful to her man any more than it is for you to make sure Danielle does," Lauren responded, defensively. "My gaydar's never wrong. And a bi chick can't get married to a guy without fucking a girl at least once. It's in the Bible."
I laughed. "We're setting ourselves up for drama later this cruise. I don't know if I want to put Danielle through that."
"You're a better person than I am." Lauren killed the light. "Good night, Sean."
"Good night, Lauren."
"I love you."
"I love you, too."
I thought ahead to tomorrow as I drifted off to sleep - another port of call in Grand Turk. We had an excursion booked, which would at least keep us away from our new friends for the day. The ship was making full steam to get to Grand Turk by mid-morning, and the motion of the ocean knocked me out easily within a few minutes.