-THIS STORY IS A WORK OF FICTION, TOLD IN A BLOG FORMAT -
Back in Part 1: An unemployed woman who has been a closet exhibitionist for years takes advantage of the covid19 lockdown in her country (not specified where, for easier reader immersion) by going outside completely naked wearing only a mask, trying (but not too much) to avoid being seen.
- Continued from Part 1 -
2:22 AM: I love and miss this feeling so much. I'm walking along the dark alleyway behind my apartment now, on the way to the minimart. I don't have anything on me besides my mask and phone, which I obviously have to carry with me. I've even avoided wearing shoes too because, well, I wanted to really soak it in. Besides, I couldn't run if I wanted or needed to.
As I walked past the parking lot, I caught sight of myself in the convex mirror. There I was in all my glory; completely butt-naked, without a thread. It made me chuckle a little, the sight of my oafish unclad self walking by in this public setting; my comically big tits bouncing along like nothing were wrong. Only the mask to cover my identity, which I kindly doubt will be an issue since I've been a shut-in for so long to begin with, barely anyone noticed such an unremarkable girl like me. I usually wear baggy clothes on the rare times I do step out, so I hope no one will recognize my chubby body that I hate so much.
I feel so vulnerable... Cold and alone, like my life. But this time in a good, comforting way. I guess part of me doing this is to gain some gratification for my body; the look on people's faces when they hide their lust for my flesh... Gazes suddenly become very different when you're ass-naked.
2:23 AM: I'm standing here at the traffic light, just before the pathway to the minimart. To be honest, I'm not sure what I'm waiting for. There's no cars around, yet. It's just a force of habit, I guess. I know I'm losing time and increasing the chance I'll be seen by just standing here, but part of me wants to be seen. I'm not sure what I intend to accomplish now. If I'm this scared, why am I even headed to the minimart at all? I steel myself to walk on ahead. No point being a coward now. I hear a car pass by behind me as I reach the other side; I'm not sure if they saw me..
2:32 AM: It's quite a long walk that I deliberately took, to increase the thrill factor. So far, the only people I've spotted are a couple seated on a bench way ahead at the playground just around the corner. They're so far ahead that I don't feel I have to worry about them. In any case, they're probably getting busy themselves; doubt they'll notice a naked girl in the distance.
Before long, I'm at the entrance to the minimart. The white light greets my naked body with a strange warmth, as though it embraces my skin in the cool weather. I check and see if there's anyone inside along the aisles, just in case there's anyone looking too dangerous. I just want to have fun being naked! I'd hate to be molested by a drunk hobo or harassed by a gangbanger, even though I'm kinda asking for it with my outfit - or lack thereof.
2:34 AM: After about two minutes of hanging about outside preparing mentally, I ascertain there's no one inside the mart except the cashier lady. She's a blonde migrant European woman in her 40's who is usually quite surly to me as is; I can't wait to see her reaction to a naked woman walking around her minimart. Enough faffing about, it's time to get this show started. I hold my breath as I present myself before the sliding doors as they slide open to greet me.
As I walk upon the cold laminate floor on bare feet, I feel like a naked ambassador as the a/c blows gently warm air on my nude skin. My nipples experience a slight tingle as they do. The entrance buzzer sounds, but the surly cashier lady is nowhere to be seen at the counter, which for a second seems like I'm entering a twilight zone. Is this all a dream after all? God, I'd hate for it to be.
I don't have to wait too long to know it was as real as it got, though; the cashier lady just popped out from the break room. It smells like she was smoking something, and I can detect the faint chinese-herby odour of ganja. It's quite obvious she'd been getting baked in the backroom. As she steps out she seems rather surprised at first, but she doesn't exclaim anything or yell at me. Her bloodshot eyes are trying to focus on me trying to make sense of the scene before her. Her eyes do not leave me as I slowly make my way ever forward.
What a cut of luck - the cashier is too high to even give a damn. She was keeping a close eye on me, though. And quite an evil eye at that. I try not to pay her too much heed and walk about the front section pretending to look at the candy.
"No shoplift!", the lady shouted at me in her whatever-it-was accent. I returned to her a look of utter disbelief. Where the hell was I supposed to hide anything? But I didn't want to argue with a high, unpredictable woman, lest she reports my ass to the police. Though I kindly doubt it since she would be in far deeper shit than me for smoking weed at work. So we have a sort of agreement.
2:35 AM: In what seems like the longest minute of my life, I decided to bring this up a notch and actually attempt to buy something. One, to placate the baked cashier lady and Two, to add a challenge for my "mission". So I grab a tube of lubricant from the condom rack and proceed to inch closer to the counter; the entire time the lady is giving me a glare so intense I almost feel violated by it.
Then, as my luck would have it, the sliding doors open just as I'm standing there butt-naked for all the world to see at the counter - and a man steps in. He sees me and stumbles in his steps, trying to make sense of me being nude before him.
Oh god, I feel like dying right there.
"Are you alright?", he asks. I'm too embarrassed to answer and just look away, hoping to god my mask is large enough to hide my identity if I need to make a run for it. What can I say in that situation? I'm obviously a pervert here, I definitely am not a victim.
All the thoughts of him calling the police on me and being arrested totally naked, spending the night at the jailhouse nude on the cold concrete cell floors flash before my brain in an instant. And yet, I couldn't help but be completely aroused at being so exposed and vulnerable at the mercy of these two people. Before I can break down and fall to my knees, all of a sudden -
"You Sir, what do you want?", the cashier blurts at him. He turns to her, still utterly confused, as I am too.
"You come here, you want something? Yes sir?", she asks him again.
"Uh... Salem menthol, please.", the man requests.
I can only stand behind the red tape looking at the two of them in total confusion. The man is as confused as me if not more so, but the lady seems completely unbothered. Whether she was aware or not, she had just saved my bare ass. As he picks up his pack of cigarettes and leaves as fast as he can, I make my way to the cashier.
Out of nowhere, the cashier lady starts laughing. "Bahaha... That was funny! You like? Sir sees you naked girl like car going to crash into him!". I can't help but chuckle a bit as she gestures to pass her the lubricant for scanning. "It's Ok, girl, I was young too, I done before what you are doing now.", she tells me.
I can't believe my lucky stars that on this night when I should by all rights be done in by now, the surly cashier lady I know has rescued me from certain ruin.
"You have payment, yes? Ahahahaha.", she quips. I chuckle a bit more as I hold up my phone to the scanner. "Good, if you have no payment I have to call police. But I cannot call them cos' I have weed!", she laughs.
I start to relax a great bit, my hands no longer trying to cover my body sheepishly the more we talk. For a moment, I forget that I am completely nude and I engage her in pleasant conversation. She asks me what the lubricant is for and if I'm planning to have sex later on in my walk, to which I tell her I'm not sure about.
She also told me that she's seen a lot weirder shit on her shifts than a naked girl, so she wasn't that surprised when I came in. She apologized for staring at me earlier, explaining that she thought she was seeing things cos' of the weed, and that she thought I had a very sexy and voluptuous body.
I was taken aback that someone would find me sexy at all, much less this lady of all people. I do admit I was very, very turned on by that compliment. Especially being in my naked state. I felt like a Renaissance work of art, being admired like a nude goddess. I could feel my pussy getting wetter by the minute and couldn't help smiling widely behind my mask.
She wasn't upset at me since she used to do the same sort of thing when she was younger - albeit she said she wasn't as daring as I am - and understood the thrill and excitement of being naked in public.
Never would I have expected to find a kindred spirit in the foreign cashier woman who never said a word to me before, when I came (clothed) to buy my red bulls.
She tells me to be safe and that I was smart for doing this during the lockdown period, with little to no one around. Before I leave, she gives me a light tickle on my left nipple while chuckling, before wishing me luck and returning to the backroom.
I could almost get used to this.
3:03 AM: I step out onto the street as I hold the lubricant in my hand, thinking what I could get up to with it...
Continued in Part 3...