It's 7am, I'm sitting on the train drinking my coffee when he gets on. It's been about six weeks since we started sharing the same commute and it's become the best part of my day. We've never spoken but there's definitely sparks. We mostly just look at each other, I can tell there is an attraction between us but neither of us has ever made a move. I can't help but stare when he sits opposite me, he has the most beautiful blue eyes I've ever seen in my life.
An elderly lady gets on the train and all the seats are taken, he gets up to let her sit and stands near me. We still don't talk but he keeps looking at me. The man next to me gets off at the next stop, he looks at the seat then at me. Waiting for me to say something. I don't speak, I just slightly nod. He sits next to me and I smell his cologne. It makes my underwear wet but my face doesn't betray me. We sit in silence for the rest of the journey, just glancing at each other out of the corners of our eyes.
Five stops later he's about to get off the train but his fingertips graze my thigh as he stands. I feel the electricity buzz through me at his touch, completely soaking my underwear. I wonder if he felt it too?
It's the middle of summer and I've been invited out tonight for drinks for a co-workers birthday. We're going out straight after work so I have another outfit and shoes in my bag, I don't want to be going out in my work clothes. I wear a pencil skirt and blouse for work, not the best outfit to be going out in. Unless I was going to a librarian or secretary convention.
I disembark the train and walk the two blocks to work, thinking about him the whole way. Wishing that I'd had the courage to ask his name so I have something to call out when I masturbate later.
I get to work ten minutes early so I go and get another coffee, needing the caffeine to get me through my work day. Hopefully it will keep me caffeinated all night too, so I can spend the entire night imagining him and seeing how many orgasms I can give myself.
My workday drags on, I pray for the end of the day so I can change for my night out. At 4:45pm and with all tasks finished for the day I head into the washroom to get changed. I take a quick shower and apply fresh make up before putting on my yellow summer dress and white wedge shoes. The white belt matching my shoes and bag. I let my hair down, my blonde hair cascading around my shoulders. I keep my makeup light and stay on the nude side, fresher faced makes for an easier pull. Maybe I'll take a guy home tonight, take out all my sexual frustration on him.
I meet the girls in the bar across the street for drinks, all of us in different colours as we order our first round of drinks. I choose a nice Chardonnay, white wine makes me lose my inhibitions and gives me confidence. Which is what I need if I want to take a guy home with me.
After two hours of laughs and three glasses of wine I'm feeling free but not seen a guy I'm interested in. A couple of guys have approached but I shot them down. I look across the bar and catch a glimpse of a guy who I think is the guy from the train, my mind is playing tricks on me I guess.
Another two hours and another three glasses of wine later and I'm ready to call it a night. I say goodnight to the girls and leave the bar alone, turning left outside the bar and walking towards the train station to head home.
I wait on the platform, the wine doing its job of making me confident but still I'm solo. My train arrives and I get on, the carriage is empty apart from me so I take a seat in the middle and lean back, closing my eyes for a moment.
The train begins to move, causing vibrations to run through me. I begin to get aroused and think to myself, "I'm alone, no one else here. Maybe I should rub one out?" I decide that I will and begin to rock back and forth slightly, my panties getting wetter by the second. The vibrations pulsing through my pussy, making me moan to myself.
The train slows indicating that we're approaching a station. I stop rocking for a moment, I don't want anyone getting on and knowing what I was up to.
A guy gets on at the end of the carriage and takes a seat, he looks over to me. It's him! My fantasy guy from the train! He eyes me up in my yellow summer dress and gets up from his seat. Making his way over to sit opposite me, he makes eye contact and smiles at me.
The train begins to move, my liquid courage kicks into high gear and I begin to rock again. Making eye contact the entire time, his mouth opens and he lets out a moan. The confidence grows and I slip my hand under the skirt of my dress and reach into my panties. My fingers find my clit and my breathing quickens, I begin rubbing in a circular motion around my clit, moaning as I do. I bite my lip as I continue to look into his eyes, the eyes I see when I fantasise, my orgasm approaching quickly.
He gets up from his seat and walks over, leaning in for a kiss. My fingers move faster on my clit when he reaches down and grabs my wrist. He pulls my hand out of my panties and raises it to his mouth, he licks and sucks on my fingers, moaning as he does. He smiles at me and drops to his knees pulls my panties aside and planting a kiss directly on my pussy.
I cry out as his tongue delves between my folds, his lips capturing my clit and begins sucking on it. I throw my head back and grunt as I feel my orgasm building again.
He stops briefly to say "Zach" before returning to his oral ministrations. I moan and writhe as I crest on the edge.
My climax hits with a violence I haven't felt before I grab the back of his head and I cry out his name. He doesn't let up from his licking and sucking as I orgasm, his mouth working away on my pussy. The train slows and he stops, moving my panties back into place and straightening my skirt before returning to his seat.
No one gets on the train and as it pulls away from the station I make a decision. I stand, my legs shaky from my orgasm but I reach up my skirt and hook my fingers into the waistband of my panties and pull them down, throwing them onto the seat next to him.
I look down and see his erection straining through his jeans, I lick my lips and my hands reach for him. He unbuttons his jeans, freeing his raging hard on. I place my legs either side of him and lower myself down onto his magnificent dick. My cunt slick from the orgasm I had making it easier to slide inside me. I moan as his cock fills me up, his eyes almost roll back into his head as I take all of him, the head of his dick hitting my cervix. I begin grinding my hips as my pussy grips onto him, he feels amazing inside me but I have to control myself and not lose my composure.
I begin to move up and down, his cock sliding in and out of me. He grabs onto my ass to help me move, his breathing beginning to her heavier as his climax approaches. My movement quickens as mine does too, he wraps his arms around me as his hits.
"Oh fuck! Oh my god, yes!!" He yells as he pumps his cum inside me. I orgasm around his cock, making his last longer. I collapse against him as the spasms subside. I catch my breath a little before standing and getting two tissues out of my bag. I hand one to him and clean myself up.
The train slows to a stop, I bend down to kiss him before grabbing my panties and handing them to him. I wink and leave the train, trying to walk properly after that incredible fuck. I make my way up the platform to the exit when someone grabs my wrist. I spin around and I'm looking into those blue eyes again.
"Not getting away that easily" he says. "Now that I've had you, I want more." I smile and take his hand, leading him out of the station and to my apartment.
TO BE CONTINUED