After our first experience with Rick and that incredible threesome we had, both Jessica and I wanted to try again. Jessica suggested that instead of contacting someone new we should get together with Rick again. "Our last encounter with Rick was so great," she said. "Why take a chance on someone else who may not be as good a fuck?" (I really think that my wife had developed quite a fascination for that huge meat log between Rick's legs.)
This time Jessica called Rick to make the arrangements. I could hear her on the phone telling Rick exactly what she planned to do to his "huge dick" and how horny it was making her to think about it. She told him how excited she was about getting screwed by two guys again and how she hoped that we both would have the staying power to ball her all night long.
Rick apparently made a suggestion at that point since Jessica came into the living room and asked me how I would feel if Rick invited a friend to join us. Thinking this might be our opportunity to get it on with a couple, and my chance to screw another woman, I said sure.
Jessica went back to the other room and talked to Rick a few minutes longer and then returned. She said that it was all set and we would meet Rick and his friend Bill (!) this Saturday at Rick's apartment. At first I was a little taken aback but then thought, "Why not." When Jessica was fucking the two of us she turned into an insatiable nymphomaniac. One more guy could only help to bring that side of her out again.
When Saturday night came around Jessica dressed herself up to a cock-teasing level I had never seen before. She was wearing black lace panties and a matching bra, black stockings, black high-heeled shoes, and a low cut (very low cut) tight short black dress. Absolutely the hottest looking outfit I'd ever had the pleasure to see her in. She had apparently been out shopping during the week. Jessica was obviously psyched for a night of epic proportions (size and otherwise).
So, one week after first meeting Rick and watching him screw my wife, we were off to his apartment for our first foursome. Since Jessica had taken the directions over the phone, she drove us there and had no trouble at all finding the place.
We walked up one flight of stairs. Jessica was in the lead (what a dick hardening view!), and I swear I saw her shiver in anticipation. We quickly found the right door and knocked. Rick answered the door and invited us in. His friend Bill was already there and introductions were made.
Rick had blended up a pitcher of margaritas and we each gladly accepted a drink. Taking our glasses into the living room we all sat down to some friendly conversation. Jessica quickly drained her glass and asked for another. I guess she must have been a bit nervous and I couldn't blame her. She was outnumbered three to one. Just one scantily clad babe for three horny guys. I guess I was a bit nervous too, since I wasn't too far behind her in getting seconds.
Rick had put on some soft jazz. By the time he decided to put something more upbeat on, Jessica was already well into her third or fourth drink. Sensing the sexual tension in the room Rick opted for something more rhythmic, more primal. I guess Jessica decided that was her cue to get the ball rolling.
She stood up and said, "I think it's SHOW TIME!" As the three of us stared in wonder Jessica started to move slowly, gradually getting into a rather sexy swaying rhythm. She said, "Why don't all three of you studs sit on the couch and let me put on a show for you?" Too stunned to do otherwise we all sat in a row on the couch.
Jessica drained the rest of her drink in one quick gulp. She turned to face us and smiled. My wife teasingly licked her lips and started dancing to the music. At the same time she ran her hands up and down her body, stopping to cup her tits from underneath. She then squeezed them together, making the ample mounds pop out even more from her low cut dress.
As wild as my wife was that first night with Rick she hadn't even begun to show what she was truly capable of. I had never imagined what an exhibitionist she could be! She had always enjoyed dancing but this was something worthy of the hottest strip club and it was my wife up there on the stage!
My cock was ready to burst out of my pants and, by the looks on their faces, Rick and Bill's boners were ready to tear through the material of their pants as well. I don't think either of them expected anything as incredibly sexy and outrageous as the show Jessica was putting on for the three of us. This was something out of the hottest porno movie but it was happening in real life and my wife was the porno star.
Jessica continued to dance for us, moving her hands slowly lower and lower until she was unabashedly rubbing her cunt through the thin material of her dress and moaning throatily. She hiked up her dress and slowly pulled her panties down her legs and over her high-heeled shoes. She tossed them toward the couch and they landed in Bill's lap, tenting up over the bulge in his slacks. Bill picked them up and sniffed them. Jessica looked him square in the eyes and licked her lips.
She placed her hands on her boobs and ran her fingers around the hard nipples. My wife teasingly slipped her bra off exposed her impressive breasts. We were all breathing quite hard by now and I noticed that both Rick and Bill had unzipped and pulled down their pants. They were busy masturbating to the sight of my wife in heat! Masturbating to my wife who was gyrating her gorgeous body in front of her husband and two strangers.
By now her dress and bra had been pulled down to expose her bouncing boobs. Jessica danced up to the couch and, starting first with Rick, she smothered his face between her big tits and shook them back and forth. She then did the same to me and then to Bill.
I quickly freed my own rock solid boner as I watched Jessica dance back away from the couch and slip off her dress and bra. Only her high heeled shoes and fish net stockings remained on. What an incredible sight! Jessica leaned forward at the waist, squeezed her tits together, shimmying them with her hands so that they quivered like a bowl of Jell-O. My wife then said, "Don't cum yet, save some cream for me. I'm thirsty and it's not for margarita's, its for CUM!!!"
At this point I wouldn't have believed that Jessica could still surprise me, but she did. She got down on her hands and knees and CRAWLED (!) over to the couch between Bill's legs and started licking and sucking his balls. Rick and I watched, barely managing to hold on, while Jessica licked her way up Bill's impressive (but not as large as Rick's) dick.
She grabbed hold of his cock in both hands and covered the head with her mouth. I could see her cheeks cave in as she put a demand suck on Bill's tool and inched her way down, sliding her hands lower as she covered Bill's near to bursting hard-on with her mouth. After taking a bit more than half of his cock in her throat, Jessica eased her lips up and off the shaft.
She gazed up into Bill's face, smiled and licked her lips (definitely a theme for the night). My wife then lifted up her heaving tits and wrapped them around Bill's throbbing boner. She proceeded to slide them up and down as Bill's cock lubricated her chest with pre-cum. As she fucked his cock with her tits she stared up into Bill's eyes and said, "Ooh baby, yeah. Tit fuck me good. I love the feel of hard cock between my big tits."
Jessica licked up and down his dick once more for good measure. She lifted her tits to her mouth and licked them off as well. She looked up at Bill again and said, "See if you can hold off a bit longer stud. I want you to save it so that all three of you can cream me at once, but first I have to treat Alan and Rick to some of what you just got."
Jessica then shimmied over to me and repeated the scene she just played out with Bill. First she licked and sucked my balls, taking them each into her mouth. Then, licking her way up my aching hard on, she grabbed it with both hands and tried to suck the life out of me through the head. Jessica then sucked in over half my throbbing dick and worked her way up and down it a few times.
She took my near to bursting boner between her boobs, first moving one tit up and then the other, alternating up and down. While continuing to massage my cock between her big boobs she gazed lustfully into my eyes and said, "You taste so good tonight honey! And I just love the feel of your big dick fucking me between my tits."
She rubbed both her nipples over the head of my dick, covering them in pre-cum which she then licked off her own nipples and finally mouthed my cock clean. Jessica smiled at me and said, "Thanks for sharing me, I'm having the big dick, cum eating time of my life. Hold off for a bit while I do Rick's dick and then I want all three of you to cover me with your cum!"
Jessica took one more swipe at my pulsing meat log with her tongue. She then slid her way down the line to Rick who was gingerly holding a ready to burst boner. Even though I had seen it before, Rick's cock still amazed me by its enormous size.
My wife again went through her, by now, well-rehearsed routine. First she licked his nuts (though she had a bit of trouble getting those baseballs into her mouth). Then she slowly, sensuously licked her way up his cock (this seemed to take quite a while but she did have a great deal of territory to cover).
Jessica then grabbed his huge cock with both hands and crammed the swollen head into her mouth while jerking up and down on the thick shaft. My wife took as much of that tree trunk as she was capable of down her throat. Then, like the first time she sucked Rick, she went ballistic! Absolutely cock driven wild. She was totally out of her mind with big dick lust.
She slid her lips up and down his cock at a manic pace. Occasionally Jessica removed her mouth from his joint and allowed herself to look up into Rick's face while licking her lips. She let a strand of saliva and pre-cum stretch slowly between his cock and her mouth while she gradually moved her lips away.
Jessica again lifted her tits and smothered Rick's dick between them, shaking them back and forth. My wife shook her chest like a stripper bent over to give a customer a show. The only difference was that there was a throbbing 12" cock between her gyrating tits.
She slid her breasts up and down his boner, occasionally bending her head down to lick his dick as it emerged from the top of her boobs. She then looked up at Rick and said, "Yum yum, delicious. I love the taste of your cream baby. I love the feel of your big fucker between my tits. You've got a fucking incredible cock baby." Jessica then proceeded to lick her tits and Rick's dick off and then stood up.
Jessica stepped back a few paces and made a point of looking lustfully down at all three of our raging hard-ons. My wanton wife then said, "I know you can't hold out much longer so why don't you feed me your cum. I want all three of you to jerk off on me at the same time. Give me a hot cum bath!"
Jessica lay down on the soft carpet as we all stood up and removed the rest of our clothes. We approached her with our dicks leading the way. It must have been quite a sight from my wife's point of view. We placed a couple of pillows under her head. Rick kneeled over her and placed his cock between her breasts while Bill and I knelt at either side of her face.
Jessica first took Bill deep into her throat. She pumped my dick with one hand as Rick pressed her tits against the sides of his huge boner and fucked her heaving chest. Jessica turned to me and engulfed my dick into her mouth. She jerked on Bill's straining cock as Rick continued to plow his massive tool between her tits.
Bill and I then both rubbed our dicks over her beautiful face. Jessica alternately licked our balls as we dangled them over her mouth. We fucked her face, rubbing streams of pre-cum on her cheeks, mouth, neck, hair and everywhere. Jessica tried at one point to take us both into her mouth at once. Unfortunately the best she was able to manage was to hold both our cock heads in front of her mouth and lick them at the same time.
The whole time we were dicking her Jessica was oohing, ahhing and purring in complete abandon. I was right on the verge of cumming and I imagined that both Rick and Bill must have been pretty damned close as well. It wouldn't have taken much to push us past the point of no return and, with impeccable timing, my wife said, "Please cum on me. Shoot your big hot loads on my face. Cream me good; give me your yummy cum. Give me a FUCKING CUM BATH!"
Well, that did it. I think Bill was the first to shoot, sending a thick streak of jizz across Jessica's cheek and lips. I'm not sure who came next, Rick or me, but the next thing I knew all three of us were jerking off on my wife's face.
Bill and I hosed her down from the sides and Rick did likewise from below. We each tried to cover as much of her face as possible. While Bill and I aimed for Jessica's mouth, Rick slid back and pumped a few shots across her upthrust tits. Jessica was too busy licking and swallowing gobs of cum to say anything, but it was obvious that she was relishing every moment, every spurt. She was in complete ecstasy over the feel of hot jizz against her skin and in her mouth.
As our cum flow subsided to a dribble, Rick scooted down and started lapping at Jessica's cunt. It took her about three seconds to start cumming herself, and she did so loudly. She sputtered unintelligibly and then said, "Oh yes... Oh shit... Oh God... Don't stop! I'm cumming! It feels so good. Lick me... fuck me with your long tongue baby." I swear she must have cum a dozen times in about five minutes.
While Bill and I used our cocks to massage the cum into her face, Jessica scooped cum off her tits and lovingly sucked the gooey mess off her fingers with obvious delight.
Totally spent, the three of us sat back on the floor to catch our breath. Jessica, apparently knowing a good thing when she saw it, rubbed the remaining cum into her tits and face. She lewdly licked the jizz individually off each of her fingers.
Then, one by one, she crawled to each of us and licked our dicks dry. Jessica was determined to suck out any remaining cum left in us, obviously savoring every drop. This crawling thing, with her tits hanging down and swaying back and forth, was a real turn on. Already I felt my cock start to stir again. (I'd never had such quick recuperative powers before, but obviously had also never had such intense stimulation and motivation as seeing my wife acting like the world's sluttiest porn star. A true, real life, cum crazy, sex goddess. A totally uninhibited, sex crazy, jizz loving bimbo. And I was married to her!)
Jessica went to use the wash room to clean and freshen herself up while Rick went to make another pitcher of margaritas. Bill went over to the TV and put on a porno tape. I sat down in an armchair and made myself comfortable.
I knew there was more to cum, that Jessica wouldn't be satisfied until she got well and royally fucked by all three of us. I knew that my wife wouldn't be satisfied until she had her cunt filled by large, hard dick.
When my wife returned from the bathroom she looked refreshed and had redone her make up. Jessica had teasingly left on the sexy stockings and high-heeled shoes. She looked simply incredible.
She helped herself to another margarita and gulped down half of it. She then topped it off and joined us in the living room to watch the porno movie now in progress. It was one of those gang bangers that seem to be increasingly popular in the video stores and it was very appropriate for this occasion.
The scene presently playing had a big boobed babe taking on at least a dozen guys in every possible combination. Bill turned to my wife and said, "I bet you could do that. You're hot enough to take on a fucking football team by yourself."
Jessica smiled and said that it looked like fun. She told us that she hoped to be lucky enough to have a dozen big dicked stud's gang bang her someday. Having said that she downed the rest of her drink and went to get another, sexily swaying her hips as she walked toward the kitchen.
When Jessica walked back into the living room she made a point of swinging and gyrating her tits and we all stared at her as she walked toward the couch.
Jessica sat down on the couch between Rick and Bill. She spread her legs so that her stocking covered thighs rested against both Rick and Bill's legs.
The action on the TV continued with the guys fucking the brains out of the gorgeous girl on the screen. The camera panned in on the action and it wasn't long before the ravished nymphet screamed, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming." This spurred several of the guys to start cumming themselves.
Their erupting cocks spewed cream all over her belly, pubic hair and tits. Several more spurting studs took their place and covered her face, and whatever remaining skin visible, through the sea of cum coating her.
Rick and Bill's cocks were standing tall again and Jessica reached out her hands and began gently rubbing their revived shafts. Both cocks were dripping pre-cum and Jessica started lewdly licking her lips again.
I got up off the armchair and dropped to my knees between my wife's thighs. I began to lap her already dripping pussy. Jessica, Bill and Rick continued to watch the movie while I licked cunt and Jessica pumped dick (two massive boners, one in each hand).
Rick said "You know Jessica, I bet you could really do that. You're as hot, horny, and sexy as any of those porn stars. You'd probably gang bang the whole lot of them and, after draining them dry, beg for more."
I heard Jessica respond "The way I feel now I could take on a whole fucking army, as long as they all had big hard dicks like yours, that is." I looked up for a moment just in time to see Rick and Bill each bend over to take one of my wife's boobs in their mouths and start licking and sucking tit. It was our turn to pay back Jessica for the incredible experience she had given us.
While we continued to service her, my wife stared intently at the action on the screen. I was as if she wished she could take the place of that ravished nympho getting gang banged by those big dicked studs.
I returned to the pleasurable task of getting her off. I eagerly continued cunt lapping, giving Jessica exactly what she wanted. Licking her love button and working my tongue into her with fast cock-like strokes. I knew she was ready to cum and I doubled the speed of my tongue flicking across her clit. Jessica arched her back and came moaning, groaning and squirming.
I looked up to see Rick cover her mouth with his own in a lust-crazed kiss while Bill continued to suck her tits. I stuck one, two, then three fingers up my wife's pussy and fucked her with them while at the same time leaning over to suck on her clit. Jessica immediately came again. I heard her start to scream but it was cut off, obviously by Rick thrusting his tongue down her throat.
I decided to go for orgasm number three and applied the tip of my tongue to her clit in fast back and forth strokes. Once Jessica gets going, the orgasms cum fast and furious. In just a short while she was in the throes of her third and most intense orgasm yet. The three of us barely managed to hold her down while she shook in ecstasy.
She spoke softly, yet clearly. "Oh honey, you're the best pussy licker ever. You really know how to get me off with that long tongue of yours."
I said, "Thanks babe but I ain't done yet." I dove back in and brought her off a couple of more times... turning her into a quivering, shivering mass of orgasmic flesh. Man, did my wife look good with her tits heaving and shaking in the throes of orgasm.
After the incredible show and blow Jessica had given us, we were determined to drive her completely wild with as many multiple orgasms as she could handle. We all switched positions with Bill between my wife's legs, Rick sucking tit, and me kissing her and sucking tongue.
Bill obviously knew what he was doing since Jessica continued to have multiple orgasms squealing in ecstasy whenever a tongue wasn't stuffed down her throat. Meanwhile Rick and I did our best to keep her from squirming off the couch.
We switched again, Rick tongue fucking Jessica, Bill taking mouth duty and me teasing tit. Jessica came again and again (and again). We never let up, bringing her to one orgasm after the other. Each one was more intense than the previous one.
Finally we heard her say, softly at first, then louder, "Cock... cock... cock, cock, cock. I need cock. Big dicks. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me. Give me every inch of your dicks. Fill me up. Stuff my pussy with your meat logs. I want to feel all of your big fucking dicks in me. Fuck me senseless. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me..."
Well, we certainly weren't about to refuse a request like that! The three of us got up and stood there with our dicks sticking straight out, not quite sure how or where to start.
Jessica began to massage her tits with both hands, spread her legs wide and said, "Come on Bill, you're first this time. Fuck me. Fuck my pussy with your hard cock"
Bill didn't need to be asked twice. He quickly joined my wife on the couch and pressed his dick head against her cunt. Bill slowly and gently started to ease his shaft into her.
My wife put her hands on Bill's ass and pulled him into her saying, "Give it to me. Give me every fucking inch you have. Dick me good."
Bill obliged her by ramming the rest of the way into her and starting a rhythmic pumping motion, fucking his dick in and out while Jessica made little squealing sounds. Bill kept pumping her for quite a while before pulling out to give us a shot at my wife's pussy. Jessica leaned forward to suck Bill's cock into her mouth before letting him go.
Jessica said, "Come on Alan honey, give me your big, hard dick." I took my place between her legs and gave her the full length of my manhood in one long thrust. It was heaven. It was warm velvet pleasure. Jessica was wet, hot and tight. I thrust in and out while Jessica sporadically squeezed her cunt muscles, clamping the walls of her pussy tight around my dick. After several minutes of vigorous fucking I reluctantly pulled out so that Rick could get his dipstick wet too.
Jessica leaned forward as I pulled out and took my throbbing boner deep into her mouth. She slowly pulled her lips up the shaft and off the tip, sucking so hard she made a popping sound as her lips disconnected with my cock head. She then pressed her breasts against my upthrust cock and pushed them a few times against the sides of my shaft.
Jessica said, "That was great honey. Keep your engine running. I'll want more of your cock later.
I stepped back and Jessica said, "OK Rick, your turn. Fill me up with that mammoth log of yours. Ram it in to me."
Rick stepped up to bat. He leaned over and Jessica reached down to guide his prick into her cunt with both hands. After a little bit of initial resistance the thick head of his cock slid into her cunt. As Rick slowly pushed his shaft into her, Jessica moved her hands to her clit and started masturbating herself. By the time Rick was half way in she was squealing in ecstasy. "Oh God yes, I'm cumming. Fill me up, give it to me."
Rick thrust the rest of the way in and Jessica came again. Rick withdrew half way and pushed back in, slowly at first, then faster and faster.
My wife put her hands around his body and started to pull herself up against him to meet every thrust. She wrapped her legs around him, squeezed hard and came again. "Oh, oh, oh. Its in me, it feels so big. Keep fucking me."
If Jessica had gone ballistic sucking dick she now took off like a rocket. She fucked Rick's dick like a woman possessed. This went on and on until Rick managed to pull himself out. Jessica desperately tried to hold on to him as Rick started to straighten up.
Jessica was lifted off the couch with her arms and legs still wrapped around him. She thrust her cunt against his pole for all she was worth. Rick stood up and Jessica slid down his body. She slid her tits down his chest and over his cock until she was on her knees in front of him. His massive boner pointed right at her face.
Jessica grabbed his shaft with both hands and brought her face right up against it. She started rubbing it all around her face finally taking it in her mouth and engulfing half of it in one sword swallowing lunge. She backed off a few inches and then forced her mouth back down the length of his dick swallowing a good nine inches or so. Jessica slowly slid her lips back up to the cock head and off, sticking out her tongue to lick all around the crown.
Bill and I walked over and my wife suddenly found herself on her knees surrounded by hard, hot cock. Three throbbing boners all aimed at her beautiful face.
Jessica said "Are all those beautiful boners for me? Are you hard for my body? Do I get you excited? Do you like my big tits? Do you like fucking me? Do you like it when I suck your big hard cocks down my throat?"
We all mumbled in return, so excited and turned on by my wife's brazenly slutty behavior that we were unable to respond clearly.
Jessica licked and sucked each of us as we rubbed our dicks in her face. My wife then stood up and said, "I need more fucking. I need more cock. All of you screw me. Stuff me, smother me in cock!"
What an incredible turn-on it was to hear my wife demand to get fucked, not just by me but by three horny guys at once. She continued to show me a side of her I never knew existed. We'd always had great sex but she was bringing it to a whole new level.
For one thing, she'd never been very vocal and I was really getting off on listening to her beg for cock. For another, I was having one of my fantasies fulfilled, which was to see my wife get screwed by other guys.
This was sexual excitement on the highest plane. Sex lasted longer, I stayed hard longer and I was larger and harder than ever before. With three guys to service her my wife had no lack of long, hard cock waiting to fill her every need. She had enough big dick to keep her constantly at the peek of sexual excitement.
As just one of the participants I had time to calm down and cool off between my turns. Therefore I was able to maintain my own level of excitement and pleasure for much longer than ever before. Even after cumming once already, there was enough visual and verbal stimulation to get me up and hard and ready for action again.
Even though I still hoped to get an opportunity to make it with other women this was the next best thing. It was the next best thing because the hot babe we were fucking, this incredible, insatiable nymphomaniac was not the same woman I had married.
Jessica backed up into the couch, dragging me by my dick with her. She collapsed backwards against the cushions pulling me between her legs. My cock, now as hard as an iron rod, found its mark and entered her.
Jessica said "Come on boys, join the fun. I've got two hands and a mouth I want filled with dick."
Rick and Bill hurried to either side of her and positioned themselves so that their lances were aimed at my wife's face from either side. I had a bird's eye view as I watched my wife take a huge throbbing boner in each hand while I continued to fuck her.
Jessica took first one, then the other prick deep into her throat. She alternated back and forth, jerking the one not currently stuffing her mouth.
I pulled out of her and proceeded to rub the head of my cock back and forth over her clit. She came; unable to say anything since her mouth was stuffed full of cock at the time. I stuffed my raging hard on back into her and jackhammered it in and out at full speed until she came again. I said "Next" and Bill and I switched places.
Bill wasted no time ramming his rod deep into my wife's pussy. Jessica moaned and turned her talented tongue loose on my boner, licking all her own juices off it. She lifted my dick up and mouthed my balls, all while continuing to pump on Rick's dick. She then turned back to Rick and treated him to the same, licking his cock like a popsicle and then sucking his balls for all she was worth. Bill pulled out and said "Your turn, Rick" and switched places with him.
This time Rick didn't wait for Jessica to slowly accommodate his huge girth. He crammed his immense fuck pole into her hard and fast, probably figuring if she wasn't ready for his monster cock by now she never would be. He plowed in and Jessica came again, her voice muffled this time by my cock filling her mouth.
Bill got up on the other side of Jessica and she turned to lick her juices off his dick as she had done for me. As Jessica mouthed Bill's balls, I lowered my dick to her left tit globe. I pressed my cock head into her tit and started to tease her swollen nipple by circling it with my cock head. I used my dick to massage pre-cum into the flesh of her tit. Bill, knowing a good thing when he saw it, lowered his dick and did the same to Jessica's right tit.
Jessica lifted her hands up to hold both of our dicks. She took over the task of rubbing their sensitive heads against her boobs while Rick continued to jackhammer his cock into Jessica's cunt.
With her mouth temporarily free from sucking dick, Jessica used the opportunity to drive us crazy with her own brand of verbal stimulation. "Three big dicks all for me. Come on boys, I'm ready for some more cum. Are you ready to cream me again? Come on and give it to me. I want another cum bath. I want to drain every drop of cum out of your big dicks. I want you to cover me in cum. I want you all to fill my mouth with so much cock juice it spills out the sides, pours down my cheeks and spills over to run down my tits."
As Jessica talked, Bill and I moved back up to aim our ready to spurt dicks at her pretty face. Jessica licked her lips and then licked our dick heads while continuing to jerk them ever more furiously.
"Give it to me," she moaned. "Hose me down with cum. Paint my face."
We came, we hosed, and we painted. Bill and I started spraying like fire hoses nearly simultaneously filling my wife's mouth, as she requested, to overflowing. I watched huge gobs of cum spill out over her lips as Jessica used her tongue to try and keep as much in as possible. Jessica swallowed furiously, purring to herself as she did so.
Rick pulled out of her cunt and sent a streamer of jizz flying straight over her tits to land on her chin. Bill and I continued to fill Jessica's mouth to overflowing while Rick aimed the rest of his load at her tits, covering them both in gobs of jizz. I kept cumming and so did Bill and Rick.
I was amazed at the amount of cum I was capable of producing so shortly after the incredible blow jobs earlier this evening. I was also amazed at how much jizz Bill and Rick still had in them as evidenced by the veritable river of cum now covering my wife's hair, face, neck, tits, belly, and pubic hair.
I guess it was the incredible stimulation my wife provided us with her unbounded lust for cock. She truly had become a fucking, sucking, cum eating slut.
Our combined cum flows dwindled to a sputter, then a dribble. The cum finally stopped flowing as we shook off the last clinging drops to add to the layer of jizz paint covering Jessica's face and body.
Bill and I dropped back into the soft cushions of the couch and Rick collapsed to the floor. It was easily the most intense orgasm of my life. My wife had taken on three big cocks and looked like she was ready for more!
Now that we had finished hosing her down with our dicks, Jessica was able to swallow enough jizz to speak. And, of course, she had plenty to say.
"Yum, yum, yum," she gurgled. "I could eat cum all day, every day. What a treat. Three tasty jizz loads just for me. Thank you! Hope you don't mind if I finish my meal." (Incredible! She was thanking us for bathing her in cum!)
Having said that, my wife went into her now standard routine of scooping gobs of cum off her face, tits, and body. She then licked the jizz off her fingers while cooing and purring the whole time. It was as if she had been starving and was offered the finest meal in a five star restaurant.
It astounded me how, through three years of marriage, Jessica refused to swallow cum but now was completely craven for it. Totally driven by her lust for big hard dick and large hot loads of cum.
Jessica continued to clean herself off like a cat washing herself. She raised her cum soaked tits to her mouth and used her fingers to scrape up any cum she couldn't reach with her tongue. She sucked her fingers with such abandon and swallowed cum with such glee that she made smacking and slurping sounds as she did so.
When my wife was satisfied that she had cleaned every last drop of cum off herself she leaned over and sucked the entire length of my dick, which was still half-hard, into her hot mouth. Her throat felt like a vacuum cleaner. She sucked my dick like she thought I was holding out on her, like there might still have been some jizz left in it.
When she was convinced I had nothing left to give her she leaned to the other side and swallowed Bill's dick whole. She obviously was hoping for more jizz, for just one last drop. When she was done with Bill she got on the floor between Rick's legs and licked her way up from his balls to his cock head.
She rubbed his still substantial and only somewhat deflated member worshipfully over her face. She rubbed his cock over her cheeks, nose, eyes and mouth and then vacuumed the entire remaining length of his shaft into her throat. Jessica did her best to coax out whatever jizz was left in Rick's dick and finally removed her mouth from his spent cock.
Jessica then lay back against the couch and spread her legs wide saying, "Is that all? Can any of you get it up again?" All three of us groaned in unison.
Bill said, "Come on Jessica, you drained us dry. I've never been so thoroughly drained in my life."
Rick said, "God Jessica, you're incredible. You really could do a gang bang like that babe in the porn flick. You'd make her look like an amateur in comparison!"
I said, "You did us in, babe. Sorry."
Realizing we had nothing left to give her, Jessica reached down with her hands and frigged herself to another half dozen orgasms.
She continued her cock teasing rant while masturbating furiously. "Oh yes, oh God, that was great. Big fucking dick just for me. Cum cocktails. Jizz juice all over me." And, "Uh, uh, uh, I'm cumming." Obviously Jessica was reliving our evening as she brought herself off repeatedly.
When my wife was finally spent herself she sat up and hugged herself tightly. This caused her tits to rise up and she thrust them out as if in offering to us.
She then cupped her boobs with her hands from underneath and to the sides and jiggled them saying, "So what did you think? Was I good? Did I do you like a slut? Did I handle your big fucking dicks like one of those bimbos in the porno films? Did I do right by you? Did you like giving me a cum bath? I sure hope so because I loved it! I loved having your big dicks spurt cum all over my face and tits. I loved the feeling of hot cum covering my body. I loved eating your jizz and swallowing three big dick loads of hot cum!"
She went on and on about the joys of big dick and hot cum. Too tongue tied to respond I started to clap. Bill and Rick joined me in an enthusiastic round of applause for what was a fucking world class performance by my cock crazed, cum crazy wife. Jessica smiled and licked her lips.
To Be Continued...