Everyone having sex is at least 18. This is fiction, I made it all up. Warning: this is a self-edited story. I do use Grammarly to help reduce my ability to murder the English language. Special thanks to goducks1 for his help.
Chapter 11 - The Visitor
Two years later...
Dana moved out when she found a boyfriend. Too many women and not enough time for her. We are still great friends. She loves John but John loves Sara and me first.
Sara and John got married over a year ago and Sara gave birth to Vicky three months ago. I love and treat Vicky as if she were my own. They include me in everything. We are getting along well. I understand why Dana left, I want a man with me in bed at night. Sara gets that. I don't. I have an eye open for my own man but not found one yet. John has the enthusiasm of a child. Everything is new and fun. He is still wonderful with me which makes it harder to find someone.
We have three good salaries and the expenses of one. Financially, we are doing great. That is why Sara has taken off six months for the birth of her child. It's early fall and the leaves are just turning. Sara has forced John and I to take the week off and go camping so we can see the leaves change.
I heard them talking a few nights ago. Sara is concerned about me. With so much attention on Sara, she is afraid I am getting lost. She also senses my disappointment at not being pregnant yet. She thinks I may be depressed because I don't get enough John time. I suppose there is some truth in all of that. I was concerned about leaving Sara alone, but Dana's husband is working extra shifts this week, so she will stay the week with Sara. She loves that baby almost as much as we do. Her husband shots blanks. For now, no children.
John is overjoyed to be going out into nature again. He has been working in an office, working with a psych department at a local college, and teaching classes to firefighters. He even does some classes for regular fire departments. He is staying quite busy and his boss is pleased with his work. We are going out by helicopter and airplane to a secluded area. We will hike back. It only takes four days to hike back to civilization, John is taking the long way. He has some official work to do so they can justify the helicopter.
We start assembling our equipment, checking it, and verifying we have everything on our list. John makes a list for everything. I think it's a guy thing, his buddies do the same thing. I think we have too much food. I question John, but he says that is typical because we will be so far away from help. Can't stop at a store. That makes sense.
+++++
Today dragged on forever. I am so excited to get home and start final packing. I feel like a child before Christmas. My co-workers notice the change in my mood and they approve 100%. They know I am leaving tomorrow so they kick me out early. Dana told me, "Girl, you left three hours ago. Your head isn't in it today. Go home. Start packing and have a fun week. I won't be over until you are long gone." She gave me a big hug and I went home.
That's when the trouble started. John didn't come home on time. It's his turn to cook tonight. We have a lot of work to do so we can get an early start. On top of that, I get John tonight, so Sara can sleep in. We are leaving at dawn. I am missing out on John time! We all have been sleep deprived with the baby waking up in the middle of the night. We take turns which really helps us stay sane.
John is now a few hours late, I am ready to rip a head off.
Sara smiles, "Relax Lisa. He texted me that he got delayed at work. He is picking up pizza as we speak. He is sorry."
It's another forty-five minutes before I hear him pull up. That's a long time to pick up a pizza. I am furious with him. I get up to meet him at the front door. Why am I mad, the real reason? Packing will take a long time. That cuts into the time I will get him in bed before we need to sleep. I finally get him overnight, I want everything that goes with it.
I go to the front door, open it so I can yell at John and I stand in shock. John isn't on our porch. He is getting luggage from the car. Standing in front of me is a king size supreme pizza with extra olives and sausage. Holding that pizza is mom. I scream. I crush mom in a devastating hug. She fought to not drop our dinner. Sara was already running and quickly saved the pizza. I haven't seen mom in close to a year since she and the captain made it in for the wedding.
I invite mom in and we sit down to eat. Ok, everyone but mom sat down to eat. Mom wanted Vicky. She held and played with Vicky while we ate. Sara finished first and then mom ate pizza. John has a big smile on his face. He planned this. Part of me is unhappy because I don't get John all to myself and part of me is happy, because it's been too long since I have seen mom.
After dinner, John and I pack. Mom is using Sara's back pack. The food makes sense now. The little shit lied to me, I will need to make him pay for that soon. Sara and mom talk about her life and the baby. We will have plenty of time to talk, no need to take time from the baby or Sara.
It's about 9:00 when we have packed and double checked all three back packs. John makes sure we have all that we will need. He runs off to take a shower and I drop by to check on mom. While walking down the hallway I hear my name. I stop and listen.
Mom, "How bad is her depression? John sounds worried."
Sara eases her concerns, "Lisa doesn't get John at night and she isn't pregnant yet. I set this up, so she can hopefully get some of each. I think mostly she is lonely. John and I have a baby and she is feeling a bit left out. She is very active with Vicky and loves her very much. Yet, I think it is also causing her problems because she doesn't have a baby... yet."
Mom sounds concerned, "What can I do to help?"
Sara laughs, "Let her enjoy life, fuck John, and hope we get a baby. I would love to see her get pregnant. I know you want some John too, just make sure she gets more than enough."
Mom is defensive, "Oh no. We are doing just fine there."
Sara snorts, I muffle a laugh, "You can't compare any older man to a young stud like John. There is a reason you came out here and it wasn't JUST to see your grandchild. It's OK, I understand."
How does Sara understand so much? I walk back to my room, then walk back to the living room where Sara and Mom are.
I yell out, "Anyone want some popcorn and a glass of wine?" I am now walking into the kitchen.
Mom comes up behind me. We both hug each other, and I think about how lucky we are.
Mom asks, "Do you know John's plan for the week."
I laugh, "Yes and no. I can see that look in your face. You are wondering what in the hell did I just say. Let me explain. John will tell you what his plan is. I know basically where we are going and where we will be on each day. However, John is the master of deception. He fails to mention that he has several surprises planned along the way. So yes, I know where we are going but I have no clue what we will be doing."
Mom looks at me stunned, "That makes absolutely no sense and yet, somehow I understand exactly what you said. Our lives have been forever changed by a child that refuses to grow up and everyone loves him for it. What an interesting world we live in."
I tell mom, "We need to open a bottle quick, we are getting up at the crack of dawn. Our child will be up at sun rise and will want to leave. Take a good shower tonight, no telling when you get the next one."
We watch the weather channel to watch the forecast while drinking a bottle of white wine and eating popcorn. As soon as we finished, I am ready for bed. Mom and Sara are smiling at me as I try to get John moving. He wants to continue talking, I want some fun."
Mom comes to my rescue, "John! Shut up. Lisa wants to get some sleep. She NEEDS you."
John catches the double meaning and quickly gets up as he shows us his mastery of the English language, "Oh. OK." Well spoken!
Mom gets up as well. Oh crap. I really didn't want mom interfering tonight.
Either mom read my expression, or she is tired, "I am going to bed. I am on baby duty tonight with Sara, I need to learn how to do this. When we get back, I am staying an extra week and will be on baby patrol the whole week. Good night everyone.
I run to my room and strip naked in seconds. I am on the bed and waiting. Am I dripping wet waiting for the sex? No. I know how that is going to go. After two years, sex is still great, but it's routine now. What I am excited about is spending the night with John, something that only happens rarely and something I miss terribly. I could say something, and they would accommodate me. I don't want to ask, I understand my place. I am not his wife. Spending the night is one of the privileges Sara gets. It's bad enough that she shares John with me. I feel guilty that she even does that. She is married, I am his sister, I should not be sleeping with my brother. Why does she let me?
Ok, let's see if I can get tonight perfect. John will start off by kissing me for about two minutes.
John is naked in 0.3 seconds and then he jumps on the bed. Immediately he's kissing me. In no time our tongues will be running wild. His tongue mingles with mine. It still feels wonderful. John is fantastic at kissing.
Next, John will play with my nipples. Sucks the right nipple, then the left. Back to the right and lick the areola and then repeat on the left. He then squeezes the breasts. Following a few minutes of that, he licks the nipples before sucking on the ends. He follows my plans exactly.
Now John will move down and eat me to three orgasms. He starts with a wide lapping with the tongue. He then moves to his whiskers. He will finish me off with kitty drinking milk, a short lightning quick tongue that hits randomly. Don't get me wrong, I love this. Easily the best of everything he does.
John has assaulted my nipples and breasts and is now moving down to eat me. Yup, the wide tongue is first. Oh, he is so good at this. Oh yes, yes, yes. Lick me, make me feel good. He knows exactly how to get my orgasm and he hit all right notes. With knowing the routine, the orgasms are less intense now. He moves to using his whiskers. No idea why this feels so good but nothing in this world gets me to orgasm faster than this. Sure enough, I feel that wonderful feeling sneaking up on me. I know it's there, just like every other time. Bam! It hits me hard and I can't move for a short time.
John has already moved to kitty lapping milk. I know, it sounds like a yoga position. It's what we call it. I have zero defense for this style even after two years of it getting me off. It tickles and tingles at the same time. As predicted, in no time I am orgasming again. These are wonderful orgasms, buts it's the same thing. He gets me off too quickly, I can't enjoy it like I used to when he was learning. Right now he knows too much.
Now he moves on to fucking me. Again, this is still wonderful. However, every time he fucks me slowly for thirty to sixty minutes and then rabbit fuck me for three and shoot his load into me. If I am lucky, she paints my tits.
Twenty-five minutes into fucking me, he starts increasing his speed. It's a nice, slow increase. As he increases the speed, my orgasm gets closer and closer to bursting. At three minutes and thirty seconds, I explode with a great orgasm. I tell him how great he is and then we both take a shower. While we are showering, mom comes into my room, strips naked, and gets in bed.
We finish our shower with more kissing and then dry off and head to bed. We are both surprised to see mom there.
Mom seems happy, "Lisa, I know how much you like sleeping with him holding you. I love it too. John, how about sleeping on your back so we can both cuddle with you. Otherwise you spoon Lisa and I will get your back. I won't take that from your sister."
John lays on his back, I get the lights, and we go to bed. We were all exhausted from the long day and tomorrow there will be lots of travel.
Chapter 12 - Surprise while Hiking
We eat breakfast on the road. It's Saturday, early, and nobody is on the roads. We make great time traveling. Two hours to the ranger station. An hour by helicopter. Two more hours by tiny plane. This is the type of plane where the pilot needs you to flap your arms, so we don't stress the squirrel that is on the treadmill and powering this plane. That is the nice way to say the plane was a piece of shit. It has pontoons making it able to take off and land in a lake, that is the one redeeming feature of the plane. We step out of the plane and we are in the middle of nowhere.
It's about noon, John wants to be at a camp site by nightfall. We put on our packs and we start our hiking. Sure enough, it's about dusk when we stop at a camp site. Running water makes this an awesome camp site. The firepit is a nice addition. There are plenty of woods around so John can find something dead. We need fire for heat.
Mom is no help and that is fine. John and I can set up the tent in the dark, mom stays out of the way and quickly we have the tent set up. Soon after John has a fire going. We huddle upwind of the fire, close enough to feel the heat on a crisp and cool evening. The sunset is amazing. Away from the city on a clear night, the sunsets seem better. The sky is clear and the air smells clean.
John is typically loud and clear. You know when he is talking or asking a question. He is very curious about everything, so he asks lots of questions.
Therefore, it is unusual when John starts talking with a soft and seemingly unsteady voice, "Lisa, are you happy still?"
Oh wow. Talk about a loaded question.
I stutter while talking, "I am not sure how to answer that. There are parts of my life I am extremely excited about and would not want to change. Yet, I must admit, there are parts of my life that aren't as great. Parts I really don't want to talk about."
Mom was nice enough to help me out, "Oh, that must be sex. It's the one topic you never want to talk about."
Now John has a smile again and seem happy as he says with a smirk on his face, "Part of the reason I asked you out on this trip is because the leaves are turning, and this part of the country is just awesome for about a week. You are going to see some beautify scenes. Part of my trip is to check out the state of this trail for others. The secret part of this trip is to add something new to our relationship. We have a routine. It's nice. You seem reasonably happy. I want more. Before I was married, women threw themselves at me. I could do anything I wanted. I could do that because I didn't respect them."
I can see his confidence growing, "I love you and Sara too much to treat you like I did those women."
My pussy is wet, my breathing is heavier, and my nipples are hard as rock.
John continues, "I miss that part of my life. I can't do that with Sara, she is my wife. However, my hot sister and mother whom I have an incestual relationship with, I think I can. You might be women I can do more with."
Ooooo, I like where this is going. Mom's mouth is gaping open.
I purr as I ask, "And was does 'more', entail?"
John is shy now, "Everything. Literally anything that pops into my mind."
Mom sheepishly asks, "Why did you ask me to come with?"
John's logic is so perfect, "Because you are a woman." Mom isn't buying that. "Any other woman would be a threat to Sara. I know Lisa wants this, I can see and hear her desire even though she has no clue what I am capable of. You have a choice. However, I think you would be very happy playing along."
I throw out my answer without thinking, "I am up for some fun."
Mom looks at me with shock, "You have no idea what he might ask us to do."
I look mom in the eyes and say with extreme confidence, "That's why I said yes."
Mom is blown away by my answer. I see the surprise on her face. It slowly turns to understanding and then to a grin.
Mom says in her sexy voice, "I agree as well."
Without missing a beat, John orders us, "Take off your shirts and then your bras."
I like this already. My pussy is on fire. Nobody is near but if they were, this would be so hot.
Both mom and I take off our shirts, straight over our heads and then fold them neatly before placing them on the bench we are sitting on. I reach behind and undo the three clasps. My breasts seem to burst out of the cups as I thrust out my chest a bit. I am showing them off to the world. I fold my bra and place it on my neatly folded shirt. Mom repeats the same steps.
John commands, "Pants and panties next."
The cool breeze makes my nipples hard, yet I am warm due to the fire. My pussy is a furnace. I stand up, drop my pants and then shimmy down my panties. I then sit back down, fold my pants and panties, then place them on the stack. Mom watched me and then repeats my actions.
John then commands us, "Stand up and grab your bra and panties. Just hold them, no getting dressed. I like this view."
Mom and I stand up, pick up our two articles of clothing and then stand, waiting for instructions.
John has a smile on his face, "Drop the items into the fire."
Mom, without hesitation, drops the items into the fire. I didn't. I like this pair. They cost me $40. John snaps to attention, takes two quick steps towards me, uses two hands to pick me up. I drop the clothes. What the fuck is he doing? John sits down, and I am placed over his thighs with my ass in position. I raise it higher. Quickly, John swats my ass hard five times. Each time I scream out in pain. I have tears running down my face.
John picks me up without moving and places me on the bench next to him before saying, "I expect my wishes to be followed. I have no patience for willful disobedience. You will obey, and you will submit to me."
Ahhh, there it is. Submission. He wants to make me his slut. He can't do this to his wife. He can do it with a stranger or in my case, a sister. Sorry, he can also do it with his mother. Or, does he have other plans for her. The fun-o-meter just broke for this week.
John is firm, "Feel like feeding the fire yet?"
I don't move other than a slight hint of a smile. Pretty sure I suppressed it.
John picks me up and again I am on his knees. This time I spread my legs. He feels me doing it and I hear him laugh a bit. He takes his big manly hands and this time I get ten more spanks and they are just as hard. The cries of pain aren't nearly as loud now. Well, until number ten. That one missed my ass cheeks and hit square on my pussy. That made me cry out with an OUCH! It is quickly followed by a surprise orgasm.
This orgasm wasn't spectacular. It was nice. It was unusual in that there was no buildup, no warning, just bam, it hit me in the face. I am now a roaring volcano. I have needs now. However, John surprises me. He stands up and walks back to his former seat.
Now in a normal voice, "Clothes. Fire." He is simply stating the facts. I follow his instructions. I watch as the fire flares. My garments are burning up, gone forever. I then notice John using a hand signal, telling mom to move closer to me. Since my ass is sore, I laid down rather than sitting on the bench.
Mom moves to the end of the bench, grabs my legs, and moves them so I am on my back. She then pushes up my legs, so they are straight in the air. My ass and pussy are on full display now. Mom bends down and starts licking my ass cheek while gently rubbing the other one. I know her intent is to relieve me of pain. She isn't helping. She bores of licking my cheeks, so she moves to my pussy lips. We both enjoy that much more.
I think of how timid mom was the first time with Sara. She accepts it so easily now. The captain must share her with some people on the ship or she might be entertaining her own... friends. That pleases me to know her life is happy. Zero words and I know my mother is happy with her life. She is working hard to please me the old-fashioned way, the woman way, with just her tongue. She uses ice cream, the thick wide tongue as her only technique. It takes longer but it works.
Before I climax, she stops. She pushes my legs further back, clearly exposing my rectum. She wouldn't. Wrong. She does. Her tongue stabs my brown eye repeatedly. For a distraction, she licks around the outside before heading back down the hole. This time she allows my orgasm. It is awesome. Not life altering, but compared to the mundane sex I have had, this was exactly what I needed.
Oh shit, do I have to return the favor? Mom sat up while I rode out my orgasm. As I sit up, mom lays back and then puts her legs up above her body. Her ass isn't in pain, so I go straight to licking her pussy. I emulate mom, just a wide lapping with my tongue. I am soft, slow, and gentle. Mom is quickly on the verge. I stop.
Let's see how you like being stopped like that! I then push her further back and pick around the brown eye. This is gross to me, I need to get used to the difference. The best way to describe it is a wrinkled areola. Lots of ridges create interest. She is clean, no taste. I tentatively poke my tongue in quickly and then immediately withdrawal.
While going back in, a very familiar cock enters my pussy. He is soft and gentle with his thrusts. That's perfect, I don't need my head moving around much while I am licking mom. My tongue slips inside again and mom moans as my tongue wiggles around, inside her rear end. John is gliding back and forth inside my hole producing great pleasure. I go back to mom's pussy and use the shallow thin kitty lapping. Quickly mom is moaning in a deep growl. She likes this a lot.
I can tell that her orgasm is quickly building. She is breathing harder and paying less attention to me. Mom is so easy to read. John is consistent in his thrusting and pleasure. I move up the slit and lick her clit a few times and that sets off her explosion.
Mom smiles big and lets her legs relax on my back. I lift my head. We both smile at each other. Seeing that mom has been satisfied, John moves to a much harder and faster fucking. He is almost violent in the way he is taking me. His legs are spread over the bench as he slams his cock into me. He must bow his legs, so they don't slide against the rough wood.
John is frustrated. He stops slamming me, picks me up, and drops me unceremoniously on the long uncut grass. He slaps my ass, rolling me into doggie position. Now he is back to his hard-fast fucking. I want to stress hard fucking, like nothing he has ever done to me. Well, not like this he hasn't. He is an animal and has no regard for me. I must say, the roughness he is using, it's hot. I have had slow, soft, and sexy for a long time. To be used like a piece of meat is refreshing and a huge turn on. I need more.
I try to say, "Do it. Do it. Take my body. Use me. Abuse me. That's right. I am your toy. I am your property. I need this. Fuck me hard!"
I know my words influence him. He fucks me even harder. It's borderline pain now, because he is hitting me so hard with each thrust. Fortunately, the fucking is moving him much closer to orgasm as well. I know he is going the blow any second. Perfect timing, I am hanging on by a thread, I need to release soon.
I CAN'T WAIT! BOOM! My life flashes before my eyes. My body contracts every muscle. I fall forward on my haunches. I have pleasure surging all through my body. I hear John scream and then I feel my core being flooded with little swimmers. My first thought is I need to remember this date, it will be important. Six more times John thrusts and releases a load into me. I could feel his love juices flowing into my body. I roll over onto my stomach while he is still shooting into me. Typically, John rolls us on to his side.
Mom crawls up to me and inserts two fingers into my pussy, she wants John's little swimmers. I am too weak to fight. I start to cry because my mother is going to take away a chance to be bred. John saves me by picking up mom.
John is so cute with words, "You want something to suck on, try my cock."
John then shoves his still hard cock into mom's face and starts a face fucking. I would love to give you the details, but I am still reveling in my own pleasure. I don't give a damn what they are doing. I just know that MY sperm are safe and are being allowed to find the egg.
When I recover, mom is still being taken by John. I have enough energy to crawl closer to the fire. Now I am warm. I have zero energy left and I don't want to disturb John. I fall asleep in the grass.
+++++
It's still dark out when I wake up in the tent. I am on my back and John is titty fucking me. Because of the near full moon, I can see John. I assist him by holding my tits together. This makes it much easier for John to speed up and have fun. I have no idea how long he was going on his own, but it wasn't long before he explodes with a load that hits my breasts, chin, cheek, and hair.
As I raise my hand to wipe up the cum, John says with a deep guttural voice, "No. It stays."
He must be kidding, this is gross on me. As I touch the glob in my hair, I am pushed on to my side where five spanks are administered. He rolls me back over.
John snarls, "You are mine now. You WILL do as I say."
Ok, I see where this is going. I stop removing his cum. I lay back in my sleeping bag. I can smell his cum, it's a strong smell. John lays back down, rolls to his side and puts his arm around me. I smile, his hands aren't on my breasts where he likes them. I win.
+++++
I wake up as I am being rolled over on to my stomach. He pulls back on my hips so my body bends at the knees and my butt is on my feet, thighs on calves, and my arms are still on the ground. I can only see the sleeping bag. I feel John lance my pussy with his big thick cock. No warm up. Sorry, he must have fingered me, because I am wet already, he slid right in.
Today is different. John is all about speed. He is trying to fuck me fast enough to set a world record. Immediately I can't think. I can't move. I think I get out and 'Uh' every so often. Am I breathing? I can't concentrate on anything but that awesome feeling. He is taking me and is using me. It never felt so good.
When he finishes, I feel the splash on the inside of my body. That sets off my orgasm. I am having an out of body experience. All I feel is joy. I can't feel my body, the cold air, or the warm sun shining through the window of the tent. Nope, all else ceases to exist. I see John pumping his cum into me and grunting with each thrust. Those thrusts move my entire body due to the force he is using.
All too quickly I am back in my body. The joy lingers as my body relaxes and I stretch out. John kisses me on the lips. He grabs my breast and twists it causing me to grimace. I wonder what got into him. Where has the attitude been for the last two years? Is this the real John or is this something new?
He has finished with me. We are all putting clothes on.
As mom reaches for her bra, John instructs us, "No bras this week. Let them be free."
Mom complains, "My old tits will be drooping, they will be hideous."
Wrong thing to say this week. John pick up mom, rolls her over, and forcibly pulls down her pants. He then administers five quick spanks. Each time, mom cries out with a scream. She never says anything, but she gives him a look of content. He could not have cared less. I think he even smiled.
Breakfast is uneventful. We have MRE (Meal, Ready-to-Eat) to eat. They are pretty good. Much better than the freeze-dried stuff. Had we been on a longer hike, the extra weight of an MRE would not have been practical. No fire needed which makes it easier for John to clean up the fire pit. John and I pack up the tent, everything else, and then off we go.
The beauty of the mountains is unimaginable. The colors are spectacular. None of us are talking, we have eyes wide open and are enjoying the beauty that surrounds us. No telephone poles. No street signs. No roads. No cars. Plenty of fresh air and visibility that goes for miles. This is the perfect week to be out hiking. A week later or previous and we miss these perfect panoramic views. John brought his camera, so he can record the leaves and the scenery. The Park Service plans to use them in park brochures and for his training materials.
We are about two hours into the hike when John says, "Lets take a break. Packs off."
John gets behind me to help me take off my pack. That was nice of him. He then puts a hand on my waist to hold me still while his other hand pushes me over, bending me at the waist.
John instructs me, "Hands on thighs."
He then pulls down my pants followed by my underwear. Ok, not the worst. Then I start feeling uncomfortable when he pulls my shirt up and off. He tosses it over his shoulder. I don't even need to turn around to know what's next. That is when I fell his cock thrust up into me. In this position, it feels like it will reach my lungs. This time he isn't as fast. He is still quick, but he is making sure to use every millimeter of his cock. A few times it comes out, he swears, and then it's back in with a quick thrust. The thrusts are hard and quick while withdrawing is slower. This fucking is less mechanical, he must work harder to achieve his objective.
That objective is quickly approaching. My tits are swinging back and forth, slapping skin. It's obscene because of their large size. My nipples are rock hard. The fucking is awesome but then mom is in front of me. She must have liked kitty lapping because she is doing that to my clit. I am struggling for my breath. I am cold now. My pussy is a furnace, but I am sweating, and the cold wind is freezing my ass. I couldn't care less though, between John's telephone pole up my cunt and mom lapping my clit, I am ready to explode.
Sure enough, I do explode. Unfortunately, I lose control of my body and pass out. John alone was enough to get me off in a big way by the way he took me. Add in mom attacking my clit and it was fantastic. As I wake up, mom's pussy is above me. I am on my back and mom is lightly licking my pussy.
John can see that I have woken up, he instructs me, "Thank mom for helping you achieve your orgasm." I didn't need mom's help, but I don't need five swats on the ass either. I start with wide lapping of her outer lips. Mom moans. I am gentle this time. I am saving aggressive for later. I have easy access to mom's tits because she is naked as well. I lightly pinch her nipples causing her to wince. Big mistake, she pinches mine harder. I can't let her win, so I smash her nipples. That makes her mad and she places mine in a clamp and then pulls to the side, stretching my tits. I return the favor. Now both of us are near tears and suffering.
John catches on and rolls us both to our sides. I hear ten swats to mom's ass. Oh shit! Yup, I too get ten swats on my ass and it is now getting sore.
John scolds us, "This will be a long few days if you two can't behave yourselves. Next time you go to your room!" He catches himself. He giggles. "Ok, next time I pull the nipples with my strength."
Both mom and I shudder at that thought. It was bad enough that mom caused pain. I can't imagine what John could do to me. After our fun I just massage her breasts and move to kitty lapping. Caught in the moment, I get the idea for a tornado.
I stop lapping on mom. I use my hands to pull her outer lips wide out, so it forms a "O". I then take a wide tongue and start a slow big "O" around her lips. After two rounds, I do the next two faster. The next two are even faster and I slide farther inside her pussy. Two more faster "O's" and then slightly further in for two more even faster. My tongue is fast as it goes around and around. I can't go any faster, so I slowly start going deeper inside of mom.
When my tongue can't reach any further inside, I stick two fingers inside of mom. I now run these around in circles. Faster and faster they go. Then deeper and deeper they go. Mom has me near orgasm, but I want to finish her off. It doesn't take long and my whole fist is inside of mom. When my orgasm begins, I open my hand as much as possible. That threw mom into an orgasm. I feel her vagina clamp down on my hand. I think how cool, that must be what it feels like to a cock. That was a fleeting thought as I enjoy my orgasm. Mom has fallen to the side and I see John looking down at us. He has a smirk on his face.
John has no idea what I did. Mom is asking me, "What did you do to me? That was a wild crazy ride. I have never even heard of that one before."
John is looking at me like he is expecting me to answer mom. After I catch my breath, I explain to them both what my intentions were. A tornado starts as a slow circular effect. When it gets enough energy, it reaches down to the earth. Hence, I call my action a tornado.
After we are all rested, we dress, put on our backpacks, and we continue down the trail with breasts flopping as we take each step. At noon, we stop to eat another MRE. An MRE is a lot of calories but with us hiking, we are using a lot of calories. Add in the frequent sex and we are running negative each day. John has already taken that into account. Dinner is two MREs. We are heading to another camp site tonight. John says we will arrive at about sundown.
About an hour from sundown, John gives us instructions, "Ok, ladies. There may be people at this camp site. We are heading south, and they are going west. Pants stay on, but shirts come off. Now."
We both stood still with mouths agape. My mind is frozen with fear. People might see me topless. My boobs will be flopping around, and they will be drooling over us. Will he strip us? Will he share us? While frozen with fear, I am thrown to the ground and my pants are taken off. OH SHIT! I got eight spanks on my ass cheeks and two across my pussy. The last two hurt like hell. As I am on the ground still with my pants around my ankles, I hear mom get eight and two.
I got to give him credit for treating us equally. I hate him now, but I love the way he is treating us. My pussy is flooded. I can't wait until the men see us although it will be very embarrassing. Both mom and I have taken our shirts off and put them in our bags. About twenty minutes out, we can see lights at what I assume is the camp site. They have a roaring fire going already.
Being nervous as we walk closer, what I really want to know is how far are they allowed to go with us.
Being careful of what I ask, I ask John, "What are your instructions once we get to the camp site?"
John gives me an enlightening answer, "We will put up the tent." Damn glad I got that answer! No shit Sherlock. I don't want to question him or his intentions.
Mom dared ask, "And then? How far do you want us to go with them?"
Holy shit, "She did it, she questioned his motives."
John ask me specifically, "Do you want to know as well?"
Oh fuck, how do I answer that?
I answer tentatively, "I am curious if you are going to allow them to use us like you have. However, I think that would be questioning your motives and I am not willing to go that far."
John laughs at my answer, "Afraid of a spanking?" I bashfully nod my head yes. "Fair enough. Then only mom gets to know the answer."
Fuck, I really want to know! John goes over to mom. He whispers in her ear. While he is doing that, she sticks her tongue out at me. Her eyes go wide. Then John takes off her pants and panties. She is naked save for a pair of hiking boots and a pair of socks.
John says, "Mom knows the answer now, but she questioned my authority. I will not allow that. I can't have men see that she was spanked so she loses her clothes.
Fuck that bastard! On the positive side, I have my pants on. Serves mom right for questioning him. Did she do that on purpose? Hmmmm. Maybe she is smarter than me.
Chapter 13 - Camping with Friends
As we approach the camp site, there is silence. All the men are staring at us walking up to the camp site.
John asks, "May we share your fire, water, and surrounding space for a tent?"
One of the big guys steps forward and says, "Well, that depends. What do you have to offer? Not saying we will ask but just for the sake of argument."
Oh FUCK! They are going to rape us and kill John! OH FUCK! OH FUCK! My legs are wobbling. I may fall at any moment.
John is as cool as frozen cucumber as he says, "Well Trent." How the hell does he know this guys name? He flips open his wallet, flashing his Park Ranger badge. It looks very similar to a police badge. "I happen to look up who was coming this way and researched each of you. All your files are sitting on my boss's desk. If I don't check in with the nearby Ranger Station tomorrow, he will be calling the National Guard to hunt each of you down. My boss likes me. He personally flew me out here in the park helicopter. Would you like to try asking me nicely again?"
Chuck spoke up, "Trent, you drunk ass bum, sit down. I am sorry for his behavior. We have been on the trail for a week and you walk up with a naked and topless woman. Of course, we will share our fire, it's the friendly thing to do. Water and grass are community property, we won't stop you from taking all you need. We made a peach cobbler in the Dutch oven, we have plenty to share. We have a shower that we set up. Water is heating up now. We would be more than willing to help each of you enjoy a shower if you like. Afraid we have no curtain though."
You have got to be kidding. They haul a heavy Dutch and the makings for a shower with them for a week, what kind of people are these guys? There is no doubt in my mind, we are taking showers tonight. John will not pass up on that opportunity.
John speaks for us, "Yes, both sound quite pleasant. To save water, I will shower with my wife. We need to set up our tent and then a shower followed by some peach cobber sounds wonderful. We will do a comedy routine for you and lead a sing along if time permits. No touching my wife. My mother is her own person. If she touches you, you may touch her. When she says no, you better not move a muscle, or I will have to call in the park service to take your body home. Because I track and kill poachers, I have trained with the military. I am not a person you want to fuck with."
I have never seen John so serious in my life. I had no idea he was capable of that display. We quickly set up the tent and I am stripped by John. He has on boxers. I bet he wants to put on a show. Men! I am sure my legs are glistening because of the fluids running down my legs. I am so fucking horny right now. I need John to fuck me.
Being naked in front of these men as they leer at me is both frightening and thrilling. I have goosepimples and my nipples are as hard as I can ever remember. They all look at me like I am a piece of meat to be used. The shower is set up and ready to go. Four guys will assist with the hot and cold water. John has mom and me, walk hand in hand with him to the shower.
As we step up to the shower, John commands us, "On your knees." Immediately we both go to our knees in shock. "Since you are going to assist us, how about these nice two naked women blow you four. Mom pick the two you want. My wife will take the other two. They will blow you or you can face fuck them. They both will swallow."
I stare up in disbelief. John is sharing us with other men? I never would have imagined that he would do that. Would he do this to Sara? Mom pointed at two men. They are all about the same age and all have average cocks. I think she just picked the two that were closest to her. The first man wanted a blowjob. I sucked him off just like I do John. I use my tongue under the helmet, my hands twist the shaft. I can only use one at a time. I bob my head up and down and after a while I add suction. My breasts are moving around as I am bobbing. I am sure it is an awesome show for all
With all that I was doing to him, he didn't last long. These guys are probably in their 40's, not a lot of cum. He was very appreciative and bragged to the other guys how special I was. The next guy held my head, I opened my mouth, and he did all the work. He took his time sliding in and out. Smart man. I closed my lips around his cock and used light suction. He blew in two minutes. Mom is already done.
I swallow the cum and lick my chops. Both men were surprisingly tasty. Some men are sour, I got lucky. John reaches out his hand for me to help me up. We walk in for a shower first. John is rock hard. I stand between him and the shower. I turn him around, so he is facing the guys, I push him forward, so he bends at the waist. I squat and pull down his boxers. He springs forward and then stands up. We hear a gasp from the men.
I pull John playfully into the shower. Before we start, John asks for a few minutes. He is on his knees before me. He works his fingers into my slit and pulls them into a circle. I am so hot now. He starts licking around the entire "O" twice before speeding up. Oh fuck, he is performing a tornado on me! How the hell will he get his hand into my pussy? He will destroy me. He quickly gets to the point of adding the hand into my vagina.
John stops, looks me in the eyes, then puts five fingers into me as he smiles. OH FUCK! He plans to fist me with that huge hand! OH FUCK NO! John can see that I am turning white in fear. He quickly stands up, pushes mom in front of me and helps her put her hand into me. All the while he is explaining to the guys what he had done and what mom is doing to me. I am so fucking horny now.
John goes around me and starts licking my ass. Mom's entire hand has slipped into me. I can feel her using her arm to go around in a circle. Between that and John, I am on the edge of a massive explosion. MOM OPENS HER HAND! BOOOOOOM!
I freaking lost it. I squirted mom, farted on John, and then collapsed on mom. John quickly picked me up while I continued my orgasm. It was a rush having all those men watch me naked, being eaten by John, and then having the hand in me. My body is still orgasming, yet I can feel it. I can't move but I can feel my body and that John is holding me.
As I gain the ability to stand, the water starts.
John yells out, "I am going to be busy here for a while, can one of you wash my wife?"
What the hell?
John pushes me forward, so I bend at the waist. My hands go to my knees again. I hear John say, "Good girl."
He shoves his meat into me and starts fucking me good. Not fast but not slow motion either. The hot water is our timer. Three guys step up to "clean" me off. One wants a blow job, but he gets a hand job, too much force from behind by John. It's for his own health, I would end up biting his cock off. All three have small towels. All three wash my breasts. I am not going to last long. Trent has lust in his eyes. He is scaring me.
He takes a running start towards us. Three of his buddies try to stop him. They can't, he is full of lust. They do slow him down. At five feet away, I hear John scream as he pulls out of me. He slips around so he is between me and Trent. Trent is pulling back a fist to hit John and John stands his ground. The guy puts all his weight into his punch and hits John in the gut.
John is unmoving.
He says to Trent, "Poor decision making in the field is a common mistake for people that end up dead."
Trent looks scared now. John throws a quick punch to his jaw that sends him backwards and straight to the ground. None of his friends broke his fall. He is out cold. Quickly John is back inside of me and pumping even harder. The helpers are now cleaning my breasts again, happily squeezing my breasts and nipples. I can't take it anymore. I explode and fall limp. The men catch me and are holding me up.
John instructs the men, "Hold her up please. This is her most likely week to get pregnant. Her co-workers have been tracking her... time. Hold her up so I can finish. Then we will lay her on the grass on her back. We don't want to lose any of my baby batter."
John got distracted and didn't walk into a camp of a dozen men topless. I did and am horny as fuck. He is at his maximum speed fucking me. It won't be long. Sure enough, I feel that wonderful feeling in me and I orgasm again. This one was small but fun because it came so close to the last one.
I am completely worn out. What a day. I am laying in the grass and John is cuddling up with me.
John calls mom over and in a soft voice he says to her, "Captain Ron gave me orders to get you laid as often as you can stand it whether it be from me or a dozen strangers. Well, as luck would have it..." He smiles. "Honestly, he wants you to be satisfied so you don't leave him. He will be out next week so you two get plenty of personal time. Until then I was to have my way with you and get as many others as I could talk you into. Be as slutty as you want. I am taking Lisa to bed. I will fuck her twice more tonight. You are on your own. Sleep with us or them, either way, I love you mom."
He kissed her and then picked me up. I am being carried to our tent while some guy bangs mom and all the others save a passed-out Trent, are groping mom. I think we will both have a good night.
Chapter 14 - Wednesday
The sun is coming up and we are alone. The other group has picked up and moved out. Mom is snuggled up behind John. He is holding me tight in his arms. He has a manly smell. His large hands are cupping my beasts which feels divine. I am in a small cave that is formed by his body as it's smothering me with his love. I could stay here all day. However, with the crack of dawn comes a gentle moving from behind me.
His cock has been hard since I woke up. It is wedged between my butt cheeks. No movement, just a large hot object that is rubbing against my lips as I gently rock back and forth. He will be up soon. I use my free hand to work down his cock, so it is at my entrance. I am still naked, no need for panties. He woke me up last night and fucked me good each time. Nothing special, just a good hard fucking. It seems he is trying to screw me every three hours. I am not complaining. This has been a glorious few days and my odds are good for getting pregnant if John was telling the truth.
I work with almost all women. We can tell when the bad week comes for each of us. They could easily track my cycle and report back to John. Dana and John are still great friends. Deep down, I think she misses him. I love Dana, she is an awesome boss and she has been spectacular with us. I don't talk about John around her, I think it causes her pain.
OK, his shaft is at my entrance. I moved very slowly to get in position. Now I will push back and impale myself on his sweet cock. Very slowly, I push back. Further. Further. I am about half way. He moved. I freeze. He palms my breasts harder and then relaxes again. Fuck I am horny again. I keep pushing back.
He twitches. Shit, he is waking up. His head is moving. I use both feet and push against the floor to fully impale myself on John's cock. He is now awake, and I hear him grind his teeth. Uh oh. He is mad. Both hands grasp my breasts and squeeze hard causing me to squeak out a cry. He pushes us forward so there is space between John and mom. What is he doing?
While his hands are still gripping my breasts hard, he rolls me and himself onto his back. He takes my hands and puts them behind his head. I hold on to his head. Why? Bad question, I soon get my answer. He gave himself a body job. With a hand job, I use my hand. A blowjob, I use my mouth. When he does a body job, he places his hands on my hips and lifts my hips off his cock. Then he thrusts my body onto his cock followed by pushing me off his cock. My hands on his head keep me in position.
It is an incredible feat of strength. It is an absurd thing to imagine in your mind. It is new and fresh. It is amazing. And then my back got sore. My body got sore. My arms and legs got sore because of the jerking motion. Men roll their hips, so the motion is fluid. I am a rag doll being tossed in the air, stop in an instant stretching all my ligaments, and then crash down back on his hard body. Immediately I have tears running down my face and he freezes. I am softly and gently brought back down to his body.
Now the flood gates turn on and I am crying my eyes out.
Mom is staring at me, she looks confused as she says, "What's the matter with you? That looked like a ton of fun."
After a minute my crying calmed down and I explain, "You have seen that movie where the Hulk slams that man on the ground over and over. That is what it felt like. However, I am crying because I didn't even have to say anything, and he stopped. I know this trip is John dominating us. But when my health was in question, that was more important to him than getting his rocks off." Now crying again. "He loves me more than sex."
I fall on John crying. My tears rolling down my face. John kisses me.
He questions me, "Do you doubt my love for you? I switched jobs, gave up a dozen women, and endured a cruise with two lesbians that resented my existence and a mother that wished I was never born and who later tried to rectify my condition of breathing."
I am mad now, "Hey, of course I doubt you. Sara has it much better than I do. She is married to you and she sleeps with you at night. I rent you three nights a week and then you run back to your wife. Every day I wait for you two to tell me to move on. You have no need for me anymore."
John tries to confront me, but I slap his hands away and tell him, "Stay away from me!" I grab my panties and rush out the tent. I never saw a hand but somehow the tent door opened and an MRE is tossed out the door. Scrambled eggs, sausage, coffee, orange juice, a few cookies, a breakfast bar, and a Hershey's chocolate bar. Mmmmmm, I love chocolate. My shirt, pants, shoes, and socks come next. Swell, still no bra. I walk far away from the tent and sit on a large rock 100 feet past the water.
I sit on the rock with my back to the tent. I still feel mad and sad. Partially I am mad at myself for saying anything. I don't want to give them more reason to kick me out. I sure screwed up today. That was my anger talking and not my clear-headed self. Still, it is interesting at how he viewed me and Sara. He was wrong, I never hated him. With mom around, it was easier for me to ignore John than to still speak with John and deal with mom.
I guess I can see his point. To him, we both abandoned him. That must have been hard to deal with. I can't imagine having to give up your very own mother and sister and be forced to live with two people that never had children. They never wanted any. I think he changed them, and they turned out to be wonderful parents. Oh my, I am a terrible person.
I hear footsteps behind me. Mom walks up on me and sits at my side with her MRE.
She tells me, "John is cleaning up the firepit, taking care of the tent, and packing our backpacks. You will need sunscreen again today. I am betting you are having a hard time dealing with John's comments, huh? It could be worse you know?" I give her a blank look. "It could have been you that said what I said and tried to kill him."
I am astonished at her, "Um, that doesn't help at all. After what you did, legally you could not talk to him. I did it by choice."
Mom has no words to comfort me.
John walks by us, drops our packs, and he continues walking south again. He doesn't stop. Break over. We pick up our pack and follow John. He is about 100 yards ahead of us. I have been carrying this God damn back pack for two days now. I hate it. Each day, they get lighter as we eat the food. Today, it is considerably lighter.
Mom asks me as we walk, "Is your pack lighter?"
I sigh, "You too huh?"
Mom smiles, "He sure is a unique man. None of us, including Sara are worthy of him. Why does he bother with us?"
I answer, "He still loves us. You knew the answer though. You asked me, so I would say it out loud, and know it is true. You sure are getting sneaky in your old age."
We walk about three more hours with John in front. Soon he will be stopping for lunch. For the last forty-five minutes we have been walking on the edge of a large copse of trees. Mom and I see a large black bear charge John from his left. The bear is behind him, unseen. We scream, and he turns around. The bear is charging him still and he stands stationary. As the bear nears, John starts shouting and raising his arms to make him look taller. The bear slows down but is still moving forward.
John surprises both of us by running at the bear. What the hell is he thinking? At the last moment, he kicks out at a right angle and the bear misses him. John kept running. The bear follows. John does the same thing. Again, the bear misses. John is very nimble; the big fat bear is not. Yet each pass the bear gets closer. Finally, the bear is quick enough, and his paw strikes John in the chest. His body immediately stops and is pushed back. He is thrown several feet away. He doesn't move. He looks dead. The bear is curious and is cautiously walking towards John.
Mom and I freak out at seeing this. The bear is going to kill John. I change the bear. Mom quickly follows. I am emitting a low guttural scream that pauses the bear. Mom lets out a haunting scream. We continue running at the bear. He takes a few steps towards us. We never falter. The bear does, he chickens out and runs away. Damn glad he did, because I had no plan B. Part of our trip planning was a long discussion about bears. I knew that noise and looking big is a way to scare them away.
I guess two crazy women in bright red backpacks screaming and hollering could be kind of scary to an animal that spends most of his time alone in the quiet forest.
We both run up to John crying. Is he alive? I quickly revert to a fully trained RN. Check vitals and stabilize. I see some gashes in his sides. I take off my shirt and push it into the bleeding. It isn't deep but there is enough to concern me. I put mom to work, she holds my shirt to the wound. I check over the rest of his body and find a bump on his head. He is out cold and may be for a while. I put his feet up a little to prevent shock. I push on his ribs and don't get a flinch from pain. I trace each one and don't find anything loose. Overall, I am feeling pretty good. I remove Johns pack and search for the first aid kit. It is surprisingly good and has thread and needles, so I can stich him up. There is an anti-bacterial cleaner, gauze, tape, band aids, and sanitizers. The best I can give him is Tylenol for pain.
I used too much water to clean the wound, stitch him up, and rinse so I could see. We are short on water now. I get two noise makers from John's backpack. Mom gives me an unusual look.
I explain, "There are noise makers. I will use one before I get to those trees and a second if I see a bear. The first one should keep the bear away. When we were packing up, we went over the use of everything in the backpack as we cataloged it and then packed it. John is very thorough about stuff like that. We need a fire for tonight. One, it is a beacon. Two, we need the heat. Three, it will keep animals away. Any questions?"
Mom sticks out her hand to me, "Give me the hand ax." I don't. "I know how to cut wood. You can save my life if I get attacked, I can't save you. I also need you watching over John. Again, I can't help him. I am expendable. Give me the damn ax."
I hand over the ax and I show mom how to use a noise maker. Pull pin and throw. Yup, rocket science. Mom is handy with the ax. She picked a small tree and dragged it to us and then cut it up. She cut down four more trees. We have a nice pile of woods.
I hand mom an empty back pack, "We need green leaves, grass, and green sticks. These will produce white smoke. Then I want dead leaves, those will make black smoke. I think. We need more wood as well. Tonight's fires will be larger.
Mom continued cutting wood until it is almost dark out. I set up the tent. John is still out. He is no help. I am glad, we don't have enough pain killer for him. He is better off unconscious. Although too long and that gets me scared as well. It could mean a serious brain injury. If I wasn't so scared, I would be worried. I know that tonight we were expected to be at a ranger station. When we don't check in, they will know something is wrong. John gave several key people his plan, they should have a good idea about where we are. I just don't know if they will show up in a few hours or two days from now.
I do know that the best thing we can do is stay put. The first mistake people make is leaving the site of the problem. That just delays the rescuers. I do know that the fire can be seen from far away and we had a fire going for close to six hours. All we can do is feed the fire and wait.
We have the tent up, but we stay near John and cuddle with him. There is plenty of heat between us three and the fire. Mom and I take turns stoking the fire to keep it bright. We talk all night about the last two years and the fun that mom has on board the ship. She really does love Ron and her unofficial job.
It's about 4:00 AM when we hear an unnatural noise filling the valley. In the far distance I can see a series of bright search lights. They look like dangling flashlights. All five lights start pointing at us. I can't describe the utter thrill of seeing those lights. They sent five helicopters for us. They only own four helicopters. They were spaced wide but now, they are all on an intercept course for us. My heart is beating hard.
Dana is the first one off the helicopter and runs hard to us. She runs into me with enough force to push me back. On seeing John on the ground, she falls to the ground crying and holding him. Paramedics are next with a gurney. I explain what I know, what I did, and what I suspect. The fifth helicopter is the hospital's life flight. It is well equipped and one of the men is a doctor from the hospital. It's Dana's husband Frank, he is an ER doctor.
Dana and her husband Frank take John and quickly take off.
Bill, John's boss embraces us and orders us to come with him. We will go straight to the hospital. The other people will clean up the camp site, put out the fire, and gather our effects. They are all friends of John, I have no worries.
I gather the men before I leave, "John had a fight with a bear. As you see he lost protecting us. His side got torn up. That pissed us off and we scared the bear away. He has a lump on his head and never regained conscientiousness. We have no idea how bad it is. When we know more, I will make sure you all find out. Thank you, for coming for us."
Bill grabs me and guides me to the awaiting helicopter. We are quickly in the air and on the way to the hospital, less than ten minutes behind John.
Chapter 15 - A New Set of Rules
The helicopter is practically a mini emergency room. With Dana and her husband, John is in great care. When we land, a group is waiting for us. They tell me everything I would be telling another family. It is all waiting for a while. Mom and I must look like hell from the day we have been through and the long hours.
Sara grabs our hands and brings us to the executive offices. The hospital administrator tells us how they will do everything they can. John is under observation and they will run tests. Mom and I am being confined to room 1302 on the floor that we work on. No interruptions for twelve hours unless there is news. If there is news, we will be woken up immediately.
We don't fight. There are two hospital beds in the room. We climb up together in a single bed and mom holds me while I cry myself to sleep.
+++++
Ten hours later, we are woken up, John is awake. We start rushing to the ER. Security stops us, we are running the wrong way. Now we rush to the ICU. We both approach cautiously. John is sitting up in bed, he looks a little unsure of the room. On seeing us, I see him visibly relax. There are four nurses helping him get settled in. He arrived minutes before we did. Sara is standing in the corner. I find out that a neighbor is home with the baby so she could be here.
Sara wants to boss everyone around. Up here, they don't listen to her. John has no memory of yesterday right now. They expect it will come back soon enough. My stitching was good, but they reopened them so they could clean the wound better. The ER doc used much smaller stitches. He did nice work. John looks tired, they have him on pain killers.
Sara wants the details. We gather Dana, her husband, and Bill. I only want to tell this story once. These people are close enough to us that I start at the beginning and give them the entire story. Everyone is blown away. Sara was the one person that seemed like she expected some of it, but I suspected that. No way she doesn't approve of our trip and the way he handled it. Hell, it was probably her idea.
Bill summed up the whole story in a few words, "That is one lucky bastard." Bill is a lot like John, his hugs test your rib cages for strength. He gave me a long hug, thanked me for the full story. Effective immediately, he is working from home for the next three months.
As Bill is leaving, he says to us, "I love that boy like my own son. I am glad he has all of you in his life. You saved his life out there. Your actions were perfect. People much more experienced have died in the same situation. Personally, I think you are crazy as hell for rushing a black bear, but I guess that bear has seen enough mama bears protecting their children to know his life was endangered. He made the correct decision. I will stop by after a few days to check up on the boy. If you need ANYTHING, just let me know. The guys back at the station wish him well. Good bye my friends."
+++++
A few days later and we are back home. John is laying out on the couch watching TV when the door bell rings. Mom gets up and runs to the door. She jumps in Captain Ron's arms and he twirls her around.
Ron asks, "Where is the slacker? Had it been a real fish like a whale, then I could understand but geez, how embarrassing. He gets taken out by a teddy bear." With dramatic effect, "Oh the shame."
John yells out, "You need to come camping with us."
Ron responds with a laugh, "I heard from your mother every detail of your camping trip. I must say, some parts are mighty nice. Yet, some parts are not so nice. I think I will stick with a boat big enough to run over a whale. I like fine dining with beautiful women rather than eating an MRE and sleeping on the ground. No way you get me out there."
Mom looks to be very distracted, Ron ignores her. Ron is the center of attention and is loving telling the stories of John and him. Mom is fuming. She grabs him by the pants belt and starts to drag him away from his favorite employee. He puts up a show of being dragged kicking and screaming all the way up to mom's room.
That leaves me, John, Sara, and Dana in the room. Dana's husband is on a 24-hour ER shift.
John stands up and we all follow him to the kitchen. He is shaking but stands on his own as he gets a glass of water. We are all watching. He gives us his devilish grin.
John says to me, "Do you remember your training from this week." He claps his hands together for effect. "Strip and I want you on your knees in front of me looking up."
Dana and Sara say, "John, what the hell is the matter with you?"
Why they are asking, I slip off my shirt. Dana and Sara are watching me. I blush, I am embarrassed. However, I certainly don't want him exerting himself to spank me. That was most certainly his threat. My pants and panties are off. My face is red, but my pussy is a furnace. It won't take much to set me off. John is leering at me with lust. I descend on his cock. I see a huge sigh of relief on his face. I use more tongue than normal. He loves that part.
Next is my two hands on his cock. This time I change it up. I use one hand to hold his balls and fondle them gently. Then with no bobbing of the head, I use strong suction. Normally I use light sucking with the bobbing. I see John nod his head. Dana has her hands all over my breasts. She is gentle, no pain. Light squeezing is all she does. Sara is a nasty bitch. She gets up my ass and begins a rim job. I say begin because it takes Sara ten minutes to do a complete rim job. She is fucking awesome.
Now I add some slow bobbing and I attempt deep throating. I am getting closer but not there yet. I feel John is close and holding out on me. I know I love humming on my clit, so I put my tongue under his helmet and start humming a song he likes, my tongue being the flesh that transfers the vibrations to his cock. Zero warning. I get an immediate explosion of cum in my mouth. Oh how I love his taste. I forget to count how many I got. It was quite the load.
John says to Dana, "If you strip for me, Lisa will give you a tornado." She cocks her head, she doesn't understand. "Lisa came up with a new technique to please women. Sara, I need you to turn around or go check on the baby. I don't want to ruin the experience for you. Knowing what happens ruins the effect a bit."
Sara went to check on the baby. I move to a now naked Dana and press my lips to Dana's slot and gave it a kiss. Dana moaned. I take a finger from each hand and pull her outer lips open, so it closely resembles an "O". Dana looks down at me confused. She is clueless about my intentions. I start the slow licking of her lips in the big "O".
John says to Dana, "This is to thank you for helping save my life. I know Lisa did most of it, but you and your husband had a hand helping me through a tough time. Plus, Lisa gets super horny when I treat her like this. Can you imagine what it would be like for me to order you around and strip you in front of others?"
Dana orgasms hard which causes me no end of issues. I was building her up and the dork kicks her off the cliff. Oh well, time to start over. While Dana is on her back, legs splayed out, I once again start lapping at her lips in a big "O" motion. Dana is quivering. I speed up while I do two more rounds.
John adds, "That tongue is starting the rotation of the storm."
I speed up and do two more rounds of "O". Now I stick my tongue further in and continue two more rounds. Dana is withering on the floor. She isn't even on her arms or sitting up, she is flat out on the ground. She is loving this. I probe deeper again and follow up with two more rounds of big "O's". Then deeper and two more rounds with my tongue.
John continues, "The storm is raging, the tornado is picking up speed. Like a tornado, it is reaching to the bottom, earth."
I am going much faster now. To increase the fun, I do more than two circles round the cunt, but I am still thrusting my tongue deeper until I run out. I pause as I pull my head away and start slipping in fingers.
John adds more commentary, "The eye of the storm just flew by, now it is calm. Now the worst of the storm is on the way and it will literally reach down and touch your core."
Dana is breathing hard, her face is red, her foot is bent and stomping on the floor. She is long past sweating; her body is wet. Her hair is damp and darker from the moisture. The moans are non-stop, she is randomly shouting. She is going to blow soon.
I have four fingers in and they are going around her slot. The fifth slips in and it dings her clit on the way. Dana's eyes explode wide open. I am all in. My fingers are straight, trying to keep my hand as small as possible so I can move it around still. I stop, look at John.
John says, "BOOM!" as my hand is about to open inside of her vagina. "The thunder is loud and the tornado hits ground." My hand goes out wide inside of my friend. Her body stops moving as she screams a guttural earth moving scream that is low, long, and loud. She held the scream much longer than I would have thought possible. She is awake, and her eyes are moving, but the rest of her body is limp. She can't move. Fluids are dripping on the floor.
Sara came into the room and hands us a towel.
Sara smiles, "I heard the storm brewing upstairs and figured some rain would pour. Vicky is fine. Your mom and Ron I think died in a sex cocoon. There is no sign of life between the two of them. Dinner will be late. What did you do to her?"
John snickers, "Lisa whipped her pussy into a storm."
Sara and I groan. Dana still isn't moving but she now has a wonderful smile on her face.
With a concern on his face and voice, John says, "You may need to spend a day or two here until that smile on your face goes away."
Dana answers, "My husband knows what can happen here. He knows you will work me up and I will be horny when I get home. I will attack him, and we will have great sex. He is a nice man, thankfully the sex is great."
Damn, what a way to live, not loving your husband. Of course, at least she has a husband. I wonder which of us is better off?
Dana and I put our clothes back on. John takes a pain pill and falls asleep on the couch.
We retreat to the kitchen. I want to talk with Dana. Better to let John sleep.
I curiously ask Dana, "You didn't exactly give your husband a ringing endorsement a while ago. What's wrong baby?"
Dana shrugs her shoulders, "We are both married to our careers. We both work awkward hours. He is a good man with skill in bed. He isn't John though. I didn't realize how much that man affects me. But three-way sharing wasn't enough for me when I lived here."
I don't like this idea, but I suggest it, "How about five way sharing, three women and two men?"
Sara shoots me down, "No way John shares us. He is way too protective. He all but said if any of us stray, they would be dead to him. That is when we were all together."
I inquire, "But tonight he included Dana."
Sara shakes her head no, "He used you and you played with Dana, he never touched her. He loves Dana and is happy for her. However, if she is married or dating a guy, he won't touch her. It's the way he is. He is the same way with himself. Now that it's just me and Lisa, he doesn't have eyes for other women. I suggested bringing Dana back for special occasions for him. He was adamant, no way. I saw the tear in his eye and never mentioned it again."
I am thinking as I am saying it out loud, "John fucked his mom. She is married."
Sara shoots me down again, "Ron begged him to do it. He has a physical condition that affects his performance. He isn't dead, he proved that upstairs but it's less often, less special, and shorter. It hurt John, but he agreed. I saw the anguish in his eyes. From your story, he only took her once. He said he would do it twice to keep his word. That was then a dead subject, he did not want to discuss it again."
I look at Dana. I lean forward and softly kiss her lips.
I whisper, "At least you still have me. Sara went straight on us." Now a look of understanding hits Dana.
+++++
I hear John in the living room, he is ordering us pizzas. I also hear mom and Ron shuffling down the hallway. Mom is helping Ron walk. As we can see him, he lets go of mom.
Mom laughs at him, "He is stiff in the mornings. I need to walk him a bit and then he is fine. For the next two years, we are training a new captain. Then it's retirement for the old man. We can take the children out sail boating. Of course, we need a few more for a full crew." She winks at me.
I explain John ordered some pizzas. Probably another twenty minutes. I see John light up, he just got an idea. He is glaring at me with lust. Oh shit, not in front of Ron! Please no! I give him my pleading look.
John stands up and slowly walks up to where I am sitting on the couch. He offers his hand to me. I accept his hand and he pulls me up. He walks me over to the end of the couch that Dana is sitting on. What are we doing?
John looks me in the eyes, he smiles big. I know that smile.
I only say, "Please," sheepishly. I am begging him with my facial expression.
His smile fades. He is no longer happy with me. I know what he wants. I know he wants to humiliate me in front of my mother and my friends. I have tears in my eyes as I start removing my shirt. His smile is back. I am doing exactly what he wants. Is he doing this to embarrass me? Does he want me to leave like Dana did? Is he bored with me? Does he no longer find me attractive? I don't wear a bra at home. I am now removing my shorts and the panties will be next. I am horny as fuck.
I am willing to do anything at this moment. He can do anything he wants to me. I have proved that, I stripped in front of family and friends. Is there anything more depraved? As my panties slide down my legs, my tears have stopped. I am horny but sad at the same time. He may be getting rid of me. He is humiliating me so that I will leave him from my embarrassment. This way he won't be the bad guy because it is me that leaves.
John pushes me forward, I fall over the armrest of the couch and into Dana's lap. She put out her hands to catch me and got a handful of breasts. She is massaging my breasts. As I look up with my teary eyes, I see Sara is sitting in her chair with her legs closed. She has her arms straight down, holding herself up. She has lust in her eyes. She looks to be in pain as well. Why is she in pain?
I see lust and longing in her eyes. My eyes bulge out of my head as John slams his cock into my cunt. I am on fire. I am a dirty girl that isn't worth his time. He is just using me one last time before I am forced to leave. That's why mom is here, so I can go back with her. Dana will take my place. Damn, that bitch Dana is pinching my nipples. That feels... WONDEFUL! That awesome cock is digging a hole in my pussy. This is a hell of a lot of fun. I can't help but stop crying and smile at the pleasure I am receiving.
Now Sara is in pain. She is envious of me. She wants to trade places. What the hell is the matter with her, she is his wife. She gets him almost every night that mother fucking bitch. All I get is three nights a week and then a warm shower. Still, I bet Dana would rather have this than her current husband. John pulls my hair back which forces me to push my chest out and arch my back. Now my tits are clearly on display. I have a river running down my leg. Everyone can see and smell it.
I would be embarrassed but this is so damn good. My nipples are on fire and my pussy is being slammed good. I am building for my orgasm. The mother fucking doorbell rings. John spins me around and pushes me down. He shoots seven ropes of cum onto my face and tits. He then hands me $40.
John is looking down at me and says in a clear loud and authoritative voice, "Answer the door slut!"
I shout back, "I have cum on my face!"
The doorbell rings again. I am turned around, bent over, and five quick spanks are administered. I run to the door naked. Not even socks on. My chest is still wobbling as I open the door to a sexy twentyish year-old woman. Bright blue eyes, thin narrow jaw, big rack and long legs. She is a knock out. She is also in shock with her hand over her mouth as she is looking at me head to foot.
The entire family is watching me answer the door which is still open! The girl walks in, closes the door.
She dares instruct me, "Hands over head, palms up." What the hell, I comply.
She places the pizzas on my hands. She then embraces my head with her hands as she proceeds to lick all the cum off my face. She looks up at me with her baby blue eyes and then bends her knees, causing her body to lower, so she can suck the cum from my breasts. While she is licking my face and breasts, one of her hands is deftly fingering my pussy and tickling my clit. I am going to orgasm soon.
Before I orgasm, she stops! What a bitch! She bends down and pick up the money from the floor. She puts the four dollars change in my mouth and then walks out. Before she does, she stops and turns around. She rushes to me and presses her lips to my snatch and quickly is licking me to my orgasm. I fall to the floor. Fortunately, John saw my situation and saved the pizza. The girl gives me a sensual kiss, light lips almost not touching.
She whispers to me, "You are a great sport. John told me exactly what to do. I came in here with my pussy dripping. I saw you and orgasmed. I will let myself out."
She stood up, thrust out her chest, waved at John, and then left without another word. What the hell John!
John helps me up with one hand, he has the pizzas in the other. I put my clothes back on before joining the others. Everyone has a slice of pizza in hand but Sara. She is steaming mad at John. I have never seen her this mad.
John smiles as he begins his story, "I work throughout the forest. I caught some kids doing dope and breaking bottles in the campground. Of the five, four of them had an attitude and told me to fuck off. I handcuff them, and my buddies took them to jail. That girl apologized and started to cry. I never said a word. I took her home to her parents. Eleven at night and neither parent is home. I see this all too often.
"I tell her, you have a choice. You can either show up at the ranger station every day after school and I will help you out. OR. I will leave you here and within a few years I will be arresting you again and you will go to jail."
John smiles, "The girl just walked into her house. I thought she was done, never see her again. A week later the kid shows up at the ranger station. I give her some work to do. She files reports, reviews my brochures and training materials. Sometimes we clean up camp sites. I take her home. She has no money, no food in the house, and no parents around. I take her out for pizza. They are hiring. I show my badge and tell them she needs a job, she has no vehicle. Troubled kid but appears to want a change in her life."
Now John has a tear in his eye, "That car she drove here in is her own. She is a senior in college, full scholarship. She delivers pizza still over the summer. She wanted me bad. I am married. Today, I gave both Heather (that girl) and Lisa a gift."
Mom isn't amused, "You say that was a gift you gave Lisa? You have made her into your slut."
Captain Ron smiles at my mom, "How about eating your pizza naked?"
Mom looks stunned and scared. She doesn't move.
Ron says to John, "You didn't train this one very well."
I see John shoot mom an intense look. Mom cast her eyes down and then stands up. Slowly she pulls her shirt over her head. The baby cries and Dana runs upstairs. Within a few minutes, she is downstairs. She gets a bottle and sits down to watch the end of the show.
Mom wiggles her hips; her breasts wobble a bunch. It's a lewd show. I loved it. She shifts her hips to a side while shifting her pants down on the other side. Inch by inch she swivels her hips and the pants drop. She rips her panties off, ruining the garment. She is breathing hard. The bitch is turned on. Once naked, mom sits down and cuddles with Ron and a slice of pizza.
Ron starts his story bashfully, "You are one wild bunch of people. My story is a bit sad. My health is failing. My ability to satisfy my wife is decreasing. She is still a beautiful and sexy woman. She has needs. As a married woman, she is 100% faithful to me and I have no doubt she won't cheat on me until I am dead."
Now he has a smile on his face, "You should have heard John bitching at me. My plan was for John to turn his own mother into a slut. I could still enjoy things with her but allow her to do things that make her happy and able to live with herself. With this training, she has no choice. She must do all the dirty and wicked things that my brain can come up with. My body might be fading, but my mind is still sharp as John's knife. WE will enjoy a whole new level of fun on ship and in life thanks to all of you."
I see Sara in John's arms. She looks sad.
I scold Sara, "Hey bitch, you won at life. You have the world's best man. You get great sex. You get to sleep with him every night. You got no right to be unhappy. I don't want to see this crap. Women all over would die to be in your shoes." My nostrils are flaring.
I am furious now. How the hell can she complain?
Sara sheepishly asks John, "How come you don't treat me like a slut? Why can't I enjoy that freedom of being told what to do and being humiliated? I thought you loved me?"
Holy shit! No kidding, she wishes she has what I have. What the hell! Argggg. I could choke her I am so mad.
John explains himself, "Sara, you are my wife. My pride and joy. The mother of my child. I don't treat my wife like a slut, I have a sister, mother and a friend to do that for me."
I am thinking that he is being a little presumptuous about Dana but hey, I will let them work it out.
Sara surprises me, "I like to be a slut at times too. I want to be humiliated. I saw how turned on Lisa was. Why can't a wife get that?"
John looks sad, "Sorry, you are the wife, I could never do that to you."
Sara then says a few words, but they will have a profound affect on my life for years to come.
Her fateful words are, "Can I trade my wife status with Lisa for a few days at a time? Then you can randomly fuck me and humiliate me in public."
A load of bricks fell on me at that moment. I see with pure clarity how much my brother loves me. Just twenty minutes ago I thought I was being kicked out. Instead, this was an elaborate plan to get me wife status and the ability to spend the night with him. Never in my life did I expect that. I am balling my eyes out and only three people understand why. I of course am crying. John is smiling, he knows I have figured it out. Also smiling is Sara!
It wasn't John that set this up, it was Sara. She understood what I wanted. She understood why I was unhappy. Can I let her do this? I look at her with my sad puppy dog eyes. She runs at me and embraces me hard enough to kill me.
Sara whispers in my ear, "I still love you. I will do anything to keep you happy."
Together we cry and enjoy the moment. We love each other. This will change our lives. We have given a child access to play out his deepest fantasies with us. What have we done?