Doctor Shylo Morra
Doctorate in Psychology
Specializing in Sexual Psychology
I put myself through University with a full scholarship, thanks to my excellent grades in High School, but I needed a part time job to cover extra expenses.
I was in the second year of my studies in Sociology and Psychology so I decided that I would try a job that I have fantasized about for years, but how do you get started in the mysterious world of Exotic Dancing?
I did not even own anything very sexy, but I did keep myself in very good shape. I am a dedicated swimmer. So dedicated in fact, that I chose my school based on their aquatic program! I could swim nearly any time of day, so it was a perfect exercise for a student who had to spread their time around the clock due to early classes, night classes and a part time job.
The first club I went to was the one club within walking distance to my dorm, so that was the full extent of my research. I walked there right after my first class on a Wednesday.
Autumn in New York could be magical, and this was one of those days. The trees were changing colour fast, and the heat of summer was gone, replaced by the cool breezes from Canada. My mind was at ease, while I silently but purposefully strode up to The Gingerbread House. The front door seemed like the right path, so I walked right in.
A middle aged woman was righting the chairs in a gloomy dank room. No smells of Gingerbread, only smoke, and not a specific smoke, but a mix of cigarette and cigar and pot and other things somehow sweeter?
The lady finally looked over. "Who you looking for?" she asked with a tired and uncaring look.
"I'm looking for some part time work," I responded in a tone, more like a question than a statement.
"They're always looking for peelers, if you're over 18, but that's all the work available here," she said with a bit of a sneer and a narrowing of the eyes. "Perfect," I countered.
She looked me up and down, and with a huff she pointed to a door to the left of the brass lined bar.
"Ben is the man to see, in the office."
"I hope you brought condoms," she cackled, as I headed for the door.
That almost broke me.
I didn't want a stripper job to get sex, I could get plenty of that! I wanted the experience of exposing myself sexually, and then I would gradually gain the mental and physical discipline of being totally in charge of my sexuality. It was my intention to learn the sex trade intimately, and from the inside, but I was not ready to give some manager a hummer for a part time job.
I knocked on the door, and waited.
"Yeah, come in," was bellowed from behind the door.
Ben was a 30 something accountant type. Bad skin, left over from puberty was my first thought, though he did look like he stayed in fair shape.
He quickly looked up from a computer screen and showed a bit of surprise as he saw a stranger, but he recovered fast and managed to say, "How can I help you," then added, "Good Looking," as his brain caught up with his mouth.
I quickly scanned the room before starting my impromptu job interview.
"Hi, I am a student, and I'm looking for part time work as an exotic dancer."
He looked me up and down. I'm sure he saw a pretty, petite blonde, with good teeth, and a clear complexion,
"Driver's License," he muttered and held out his hand expectantly.
I unzipped my jacket, and pulled my little purse from its perch below my shoulder. Searching inside I found my I.D. and passed it over. Ben got a better look at my figure.
"Hmm," he said, as he held my card in his hand, not having looked at it yet. He continued to stare at me, peering deeper into a mystery.
"I will have to see more," he said.
"Oh, of course," I said, trying hard to hide my nervousness.
I proceeded to take off my jacket, and looking around the cluttered office, I saw a coat rack and I placed my coat on a hook.
Turning back to my prospective employer, I grabbed my sweatshirt, cross-handed, at the waist, and pulled up with both hands. He was still sitting there, with his hand extended, card in hand, looking at my breasts as they bounced free from their confines so quickly.
Just as my nipples stopped bouncing he continued.
"I meant more I.D. miss," he said with a giant smile forming on his face. He brought the license into focus, to see my date of birth, then he brought his eyes back to my face.
"Now I sure hope you have another picture I.D., cause I can't hire you without it, Miss Morra," he said with a big smile.
I found my student card, and my student health I.D., and he took them both and moved to a photocopier against the wall. While he was busy aligning my documents, so that he could copy them all in one effort, I was kicking off my running shoes.
When he turned towards me, to continue his ogling of my breasts, I was pulling down my track pants. I usually wore knickers, but they were all so ugly that I hadn't bothered. After all, I knew what they wanted to see.
"Do you need to see me dance?" I asked, as I noted the look of surprise on his face.
There was a very long pause, as he drank in the scene. I did the one dance move I thought I could get away with. I went up on my right tip-toe, and did a near perfect, though slow, pirouette. I doubt that he could see how moist and aroused I was, but he had seen enough.
"What nights can you work?" he said in a hushed voice.
Friday and Saturday were the busiest days of the week, and they fit my schedule perfectly. Ben had suggested that I show up an hour early, to get a feel for the crowd, and maybe learn a few moves. I had confided in him that I was not a skilled dancer, and he wasn't too concerned.
"Sometimes the skilled dancers are the worst," he said. "Stripping requires dancing skills that few people practice in real life."
I was not a scholarship student without having the discipline of being prepared, so I came out on Thursday night to see just what I was getting into.
I didn't know anyone with the exception of the manager Ben, but ladies were free so I went through the outer door and found a bouncer sitting there, checking I.D.'s. I pulled my coat off, expecting my sexy look to give me an easy pass, but he raised his burly arm to stop me. I automatically went for my driver's license, but he had something else in mind.
"We don't let hookers in sugar," he said as he undressed me with his eyes. "Damn! I could make an exception... for a taste?" he continued with a twinkle in his eye. I hurriedly explained my position to him, and dropped Ben's name, which seemed to grease the wheel a bit.
"If I find out your playin me, I'll be all over you, in more ways than one," he threatened, but now he was much friendlier. "Where did you dance before?" he inquired.
I told him that I was a newbie and would appreciate any help I could get, but there would be no "tasting" for the effort. He laughed and took my hand while opening the inner door, he escorted me in and personally led me to an open table.
There was a haze in the air, although there was no fog machine, and no smoking. The steady stream of people out the back door to 'burn one' brought fresh smoke into the place with every visit. The deejay had a deep resonant voice, rather sexy I thought.
As I scanned the room I realized many eyes were turned to me. I had done some shopping, and I wore a short black skirt and a button up tuxedo shirt that I trust up at the waist with a light red scarf. I had hit the eye liner much harder than usual, and extended my eye lashes with the help of the cosmetics lady at the drugstore. I told her I was planning a special night for my boyfriend, so she had done a professional job of it. I wore some fake leather high boots. Not the thigh length, but just to below the knee.
A topless waitress approached and I was shocked to see someone I knew!
Gena was in my Social Economics class. I recognized her right away, even though I had never seen those perky tits! Gina stood about 5 ft. 3 and weighed in at 105 tops. Her cute figure was adorned with nice B cups with large areolas that were the same pink as her lipstick. She always wore the cutest outfits, and her makeup and hair were always perfect. I had unconsciously placed her in the 'airhead looking for a hookup' category, since I couldn't imagine a serious student putting an hour into her looks every day.
"Hi, Gena isn't it?" I said with a smile. "Funny seeing you here". She had no idea who I was, since I always wear loose fitting clothes and very little make up to school. My preparation was usually a shower, and a brush.
"Yes, I do know you!" she gushed with both surprise and pleasure. I was so glad that she was not the least bit embarrassed about working topless at a Strip Club.
"Are you meeting your boyfriend here?" she asked with an emphasis on 'here?' "No, I'm starting tomorrow, so I thought I would see what I was getting into," I responded.
"Here?" again she interjected. "You do know that all of the waitstaff are topless right?"
I smiled again and told her that I would be "stripping", and her pretty little mouth formed into an "O" as she continued.
"You're not kidding, are you?"
"Wow, you are a brave one!"
"I hope you have a backbone made of steel, and eyes in the back of your head, cause these guys are all hands and lips, and you never know which you're going to get!"
I assured her that my backbone was steady, but my dance skills were not.
"Well, you just sit tight, cause Kara is up next, and you will see some real moves from her," Gena replied, and asked what I was drinking? I told her soda water was good, but she wouldn't have it.
"You will need something more, and every Dick in this bar would love to buy it for you," she turned, balancing her tray perfectly, and headed over to one of the tables with an older gentleman and a pretty girl about half his age. Gena was very friendly with them, giving extra attention to the man, with a lingering hand on his well muscled arm. She gestured towards me, and they both turned to look, while I looked casually about the room. Soon enough I had something fruity and tall to sip on, and Gena assured me that it was drug free, but warned me, that I had to keep an eagle eye on it, cause there were 'predators about'.
My patron did not turn when Gina explained where the drink came from.
"All I had to do was tell him that you are a new dancer," she informed me.
"He has a different girl just about every time he comes in here, and they are not Pro's," she confided, in a hushed voice.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," boomed the deejay, "Please welcome to the stage, our feature performer, the beautiful, seductress Kara!"
The applause was not very welcoming, but the next dancer jumped out from behind the curtain, and her chosen music belted out right on cue.
I could have fallen off my chair, she was so... well endowed! Her flaming red hair was cut to a page-boy look, but that was the only masculine thing about this temptress.
She was about 5 and a half feet tall, and her breasts defied the sizes! Do they make FF bras? She wore a thong that matched her hair color, and stiletto heels that made her look tall.
As she approached the pole in the center of the stage, she sashayed from side to side with her hips and head, but her massive chest stayed center stage, putting on a pouty face she gave her breasts a jiggle. She wrapped her fun bags around the pole, and tilted her head to one side in a very seductive pose, then, when the music hit a change of pace, she jumped three feet in the air and grabbed the pole with both hands and pulled herself up, while bringing her legs all the way up, then she extended her body even higher with a reverse pull up. Her feet were a full 12 feet above the stage!
With a tilt outwards, she swung her legs in a spiral, and loosened her grip to let her body swing around as it descended.
What had I gotten myself into! If I tried that, I would be on my way to the hospital about now. Her moves were highly choreographed and her smile never left her face as she played the pole like a familiar lover. She could hold herself up with just the pressure of her thighs, and she often let herself fall, as much as 6 feet, before stopping her descent with an audible squeak from the friction grip of her thighs! There had to be some muscle behind those curves.
The deejay signaled the end of her performance, "Let's give a big hand to the incredible, gorgeous, AND talented, Kara!
With a few nice gyrations, she disappeared behind the curtain to a polite smattering of applause.
As I clapped, I looked around the room and found that the applause was mostly from the waitresses and other dancers, as they climbed to their feet to give personal dances at tables around the perimeter of the big room. These dances did not look very complex to me. Rolling the hips and bending low at the waist, while peeking at the client from between her legs. I could do that. A bit demeaning, but doable.
My head swept about, drinking it all in. I could feel moisture between my legs as I was attracted to these highly sensual, and beautiful women, and the lustful looks they were receiving.
I jumped a bit as Ben plopped himself down in the chair next to me. "Hey, did you want to start a day early, we're down a few girls," and more conspiratorially, "...we're always down a few girls early in the week."
I tried to convey confidence with a smile, but my words were far less than sure, "I can not ride a pole like that!" I cried, "I can't perform on the big stage!"
Ben nodded and assured me that I would not be called to the main stage until I was comfortable. "If you can see your way to working the floor tonight, I will pay for a dance tutor."
"Can you come in a couple hours early tomorrow, and I'll have someone show you some simple moves."
It was time to cross the Rubicon. I set my shoulders back and put my mind into gear. Ben had instructed me on the rules of conduct, which allowed me to touch the patrons, but they could only touch me when I gave them permission. He explained that the bouncers split 1/4 of all my dance money, but none of the "tips", so they will keep tabs on how often you dance, even to the extent of soliciting an audience for you.
"Out here it's $10 for a lap dance, while the back room starts at $20. and should include some extra seduction, therefore it is more intimate, but still did not give the guys the right to touch anything without direction."
I nodded my compliance, and stood to give it my best shot.
"Come on back," Ben said, "and I'll introduce you to Colon, the deejay and Carol, the stage manager."
Carol was a tall black woman with a gigantic purple wig! Her shoulders made me wonder if she was a cross-dresser, but her hips and feet were too small. Her full figure made me think, power forward, with tits.
Her outfit was more like a costume, with a fitted sequined purple jacket with pink, yellow and lime green glitter. She wore white hot pants, with more silver and gold glitter along the seams and cuffs. Her thigh length purple velour boots had only 1 inch of heel, but that was the only thing about her that was not 'far out there'!
The tailored jacket hid her figure a bit, but I could still tell that she had plenty of curves, and her attitude showed me a confidence that could only be achieved with years. So I had to guess that she was mid 40's, but she could still command the attention of a room of both sexes.
Carol showed me the lockers, and suggested that I leave the key with her after I planted my coat and purse within it.
"If you can't trust me darling, you will find that your coat and purse will be a small price to pay to find out."
Her logic was good, so I complied.
She showed me the 'Emerald Room' for private dances, and whispered, "Nothing is private from me, back here."
"We don't have the muscle back here unless needed," she confided. "They drool too much."
"They will come fast enough when their ladies are upset, so don't worry, we have your back!"
When I came out front Colon must have been watching for me.
"Ladies and Gents, let me be the first to introduce our newest talent for the very first time!"
"Standing 5 foot 6, and topping 110 pounds when she's totally wet, and we do hope to see her totally wet, ha ha, the student we all wanted to sit next to,... the stunning Shylo".
Heads jerked up, and Colon continued with his intro.
"She is another beauty that we discovered locally, and she is available, as are all of our honey's for only 10 bucks."
"So pull out your wallets, and put your tongues back in your heads fellas, and you too Gena!"
Everyone had a good chuckle as I put on my best smile, shifted my hips much more than normal, and walked over to an area with no dancers. Hands went up with cash, so I went to the closest one and introduced myself to Bob, a balding man in his 40's, with his three friends of equal disposition.
A lot of eyes were on me. I saw other dancers and bouncers watching me with daggers and spoons. That is, the other strippers were checking out the competition, and the bouncers were checking out their latest meal ticket.
I could also see Ben watching, as he should be, to make sure his latest girl could handle the attention.
As the next song started I rose to dance.
Steven Tyler started to sing 'Dream On'. Well, I'd never stripped to anything, so it might as well be a good song. A small platform, about 16 inches high, had been placed between the legs of my patron.
I jumped up, making my breasts bounce under my shirt, but only I could tell. I moved quickly to get my sash off, but tried to keep it sensual. Then I draped it around Bob's neck, with a bit of a tease, pulling him in, then dropping it in his lap.
Next came the buttons. I knew there was a total change in tempo coming up, so I undid the top three standard white buttons slowly, while swinging my hips to the music. Then, facing Bob, just before the tempo shifted I pulled my collar out with both hands, and peered down the inside of the shirt with mock horror and a pursing of my lips.
When the tempo slammed into high gear, I slammed my hands down with force. The bottom four buttons were just snaps with a white button exterior.
My tits burst onto the scene as I arched my back and pulled my shoulders back to give them the entire room to fill!
And they did!
All sound seemed to stop, except for the music. Every head was turned, and I know I heard a gasp as the sudden flaunting of my rack caught everyone off guard.
Like an exhibitionist, I stood still for a count of five. Then continued my dance. Gena let out a "Yeah!" And clapped her hands in appreciation.
I peeled the shirt off as I twisted around in time to the music, then I positioned my butt towards my client, and bent down to my knees. I peeked at Bob first from one side of my knees, then the other as the tune made me move. I saw that Bob's eyes were glued to my crotch. That brought a little tingle to my pussy and I could feel my labia start to plump up.
I decided to reward his attention.
I swung around, still bent over deeply, and brought my face close to Bob's. He had to look me in the eye, cause the good bits were behind and under me. I saw him mouth the word "wow", so I gave him a treat, and raised myself, while undulating and thrusting my hips forward, I brought my hands to the large button on my hot pants and flicked it open, then pulled the zipper down all the way.
Bob was still devouring my tits with his eyes, while his tongue kept darting out of his mouth in an effort to keep his lips moist. Again I swung around and offered him my ass. My hands came up to the hem of the short pants and I started to tug them downwards. All three of Bob's buddies were craning their necks to see the prize, but a sudden tug brought my pants to my ankles, and revealed the black thong.
Their faces showed no disappointment though. I guess it didn't hide very much. I stood and continued my act. Turning a few times I cupped my breasts and gave them an appreciative jiggle. Then I showed them my one gymnastic talent.
With boots still on, I brought my right knee to my chest, then while arching back, for balance and effect, I elevated my right foot straight up in a move that I only know from watching our cheerleaders.
I thought it was so sexy, the way their skirt would fall and expose their panties, just briefly, but, it was still hot.
I held the pose for at least ten seconds, although the music did not break, they didn't seem to mind, as they leered at my scantly covered mound. The narrow thong barely concealed my swollen vagina lips. The swelling would certainly have given me a camel toe effect, and that is where their eyes and their minds were.
I wish I could have kept that pose and circled around the platform to give everyone a view. I knew they all wanted it. Instead I brought into play my hands. One from the front, and one from the back. I could not swing to the music while holding this position, but again, no one cared. I brought both index fingers to the crotch edge of my moist thong and played a dance with my fingers. Up with one, down with the other to the harsh but sweet voice of Steven Tyler.
I never ventured into the lips or the slit.
I wondered if they could see any wet spots, and that made me tingle some more!
Carefully I brought my leg down, barely missing one of Bob's friends, as he chuckled out an apology and sat back in his chair.
As I regained my confidence in my balance, I continued my gyrations for a few full cycles.
The room had returned to normal. Other dancers were giving their attention to their patrons, Waitresses were dropping off drinks and collecting money or taking new orders, and they had forgotten me too. I guess my 15 minutes of fame would only be 15 seconds.
Sigh.
I did the leg raise one more time and another swing about, then I realized the song was winding down and the other dancers were stepping down from their perches. I stepped off the platform while Bob jumped to his feet and put out his hand to help me. As I turned to sit I picked up my scarf from Bob's chair and his friends handed me my shirt and hot pants.
Praise came flooding in from Bob and his friends, as Colon crooned in the background about the shooter specials and the future stars coming to our stage at the Gingerbread House. Gena came out of her way to encourage me.
"You are sizzling up the place Girlfriend," she gushed, "You are going to make a bundle tonight!"
Colon was winding up his sales pitch, and introducing another song, clearly indicating that we needed to get back to it, when one of the bouncers came by and announced that I had a full dance card in 'The Emerald Room', so this would be my last dance if they wanted it.
"Fucking right we do!"
"and we want to get on that dance list too!" cried out one of Bob's friends.
Another slow one was perfect. Lady in Red would do nicely. The rules of the dance were explained to me earlier. I never expose my pussy until the second dance. That way you always got two offers to dance and your little break between dances would not leave your cooch exposed for free.
Breasts were all around the room. All of the waitresses had great racks. Not store bought, but every tit looked well worth squeezing and sucking.
The pussy was the real prize.
Up I went for my encore.
I fondled my breasts while gyrating, bouncing them, jiggling them. Then, while cupping them, I pinched the short buds between my thumbs and index fingers.
I don't keep long fingernails. Short, clean and groomed helped me to get a hold on them both, even though they only protrude a half inch.
I rolled them in my fingertips, and it felt real good. My juices were flowing again! The boys were enjoying the show, but I know they had one thing in mind, so I moved into position to give Bob his prize.
With my feet spread as much as the platform allowed, I bent down again. This time, instead of bending only at the waist, I crouched and bent, then raised my butt practically spearing into Bob's face.
Giving little pretense to the song, I reached back with my hands and let my fingers snag the top of my thong at the hips. I slowly rolled the top down, exposing my puckered anus to my highly alert examiners. Then I rolled it back up, to a moan.
When I brought my fingers down to my camel toe. I had their full attention narrowed to my hands and thong.
I swept my fingers up one side and flipped the thong to the slit, exposing a swollen and wet vagina lip.
"Oh Yeah," someone blurted out, but back went the curtain.
Their attention was riveted on my mound.
Up to the top again with my fingers, I gave them no mercy. Slowly I rolled the thong, like an old carpet, past my sweet anus. I'm sure it was damp too, since I was self lubricating like I was preparing to mount the entire room of swinging dicks. The sensation of the clothe rolling down, applying light pressure to my labia was incredible. I realized that I was holding my breath!
Down I continued rolling until the entire treasure was revealed to their wide eyes.
I was as wet as I'd ever been without actually having sex. My vagina lips were so swollen and sensitive that I could have had an orgasm with very little effort. I knew my labia was pulsing, and they were definitely close enough to see it quiver. I let them drink it in for a while, then standing again, they moaned in disappointment.
I gave them a few rotations before giving them a parting look at paradise.
This time I grabbed my mound with both hands and slowly opened up the vagina lips until they could see my vulva. Then the pressure was enough to overcome the moisture seal that was keeping my inner lips together, and I was open for their complete satisfaction.
I flapped it open and closed a few times, then again I ran my fingertips up and down to the music, but this time I did stray a bit. The song was wrapping up, and I saw my bouncer friend already standing by. All of the men stood and helped me off of the stand, with gushing praise they stashed cash in my hands, while I was being escorted away.
Carol met me at the door. "Jimmy, she needs two minutes," she said, while giving Jimmy a look that did not allow for debate.
Carol pulled me into the back room and set me down on a stool.
"Now you need to settle down girl," Carol chastised me, "You can't be squirting in their faces, and don't try and tell me you have it under control."
"There is a stream of your juices running down your leg!" Clean it up child?" she scolded me and handed me a box of tissues.
Well, that put me in my place. I grabbed some tissues, shamelessly pulled my thong to one side and gave myself a mopping from my knee to my sopping puss.
Jimmy said, "God Damn!" as I threw the damp tissues in the trash.
"Now you need to know my rules for the Emerald Room," Carol continued, as if this was the most natural of settings.
"First, there is no sex in the Emerald Room!"
I waited for the other shoe to drop.
"That's it girlfriend, everything else is your choice, so go make some money," and with that she gave me a gentle slap on my butt cheek, and motioned me off to glory and fame. Ha.
Jimmy took me to a curtain and pulled it aside, revealing four men seated around a sturdy table.
"Gentlemen, this is Shylo, and she is here for your viewing pleasure."
"Thanks Jimmy."
"The usual?" one customer asked.
"Oh yeah" said Jimmy as he turned to me. "They pay half again more, for their girls to forgo all clothes at all times."
"Is that okay?" he asked with a hopeful look on his face.
So that means that the bouncers got a little more, but that sounded fine to me. Peeling on stage can be hazardous, when you need to keep your balance and pull clothes off, accidents happen.
There was also a slot in the platform, through which they put your tips. It would be safe there until you go on to your next customer.
"What about the boots?" I asked.
The taller of the group then put away his phone and spoke for the first time.
"We are good Jimmy, thanks," and he gave him a bill in dismissal.
"My name is Kam, beautiful lady and you can leave them on for a bit, but I'm sure they will be hurting you soon, so you can leave them off then."
Kam's smile was genuine, so I gave him one back and nodded my head. A waitress appeared and after getting their order she turned to me.
"What's your pleasure sister?" she asked, "they cover all of your drinks back here, so speak up."
"Can I get some bubbly?" I inquired, without knowing if that was asking too much.
"Cancel our drinks hun," said Kam. "We are all switching to bubbly with our gorgeous guest," announced the man in charge.
The waitress was very pleased. The more expensive bottle would mean a bigger tip and less fuss, so off she went.
The next song began and I went to mount the stage, but Kam held up his hand. "Sit, and get to know us a bit."
"We pay by the song, so no one will care."
Kam introduced his three companions and explained that they were all lawyers from Atlanta, just enjoying a few sites in the big city.
They learned that I was a student and they were surprised that I was on scholarship, but still needed to work. I explained my two purposes here. To make extra money, for the extras like clothes, a better dorm, entertainment, but also to get experience that would help me with my goal of becoming a Psychologist, maybe even a Doctorate in Sexual Psychology. I wanted to help people shed their inhibitions, and the best way was to shed my own.
They seemed impressed, and having sipped our bubbly for a bit. I suggested that I should start, since a fresh song was just starting up.
I stood before them, totally exposed, and fully aware of their growing erections. I just enjoyed the music and danced. Sometimes I bent over for them, or raised my leg above my head (which is much easier without boots on). I stroked myself each time, producing more fluid, but no one cared. They just enjoyed the show.
After the dance Kam gave me his hand to help me down for the mini break between songs one and two. He extended his hand towards me, in which was a twenty dollar bill and a tissue.
"You're dripping a little Beautiful."
"Can I clean you up a bit?" I was sopping wet again.
"Yes thank you Kam, that is very kind of you." I stepped back up on the dais, and spread my legs for him. Then pushed my hips towards him and using my fingers I spread my vagina lips.
His head was at breast height, and he stepped closer to me, so that I could feel his breath on my right nipple. His hand found my pussy and he gently rubbed, then patted my labia, then he stepped back and bent for a better view.
"Perfect," he proclaimed and stood back up to take my hand. The twenty went into the tip slot, and the tissue? Well, I'm not sure where that went, but it was gone.
The night went on very much like that. The tips kept coming, as each of my patrons wanted a chance to 'help me clean up'. The Crystal kept coming too, so I was getting a bit light headed. I was bumping against their erections more than expected, but they kept their hands to themselves, except for their special ministrations between dances.
Around one in the morning Kam indicated that they had to get going, even though the place was open until 3. They settled up their tab as I sat by, quite pleased with myself. I knew I had a tidy sum in the tip box, and I was enjoying the best bubbly I had ever tried. Everyone was happy. Ben appeared and let me know that I could head out, or go back on the floor. Most of the high rollers had departed by now and the rest were 'occupied for the duration'. I decided to leave since I had already agreed to work Friday and Saturday, but I had to find Carol first.
Carol was bouncing from one curtain to another, checking on her girls.
"Hey honey, I have to talk to you before your next shift," Carol proclaimed. "Can you stick around till I'm sure these chumps are keeping their dicks in their pants."
She turned back to her baby sitting, as if the decision was made, so I headed out front to see what kind of action there was. Colon had already packed it in, leaving a special mix CD running in a loop.
Bob and his pals were still there, so I thought I would stop by and say hi.
"I hope you gentlemen had a nice evening," I said.
Bob offered to buy me a drink, but I told them I had too much, and had to get home safely yet. They were very understanding, and each was anxious to share a taxi, and they would make sure I was safe, but I declined, not knowing just when I would get out of there. I did sit with them for a bit, Sipping on bottled water that one of them bought for me.
"My wife knows where I am, and she knows that it will be worth her while to stay up tonight," Bob confided.
His other friends had similar comments about me being in their dreams, which really excited me, since that was my intent.
A new song came on, and I was inspired.
"I'm going to give you gentlemen a bonus dance for free, just because you started me out today so nicely, and I just have to move to this great song."
They murmured their approval and sat back. I had all of my outfit back on, so they got the full Monty in the first song.
When I got to full exposure I was wet again, but I didn't care. I posed for each of them, giving them the full tunnel view.
The song had finished a while back but I wanted them all to go home with erections. It made me hot just thinking about it. I climbed off the platform and slipped my thong back on. Then I sat to put my boots on, while the boys bantered back and forth about sending their wife or girlfriends over the moon when they got home.
"Do you want a little advice?" and without a pause I continued, "Take your time with the foreplay," I said with a smile. "Stroke the undersides of her breasts, and use your tongue on her clit."
"Don't wait for her to go down on you."
"You go down first, and at least rub her bum hole if you're not ready to put your entire finger in there," It's an important stimulant point."
They were flabbergast, at first, but I saw that their minds were working, and I might have done some good for them, and their sex partners.
Carol called me from the back so we said our goodbyes, they assured me that they would be back next month. I informed them that I would only be working Fridays and Saturdays if they were looking for me, then I wished them luck with the rest of their evening, and suggested that they bring their wives out one night, they might be surprised.
Carol sat me down in the office, where Ben was setting up a bank deposit. The cash was in four trays and a safe, and looked like a big haul.
"Wow, I thought 'I' did well," I uttered with surprise.
The Gingerbread House did okay too.
Ben paused and pulled off his latex gloves. I looked at them with a questioning look.
"There is a lot of Coke on the hundreds and even the 20's, so I don't take any chances," he explained. Then he walked over to a file cabinet and pulled out a cigar box, he turned and returned to the desk. Inside he had about 1/4 ounce of weed, papers, a lighter, and a few joints already rolled. He lit one of them with the dexterity of a regular, and offered it to me. I didn't hesitate, taking a deep drag and found it to be very smooth.
"Thanks boss, I thought I would have to wait until I got home," I told him.
"You made this Thursday our best mid-week night of the year," he sighed. "Are you sure you don't want to make a career of this?"
Carol grabbed the joint out of my hand and gave Ben a piece of her mind.
"Shut that off right now Benjamin!" she admonished him. "She hasn't even worked a weekend yet," she declared, turning to me.
"We get the regulars Tuesday to Thursday, and we know most of them."
"They are working men, with families and real jobs."
"They are not used to being man-handled by two or three bouncers and they actually fear going to jail."
"The weekend brings out the 'Bad Boys', and they don't fear for nothing."
Carol took a second deep hit off the diminishing roach and handed it to Ben. "She's right, of course," replied Ben, referring to Carol, "but you made, what? Seven, eight hundred"
"and a full shift on the weekend can pull a grand!"
"Carol," I queried, "I must have to pay something to you?"
"I wouldn't feel safe without your prying eyes," I said with gratitude.
"Well, sweetheart, I was going to let you know that I get 10% of your tips, but only in the Emerald Room", she informed me.
I did a quick mental calculation and picked up my purse. I counted out fifty and passed it over.
"Thanks baby", she purred, "If you want me to Manage you, That will be 5% of everything you make while peeling," but that also includes money management, taxes, and extra security here, as well as getting you safely to your door at the end of the night ... but sleep on it, ask around," she continued, as she turned for the door.
"Jimmy will be driving you home tonight."
"He's a good man, and you will always be safe around him," she confided. "At least, as safe as any woman ever is."
With that, she flowed out the door like a theatre actress, and thanking Ben, I followed her to the dressing room.
True to her word, Jimmy collected six of the girls, and herded us out to a big black SUV. I whispered to Jimmy that he might want to drop me off last, so he told me to take the back, and off we went.