I have been an exhibitionist since I can remember. This was going to take it to another level. I felt a little bit like a character in a spy film. I am sitting in the mall with an earpiece in and a pair of glasses that film and transmit what I am seeing.
"Let's start with something basic. Straighten yourself up so that you are looking at the young man in front of you and open your legs so that he can see your panties. Hold his attention with your eyes. That's great he wants to look between your legs but he is aware that you are looking at him. Try and invite him with you eyes and a smile to look at your panties"
Ben was talking to me through the earpiece. I had the challenge to do exactly what he told me to. Dressed as agreed in a tight yellow summer dress with no bra and opaque panties which I had seen earlier framed my hairless pussy beautifully. My nipples could be made out through the dress without being clearly visible.
"That's it you have him hooked. He is even blushing a little. Close your legs and see if he can look you in the eyes. Engage him with your eyes and smile as you open you legs. Try and relax him into looking up your skirt again, he is looking too flustered and scared. Oh he got the message and I don't think it will be easy to get eye contact again. Let's see if we can at least get him looking up as far as your chest."
I wasn't sure how to do this but instinctively brought my hand down to the hem of my dress and then moved it diagonally up to my left nipple. I tried to make the rubbing of the nipple, and the quick tweak of it, look like I was scratching an itch. Somehow both nipples stood to attention instantly. My mouth was dry and my heart was pounding. I was a little disappointed that while I was very aware of my pussy it was not feeling wet as I had hoped. His eyes did make it to my face. I tried to show in my expression that I was happy with his attention and that he could enjoy the view as much as he liked. It seemed to work as his eyes dropped to my pantie covered pussy. He was even comfortable enough to rearrange his now straining erection within his trousers.
"There is probably not much more you can do with him. "
I knew Ben was right but wanted one more go at exciting the young man further. I was already sitting without the dress being between the bench and me. I lent back and slid my bottom forward ensuring my panties remained as much as possible where they were. The result was to pull them between my bum cheeks and my pussy. It was then I realized that I was not completely dry between the legs and my clit was trying to escape its' hood.
My next action was not disguised at all as I moved myself backwards and forwards. I have no idea what the two girls and the old man walking past made of it. It was enough to make the bench wet and me fully aroused. The man's eyes were wide open and focused. I stood up, picked my handbag off the bench and ran my finger along the damp bench. His expression was a picture of total confusion mixed with a realization that this was downright dirty and sexual. As I stood briefly in front of him and offered my middle finger to his mouth, he licked it taking it once into his mouth before I removed it. I would remember the look on his face forever. I wish I had been able to take his face in my hand and kiss him, but I knew I must get away quickly.
"That was amazing. I have never seen anything in my life so utterly dirty and beautiful at the same time. Believe it or not I was more excited than that lucky guy. I came completely spontaneously as you took your finger out of his mouth."
I would love to think that the man also orgasmed but I suspect that he would do so many times in the future with me in his thoughts.
"That was lovely but I suspect that you would like to get a little more stimulation yourself. Are you up for it?'
I was now very aware of a wet pussy and hard clit rubbing against my panties that now were riding up more like a thong. I wanted to be able to tell Ben what I was thinking but the communication was only one way. Maybe we can fix it for next time.
"Let's play with the grown ups now shall we?"
I was at least able to nod my agreement.
"Walk towards the coffee shop to your left and look around so that I can see your next target. There, sitting alone with the short hair and the light coloured trousers. Ask him if you can join him."
I could see who he meant. Not my type. Had to admit good looking but a little full of himself for my liking. No, better than good looking when he flashed me a smile. He seemed to be looking me over including right through my eyes and into my head. I was scared of him and fascinated at the same time. It was a quiet meek me that asked him if I could join him. It was nothing short of a cocky smile on his face as he indicated the seat next to him. A waitress approached and he ordered me a latte with a double shot. How dare he. More to the point how did he know what I always drink?
"Do you always wear clothes that allow your nipples to be on show? Are they always as excited looking as they are right now?
"Do not get up and leave, flirt with him."
I wanted to slap him but knew I had agreed to do everything Ben told me to. I told my new friend that I loved my body to be appreciated and that when my nipples are really excited we would both know about it. The next instruction came not from my earpiece but from across the table. It left me stunned with my mouth open.
"Go to the ladies and play with yourself through your panties. When they are wet take them off and bring them to me. Go."
"Do us you are told. You wanted adventure. Don't bottle it now."
All my experience of exhibitionism was with me being in control. Was I still in control or were one friend and one new acquaintance controlling me? I was buzzing, this was more exciting and scary than anything I had ever experienced. I was alive and loving it. He was great looking, but cocksure and really irritating. With this level of confidence was he hung? I had experienced and enjoyed good-sized men, but was his a 10-inch monster? I just had to go with it. There was only one toilet but no queue. I sat down and played with my pussy through the panties even sticking them a little into my bottom. There was a lovely feeling of wellbeing for some reason. I knew I did not need to do much to ensure the panties were soaked through. I slid them off and put them in my bag and returned to the table.
"Put them there on the table. Are they nice and wet?"
I looked around the café before confirming that they were soaking. Was everyone looking at me or was nobody aware of my dilemma. I tried to make them look as small as possible as I put them next to his coffee. As I did this the waitress, a girl of about eighteen, arrived with my coffee. He reached out and spread the panties out on the table feeling the crotch with his finger. The moisture was obvious. The poor girl did not know where to look until he addressed her.
"I think my friend here was very aroused while wearing her panties. I bet she is very embarrassed now and I am sure just as aroused. Aren't you dear?"
I wanted to curl up in a ball and disappear. I wanted to slap him around the face and walk out. What I did do was say "yes sir, sorry sir." and dropped my eyes to the table.
"Oh don't worry I can make you more embarrassed and more aroused yet."
I could not believe my ears. The waitress visibly shook herself out of her daze and almost ran away from the table.
"You can drink your coffee and then return to the toilet. You will leave the door unlocked, strip what is left of you clothes and use your panties as a blindfold. You will turn away from the door, bend at the waist and hold onto the toilet."
I have no idea why he thought I would do as he instructed. I found myself drinking my hot coffee as quickly as possible. I felt hypnotized as I walked to the toilet. As I waited naked, bent at the waist with panties covering my nose and eyes I was so afraid someone else would open the door. When it did open I was for some reason sure it was him. He spread my legs wider apart and starting above my anus, with just one finger, he caressed down to and past my clit. I almost collapsed as he did this slowly and sensually a number of times. Why had I assumed he would be rough and aggressive with me?
"I am going to fuck you gently now. You will not orgasm unless I order you to. I will not allow it unless I am happy with your performance"
What did he mean, my performance? I had no idea. His prick was soon demanding access to my pussy finding just the right angle given my position.
He entered easily. I was disappointed as this suggested that he was not the 10-inch monster I had somehow been hoping for. It didn't matter, I was desperate to orgasm as I had now been so excited for so long,
"Well this is not the most erotic view I have of you being fucked."
I had completely forgotten Ben, but he had clearly not forgotten me. I wanted in some way to share what was going on with Ben but I could not talk to him and all he could see was a toilet seat. The fucking was just beautiful, firm, long, deep and unhurried. The need to cum was all encompassing but I knew I would not cum from this alone, I never had. I would need my clit played with or at least my nipples. It was as if I was being held in a state of near total arousal. Did I want it to ever end? What would happen if he came without doing more for me? I have never fucked quite like this, with no change of position, for this length of time. It was strangely like making love.
"You have been such a perfect fuck from the minute you walked into the café. I don't usually allow a new partner to cum the first time, but I might make an exception for you."
My head spun. How dare he talk to me like this? I went to explode in response when he gently put his hand over my mouth.
"Do you want to cum or not? If you do, nod your head and say thank you for a lovely fuck and now please let me cum on your beautiful prick. If you don't I will just finish and say goodbye."
His cold calm manner surprised me. Yes I wanted to cum but I was so embarrassed to need to ask for my orgasm. Even through my confused state I realized it would be me who lost out if I did not do as he said. I nodded my head, thanked him for his beautiful prick giving me a lovely fuck and asked for permission to cum. I knew I needed something to trigger the orgasm. One last surprise.
"Permission granted"
No clit, no nipples just a brain fuck. No fuck, don't let this conceited bastard trigger my orgasm this way. I found myself almost fighting it. I had no chance as it just started in my head and raced down my body. My pussy was tightening and loosening around his cock. Nothing I could do about it even if I wanted to. Each squeeze of my pussy shook me to the core. Maybe a dozen may be two dozen. My body became calm, spent, relaxed. He did not stop as if he wanted to make sure I had completely finished. I had until he ran his finger down to bum and inserted his finger deep into me. Immediately by bum started to fuck his finger in the same way as my pussy had his prick.
"There's a good girl. You will cum again for me."
The bastard, I lost all control both physically and mentally. My fucking of his finger carried on and my pussy exploded again. Everything in my life was focused on his finger as I fucked it. It was too late when I realized I was not only having an orgasm but was peeing hard. I could not separate the two sensations. I fought to stop the peeing but was unable to until the orgasm subsided.
"That was not bad for a first time"
A dagger, straight to my dignity. Could I feel more humiliated? I had been so engrossed in my orgasms I had not been aware of him cumming or at what stage he had withdrawn from my pussy.
"Clean up before you leave. By the way give my best wishes to Ben the next time you see him."
BEN YOU BASTARD - degraded, controlled, embarrassed, humiliated and down right dirty. I knew I could never experience that level of excitement well not until he challenged me again.