Suzi was in the shower preparing herself for her morning of teasing and an afternoon of cheating on me, fucking some young guy, who fucked her in the Pool and in our room. This after spending an incredibly long time oiling her sexy body, who craftily played with her glorious breasts and sneaked a finger inside her tiny bikini bottoms, while I feigned sleep. I was watching the whole event and it was incredibly sexy watching Suzi weave her sexual prowess enough to encourage a total stranger to oil her, fuck her in the pool, then go up to our room and fuck her to satisfaction and leave a healthy deposit of spunk on her tits. Something she proudly wore on her large breasts as she walked through reception and through the pool area, right up to my sun lounger.
My wife is a dirty cheating hot stripper slut! What else can I say.
She came out of the shower and made her way to the balcony. She had towelled herself dry, rubbed a little oil into her soft smooth skin and decided that a bit of nude bathing on the balcony was in order. As always, she made her way to the balcony wearing high heels. Her nude form and the click of her high heels had got the attention of a group of guys in the room opposite. The guys were craning to get a better view of Suzi's delectable nude body. The balconies of the hotel, instead of a fence or wall, they all had a glass partition facing outward, which was just above waist height. I sat back from the French doors, stretching on the sofa, watching Suzi do her thing while I stroked my hard cock. She was wearing her large Gucci sunglasses, hiding her eyes, but I knew full well she was keeping an eye on the guys staring at her. She turned her sun lounger so her feet would be facing the group of guys. Stepping out of her high heels, she lay on the sun lounger, adjusting her body so the guys would have a perfect view. The back of the lounger was at about forty five degrees, so Suzi was almost sitting up, with her tits on full display and looking magnificent. Her long legs were stretched out in front of her as she wiggled her toes. I could see her head pointing in the direction of the guys, as one of them tried to get her attention by waving his arms, then opening them, intimating Suzi should do the same with her legs. Suzi didn't even crack a smile as she slowly raised her knees toward her body, then opened her legs wide, revealing her tight shaved slit and her puckered ring. About five camera phones clicked away as Suzi threw her head back and began to slide the fingers of her left hand up and down her slit. The cameras continued clicking away as Suzi continued with her exhibitionist display. She moved her long taloned finger down to her puckered ring and circled her asshole with her fingertip. The camera phones were going crazy now as she slipped her fingertip inside her asshole. With her head thrown back, fingering her ass with her left index finger, a smile spread across her face. Her right hand went to the leg of her sunglasses as she lifted them slightly. Her smile got wider as she saw directly above her, two guys rubbing their hard cocks, watching her entertain the guys opposite. The hotel had staggered balconies so that every terrace was guaranteed sun. The guys were leaning over theirs, which created a shadow over Suzi, drawing her attention that someone was above her.
I heard one of the guys above say.
"Keep doing it babe. You're making my holiday!"
Suzi smiled looking up and said.
"Only if you guys come all over me?"
"From up here or down there?" The guy replied confidently.
"From up there!" Suzi smiled "That's the deal. Take it or leave it!"
The guys didn't reply but kept on stroking their cocks, ogling Suzi's sexy curvy body. Suzi opened her legs high and wide, holding her pussy wide open, revealing her inner pinkness to the guys. Her pussy was so wet that the guys could see it glistening in the sunlight.
Plunging two fingers of her right hand inside her pussy, she smiled at the guys above almost forgetting about her audience across the way. Breathing quite heavily, she slid the index finger of her left hand inside her tight pink asshole. Her wedding ring was on display, glistening as the bright sunshine twinkled off the gold band.
"Fucking hell! The dirty slut is married!" One of the guys above said in a somewhat shocked tone.
Suzi squirmed with delight at him calling her a slut, and sped up her fingering double penetration as her orgasm built up.
"Oh fuck! What a dirty horny slut!" One of the guys above uttered as a splash of spunk landed on Suzi's heaving pierced breasts. Suzi let out a moan as the spunk landed, only to be followed by more warm splashes, as the guys above all came on her sexy stripper slut body. The guys opposite all cheered witnessing the long distance bukake session. Suzi rubbed the thick creamy sperm into her breasts as her orgasm surged through her. Panting furiously her orgasm squirted from her pussy making the guys cheer louder. At that vey moment my own cock exploded, emptying my load all over my stomach.
The instant Suzi's orgasm waned, she got up off the sun lounger, stepped into her high heels, gave all of the guys a wave and one last look at her awesome body and shaved pussy. Suzi then walked back into the room as a round of applause and approving cat calls rang out.
Walking past me on the sofa on her way back to the bathroom, with the spunk of two guys smeared into her voluptuous body, she giggled at me saying.
"I'm such a slut!"
Her antics were on another level now. The next sound I heard was the shower as Suzi stepped in to rinse the two strangers spunk off her body. The shower stopped and I could hear vigorous toweling taking place. Presumably straightening her hair and make-up and covering her body with a light layer of oil, she eventually walked in to the room wearing a pink PVC tiny bikini. The top was similar to a balconette bra, barely holding her huge breasts inside the bubblegum pink cups. The thong bottoms were unfeasibly tight. The tiny triangle at the front struggled to cover her shaved mound, being so tight, it was pulled up revealing the outline of her shaved slit.
She was standing so sexily in matching bright pink stiletto shoes with a gold spiked heel. Her pierced nipples were almost popping out of the top, and her breasts jiggled beautifully whenever she moved. This lucky young guy wouldn't stand a chance, especially as she was extra horny after her earlier floor show. She smiled at me as she picked up her phone, to check for text messages.
She smiled as she read a text from young lover boy telling her he was waiting at the pool and had three sun loungers waiting. Suzi informed me of the text and smiled sexily.
"Let's go down and get this young fucker hard so he can fuck me again!"
She gathered up her sunbathing bag with her oils and stuff inside and headed to the door. Opening the door she turned to me smiling and said.
"Thanks for letting me be what I am! Come and watch me get felt up and oiled up, then milk a huge young cock dry!" Suzi giggled then sauntered down the corridor toward the lifts. I closed the door and followed, staring at her gravity defying buttocks, separated by the thin sliver of pink PVC. We got inside the lift, pressing the Ground floor button. Suzi adjusted her huge breasts in the mirrored walls of the lift. A guy got on the floor below us and she still continued to adjust her breasts in the mirror. As we reached the ground floor, when the doors opened, Suzi got out of the lift followed by myself, leaving a very flustered looking gentleman behind us. Suzi continued through the reception, then headed toward the pool area with me in her wake. She headed to where young lover boy had set up the loungers. Placing her bag on the bed next to the young guy, I placed my towel on the remaining bed. Suzi turned to me and smiled.
"Could you get me a nice iced cocktail please?" With just enough hint to give her a few moments alone time.
"Back in a tick" I smiled heading over in the direction of the shaded bar, fully understanding Suzi's decoy plan.
I walked over to the shaded bar and watched from a distance as Suzi weaved her sexual magic on the young.
I do not possess lip reading skills so the next few minutes are what Suzi regaled to me later in the evening.
Suzi stood at the side of her sun lounger with her body facing the young guy. She placed her arms straight upwards and stretched, pushing her huge firm breasts forward, almost spilling out of the pink PVC bikini top. Her areola were visible, just peaking out of the pink thin bra. Topless bathing is an acceptable activity here, but this look was far sexier displaying just a hint of her nipples. She smiled at the young guy and whispered seductively.
"Would you like to oil my body?" and giggled very sexily.
He shot up off his sun lounger with the exuberance of youth, picking up the bottle of oil removing the top in the process. He poured a copious amount into the palm of his hand and lathered the liquid on to Suzi's shoulders, watching the shiny residue run down her gravity defying breasts.
"I do like it when you splash things on my tits!" she teased.
The young guy actually moaned with lust, watching Suzi's breasts become coated in the deposited oil. He gently began to massage the oil in to her shoulders, guiding the residual liquid toward her ample breasts. He moved the palm of his hands up and down both of her arms, ensuring the oil was distributed evenly, then placed his hands at the start of the curve of her breasts. Smiling he massaged the oil into her breasts at the top, making his way down slowly toward her nipples. He'd chosen wisely with his location of the sun loungers. Not a single person in the vicinity and thankfully a wonderful view from my location in the shaded bar. He was now rubbing his hands over her bra cups and sliding his fingers inside the cups, grazing over her pierced erect nipples. Suzi was smiling seductively as he continued squeezing her breasts gently. He turned Suzi around and poured some oil on her back, watching the liquid slide down her back and rivulet down the crack of her ass and firm buttocks. Massaging the oil into her back he, smoothed the palms of his hands up and down her soft flesh. Suzi trembled slightly at his erotic touch, his hands now palming the oil up and down her waist, easing their way to her firm delicious side boob.
Stroking the oil deep into her glorious flesh, he slid his hands to her front and cupped her breasts gently, holding the large magnificent orbs, he began to manipulate her breasts as he kissed her neck and ears gently. The drinks had now arrived but I decided to hang back a few minutes and see how this would progress.
Suzi responded to his kisses, raising her arm and placing her right hand on his neck behind her. Almost as if she was pulling his head closer to her ear and neck. He was squeezing her breasts which encouraged her pierced nipples to spill out of the pink PVC bikini top. Even at this distance I could see that her nipples were proud and erect.
His thumbs and forefingers were tweaking her pierced nipples gently, driving her wild with lust, judging by how much she was pushing her exposed buttocks into his groin. His left hand moved down her taut oiled stomach then slid inside the front waistband of her tiny pink PVC bikini bottoms. Suzi's head went back toward his face and she kissed her young lover gently, her tongue slipping inside his open mouth as his left hand slid over her shaved mound whilst his right hand pawed at her exposed breast. I didn't want to disturb them but I also didn't want to draw attention to them, so I thought it best that I make my way over. As I picked up the drinks to place them on the tray, I saw Suzi sit on her sun lounger and open her legs wide. The young guy knelt between her legs and began smoothing oil into her long athletic legs. She leant back on her arms as the young guy tenderly rubbed oil in to her limbs, starting at her ankles then eventually working his way up to her bikini bottoms. I saw Suzi raise her ass off the sun lounger, allowing him better access to her pink PVC coated pussy. His hands disappeared from view between her legs as Suzi threw her head back in obvious sensual delight. His fingers had eased beneath her thong bikini bottoms and were now stroking her labia and pussy opening. Suzi looked down at him smiling, encouraging him to explore her pussy al fresco.
Judging by the squirming, I assumed that at least one of his fingers was inside her now. I walked from the bar and back into the direct sunlight. Lover boy saw me approaching and moved his hands from Suzi's pussy area. Suzi knelt on her sun lounger with her thonged ass facing the young guy. I placed the drinks on the table between Suzi and my sun loungers. I smiled at Suzi who was facing me. She winked at me and mouthed the words I love you, as she moved her head down on to the sun lounger with her back arched and her ass high in the air. The view the young guy must be getting can only be described as sensational. A view I have had the pleasure of on many occasion. Suzi's taut firm buttocks with her tight smooth slit and her pink puckered ring is a delectable vision if ever there was one. Her thong was so slim between her ass cheeks, that with her legs slightly parted, her puckered ring would be partially in sight and her labia would possibly be exposed with the thong slicing in to her pussy. I sat back in my sun lounger, wearing my darkest sunglasses, watching Suzi allow this young guy to explore her body under the premise of rubbing sun tan oil in to her body.
The young guy squirted a substantial amount of oil onto her buttocks and one squirt directly onto her slit and asshole. He began to rub the oil into her calfs and upper thigh, before moving his hands to her buttocks. He slavishly massaged the oil into her firm buttocks, spreading his fingers across her buttocks, with his thumbs moving between her buttocks and deftly touching her smooth slit and the pink tight rim of her asshole.
Suzi smiled as his fingers worked their sexual magic and her eyes rolled lustfully every time his fingertips touched her slit or asshole. He was becoming more bold now as he eased her thong to one side, revealing her tight beautiful slit and tight puckered ring to the elements.
I watched open eyed beneath my dark glasses as he brazenly slid two fingers inside Suzi's pussy. She squirmed as the fingers penetrated her. I could actually hear the squelching sound as his fingers slowly slid in and out of her pussy. I looked at Suzi's face, who was now biting her bottom lip erotically and decided I should feign sleep and see how much further these two would go.
I faked a light snore indicating to the young guy that I was in a deep slumber. Suzi helped the situation by turning her head to the young guy and whispering sexily.
"That's him asleep now. Let's have some fun!" she drawled
He smiled as he fingered her pussy. Suzi rocked her hips slowly enjoying the penetrating sensations his fingers were providing. He moved forward ever so slightly and Suzi's eyes popped wide open.
She moaned softly and whispered.
"Oh fuck yeah! Finger my ass and pussy!"
He had slipped a finger inside her tight rectum and was dutifully finger fucking her pussy and asshole. Suzi spread her arms out, gripping the sun lounger cushion with her talon like fingers. His sexual touching was arousing her almost to the point of orgasm. Suzi looked incredibly sexy and devilishly slutty as the guy pushed his fingers in and out of her exposed pussy and ass. I watched Suzi bite her lip as her orgasm swept through her pussy. She pushed back onto his fingers, forcing them deeper inside her. He realised she was coming and moved his fingers faster. She couldn't hold back now and in a very quiet tone she breathed.
"Fuck me!" and came forcefully. As her body trembled from post orgasmic pleasure she turned her head toward him, smiling seductively and whispered.
"Fancy a dip?" the innuendo was not wasted on him as he smiled nodding positively.
They both climbed off their respective sun loungers and walked down the steps in to the pool. There were very few people around the pool at that moment and no one was paying attention. All of the people were either reading or sunbathing, allowing Suzi and her lover to explore each others body in the solitude of the vacant pool. The pair of them moved to exactly the same spot as yesterday and moved close to each other with just their shoulders and heads out of the water.
The young guy looked over at me to ensure I was still sleeping. Happy that I was still in the land of dreams, he pulled Suzi closer to him until their chests were touching. Suzi placed her arms around his neck and began to kiss him softly yet passionately. I could see her tongue slipping around his as she breathed into his mouth. His hands were below the water and even a blind man could see he was easing her thong away from her slit. She was using the buoyancy of the water to ease herself on to his young hard cock.
He held the side of the pool and slid his length inside her. She clung to him as his cock slid deeper inside her. She began to move slightly but enough to indicate that she was being fucked. She held on to his strong arms and rode him expertly. He was obviously seriously aroused if the tension in his face was any indication, and would be coming soon as Suzi worked her tight silky pussy on his rampant cock. She kissed him again as her body gently swayed in the water. The swaying became a little more urgent as they both approached orgasm. She clung to his body, kissing him passionately as he came deep inside her. Suzi rode his cock to orgasm, mixing her own come with his.
His face was red from the sexual excitement of emptying his load inside my wife. The music around the pool which eliminated any of Suzi's moans or the snarling of the young guys orgasm. Suzi was kissing him softly now in post orgasmic bliss. His hands were cupping her large breasts as he manipulated her magnificent orbs. She whispered something to him which made him nod approvingly.
They both headed back to our sun loungers. The water was dripping off both them as their two perfect bodies glistened in the hot sun. Suzi placed her feet back into her pink stilettos, re-positioned her thong bottoms which was displaying her shaved slit. Once she had covered her beautiful slit, she held the young mans hand and made their way to our room.
Hand in hand they strolled away from our sun loungers, providing a little bit of humiliation if any one was watching. Suzi kissed him as they disappeared in to reception then headed to the lifts to fuck each other senseless in our room. I picked up my drink to take a sip and moved my erection to a comfortable place in my swim shorts. I was to relax by the pool until my stripper slut wife returned after being fucked in every hole and every position by her young lovers cock. I scoped the pool and surrounding area to realise not one single person had witnessed the fabulous live sex show apart from me.
My gorgeous sexy slut wife would now be reliving the moments with his young cock stretching her pussy and asshole. She said yesterday that she wanted his come on her face and assessing the mood she was in after masturbating earlier until the guys above came all over her body, and the oiling, finger fucking and pool sex she had just endured, I was fully expecting her to walk through the reception wearing his spunk on her face as a badge of honour.
They were gone almost two hours before I heard the familiar sound of Suzi's high heels clicking across the pool area. She approached with a smile beaming across her face. with each step she took, I could see his spunk on her ample breasts.
As she got closer I could plainly see thick globules of young man's spunk splashed across her face. Her hair was matted from some of the displaced spunk. She stood at the bottom of my sun lounger, scraping some of his generous deposit off her breasts and licked his spicy young spunk off her fingers. Continuing with her display, she scraped the thick globules of spunk from off her face and repeated the process of licking his cream from her taloned fingers. Smiling at me she climbed on to the lounger with me, bringing her face to mine. I could smell the spunk on her face and matted in her hair. She smiled and kissed me sensually. I could taste his cock on her lips as she slithered her cock flavoured tongue around my own. My erection was almost at bursting point when Suzi slipped her hand beneath my shorts, stroking my cock softly with her delicate fingertips. Less than five strokes had been administered before a huge spurt of cum gushed from my cock, splashing her hand and my stomach. Suzi continued stroking my cock and kissing me softly as she whispered between kisses.
"He fucked me so good with his beautiful young hard cock. I have his cum in my pussy, ass and where you just saw. Take me upstairs and fuck me slowly!" she smiled climbing off my body she handed me my towel. Turning her head toward me she beckoned me to follow her.
"Come on! It's your turn to fuck this slut!"