I would suggest that you read part 1 for this story to make sense.
After a tortuous evening during which Miles had agreed to play a control game set by his gorgeous wife of 15 years. He had signed up for 7 days of being teased and tormented and if he could resist not having sex with her or bringing himself off, he would win having control of her for a night and day. However if he broke and had sex with her then she would have complete control of him for a night and day. The only problem being that he had to make it, which he already sensed was going to be a struggle.
After signing the contract Jessica had insisted on them watching porn while having Miles bring her off 3 times during the film. The porn film was about wife's being shared by their husbands. During the film he was not allowed to touch her unless instructed to do so or bring himself some relief. They eventually went to bed with Jessica not choosing to wear any nightwear and with her cuddling up to him while he laid there with an erection as big as he could ever remember.
Miles woke from a restless sleep during which he was imagining what Jessica could possibly have in store for him on Saturday and also thinking through his own plans should he make it to Saturday. He was about to get out of bed, when Jessica stirred and promptly straddled him on top rubbing his already erect penis along her smooth pussy.
"Morning handsome, let me take you now and so you don't have to play golf with this getting in the way."
Jessica was trying to edge her pussy onto Mile's manhood.
"No way, I'm not that easy to manipulate." He lied unconvincingly.
She slipped off him and wiggled down the bed so that she was breathing onto his dick.
"I could take you in my mouth now Miles and all of this would go away, and I can have my fun on Saturday."
Miles scrambled out of bed upturning Jessica as he did so. She laid on the bed seductively showing all her assets for view. He almost ran into the ensuite to have a cold shower to bring his raw desire down. When he came out Jessica had left the bedroom, he got changed into his golf gear and went downstairs for breakfast.
Jessica was making breakfast for the kids as if nothing had happened and gave him a kiss on the cheek and reminded him.
"Remember we need to get to the party for 6pm so don't be late back from the golf club."
As he drove to the golf club, he felt pleased that he had resisted her second attempt for him to take her and lose the game and was busy thinking about next Saturday night and his plans for Jessica. Something was bugging him though, why watch porn? Jessica hardly ever watched porn and he was slightly spooked at the film that they had watched.
Getting out of his car he noticed he had a WhatsApp from Jessica. Presuming that it would be a job for him to do later or to get something on the way home he casually looked at the message and nearly jumped out of his skin. Jessica had sent a picture with no words. The selfie was of Jessica in a very short black dress in high heels looking very glamourous and sexy. When he met his golf buddies and said hello, there was a second picture sent. This time the picture showed Jessica in a short backless shimmery dress, again with matching high heels. Miles was having trouble keeping up with the conversation with his friends being so distracted. He put his phone away and waiting for his turn to tee off. Almost on que his phone pinged again with another picture of Jessica in a silver skintight jump suit outfit with the words.
"Which outfit do you prefer for me to wear tonight? If you don't know perhaps you can have your friends pick for you."
Miles' head was spinning, his normally demur wife who always dressed impeccably was even thinking of wearing something so sexy.
No more messages came through which left Miles to concentrate on his game of golf, until he got to the 9th hole. He heard the ping and one of his friends commented that he seemed very distracted. Boy if only they knew. He picked up the phone with some apprehension and found a picture of Jessica standing in their dressing area of the bedroom wearing a beautiful set of underwear which he had not seen before. The bra pushed her tits up well and the g string was tiny, again she was wearing high heels. But this wasn't the most provocative part. Her left hand was inside her tiny panties on her pussy. The message underneath read.
"I'm wondering whether these will be obvious with the outfit that I will be wearing -- perhaps I won't wear anything underneath!"
Miles was stunned. The outfits all were tiny and very revealing, and she would surely be flashing people if she didn't wear underwear.
A second message came through.
"I know you like of the idea of me accidentally flashing people, I think no underwear. I need you turned on so much that I can break you nice and early in the game. Tonight, you will take me! xxxx J."
Miles instantly replied.
"No way. I won't break -- do your worse!"
About 5 minutes later a message pinged back.
"You might regret that; I'm going to have fun tonight and make you suffer xxx J."
No more messages came but it was fair to say that it was not his best game of golf.
Miles arrived home at 4pm to find that Jessica and the kids were out, presumably they were being taken to their grandparents. Miles headed for the shower where he found a note from Jessica on the bed.
"Remember no cheating, no cheeky wank in the shower!"
Miles groaned.
Jessica arrived home at 5pm, gave him a kiss and headed upstairs to get ready.
"Taxi arrives at 6pm, I'll be down in shortly."
Miles was left downstairs wondering what his wife had in store for him this evening and thought perhaps he could just accept that she was going to win if this carried on like this. It was only day 2 and Miles was a horny wreck.
Jessica came downstairs just as the taxi had honked his horn so Miles had no time to evaluate the outfit she had chosen as Jessica had a long coat over it, however he could determine that it was a dress, and she had some glittery gold high heels on.
"Come on darling -- let the fun begin." Giving his crutch a quick feel up.
The taxi journey was uneventful with Jessica chatting away about her day with the children as if nothing had happened. They arrived at the house where their friends Joanne and Dave who lived in a big house about 20 minutes away. Miles was still not any the wiser as to Jessica's outfit as they rang the doorbell. The customary kissing cheeks and handshakes later, Dave offered to take Jessica's coat. Jessica undid the coat and faced Dave who in turn did a low whistle in compliment at the outfit.
Joanne said, "You look stunning Jess, Miles you are a lucky man, and you should be in luck later tonight."
Jessica turned around and Mile's chin almost fell to the floor. Jessica was wearing a stunning shimmering blue dress, which was backless and very short to show off her stunning legs with the high heels.
"Wow Jesscia you look amazing." Miles said.
"Good, I intend to break you tonight, Mister." Jessica turned and made her way into the house.
Miles gulped, this was proving to be impossible, and he wondered what had happened to his normally shy wife.
Jessica went off in search of drinks and when Miles caught up with her in the kitchen she was talking to a group of friends, one of his mates pulled him aside.
"Hell Miles, what have you done to Jessica, she looks stunning -- you lucky dog."
Miles smiled a knowing smile, but underneath was thinking on how he could possibly not take his wife tonight.
The party progressed and the dancing started when Jessica and Joanne took to the middle of the living room. Miles noticed that every man there was taking secret looks at his wife who looked radiant. He also noticed that she swirled the hem of her dress rode up slightly which was also noticed by the men and some of the women at the party.
After a few dances Jessica made her way over to Miles who was nursing a beer.
"Not too many of those as I want you really hard for me tonight when you take me. You can do whatever you want to me tonight and I mean anything."
She wandered off and looked over her shoulder with a smouldering look of lust on her face.
"Crap! What am I going to do now." Miles said out loud to nobody in particular.
Later, Miles joined Jessica who was sitting on a corner settee with a group of men and women. As he approached Jessica uncrossed her legs and then recrossed them slowly and looked straight into his eyes. Miles could see that she had a small gold thong on which only just covered her sex. At this point one of the husbands asked if Jessica wanted to dance to which Jessica jumped up and grabbed his hand and said.
"As long as your wife does not mind."
His wife, who was dancing with another man responded.
"I think there will be queue after him so it shouldn't be a problem as long as you bring him back in one piece."
They went off giggling to another room where other people were also dancing. Miles followed shortly afterwards and found them in a very close dance, and he could swear that his friends' hand was on his wife's bottom. He groaned, knowing that she was going to be like this all night. They danced and giggled for a couple more dances before another friend asked for a dance. Jessica swirled around and joined her new partner in another close dance which didn't leave much to the imagination. Jessica was clearly having a great time and occasionally, she would look directly at Miles with a knowing smile.
"Sod it!" He said to himself, we can both play at this game, and he asked the very attractive blond next to him to dance. By now most of the party were dancing and it became more difficult for Miles to see what Jessica was up to.
Miles left the dance floor to get a beer and 5 minutes later Jessica smooched up to him and began to make out with him in the kitchen and exclaimed.
"Come on take me upstairs now and fuck me, I'm dripping!"
She reached down and moved his hand underneath her dress where his hand found her very wet and a very knicker less pussy.
"Where have your knickers gone?"
"Who said that I was wearing any."
"I saw that you were wearing a gold g string when you showed me earlier on the sofa." He said, slightly worried where the knickers had gone.
Jessica was giggling.
"Oh yes, I did didn't I. Well, a girl who is as horny as this sometimes needs some air on her pussy."
"But where did they go Jessica?"
"Well, that would be telling wouldn't it and unless you are going to fuck me then I am still in charge and reserve the right to not tell you!"
With that she made a swirl and went off to get a drink from the fridge from where Joanne appeared from, announcing.
"Jess, a few of us are going to jump in the jacuzzi -- fancy joining us, I think a few of the men would be very eager to see you in there!"
Jessica responded.
"I don't have any swimwear though."
Joanne was smirking and said.
"You could always go in with your underwear."
Jessica leaned and whispered to Joanne.
"Ah I see, you naughty girl. I'm sure I will have something that would fit, follow me."
They both went upstairs giggling and for what seemed an age they both appeared with two other ladies in towels covering themselves. There were howls of booing from the men guests who wanted to see more than towels.
Joanne declared that the Jacuzzi was a girl only area, to which there was more booing from the men. The four women went onto the outside deck and disappeared from view.
Miles joined some of the other men in the kitchen area who were ruing their luck of being excluded from the Jacuzzi.
After an hour the four women reappeared, slightly flushed and disappeared once more upstairs. There was lots of giggling and laughter from upstairs and Miles could only wonder what had got into his conservative wife.
They all came down 15 minutes later still laughing and giggling back into their evening attire and made their way to the fridge for champagne. All four of them looked at Miles and smiled a knowing smile and Joanne came over and whispered.
"Miles you have no chance of winning the game, I know what Jessica has in store for you and you will break."
Miles groaned now knowing that Jessica had discussed their game while in the Jacuzzi. Joanne added helpfully.
"And if she doesn't break you tonight, we have all given Jess lots of ideas to help her with the challenge."
The party gradually drew to a close and Jessica came over to Miles with a smile.
"Are you ready to take me home and do with me what you like?"
Miles said that he would ring the taxi to collect them. Jessica disappeared with Joanne for some more dancing while they waited.
When the taxi arrived Jessica and Miles said their goodbyes and walked to the front gate to get into the taxi. Miles opened the back door for Jessica who slid into the car making sure that she flashed her husband her pussy as she did so. Miles noted that she still did not have her G-string on and wondered where it had gone. He climbed into the car beside his wife who was chatting to the taxi driver. Whilst chatting she casually moved her left hand onto Mile's crutch which instantly responded to her touch, he also noticed that while she talked to the driver, she moved her legs apart, so her pussy was visible to Miles. So here he was in the back of the taxi listening to his gorgeous wife talking about how busy the driver's night had been whist nursing a huge hard on and watching his wife with her legs apart. He could not remember another occasion when she had acted with such abandon in all the years that they had been married.
They got home, at which point Jessica remembered that she had forgot to pick up her coat which had been left at the party.
"Oh well I'll have to collect that tomorrow."
Miles paid and again watched as his wife climbed out of the taxi with her pussy completely on show, her dress had ridden up and he watched in wonder as she walked up the path with her bottom showing to Miles and the taxi driver. She made no attempt to pull her dress down and then when she reached the front door turned around to give the taxi driver a wave, again showing her pussy to him. The taxi driver thanked her for the great tip.
Miles opened the door and once they had walked through Jessica made a simple movement and her dress fell to the floor.
"Please take me now, I need your cock."
Miles was on the edge and moved towards her, then pulled short.
"Nice try and I am very tempted, but I must resist otherwise I have lost the game."
Jessica sighed and walked over to the sofa where she sat down with her legs sprayed open.
"Please walk over here and lick my pussy until I have cum at least 3 times."
To be continued.