Several years ago I decided to take a trip and drove down to the Gulf coast of Florida to Tarpon Springs.
I knew some people in the area so I decided to see them and enjoy the area beaches for a few days.
One friend told me about a clothing optional resort if I wanted to be daring. He knew I was an exhibitionist at heart. I laughed and told him I would think about it.
A couple of days later, I decided to visit the place. I was never shy about exposing myself and figured I would give it a try.
By the way, my name is Tony and I was 70 when I took my trip.
The place was about 40 minutes from Tarpon and I got there in the late morning. I registered and got a tour. After the tour, I undressed and put my stuff in my car all set to enjoy a day nude.
The place was very nice and had trails to walk on. I took a towel and headed down one of the trails.
The sun was out strong and there was a nice breeze. I found myself in a secluded spot overlooking a lake. By this time I had to pee. I looked around and got behind a tree and started peeing.
In a second, I heard a woman's laughter. I turned around as I was still peeing and there was a female nudist watching me with a big smile on her face.
I apologized and was embarrassed as I finished my peeing.
Once I was done, I again apologized and introduced myself. She said her name was Nancy and that she was 75.
I told her this was my first visit and she said she lived at the resort. She also said that she too had pee when on the trails and understood.
She then asked if she could join me and I told her she could. There was a bench at the site, so we sat on our towels and continued our conversation.
Now, let me describe Nancy. She is about 5'5", around 120, brown hair, brown eyes, nice sized breast that sagged a bit and a smooth pussy.
As we chatted, it was obvious that Nancy was an outgoing individual who said what was on her mind, no matter what.
As we chatted, I noticed that she kept looking at my cock and balls. So, I decided to say something.
"Nancy, is there something wrong? You keep looking at my cock and balls?"
She looked at me and said, "Oh, no. I think you have a very nice cock and balls. However, you hide them with all your hair. Personally, I like smoothness. And, I don't get hair in my mouth when I give blow jobs." She said laughing.
I was stunned that she said that and I just laughed. I then said, "Nancy, I am guessing your husband didn't like getting hair in his mouth when he ate you."
She looked at me and said, "That's right, he hated getting my hair in his mouth, so I had to go smooth or he wouldn't eat me anymore."
Then she said, "You know, more people would look at your cock and balls if you were smooth. You do want people to notice them, don't you?"
I laughed and said, "I guess so. As you can see, I am not that big."
Nancy smiled and said, "You have a nice size. I like it. And, what you have will look bigger without hair. I know."
This back and forth went on for awhile and then I told her I wanted to continue my walk. She asked if she could join me and I told her I would like that.
As we walked along the trail, she surprised me by saying, "Tony, come to my place and I'll shave you smooth. Want me to do it?"
I looked at her and smiled and said, "Sure Nancy. I'll do it for you, if you promise to give me a blow job afterwards."
She smiled and said, "Not only will I give you a blow job, but you can stick that thing in my cunt and fuck me. Deal?"
I told her we had a deal and off we went to her house.
As we walked a short distance to her place, my cock started getting hard and Nancy was quick to observe.
"I think your cock is excited about getting a haircut." She said. She continued, "After I get you smooth and we fuck, I am going to show you off to my women friends. Is that ok?"
I told her she could do whatever she liked as I laughed.
As soon as we got to her place, she took me to her bedroom and placed a towel on it and had me lie on it, with my cock now straight up.
Soon she came in with an electric shaver and started manicuring my cock and balls. When she got off as much hair as possible with the shaver, she excused herself.
As I laid there for a few minutes, I couldn't imagine what she was going to do next.
I heard her coming and when I saw her, she had a safety razor, a can of shaving cream, a bowl of hot water and a hand towel.
She rubbed the hot water on my cock and balls, then put the shaving cream on them. She knelt down and started shaving around my cock until the area was completely smooth. Then she started on my balls.
I could feel her pulling the skin on my balls and her shaving the hair off of them. She was meticulous and made sure she got every hair.
In a short period of time, she was finished and rubbed her hands all over my new smoothness.
Then she told me to get up and look in the mirror. She was right. My cock and balls looked bigger than before. My hands ran over my smoothness and I could not feel a hair.
I told Nancy that she did a terrific job and I kissed her.
Once she put everything away, she came back to the bedroom and got on the bed with me. In a second, Nancy had my cock in her mouth and started giving me a blow job.
My hands played with her tits as she continued sucking me. Then I stopped her and told her to get on her back. As soon as she did, I mounted her and slid my cock in her cunt.
I wasted no time in getting into a rhythm and in no time at all, I told her I was going to cum.
She kept telling me to fuck her and that I did. After a few more thrusts, I shot my cum into her as she had an orgasm.
When things quieted down and my limp cock slipped out, Nancy's mouth found my limp cock and got it hard again, as she tasted her own juices and my cum.
We must have spent a couple of hours in bed before she took me out and paraded me around to her women friends.
It was funny when she told them to feel me up and see how smooth she got me. Surprisingly, all of her friends came over and felt my smooth cock and balls and none of them were bothered by my cock's hardness. In fact, they asked me how long I was staying and I told them that I was only there for the day.
Then one of them asked if I would come back so they could benefit from Nancy's work.
I smiled and told them I was flattered and then told them I would think about it and let Nancy know if I would come back...