I wake up early Tuesday morning and feel a little excited. Today is the day my husband and his friend have been planning for over a month to make happen. The only part I know about the plan is that I am supposed to dress in what my husband has provided me for the day and that a car would be here at the hotel around 11am to take me to some place. I was told to just follow along with whatever happens. My husband has already left by 7am so I go back to sleep until around 9 and then get up and shower.
I find the outfit he has left for me to wear. The first piece is a bullet bra made to give me a 50's look. The material is very sheer and the shape makes my tits look like cones with a dark ring at the tip. Then I have a pair of hose that are very white. The panties of the hose have ruffles across my ass and they are crotchless. I have a white sheer silk button up shirt. To top it off I have a black pinstriped jacket and skirt. The jacket is cut with a large U shaped opening to show off my cleavage and the skirt would have been a pencil skirt if it was a little longer. For shoes he gave me a pair of red leather shoes with 6inch heels and a 2 inch platform in front.
When I am done dressing I give myself a look over in the mirror. The bra has my tits looking like I should be in a Madonna video. The shirt is so tight and the bra and shirt are so sheer that it is like walking around with nothing on at all. The only benefit the two pieces give me at all is they make my tits look great standing up high and pointed straight out. I notice the opening in my jacket just covers my nipples if it shifts either way I will be showing everything I have. Now that I have the skirt on I only have 3 or 4 inches from the hem to my pussy. I will need to be care all day on how I sit.
I get a call at 11 telling me my car is here. So I head down to the lobby and the driver meets me at the door. We head out to the car and he lets me into the back of a black Mercedes. I find a letter to me on the seat. It tells me that I am first going to lunch before heading to the office. When I get there I am to stand next to the other models. I am not to talk without being asked first. I am to follow all orders giving to me without question. So after a short drive we pull up to a place called Stringfellows. The driver takes me in and I soon find out the place is an upscale gentleman's club. I am led over to a table with 3 other girls standing in front of it. I notice that all four of use are wearing the same outfit. Looking at each of us I can tell we are all different ages. It looks like we have been placed in order from youngest my guess 25 to oldest guess again 55. Sitting at the table is Eric my husband's friend and 2 other guys I do not know. Next to each of the guys is an extremely good look girl. I assume they are dancers at the club.
I hear Eric tell the other guys that now all the models are hear we can get started. Eric tells them that the new line for this year is going to be retro. He says that with the popularity of show like Mad Men and the Great Gatsby the retro look is bound to be popular. He tells them that he believes that the look works for women of all ages. That is why he has arranged to have models aged 25, 35, 45, and 55.
The guy to Eric right tells him that he likes the idea but he is not sure the idea is practical. He thinks the skirts should be a little longer but would add in a slit up the side. He says that way women can show off just as much leg but with less chance of showing off their panties. The other guy tells them nothing livens his day up like catching a quick glimpse of his secretaries goods when she is bending over. Eric tells them that the plan is to offer several lengths of skirt from the mini here in from of us to floor length. He then pulls a long and a mid-length skirt out of the bag next to him and tell the youngest model and the older model to change their skirts to show them how they will look. Both pull their skirts off and take a new one from Eric and put it on. I notice both of them have full pantyhose and panties on. I think to myself I am glade that he did not ask me to change skirts knowing that I would be showing off a lot more than either of them.
Next Eric has each of us pull up a chair from the next table and sit down and cross and uncross are legs facing them. I sit down carefully and slowly cross my legs making sure to keep my thighs tight together so to not show too much. Even then the guy who was talking about the skirts being too short tells Eric how easy it is to see strait up my skirt. Eric tells me and the girl next to me to uncross our legs and to let our knees open up 6 inches apart or so. We both do and I can tell right away the guys are look right at my exposed pussy.
Eric tells the guy he was right that any woman wearing the short skirt will have to be careful how they move so not to show off too much. He also tells him that she might want to make sure to wear proper knickers and hose if she does not want to be showing her pussy off to everyone like our model is doing now. Even though this is highly embarrassing, I am starting to get really turned on knowing that these guys and the girls next to them are look right up my skirt at my bald pussy. I can feel my nipples getting harder and my pussy getting wet.
The guys keep up the talk about our outfits when I hear Eric tell us to stand up and remove our Jackets so they can see how the shirts look. I take my Jacket off and lay it on the table. My nipples are now completely hard and poking out through the thin sheer material of my bra and shirt. I'm looking at the other models I notice I am the only one with a completely sheer bra but the others bras don't cover much more than mine. All of the guys take no time pointing out how nice my tits look under my shirt.
The one guy says he likes the old style bra but if they were going to market them they would have to have them a little less sheer. He says they cannot have women walking around with their nipples poking out through their shirt like mine are or the sexual harassment lawsuit would be going through the roof. He tells them he knows he could not keep his hands off of tits that look like that especially with nipple sticking out as far as mine are. The all laugh and Eric ask the girl that is now sitting on his lap what she thinks of my tits. She tells him if she had cones like that she would be making a lot more money.
The guys keep talking about our outfits for another 10 minute or so before Eric tells us that is enough for now. He tells us to head back to the office and that the photo shot will be starting shortly. I reach down to take my jacket back but he tells all of use to leave them.
So I head back out of the place to go find my driver. He is sitting in the lobby and when he sees me his eyes are looking straight at my tits.
He tells me to follow him that he had to park the car a few blocks over. It is now just after noon and as soon as we walk out of the club I can see the sidewalks are completely packed. The sun is out bright and the temp is in the 40's. So my shirt is totally transparent and the cold has my nipples rock hard. Every single person that walks by is checking out my tits. Several guys make commits but I do my best to ignore them.
When we finally get to the car, the driver lets me into the back. I can tell he is watching to see if he can catch a quick peek up my skirt. As I get in I first set down and then bring my right leg in so that I have my legs spread wide before I bring my left leg in. The whole time I am watching his face but his eyes never leave my crotch.
He says he knows he should not ask but would I mind if he takes a picture of me. He says that no one will ever believe he drove around anyone that looks as good as I do and dressed as hot as I am. I tell him I would be more than happy to pose for him. So once he has his camera out I sit back and he take a few pics of me. I give him several poses with my legs closed and some with them spread wide. I then move back over to the door and put my left leg back out on the sidewalk so that my legs are fully spread out and ask him if he like this pose.
He clicks off several more shot. I tell him I have one more pose I think he will like. I turn around and get on all four with my ass facing him so that my ruffled covered ass is completely out of my skirt facing him and he takes a couple more quick shots. I sit back up and call him over to me and then give him a deep kiss and run my hand over the large bulge in his pants, before I tell him we need to get going.
Eric's office is on Oxford Street almost to the corner of Bond Street. The driver stops on Bond and tells me that I just need to walk a block up Oxford and gives me the address. So I get out and start walking towards the office. The crowds are crazy this time of day on Oxford and I am trying to watch for the address to find the office and I keep running into people and the whole time I know anyone looking at me is checking out my tits. I find his office and go in and tell the receptionist that I am here to meet Eric. He tells me to sign in and that someone would be out shortly to get me. As I am waiting, I notice the guy is watching me closely.
Finally one of the guys from the club comes out and leads me back into a studio and takes me over to a makeup table and tells me that someone would be over shortly to do my makeup before the shoot starts. A guy comes over a few minutes later and tells me to just sit back and relax while he does my hair, and face up. It takes him about an hour to finish. When he is done my hair has been pulled back and put up in a tight bun on the back of my head. He has used a very white power on my face and neck and upper chest so that my skin is almost as white as my shirt. He has added very dark eye liner and very glossy red lip stick so that I almost look Asian. When he is done, I he hands me back my Jacket and tells me to go stand over in front of the cameras and they would be with me shortly.
After a while Eric, the 2 guys from the club and several other guys that turn out to be the camera and lighting crew come in. The set is all green screen with a table in the center also covered in all green, there are two TV cameras located to each side, and the photographer (his name is John) has several cameras on tripods. He also has a few cameras on a table in front of the set.
John tells me to move to the center of the table and sit with my hands resting out to the side on the table. He tells the camera guys to center in on me and I can see myself on several of the screen around the room and watch as the camera moves in and out of focus. Another person is adjusting the lights which are so bright that they are hurting my eyes a little. John tells me to turn in several different poses, has me stand up, and has me walk around the table a few time as he is watching the monitors.
Once he is satisfied things are set he calls over Eric and tells him they are ready. Eric moves up behind John and says we will be ready once they have everyone online and logged into the call. I hear several beeps that I recognize as people logging into a conference call.
Eric start out by thanking ever for joining the call today and that he is sure this will be well worth their time. Eric walks over to me and tells me today we have several special guess joining us. That I am going to be providing them exactly what they want to see. I am told I will follow each of the instruction I am give quickly and without hesitation or I will be given the proper incentive to not disobey again. He tells everyone the rules are that each person can request one action to take place. Once the action has been completed the next person can make their request. Once everyone has had a chance the second round will start and once again each person will get one additional request. After the call a HD blue-ray will be sent to everyone on the call today's.
Eric says Mr. " " has been selected for the first request. I then hear my husband voice and he says please have her remove her jacket and skirt. Then do several slow turns for us. I look at Eric to see if they are being serious. Which was my first mistake of the session; because he quickly slaps me on the ass with a riding crop I did not notice he had. He tells me I was told to follow orders without question. I can fell a welt starting on my ass. I reach up and undo my jacket and drop it on the ground and undo my skirt and lay it on my jacket. I then do several slow turns.
Next Eric says Mr. Dragos has been selected to go next. I hear someone with a very thick eastern European accent. I do not know the voice. He tells me to remove my shirt and stand with my arms and legs outstretch. Also please have the camera pan over her with a close up. I must have taking too long to start undoing my shirt because Eric gave me a second slash with his crop. This time it hurt even more because I only had my pantyhose as protection. Once my shirt is off I hold my arms strait out and move my feet apart about 2 feet.
Then one of the camera guys moves in front of me and I watch on the screen as the camera slowly moves from my head to my toes stopping to highlight my tits and my exposed pussy. He then moves behind me and does the same thing on the backside of me. I can see two bright red welts on my upper thighs on the monitor.
Next Eric says Mr. " "has been selected to go next. I hear the voice of my boss, Scott, telling me to kneel on the table with my ass towards the camera and to use my hands to pull open my pussy lip. He then says once I am in the correct position the camera should do a close up shoot.
Before Eric has a chance to swat me another time I turn and climb on to the table and bend over, I use both of my hands to pull the lips of my pussy apart. Eric moves closer to me, forced my head all the way to onto the table, and tells me to spread my legs further. I am trying to do this as I feel the third slash of his riding crop. This time it was on my right inner thigh. He tells me to spread my legs more. My legs are now spread out almost as far as I can get them and I sit like this as the camera guy moves in to get a close up shot of my pussy and ass. I also hear the camera clicking away.
Eric says Ms. Yoshida has been selected next. The voice is of a Chinese lady. She tell me to stand up and remove my bra and then squeeze and pinch my nipple until she say stop. I stand up and remove my bra and face the camera and start to play with my nipples. Once again I feel Eric slash across my ass and tell me to squeeze and pinch them don't just play with them. So I squeezed them hard and pull on them so that my nipples are being stretched out. The whole time I can see the TV cameras are showing close up of my nipples and the photographer is clicking away. After a while my nipples are starting to hurt and finally she tells me to stop.
Eric says Mr. Nair has been selected next. A voice of with an Indian accent tells me to lie on the desk, spread my legs wide, and hold my pussy lips wide open. He then asked to have one of the camera men insert the glass probe into my pussy until they hit the back wall of my pussy. I have no idea what he is talking about but I get up on the table and spread my legs and pull back the lips of my pussy.
The camera guy that has been doing the close up moves up and I can see a clear shot of my pussy on the screen. The photographer is on the other side clicking away. The other TV camera guy moves up holding what looks like a glowing glass dildo. Without saying anything to me he moves the probe up my pussy and starts to slowly push it in. On one of the screen I can actually see the inside of my pussy. The probe must have a video camera inside it. The probe is a little bigger than a normal dildo but I am so horny and wet by now that it slides right in.
The probe feels great sliding in but I keep my eyes on the screen because I am totally amazed by the sight of what the inside of my pussy looks like. After about 9 or 10 inches of the going into me it finally is pushing at the back of my vagina. The guy on the phone tells the camera guy to fuck me with the probe until told to stop. The camera man starts to slowly pull the probe almost out and then pushes it back all the way in.
After he has repeated this seven or eight time I let my finger slide up to my clit and start to rub it. I can feel an orgasm build up when Eric slaps one of my nipples with his crop and tell me I was not told to touch my clit. The man finally tells the camera guy to stop and he pulls the probe out and they all move away from me.
Eric says and finally we have Mr. " " with the last request. I know the voice right away as that of John the shop supervisor who I work with every day. He tells me he wants to watch me deep throat the same probe I was being fucked with. I climb up on the table and sit on my feet with my knees wide apart and then the camera guy brings over the probe and I take it from him.
Once again I can see a close up of on the screen of my face and hear the camera clicking away. I take the probe in both hands and lean my head way back. I then place the tip of the probe into my mouth and start to slide it in. I can taste my own pussy juice on it. When I feel the probe reach the back of my throat I still have at least another foot left out of my mouth. Looking at the screen quickly I can see down my throat from the camera in the probe.
I then start to move the probe into my throat. I can feel it stretching my throat as it continues to push it in. I have always been able to take the whole length of any man's cock into my mouth. Sense this probe was way longer than anything I have ever tried I did not think I would be able to get the entire thing down my throat. I am able to maybe get another 6 or 7 inches into me before I have to let it back out so that I can breathe. Once I catch my breath I slide it back in and down my throat. I am able to get made 12 or 13 inches in but that is all I can do and I take it back out.
Eric tells me that will do and the camera man comes and takes the probe. He then tells everyone that we are ready to start the second round. With that Eric tells them to bring in the other props. The door opens and 5 people come in. Three of them are the models from earlier and with them there are 2 men.
The very first thing I notice is that the model that was closes to me, the one I though was about 35 has a great pair of tits. Here tits were close to the size of mine maybe 34D. The second thing I noticed about her is that she has a cock that is bigger than my husband. I have seen other shemale's but never one that looks like a high end female model. The other two models are really women. Very beautify and both have great bodies. All three of them are completely nude.
The first guy is very tall maybe 6'5" or so and has the darkest black skin I have ever seen. He is completely hairless and his body has been oiled so that his skin shined under the lights. The other guy was his complete opposite. He is about the same height as the other guy but has the whitest skin, almost to the point of being an albino. He too has no hair anywhere on his body. Both guys have large cocks that might be about the same width as the probe but close to 8 or 9 inches in length.
Eric start by saying Ms. Yoshida will go first this round. She tell me to drop to my knees I am to give a below job to the shemale until it cums on my face and tits. I kneel down, the shemale moves in front of me, and I take its cock into my hand and guide it into my mouth. I start to work up and down on its cock until I am working it entire cock in and out of my mouth. When it starts to cum I pull the cock out of my mouth and it shots cum on my face and tits. When it is finally done the guy that did my makeup comes over and cleans my face and chest and touches up my lip stick.
Eric then tells Scott it is his turn. Scott tells the black guy to lie down on the table on his back. I am told to climb on top of him and to take his cock into my pussy. He also tells the older model to stand above me and I am to lick her pussy until the guy is ready to cum and then both me and the other lady need to allow him to cum on are faces. So I get on top of the guy and work his cock into me and he holds my hips still as he starts to fuck up into me.
Once he gets into a rhythm, the model moves up and puts one of her legs over my shoulder. I then start to lick and suck on her pussy and clit. After a few minutes I start to cum and I tighten up my pussy muscles on the guys cock.
After a few more strokes he tells us he is ready so we move and both of us put our lips around his cock head and I start to lick it and the other model is doing the same. When he cums it shoot straight up and then comes back down and lands on both are faces. When he is done cumming I sit up and once again the makeup guy cleans me up.
Eric then tells us that it is Mr. Nair's turn. He tells me to put on the strap on dildo and have the young model lean over the table. I am to fuck her with until I am able to make her cum. I am handed the strap on and it has a dildo on my side and a vibrator so that I need to inset the dildo first and then the vibrator is lined up so that it is pressing on my clit.
Once it is on I move up behind the model and slide the extra-large dildo into her pussy. Each time I push the dildo into her the dildo in me is pushed further in and the pressure on the vibrator on my clit is increased and each time I pull out of her the presser is less on me. I start out moving in and out of her slowly until I could feel my own orgasm building up. When I start to cum I shove the dildo into her pussy as hard as I can to ride out my orgasm with the vibrator pressing hard on my clit.
The next then I know I received several quick and very painful lashes from Eric's crop and was told to continue fucking her until she cums like I was told. So I start to fuck her again with quick deep strokes. I am still cumming and my orgasm does not seem to be ending with the constant presser on my clit and pussy. Also at the same time my ass is burning from the many lashes I have got from Eric.
Finally when I did not think I could keep going because my legs felt like rubber the model finally cums and I am allowed to pull out of her and remove the strap on. I am getting worn-out from the constant activity without a break.
Eric then says that it is John's turn. John tells the white guy to left me up so that I am sucking his cock and the guy is licking my pussy. We are to continue until the guy cums in my mouth. The guys moves over to me and bends over and wraps his arms around me and then lefts me up and turns me upside down. He repositions me until I can get his cock into my mouth and I reach around and wrap my arms around his ass to help hold me up.
I then start to bob my head up and down on his cock. Next he leans his head down and starts to like my pussy. The longer this goes I start to get very light headed with the blood rushing to my head. By now I was just wishing he would cum already so I could get back to my feet. So I start to suck harder and concentrate more on the tip of his cock. When he finally cums I let the first shot or 2 go into my mouth and then pull back and let the last few shoot shot on my face and forehead. When he let me back down I almost fall onto the table and I am completely disoriented. I am so happy that we have to take a break to allow the makeup guy to clean me up again.
Eric tells us that it is my husband's turn to choose. He tells me and the older model to sit on the table facing each other. I am told to take off my right shoe. I am told I have to fuck the model with my big toe while licking and sucking on her toes and feet. I reach down and remove my shoe and loosen my hose so I can separate my big toe from my other toes. I then tell her to pull her lips apart and I work my toe into her pussy.
I then take both her feet and bring them up to my face. She is wearing open toed sandals so I start by running my tongue in between each toe on both feet and then moved back and slowly take each toe into my mouth and suck and lick each one. The whole time I am working my big toe in and out of her pussy. I am almost disappointed when she starts to cum before I am able to make it back to each of her toes. We both get back up and once again the makeup guy fixes my lipstick.
Eric tells us that Mr. Dragos is the last person. He tells me he wants to watch the shemale fuck me while I suck on its tits. So I lay back on the table and the shemale climbs between my legs and works its cock into me. I reach up and grab both of its tits and start to suck on one nipple and then the other. I am amazed by how its tits felt completely natural. I was sure that they had to be implants.
It is now driving into me with very quick deep strokes and I am biting its nipples and holding them between my teeth and pulling on them. Once again I start to cum as it keeps pumping me. I wrap my legs around its back and use them to help it pump harder into me. Before he can cum I have my second orgasm and finally can feel him cumming in my pussy and it collapses on top of me. When he finally climbs off of me I sit up and Eric tells everyone that is the end of the show. He tells them that the video and book will be mailed to them as soon as they can get everything put together.
With that the camera are all turned off and Eric leads me into the next room where I find my husband sitting in front of a large flat screen. He holds out his arms and I move over and sit down on his lap. He asks me how it felt to be the star of my very own high end porn video. I punch him in the shoulder and tell him I cannot believe he would plan anything like this. He tells me you know you loved it. He also tells me Eric is playing me 10g up front for the video and pictures and that we would receive an additional $20 for each unit sold.
I tell him I can't have a video of me setting on every adult store around. He tells me not to worry Eric only sell these videos to select people willing to pay for his unique style of film. He also tells me that Eric will be sending us 10 sets of the completed package that we can give to anyone we chose.
My Husband then asks Eric what did he think, how did his wife do compared to some of the others he has filmed in the past. He tells us I did a great job and cannot believe it went this good. He tells me the other woman knew before what was going to happen to them. He says he cannot believe that I did not even once try to protest what was happening to me. I told him I was a little freak out until I heard my husband's voice and then I calmed down because I know he would never let anything happen to me.