My wife Beth and I have been married for 15 years. We have had a great marriage and been blessed with a now teenage daughter.
When we dated Beth and I had great adventures and hot sex.
The birth of our daughter and many life issues has caused us to have our sexual relationship come to a complete halt.
My wife seemed to lose total interest in anything sexual.
My wife and I are both in our early 50's. Beth is a tall blonde with great boobs and a beautiful butt! When we dated we often drank a lot, which often led to wild sex. My wife absolutely was amazing at giving blow jobs! She seemed to have a huge appetite for sex.
I have always had a fascination for the nudist lifestyle. Years ago I talked her into going to a nudist contest at a local club. Beth seemed to be ok with it, but we both kept our clothes on sadly.
I have tried many angles in trying to get my wife to open up again sexually! Secretly I have also had a desire to see Beth screwed by another man.
It was about a month ago that after a few beers I suggested we go to a nudist resort. She immediately was taken aback and blew it off. I explained that the resort was clothing optional and she could stay dressed.
I totally expected it to end there. One morning while getting ready for work, my wife stunned me and said she would go. I showed her the Club's website and assured her she could stay clothed.
We made a decision to go on a Saturday morning to the club. My wife as usual dressed conservatively as we prepared to make the half hour drive. We stopped at a local liquor store and picked up a case of beer. We pulled into the parking lot and dreamed what was next.
We walked into the clubhouse where the attendant was a large breasted older lady who checked us in.
We went in and parked the car and started the adventure. Beth and i decided to walk the camp grounds, where almost everyone was butt naked!! The crowd was a mix of old and young. We walked around the grounds and up to pool where there must have been 50-60 people lounging by the pool. The sign on the gate to the pool dampered my excitement. "You must be nude to enter pool area". I turned to my wife and she said I guess you are out of luck. It sure seemed like our trip was going to be a short stay.
As we walked back to the clubhouse I noticed a very well hung young man walk by. My eyes caught my wife checking him out. I joked with her and she denied but giggled.
We then approached a grassy area where there were tents set up. It looked like some overnight quests stayed here. We grabbed our lounge chairs and started to have a few beers. Once again the guy with the Huge cock walked by, could it be he was checking out my wife?
Soon thereafter a couple came pulling up to the tent area. They parked close by to us. They both seemed to be about our age in their early 50's. The couple pulled out a tent and started to set it up. I noticed they were struggling getting their tent up. My wife and I walked over and volunteered to help them. After a few minutes their tent was up. They introduced themselves as Lisa and Paul. They asked of they could pull their lounge chairs by us. We, of course, said yes. For about 15 minutes we made small talk and seemed to have a lot in common. Suddenly Lisa got up and said it was time to get comfortable. She pulled her shirt and bra off to reveal some amazing breasts. She then pulled down her shorts and panties to unveal her shaved pussy. While, I was discretly checking Lisa out, my wife was checking out Paul who disrobed to reveal a large cock. They sat back down and resumed some small talk. I know I was feeling very out of place being still clothed. At this point I had no idea on how Beth was feeling. She did seem more and more relaxed after each beer we drank.
It was at this point that I had to break the beer seal. I walked about into the clubhouse and quickly did my business.
When I walked back to the group I was in total shock. My wife was sitting there topless. Her breasts looked amazing. I walked up with a huge adrenaline rush. My wife said your turn big boy. I was butt ass naked within seconds.
After a few more beers we made the trek back to the clubhouse to play a few games of pool. The four of us laughed and were having a great time.
Lisa them asked Beth to go to the restroom with her. As Paul and I were talking I heard my wife's voice ask for the car keys. I turned around and she was totally naked. WOW!
As we finished a game of pool, the guy with the large cock walked by and seemed fixated on my wife. I heard her and Lisa whispering to each other and then laugh.
Now that Beth was naked we decided to head over to the pool. It was a true delight to watch Beth's naked butt move in front of us.
We gathered our towels and went over to find four pool chairs. We sat down and I think all four of us were secretly checking out our surroundings. I looked up and the big cock guy was across the pool looking at us by the showers. I jumped up and told my wife I was going to get a quick shower. I walked over and introduced myself to the guy who introduced himself as Mike. I asked him if he would come over and put some sun screen on my wife. We walked back with Mike and introduced him to my wife as well as Paul and Lisa. I told my wife to roll over so Mike could put some sun screen on her. If looks could kill, my wife gave me a glare but rolled over anyway.
Mike slowly started rubbing my wife's back. He seemed a little shy to do more. I directed him to make sure he got her butt. As he started rubbing lotion on her butt, I could see my wife squirming. On her own she rolled over and directed him to get her legs and arms. I told him don't forget her boobs. He slowly massaged and there was no doubt my wife was enjoying this. I mentioned to not forget to her pussy. He massaged my wife as his cock was simply inches from my wife's mouth. As he finished I told Beth to give him a kiss for this. She grabbed his semi-erect cock and put the tip in her mouth. She quickly went up and down on his cock a few times before I told her she probably couldn't do that there.
After about an hour Beth, Lisa, Paul and I went for a walk on the wooded trails. Suddenly we stopped and Lisa went down on Paul giving him a blowjob. I motioned Beth to lay down where I started to go down on her pussy. She was squirming as I saw Mike walk back by. I motioned him to come over. He stood above my wife now fully erect. As I was going down on her she started sucking Mike's dick. Beth told him to give her his load. She swallowed his cum as she was squirming from me eating her out.
We walked back to the Tent area and had a few more beers. Paul and Lisa mentioned that they had a DJ and a dance on the clubhouse that night. By this time we were both buzzed and still butt naked.
It was time to get ready to go to the dance. Lisa suggested that Beth and her go shower. Paul and I made some small talk as I looked over at the open outdoor shower.
The girls were showering together. Beth was washing Lisa's breast and vice versa. I looked up and Beth was eating Lisa's pussy. They soon switched as a small audience gathered to watch. They came walking back like giddy school girls.
Next was the decision on what to wear to the dance. Paul and Lisa informed us that most people where some kind of dress to the dance. Regretfully we brought no change of clothes with us and changed back into our conservative clothes.
We walked into the clubhouse and there was a huge variation of dress. Most were dress scandily in some fashion. I saw see-through nighties, short skirts, some topless and a few totally naked.
The four of us sat together at a table and continued to booze it up. The DJ then announced it was someone's birthday. The lucky guy sat on a chair on the dance floor. The DJ played music as a large gathering of ladies gave their own erotic dance for him. Beth and Lisa laughed as this went on. As the line shrunk I encouraged them to give the young man their best. They walked over and jumped on line. Beth's time was up, she walked over and removed her shirt and bra. The young man, who looked to be on his 30's, quickly gave Beth's breast a kiss. My wife responded by pulling down his shorts and gave him a quick kiss on his dick.
We all continued to drink heavily as the dance went on. As the night was finishing and clothes were disappearing a young black man with a see thru thong came by our table. My wife, still topless from the dance earlier, went out to the dance floor where the young black man was dancing. My "shy" wife went up and pinched his butt. They soon started slow dancing. I looked up wife was pulling his thong down to the floor. He was beyond well hung. The young man responded by pulling my wife's shorts to the floor. They soon were naked as jaybirds and making out on the dance floor.
It has always been a fantasy of mine to watch my mind Fuck a Big Black Cock.
When they returned to the table I suggested we go for a walk. We walked over to the outdoor shower area. My wife didn't waste any time engulfing his 10 inch cock in her mouth. Lisa also came over and sucked his cock as well. The young man then bent my wife over and started Fucking her. My wife was shivering from joy. As the young man was about to cum, my wife pulled his cock in her mouth and swallowed as much as she could.
The young man quickly vanished.
We returned to the tent area with Paul and Lisa. They asked us to stay the night in their tent. We decided to all shower together. Beth and I were under one shower head and Paul and Lisa the other one. Soon Lisa grabbed Beth's hand and we switched partners.
At this point it was about 2 A.M. and we headed back to the tent. We Fucked and sucked for another hour or so.
We woke up around 10 A.M. where we lounged around the pool for a few hours before having to head home!!