"Alright Korova, we'll now start the enema and douche," said Dr. Smudir as he patted her right inner thigh.
Kora looked around the room. There were eleven men who were all watching her. And she was not wearing a stitch of clothing.
"Could we please used the privacy curtain and modesty drape?" she asked.
"What for?" said Dr. Miloza. "Everyone has already seen you naked. Don't get shy on us all of a sudden."
"We're all medical professionals," said Dr. Carolia, who had just given Kora an unwanted orgasm. "You're in a scientific environment. We're just performing a necessary procedure."
"You kmow, we're providing you with topnotch health care," Dr. Brovachik pointed out.
"You should be much more grateful, Miss Bainne," said Mr. Kholod. His tone was stern as he looked at her disapprovingly.
"I'm sorry," Kora mumbled. "Thank you for everything you're doing for me."
"I realize it might feel a little uncomfortable undergoing a douche and an enema," said Dr. Sokolov from The Scientific Research Center. "But if your orifices are clean, it will be easier for your body to absorb the hormonal treatment from the vaginal and rectal suppositories."
"You need that hormonal treatment," Dr. Smurdir insisted. "Your body is so immature and underdeveloped for your age. Trust us, Korova. You will be thankful we gave you this medication."
Kora's stomach flip-flopped. While it was true that she was slim and flat-chested, Kora did not particularly like the idea of changing her body. It did not seem medically necessary. And she certainly did not like the idea of her hormones being manipulated.
However, Kora knew that she could not leave Vulmonia, and return home to America, until she completed three months of community service.
And she could not get started on her community service unless she first passed the required medical examination.
And it appeared that the doctors would not let her pass the medical exam until she underwent the hormonal treatments.
Kora angrily clenched her fists, realizing that she had no choice in the matter.
Dr. Brovachik opened up the cabinet under the sink. He pulled out several plastic bottles containing various mixtures used for internal cleansing. He then pulled out a large rubber bulbus douche and three attachable nozzles of varying sizes.
"I think we'll use the largest nozzle," said Dr. Brovachik, grinning through his dark beard.
"Not so fast," Dr. Miloza cautioned. "Korova is still a virgin... technically."
"A virgin? You're kidding," Dr. Carolia snorted. "A twenty-two year old American girl? A virgin?"
"Well, I certainly wasn't expecting that!" laughed Dr. Sokolov.
"Miss Bainne is a lesbian," Mr. Kholod explained. "She and her girlfriend engage in cunilingus. But she's never had a cock in her pussy."
"Her hymen is still intact," Dr. Smurdir informed all the men in the room. "She's tighter than the lid on a brand new jar of pickles."
"Really?" Dr. Vlangar raised a skeptical eyebrow.
"If you don't believe us, feel for yourself," suggested Dr. Miloza.
Dr. Vlangar walked over to the foot of the exam table. He stood in between Kora's ankles, which were raised up and widely separated by the gynecological stirrups.
He looked closely at Kora's vulva. Her large puffy outer lips were covered in dark blond downy hair. Her dark pink inner lips glistened with moisture. They were long and framed the opening to her tight passage.
Kora stared up at him and held her breath, anticipating what he might do next.
He looked directly at her face and smirked as her began to stroke her labia minora.
"She does produce an excessive amount of moisture, doesn't she?" Dr. Vlangar observed.
"She's obviously excited," Dr. Yavlov reasoned. "Afterall, Dr. Carolia just gave her an orgasm moments ago."
Dr. Vlangar lightly stroked the shaft of Kora's clitoris. Kora kept her lips pressed firmly together, trying not to make any sounds. But she could not help but sharply inhale. "She's quite sensitive."
"And she's only going to get more sensitive," Dr. Sokolov declared.
"Why do you say that?" asked Dr. Kaldoff.
"The medication we're going to give her will balance her hormones and improve her mammary development. But the hormonal treatment will also increase her sex drive," Dr. Sokolov explained. "It will make her clitoris and vagina even more sensitive than they already are now."
"Interesting..." Dr. Vlangar smiled as he gently massaged Kora's little nub. He looked her right in the eye. "How do you feel about that, Korova?"
"I... I... I... don't... know..." Kora stuttered. "Is that... re...re...really... ne...ne...necessary?"
Dr. Vlangar plunged his middle finger into her slick sheath. Kora let out a surprised high-pitched yelp.
Why was he not wearing gloves, she wondered.
"My god, she is tight!" Dr. Vlangar declared.
"We told you," Dr. Miloza chuckled.
"Let me have a feel," Dr. Carolia grunted. He dismissively gestured for Dr. Vlangar to move out of the way.
He made his way over to the foot of the exam table an inserted his index finger and pressed against Kora's vaginal walls. Kora groaned in discomfort.
"I thought you felt tight as I was masturbating you," he said as he withdrew his digit. He then tried to slip both his index and middle fingers into her wet passage. He came up against quite a bit of resistance. "My goodness! You ARE a virgin," he concurred as he stubbornly inched his thick fat fingers into Kora's narrow opening.
Kora grimaced as her flesh was forcibly stretched.
As he removed his fingers from her, he looked down and saw that they were coated in Kora's vaginal fluids.
"She might be a virgin," he said. "But she is most definitely aroused."
He took his two wet fingers and slid them against her moist folds before circling the head of her clit. Kora could not stop an amorous moan from slipping out.
Suddenly Dr. Carolia gave her vulva an unexpected, stinging slap. Caught off guard, Kora squealed. The men in the room all laughed.
"I don't care if she's technically a virgin," Dr. Carolia said. "She's still a naughty little slut."
Kora winced in embarrassment as she looked around the room at all of the amused faces of the men. How could her lawyer let this happen? Why would doctors behave in this way?
One by one, all of the men lined up and eagerly took turns feeling Kora's virgin pussy.
"I cannot get more than two fingers into her," said Dr. Kaldoff. "How did she stay a virgin for so long?"
"She went to a women's college," Mr. Kholod answered.
"What's the point of even sending a woman to university?" Dr. Carolia scoffed. "A women's college. Ridiculous!"
Mr. Uday, the engineer from The Scientific Research Center, eagerly took his turn. He slid his middle finger into Kora's tight twat. He searched the front wall of her vagina for her g-spot. Kora groaned as his fingertip rubbed against the sensitive area of spongy tissue.
"It looks like I'm going to have to design some extra small stimulation devices." He readjusted his thick glasses with left free hand. He continued to finger her with his right. "Your cunt is so narrow. I'm going to have to build a custom-made vaginal vibrator to fit inside your tiny pussy." He stared at her and smiled creepily. "Of course there should be no problem using a regular clitoral stimulator on you," he said.
He stroked her clitoris with his thumb and Kora's hips jerked. Mr. Uday smiled smugly. Inwardly Kora cursed at herself. All of these men disgusted her. Why was she behaving like if she was turned on?
As the men continued to take turns fingering her, Kora stared up at the ceiling. She kept meticulous track of who had already taken a turn. She could not wait for it to be over.
Kora was then shocked and horrified to see that even her attorney was joining the queue. As Mr. Kholod took his chance, he felt around inside of Kora's most private place. "As a public defender, I don't earn the highest salary," he said. "So I must take advantage of unexpected perks when they come along."
Dr. Brovachik reached toward Kora's pubic mound. He tugged at the dark blond hair between her legs. "I think we should shave her."
"Definitely," Dr. Carolia agreed. "But let's save that for later. For now, let's get on with the douche and the enema. Then Dr. Sokolov can administer her hormonal treatment."
Kora could not help but notice several men in the room smelling their fingers. She wanted to melt into the floor and disappear. Her humiliation was overwhelming.
Dr. Miloza wheeled over a tall pole with an enema bag hanging from it. "Today, we'll just fill you up with one and a half liters of enema solution," he told her. "Soon we'll work you up to three liters. And then eventually four liters. But let's start off small for now."
"You're going too easy on her," Dr. Vlangar said in a challenging tone.
"She'll be taking significantly larger enemas in a few days," Dr. Carolia asserted.
Dr. Miloza squirted some lubricant onto his first two fingers and spread the cold gel around Kora's anus. Kora whimpered and shivered. Dr. Miloza then coated the nozzle at the end of the tube in the clear goop. He then proceeded to insert the enema nozzle into Kora's anus.
Kora closed her eyes and grimaced as her back passage was invaded.
Dr. Miloza unfastened the clamp on the tube. And before long the soapy mixture in the enema bag began to make it's way through the tube and into Kora's rectum.
The fluid was warm. As it entered her, Kora unexpectedly sighed.
"I think she likes it," Dr. Vlangar smirked and the men all chuckled. Kora blushed.
Dr. Miloza put a hand on Kora's belly and stroked her still flat tummy. "There's nothing wrong with that," he smiled as he rubbed her stomach. "I'm glad she likes it," he grinned.
As the enema water continued to flow, Kora's bowels soon began to cramp. "Oof," she whimpered.
"Don't worry Korova. It's normal to experience cramps," Dr. Miloza said in a soothing voice. He pressed more firmly on her abdomen and began massaging her stomach in earnest.
Kora's tummy was sensitive and she flinched as Dr. Miloza massaged her. But she did not attempt to stop him. She wanted relief from the cramps, which were growing stronger.
"Could you slow down the flow of the water please?" she asked as her taut belly expanded.
"Just take slow deep breaths, Korova," advised Dr. Carolia.
"The cramps will eventually pass," Dr. Brovachik promised.
As Dr. Miloza continued to rub Kora's stomach, Dr. Carolia walked over to the exam table and began tweaking and pinching Kora's nipples.
"Oh!" Kora blurted out.
Dr. Brovachik walked to the foot of the exam table with the rubber douching bulb. He had attached the narrowest nozzle to it. With his free hand, he began rubbing Kora's vulva, sliding his fingers through her nether lips.
"Ooooooh..." Kora moaned.
"We're just trying to take your mind off of your cramps," Dr. Carolia explained.
"Yes, Korova," said Dr. Brovachik as he rubbed her clitoris. "Just focus on your teats and your pussy."
Should a professional medical doctor really be saying "pussy," Kora silently pondered. And why did he say "teats?" Why would he not just say nipples?
"Do you like the way Dr. Brovachik is touching your cunt?" Dr. Carolia asked as he twiddled her little pink nubs between his thumbs and forefingers.
Should a professional medical doctor be saying cunt?
Kora remained silent, not knowing how to answer Dr. Carolia's question.
Dr. Brovachik slid his finger up and down the right side of Kora's clitoris. Kora closed her eyes and let out a deep long exhale. He then began stroking the left side of her sensitive little bud. As the moist tip of his finger slid down the shaft toward the head of her clit, Kora writhed on the exam table and cried out, "OH GOD!"
"I hope you gentlemen are taking notes," said Dr. Carolia as he looked over at Drs. Vlangar, Yavlov and Kaldoff.
"Absolutely," Dr. Kaldoff assured the senior physician.
"This is all very helpful for our study on the female sexual response," nodded Dr. Yavlov.
Both young doctors were diligently filming the entire procedure on their smartphones.
"This is some of the best data we've collected so far," agreed Dr. Vlangar as he snapped a photo of Kora's naked body with his large camera.
Kora's stomach was quickly reaching its limit. "Oh god..." she groaned. "I can't take much more... oooooh..."
"Relax," said Dr. Carolia, sounding slightly irritated. "You're almost halfway there."
"Halfway?" Kora squawked. Her abdomen felt like it was being stretched to full capacity.
The enema solution continued to flow into her at a rapid pace. And despite Dr. Miloza massaging her stomach, she was still experiencing terrible cramps.
"About three quarters of the solution is in you now," observed Dr. Smurdir, looking at the clear enema bad.
"OH! I feel like I'm going to burst," Kora sniveled. "My stomach..."
"Just a little more. You've taken most of it. You just have the last few milliliters to go," Dr. Miloza said as he continued to rub her tummy. His fingers pressed into her flesh, just above her pubic mound.
Dr. Brovachik continued stroking her clitoris, causing Kora's hips to occasionally lift up off of the exam table as she brought her pelvis toward his hand.
"There we go. The enema solution is completely in you now." Dr. Miloza affectionately patted her belly. "You look like you're pregnant," he observed with amusement.
"Can I let it out?" Kora panted. With all of the cramps, she was finding it difficult to breath.
"You just need to hold it in for ten minutes. Then you can release it," said Dr. Sokolov.
"Please, I really need to let it out now," Kora pleaded.
"You must give the enema time to do its work," said Dr. Brovachik. "But in the meantime, I'll administer your vaginal douche," he said, a little too cheerfully.
"Oh no! I can't take anymore!" Kora implored.
"Trust us," said Dr. Brovachik. "You're body can handle it.
Dr. Smurdir placed a bucket on the floor under the foot of the examination table.
Dr. Brovachik inserted the slim douching nozzle into Kora's narrow passage. He carefully squeezed the rubber bulb in his hand. Kora gasped as she felt a wave of warm liquid gush into her vagina. Dr. Brovachik squeezed again and more fluid flowed into her front orifice.
"AH!" Kora cried. Her abdomen felt completely swollen.
"My goodness!" said Dr. Carolia. "It looks like you inflated a giant balloon inside of her stomach!" He released Kora's nipples and brought a hand down to her abdomen. He pressed firmly on her belly.
"Aw!" Kora whined.
The other men gathered around Kora on either side of the examination table. They all excitedly felt her big round distended belly.
It was more pressure than Kora could handle. "OW!" she cried out in distress.
"Remarkable!" said Dr. Vlangar. He eventually removed his hand from Kora's tummy so her could take more photos.
After several minutes Dr. Brovachik removed the douching nozzle from Kora's vagina. The feminine wash poured out of her and into the bucket on the floor. However, that did little to relieve the pressure she felt in her stomach.
"Has it been ten minutes yet?" she asked, not even attempting to hide the desperation in her voice.
"Two minutes to go," Dr. Kaldoff said as he eyed the clock on the wall.
"Oh," Kora whimpered.
"I know it feels uncomfortable right now," said Dr. Brovachik, tapping on the head of Kora's clitoris. "But you'll soon get used to undergoing enemas. You'll even start to look forward to them."
"Mmm..." was the only answer Kora could muster.
"Alright. It's beem ten minutes," Dr. Yavlov announced.
Dr. Miloza pulled the enema nozzle out from Kora's anus. Dr. Brovachik pulled her legs out of the gynecological stirrups and helped her down off of the exam table. Kora clenched her bum cheeks together, not wanting to release her enema all over the floor.
"Where's the nearest bathroom?" she asked urgently.
"Bathroom? What do you need a bathroom for?" Dr. Carolia demanded to know.
"How am I supposed to release the enema?"
"What do you think the bucket is for?" said Dr. Brovachik. He bent down, picked up the white plastic vessel and placed it right in the middle of the room. "Come here, young lady," he said, making the corresponding gesture with his finger.
"Wouldn't it be easier to let me use a bathroom?" Kora insisted.
"Why?" Dr. Carolia barked. "So you can have an accident and make a mess all over the floor in the hallway?"
"No, but..."
"Squat over the bucket," Dr. Miloza commanded.
Kora waddled over to the middle of the room, trying to keep her buttocks together. She looked around the room. Every single man man was staring at her intently.
"I really don't..."
"SQUAT!" Dr. Carolia demanded.
Kora widened her stance and crouched over the white plastic container. But she was still clenching her sphincter.
"Relax and let it out," Dr. Brovachik instructed.
"But it's embarrassing!" Kora opined.
"There's nothing to be embarrassed about. This is a medical procedure," Dr. Carolia said matter-of-factly.
Kora closed her eyes so she would not have to see the leering faces of all the men. She relaxed her muscles. And before long the enema solution was flowing out of her, along with a number of undignified noises. There was nothing she could do to stop it once it started. Kora was beyond mortified. The snickering of the men soon turned into full whole-hearted laughter as they watched Kora's face turn a deep shade of red.
Suddenly the door to the examination room swung open. Kora's eyes opened wide as she heard the sound. She looked up in shock and horror as Judge Fukin. He strode into the exam room while she was in the midst of releasing her enema into a bucket.
"What do we have here?" asked the judge with genuine curiosity.
"We were just giving Korova an enema. I can assure you it's all standard medical procedure," Dr. Carolia explained.
"Next I'm going to administer her the medication to balance her hormones," said Dr. Sokolov.
"She'll be ready for her community service before you know it," Dr. Brovachik promised.
"She'd better be," said Judge Fukin sternly. "She owes a debt to society."
"She should be nice and clean now," Dr. Miloza smiled. Let's get her back onto the exam table and give Korova her medicine.
Dr. Brovachik helped Kora back onto the examination table, making her put her feet into the gynecological stirrups once more.
Judge Fukin openly stared at Kora with her legs wide open, focusing on her vulva. "You seem quite at home in that position," he smirked. The other men all chuckled.
Dr. Sokolov walked over to the foot of the exam table and stood between Kora's thighs. He reached into the pocket of his labcoat and pulled out a small clear ziplock bag. He opened it up and removed two surprisingly large tablets. One was pink. And the other one was blue.
Dr. Sokolov inserted the pink tablet into Kora's vagina. He used his first two fingers to push it deep into her wet slippery sheath. Kora could feel the big hard tablet wedged inside of her tender pink flesh.
Dr. Sokolov then inserted the blue tablet into her anus. Kora cringed in discomfort at the unwanted intrusion. Her rectal muscles clenched. But Dr. Sokolov drove the tablet deep inside her back orifice.
"Muscular contractions will help Korova's body to pull the suppositories in deeper and absorb the medication," Dr. Sokolov explained. "We really should masturbate her. For medical reason, of course."
"Of course!" Dr. Carolia concurred.
Mr. Uday opened up a black bag, which he had been holding. He pulled out a small silver cylindrical object. "A clitoral stimulator should do the trick," he said, holding up the sex toy.
"Your Honor," said Dr. Carolia turning to Judge Fukin, "Would you like to... well... do the honors?"
Judge Fukin smiled at Dr. Carolia's amusing, if predictable, play on words. "Sure, why not," he said with a smirk. He took the vibrator from Mr. Uday and walked over to the examination table. He looked down at Kora's nude body. "Well, you certainly got more than you bargained for. Didn't you, Miss Bainne?"
"Please," Kora whispered. "I just want this to be over with."
Judge Fukin twisted the base of the vibrator, turning it on. He brought it between Kora's legs and gently pressed it against the shaft of her clitoris.
"Ah!" Kora gasped.
"Miss Bainne, at the time of your arrest, you were caught completely naked in a public park," Judge Fukin lectured her. "But now you act as though you're embarrassed to be without your clothes."
"Mmmm..." Kora moaned as the vibrator buzzed against her sensitive organ. "This is embarrassing..."
"Learn from this experience," the judge continued "In the future, be respectful and keep your clothes on!"
There was nothing Kora could do to stop the vibrator's attack on her pulsing flesh. Her climax was fast approaching. She hated the idea of orgasming for a second time in front of the all male audience. But she was defenseless against the overwhelming stimulation.
Kora arched her back. Her legs trembled. "Oh! Oooooooh! OOOOOOOOH!!!" she exclaimed as her second climax of the day crashed over her body like a tidal wave. Her vaginal muscles clenched and contacted. Her clitoris throbbed like a clanging bell. "Oh my god!"
Judge Fukin turned off the vibrator and handed it back to Mr. Uday.
"Do you really think that helped her absorb the suppositories?" asked Dr. Kaldoff.
"Well, it certainly didn't hurt," Dr. Sokolov snapped defensively.
"Miss Bainne," Judge Fukin addressed the naked young woman in front of him. "I can clearly see that you enjoyed that. But remember, you're here because you're being punished for your crimes. The things you are yet to endure won't be so pleasant."
Pleasant? Did Judge Fukin actually believe that Kora liked being naked and masturbated in front of a dozen men? Did that sound pleasant to anyone?
"Korova has much work ahead of her," said Dr. Brovachik. "But I think the best thing we can do now is to let her rest."
Dr. Smurdir approached Kora with a syringe.
Kora gasped in shock. "What's that?" she asked with wide frightened eyes.
"No need to worry, Korova. It's just a sedative to help you sleep," Dr. Brovachik said in a low calming voice.
Dr. Smurdir stuck the needle into the upper part of Kora's left arm. He injected her with the clear liquid. She yelped in pain.
However, after a few moments, her eyelids grew heavy and her vision blurred.
"Just go to sleep," Said Dr. Carolia.
"Yes," agreed Dr. Miloza. "You need your rest, Korova."
"B...B...But..." she stuttered. "M...m...my name is... K...K...Kora..."
Moments later everything went from blurry to black as Kora lost consciousness.
********************************************************************************
Bogdan tried his best to breath through his mouth. The stench of burning flesh revolted him. He attempted to focus on shoveling and sweeping up the last of the straw in the barn.
He sighed. Nothing about the past few months had gone well.
Bogdan had certainly never dreamed of working on a farm, cleaning up after livestock. But at least it had been a job. It had been a steady, if meagre, source of income.
And it had also provided him with the space and distance from his old life in Nulmara City.
His former employer, Judge Isaak Thorsky, had passed away a few years prior. Shortly after, Bogdan had come under quite a bit of scrutiny.
There had been much talk about whether or not he had been involved in helping an American girl escape. An American girl who had been pregnant with Judge Thorsky's baby. It was against Vulmonian law for her to leave the country without the permission of the biological father.
Bogdan's guilt could not be legally proven beyond a reasonable doubt. However, in the court of public opinion, he was not considered so innocent by his fellow Vulmonians.
After Judge Thorsky's unexpected and fatal heart attack, Bogdan had experienced much more trouble than he had expected, trying to find other work. No one in Nulmara City wanted to hire him.
Eventually his mother's brother gave him a job on his farm.
It was a big adjustment, going from life in the capital city, to a quiet existence in the countryside. But Bogdan did not completely completely dislike it. Over the years he had grown accustomed to the peace and tranquility.
The loneliness did get to him at times. But the solitude was often comforting. Especially when compared to the suspicious glances he had received, and the furtive whispers he would hear, while walking the streets of Nulmara.
Things had been going reasonably well on his uncle's farm. Bogdan had even considered taking over the farm completely if his uncle were to ever retire.
However, a few months prior, a fatal infection had begun to spread amongst the cattle. Within three months, all of his uncle's cows were dead.
Bogdan grimaced as he looked over at the shallow pit where the last of the bovine bodies were being burned.
What puzzled him was why he still had a job. What was there left to do?
He had asked his mother's brother repeatedly when his last day of work would be. But his uncle assured him that they would soon be receiving a new shipment of animals.
Bogdan knew his uncle did not have the money to import foreign cows. The man barely had enough funds to purchase local cattle from Vulmonian livestock breeders. And now that that was no longer an option, Bogdan wondered what animals his uncle would raise next. Goats? Sheep? Pigs?
His uncle had decided to keep all of the equipment and machinery used for milking. So Bogdan supposed they would probably be raising goats on the farm before long.
The sound of his uncle's noisy truck engine rumbled in the background. It grew louder as it approached. It drove down the winding path, which led from the main road to the farm.
Bogan watched as his uncle parked the truck just outside of the barn door. There was a large trailer connected to the back of the truck.
His uncle exited the vehicle. He walked over to the back of the trailer and unlocked the rear door.
He looked up at Bogdan and said, "Postav'te po odnomu v kazhduyu kabinku. Ya idu vnutr' na obed."
Then the old man went inside the house to have his mid-day meal.
Bogdan had no idea what the contents of the trailer were. But his uncle had instructed him to put one of each in every stall inside the barn.
Bogdan grabbed the handle at the back of the trailer and pulled open the rear door.
As he looked inside. He saw that the trailer was full of mattresses. Stacks and stacks of used, stained, second hand mattresses.
Why would they be keeping mattresses in the barn? Confused, Bogdan scratched his head. But he knew better than to question his uncle. So he quickly went about removing the mattresses from the trailer and bringing them into the barn.
It was not particularly challenging. But considering he was alone, it took Bogdan longer than he would have liked.
He eventually dragged the last mattress into the final stall at the back of the barn. It was light blue with navy flowers printed on the faded tattered fabric. It smelled musty. All of the mattresses smelled musty.
He walked back outside and leaned against the side of the barn.
He pulled his smartphone out of his back pocket and began opening up various social media apps. With each application he opened, he typed the same name into the search field. He scrolled through the possible matches, carefully studying the profile pictures. None of the faces looked familiar.
Frustrated, Bogdan muttered a few Vulmonian curse words under his breath.
Why did Olivia have to be such a common name?
And why could he not stop thinking about her?