How often does one girlfriend help another? Here in Chapter 10, Mary sincerely tries to cure Esta of some of her loneliness.
.........................................................................
I spent a lot of time with Esta over the next few weeks. I took her to very nice restaurants. I took her to movies, never failing to get popcorn and soda. I bought her a nice pair of hiking boots, and we explored the trails of a nearby state park. I enjoyed looking at her strong, shapely legs as she scrambled up steep inclines. We even went bowling, which was something I hadn't done since I was a kid. She'd never bowled before, and she smiled when it was over. It was a small one, but it was definitely a smile.
Mary insisted that I treat Esta like a queen. She even bought little gifts for Esta and wrapped them in pretty paper and ribbon. A scarf. A necklace. Nothing too fancy. They were the kind of gifts a man with good taste would get for his girlfriend. I didn't have good taste, but I had Mary, which was almost as good.
I told Esta I was in a committed relationship that was also open, and she was fine with that because I used the sonic stimulator when I gave her that news. I also used the stimulator when I repeatedly told her she was beautiful, precious, worthy, amazing, and all the other things women want to hear from men. "You deserve happiness," I said. "You deserve love."
It was very, very gratifying to watch as Esta began to believe what I said. She'd had it rough in many ways for a long time.
I even found a way to reduce the financial pressure that was ruining her life. I hired her to help take care of my dogs. She worked in a coffee shop on the edge of campus, so it was easy for her to walk to my lab after finishing her shift. She joined the small group of people I'd hired to feed and water my poodles, then take them on walks and play fetch. She loved my dogs, which seemed to provide another source of happiness to a life that hadn't had nearly enough. My dogs liked having another human to love.
I told Esta the university was paying her salary, but that was a harmless little lie. The money came from my pocket. The university only let me hire students, but Esta didn't need to know that. It wasn't a lot of money, but it was enough. When people live on a very low income for a very long time, it doesn't take a lot of money to make a lot of difference.
"You need to spend nights with Esta," Mary said.
"Repeat what you just said. It sounded like you said I need to spend nights with Esta," I replied.
Mary smiled. "That poor girl needs to know what it's like to go to sleep next to a good man, then find him beside her when she wakes up."
"Esta used to have a live-in boyfriend," I said.
"He could not have been as good as you," Mary said.
"You are a very kind, generous woman," I said. "But you are forgetting how horny you get after hours of dancing naked at the club. I need to be here when you get home."
"On your way home from work, stop at the sex shop and buy me a vibrator," Mary said. "Get a good one. And make sure it's rechargeable. I don't want to mess with cords or dead batteries."
I started spending two nights a week with Esta.
Her gradual transformation was amazing and wonderful. She was happy. Her life had meaning. She loved my dogs. She loved me as much as I loved her. With help from Mary, we'd solved (or improved) every one of the problems that had been such a burden for so long. But it was temporary. Someday, she'd need a better job, and her experience as a barista didn't qualify her for anything that paid nearly enough.
And Esta needed a man of her own. I'd used the sonic stimulator to make her think she was satisfied being with a man who slept with other women, but that wasn't what she wanted in her heart of hearts. Ultimately, Esta wanted a husband. Babies. A real home. I was fine for now. I was more than fine. As much as I enjoyed being intimate with a woman as wonderful as Esta, I wanted her to be happy. I'd do anything to make that happen.
Once again, Mary figured it out.
"It would be best if you could convince Esta to become a dancer," Mary said. "Is she cute enough for that?"
"I think so. She has an unusual look, but I like her."
"Do you have a picture?" Mary asked.
"No. I can get one."
"Do that. And see if you can get her to pose nude."
"What makes you think she'll want to do that?" I asked.
"You didn't have any trouble getting naked pictures from me, did you?" Mary asked.
"Good point."
Mary was satisfied when she saw Esta's photos. "She'll do fine," Mary said. "Guys will just love those boobs. And she looks hot. The only problem is that she's much too hairy. We'll need to get her waxed from the neck down."
"I'll talk to her about it," I said.
I didn't even try to broach the subject without using the sonic stimulator. I had a feeling that she'd have big reservations about becoming an exotic dancer, despite the bigger salary. I turned on the device and began making the sales pitch.
"Esta, I believe I've mentioned that my girlfriend Mary works as an exotic dancer. Some people look down on women like her, but they shouldn't. Mary works hard for her money, and she provides a kind of sex-positive entertainment many people want and need."
"Want and need," Esta said.
"Mary is qualified to work as a hairstylist, and she does very well, but dancing pays much better. Mary has a six figure salary as a dancer. You'd like earning that much, wouldn't you."
"I'd like to earn a six figure salary."
"Of course you would. A salary like that would make your life much better."
"My life would be much better."
"If you did that, you'd be dancing for men who would appreciate your beauty."
"They'd appreciate my beauty."
"If you approve, I'll arrange for a time when you could audition."
"Arrange a time for me to audition."
Mary handled the next step. She plucked Esta's eyebrows, used a wax strip to get rid of her faint mustache, then called her salon and scheduled a full day of beauty treatments. They waxed Esta from her ankles to her neck, leaving just a small short landing strip on the mound above her pussy. Mary gave her a stylish haircut. They went shopping, and I arranged for Esta to let Mary buy the clothes she'd need as a dancer. They bought sexy dresses. Beautiful bras that clasp in the front. Tiny panties that can be removed gracefully by pulling on a little string. Towering stilettos. I was particularly pleased when Esta modeled the outfits and I saw that Mary had gotten her several pairs of fishnet stockings held up by garter belts made of black lace.
"I thought the hosiery would complement Esta's exotic appeal," Mary said.
"It will be a crowd pleaser," I agreed.
Mary taught Esta some basic dance moves, and set up an audition. Esta passed, of course, and Fran scheduled her to start the next week. We celebrated by going dancing. Esta needed to practice her moves, and Mary enjoyed dancing as part of a kind of threesome. It occured to me that Mary hadn't yet enjoyed the experience of sex with another woman, which was something Esta had done and enjoyed. I could have made that happen, but I didn't. Enough was happening. There would be plenty of time for such things in the future.
We did invite Esta to spend the night, and we all slept together in the same bed. The ladies were pretty tired (and more than a little drunk) by the time we got home, and they were asleep almost immediately after getting into bed. Once again, I felt like a sultan, sleeping next to two of my favorite harem girls. I got a hard-on and couldn't do anything with it.
The night of Esta's dancing debut was very exciting. She was nervous. "What if they don't like you?" she asked.
"Honey, I've been doing this for a while," Mary said. "They will love everything about you, from that lustrous black hair to your dainty little feet. They'll like the stuff in between a lot more, of course. But they will love every inch."
The moment arrived.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we want to introduce you to a new dancer tonight," the DJ said when it was time for Esta's set to begin. "We think she's very special, and we think you'll agree. For the first time anywhere, we present Esmerelda, who hails from the lovely nation of Moldova. Please give her a warm American welcome!"
Esta walked on stage, greeted by enthusiastic applause. Mary had picked out three particularly hot rock songs, and Esta had practiced moves that went well with the pounding drums and wailing guitars. I don't think it's necessary to go into much detail here. She did great, and the audience went crazy. She hadn't had much time to master any fancy moves on the pole, but she was graceful and sexy, and when she made eye contact, the customers looked like they'd been struck by lightning.
I'll just mention that the highlight came when Esta undid the clasp in the front of her bra. When she unleashed her massive jugs, the audience reacted as though it was the first time they'd seen naked boobs. I'd never seen such big beautiful boobs on a woman with such a small waist and muscular body. Lots of people must have felt the same way. At least, that's how they acted.
It's fairly common for a dancer to get a particularly enthusiastic response the first time she dances. That was especially true of Esta. It took so long for her to collect all the bills waved in her direction that the dancer next in line got upset. She worried Esta had cleaned out some wallets.
Get used to it, honey. Esta isn't going anywhere.
She came over and sat with me and Mary after she danced.
"Did I do OK?" she asked.
Mary and I both laughed. "If you have any questions about whether you did OK, just take a few seconds to count that wad of cash you just earned," Mary said.
"Is it always like this? Will I always make this much?"
"Most of the time," Mary said. "Sometimes they need dancers to work when there aren't this many customers. The tips start to dry up about an hour before closing. Overall, though, this is pretty typical - at least, for a dancer as hot as you."
Esta glowed with pleasure. She loved it when I gave her compliments, and she seemed to like it even more when she heard them from Mary.
"Welcome to the middle class, Esta," I said.
"Oh, pay no attention to him, honey," Mary said. "He should have said 'Welcome to the upper middle class.' Be sure to save the receipts for the clothes and beauty treatments you get from now on. You'll need all the tax deductions you can get."
I stayed for the rest of the evening, watching all the dancers, and paying special attention to Esta and Mary. Did I mention recently that I felt like a sultan? I felt like a sultan. One with a particularly sexy harem.
"The crowd loves her," Mary said as we watched Esta dance. "You were right about her. She's a girl who hasn't gotten the love she deserves. It's nice that you asked me to help change that for her."
"You're welcome," I said.
"I have a suggestion," Mary said. "The first time a girl dances, it's a bit like losing your virginity. I remember the night I danced for the first time."
"I remember what happened when we got home that night," I said.
"That's exactly what I'm talking about. You should take Esta home after work, and you should spend the night with her," Mary said.
That was a surprise. "Are you going to need me to make love to you later?"
"Well, yes and no," Mary said. "That vibrator you bought me is very nice. Tonight would be a good time for me to get reacquainted with Mr. Buzzy."
"You gave your vibrator a name?" I asked.
"Doesn't everybody?" she said.
Mary explained it like this. "Esta knows I'm your favorite. She knows you'll never leave me. She accepts that, but it's only natural for her to want to be number one sometimes. Tonight of all nights, she needs to be first in your heart."
As always, Mary was right. I felt embarrassed when I thought about my first impression of Mary, when I decided she wasn't very bright. I may have a ph.d in neuroscience, but Mary knows a lot of things I don't know. This was only one of them. How many women would offer their boyfriends to another woman the way Mary was offering me to Esta?
Esta loved hearing me ask if I could take her home and spend the night. "That would be nice," she said, with downcast eyes and a sexy smile. It was a little one, but it was definitely a smile.
I'd seen Esta naked many, many times. There was no chance I'd ever forget, because I had a nice collection of nude photos. But she looked very different when I got her out of her clothes that night. She was wearing theatrical makeup that made her look very, very girly. Gone was most of the hair I'd found so attractive. She was still sexy and beautiful, but in a very different way.
The biggest change, of course, was her pussy. Almost all of that lush growth was gone. For the first time, I saw her outer lips, which were smooth and meaty. She had a conspicuous cliteris that was longer and thicker than I'd imagined. It would be easier to eat that lovely pussy.
I was anxious to try.
But not yet. You know by now that I love to start slowly. You know I like to tease women long enough to make them beg. My feeling is that this is the best possible way to let a woman know I find her so desirable that I want to make our time together last as long and be as pleasurable as possible. That's what I wanted to do tonight.
"I love you, Esta. Or should I call you Esmerelda?" I said.
She giggled. She didn't do that often. I took it as a sign of the positive changes in her life. "Esta is fine," she said.
"Would you dance for me sometime? Just for me?"
"I'd love to," Esta said.
"But not right now," I said.
Then I started to kiss her. Sometimes I'm very forceful when I kiss Esta. She likes it that way. Tonight, I was gentle as a butterfly, taking all the time I needed to explore her lips. Then her tongue. Then the inside of her warm, wet mouth. I'm not the first man to think that a woman's mouth is a lot like her pussy. That kissing can be like going down. That's what I was thinking right then.
I decided to do something I'd never done with Esta. I knew she'd like it. After I kissed my way down her neck to her breasts, I let one hand slide down her belly and rest on top of her slit. She squirmed around on the bed below us, letting me know she was anxious to feel my touch.
I took my time, but eventually I ran one finger up and down the length of her hot, wet slit. I added a second finger, getting both of them wet with the juice from her slick pussy.
That's when I changed the script. Instead of continuing to explore, I lifted my hand and smeared her wetness over one nipple. I'd done that with other women, but never for Esta. It made her gasp. I made sure her nipple was nice and slippery, then sucked it into my mouth, doing it in a way intended to let Esta know how much I loved her taste.
I did that with her other nipple, and Esta got so excited her chest rose and fell and she took one deep breath after another. This went on for a while, with my hand moving between Esta's nipples and her pussy enough times to drive her a little crazy with desire.
Then I changed things again. I dipped my fingers into Esta's pussy, but instead of reaching for her nipples, I smeared my fingers over her lips, then gave her a deep, hot kiss. I've already let you know that I particularly enjoy kissing women immediately after going down on them. I like to do it assertively, as though I am "forcing" them to taste themselves.
My tongue explored deep inside Esta's mouth, making sure every part tasted her unique, sexy flavor. Then I smeared my wet fingers all over her upper lip. Instead of kissing her, I left her wetness right there, giving her a good strong whiff of the feminine fragrance I enjoyed so much. It's the kind of act that seems dirty, but isn't really. It feels taboo, but in a good way.
It had taken a lot of effort for me to wait this long, but I finally felt ready to go down on Esta. I spread her legs apart gently, then put my face directly in front of the hairless pussy I'd never seen so clearly before. The smooth flesh on each side seemed to beckon my tongue. I answered that call, being thorough as I explored. She was especially hot and wet after all the stimulation from my hand, but she still jumped a bit when my tongue licked her clit for the first time. I could have made her cum quickly, but that wasn't what I wanted. I wanted to lick up and down her slit until she was going crazy with desire.
Her pussy looked so different when I could actually see it. Clearing away her bush revealed wonders. The skin on her outer lips was darker than the rest, looking like the color of chocolate. The same thing was true of her tight puckered butthole, which sat in the middle of a dark circle about the size and shade of her very large brown nipples. It was the most enticing butthole I'd ever seen. It looked so desirable that I did something I almost never do.
I gave that little brown pucker a big wet kiss, then licked it all over. I know that some people like that kind of thing. I once had a girlfriend who asked me to do that, and I did it for her, but it didn't provide me with any thrills. Tonguing Esta's ass provided all kinds of thrills. I don't know if I'll ever do it again, but it seemed perfect at that moment. Esta seemed to think so. She let out a long, loud moan when she felt my tongue against her most private place. I think she must have understood I'd done something for her that I hadn't done very often.
My cock was aching when I finally placed the head at her entrance. Esta was flat on her back, legs spread as wide as they would go, looking into my eyes with the hottest expression imaginable. She gave me a smile. It was a little one, but it was definitely a smile. I slipped inside her as slow and shallow as I could. We'd been lovers long enough that Esta knew I would tease her for a long time, easing in a tiny bit, pausing, pulling out, then easing in slightly more. She knew what she needed to say.
"Please," Esta said.
"Beg," I said.
"Please, David. Please give me your cock. Please. I want it so bad. Please. Don't make me beg any longer. Please. You're driving me crazy David. Please, just do me. Do me now. Please, oh please, oh please please please."
I finally slid all the way inside her. Making her wait, prolonging the moment, pushed Esta to such an erotic high that she shook from a strong climax that started the moment when I finally gave her all my cock. It left her breathless, and it left me anxious to cum myself. I might have done that on an ordinary night. It was not what we did right then.
My cock was aching for release when I pulled out completely. Gently rolling Esta on her side, I applied some lube to the tip of one finger and smeared it around the outside of her anus. Slowly, deliberately, I added more and more lube, finally sliding my finger inside. She was almost ready.
What she needed now was for me to smear the lube all over my cock, coating it from the base to the tip. Esta laid there motionless, relaxed, as I let her think about what we were about to do. Sometimes, couples engage in anal sex when they want to play dominance games, pretending a big bad man is forcing himself on an innocent little girl. Anal sex always hurts just a little. That's partly why it's so much fun. Couples enjoy pretending that the pain is worse than it is, and that the man doesn't care how much it hurts. If you enjoy rough sex, you'll probably enjoy anal.
Esta and I had experienced that kind of anal sex. We enjoyed it. She'd enjoyed the notion that I was a big, powerful brute and she was a helpless little girl. I'd enjoyed pretending she was being taken by surprise, an anal virgin afraid of what I might do.
But there's another kind of anal sex. It's something couples do when they want to experience a deeper level of intimacy. Trusting. Gentle. Slow. I suppose one reason I wanted it was that Esta had changed my opinion about women's bodies. I'd always liked trim, tight little butts. I was never the kind of guy who liked the kind of big, curvy bottoms that had become so popular with young people. I'd always thought it was very strange that some women got butt implants so they could look more like one of the singers or actresses known for their generous backsides.
Things had changed. I loved Esta's bottom. Loved running my hand over every inch. Loved letting my fingers explore the deep, sensuous crack that separated her two glorious globes. Loved everything about it. I'd used the sonic stimulator to expand several women's sexual horizons. I'd done that to Esta. Somehow, she'd returned the favor, allowing me to savor sensations I'd never had before.
"Ohhhhhh," she groaned when I slid inside her tight ass.
"Relax," I said. "Trust me."
Esta relaxed as much as she could. Her bottom was very tight, of course, but I was able to move in and out of her as gently as possible. We used plenty of lube. She made little cooing noises as I probed deeper. It was extraordinarily erotic. I felt as close to her as I'd ever felt, and I hoped she was feeling the same. I reached around and began massaging her clit the way I knew she liked.
I was less than half way inside her when she came. Her whole body shook. The muscles in her ass clenched, released, clenched again, released again, and made me want to cum so much I could barely stand it. I figured that if I prolonged things I could probably make her cum one more time before I emptied my balls into her bottom.
But then she surprised me. Esta moved away from me, letting my cock slip from inside her. Then she did something new. I couldn't help but feel shocked.
Esta sucked my cock between her lips and started giving me a spirited blowjob. She was sucking my cock even though it had just been up her ass. I knew why. This was total submission, a sweet surrender that conveyed her willingness to do anything for me, even do something that might be considered degrading. Of course, there was nothing really degrading about what she was doing. In reality, it was a way to express her love in the most sincere way imaginable.
I came very quickly. I'd been right on the edge of my climax when she pulled away, and it hadn't taken long for Esta to use her lips and tongue to send me over that edge. When I came, she sucked harder, making it feel as though she was sucking my cum out of my balls, down her throat, and into her little belly.
When it was over, she did what she always does after giving me a blowjob. She got up, put her face close to mine, then let a tiny drop of my cum dribble from her lips. Esta used one finger to scoop it up, then put that finger in her mouth and sucked it clean.
I remembered the day I'd first laid eyes on Esta, serving me a latte at an off-campus coffee shop. That had been a very, very good day. Today was even better.
................................................................
David likes to make women beg. What do you think of this? Do the women like it, or is it completely for David's ego? If you like this story, please take time to vote five stars. I've been gratified that so many of you voted that way for my storyEnslaved - Love In The Future. It would please me if you checked it out; it's the best thing I've written in years.Enslavedhas plenty of explicit sex, but a lot of the text is devoted to character and plot development. My feeling is that erotica is hotter when it involves sex between characters we care about.
The next chapter ofKeep This Secretreveals the central conflict of this story. It's a big one.