The Dress-up Half Surprise and DRESSED UP COMPLETELY SURPRISED.
#1 HALF SURPRISED.
After turning down Joe's offer of Dollie becoming a professional stripper and personal escort, Joe insisted we dine with him that Saturday evening. Dollie was to wear that last black dress he had chosen.
Remember, this dress was reasonably long- for a mini-dress. Perhaps the hemline fell between Dollie's knees and crotch. The dress had short sleeves and the plunging neckline was sort of square across Dollie's titties. That first Friday on stage, she was braless. Her boobs were perhaps one third exposed above that square opening.
Before leaving Joe Whuzzit's office, we were instructed that someone would deliver two packages later Saturday afternoon. Clothing for both of us to wear that evening. We went back to camp, after a small fast-food lunch.
Some time later a biker brought two packages, as Joe had said. In one was another suit, tie, and white shirt. In the other a note, the square-necked black dress... and a lacy black bra. I remember Dollie called it a cross between a half-cup and a shelf bra. The note instructed us to wear those clothes, including the bra for Dollie, and be ready by approximately 7PM.
Dollie had tried the bra on almost immediately, thinking it was odd Joe wanted her wearing one. Dollie's titties sort of floated on top of that black lacy thing, looking even larger than they were. Yet both nipples were covered.
She could wait no longer. Dollie put on the black dress also. It was amazing how her breasts appeared twice as large as normal! They were at least one half exposed now. Squished together and sort of oozing over that black straight-cut top. Maybe an inch of the lacy part of the bra was showing, actually looking as if it were part of the dress.
I've been lookin at those boobs for many years, yet couldn't keep my eyes off them now! Trying to find words to discribe how they appeared, I can only think of two full moons dropping over an ocean. (.)(.)
This proved the old saying a gal wearing a tiny bikini looks hotter than if naked at a beach. Joe had learned a lot about sexy clothing from the strippers who worked for him!
A year ago, Dollie wore two different dresses which left her boobs bare and bouncing, for the most part. This dress proved to attract even more attention. On the plus side, it was legal and decent- again for the most part.
After all, celebrities are seen on TV and in the news wearing tit poppin tops such as this. After we both realized we still had no idea where Dollie was headed to be displayed this evening, I got into that damned suit.
We spent some time talking about last year's embarrassments, and the possibilities of more to come. In no time, our ride arrived, a chauffeur driven big black Cadillac. Joe, me, and Dollie slid into the rear seat, her in the middle. Even her entrance and exit were uneventful because of the longer dress and the fact Dollie held it down.
We exchanged small talk and Dollie was repeatedly complimented by Joe for looking OUTSTANDING. Yes, Joe made it clear what he loved that was standing out. Like me, he couldn't stop looking, or keep his hands off.
This night out was full of surprises. The chauffeur stopped at Joe's larger Strip Club. We were asked to remain in the car as the chauffeur went inside briefly.
He returned with a much younger version of Dollie at his side. Blonde, buxom, boobies also oozing out of an identical dress! Only this dress was blue. With his choices of beautiful young women, I was constantly asking myself why Joe was now always choosing Dollie as his escort. Questions!!
Joe informed us this would be my date for the evening. I should treat her as I would treat Dollie. Joe explained it would appear better if we each have a date. I'll just call her Daisy Mae. Joe had been rubbing and squeezing Dollie's titties ever since we left the campground.
Seemed like a plan to me! Daisy Mae's boobs were smooth and firm, as large as Dollie's. Like Dollie, Daisy Mae enjoyed the hands-on attention. In no time we were driven to the most elegant eatery we've ever seen. A whole lot nicer than Taco Bell or the Dixie Family Restaurant back home.
As we sat there in this exquisite dining establishment, just taking in the fantastic décor, we also noticed the other dining guests. Rather than whispering nasty comments this time, even older women in furs and fancy gowns came over to our table to compliment Dollie and Daisy Mae. The place was nearly filled with mostly older couples, plus some single older men, and women, alone.
There were three or four old geezers with their eye candy sex toys. You know, their nieces or nurses, as they were often called. Dollie and I were both semi-shocked seeing those skinny young things wearing tiny dresses like Dollie had worn a year ago. Tiny gals with exposed asses and small breasts, mostly slipping in and out of those dresses.
Joe also noticed those gals- and our reactions, as we stared. Surprisingly, Joe began to explain why he and those wealthy old men enjoyed the company of such young and sexy gals. And why he took a likin to Dollie. Finally all the answers!
Remembering back now, I don't recollect anyone ordering dinner. I remember white wine being delivered, then lots of fancy dishes with red wine. It was difficult eating with so many people stopping to say kind words, and old dudes hugging Ms. Dollie and Ms. Daisy. There's still more to this Saturday evening. I'll call it DRESSED UP COMPLETELY SURPRISED.
---------
#2 DRESSED UP COMPLETELY SURPRISED.
Mr Joe Whuzzit had spilled his guts that Saturday evening while dining in the most upscale restaurant we've ever seen. I suppose we could say Joe cleaned out his closet! Also, rather than sitting watching Joe and other old men looking and touching Dollie, I had my own play toy and piece of eye candy .
As we were leaving, we were also reminded why we don't consume mixed drinks with funny names or wine. Struggling outside to the Cadillac and ending up back at Joe's nicer Strip Club was a blur. We were taken back there to drop off Daisy Mae and have a few drinks to unwind.
It didn't take long to figure all four of us were just about as unwound as we could get! I sort of remembered four people huddled up sleeping in the back seat of a Cadillac, two black bras hanging over the front seatbacks. At some point the chauffeur bringing four cups of hot coffee.
The next thing I remembered was sitting inside the tittie bar drinkin more coffee. It was actually Sunday, like 4 AM, give or take an hour! The manager, a janitor, and two strippers were still there, waiting for us to regain our composure. At Joe's request both gals went up on stage and put on a little show.
Being late, and the Club was closed, both young gals were soon naked..., no pasties, no panties! Both Daisy Mae and Dollie soon joined them. Since neither was wearing anything except those dresses, both of them were also naked in no time. The act was short.
We were then transported back to our RV at the campground. Bright and early Sunday afternoon we woke and wandered back outside to sit in the shade and fresh air. A couple of bikers arrived later with two more packages and instructions. We were going out again Sunday evening! Be ready at 7 PM.