I was sipping my cold beer at home when I saw a call from an old friend. A friends with benefit from college. A beautiful girl called Shaheen. Last I had heard she had got married after moving to her home town. We had amicably parted ways as both of us had our own sexual partners in college with whom we were in a serious relationship. We had a good chemistry I reminisced, we respected each other's personal space while we frequently also met for just sex and a few drinks more than once a week. Our sex was good and aggressive and we both knew what the other wanted. Damn it was good!
I picked up the phone and just yelled "Hey" and I was greeted with the same enthusiasm I knew her for with an immediate reply "What's up man!".
We exchanged pleasantries and I just got chatting as to how was she doing and how was her sex life and well I had pre-guessed that she was happy but not as sexually satisfied as she would want to be.
The best thing about a friends with benefit relationship is that there is no inhibition, I mean like you have seen each other's depravity already. You know how the other person thinks. She was feeling low as there was not enough variety in her sex life.
I continued to sip my beer and we talked about our old times and how we regularly used to fuck each other's brains out every day or almost every other day. So I just asked her directly "So really what is it that you want and are unable to discuss with your husband?".
She just laughed and said "Like always Vikram, you like to cut through the chase and get to the point. Right?"
I just laughed, damn she knew me well. She then went on to tell me that since she was married in an orthodox family it was difficult for her to express her sexual desires and lately she had been drawn to BDSM after watching a few YouTube videos on an Indian series "Maaya".
I immediately jumped on the opportunity and said "I would love to be your master but you must submit to my commands completely".
She laughed and said "Wow, just hearing you speak like this is turning me on, but really can you be my master and are you interested in this stuff?".
I reminded her that I had always tried to push her boundaries and what she refused when we were in college. I told her "Do you remember I had forced you to get undressed on the roof of my then rented home?" also "Do you remember after a great round of sex I did not let you wear your bra when I was dropping you back to the hostel?".
" I had always been a dominant but I knew you had limits and at that time you loved sex but were still not ripe for my BDSM and well to tell you the truth I would have loved to have you as a slave but I did not want to push you into something you did not want" I replied calmly.
I could almost hear her smiling on the phone as she replied "This is what I always liked about you. You would always respect my desires and I knew you would never hurt me. But today Vikram I beg you, please take me back, take me as a slave."
I laughed and said "I'm not sure if you are ready, I assume the videos you would have seen would be quite soft and I'm bordering at a little more extreme form of BDSM".
She just said "I'm ready master, I will do whatever you want me to do."
I said "okay, so let's start now. Tell me what are you wearing and where are you?"
She replied "I'm wearing a slawaar, kameez, bra and panties and I am in my bedroom."
"Are you alone?" I asked
She replied "yes I am".
I then commanded her to switch our mode of chatting to FaceTime and take off her clothes.
She cut the call and switched to FaceTime and as I watched she slowly started to strip. She took off her clothes one by one and just before taking off her bra, she squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples a little.
Her nipples were light brown and already pointy from the excitement. Also her tummy was as flat as I remembered. She loved gymming. I asked her if she still was regular at the gym, she just laughed and nodded.
Now once her panties were off, she showed a slight hint of her shyness and tried to cover herself with one hand over her pussy and the other over her breasts. I asked her firmly to drop her hands to her sides, she did as I asked but slowly and enticingly.
I then asked her to fold her clothes in a neat pile and walk around the house naked. She appeared a little shocked and asked "Why do you want me to do that?"
I replied "I think you have forgotten quite fast how you are supposed to speak to me. Do as I ask you to and also describe all areas of your house".
She opened her bedroom door and walked into the drawing room. She murmured "I have never entered this room naked, I feel odd."
I smiled and said "Welcome to your new life slave, clothes were never meant to cover your body. You are meant to be naked for me and obey as I say."
She showed me the other bedroom in her house and kitchen. She then pointed at the balcony door. I asked her "Where does this door open?"
She replied "it opens to a field as we live on the outskirts. Basically nothing."
I asked her to open the door and she stared at me with her big brown kohl lined eyes. I again commanded sternly "open it!"
She opened the door and hid behind the door. The sight outside was neat. It was in fact a green field and her balcony was covered by a grill for security and also a thin cloth was tied across to presumably cover the balcony from prying eyes.
I also saw a cane chair in the corner. I asked her to step out into the balcony and sit on the chair. She said meekly "what if I am seen master?"
I replied "are you blind? There is a thin cloth covering the balcony and at any possible angle, a person with maybe really powerful binoculars might be able to see your thighs and also be confused whether you are wearing skin colored leggings. Also how dare you question me? "
She stepped out in her balcony naked almost on tiptoe. And stood there waiting for my further command. I asked her "how do you feel?"
She replied "Liberated".