18 months ago I was down south; I'd finished a seminar and was heading home up the M5. After half hour into the journey, my mind started thinking of sexy things, so I made the decision that to help the journey go quicker - I would pull off at next junction and find a lay-by and have a change. It was about 8.45, so dusk to dark.
The next one was the Bridgewater junction. I pulled off and turned right, and after about a mile there was a big lay-by on my left, with a few cars in. I did a drive by and couldn't turn for a bit as there were traffic lights, etc., but eventually I managed to. I now pulled in to the lay-by as it was now on my right; it was the big one on left heading to Bridgewater. It was dark, say 9pm. I pulled up in the middle of the lay-by, ahead of a car by a bit and quite a bit back from the ones in front. at this point the car behind unaware to me had no one in it as the driver unbeknown to me was in the bushes just behind my car, so at first I didn't realise I was also being watched. After getting out and climbing into the back of the car and stripping off naked, I pulled on my black stockings, attached my suspender belt, then my French satin knickers, then my white bra, white blouse. I put rolled up stockings in to my bra for effect, short cream skirt, bobbed wig and knee length boots. This took about 15 nervous minutes and I still hadn't spotted anyone. I then got out and sat back in front whilst I did my makeup.
Whilst doing it, I thought I spotted someone in my rear view mirror stood behind my car, but I carried on regardless as obviously I'd also had to have my interior light on as well. Once I was happy with it, the stranger walked up past and back past my car. I put my light off and glanced at him. He then stood again at the back of my car. I was as nervous as heck and didn't flinch or breathe I think. I waited and then opened the driver's door and stood out. At first pretending I hadn't seen him.
He spoke, but I couldn't hear, I pretended to look startled. He said "Why don't you come closer?" so I did. He said "You look lovely!"
I said "Thank you!"
He said "Can I have a feel?"
I said "I don't know about that!" but found myself walking towards him and turning around so I now had my back to him and I was facing the boot of my car.
He started rubbing my bum and going further down below my skirt onto my stockinged legs. He said "Wow! You're sexy!" He put a hand up my skirt and felt the bare flesh above my stockings. "Fucking hell...stockings! I love them!" he said.
With that, I pushed my bum into him a bit more so I was more or less bending over the boot of my car as my head was now level with my boot. He was now pushing himself on to me and pretending to ride me whilst his hands now made their way round the front to caressing my throbbing cock through the front of my knickers. It was lovely, and I couldn't believe this was happening! All I was hoping for was a nice drive home and maybe stop off at a services and have a quick walk around, yet here I am within minutes of changing, I'm stood leaning over my boot with my skirt up around my waist, with stockings and white French satin knickers (as per my photo) fully exposed and a complete stranger playing with me. With that, I noticed another stranger walk by the side of the car, but my friend didn't stop and neither did I, but kept an eye on our new friend, so we carried on.
The stranger who'd walked by was now obviously back and just stood to my left watching us both. My friend behind eased back a bit and I thought he was going to stop, but then I heard him open his zip and I felt behind me and I could now feel his warm fleshy hard as rock cock. wow!
He said "You're so sexy!" he was still rubbing the back of my leg with his other hand whilst his other hand was making my hands hold his cock, which felt incredibly hot and hard.
Our stranger was now closer and said "Please can I have a feel?" and with that, he knelt down and started rubbing the front of my knickers, not waiting for me to reply, from underneath as I'm still bent over he went to take my cock out of my knickers, but I said "No...please leave it in my knickers!"
My friend from behind was now trying to pull my knickers down so he could gain access, but I stopped him and guided him so that his dick was now pushed between my legs and rubbing against my knickers and bum, it was lovely! He was happy with that, and grabbed my hips and was pumping his cock nicely through my legs. I felt for it again between my legs and it now felt wet and warm and lovely. He swivelled me round so I was now facing our stranger who'd also got his dick out, but it was now at my head height as I was still bent over.
So here I am, in a full public lay-by, and I suddenly realised I was nearly going to be spit-roasted! One of my greatest fantasies!
Then from nowhere another person had joined us and I started to panic, so I stopped them as I was now very nervous, but they said "Get on your knees!" and I didn't want to, but they were pushing my shoulders down and I found myself doing it. All of a sudden there were 3 cocks in front of me! I put my hands around two of them, which was surreal, and the third one pushed it towards my bright red lips. Oh my goodness, this was fantastic, but all going to quickly! Before I took it in my mouth, we were illuminated by car headlights pulling into the lay-by, but stopping right by us. We all panicked and my new friends rushed off. I stumbled to my driver's door with my skirt still around my waist. I jumped in my car, and of course my interior light came on. The driver of the car pulled alongside my passenger door. I looked across, worried who it was, but fortunately it was just a normal chap, who was saying something. My light was now entirely off and I dropped the passenger window.
He said, "Wow...you are one sexy lady! Please let me join you?"
I said "No, I can't! I have to go!"
With that, I noticed my knickers were all wet behind. It was then I realised that my friend behind me must have spunked all over them! Wow...what a feeling!
My car driver said "Just wait there...I'll park up, or can we go somewhere more quieter as I'd love to get you in the back of your car and properly fuck you, as you're incredibly sexy! I'll even pay you if you like?"
I said "That sounds lovely! Pull up over there and I'll come and join you!"
He did, but I drove off as I was panicking. He realised, and started to follow, but he didn't get out of lay-by as quickly and ended up pulling out behind other cars, or so I think. I got to the motorway and thought 'Wow...what a great event! Just wonder what would have happened had the car not pulled in?'
I've never gone that far before or since, but would love to. xx