You've turned up at my reception for your interview and demanded to see me immediately.
Professionally, I come down to see you and you're wearing a tight dress, stockings and heels. I escort you in to a vacant meeting room and you immediately lock the door and pull the blinds.
You have a truly naughty look in your eyes... Without hesitation, you jump on me with your legs wrapped around me and passionately kiss me.
My hands are everywhere! In the throes of passion, your dress has hitched above your waist. You aren't wearing any knickers. Completely aroused by this, I take down your stockings and looking around the room for inspiration, I find a reclining chair I can tie you to with your stockings. Your hands are behind your back - behind the chair.
You are almost horizontal as I place your legs over each arm of the chair. You are completely at my mercy. I lift up your dress further, so that I can scoop your stunning breasts over the top of your bra. I want to bite your nipples. I drop my suit trousers slowly in front of you, and remove my boxers seductively.
You can see I'm completely aroused. I walk around to the back of the chair and gently brush my erect cock against your cheek. You want it so much, your tongue desperately tries to touch it as it passes by. I stand over the top of you - my legs either side of you and slowly push my cock towards your soft lips.
Ever so slowly, you get to feel it against your tongue - you contort yourself in a desperate manner to take more of it in your mouth. I reach behind me and between your soft thighs, gently brushing your pussy lips with the tip of my finger. I can feel your body starting to react to the tingling sensation that's completely taken over you.
You're obviously wet but I want to taste you for myself. After gently kissing your soft inner thighs, I start to run my tongue up your trembling pussy towards your clit. With every stroke of my tongue, I linger at your clit and try to tease it between my teeth.
My hands grab hold of your pert bum as I force my tongue inside you. My cock is quivering with anticipation. I need to be inside you.
Now.
I grab hold of your thighs and position myself so that my cock slowly and gently parts your pussy lips. With very slight thrusts, I slip inside you about and inch and watch as your shoulders shudder back with sexual relief. I keep myself just inside you as I feel you trying to push your hips forward to get more of my cock inside you.
I resist your pelvic thrusts and pull myself slightly back. I need you to beg me to fuck you.
"Beg, bitch. You deserve to be fucking punished. Hard."
I pick you up and throw you on the meeting room table. Your hands still tied, I turn you over so you're bent over and kick your legs apart. With one hand grasping hold of your hair and the other gripping your hip I force myself deep inside you with one forceful push.
Right inside you; my balls rest hard against your pert arse. I pull myself slowly out of your pussy; your juices adorn the length of my shaft. I push even harder in again this time; I feel your body rock as the force of my weight behind you pushes my cock even deeper inside.
You start to moan - there are people outside. I grab my boxers and force them in to your mouth.
**That'll shut the bitch up** I think to myself.
She's going to get it now. Without any regard for what you would like, I start to fuck your pussy hard. Your tits are heaving back and forth with great force. You're struggling to breath with your mouth full, but I can see in your eyes - you're fucking loving this.
My cock is covered in your juices. I take out my boxers from your mouth - turn you around and say "Taste yourself, you whore."
Without hesitation, you're devouring every inch of my cock with savage delight. My balls are soaked too - so you cup each one between your lips and suck them dry.Without hesitation, I lie you flat on the table. I've taken your dress completely off; all you have on is your bra with your tits pushed out over the top.
I kneel on to the table with my legs astride you and look lingering at your trembling naked form in front of me. Still on my knees, I push each of your legs further apart so that your pussy is there waiting for me to penetrate it. I gently lower my body weight on top of you - your gorgeous tits pushed hard up against my chest. I need to fuck you again.
I free your hands from the stockings and push your arms up above your head. My hands push down on yours so that you can't move. Your stockings forced in to that filthy mouth of yours.
With my cock still covered in your juices and my pre-cum, I push myself straight inside your pussy with one huge thrust. I can sense you scream, but it's muffled by your stockings. Using my knees as leverage, I push back my hips as far as they go and then thrust my cock forward - our pelvic bones grind with every movement.
Slowly, I build up momentum until I can't go any faster. My balls are slamming hard against your pussy as I fuck you deeper and deeper...I can feel myself needing to cum, but I resist.
*This bitch needs to be punished with every thrust*
Harder, faster. Your pussy is so wet I'm sliding in and out of you with ease. I can see your juices dropping out of your pussy and running down your naked inner thigh.
*I'm going to cum inside this filthy bitch...*
With one last huge thrust, I push myself as deep as I've been inside you. You start to feel my body tense followed by a warm sensation inside your pussy. I want every last drop inside you - so I wait as I feel your body rocked by wave after wave of orgasm.
Without even acknowledging you, I pull myself out. I put back on my suit and adjust my tie. I look back and can see you naked, trembling and with cum dripping out of your pussy.
"By the way, you got the job"