Brian Hancock ended his work day covered in sawdust and sweat. Not a great combination. Assisting his dad Bruno in taking down a pair of tall rotted cherry trees in front of a country church, he was weary and thirsty. Hunger not so much but something cold might hit the spot. Having used his last ten bucks on gas to get back and forth from the Needy estate he was eager to get paid. Luckily his dad paid him at the end of each job so he was never broke for long.
Placing his chainsaw up into his dad's old pickup truck, Brian opted for water from a large cooler strapped to the truck bed. Removing his gloves he poured the ice cold water into a coffee cup from the local gas station. Downing the water in a single extended gulp he replenished the cup and took a seat on the tailgate to watch his dad finish chipping tree limbs. While killing time he leaned forward and pondered living with Margo Needy. Strangely all he could do of late was think about the much older woman. Twelve years older to be precise, yet in appearance she could almost be 21. She was that good at sustaining her youth and beauty. Of course her late husband, Coach Darryl Needy kept her on a strict regiment of diet and fitness. A few glorious enhancements helped her already Goddess like looks, namely a boob job blessing her with perfected 40D's, and just enough added to her ass cheeks to support a nice twerk should she desire to perform. It dawned on him that not once had she actually twerked. Not even when belly dancing at her son's going away party.
"I'm gonna have to get her going on that. Maybe have her do a striptease for us tonight. Ever since she played all four of us we've tore that bitch up. MILF Margo just can't get enough teenage cock. Lucky us."
Hearing the wood chipper's rotary blades grind down he looked up to see his burley, bearded, giant of a Father wiping his brow on his shirt. Dusting off Bruno moved toward Brian, he lifted his safety glasses, and joined him for a refuel of ice water. Dramatically he exhaled, his pleasured throat thanking him for relieving it from being parched for far too long.
"Good job today Boy."
"Thanks. Don't I always?"
"When you put your back into it." Bruno Hancock stroked tiny wood chips from his ZZTop style beard and winked at giving his boy a hard time. "You always work hard Bri, I'm just giving you shit."
"I hear ya, Old man."
"So, what's this I hear about you and your buddies all living out at Darryl Needy's place? Chasing the widow?"
"You just now heard I moved out there? It's been close to two weeks and we work together four days a week. Do you ever listen to me when I talk?"
"Knew you moved out of your Mom's place, just figured you were living with your brother."
"Jeff has an efficiency apartment. He barely has room to breath. He sits on his toilet and cooks on a hot plate across from him at the same time." He laughs.
"I've been over there. Not far off in that assessment. He say anything about renewing his lease?"
"He wants to move out with us. Gotta find room though."
"Five fellas, one hot widow. Sounds like a winning hand to me. You boys tapping that?"
"Of course we are. Hottest pussy I've ever had. Margo's straight up nympho."
"I've heard stories."
"Oh yeah? Share the wealth."
"Just know a lot of the folks in Wildwood, hell...in a three county radius has fucked that gal."
"Due to her husband we've heard, he liked sharing her."
"I gotta admit...the few times I've seen the woman she definitely knew how to catch an eye...let's just hope that's all she's caught. For you boys sake."
"She would never touch us if she had anything. Margo is totally honest with us." Brian felt confidant in that prediction. "She worships our big cocks."
"Ego like your ole' man." Bruno winks, "Maybe I need to drop by and see for myself how tasty she is."
"You would. Unfaithful to Mom, unfaithful to your current wife."
"Now, now Boy. Let's not relive those memories. I thought you and I settled on that situation."
"Forgive maybe, forget never. You left Mom to raise three kids for a woman with four kids. By my count that's one more mouth to feed."
"I managed to feed and cloth everyone didn't I?"
"I guess."
"So how exactly did you boys end up living the life of Riley out there in the boonies at that resort? I've been out there years ago. Darryl Needy had me cut some trees down to be able to build a treehouse. Dunno if he ever finished that project."
"Gonna be a resort here soon if Margo can get the money. She's trying to turn the place into a Bed & Breakfast."
"No shit? Won't that leave you boys homeless?"
"She says no. Her plan is to build on more bedrooms. Plenty of room to expand. 180 acres she says."
"That would do it. She even work? Darryl leave her enough to fund an operation like that?"
"No. She's barely hanging on. She will probably use the property as collateral. Can't tell me it's not worth a lot if she sold it."
"Prime real estate out there in those gorgeous hills. Safe bet you're right."
"We might stay on there and work for her."
"Doing what? You can't cook. You serving cereal in a bowl?"
Brian chuckles, "Probably a groundskeeper. Unless we can talk her into turning the B&B into a swingers club."
"Now that I might stay at."
"Of course you would Playa."
"Speaking of...you seen your stepsisters lately?"
"Nope. You know I've kept my distance because of Mom."
"Might wanna rethink that son." Bruno pulls out his cellphone and looks up a picture. Sighing at it he shares the photo. "Gwen got a boob job."
"I know, you told me that four months ago." He rolls his eyes then takes a look at the pic. "Whoa! How did you get a pic of those beauties?"
"She asked me to take it. Wanted to know what I thought of them now that she's all healed up."
"Your stepdaughter let you take nude pics of her." He looked skeptical.
"Only her tits. She wanted a male point of view is all."
"Uh huh! You chasing the kids now?"
"Looking don't hurt none. Gwen is 20. Daphne 19. MJ just turned 18."
"Their mom must be worn out three kids in three years. What's Heidi now?"
"16. Just like her sisters she's gonna be a heartbreaker."
"Damn! Gwen got smoking hot since I saw her last. She reminds me of that Pornstar, Leah Gotti."
"She just started dating a guy named Braedon."
"Braedon Wilkes? Wrestler from over in Foxborough?"
"Thought you might recall that name."
"Funny, he was just at Margo's house when we threw Elliot a going away bonfire. Wonder why he came alone?" He answered his own question, "All guys." Only due to his evil plans to get Margo naked and turned on. Girls there would have made Margo unwilling to let her guard down.
"Snooze you lose son. Gwen always did have a crush on you."
"She's a year older than me."
"So. Age is only a number. Get's numbers too."
"Maybe I'll drop by and see the girls again."
"Gwen's working at that drive thru ice cream shack today. Only room for one employee in that hole in the parking lot. Barely space for the freezer holding the good stuff."
"Cool Cone's? That's hilarious now that she got her tits done."
"I thought so."
"What about Daph and MJ?"
"Slackers at the moment. Still hard bodies." He searches cell for more pics closing in on bikini pics of the remaining three girls. "See for yourself."
"Holy fuck! I can't believe Carmen allows them to wear those dental floss specials. Especially Heidi being 16."
"Mom doesn't know about Heidi. The girls bought hers and hid it for when their Mom was gone."
"Yet, they wear it for the bearded pervert."
"They love their stepdaddy."
"Not too much I hope."
"Not like you're thinking. They do tease me a lot though if you can't tell by the pic. Hamming it up like models."
"Only pic poolside?"
"You know better boy." Bruno huffs and swipes right, showing him pics five more times. Each pic was the three younger girls bending over, showing crushed cleavage, acting shy, among other playful traits.
"Dibs on Gwen, Daphie, and MJ." Brian puckers nodding his approval, "You can keep Heidi another two years."
"Nobody touches my Heidi. Not until she's 30."
"You just keep thinking that Pop. She's probably already lost her virginity. Kids these days, I should know."
"Reckon so. Nice thought playing protective dad though."
"Pay me so I can go get ice cream and see Gwen's cones."
"$150." He digs into his wallet and passes off the assorted bills. Snatching them up Brian hops down and heads for his own truck parked at a safe distance. "See you tomorrow."
"Unless I tap Gwen. Might be late."
"Wear a condom. I don't need the Brady Bunch."
"Marsha! Marsha! Marsha!" Brian rambles like a girl. Under his breath he chuckles, "Gwen! Daphne! MJ! Wonder if I can get them into Tiger's doghouse?" He had watched too many episodes as a kid. Read too much gossip.
Truck in motion with a cloud of dust he passes the country church and mutters, "Wish me lust...I mean luck." He would never repent. Brian would definitely toast marshmallows in Hell someday.
Out at the Needy estate...
Margo Needy found herself wandering aimlessly in her home. A quiet moment led her toward thinking of the past. At her downstairs fireplace mantle she lifts an urn consisting of the ashes of her late husband Darryl Needy, lost in his memory. Missing him of late seemed less than usual, to some degree she felt obligated to apologize. Cradling the urn she says a solemn prayer to God to keep him safe and to let him know that her love was eternal, even if she had moved on in this life she was leading now. Mental advice requested on how to proceed with her desire to turn their home into a Bed & Breakfast led her to a confused state. The idea seemed bright, but her business savvy not so much. It frightened her that she might not have what it takes to manage such an enterprise. All she knew was she loved their home and never wanted to lose it. A promise made this very second to Darryl would weigh heavy in the future.
"I will do ANYTHING it takes to keep our happy home. ANYTHING!"
After a few tears and emotional bonds healing her soul, Margo places the urn back on to it's pedestal and sighs. So many things troubled her of late. Her attachment to the boys was growing stronger every day. Love for all men, as Darryl taught her consumed her actions. Each boy needed to experience her love for them. Her swelling heart just could not deny them her attentions. The sex was incredible, she being a nympho only intensified her dedication to giving them nothing but her best. In just a short time dwelling under the same roof they were all evolving, becoming more dominant, more demanding of the love she offered. Her life found the spark it needed to light her way.
She missed her son Elliot. Since he had gone off to Paris he had grown distant. Not even a skype at this point, only a couple texts. One involving a misplaced masturbation video that still weighed heavily over her motherly instinct. Meant for Brian Hancock her video ended up in her son's cell. While he led her to believe it was alright, it just seemed wrong. He sharing the video with classmates only made it seem more in bad taste. Why would Elliot do such a thing? Perhaps he was just telling her he had, just to make her stressed. Not so much stressed, she being openminded, more the fact that she wanted Elliot to have a normal life over there without her antics. She should have known that was impossible.
Hearing the upstairs door open and close Margo shook off her depression and led with a newfound smile. Climbing the stairs in her plum colored mini dress she greeted her roommate Eric Crowe, coming in with long overdue groceries. They had gone to town earlier in the week just to shop and got sidetracked. Today he made up for their mistake.
"Need help carrying your groceries in?"
"Our groceries." He smiles and heads to the kitchen to set his bags down. "You did give me money and a grocery list." Following him she sits her cellphone down on the counter to explore what he had brought home. Dry goods this trip in she left them be.
"Ours, yes." She beguiles him with her best fashion model grin. Waiting on him they go out to his car together, stopping at the front door he encouraged her backwards into the wall, his hands holding her face to enjoy a very passionate kiss.
"Missed you Mom." He lets up to whisper.
"I always miss my sons." He switches tactics and kisses her neck, sweeping her spaghetti straps from both shoulders before guiding her dress over her scruptious breasts. Spending moments kissing her nipples the dress inched further down until it escaped her hips. She gasps at its loss leaving her nude. "I just cannot wear clothes when you boys are at home."
"We prefer you like this."
"I enjoy wearing clothing on occasion." She giggles as he smothers her in kisses making her eyes roll back trembling. "I love you Eric."
"Love you too." He just could not stop kissing her.
"I hope you don't have ice cream in the car."
"SHIT!" He growls at her suspicion. "Hold that pose." Darting out the door she just couldn't stay put. Marching outside in the nude she assisted in carrying the rest of the bags inside. He let her take the lead so that he could watch those perfect set of dancing butt cheeks wiggle with seductive swagger. Once inside the house they took time from their passions to put away the frozen goods before ending up in each others arms again. Bodies pressed together he grips her back, and her ass in their make out session.
"I just can't get enough of you Margo." Eric sighs into her mouth.
"Nor I Eric. I never want you boys to feel differently. I will always treat each of you with every ounce of passion I have in my soul. Love is a must. Steamy passion should be given freely."
"No problem there sweetheart. I live for these lips. These hips. Even these lips." His words leading him to caress his way down her body, ending at her labia with warm fingers probing. She tilts her head back offering him entry to her throat. Kisses sweltering led him to pick her up and sit her on the island counter. Easing her back he moves in to eat her out. Margo cooed, touching herself all over, squeezing her breasts and thoroughly enjoying his tender feeding.
"I love how you treat my pussy with tenderness."
"Won't always be tender."
"I've felt your aggression on occasion. You should know by now I'm happy either way. Treat me sweetly, or treat me like the slut you want me to be. I will adapt."
"I'm good with sweetly right this second." He licks all around her hole before delving his tongue deeper and searching for her G-spot. Her back arching, accompanied by a shiver, he knew he found it. He maintained his torture inviting her to moan. For long moments he enjoyed her squirms. Focus only drawn astray by the ringing of her cell. Breaking away Eric located her phone and brought it to her as she lay there pouting by the interruption. Looking at the caller ID she realized it was her banker.
"It's Jacob at the bank. Maybe he's calling about coming to give me an estimate." Answering it she points at her pussy, "Don't stop." Eric grinned and dove back in. "Hello Jacob."
"Good afternoon Margo. I made a few calls for you. Instead of myself, I'm sending out a Realtor to appraise your entire property before anything else. Once I get some numbers I can see about a loan for your B&B."
"When will they drop out?" She tenses as Eric adds fingers up inside her as he nibbles her clit.
"Thursday by the sounds of his schedule. His name is Jeremy Collins. I'm sure he will call ahead to confirm a time. Everything okay out there?"
"Fabulous." Her toes taunt Eric's shoulder ruffling his shirt. Her attentions only makes him finger her harder until she lets out a loud whimper.
"Catching you at a bad time?" Jacob chuckles on his end.
"A set of fingers in my pussy is never a bad time Jacob. How is young Tyler?"
"My nephew talks about you all the time. I've had to put my foot down concerning what was done at the park. I don't need our reputation soiled by his running his mouth to the wrong people."
"He's young. Tell him he is welcome to come visit anytime he likes." Another loud squeal she lifts her ass from the counter as Eric ravages her pussy violently. "Fuuuuucccck Eric. I'm going to cum." Jacob listens intently getting up from his desk to close his office door. He needed privacy in order to masturbate at her moans.
Outside at the Teller station his nephew Tyler grew suspicious and made his way over to the office door. His uncle had put her on speaker to free his hands up in favor of sitting back and stroking his cock in what he thought was privacy. Tyler could hear Margo if not barely and stood entranced, daring to rub his crotch, knowing exactly who was on the phoneline.
In his silent spying Tyler hadn't noticed another set of ears behind him. Not even the scent of perfume drew him away from Margo's shrill moans. Hearing her crying out to Eric by name only made things more interesting.
"Eric?" Tyler hears a girls voice behind him and jumps, acting busted. "Is that the woman who came in here with my brother Eric?" Looking directly at a stunning beauty of 5'2, 100 pounds with shoulder length strawberry blond hair, and cute freckles, he swallowed.
"Maybe. Hi Lily."
She moves closer to him her hands on his shoulders while listening. He melts at her touch and feels his crotch tent up. Not just at Margo's seductive cries, but of Lily Crowe being so close to him. Together they remain vigil, holding their breathes for a good five minutes. Luckily, the bank was slow today. "Why is your Uncle listening to my brother having sex?" She whispered.
"Perv. Runs in the family." He grins at her, in response she lowers her gaze toward Tyler's tent and bulges her eyes.
"Gosh! This is just so weird." Lily shivers, she could not pull away until Margo ended her screams. It was obvious that things had escalated out at the Needy house. If they could see the couple they would know that Eric Crowe had stripped down and crawled up on the island to fuck Margo missionary. Groceries toppling to the floor without concern. Lily heard Eric distinctly calling Margo the sexiest slut he had ever seen, definitely her brother's voice. Fanning herself, she and Tyler were glued to Jacob's door. It took hearing Jacob snarling at his ejaculation to make them grimace. Shared eye contact between Tyler and Lily led the two into suddenly pulling away from one another blushing. Tyler winced with an apologetic expression while Lily smiled slightly and turned away. If he could have seen the more vivid smile she had afterwards he might read into it. Seeing her head into the restroom Tyler decided the Men's room was not such a bad idea. He needed to jerk off. Before entering he heard a slight moan from the girls room next door.
Knowing that today Lily was the only female employee still here, Tyler looked around and waltzed right into the girls room. Within he saw a bathroom stall occupied and panties down to Lily's calves. Whistling under his breath he unzips his fly and digs through boxers for his beastly cock. Stroking it as he listens to Lily moaning from touching herself, he dares to step right up to the door of the stall. He knew she could see his shoes beneath it.
Her moans froze in time, knowing Tyler was just on the other side of the door. "Please don't stop Lily." She heard Tyler. Gasping at his request Lily Crowe whined of her predicament.
"You shouldn't be in here Tyler."
"My dick is rock hard Lily."
"What? Tyler?????" She panicked slightly, then to top it all off her cell rang. "Oh my gosh! It's Ben." She verbally admitted.
'Answer it and play for him. Whoever Ben is." Tyler encouraged, "Just like Margo did with Uncle Jacob."
"Noooo!" Still, Lily felt compelled to answer, "Why are you calling me at work?"
On the other end her recently connected with boy toy Ben rambled about missing her. She, while rubbing her pussy, looked down at Tyler's shoes and decided to say "I miss you too. Ben? I'm in the ladies room masturbating." A giggle made Tyler hopeful. "Jerk off for me Ben."
He was already beating off so that effort was already a given. Tyler could hear him over the line as Lily coaxed them both on. Stimulated by the fact she had two boys wanting her right this second led her fingers deep inside her cherry blossom pussy. Her pink recesses warm, wet, and throbbing. Hearing Ben in her ear groaning and talking dirty while Tyler stood outside stroking breathlessly led to a trio of choir members. In minutes Lily noted white droplets falling on to Tyler's shiny black shoes. Eyes bright with the thrill of it all Lily climaxes and let Tyler see her trembling feet in pumps. Her loud yet muffled squeal finished Ben off in the distance with a very verbal "I WANT TO FUCK YOU LILY." She wanted that too.
"I need to get back to work. See you this weekend. Muah!" Lily Crowe hung up and got dressed. Opening her door shyly, she expected to find Tyler. He had slipped out. Looking at the stall door she saw massive cum shots streaking their way down. She bubbled up inside. "OH MY GOSH! That was so awesome." Washing up she stepped out to find Tyler talking to Jacob outside his office. A sly grin as she passed by them, Lily hit the drive thru teller counter to help out.
Back at the Needy house, Eric was still fucking Margo. This time she was on top of him on the island counter. Funny that the only food still on the surface was bananas.
Back in Wildwood...
Brian Hancock stopped at a gas station to fill up his truck. Pumping gas, he spotted old friends moving in to park on the other side of his pump. Old wrestling buddies from High School.
"Small world! If it isn't Braedon Wilkes and the Foxholers." Brian called over as the driver got out leaving his three friends within.
"Handycock! What's strokin' Bro?" The young man that looked like a young Tom Welling with an attempted beard reached through the pump islets poles to fist bump his old rival. "Still chasing Cougars?"
"Still fucking Cougars."
"You actually tapped that nerds Mom?"
"Every day Bro."
"Daaaamn! Gonna share the wealth with us? We all know she wanted us at that bonfire. That outfit dropping past her ass was on purpose. You guys cock blocked us that night."
"All part of our plan. She's all over us now. Might share the..." He thought about it a bit..."How rich are you bastards?"
"Wealthy enough, why?" They both pumped gas while chatting. Braedon grew extremely curious suddenly.
"Just thinking. Let me mull it over awhile and I'll text you. What's this I hear about you dating my stepsister Gwen?"
"Yeah! She just told me you were her Stepbro. Like you said small world. At least her tits aren't small anymore."
"Haven't seen her. My dad mentioned her BJ...boob job." He laughed. "You seen those up close and personal?"
"Not yet. She keeps making me wait. My balls can't get any bluer."
"Did I need to hear that? No foxes over there in Foxborough worth chasing tails?"
"Plenty. Keeping my options open, just like you Bromeo."
Gas pumps silencing the two close up and head inside to pay. Within the station the cashier was yet another fellow classmate now freed upon society. Grabbing a fountain drink and a corndog from a rotisserie Braedon paid up first while Brian hung back to watch.
"Carla Sweet. How the hell you been?" Braedon flirted his charming ass off. The girl with short brown hair and very healthy chest flirted back instantly. Carla used to hang out with Gwen back in the day. Seeing Braedon tempting the girl with swagger didn't settle well with Brian. Even though he hadn't gotten too acquainted with his stepsisters over the years there was a protective nature in the wild child. Strange that Brian even cared. Coaxing the girl from behind the counter to share in a selfie Carla found herself subjected to an arm over her shoulder, and a hand on her left tit just as the pic was taken. Carla frowned at Braedon's behavior, she knew that Gwen was seeing him.
"You done feeling up the help?" Brian moved in with a bottle of Pepsi and a 2 liter for later.
"He's done." Carla swats Braedon's hand from her breast, "You need to delete that before Gwen gets the wrong idea." Even though she did flirt back Carla had no intention of doing more than that. Gwen was still her friend.
"Naaa!" Braedon chuckled, "I'm just goofing off Carl."
"Carla. Carl is my dad. Pay up and go away Braedon." She moved back behind the counter with a disturbed look. As he produced his wallet Brian swiped Braedon's cell from his grasp and turned his back to them. Braedon attempted to reach around Brian to no avail.
"Not cool Bro." He observed Brian delete the pic. Once done he handed it back.
"Relax Braedon. Just protecting my Stepsis and Carla's friendship. We're rivals remember?" He chuckled patting Braedon on the back. "Don't get your boxers in a bunch. I'll text you later." Brian tosses Carla a ten dollar bill and shows her his purchases. "Keep the change Sweet."
Carla admired Brian's bravado and let it slide her not scanning his drinks. She found it unlike Brian having known him for years. Refreshing that people can change. Yeahhhh, not Brian Hancock. It was only a temporary thing. She still admired his physique. Brian was still one of the hottest guys in Wildwood.
Outside, Brian and Braedon got over their confrontation laughing. Parting ways Braedon took off for the outskirts. Brian starting his truck up heard the pump speaker crackle, "Thanks Brian." Carla waved through the station window. He toasted her his Pepsi then pulled away. On his way out he chuckled, "Fuck you later Sweet." Yep! Not noble.
Driving the opposite direction he neared the outer business district where chain malls were littered on both sides of the street. Passing by the lot where the ice cream shack known as Cool Cones sat all alone in the world, surrounded by parking. Strangest idea for an ice cream parlor ever. Unique to say the least. Part of him wanted to go home and get a blowjob from Margo, the other part of him felt compelled to say hey to Gwen. Boob jobs tend to call out to a guy. Being a Pornstar's clone didn't hurt.
"Ha! Cool Clones." He laughed, "Dammit! I love Leah Gotti. Fuck it." Turning around he headed up the lot until reaching the very simple drive thru. With a menu sign on the wall and a window to order not much else was required. Except for an employee. Idling outside, he spotted Gwen through the glass switching out a tub of ice cream. She looked up at him with a pleasant smile. Job complete, she slid the window open.
"Hey Brian. Long time no see. Year maybe?"
"Sup Gwendolyn." He smirked trying not to look at her cleavage. That was impossible. She rolled her eyes and shook her head, "Bruno showed you my pic didn't he?"
"Pic? What pic?" He chuckled toying with his truck visor.
"Just admit it. I'm not angry."
"Yeah! They looked sexy as hell."
"I know they do." She pulls her cleavage out to admire herself, becoming giddy at their fullness. "Best investment I'll ever make. You want ice cream or just here to eyeball my tits?"
"Both. Give me..." He squints thinking about what he wanted. Finally, he points at her tits..."Those."
"Excuse me?" She blushes laughing, "Not on the menu Brian."
"Menu...ME N U." He winks.
"Are you seriously flirting with me after all this time?" She plays with her long brown hair and flares her big brown eyes at him. Strangely, he envisioned Margo for two seconds. Shaking off the vision he wondered where that had come from.
"Heard you were dating Braedon Wilkes."
"Oh, did you? Bruno talks too much."
"You and Braedon hot and heavy?"
"I'm not talking about our...not really." She fidgets, "I mean I like Braedon, but I don't think he's a keeper. Why? Scoping me out?"
"Scooping you out Ice Queen." He laughs, "Give me a chocolate cone. Take a lick of it before you pass it over."
"Closest as you'll ever get to these lips." She razzes him then shuts the window to scoop his ice cream into a waffle cone. Returning she resists handing it too him, sneering at Brian playfully before licking his ice cream rather seductively. He leaned on his truck windows threshold grinning, his sunglasses lowering to mask his full reaction. Handing it across to him she blushes. "It's on me."
"Not until it's actually on you." He wags his eye brows over his glasses.
"Dang Hancock! Flirting hard aren't you?" She shyly smiled.
She watches him swirl and flick his own tongue over where she had licked and then returns the cone to her possession. She looked troubled, "I don't taste good?" She realizes her blunder, "I mean, it doesn't taste good?"
"You taste great. You said the cone was on you. Prove it."
"What?" Her eyes bulge as he points at her tits.
"What's gotten into you?"
"Better question might be what's getting into you?"
"Wow!" She drops her jaw, "You couldn't have been like this a year ago when I had a crush...on you?" Beet red suddenly she turns her back to him. While away she feels his hand reach over and stroke her hair. Awestruck, she molds her expression into a smile from ear to ear. Catching her breath she turns back to face him then looks out the window in both directions, making certain no other customers were behind Brian. Huffing her cheeks with a hesitant look she sits the cone down on a napkin then points at him playfully, "Only once." She then lifts her shirt and skimpy bra over her tits and shares her pride and joys with him. That lowered his shades.
"Beautiful. Those need ice cream on them."
"WHAAAT?" She laughs nearly doubling over. Realizing how serious he was she stares without emotion, then drifts her eyes down toward the melting cone. Gritting her teeth she lifts the cone to her tits and swirls the chocolate ice cream around both nipples. Shivering at the chill her nips spiked. She then handed him the cone to lick where she had grazed her nips. As he claims it he drops it to the concrete and shakes his head. Unexpectedly, he wags his tongue at her and coils a luring index finger toward her. "Ohhhh crap!"
Unbuckling his seat belt, he puts his truck in park and leans out the window with his mouth wide, "Bring 'em in."
She trembles heavily but found herself unable to resist this tug he had on her. She had wanted Brian since his Junior year, even after she graduated a year earlier. Leaning her bare chest out the window she watches him swallow her left nipple. Jaw lowering at his tongue licking her areola Gwen mumbled, "I can't believe you're...that I'm letting...that feels so good Brian." He moved over to her right nipple and lets her see his tongue flicking at her meaty nipple erection. She whined at how crazy this was.
HOOOOOOOOONNKK!
"Oh shit!" Gwen pulled back inside and lowered her shirt and bra. Brian casually looks over to see Braedon's bunch laughing. Flipping him off Brian turns to an embarressed Gwen and smirks. Braedon hadn't seen their personal interaction, merely wanting to scare Brian by sneaking up on him.
"Piss your pants Hancock?" Braedon busts up. His buddies sharing in the amusement.
Brian winks at Gwen and said in a lower tone, "Jizzed maybe." She was spooked for certain. "Calm down, he didn't see anything."
"Are you sure?"
"We should hook up sometime."
"I don't know Brian. Let me sort out my feelings for Braedon." She looks out over the vehicles, "Great! Now my sisters show up." Brian looks over to his right and spots Daphne, MJ, and Heidi getting out of their Mom's car.
"I'll make sure Braedon doesn't think anything is up. Text me sometime." He pulls away from the drive thru and circles in front of Braedon. Pulling up next to the sisters Brian leaves plenty of room for everyone to see him. Hopping down he walks over to Daphne and MJ pulling them into a hug. The older sisters who both resembled Jennifer-Love-Hewitt were happy to see Brian and hugged him back. Smugly, Brian did the unexpected. Right in front of Braedon and Gwen he first pulled MJ in and kissed her full on the lips. Having blown her away, he swiftly switches sisters and kisses Daphne. Both girls grew giddy wanting more. Younger sister Heidi puckered up expecting the same only to find Brian palming her face and saying, "Pucker up when you're 18." As mean as it was the older sisters laughed at Heidi. Heidi folded her arms and pouted. Flipping them all off seemed to help.
Gwen felt ill suddenly, Brian had used her very own sisters to make her jealous. Worse, Braedon was actually checking out her sisters too. She felt as if she was on the losing end of both boys. Groaning she just shuts the window to cool off.
"What brought on that?" Daphne pats Brian's abs as he maintained his hugs from their sides.
"Long overdue. Can't a fella show some love to his super hot stepsisters?"
"You think we're super hot?" MJ brightens up, her own fingers prowling his shirt over his pecs.
"Always have. You know the family history...my dad and mom...I just needed to accept everybody. Yes! All of my stepsisters are fuckable."
"FUCKABLE?" Both MJ and Daphne bulge their eyes. Having all had crushes on Brian over the years, certain sensations arose that had not been socialized with in a very long time. Finally, Daphne speaks up, "You...want to have sex with us?" MJ looked hopeful.
"I know...weird right?" He chuckles, "Can't help it. The dick tells me what he wants. Who am I to deny?"
"Oh my God!" MJ shivers then looks down at Brian's tented jeans. Pointing at it draws Daphne in with a look of awe.
Darting his gaze between the sisters he goes bolder, "Is that a threesome calling out to us?"
"Hold up." Daphne breaks away whispering, "We can't talk like this in front of Heidi. She'll run straight to Mom."
"Tell you what. You two mull it over. You know my number...if not get it from my dad. I have to get home." Margo was waiting to finish off what he was holding in reserve. "Love you guys." He says loud enough for even Heidi. "Not you though. No punks allowed." Again she flips him off. Blown away, the sisters quickly confront Heidi with, "Don't tell Mom he kissed us."
Braedon had gotten out of his car to talk with a still trembling Gwen. Brian noting them walked over to the drive thru window. She nearly pissed herself at his smug behavior. Patting Braedon on the shoulder Brian scowled, "You better treat my sister right. If you don't I will..." He looked strange at his own words, "I meant I'll beat your ass."
Gwen just rolled her eyes and tried to keep her composure. "Oh! Looks like you got some chocolate on your shirt Sis." Brian pointed as she examined her top. Right above her nipple was indeed a stain. With a cold stare toward Brian they were swarmed by the girls. Brian smirked at Gwen, then while Braedon wasn't looking Brian mouthed, "I'm going to fuck you." Gwen held her breath and shivered. She wanted him badly, but using her sisters too?
"Okay." Gwen could not resist him, mouthing her own silent acceptance.
With another fist bump toward Braedon and two pats on the ass for Daphne and MJ, Brian Hancock headed for his truck. At his door stood Heidi still pouting. Without warning she dove into his arms and hugged him tight. Frowning Brian just patted her atop the head.
"Love you too Lil Sis." Nothing perverted. Merely sincerity. Brian wasn't totally an asshole. 80% at worst.
Honking at his departure Brian pulled away. Hitting the country he heard his cell ring. Looking at it he discovered it to be his older brother Jeff. Answering, regardless of the cellphone driving law he coughed up, "Yo Bro." Listening to Jeff run an idea by him Brian revealed an evil grin. "Dude! She won't see that coming." Another five minutes of planning Brian ended the call.
"I love it when two plans cum together. Three even."
Evil drove an F-150.