So here I was naked with a butt plug up my ass on my knees holding my black friend Joseph's 8 inch hard on in my hand. Oh did I say that my Mom and 6 hot college babes, wearing their panties and bras are all sitting around and watching me? They are my new room mates and me and my friend are supposed to put on a show and entertain them.
"Well come on Dude," Joseph says with anticipation, "You can't disappoint the ladies, start stroking!"
I had squeezed out a large dollop of white lotion and spread it all along Joseph's hard 8 inch shaft. Joseph moans appreciatively as I slide my hand slowly up and down his big and firm dick. My white fingers and the pure white of the lotion show off against his dark brown skin. My fingers slip and slide along his hard twitching shaft as I start speeding up.
I can hear my mom's heals click on the wood floor as she approaches me and slaps my bare ass.
"David, don't rush, play with him and make him beg to have you finish him off, there is only one cock and we want the show to last Oh, girls, you all have cell phones with those camera in them don't you?" They all show them to her. "Good, now be so kind as to take pictures of David giving his friend a hand job. You will find in David's room a fancy digital camera that his father bought for him, get that as well and take lots of pictures."
"Mom!" I plead.
She slaps my ass repeatedly and scolds me as she says, "You said you wanted such things, you wanted to be naked and jack off. So, now I'm going to get proof of it. You will do what I say, or else I will post them all over the web for your friends and class mates to see."
I sigh as the cameras flash, knowing she has me by the balls. I just give in and enjoy myself. I return my focus on my friends hard cock waiting to be stroked.
As I stroke his long thick cock I can feel his veins pulsing in it which seems to match his moaning. I get into jacking him and vaguely am aware of my situation, all I see is my white greased hands pumping his throbbing brown light coffee colored cock, I hear his moaning, I hear the deep breathing of the ladies around me as they get turned on watching us. Eventually Joseph starts to beg me to finish him off, he pleads me to hurry up and mash his cock faster, he needs to cum. I don't stop and keep pounding his dick. He pleads that he is going to explode. I feel my ass gets slapped and hear my mom command me to stop. Joseph then grabs his cock and points this throbbing member at my chest and it gushes out a thick creamy stream that splashes me. He pumps his cock like he was pumping a rifle and he shots out another thick string of gooey cum to land on me.
"That was very impressive Joseph," my mom remarks, "Now, David start jacking your own dick and spray it all over your friend. I want you to show off how fast you can cum."
"Yes mom."
I take the lotion and smear it all over my own more modest dick and start pounding it. While I jack off the ladies around us call out.
"Faster,"
"Harder"
"We want to see the cum!"
"Spray him!"
I feel Joseph's still warm cum on my chest start dripping down and I can smell his cum. I feel the pulse in my cock and hear everyone wanting to see my stuff. As my whole body stiffens with the anticipation of my vigorous release, I feel the butt plug in my ass slowly slip out. I keep stroking my cock, feeling it pulse in my hand as I bring myself closer to the edge. I can't take it any longer and I need to feel my cum pouring out, I can feeling it building up in my hot cock struggling for escape.
"Oh god," I groan, "I'm going to.....cummmmmm....ugh!" I roar as I start to spurt!
My dick is like a hose pointed at Joseph's black skin and I push out a thick stream of white to land on him. I moan and groan with a guttural sound of joy as a second shorter rope of goo splashes his chest as I collapse. I pant and try to catch my breath and feel my cock still hard and twitching in my relaxing hand.
"Good boy," My mom whispers in my ear as she pats my ass. "Now I bet everyone has worked up an appetite, am I right?"
We all yell out "Yes!'
"I thought so, I will order us some pizza, David get my phone and I'll order some. While we are waiting for the pizza to arrive, its time to see how obedient you all are. It's about time you did some entertaining. Let's see how well you all perform. So, make yourselves comfortable and start masturbating for us. Remember, only two of you girls will get to actually get to live here. I'm looking for the most compliant and skilled performer. So, if you're not up for obeying my wishes than you can leave, no hard feels, and that pun was intended."
The first to react is the Asian girl.
"No problem, Mrs. Dee. I'm already naked and wet." She sits spreads wide her legs and takes two of her slender fingers and slips them slowly into her waiting wet pussy.
"Finally, some relief!" The Hispanic girl says and she pulls down her moistened thong so she has access to her cunt and begins to fondle herself.
They then all get into it and soon the room is filled with naked girls moaning with the sounds of fingers and pussy play.
So we are both sporting hard ons when the twenty something guy comes to deliver the stack of pizzas. We offer to help and he mutters yes as he is fixating on our hard dicks and the sight of all the masturbating nubile girls. He can't believe his eyes. I walk up to him with my stiff cock pointed directly at him as I approach. "Great! I'm hungry! Mom, food is here!"
The delivery guy's eyes fixates on my stiff one and he starts to get a hard on himself, as the bulge in his tight jeans clearly shows. He follows my bare ass and I think his head will snap off as he tries to look at all the nearly naked girls and Joseph's stiff dick.
My Mom approaches in her leather mistress outfit, her 38 double-dees jiggling in her cinched black leather corset, her wide sexy hips wrapped in black leather hot shorts and she reaches out her black gloved hands and rests one on his chest the other playfully walks along his leg toward his straining bugle.
"Well, young man I can tell you like what your seeing," she says in a sultry whisper and she snuggles up to him, gently waving the money in front of him as she runs her hand along his straining stiff dick under his jeans.
"Good. Now you do deserve a nice tip, but I'm thinking you might be open to getting something other than money, do you agree?" As she speaks, she presses her hand against his confined dick under his jeans.
He just sighs as she undoes his belt, and opens up his jeans and unzips them.
"Now young man, when I ask a question I expect an answer," she squeezes his cock hard and he winces.
"I'm sorry," he sputters.
"That's better." as her gloved hands rubs his stiff dick under his white briefs, "as I was saying rather than money, why don't I have my son suck your hard cock, what do you say to that?"
"What?" We both blurt out.
My mom slaps my ass and says, "I command you to suck his prick. Remember the pictures; you have to do what I say."
I sigh and realize she has got me. I finish undoing his jeans and pull down his white BVD underwear. His hard cock springs out stiffly now that it's released. I can hear the guy moan as I approach his dick with my tongue. I run my tongue along this soft skin and he moans some more. I realize I have complete control over him with this cock as I lick him. He puts his hands on my shoulders to steady himself. I open my mouth and swallow his cock and he is trembling. Doing this with his cock is like playing a musical instrument. I completely control his body and him as I lick and suck on his hard soft cock. I can't help myself the feeling of power is a sexual rush and my own cock is throbbing as I lick and suck this strangers cock.
"Oh fuck...oh fuck....I'm going to burrrrrrsttt...."
I feel the build up heat in his meat and it begins to pulse and then spurts a thick warm fluid gushes into my mouth. I can't deal with it and start to gage. The cum spurts out of my mouth as I try to breathe as move of his thick cum shoots from his cock head. It all drips down my mouth onto my throat and chest. His cock shrinks and slips out of my mouth and hands, slick with my salvia and his cum. I instinctively go to wipe my mouth to clean myself off and then I feel my mom slapping my ass.
"No! Leave it. Just wear that cum," She says as I finally notice the flashing of lights from the cameras that have been taking pictures of my giving this stranger a blow job.
The pizza guy starts to pull up his underwear and pants.
"Wow, that was great! I hope you order pizza more often! Fuck yes!"
"David, Joseph, girls, I'm sure we've all worked up a good appetite, so let's eat."
I eat the pizza with my lips and mouth still tasting his cum and it mixes together. Extra salty and a familiar smell. I think I like it. As a eat my pizza slices I gather up the slick cum and plop it down onto the pieces so I can eat more.
The Hispanic girl notices my actions.
"Mrs. Dee, your sons a real cum slut. He's enjoying the taste of cum. We need to get him some more."