Chapter 1 - Our First Dogging Experience
Annie is a very beautiful 42-year-old woman. She looks after herself where her appearance was concerned. Especially on weekdays as she's an office manager. She has perfect shoulder-length blonde hair, only ever wears a little makeup, and is always dressed immaculately in a shirt, skirt, and jacket. Just a little about for stature she's tall at 5ft 10in and has large breasts, 36F to be precise, that usually stretch the buttons on her shirt to breaking point.
She is the perfect wife and we are still very sexually active after 20 years together. She's always up for fun, and we experimented with all sorts of sexual positions and fantasies.
As we tried different role plays and fantasies, I noticed what turned her on the most were fantasies involving exhibitionism and voyeurism. She would get extremely wet when she read stories or I described situations involving her getting naked in public. We would watch porn together and I would slide my cock in and out of her sopping-wet pussy as we watched. She would even cum while sucking my cock if she imagined a stranger was watching us.
As we explored this fantasy together I began to notice that what sent her over the top was when she imagined she was being watched by a group of men as she stripped and exposed herself to them, her breasts, her arse, and most of all her pussy. She loved the thought of putting on a show for them, squeezing her boobs and parting her pussy lips, touching herself, and eventually finger fucking herself until she orgasmed in front of them.
She loved the idea of the men getting more and more aroused, getting their cocks out and wanking as they stared at her beautiful tits and neatly trimmed pussy. She also loved the thought of putting on a live sex show for them, with me fucking her hard from behind or her sucking me off until she made me cum over her pretty face and large soft breasts. It was clear she was an exhibitionist and got off on the power of arousing men to the point where they couldn't control themselves anymore and could do nothing but spill spunk on the floor as they watched her.
On Thursday evening we were having sex. I'd been working her up getting her to imagine there was a group of guys watching her through the window, wanking with themselves. We'd left the curtains open. This made her extremely wet and turned on, so I dropped the big question. "Why don't we do this for real?"
She immediately answered "Yes, I want them watching me now. I want to see their cock. Wanking and cumming as they look at me!" at that point her body began to quiver and I felt her pussy tighten on my cock as she came with an earth-shattering orgasm.
After she'd recovered enough to speak, I asked her again.
"I'm not sure," she pondered, "I'm not sure how I'd feel if a group of strangers were there looking at me like this. I think I'd find it scarier than sexy and probably want to run away."
I looked down and her fingers were flicking over her clitoris as she spoke. "Well you certainly look like you're enjoying the idea to me," I said, "all those men stroking their big hard cocks watching you expose your tits and opening your legs to show them your pussy, watching you finger yourself until they cum."
She started rubbing herself faster as I spoke and it wasn't long till she groaned loudly and came for a second time. After catching her breath, she said, "Well, ok, maybe I could suck your cock while they watched," she said as she rolled over and took my cock in her mouth.
The next day, over breakfast, I asked her if she was serious or if it was just lust speaking.
"I'm game if you are," she replied.
We talked about how we could make it happen. There weren't any swingers clubs or porn theatres that we knew of near us, where a little exhibitionism would be ok. So we decided on Willingham Woods, a notorious dogging spot just off the A631. It would be a 20 minutes drive from home, far enough not to know anyone. We decided we could stay in the car and check out the situation and if she didn't like it we could just drive off again. We planned to go this Saturday night.
On Saturday evening Annie got ready. She put on a tiny red thong, matching lace bra, a pair of black knee-length heeled boots, and a tight black dress that buttoned down the front and finished mid-thigh. She put her hair up in pigtails and put on more makeup than usual making her look a bit slutish. She looked stunning.
As we drove over we both were getting more and more excited and nervous. I worked her up saying how many people would probably be there and how great she was going to look sucking my cock in front of them. She had her dress hitched up just enough to allow her to rub her pussy through her knickers.
We were getting close. I reached over and ran my fingers up and down the front of her knickers. They were warm and wet. We slowly pulled into the car park near the biker's cafe. It was going dark, but we could see several cars parked, some with interior lights on. We could see a few figures moving about the car park. We parked up at the top end of the triangular-shaped car park. It was a warm summer night, so I opened the windows a little so we could get some air and hear what was going on. Annie reached over and started to massage my cock through my trousers and in no time I had a raging hard-on.
Annie started to squeeze her breasts, rubbing her hard nipples through her dress with her left hand while she unzipped my fly and pulled my rock-hard cock out with the other, and started to stroke it.
I leaned over and undid a couple of buttons from the bottom of the dress. I pushed the material to either side exposing her knickers. I undid more buttons from the top and slipped my hand inside, cupping her breast. Her nipples were sticking out harder than I had ever felt them before. She leaned over and started sucking my cock as I played with her pussy through her knickers.
"shall I put the light on," I asked her, to which she didn't respond. I took this as a yes so flicked it on. My wife was now bathed in light.
Within minutes a couple of men had moved close to the car. We could not see out well enough to be able to tell what they looked like but that did not matter. Annie started to put on a show for them. Still sucking my dick she reached down and undid the remaining buttons on her dress and pulled it open, showing off her red underwear. She teased her nipples through her bra with her left hand and rubbed her pussy through her knickers with her right.
The combination of this, sucking my cock, and being watched was too much for her and it only took about 20 seconds before she had her first orgasm. Groaning loudly, her eyes closed. By now the men had moved close to her window and were peering through the glass at us, rubbing bulges in their trousers.
Annie sat up looked at me and kissed me on the lips. Then she shocked me. She opened her window a little more and said to the men "I want to see your cocks!"
I could hardly believe my ears. What was she doing? My mind was reeling but my cock was harder than ever. I was losing control of the situation and thought maybe we should go, but I was so aroused that I wanted to see what happened next. I didn't have to wait long to find out.
The men each undid their trousers and pulled their dicks out. They were already hard. I was gratified to see the first guy's cock was smaller than mine, at about 5 inches, he was a short, fat fella, probably in his mid-50s, but built like a rugby prop. The other guy's cock was only semi-hard but his cock was already bigger than mine at about 8 inches. He was well built, probably in his thirties and was circumcised. I could see pre-cum shining on the tip of his cock in the light. He was much taller and much more athletic than the first guy. I must admit the size of his dick was making me feel a little jealous.
"Wow, you guys don't need much encouragement do you!" said Annie, as, to my horror she opened the car door. The two men crowded into the door opening getting as close as possible. She reached out and gave each of their testicles a good fondling.
"Hey," I said, "this wasn't the deal!"
"Don't worry honey, I just wanted to know what they felt like, I won't forget you." She smiled as she wrapped her right hand around my engorged cock. I felt lost. My cock was throbbing so hard that I didn't have the willpower to do anything except try not to spunk all over the car there and then. "Looks like you are enjoying the show too'' she said, smiling wickedly at me. I was so turned on that I had to play along.
She turned back to our guests and touched the circumcised tip of the taller guy's cock. Playing with his pre cum before licking her finger and letting out an audible "hmmm". The two guys were now both wanking themselves. My wife was playing with my cock whilst taking turns fondling their bollocks. The taller guy had reached in and was groping my wife's tits through her bra. I reached over and rubbed her pussy through her kicker, then I gathered all my courage and pulled her knickers to the side exposing her to the strangers.
The first guy, the fat guy, reached in and started fingering my wife. She responded by taking hold of his cock and slowly pulling it while the other guy continued to wank himself and play with her tits. After a few moments, she swapped to the second guy. He also reached in and started fingering my wife, she now had 2 guys playing with her perfect pussy at the same time. It was at this point that she let go of my cock and she started pulling on both their cocks at the same time.
The second guy licked his fingers and rubbed her clitoris. Annie was moaning loudly as she was nearing her second orgasm. She wasn't quite there so I squeezed her boobs through her bra, and then I pulled the fabric under her tits, revealing them to the guys. I pinched and pulled her nipples making her squirm, they were standing to attention at nearly an inch proud. She still wasn't quite there so she took hold of the second guy's hand and placed it on her other breast so she could take over playing with her clitoris.
She masturbated ferociously and the two guys wanked themselves and groped at her tits. Their cocks were only inches away from her body. The first guy reached down pulled her legs wider apart and slipped two fingers inside her pussy, moving them in and out like a piston on a train. This sent Annie over the edge and with screams of pleasure she orgasmed more intensely than she ever had before. This sent the second guy over the edge and he fired jet after jet of cum all over my wife's tits and her clothes. This had a knock-on effect and the first fat guy came hard spraying his cum directly onto my wife's neatly trimmed pussy. He reached forward and rubbed it against her clitoris and open pussy lips as it dribbled down between her legs onto the car seat.
Then they both retreated away from the car door. It was then we realised another three guys were also watching.
I said to Annie "we should go!"
"Not yet" she replied still gasping for breath. "I want more." With that, she turned and summoned the fresh group of guys to approach. The first guy stepped forward. She took hold of his cock. It was small, only about 4 inches, and pulled him closer to her. She then amazed me by opening her mouth and letting him push his dick into my wife's mouth. She slowly closed her lips around it and sucked it deep down. I watched mesmerised, as the man's cock pushed in and out of her mouth. She was taking his full length easily as he pumped his cock in and out faster and faster, fucking her pretty face.
The other two guys had their cocks in their hands, wanking themselves. One guy had a decent size cock, about the same length as mine, 7 inches, but a bit fatter. The other guy's cock was big, at least 9 inches long, and thick with it.
Just then the guy my wife was sucking let out a low groan. Annie pulled off his cock just in time for me to see long spurts of cum shoot from his dick. He sprayed jets of spunk across her lips, chin and down onto her tits. He just kept on cumming. He must have spurted 6 or 7 times before he was done. She was covered.
He moved back and was quickly replaced by the next guy who grabbed her head and forced his cock into her open mouth. He fucked her mouth fast, plunging in and out. Annie was gagging and pushed her hand between his legs, grabbing his bollocks. They looked huge as she massaged them with her right hand, trying to control his thrusts with her left.
It only took a few minutes when suddenly the man tensed up and pushed his cock as far down her throat as he could whilst holding her head fast, not allowing her to release him. My wife squeezed his big balls, barely able to breathe, as he pumped his spunk down her throat. I could see the big vein under his cock pulsate over and over again as he dumped load after load of his seamen down her throat. My wife had no choice but to suck and swallowed for all she was worth. As he finished and pulled his satisfied cock out of her mouth, cum dripped from her lips and down her chin to mix with the other guy's cum on her chest.
I looked at her. Her make-up had run from her eyes and her hair was a mess. The cum all over her face and tits completed the look of a complete slut. "What about me?" I asked, rather pathetically.
"I haven't forgotten you," she said gasping.
She turned towards me. I could see the spunk on her face, trickling down between her breasts and coating her
erect nipples. It was all I could do not to cum as she slipped her arms out of her dress. She was now only wearing a cum-splashed thong, her bra pushed under her tits and her boots. She leaned over and kissed me. I could taste the warm cum on her lips and tongue.
I slipped my jeans down and she wriggled herself around onto her knees on the seat next to me and lowered her head onto my cock. She reached back between her legs to play with her soaking wet pussy, rubbing strangers cum all over her, even pushing her cum soaked finger inside herself. The view from behind her must have been fantastic. I was in heaven as she sucked my cock. I could feel the other guy's cum transfer onto my thighs from her tits as her head bobbed up and down my cock. I was completely overwhelmed as I rapidly approached climax when I heard Annie grunt loudly.
She stopped sucking me and started to gasp. It was at that moment that I realised one of the men had plunged his cock into my wife's pussy. I could see his hips thrusting as his cock moved in and out of her pussy, his balls slapping against her.
Before I could react, Annie came loudly, arching her back in immense pleasure. As she did, I could just see it was the man with the huge cock who'd entered her pussy. Her pussy lips were being stretched by his huge girth, pulled out and pushed back as if they were trying to grip his huge cock.
I managed to guide her head back to my cock and for the next 5 minutes, we spit-roasted her. Eventually, I saw the guy fucking her tense up and start to come deep inside her. I wasn't even sure if he was wearing a condom but it was too late to do anything about it, and I wasn't sure I even wanted to, for I began spurting my load into the air in front of my wife's face, covering myself and her in my cum. The guy finally pulled his cock out of my wife's pussy, spilling more cum on her dress and car seat. He hadn't been wearing one.
The guys finally backed off and Annie fell back into her seat, reached out and closed the car door. I took that as our cue to go. I started the car and pulled away slowly.
We drove in silence for a while. Annie was still nearly naked, covered in the stranger's cum. "Well, it looks like you enjoyed that nearly as much as I did," she finally said, looking down at the mess of cum that was all over my lap. I hadn't bothered covering myself either.
"Yes, but I am not sure we'll be doing it again," I said.
My wife opened her legs and dipped two fingers into her pussy, scooping out a wad of cum. She played with it for a few seconds between her fingers then put them in her mouth and sucked them clean, getting a final taste of the stranger's cum. She then massaged the sticky cum on her breasts into her body. She smiled at me "Oh I think we probably will!" she replied.
As my cock stiffened again and she looked down at it and smiled. "in fact, I'm certain of it," she said, smiling wickedly.
Chapter 2 - My First Dogging Experience
Little did my husband know but this had not been my first dogging experience. I had cheated on him and been dogging twice before. On my own!
My husband had been hinting at it for a while talking dirty during sex. Telling me how he wanted to see a group of strangers, watching me getting naked in public and getting fucked. But I never thought he'd want to go through with it, and this had me very worked up indeed. I was constantly thinking about it. I knew I had to explore this fantasy. Maybe I should have talked to him, but I wasn't thinking straight. I needed to be seen, touched even, by strangers. People I didn't know and didn't care about me. Sex without any comeback so my husband wouldn't find out.
This is what happened on my first dogging adventure.
It was Saturday night. My husband had gone out drinking with his mates in Lincoln. I was home alone, horny as ever. I'd made myself cum using my toys, but this had failed to satisfy my needs.
It was 8.30 pm. I quickly undressed and changed into black stockings and suspenders, one of my shortest black skirts, a matching lacey black bra and knickers, and a black with blue spots frill neck blouse.
I had estimated it would take me about 20 minutes to reach the dogging area, the same one I'd visit a few weeks later with my husband. I drove over and pulled into the car park at around 9.15 pm. I parked up and lowered my window for a better view. It was still daylight and almost instantly a man approached. I will never forget his words, "So does blondie want to suck some dick?"
I responded with a "yes please!" and with that, he pulled his cock out of his trousers and stood against the car door pushing his pelvis through the open window. I was shocked as he reached into the car, grabbed my hair and pulled my head brusquely toward his erect penis. I was totally surprised at the firmness of his action and the quickness events had unfolded. I found myself having no other choice but to open my mouth, into which he quickly inserted his dick. He used my hair to pull my head onto his penis as he began to pump away at my face. He push hard into my throat, I had never taken a cock so deep before. I gagged a little, his actions made me feel like a dirty slut. Within a few moments, he grunted and ejaculated into my mouth.
I was thankful he didn't cum a lot, but even then I struggled not to choke and gag and managed to swallow his cum with him still holding my head onto his cock. He finished by slowly pumping my mouth before he released me and pulled his penis from my mouth putting himself away and without a word left.
The whole thing I don't believe lasted more than 3 minutes. I was a little shaken and needed to get my thoughts together. With the taste of cum I'm my mouth and a wet pussy, I quickly left and drove towards home.
I touched myself and couldn't believe how wet my knickers were. I was too shaken to drive safely and it was only 9.30 so I decided to stop at a pub in Ludford called the White Hart Inn, which I had passed earlier. I entered the pub, ordered half a larger at the bar and sat at a table on my own. I reflected on the recent event, trying to work out how I felt about it. I'd found it a huge turn in but the guy used my mouth without anything in return. I could taste the saltiness of his sperm lingering in my mouth. I took a sip of my drink trying to waste the taste away when I became aware of a group of young men laughing across from me. I realised that I was sitting facing them with my legs crossed and my stocking tops on show.
"Bloody hell," I thought.
Then I thought, "What the hell." I uncrossed my legs and opened them a little. I don't know if they could see up my skirt or not but certainly, they were enjoying the view. They repeatedly glanced over at me and it was making me feel horny. I'd just sucked off a stranger and now I was flashing a group of young men. I crossed my ankles and allowed my knees to fall apart. My skirt rode up and I was sure the guys would now have a good view up my skirt and my soaking knickers. I pretended to not realise and took a sip of my drink and returned to my thoughts.
It crossed my mind that I was doing exactly what my husband had been fantasising about me doing. Exposing myself to total strangers. I felt the rush of excitement growing, my heart was racing and it felt marvellous.
As I thought of the stranger's cock I had just swallowed, I realised I hadn't even seen his face. I had only seen his belly to his thighs. He was overweight with a beer belly and a small to average size penis but that is about all I could tell you about him. I decided I should return immediately, I wanted more.
I reached under the table, hooked my thumbs into the knicker elastic and slide them off, putting them in my purse. Not sure if the guys had seen I finished my drink and decided to give my new admirers a good show as I left. I swung one leg out to the side so my legs were wide apart as I picked up my purse. They now had a clear view of my gaping wet pussy. I heard one of the lads gasp. I then flashed them a smile and walked out of the pub back to my car.
I had hoped they might have followed but they didn't. I got into my car and drove back to the car park and pulled into the same spot I had previously vacated. It was now 10.15 and dropping dark. I turned on my interior light and within minutes another man approached me. I don't remember his exact words, he indicated that I should give him a blow-job. I asked him to show me the goods. He unzipped his trousers to reveal a most impressive erect penis.
He was younger and fitter than my previous encounter, not that it mattered, but he was a lot more attractive. I opened the car door and I was soon out of the car on my knees wanking his shaft and licking the head of his cock. He undid his shirt. I ran my hands up to his hairless chest. He had a very tight body and I was surprised at how big his penis felt in my mouth.
He took hold of my blouse and I lifted my arms allowing him to take it off exposing my bra. I used my hand on his shaft and ran my tongue over his helmet, before moving to his scrotum. Sucking in each of his marvellous testicles, filling my mouth whilst wanking him furiously. I truly love the feel of a man's scrotum in my mouth. The texture is so different. I did this for a few minutes until he asked me to suck his dick again. Naturally, I obliged.
He fondled my tits then pulled my bra up releasing the girls whom he enthusiastically played with. I could feel his helmet swelling as he approached climax. He told me he wanted to cum over my face and he began to pump faster as I sucked his dick and massaged his balls. I could feel them tightening and his breath quickening. With one hand on the back of my head, he thrust in and out of my mouth, deeper and deeper, hitting the back of my throat. He then pulled out and lifted my chin with one hand and wanked himself with the other until he exploded over my face.
The first ejaculation went from my forehead to my nose. The next one caught my right cheek, followed by 2 more bursts over my nose and left eye. He'd covered my entire face. He told me to open my mouth, which I did. He slipped his dripping cock back in allowing me to suck him clean.
He finally pulled out and put himself away. I got up from the floor and dusted myself off. I had holes in the knees of my stockings, my skirt had ridden up showing my stocking tops and suspenders. My tits were exposed. I had one eye closed because of cum in it. I had cum running down from my chin onto my bra. I looked like a dirty hoar and I was loving it. I asked, "what does a girl have to do to get shagged around here?". He told me I was in the correct place but I'd just been unlucky.
He left and the car park was quiet again. I could feel his cooling sperm drying on my face. I was pleased he hadn't cum fully in my mouth as I surely would not have been able to handle all of his load. I wanted to wait for more action but it was getting late and my husband might be home soon, so I picked up my blouse and got in the car.
My left eye was a bit blurry with cum so I didn't set off straight away. I lifted my skirt to around my waist and rubbed my clitoris furiously and pinched my nipples with my other hand. If only my husband knew what I was doing. I think he would probably kill me but I didn't care. It was his doing anyway. I was pleased with myself, I'd sucked two strangers' cocks and it felt fantastic!
As I played with myself I could feel the stranger's sperm dry on my face and chest, I did not touch it. As my eye cleared I surveyed the area. Not far from where I was parked, I could see a woman servicing 2 blokes, one on each side of her, but they were a bit far away to see any detail. I felt my orgasm building inside me as I watched them and I slipped two fingers inside myself masturbating as fast as I could until a huge orgasm ran through my whole body.
I wanted to stay longer, I'd love to have been fucked, but I did need to get home. I pulled my bra back down over my boobs. I left my blouse off and my skirt up so I could masturbate on the way home. What a pleasure that was! I shall do more of that.
I arrived back home just after 11:00 pm and sneaked into the house with my skirt still around my waist and carrying my blouse. James still wasn't home. I went into the bedroom and looked in the mirror, I could see how the sperm had dried on my face, my neck and my chest. That was very exciting. Spots were dried on my stockings and my bra had soaked up quite a lot as well. I took my bra off, putting it to one side ready to wear it again tomorrow. I wet my finger and rubbed some dried cum off my cheek and tasted it. It tasted good. A final taste of my adventure. I relished the flavour but felt it was time to wash him away before my husband came home.
I vowed to return to the area soon. Excited by the thought of the strangers I'd meet. I could not wait to taste them and hopefully more!
Chapter 3 - The Return
I had been anticipating tonight since my first adventure. It was Saturday night and James was going out again to a gentleman's dinner at the local rugby club. As soon as he left I immediately got ready for my return to Willingham Woods. My anticipation and excitement grew as the time neared.
I put on black stockings with a black suspender belt, black block-heel sandals, a sequin mini skirt and a sheer black long-sleeved top showing off my last black bra. No knickers.
I got in the car at around 9.30 pm and made the twenty-minute drive to my destination. I parked in the shadows to assess the situation. Put my hand up my skirt and started fingering myself. I could see some activity in the picnic area and decided to get a closer look.
I exited the car and walked over towards them. I stood near some benches a good twenty or thirty yards from the action, watching getting more turned on. It was a woman on her knees only wearing a short skirt and a bra. She was enthusiastically sucking on two guys' cocks. I could hear her moan and groan as she went back and forth from one to the other.
I was only standing there briefly when a man approached me and asked if I'd like some action. He was an older guy, probably in his late fifties/early sixties, with grey hair and a beer belly. It could have been the guy from my first encounter but I couldn't be certain.
"I do," I replied.
He took me by the hand and lead me over to a bench and table. He sat me down and took his soft, rather small penis out of his trousers and offered it to me. I took it in my mouth slowly sucking him with my forehead pressed into the underside of his belly. As I sucked I could feel him grow in my mouth. He fondled my tits through my sheer top. After a few moments, he was fully erect, a good 5 inches. I stood up and leaned over the table slightly beckoning him to take me. I immediately felt the cool breeze on my bum as he raised my skirt. He approved with a "nice!" as he discovered I wasn't wearing knickers. Without hesitation, his fingers started probing my vigina. I could hear his breathing quicken as he slipped two fingers easily inside of me. I was already very wet.
He groaned as he rubbed my virginal juices over my clitoris then slipped another finger inside me, making me groan with pleasure as I was stretched open by his three fat fingers. After a few moments, he removed them and rubbed my wetness onto his cock. He unwrapped a condom and slid it down his shaft. Then I felt his penis rub up against my slit, making me judder with anticipation before he eased his penis into my vigina. I gasped and pushed back against him, taking his full length. He quickly began to hump me before pulling out and demanding that I remove my skirt as it was falling in his way.
I immediately complied and bent over the picnic table again. He grabbed hold of my hips and pushed his penis up my vigina again. He fucked me with more vigour. I truly enjoyed this and lay my body down on the table letting the stranger fuck me from behind. He went at me like a rampant rabbit and it was not long before I felt his grip tighten on my hips with a final deep thrust I felt him begin to pump me full of his semen. I could feel his cock pulsating against my virginal walls and the heat generated warmed my whole body as I gasped with pleasure.
As he finished cuming, he pulled out tied a knot in the condom and threw it on the table beside me. I was still not satisfied, he had left me wanting more. I was just beginning to enjoy his shagging. I could see some other guys had gathered around to watch and that caused a rush of excitement in me. My husband had frequently mentioned me being watched getting fucked.
I reached back between my legs and began to rub my pussy. It was dripping wet from my first fucking and I used it to masturbate myself. I didn't have to wait long until another guy approached. A black guy. He was younger and more virile than my previous man. His cock was fully erect when he approached me.
He asked me to stand up. I did, turning towards him. He squeezed my breasts and asked me to remove my top, which I did. He unclipped my bra and I let it fall from my shoulders exposing my breasts. I was now naked except for the stockings and suspender belt in front of the group of voyeurs. He squeezed them and then kissed each nipple in turn, his lips felt large and soft. He turned me away and bent me over. I put my hands on the table as he proceeded to fondle and squeeze my tits. I could feel his penis press against my bum. I was so turned on that I needed to be fucked by him.
I leaned further over the table and opened my legs wide apart reached underneath myself and took hold of his penis, it felt huge. I guided him into proper contact with my vigina and he pushed his hips forward, sliding his penis into me. It felt tight as he stretched my vigina. He cupped my tits in both hands as he slowly glided his penis in and out of my unprotected vigina, and I didn't care, it felt awesome. His rhythm was slow at first, less rushed and more precise, pulling out almost completely before sliding in again to the hilt, with great deliberation. I could feel juices dripping down my inner thighs, being squeezed out of me by his forceful thrusts. My breasts were being pulled, fondled, squeezed and pinched as he thrust. I was thrilled to be getting fucked by such a good partner, I'd never had a dick like it before.
As his thrusts sped up he used my tits to pull me back onto his shaft. His balls slapped against my clitoris. Soft moans emulated from my throat as this second stranger approached his climax. I too was getting close to orgasm, then I felt him tense up and increase his grasp on my tits as he ejaculated his sperm into my vagina.
He held me tight as he came and came, making me more and more excited. God, I love to fuck! When he finally stopped and pulled away, I turned and dropped quickly to my knees and cradled his softening penis in my hands. I began to lick and suck his helmet and then his balls, savouring the flavour of both our bodily fluids. I searched out the droplets interspersed with his pubic hair, lapping them up with my tongue. I made sure to lick and suck his scrotum clean before returning to holding his flaccid penis in my mouth, flicking my tongue on the underside of the head.
I was thrilled when I felt him growing in my mouth and with a renewed sense of urgency, I began to suck and lick him until he was hard again. I realised just how big he was at over 9 inches. I'd never seen one that big before. No wonder it had stretched me. Using my hand on his shaft, I continued to pay attention to his rigid penis, servicing him as best I could and I was rewarded by his continual appreciative groans. I kept at it for quite a while until he stopped me and pulled me up. Standing face to face, he kissed me on the lips, slipping his tongue into my mouth and pushing me up against the table. I had not expected the kissing. It seemed too personal but I played along with it.
With our tongues entwined he lifted one of my legs and again he inserted his penis into my dripping vigina and began to fuck me. I fell back onto the table and noticed a couple more guys had now approached us and were wanking, one on either side. I took hold of their hands and placed them on a breast a piece. This intensified my pleasure. I reached between their legs taking hold of their bollock.
I closed my eyes tightly feeling him using me, and being groped at the same time. At that point, I remember thinking, "I'm naked in front of a group of strangers in public, being fucked and groped. If only my husband knew!"
I concentrated on the feel of the black guy's penis stretching my pussy. He lifted my legs onto his shoulders allowing him to fuck me more easily and deeply than before. I looked into his eyes and saw pure lust, which I'm sure he saw in mine as well.
I turned my head to look at one of the other strangers who was playing with my tits. I moved my hand to his cock and started masturbating him. I looked the other way and did the same, their cocks were similarly sized at about 6 inches. The two guys leaned over and took a nipple each in their mouths and sucked hard, one guy used his teeth. This pleasure-pain felt wonderful as my black lover give me a right good shagging.
He was now pounding me with a great fury that I had not experienced since college. I could feel his ball slap against my anus. His pubic bone grinding against my clitoris with each thrust. It was wonderfully painful as he fucked me faster and faster. Even in the cool night air beads of sweat formed on his brow and chest as his hands cupped my
raised arse and my breasts were being bitten on.
I could hear the wet slaps of us meeting together and I knew I was nearing orgasm. When I did, it came from deep within me. A great rolling orgasm worked its way down and out my vagina while another wave spun upwards inside me and out my mouth in a low guttural primal moan. My body began to shudder and convulse and I gripped the two guys' cocks harder. This sent one of them over the edge as he quickly moved closer, took his cock from me and aimed it at my face. He fired a jet of cum across my cheek and lips. I turn towards him and cupped his balls pulling him towards me and sucked him clean. This set off the other guy who fired his load across my tits. Followed by my black lover who likewise let out a primal groan, as he offload his second load of semen into my vigina.
Exhausted and motionless, I lay on the Park bench as he pulled away to get his
breath and cool down. I was splayed open like a cheap whore, unable to move. My pussy was raw and exposed with the stranger's cum running out of me down between my bum cheeks and covering my anus. My breasts were bruised, heaving and covered in spunk. My face had cum on it and I licked what a could reach off with my tongue.
As my eyes slowly refocused, I could see that a small group of voyeurs had gathered less than 6 feet away to look on. I noticed one man putting his penis away apparently satisfied by his self-pleasure. Three others were still wanking. One guy then rushed towards me, stood between my open legs and shot his sperm over my pubic area then moved away. The next two guys approached. One between my legs and one by my face who offers me his cock. All I had the energy to do was stick my tongue out letting him rub the tip of his penis on it as he frantically wanked himself. In less than a minute he squirted his salty cum over my tongue and lips. I lapped it up like a cat drinking cream. I'd say about half of it made it into my mouth, which I swallowed after savouring the flavour. The other half spilt down my cheek, running into my ear and hair. Almost simultaneously the other guy ejaculated up my body hitting my tits.
Everybody had now been satisfied and left me spread-eagled and naked, covered in cum, laying on the picnic table. It seemed ages before I could move, the only reason I did was I was getting cold. I rolled off the table, gathered my clothes and the used condom off the table, I hate littering, and stumbled back to my car. I threw my clothes onto the passenger seat and practically had to crawl behind the wheel.
I stayed naked for the drive home taking the scenic route to make sure no one was following. My body was still shaking. I remember the feeling of cum leaking from me onto the car seat. I should have sat on my skirt. I ran my hands over my breasts and body, smearing the now sticky sperm into my skin.
When I got home and parked the car on the drive at the front of the house and collected my things. I decided to have a final bit of fun. I'd go in via the back door which meant walking out onto the street to get to the back alleyway and in through the back garden gate.
I must say it was invigorating! It felt wonderful to have the cool breeze on my well-used vigina. With my clothes under my arm, I walking down the street naked except for stockings and suspenders and covered in dried cum was a wonderful experience and very exciting. It was late and fortunately, no one was about. I say fortunately because I do not know how I would have explained or responded if someone had inquired as to my condition!
I entered the house through the back door. Turned the lights on and went up to the bedroom. I looked in the full-length mirror to access my condition. My stockings were laddered and had a hole in one knee and my pussy was very red and puffy. I could see where it was irritated from where my lover's course pubic hair had been grinding against me. My inner thighs were quite sore and stick with semen mixed with my juices.
I sat on the bed and opened my legs whilst I continued my self-examination. I dripped a couple of fingers inside myself. I was very wet from the stranger's cum still leaking from me. I used it to slowly masturbate as look looked at myself in the mirror. My breasts were tender and my nipples were still erect and puffy. They would be bruised from all the abuse they'd received. My skin glowed radiantly, still flush from the exposure and intense orgasm. My face had dried cum on and my hair was matted with spunk.
I moved my clothes off the bed when I noticed the used condom laying on the bed. Bloody hell I thought. What if my husband had found that? I picked it up to dispose of it. I felt heavy. A sudden adrenaline rush came over me and my heart started to pound. I undid the knot and emptied the contents into my mouth. There was loads of it. I swirled it around my mouth with my tongue before swallowing the lot. I turned the condom inside out and draped it over my vigina then pushed it inside. It felt wonderful. I now had a second guy's semen in my vigina. I masturbated myself to another orgasm before removing the condom. I had to get rid of the evidence so I made a final naked dash outside to the bin and then returned to the bedroom.
I was extremely happy and satisfied with the evening. As I delicately touched my aching clitoris I knew this was not the end but only the beginning and I began to look forward to my next adventure.
To be continued.