All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica.
As you may remember Henri always gets what he wants, but he was very frustrated with Janice West. He pulled out all the stops to get her panties off, as you will see.
We will get back to the Meeting between Peter and his boss.
"I don't care what the reason was for you to refuse Henri Towns, call him back. Do whatever you have to do to secure his account for us. I want that account, Peter! Or else!" Bill Sturn shouted.
Peter was in turmoil; Bill didn't want to hear why he refused to sign up Towns. He went to his office, logged out of his computer, and went home. He had a dilemma that needed to be addressed, either he takes early retirement, or he folds to his boss's demand. In the process it may break up his marriage.
Meanwhile Janice was called into Carl's office. "Janice, you will need to call Henri Towns. I want his business. Do what you have to do." He directed the shaken woman because she knew what she needed to do.
"Do you know what he wants me to do, Carl?"
"Yes, he told me in no uncertain terms how you will be able to secure his business, but I still want you to call him and make it happen, Janice. Or else!"
"So, you want me to be nude just to get Towns' business. Haven't I performed well for all these years I've been here?"
"Yes, but if that's what it takes to get his business. Do it! We live in a new world, Janice." Carl explained with sympathy. "We all have to do some things we dislike for the good of the company."
The shaken woman went to her office, logged out of her computer, and went home.
The couple arrived home within minutes of each other, it was ten AM.
"How come you're home Janice?"
"I need to find a way to get the Henri Towns contract. Carl gave me an ultimatum or else."
"I received the same ultimatum from Bill. Does Carl know what you will have to do?"
"Yes, he does Carl said it was for the good of the company that I need to make amends with Towns. I wish I never laid eyes on that man!" Janice exclaimed. "How are we going to get out of this, Peter." She started to cry.
"Well Bill doesn't know what you need to do but doesn't care. He's only looking at the money Towns has." Peter said with anger.
"What can we do Peter?" Janice asked hopefully.
"Janice, I think you know what needs to be done. We have to call Henri and schedule a meeting with him as soon as possible. To get this situation settled as soon as possible."
"You're right Peter, but will you be mad at me if I need to audition for the creep?"
"No, my dear I know it will be done for the good of our family. So, are we in agreement that I should call Henri?"
"Henri said he will pay whatever I want for the audition and could refuse to model for him. I think I will ask for ten thousand dollars. Call him, put the asshole on speaker."
"Sounds like a plan." Peter answered as he dialed Henri's cell.
"Hello, Peter how can I help you?" Henri answered with delight.
"You're on speaker my wife is here with me."
"Great, so what do you need from me?" Henri asked as he wanted the West's to ask for a meeting which will be recorded.
"We would like to have a meeting with you."
"Peter I'm very busy with interviews of models, so the only way that I will meet with you is if Janice agrees to audition for the model position." Henri lied.
"Henri if the only way to get a meeting with you is for me to audition for you then I will do that. I want ten grand for the audition, you said you will pay what I wanted even if I turned down your offer to model."
"I will give you the ten grand for the audition, but you will have to model for me. I will also pay you the ten grand a day, every time I call on you to model." Henri said with authority.
"Why is that Henri? You're going back you your word" Janice was almost in tears again.
"Janice, that was because I needed you to model then, but now I have other women. You're coming to me now, so that is my offer." He lied; Henri has not looked for other women. He wanted Jan to model for him, but he has the upper hand presently.
"Okay I guess that we will meet with you." Janice said downheartedly. "We have no other choice!" She thought.
"I have tomorrow at one available. Janice, wear something easy to remove with no undergarments as you did the last time, when I saw you at the Longhorn steakhouse." Henri directed, with excitement. He will make her wish she had accepted his first proposal.
After they disconnected Janice started to cry. "All these years I worked my way up the ladder, resisted the opportunity to trade sexual favors to get ahead, because I love you, had no interests in other men. Now when we're almost ready to retire this happens. I hope you will still love me when I do what has to be done tomorrow." Janice babbled.
He went to his wife his heart broke to see her so distraught. "My dear, first of all you're not trading sex for getting ahead your modeling. For someone that has all the money in the world to get what he wants, you put up a good fight."
"It may not be for sex, but did you hear what Monica said when she modeled for Henri the first time. She couldn't wait to take a ride on his equipment!" Janice babbled.
"Do you think you will be tempted to do that also Janice?"
"Of course not, but what if he will ask for that as part of the deal, we have to make with him?"
Peter didn't answer her question, but continued, this made her suspicious of her husband's motives also.
"I know there is no other way, Janice. We have too much time invested in our careers with the companies we are working for to resign and start over. We're too old to do that and too close to retirement. We will get through this my dear. I love you dearly that you have the courage to do this for us."
"Do you want to see me nude in front of Henri?" Janice asked as she looked intently at her husband.
"Well, that's the only way we can get his business." Peter explained red faced.
"You want to see me nude you son of a bitch!" Janice screamed in tears, she went to their bedroom slammed and locked the door. She cried her eyes out for hours!
Peter had never seen his wife so mad; they had fought before, but this one was the worst they had in their married life!
Peter had a fitful sleep in the guest room. "I hope our marriage is strong enough to weather the coming storm. Hopefully my wife will realize that it was the only way to go forward in the organization we work for. She should be pissed at Henri not me!"
In the master bedroom. "It's not Peter's fault that Henri was intrigued by my looks. Why did I get angry with him?" She couldn't sleep all night but was afraid to go to her husband after her remarks.
The next day, Thursday, the couple still in their rooms called their respective bosses on their cell phones. They told them they had a meeting with Henri and wouldn't be in the office. Both their employers were cautiously optimistic that they would get Henri's business.
Once Janice disconnected, she removed her PJs, and walked to the guest room door nude. "Peter, we need to talk." She called through the closed door.
"My thought exactly." Peter said as he opened the door, surprised to see his wife nude as, the day she was born and oh so beautiful.
Janice started to say. "I'm so-"but Peter put his finger to her lips lovingly took her hand and escorted her to the bed. He gently laid her on the bed on her back with her legs on the floor, knelt in front of the prone woman spread her legs and worshipped her pussy with a tongue bath. He used his tongue as a mini pecker to pump in and out of her box, one finger of his hand rubbed her clit and the other fingered her brown star.
"OH, MY GAD I'M GOOOIIIIIGGGGG TTTTOOO CCCCCUUUUUMMMMM" Janice blasted off to a glorious orgasm.
Peter lay back on his knees; he looked at his wife spread out before him. Her pussy engorged by her resent orgasm, her orgasmic liquid dripped out of her box, and a wonderful smile on her face. "I love to see my wife in her after orgasmic bliss. She looks so beautiful; her scent is heavenly. Henri will envy me when he sees my wife in all her naked glory. The best part he will pay a king's ransom to see her naked body." He thought with a smile.
Janice came down from her 'high'. "Peter come up here we're not finished yet. I want you in me. Show me you love me. I need to feel your seed in me. In fact, we need to do it again just before we meet Henri. I want him to see I'm taken when he wants me to spread my legs."
"She inferred that she would spread her legs for Henri." Peter thought with intrigue.
Peter positioned himself between her legs, Janice guided his pecker in her honey pot, and they went to town, but it was short lived Peter was so excited that he blew his load within two minutes of the start of the horizontal mambo. "I'm glad Janice got off first!" He thought as he unloaded his cum in her box.
"I'm so sorry about last night. It's not your fault we're in this situation." Janice said while the couple were still connected, she could feel the shrinkage begin. Fallout was inevitable!
"I know it's not my fault you're just to damn beautiful for your own good. I'm lucky to have such a beautiful wife who is worried about being unfaithful to me. I love you for that my dear." Peter gave praise before he kissed his wife passionately.
The couple got up and went to the master suite to shower together. Janice didn't bother to clean her box she wanted Henri to know she had sex, this morning. She hopes she could get another deposit before she has to strip for the pervert. The couple dried each other's backs. Peter dressed in casual clothes, slacks, shirt, and shoes. Janice didn't bother with undergarments, she dressed in a button front dress and shoes with three-inch heels.
"Time to go." Janice said with a shiver.
"We'll go to Little Georges for breakfast. What do you think."
"Sounds good." Janice said as they walked to their SUV.
Peter opened the door and Janice spread her legs. "After today you and my doctor will not be the only ones to see my pussy." She sadly said.
"Janice you're beautiful, why not let the world see your beauty. Think of it in this way. I'm proud of you and will still love you after today."
"Thank you, my love." Janice said with tears in her eyes.
Janice leaned against the door and diddled her pussy on the way to Springfield for her husband's benefit. "After today I won't have any modesty left anyway so what's the difference if someone sees my pussy." Janice lamented in thought.
Peter could see his wife had a hard time with what would transpire, and he couldn't do anything about it. "I feel so helpless. I'm supposed to protect my wife, but I have to let her expose her body to this creepy billionaire!" He thought sadly.
They arrived at Little Georges just after ten in the morning, it was crowded, they had a twenty-minute wait for a table. Janice became agitated again.
"Do you think he'll want me to be examined by our sons." Janice bent over by her husband's ear and whispered with tears in her eyes.
"I really don't know what he will require you to do. He has us over a barrel, either we play his game, or we will become obsolete in our companies." Peter whispered back.
"You mean I have to play his game. You will be a spectator!" She whispered back in a panic, as Janice lashed out at her husband. "I don't know if I'll be able to do what's needed Peter."
"Janice, calm down it will be alright and maybe you'll have fun in the process. I'll be with you, so he won't do anything to you my dear but look at your naked form." Peter answered as he put his arm around his distraught wife.
They were seated and ordered their meal. The couple ate in silence, Peter paid, and they were on there way to Henri's studio in Springfield. It was a twenty-minute melancholy drive to the mini mall in the center of Springfield by the MGM Casino.
Janice perked up. "Go to the top floor of the parking deck and park."
Confused, Peter did what was asked. "Why are we up here do you want to walk to the mini mall?"
They were the only ones up on the top deck!
"No Peter, push your seat back and get out your pecker, I want to get laid again before we go to the meeting." Janice explained as she unbuttoned her dress, climbed on board his hardon.
"Modeling has brought out the erotic in you my dear." Peter moaned as his wife did all the work.
"I want Henri to know I'm your woman and he can only look at me." Janice moaned as she bounced on her husband's man meat.
"I'm going to cummmm Janice!" Peter moaned.
"Wait for me I'm almostttt therrrreee!" She exclaimed in an urgent voice. "AAAAAHHHHHH IIIII'MMMM CCCCCUUUUMMMIIIINNNGGG!" Janice collapsed on her husband.
"I'm there alsoooooooooooo!" Peter moaned.
After the couple recovered from their afternoon delight. Peter pulled his pants up and Janice retrieved the towel she brought with her to lay on the seat. She pulled her dress up in back, so she sat on the towel and buttoned her dress up to below her waist. They headed to the mini mall next to the Casino.
While the couple drive to the mini mall I think it is about time to tell you a little more about Henri Towns. He was the great grandson of an oil mogul, who built a fortune in the oil industry. Henri played the stock market and won big. He enjoyed visual art. He had a perverse compulsion to get Mature, shy, successful, women naked, and spread for his camera, while their husbands' watched. Henri was Five foot six, one hundred and seventy pounds with light complexion, a trimmed beard and mustache, with black/gray hair. He was fifty-one years old and always got what he wanted!
The couple parked next to 'suite One-Ten' the number they were given. "Well here goes nothing!" Janice said with resolve as Peter opened the door for his wife. She didn't try to get out of the vehicle modestly she gave her husband a pussy show and anyone else who was in the vicinity when she exited the SUV. "My modesty will be forever lost." Janice thought with sadness, as she grabbed the hand of her husband.
He could see she was in turmoil, and he felt helpless. They entered a marvelously furnished reception area with Monica at the front desk. "Right on time Janice. How are both of you doing today?"
"How do you think I'm doing today?" Janice snapped.
"I know Jan, you're very nervous just like I was when I auditioned for Henri. Believe me it will be fun! I have some paperwork for you to sign and your husband also, that you're here of your own free will and I will notarize each document." Monica explained with empathy.
The couple signed the documents and returned them to Monica. They watched as she notarized them.
As if on cue Henri came into the reception area with another man who was six feet tall and in a suit. "Hi Mr. and Mrs. West, glad to see you could make it. This is my lawyer, Ron Jacobs." Henri introduced the man with a smile of victory aimed at Janice.
The couple shook his hand and said. "Nice to meet you." With fake smiles and trepidation.
"We will go to my office and continue the meeting. Monica, could you come with us. Lock the front door." Henri directed.
A little about Monica. She was a redhead with very light skin and green eyes. She was five foot five tall, with a figure thirty-six, twenty-six, thirty-eight. Henri liked her to keep her bush trimmed, with her pussy lips hairless so he doesn't get a hairball when he licked her slit. They live together. She was thirty-six years old.
The four went to Henri's spacious office where there were three other men. Jerome a black man who was the lighting and prop man. Stan who was the photographer. Last but not least Ben who was the make-up artist and gay. They were all introduced to the couple.
"Why are all these people here for my audition?" Janice snapped with concern.
Peter turned red with embarrassment because of his wife's attitude, but Henri said. "Because it's your audition and I want to take photos of you all made up. Furthermore Mrs. West you need to leave your attitude at the front door, or I will cancel this audition understood. I'm paying a lot of money for the audition! Furthermore, you will gain financially by modeling for me, and your husband will also gain from your modeling, as I will. See it is a win, win, win scenario." Henri snapped back at the mature woman.
"Henri, Janice is just nervous she doesn't mean anything by it." Monica interjected to calm the situation.
"I'm sorry Henri this will be very difficult for me to do. I'm very shy!" Janice admitted.
"Okay I understand, Janice. It'll be fun, you'll see. First, we have some paperwork you have to sign. I will turn it over to Ron."
"Mr. and Mrs. West these are contracts. Mr. West to be Henri's accountant and Mrs. West to be Henri's investment manager. Initial each page and sign the last page Monica will notarize them." There were fifty pages for each of the documents. The lawyer kept up a monolog as the couple tried to read each page.
"There is a lot to read here." Peter stated confused.
"In essence, each of your organizations have a one-year renewable contract. The rest of the document is just boilerplate."
So, the naive couple just skimmed it over, signed it and gave it to Monica.
"Janice, I have a document you need to sign for the money. You will receive the amount of ten-thousand-dollars for the audition and the same amount daily every time you're called upon by Henri to model for him.
"What do you mean when I'm called upon by Henri to do what? I thought that if I auditioned it will be over, that was my understanding." Jan directed the question to the lawyer, to see if she could be done with this after today.
"Jan you're right that was my first offer but, I told you the reason I want you to be at my disposal on the phone. I don't want to have to have this conversation with you every time you're called upon. Ron, forget the contracts I will use one of the other women that auditioned already I don't need this. This meeting is over!" Henri said in anger as he started to leave the room.
Janice knew she pushed too hard. "Wait a minute Henri, Okay I will sign the paper and not be so reluctant to model for you. I just don't want the people in our town to think I'm a slut for modeling for you." She explained with a sense of defeat.
"Janice is that what your problem is? I can fix that. Monica, I want you to send out a press release, that Pittsfield is getting a two hundred thousand dollar grant from 'The Henri Towns foundation' secured by Janice West. What do you think Janice will your community think you're a slut after that release is posted!"
"I hope not but you never know! Your generosity would be great for our community." Jan answered with relief. This gave her another reason to model for Henri.
"Okay, now show me you're satisfied with our arrangement, sign the document, and remove your dress without any further discussion." Henri explained with a stern, but compassionate look at Janice, to show he understood how much courage it will take for the older woman to show her naked body to the group.
Numbly Janice signed the document. Peter moved forward to help his wife out of her garment. Finally, Henri had his first full-frontal glimpse of Janice West. The group stood in awe of the beautiful sixty-one-year-old naked woman in front of them.
Jan stood, her arms at her side, face red with a red hue down to her light brown pubic hair. She had her head downcast in embarrassment, while everyone admired her beauty. She stood full frontal to the group with her legs slightly spread for balance. The naked woman's lower lips red and engorged with her recent sexual act visible on her labia and a slick sheen visible on her thighs. Her nipples erect with excitement. If the description that preceded wasn't enough evidence of her recent sexual act, the scent she emitted when in close proximity to the naked woman was a positive give away.
Henri spoke with reverence for his team. "I knew you would make a beautiful model Jan. You will be an inspiration to all older women to be more confident with their naked form. Your naked form will be worshipped by the people who see your image."
Everyone agreed with Henri's statement, shown by their applause. Monica saw that Jan was embarrassed, so she removed her dress, her only garment, to stand in solidarity with Janice.
"Janice hold your head up high there's no need to be embarrassed you're a beautiful work of art!" Monica whispered to the embarrassed older woman as she praised her beauty.
"Janice, you look beautiful, I'm proud of you." Peter acknowledged in reverence.
This brought a smile to the naked women's face for the first time throughout this ordeal. Janice held her head up and looked each of her observers in the eye to see if they were truthful with their assessment of her beauty. She could see the reverence in their eyes as they took in her naked form.
To Henri's relief he could see a little of the stress leave his newest erotic figure model's body. "I will be able to mold her into a beautiful work of art. She will be naked and spread for the world to see." He thought with excitement. He continued. "Monica, take Janice to make-up, Ben, go do your magic to have Janice light up the photos. Janice, Ben will have to touch you intimately to do a complete makeup job on you but don't worry. He likes men, he has no interest in a naked woman it's just a job to him to do your makeup." He explained with a smile.
"I want Peter to come with me." Janice said to let her husband know she wanted him by her side throughout this misadventure.
Janice and Peter followed Monica and Ben to an alcove out of sight of the office. It had a makeup chair that looked like a barber's chair. A lighted mirror in front of it with a bench and another regular chair to sit on. A massage' couch was to the side. "Have a seat my love." Ben directed Janice to the barber chair, in an effeminate voice.
The nervous nude woman sat in the chair. Ben preceded to do her hair. "My dear you have lovely light brown hair it looks good the way you have it just off your shoulders." He gushed as he styled it. With that done he put makeup on her face continued down her body to her breast. "My dear I will have to put makeup on your breasts and nipples to bring them out for the camera. Okay?" He explained to Janice as he looked at Peter to see if there was a problem.
Up to this point it was a regular beauty treatment Ben only touch areas that were not personal but now it got personal. Peter watched with erotic pleasure that he will see another man touch his wife intimately.
By this time Janice liked the way Ben touched her body and became excited. "Yes, Ben, do what you need to, so I can get this over with." She explained for her husband's benefit.
Ben rubbed the makeup into her breast and put a reddish makeup on her areola and nipple. When he completed that task, her nipples were erect. He explained with some hesitation. "I will need to put makeup on your legs and vaginal area. The chair footrests part so I can get between them to do your legs and vaginal area." Ben explained as if it was a common occurrence to tell a nude woman he will put makeup on her most intimate area.
Janice turned red but gave her approval. Ben pulled a lever and the chair laid back some. Pushed a button and the footrests spread, this gave Ben complete access to the woman's body from the waist down. Ben started to apply the makeup at her feet and did her legs all the way to her waist. He did the inside of her thighs all the way up to rest the back of his hand on her pussy lips. "My dear it looks like you have been naughty today. I can see that you had sex." Ben observed as he could see the remnants of the sex act as it escaped her pussy. Your thighs are slick I will need to wipe them and your vagina to properly put the makeup on the area." He took a cloth and wiped the woman's vagina as Peter and Monica watched.
Peter was in another world. "I never thought I would watch as another man touched my wife so intimately. I hope this will be one of many times that I can watch this interaction between my wife and another man." He thought embarrassed as he popped a boner.
His wife noticed that her husband was turned on by her nudity by the lump in his shorts. "The son-of-a-bitch is turned on by my exposure. I didn't realize he was like this. We'll need to have a conversation, because I kind of like the pampering I get from Ben." She thought.
Ben finished both legs. "All that's left to do is your vagina Janice, will that be alright with you?"
"Yes, keep going." Janice said as she looked at her husband for approval. He gave her with a nod and a smile.
Ben took the same color makeup he used on the woman's nipples and applied it to her pussy lips. "We are going to leave your pubic hair as it is. Henri likes women that don't shave completely." He explained to the group.
Peter watched in fascination as Ben took one of Janice's lady lips at a time to put the makeup on. While Ben put the makeup on Janice's pussy, he bumped her clip a few times this caused it to come out of its hidden place. Ben put makeup on her clit also.
"Oh my, if he does that a few more times it's going to make me cum." Janice though as she moaned.
"We are almost done you need to stand up now and let the makeup dry for a few minutes before we finish." Ben said as he walked away in the other direction from where they came.
"That wasn't so bad so far was it, Janice?" Monica asked.
"No, it's just the embarrassment of a stranger touching me so intimately." Janice answered.
"Treat it like a doctors' visit, you don't like it, but you need to do it." Monica smiled as she looked at Peter. "I know you're having fun I can tell by the fullness in your pants." Both nude women giggled.
They conversed for a while, Janice was surprised how comfortable she had become nude, as were Peter and Monica.
Ben came back and directed Janice. "Go to the massage table and lay on your stomach."
Janice laid on the table as directed by Ben and he proceeded to apply the makeup to her back, buttocks, and the back of her legs. "I'm going to spread your legs and check your rectal area." He said as he opened the nude women's legs as far as the table allowed to view her brown star.
"I'm totally exposed again I can feel the cool air on my pussy, I wonder what I look like." Janice thought.
Ben brought the nude woman back to the present. "I'm going to beach your rectum Janice it may tingle a little bit, but it won't harm you." He explained as he put the paste on her back door.
"AAAHHH you're right it does tingle, almost burns." She exclaimed.
Ben left the paste on her brown star for fifteen minutes and it was Lillie white when he removed the paste. He took care that the paste didn't enter her pussy. "There all done my dear."
Janice dismounted the couch, looked in the full-length mirror on the wall with amazement. "Who is the woman looking back at me" She giggled as she went over and gave Ben a hug and then became embarrassed as she looked at Ben's red face. "Sorry I shouldn't have done that." She said with an embarrassed smile.
"You look beautiful Janice." Monica said and gave the nude woman a full body hug.
"That felt good." Janice thought with surprise when she felt the younger naked woman breast to breast with her.
"Wow, I wouldn't ever thought I would see my naked wife hug another naked woman." Peter thought with a smile. "How're you doing so far Janice, is it as bad as you thought it would be?" Her husband asked.
"No, it's kind of nice to be the center of attention, everyone has treated me with the upmost respect so far." Janice noted while she took her husband's arm and whispered in his ear. "Let's go out and get this over with, I'm horny. I need to get hosed down!"
The couple walked out the opposite door from the way they went into the makeup area arm-in-arm into the studio. To Henri's relief he noted that his newest model was more comfortable in her nudity. "You look marvelous, you sure you're still Janice West or did you switch with a goddess in the makeup area? Because you look heavenlyyyy!" Henri gushed as he took the nude woman's hand and kissed it.
While Janice 'was in' makeup the crew was in the studio to set up a living room set. It consisted of a couch, two chairs, a big screen TV, coffee table, and end tables. There was a window that looked out onto a city street. You could see the cars drive slowly by.
"Let's get started, Peter sit, on the couch, Jan, sit on your husband's lap." Henri directed as he knew that it would take time for the model to become comfortable in front of the camera.
Stan took many photos while Peter sat on the couch and Henri directed. "Janice, put 'your arm' around your husband's neck, and turn to me."
Flash, flash.
"Jan, turn and put one foot up on the couch with your arm around your husband's neck."
Flash, flash. This shot was the first where Jan's engorged red moist pussy was exposed to the camera.
"Jerome, get a tray with coffee cups. Jan 'stand up' with your back to the camera and bend over to give your husband a cup."
Flash, flash, flash, this was the first time the camera caught the naked woman's Lillie white star.
"Janice, go to the window put your hands on the sill and spread your legs." Henri said to see if he would get any resistance when she saw the cars pass by slowly.
She did as Henri asked, without any thought that she would be seen by the passersby.
And so, it went in tiny steps before a break was called after Janice was accustomed to her exposure but before the photo shoot started in earnest.
"Let's take a break and we will go over the photos that have been taken so far. Monica, can you get some refreshments for everyone." Henri received a phone call. "Hello, yes great will be there in a minute. Stan, unlock the front door. We have some guests who would like to see the photo shoot. Lock it again after they enter."
Janice tensed up. "Henri, who is coming to watch!"
"It's all good my dear you will see." Henri said as he put all the photos up on the big screen TV to scroll through. "Jan, notice as we took more photos of you, your confidence built, and you became exposed but in an innocent way.
Janice and Peter concentrated on the images on the big screen TV. They could see what Henri talked about, as the new arrivals walked into the room to rear of them. The couple were focused on the photos and didn't immediately note the new arrivals' presence.
Janice, I have to admit the photos of you are very beautiful and although you're totally exposed in some of shots they are innocently done." Her husband admitted.
"I hate to admit it, but they are beautiful, it must be Ben's magic touch that created the illusion." Janice giggled.
From in back of Janice. "I think it's the model that takes a beautiful photo. I always knew you were a beautiful woman, and the photos prove it, Janice."
"Oh Gad, Carl what are you doing here." Jan squeaked as she tried to cover her nakedness. She stood in front of her husband to shield her nakedness from the newcomers. "Oh, my I won't be able to show my face in Pittsfield anymore! Peter, everyone will think I'm like the plague and won't want us around anymore. We will have to move out of town." Jan cried when she looked over to see her husband's boss in the room also.
"Yes Carl Jan is a lovely woman, Peter you're lucky to be married to a beautiful woman who is also smart." Bill added in his two cents.
"Yah, that's why she married me because she's a smart lady." Peter giggled.
It was Janice who said. "Henri, don't you think you should introduce the other naked lady to our bosses along with your crew?" To divert the attention from her to the others in the room.
"Oh, sorry yes you're right Jan how rude of me." He proceeded to introduce all the players to Bill and Carl. They spent about a half hour reviewing the photos to this point and picked out the best to put in a folder for later use.
Janice was curious. "Why are Carl and Bill here Henri?"
"So, we can get the documents signed that way I keep my end of the bargain we made my dear." Henri explained.
Janice felt better about what she had to do to secure the deals that were made.
When Henri was positive that Janice was comfortable with the new voyeurs. "Janice it's time to finish up. What do you think?"
"I guess so." She answered, she had a good time to this point, as Henri gestured for her to go to the couch.
The photographer, Stan manned the camera, Jerome the lights and Henri directed Jan into poses. "Jan put a pillow in the corner of the couch with your back on it, legs on the couch together."
Stan walked around the woman and took photos from all sides.
"Drop your leg down off the couch, bring your other leg up." Directed Henri.
Jan could feel the cool air on her pussy and looked at all the men in attendance they could see her most intimate area.
For the next half hour all the poses Janice took showed either her pussy and breasts, her Lillie white star and pussy, with the final photo Henri had Jan on the couch, legs on the coffee table, spread in the GYN exam position as she innocently opens her pussy to show pink. He actually went to her and showed her how to place her fingers to give the optics of innocence.
"Okay we're done, thank you Janice you make a beautiful model. This was a great audition; we will put the photos on screen to see how they came out. You can get dressed if you like." Henri said to see what Janice would do.
"Monica, are you going to get dressed?"
"Only if you are Jan?"
"Should we take a vote Monica?" Janice giggled.
"Yah we probably should most likely they'll want us do get dressed. Who wants us to get dressed? Raise your hand." Monica asked.
The room was silent, and no one raised their hand.
"Well then I guess we will have to stay nude for the photo review." Janice said in mock defeat.
The group critiqued each of the photos. All were very good, Janice was totally exposed in all her pussy invitingly wet, and engorged so they had a hard time picking the ones to put in the folder for future use.
"My wife is so beautiful I'm proud she had the courage to model and let the world see her beauty." He thought as he looked that the photos that had his wife totally exposed with her pussy on show some that you could see pink. Peter loved all the photos.
"I'm smitten by the photos of Jan. She is so beautiful, and she works for me. I hope I get to see her naked again. I wonder if I asked her to strip if she would?" Carl thought as he looked at her photos.
"Peter is a lucky man to be married to Janice, she is beautiful. I wonder if I ask him if he will let me see her naked again." Bill thought as he looked at the photos.
Henri's crew have seen many nude women, but they agreed that Janice West was one of the few women that was a natural beauty and doesn't know it.
"Janice is one of the most beautiful women Henri has found. He was right about her beauty when he first laid eyes on her." Monica thought.
The film crew left after they finished the critique of the photos. "Monica, get the envelope for Janice. Carl and Bill, we need to get the documents signed and notarized." Henri directed everyone who was still there into his office.
Bill and Carl told their employees to stay. Monica and Janice were still nude. Monica came back with the envelope which Jan took, she counted one hundred, One-hundred-dollar bills and gave the envelope to her husband.
The Lawyer brought out the one-year contracts and explained they could be extended if all parties agree after a year.
"I don't know about you Carl, but this is a first for me to have two lovely naked ladies at a contract signing" Bill laughed.
Ron explained each of the contracts and that they were contingent on Janice keeping her contract with Henri.
Monica went and retrieved Jan's dress and hers brought them to the office. Monica and Jan were horny. Jan didn't listen to what was said she just wanted to leave so she could get laid. "I've never been this horny before. I must be a closet exhibitionist! I was totally exposed to all the men and not disgusted with myself." Jan thought.
Finally, the meeting ended. "Jan that was a great audition, I will be in contact with you." Henri said.
"I'll see you in the office Janice." Carl said.
Janice donned her dress buttoned a few buttons said. "Yah, fine!" Janice grabbed her husband's hand and headed out of the door. She needs to get laid!
All rights reserved, do not post to reading list, copy, reuse, distribute, or publish this work anywhere else. Copyright 2022 to 2032, Tonyma70 at Literotica