Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 5
"Welcome, everyone, to Strip-Off! I'm your host, Arrow Ace, and I'm up here on the catwalk this time because the entire stage is being used for this particular game: Pussyball!"
The audience cheered as spotlights shone down on the stage- unlike the other games, where most of the stage was empty, this time the entire stage was covered in a blue-colored mat, with lines and markings on it to split the playing field in half. There were no goals on the field, however. All in all, the entire field was about half the size of a basketball court. The four contestants were standing at the center, waving at the audience, or (in the case of Isabelle and Pup) covering up their breasts.
The teams popped up on screen: Maya and Isabelle vs. Lilith and Pup.
Isabelle grinned. "Sports, we can do. Right, Maya?"
Maya laughed. "HELL yeah, I'm paired with the buff girl! Between the two of us, handling your nerdy girlfriend and the lil' Pup on the other team should be a BREEZE!
Lilith smiled. "Don't get TOO cocky. It's a sex show, after all."
Arrow nodded. "Exactly right, Lilith- I see you're still as sharp as you were on the first season. Oh, speaking of being cocky... here's the ball. I'll just toss it down there to you ladies."
Arrow tossed down a strange double-sided dildo, with a bumpy surface and a soft, rubbery texture. The ends of the dildo were flattened- and the dildo landed facing straight up, rather than on its side.
"Here is how the game works- each team has a goalie, who must stand in the semicircle on their half of the field at all times. The other player is the attacker. The attacker must score points by picking up the ball with their pussy, running to the opposing team's goalie, and fucking them. If the enemy goalie orgasms, it is one point for the attacking team, and the ball is returned to the center for another round. You can only touch the ball with your pussy- you pick it up by squatting down and clamping down on it. Don't worry, we designed the ball so that it always stands up."
Pup tested this by knocking the "ball" over onto its side- it immediately bounced back up, facing straight up. She giggled. "It's like a horny teenage boy's cock- it gets up so easily!"
Arrow laughed. "Yes, yes. Anyways, there are a few more rules. Firstly, you can steal the ball by using your pussy to pull it out of the opposing person's pussy. A team's attacker is allowed in the opposing team's goal zone, but not their own goal zone. Thus, if someone is trying to score a point on your goalie, the attacker cannot help the goalie out- it is entirely up to the goalie to steal the ball from the attacker. If a goalie DOES steal the ball from an attacker, then they have successfully defended- the ball is returned to the center as if someone just scored- but no point is scored."
Isabelle blushed. "We're... playing football... with our...?"
Lilith scratched her head. "Interesting. It would be easier to carry the ball if we didn't have our suit bottoms... with them on, we'd have to push the dildo through our suit bottoms and into our holes, and that means that the suit would attempt to push the dildo out to try to return to its original shape..."
Arrow nodded. "Yep. No worries, though, the suits are very flexible, and they will stretch enough to be able to contort around a dildo being pushed into your pussy. Oh, right, one last thing!"
Arrow clicked a button on their remote, and the dildo started vibrating.
"The ball vibrates! Oh, by the way, you have to wear nipple clamps for this game. Just because it's fun."
Arrow pointed to the nipple clamps lying neatly in a row on the ground. The girls picked them up and put them on. They were metal clamps, connected to vibrating weights via chains. All of the girls winced a bit at the sudden stimulation.
Lilith turned to Pup. "You be the goalie- I'm probably better suited for attacking than you."
Pup giggled. "Hee hee, I'm looking forward to having one of you ladies score some points in my goal!"
Maya shrugged. "I'll be the goalie. Isabelle, you're more fit than I am, so you're probably better at covering the field than me."
Isabelle nodded, then blushed as her slight body movement caused her nipple weights to swing, making her exposed nipples sore with pleasure.
Arrow clapped their hands. "Okay then! With teams set, all that's left to do is begin to play! Thirty minutes are on the clock. Contestants, take your positions!"
Isabelle and Lilith took their positions at the center line, staring each other down and blushing a bit at their embarrassingly aroused state. Pup twiddled her thumbs, trying not to shift around in her goal, while Maya was crouching, preparing in case Lilith tried to score on her.
Arrow raised up their novelty dildo and shouted: "Ready! Set! Go!" White fluid splattered down all over the stage, beginning the match.
Isabelle and Lilith immediately began fighting over the dildo in the center. Isabelle grunted, easily pushing Lilith away from the dildo, and quickly squatted to get it in her pussy. However, she squatted very quickly, and she gasped at the sudden insertion combined with the sudden pull on her tits as the weights on her nipples fell. The vibrating dildo in her pussy and the stimulation on her nipples, as well as her crouching position in front of the crowd, made her wet with pleasure, and she could feel the dildo begin to slip out when she tried to stand up.
Lilith pounced on her, and in her weakened state, Isabelle was pushed onto the ground. Lilith kissed her fiercely as she shoved the other end of the dildo into her own pussy, clamping it tightly and trying to pull it out. "Come on... let go... it'll be a lot easier on you if you let go..."
Isabelle shook her head, gasping as Lilith tugged on her nipple clamps and started pistoning her body. She was getting more wet- it was getting harder and harder to clamp onto the toy without it slipping out. Out of desperation, Isabelle grabbed Lilith's butt and spanked it. Lilith gasped in pleasure, and was so surprised that she flinched and unclenched her pussy muscles. Moving quickly, Isabelle shoved her off, mumbling an apology to her dazed girlfriend. She waddled over to Pup's side of the field quickly, and quickly got into the goalie zone just before Lilith recovered and got up.
Pup smiled. "Ooh, are you gonna make me cum? You look soooo cute with your nipple clamps, your dripping wet pussy with a cock shoved into it... Oh, your face looks so embarrassed, how cuuuute!"
It wasn't even a contest- Isabelle had spent most of her energy concentrating on her pussy and trying to get to the other side of the field. Being insulted and humiliated by Pup made her cum instantly. She moaned as she spasmed, causing the dildo to slip out onto the floor. Pup quickly squatted down to pick it up, causing her to gasp and pant.
Pup was shaking and panting from the vibrator. "Uhm... mmm... I stole it... can I return it to the center now...?"
Arrow nodded. "Kickoff! Pup, waddle over to the center, drop the dildo, and go back. No pulling it out with your hands!"
Pup smiled and jogged over to the center. Each step made her breasts bounce up and down, making the weights pull on her sensitive nips, and the dildo still vibrated inside of her. She moaned and gasped loudly, letting out all of her sexual desire in an attempt to not cum. She made it, and she shook her hips a bit to get the dildo loose from her pussy before returning to her goal.
Arrow gave the signal to begin again, and Isabelle once again took possession of the dildo- she was now a bit more used to the sensation, but was still a bit winded from her last orgasm. Lilith once again was able to get on top of her, and being less worn out than Isabelle, was able to put up more of a fight this time. They moaned together as they rolled around the center of the field, their legs entangled and their pussies sharing a single double-sided dildo.
After a few minutes of that, Isabelle managed to get Lilith to cum. She pushed Lilith off of her and started moving towards the goal. Lilith was sprawled out on the ground, exhausted, but she had enough energy to call out- "Hey, Isabelle, everyone can see your wet pussy, you know?"
Isabelle instinctively put her hands over her crotch, accidentally touching the dildo in the process.
Arrow shouted out: "HANDBALL! Team Isabelle and Maya get a penalty! Isabelle, bring the dildo back to your goal. The penalty is, your goalkeeper gets handcuffed, and her legs are forcibly spread by a spreader bar for one minute. Lilith gets to fuck her freely to try and score points for that entire minute.
Lilith smiled, quickly getting the required toys from the "sports equipment" box that was on the side of the stage. She handcuffed Maya, and spread her legs, whispering: "Hey, you've never been fuccked by a girl before, have you...?"
Maya blushed, nodding. "Please be gentle..."
Lilith turned to Isabelle. "Isabelle, are you SURE you're fine watching me-"
Isabelle walked over with the dildo in her pussy and set it down in front of Maya, who looked at it nervously. Isabelle smiled. "Uhm... I don't mind... I told you already, I sort of... like watching you fuck other girls..."
Lilith kissed her on the cheek. "Hee hee, you beta pervert, getting off to your mistress fucking another girl..."
Maya rolled her eyes. "Fuck me, this is just too much to watch."
Lilith grinned evilly. "Oh, I will. Fuck you, that is."
She squatted to pick up the dildo, then wrapped her arms around Maya, and slammed the cock into her, making her gasp and moan. The vibrations rocked her to her core, and the bumps on the dildo rubbed her G-spot as Lilith thrust her hips into her. Their nipple weights got tangled up, exciting their nipples, and Lilith repeatedly bit and nibbled at Maya's neck and shoulders.
Maya began to beg. "Ahhh, ahh, please, no more, I can't take it, I wanna cum so bad..."
Lilith whispered. "You know, since we're both women, I know exactly where to touch you to make you feel good. For example..." She reached down and gently brushed Maya's clit with her finger.
Maya gasped. "I-I... I'm cumming...! I'm cumming from being fucked by a girl...! AAAaaahn...!"
Lilith moaned. "I... I'm gonna cum too...! Fucking a girl in front of my girlfriend... I feel really naughty... AAaaaaHh!"
Arrow clicked their remote. On the screen above the stage, it said: "Maya/Isabelle: 0, Lilith/Pup: 1". They smiled. "Alright, your minute is up, Lilith. Time for kickoff again!"
Lilith unlocked Maya's handcuffs and spreader bar, pulled the dildo out of Maya's pussy, and walked back to the center, her small breasts being tugged on and stimulated through her suit top the whole way, the dildo still in her dripping wet pussy. She shook her hips to release the dildo.
Isabelle walked up to the center line, and prepared herself.
Arrow signaled them to begin again. Lilith and Isabelle wrestled again for a bit, but Isabelle suddenly realized that she was running out of time. She then remembered something Lilith had said during the Truth or Dare episode. Lilith was groping Isabelle's breasts, trying to get her to give in, when Isabelle suddenly shoved Lilith to the ground, stepping on her stomach lightly with her foot. Her fall was cushioned by the mat, but it knocked some wind out of her, and she looked up to see Isabelle grinning at her.
"Stay, kitty."
Lilith was shocked- her pussy muscles relaxed as she squirmed around beneath Isabelle's foot, moaning and begging Isabelle to let her go.
Isabelle moved her foot to Lilith's crotch, and kneaded it with her foot. "Cum, kitty."
Lilith moaned. She really didn't want to cum from her girlfriend's foot of all things- it would be so humiliating... but she was getting turned on by the sudden role reversal, and soon she was screaming and thrashing her hips, trying to escape the building pleasure in her nether regions.
"I'm... I'm cumming... Isa...!"
Lilith let out one last moan as she came. She was panting afterwards, lying on her back, exhausted and shocked.
Isabelle quickly squatted to get the dildo in her pussy, and ran over to Pup, who was masturbating to the game in her goal zone. Isabelle was completely used to the vibrating dildo in her pussy now, and Pup did not expect that Isabelle would be able to actually get past Lilith.
Pup was a bit intimidated by Isabelle's aggressiveness. She laughed nervously. "Um... parley...?"
Isabelle got into the circle, and grabbed Pup, pushing her to the ground and getting on top of her with a mischievous grin. "I thought you said you wanted me to score inside of your goal!"
Pup screamed as Isabelle pushed the dildo into her. She tried to pull the dildo out by thrashing her hips, but Isabelle had her in a leg-lock, and Pup was unable to move. Their naked tits rubbed together erotically as Isabelle grabbed Pup's wrists and fucked her.
Arrow started to count down as the clock hit ten seconds. "TEN! NINE! EIGHT! SEVEN!"
Pup whimpered. She was getting closer....
"SIX! FIVE! FOUR!"
The crowd was chanting with Arrow at this point. Isabelle was kissing Pup's neck, groping and slapping her butt as Pup shouted and squirmed.
"THREE! TWO! ONE!"
Isabelle suddenly leaned and whispered into Pup's ear: "Cum, bitch."
Hearing these profane words coming out of the normally innocent woman's mouth made Isabelle gasp out: "I-I.... C-cumming...!"
Arrow called out: "ZERO! Time's up! The result is a tie, so everyone loses one piece of clothing!"
Arrow clicked the remote four times, and various articles of clothing came off of the contestants.
Maya was still fairly decent, still possessing enough of her suit to serve as a bikini.
Pup and Isabelle were both stark naked now. Isabelle blushed a bit- but Lilith had ordered her to not cover herself, so she put her hands behind her head and endured it. Finally, Lilith lost her top, and her boobs were exposed now.
The audience cheered- most of the girls were indecent now, and the final round would surely end up with someone getting a special punishment.
Isabelle was blushing profusely. "L-lilith... uhm... c-can we not go outside this week? I feel shy..."
Lilith grinned. "What's this? You were feeling soooo bold earlier, when you stepped on me and made me cum... what happened? Huh?" She held up the part of Isabelle's suit that had fallen off. "Are these panties here the thing that made you so bold? Now that you're all shy again, maybe I should return the favor by making you walk around town without them!"
Isabelle covered her face in shame. Pup piped up. "I'll go with you, if it makes ya feel any better! I've always wanted to try exposing myself, hee hee!"
Arrow turned to the camera. "That's all for today's episode of Strip-Off! Next time, the final challenge of Season Two: stay tuned, everyone!"