The Long Weekend
I feel like I have been travelling for ages, flying in today's world isn't a lot of fun. Everything takes forever and everyone looks at you like you're corona patient zero. At least I'm only two flights and one hotel from home. I leave the check in counter and look down at my boarding pass, seat 29B, possibly the worst seat on the plane. One of the other perks of travel at the moment, my frequent flyer status doesn't mean shit.
I get through security and find my gate. No lounges, no shops, no cafes. Just waiting. I get out my phone and there is a message from Justine.Hey babe, we don't have the kids next weekend. Should we go on a mini break? Xxx

What a great idea, I think to myself. I could use a break and some time together with my girl. My mind starts whirring with ideas, so I send her:Sure thing babe. Sounds brilliant, just what we need. Leave it with me, I'll organize everything. xx
Oh Davie, You're the best xxxxxx.She always calls me Davie when she's happy with me.
I spend the rest of the time I'm waiting at the gate thinking about what we might do on this mini break. I spend most of the 4 hours I'm wedged between two strangers on the plane staring at the ceiling and thinking about what we might do. I spend most of the hour it takes to get through the wall of masked federal police armed with my border crossing documents thinking about what we do. I can't even remember what city I'm in, but I somehow find my way to my crummy airport hotel and get to my room.
I take off my shoes, crack a minibar Heineken and set to work on my laptop planning the mini break. I have just finished booking the convertible when I get a text message. I open the message from Justine.Hi Lover, I hope you're comfortable in your hotel and are ready for me to jump on you tomorrow. I thought I'd show you one of the outfits I'm going to wear on our break xx.

Along with her message, she has sent me a mirror selfie. She is wearing a pair of patent leather stilettos and a black fishnet teddy that is cut so that both of her boobs spill out, leaving nothing to the imagination.
Justine is gorgeous. Dark brown hair, just the right length and thickness that my hands always feel perfect in it. A face that can't help but display every emotion she's feeling at the time, and eyes that look like tidal rock pools just before a winter storm. Add to that her athletic figure with a perfect waist and round bum that ooze with femininity and gorgeous breasts that could come from a woman 25 years younger and she is a stunning woman. Way too much for an ugly brute like myself, but I'm not telling anyone!
The image of her gorgeous body in that sexy outfit made things stir for me south of the border. As my cock got hard I realized I hadn't masturbated in over a week. My travel and work schedule was so exhausting. I took off my clothes and lay on the bed. My cock was so hard that I could almost feel it pulling my hand towards it. I popped some porn on and started stroking my dick. It felt so good after so long and it didn't take me long to reach the point of orgasm. I ejaculated hard up into the air and then all over my stomach, cock and the bed.
I turned off the porn and took a photo of myself covered in jizz before things started to deflate. I sent it to Justine with a caption that just saidhere is something else you'll be wearing on our break xx.
***********************
On the day of the mini break, I left early to go collect the rental car from the Airport. Justine has always wanted to ride down the coast in a convertible, who am I to disappoint her? I told her to pack for the coast and wine country. Other than that, she had no idea where we were going or what we were doing.
I pulled into our driveway in the hire car and honked the horn. Justine came out of the house in a stunning pastel summer dress, saw the car and her jaw dropped. "Oh my god Davie! I can't believe we have a convertible for the trip!" That was exactly the reaction I was hoping for.
I threw our bags and we were off. I had organized a clifftop villa for us with uninterrupted views of the sea. Even better, it was only ten minutes from some wonderful wineries and great cafes and restaurants. We were going to have a wonderful adult time.
The sun was shining, and the top was down. Justine did not stop beaming the whole way and the views were wonderful. We drove for an hour and ended up at a private lane. The villa appeared around a corner and the sight was breathtaking. A striking glass and steel architectural building with sweeping views of the sea below.
A staff member greeted us and showed us all the features of the villa. We would be very, very comfortable here. As soon as the staff left, we grabbed a bottle of wine and headed for the sunshine on the balcony. As we toasted ourselves we sat in the sun and drank in the view. Justine decided that the sun was too good to waste so took off her dress. It was clear that she had bought some new attire for this trip. She stood in the sun before me in a sexy half cup bra in pale blue that barely contained her nipples, along with a matching pale blue G-string that framed her backside perfectly.
"How nice is this sun. And that view" she said as she swept her arm toward the horizon. "Fabulous view" I replied, the whole time not taking my eyes off her areola that had started peeking over the top of her bra as she sat back down across from me.
Justine ran her hands gently up and down her flanks and almost purred. "Now this is the life Davie. I could get used to this." She ran her hands over her breasts and through her hair. "Mmm, yes. This is where I am meant to be."
She ran her tongue over her lips slowly, stood up and came over to me. Justine bent forward and kissed me deeply and slowly. I ran my hand over her ass and moaned slightly into her lips. I still get surprised by how great her bum feels in my hand. Justine reached down to the left cup of her bra and pulled it down below her boob. She then leaned forward and put her nipple in front of my mouth. This is one of her classic moves, indicating that she wants her nipples to be licked, and I love it.
I take her nipple in my mouth and she moans softly. My hands pull her hips down so that she is straddling my thigh and I then gently squeeze and rub her bum while keeping her nipple in my mouth. After what feels like minutes I take my hands off her ass putting one on her exposed tit and playing with it gently while I continue on the nip with my tongue. My other hand frees her right breast and I use my thumb to lazily tease that nipple. Justine throws her head back, moans and starts rolling her hips on my thigh to stimulate her clit.
Removing her boobs from my captivity, she pulls back slightly and takes off her bra. Justine then slowly unbuttons my shirt. As she undoes the bottom button, her hands float over my shorts and feel the bulge in them. She lets out an appreciative noise as she touches my hard cock through the fabric.
She runs her hands back up my chest and pushes the open shirt off my shoulders. She stops to kiss me on the mouth and then moves down and starts licking my nipple gently. Her hands move down, undo my shorts and quickly pull out my cock. She runs the palm of her hand over the head, which is already wet and sticky with pre-cum, before wrapping her hand around my shaft and slowly masturbating me. During this whole process, her lips don't leave my nipple.
In one motion, Justine stands up and removes my shorts. I'm now naked, sitting in an outdoor chair with a cold glass of wine and facing the shimmering sea. Justine kneels in front of me and takes my cock in her hand. She leans down and slowly runs her tongue around the head. I moan in delicious ecstasy. She then takes my whole length in her mouth and gives me the most wonderful slow sloppy blow job.
After five minutes or so I gently push her off my cock and stand her up. I stand up and kiss her deeply. I can taste my cock on her lips, which is such a turn on. I lean her back against the rail and get down on my knees in front of her. Quickly, I peel off her g-string and admire the sight and smell of her beautifully manicured pubes. I lift her thigh up over my shoulder and she leans further back against the rail. I'm in no mood to tease her, so is immediately start flicking her clit with my tongue. She is so wet and so tasty that I let out a rumbling, deep moan right on her clit.
Justine is in another world, eyes closed and both of her hands occupied playing with her nipples. After no time at all I hear her breathing get shorter and louder and then she is cumming. It is a long, intense orgasm and I can feel her thigh muscles twitching around my shoulders. I keep licking her gently until she can't take it anymore and pushes me away. I stand up and she kisses me hungrily, moaning into my mouth when she tastes her own juice.
Justine taps my chest with her palm and gives me a sly look. Without saying a word she turns away from me and faces the sea. She leans down on the rail which pushes her bum back towards me. She's presenting herself for me to fuck her. I position my cock on her hot wet pussy lips and enter her without delay. We both moan "oh, yes" simultaneously and I start thrusting quickly but tenderly.
It doesn't take long before my rhythm gets faster and my noises more intense. Justine senses that I'm close to the edge and in one motion stands up, turns around and whispers "on my tits." She kneels in front of me and positions her chest right under my cock. She pulls it rapidly, I begin to tense up, and then release as I begin to cum on her tits. As the first spurt hits her chin she gasps, and then again when more spurts hit her boobs.
Justine stands up and kisses me tenderly. We haven't spoken the whole time but we were perfectly in sync. Our sex is often like that and we are so much the luckier for it. I sit down to catch my breath and she sits on my lap. We sit there for ages, milking the last of the warmth of the sun as it sets over the sea. She stays on my lap the whole time and we remain naked, except for the products of sex that we are both still wearing.
***********************
That evening and the next morning are a blur of laughs and relaxation as we just enjoy each other's company without interruption. There was wine, cheese, laughs and the easy intimacy that comes with knowing that the other person knows you so well and loves you unconditionally.
After a morning of coffee in the sun and general laziness we decide to head into town in search of some brunch. The sun is out and the temperature and wind are perfect for top down driving. The café is gorgeous and we have our long brunch in the sunshine spending ages reading papers and making each other laugh. After brunch we browse the trinket and homewares shops that are ubiquitous in towns that cater for the forty-something weekend crowd. People like us.
After we have exhausted the number of shops on the little main street we hop back in the car and head off in the general direction of the wineries. The vines look stunning in the sun and we while away a few hours tasting wines and collecting a few bottles to drink back at the villa.
We decide to take a break at the last winery by sitting in the shade on a grassy hill overlooking the surrounding area. There are a few people around but well spread out and the view is stunning. Justine lies down and rests her head on my lap. I can't remember the last time I felt more relaxed.
I lie down on the grass next to Justine and kiss her softly on the cheek. This prompts her to turn her body towards me and pretty soon we are making out like teenagers. She is running her hands over the front of my shirt and I am running my hand up and down her thigh and bum. I can feel that she has a g-string on again. Justine almost never wears g-strings, she must have bought them especially for this trip!
As we're kissing, I notice a couple around 50 metres away staring at us. It's then that I realize that as I'm rubbing her thigh I am lifting up Justine's skirt and exposing her legs to the couple, all the way to just short of her ass. The couple isn't looking away at all, so I decide to be bold and lift Justine's skirt right up so that they can have a clear view of that spectacular butt.
Justine must realize what I'm doing because she moans softly as I expose her buttocks to the air and slides her hand in between us to feel my cock. It is, unsurprisingly, hard which elicits further soft moans. We engage in this heavy petting for a few more minutes before Justine pulls away slightly and says to me "let's go for a drive down the coast." I nod and softly croak "ok. Give me a minute."
We get up and walk past the couple who are looking at us but trying to look like they aren't looking at us. I look at the guy and give him a very subtle nod, which he very subtly returns. I think they'll be having some pretty hot sex tonight themselves, judging by the look in the girl's eye.
"You get in the car, I'll be there in a minute" says Justine as she scurries off back into the winery. As Justine saunters back to the car, I notice she's holding something in her hand but I can't see what it is. When she gets in the car, she leans over and kisses me deeply. This makes me instantly forget to ask what's in her hand.
We head out of the carpark and pull onto the scenic road toward the coast. The road is quiet and beautiful. As I get the car up to cruising speed, Justine leans down and puts something on the gear shift. It's her g-string! She had taken it off at the winery and that's what she had in her hand. I look down at it and then at her. She gives me a saucy nod of her head in the direction of her undies.
Justine turns towards me, slowly pulls her skirt higher and opens her thighs. She is pointing her pussy directly at me! "Making out like that on the grass was so hot Davie." She is almost purring as she talks and she moves her hands up and down her flanks slowly. "I can tell that you were deliberately showing that couple my ass too! I can't believe how much that turned me on."
Justine is now caressing her own breasts as I drive along the coast. "Keep driving" she says to me as she takes her boobs out over the neck of her top and starts teasing her nipples with her fingers. "Oh my god! I feel so hot, so naughty." She hasn't noticed the couple of cars that have passed while she has been stimulating her own breasts in a moving convertible with the top down.
Pleasure and boldness mount within Justine and she pulls her skirt right up so her pussy is fully exposed. She moves her hand down and teases her pussy lips with her fingers. This doesn't last long before she starts to rub her clit softly with her middle finger. Her face is totally lost in her own pleasure and I can see the concentration on it. She isn't far away from climax.
She is now alternating between vigorously rubbing her clit and stopping to insert two fingers inside herself. Her breathing is getting shallower and she is starting to squirm in the seat. My dick has grown fully hard watching this gorgeous woman masturbating in the sun with her hair blowing in the wind of the moving car.
I had allowed my hand to rest on the gear shift where Justine had deposited her g-string. She pauses her masturbation to take my hand and insert one of my fingers in her, while she continues to rub her clit. "Just leave it there" are her instructions to me. My finger hadn't been in her for more than a few seconds when I feel her muscles contracting around it and she is cumming. It is a long, intense orgasm and she is totally spent afterwards. She sits up in the chair and exhales a very deep and satisfied breath.
After a moment to catch a breath she reaches over and grabs my cock through my pants. "Mmmmm, I want that in my mouth" she says as she teases it slightly with her hand.
We come to an empty lookout on a clifftop overlooking the ocean and decide to pull in. The car park is almost hidden from the road, but not completely. I pull the car up to the edge of the carpark, right in front of the cliff and we stop to admire the wonderful vista. Justine opens her door and motions for me to get out with her, which I do and we go lean on the front of the car together, looking into the horizon.
She turns her attention to me, kissing me and undoing buttons on my shirt so that she can run her hands on my chest. I'm still very turned on from Justine's performance in the car so I'm hard again in no time. It doesn't take her long at all to realize this and she is soon rubbing my cock through my pants.
The atmosphere is getting quickly sexually charged as we kiss on the cliff with her hand on my bulge. Before I can say anything, Justine has gone on to her knees in front of me, taken out my cock from my pants, pushed me back against the bonnet of the car, and started hungrily sucking my dick. The view beyond the cliff, along with warmth of her mouth and the passion with which she is working up and down the shaft is a sensory overload. It remains unspoken between us, but the fact that someone could catch us at any minute is also incredibly arousing.
Justine is working up and down the shaft with her hand and mouth together and I am starting to tense up. We both know I'm not far away from the end. She ups her intensity and I begin to ejaculate in her mouth. She lets out an appreciative moan and clamps her mouth tighter around my cock so that she doesn't spill any cum. She swallows everything I've got and continues to gently suck me until I can't take it anymore and guide her up to kiss me.
It's only then that we notice another car on the other side of the carpark. We look closer and it's the couple from the winery who had been staring at Justine's ass! We smile and wave at them as I put my dick away and Justine wipes her chin, then get back in the car and head for home. On the way back to the villa we are silent and content. Happy to be in each other's company but both privately reflecting on some raw, amazing sex.
***********************
We spend the night in comfortable intimacy, drinking good wine, being in each other's orbit and enjoying the connection between us. We sleep deeply after the day's escapades.
The next morning is lazy and we drink coffee in bed, chat, scroll Instagram and just exist together. The intimacy and sereneness of the moment leads us to start kissing. That kissing starts to lead to some tender exploration of each other's bodies with our hands. As things are starting to heat up Justine pulls back from me and gets a half smile on her face. "You know what? My friend Tracey lives down this way. I should send her a message and see if she wants to get a coffee in town." The naughty look on her face tells me that she is thinking about more than just coffee.
Justine grabs her phone and quickly fires off a text. She puts the phone down and turns back to me and we continue our making out. Thirty seconds later her phone pings and she pulls away from me to get it. She studies the phone carefully, puts it down and turns to me. "It's Tracey. She's in. She'll meet us at the café in an hour." She gives me a look that is part excited and part knowing, "We had better hit the showers my good man. Don't want to keep Tracey waiting."
There is a delicious tension between us getting ready and on the drive into town. We are chatting and laughing, but we both know what we are trying to achieve from the coffee with Tracey. Justine and her have kissed a few times in the past and find each other attractive. Justine and I have also talked on a few occasions about luring Tracey in for a threesome, but have never had any luck making it happen. Today was the best chance we would get!
We got to the café and Tracey was already there, sitting at a table outside. Tracey is a striking woman with blue eyes, pale skin and red hair. She's a larger, curvy type girl with big boobs and a big bum. She dresses like a librarian, but under the surface she is quite the sexual wildcat! "Darlings, how wonderful to see you both. You look radiant" Tracey booms for the whole town to hear. She does not have an inside voice.
We sit down at the table and order coffee with Justine sitting between Tracey and I. As we chat about nothing Justine puts her hand on my thigh in a manner that is much more provocative than it is tender. It was a silent gesture that told me she's got this and will make it happen.
Justine is telling Tracey all about our villa and she's getting very excited about it. She stops halfway through a sentence about the view from the deck and says to Tracey "oh, you just have to come and see it. It's only 5 minutes away." In her excitement to invite her, Justine leans forward and puts her hand on Tracey's thigh. It ends up sliding forward and Justine's hand is on her inner thigh, dangerously close to her pussy. The two girls look at each other and there is a pregnant pause. "OK, sounds lovely" Tracey managed to squeak out.
Back at the villa, Justine is excitedly showing Tracey through the place while I get us all a glass of wine. Tracey is gasping at the beauty of it. The girls are on the deck admiring the view. As I walk through the door I see Justine brush her hand gently along Tracey's upper arm then lean up into her and kiss her. The kiss quickly goes from tender and surprised, to passionate and sexual. Both girls' hands are exploring each other's bodies as they continue their deep kiss. I put the wine on the table and head to a chair to sit down. As I pass the girls Justine grabs my wrist and stops kissing Tracey. In a soft motion Justine moves me toward Tracey and she and I start to kiss. Tracey is a very different kisser to Justine, much more vigorous, but still sensual and erotic.
Tracey and I kiss and I explore her curvy bum with my hands. As this is happening, Justine has removed Tracey's top and is running her hands all over Tracey's big, bra clad breasts. Tracey starts to moan into my mouth as Justine starts kissing the top of her breasts and neck.
To help Justine out, I reach around and undo the clasp of Tracey's bra with a flick of my hand. Justine and I relieve Tracey of her bra and run our hands all over a boob each. Tracey leans back down and takes Tracey's nipple tenderly in her mouth, running her tongue around it. I decide to do the same on her other boob making Tracey sigh in pleasure. While sucking on a nipple I manage to get one hand up Justine's skirt and onto her bare ass and the other I get into Tracey's pants and onto her ass.
Releasing herself from Tracey's nipple, Justine comes in-between Tracey and I and takes our hands, then leads us inside the villa and to the lounge. She gently pushes me back so that I'm sitting on the lounge and then peels off her dress and underwear. The freshly naked Justine then deftly removes the remainder of Tracey's clothes and the two girls are briefly just standing in front of me, naked. I have enough time to take in the contrast of their bodies. Justine is athletic with soft, flowing curves; smallish but very pert breasts with seemingly permanently hard nipples and manicured pubes. Tracey by contrast is tall and large with very round curves, huge pendulous boobs and big round ass and a wild patch of curly black pubes. One thing they have in common is they are both gorgeous.
The naked girls start making out while standing in front of me and feeling each other's bodies up and down. Justine couldn't keep her hands off of Tracey's ass. Tracey in turn was obsessed with Justine's hard nipples and it wasn't long before she broke away from the kissing to start going at Justine's nipples with her mouth. This caused Justine to moan and also move her hand off of Tracey's ass and start gently running her fingers through Tracey's beautiful lush pubes.
While having her tits licked Justine looks down at me and says "Get your clothes off," which I waste no time obeying. Having removed my clothes I sit back down, my cock already very hard and dribbling pre-cum. Tracey has been in her own world with Justine's nipples and hasn't noticed my change of attire, so Justine takes Tracey's hand and runs it up my bare thigh.
Tracey stops playing with Justine's boobs and looks at me. I can tell that her gaze has fallen on my hard cock and hasn't moved from it. Tracey looks back up at Justine and Justine gives her a nod. With that, Tracey sinks to her knees in front of me, pushes open my lags and positions herself between them. She takes my cock in her hand and plays with it for about five seconds before she swallows my whole length in her mouth. Justine moves to the end of the couch so she has a good view of Tracey sucking me, opens her legs and starts to tease her clit.
After a few minutes of masturbating while watching me thoroughly enjoy Tracey's attentions, Justine comes over and gets on her knees next to Tracey. Tracey continues on my cock but moves her mouth to one side allowing Justine to work the other side with her mouth. Both girls continue sharing my cock and stopping to kiss each other when their lips touch. It is a very raw and sexual feeling for all three of us.
Tracey is emboldened by the sexuality of the moment and stops sucking my cock. She looks up at me and says "Justine tells me you are the best eater of pussy going around, time to find out I think." Justine looks up from my cock and says "it's true, I did tell her that." So I have no option left other than to say "ok. Go lie on the bed and you can judge for yourself."
Tracey stands up and both Justine and I watch her round ass swing its way to the bedroom. Before we leave Justine grabs my face, kisses me hard and breathes "oh my god Davie, this is the best weekend ever. I love you so much!" She then swings her own way into the bedroom, and I admire her ass the whole way.
I give the girls a moment to get settled in the bedroom before making my way in. When I get in there Tracey is on her back on the bed with her legs spread and Justine is bent over on all fours between her legs, licking Tracey's pussy. Tracey is in another world enjoying it and I can tell from the noises that Justine is making that she is enjoying it immensely too. Not wanting to interrupt but definitely wanting to join the party, I stand behind the bent over Justine and enter her very juicy pussy with my hard cock and fuck her slowly. Justine immediately pushes back on my cock and starts moaning heavily into Tracey's pussy.
We are in this carnal train for a while before Justine lifts her head up from Tracey's pussy, turns around to me and says "come taste this." Her face is slick with Tracey's juices. Justine moves around to the side of Tracey and I come up between her legs. We both have our faces above Tracey's pussy and begin to explore her together with our tongues. Justine was right to summon me, Tracey's pussy is delicious.
Justine moves to give me full access to Tracey's clit and moves up to deeply kiss Tracey and play with her big boobs. I get focused on my work licking Tracey's dripping wet clit and it doesn't take long before her thighs clench around my head and she has a shuddering orgasm.
After catching her breath for a moment, Tracey wants to taste Justine's pussy, so puts her on her back, gets her head between Justine's legs and finds her clit immediately with her tongue. Justine's whole body tenses and she has a sharp intake of breath. I can tell that she won't take long to orgasm from here.
To watch Justine get pleasured by Tracey I get a good vantage point at the top of the bed. I move in closer so that my cock is near Justine and she can take it in her mouth if she wants to. She quickly takes up this offer and moans with pleasure around my cock. In a matter of minutes Justine turns her head away from my cock and starts breathing very deeply. As Justine's orgasm starts, Tracey puts a finger inside Justine, making her cum even harder.
Tracey gets up from between Justine's legs and her face too is slick with pussy juice. She kisses me so I can taste Justine on her lips and whispers in my ear "fuck me." I nod and Tracey lies down on the bed next to Justine and spreads her legs. I climb between Tracey's legs and my dick easily finds her juicy pussy and enters her. Justine sits up in the bed so she can get a better view of her friend being fucked by me.
Tracey's pussy feels amazing around my cock, so warm and wet and obviously at the height of arousal. Tracey is moaning her appreciation while I build up rhythm thrusting into her but I don't break eye contact with Justine. She looks at me with a mixture of love and lust and starts to touch herself again while watching.
Justine must sense I am getting close to orgasm before I even sense it. She says to me "I want to see you cum," and with that I can feel myself go beyond the point of no return. I take my cock out of Tracey right at the point of ejaculation. I let out a deep grunt and cum all over Tracey's tits and stomach. As Tracey gets hit with my cum, both girls make a moaning, gasping noise, indicating that they enjoy the sexuality of the moment.
"Wooooo!" Exclaims Justine as I collapse on the bed in between the two girls, which perfectly sums up how we all feel.
***********************
After cleaning up and getting dressed, we spend the afternoon with Tracey chatting and drinking wine. Justine and I then have a very lovely domestic night together cooking dinner and chatting about everything and nothing.
We get up the next day in no hurry to leave, but eventually clear out of the villa and jump in the convertible for the trip home on another gorgeous day. We enjoy the sun and each other's company for those last few hours before we have to get back to real life, outside of the perfect Justine and Dave bubble that we have created on this long weekend.
As we pull into our driveway Justine leans over to me and kisses me affectionately. "This weekend was perfect Davie. Let's do it again soon!"