She took the same seat in the train as she had every day that week. At the end of the carriage there were two seats directly opposite. She hoped that he would sit there as he had the last three nights. She had loved giving him a glimpse of her panties each evening. Every night she had not only increased how much he could see but she had challenged him more and more by making greater eye contact. While the eye contact was a challenge it also made it clear that she wanted him to look up her skirt.
She loved it. It made her so wet to tease the helpless target until his erection was obvious and uncomfortable. The previous three days she had opened and closed her legs with perfect timing. Sometimes as he dropped his gaze she would close her legs, sometimes she would open them. He knew she was teasing and completely in control of their game. It was amazing at how much their eye contact communicated.
Tonight would be completely different for both of them. Lots of eye contact but when she indicated that he should look between her legs they closed completely. Each time she gave him a smile as if to say next time. He knew not to drop his gaze until her eyes gave him permission. She was always in control. He didn't know how different tonight would be.
This time her legs closed just after his eyes dropped. No it could not be his eyes were deceiving him. No white panties that she always wore. Were they dark or could it possibly be that she had none on. Had he seen her bare pussy? Her smile was more knowing than usual when their eyes met. Fuck had his eyes deceived him. This was the best buzz ever for her. She felt like a fisherman reeling her prey in.
The prey was firmly hooked. His eyes pleaded with her to show him more. She loved it, he was putty in her hands. Putty that had her pussy wet and swollen. It was time for her to show him she was pantieless and happily so. This time as his eyes dropped there was no doubt, no panties and a pussy that was gaping. There was something showing low down in her pussy but he could not see what. His erection hurt as the reality hit him. The eye contact confirmed everything. Yes she was pantieless; yes she was enjoying being pantieless, yes he could look some more.
She could not believe how much this was turning her on. She was more aroused now than she normally was when having sex with her boyfriend. It was just about control. Control of a gorgeous young man who would never consider fucking her but was desperate to see up her skirt. He knew now and she wanted to show him.
Time and time again her eyes told him to look and he obeyed every time as her legs became wider and her skirt higher up her legs. He was now sure about the wet arousal and was desperately trying to make out whether he could see her clit. She knew her clit had long ago escaped the confines of its tight hood. Due to the tightness of the hood once the clit was clear of it her clit was kept very erect.
She was so aroused she did wonder whether the possibility of orgasm without any direct contact was an option. It was ridiculous as she normally took loads of physical stimulation before she was ready to cum. Tonight though she had a trick up her sleeve or more accurately up her pussy. The remote controlled vibrator was small but being inserted right on her g spot was perfect. She flicked the controller on to low and nearly lifted herself off the seat. The gentle hum made her pussy purr.
He sensed a change in the eye contact but was unclear as to the message. She was unable to control her arousal enough to send a clear message. He guessed he should look down and was rewarded by a clear view of her aroused pussy. She seemed unable to close her legs and his view was the best ever. She played with the controller varying the strength and the length of its vibration. Her pussy was now swimming with lubrication. Her heart was racing but something was lacking.
It was suddenly as clear as clear. She wanted him to be in control, but how? Taking the small controller out of her bag so it was not visible to anyone else she lend forward and pretended to pick it up from the floor. Speaking to her target for the first time she said.
"I think this maybe yours. If it is not might I suggest that you see if you can put it to good use."
He briefly looked confused until he took a guess as to the controllers use. The last couple of minutes made more sense as he realized its purpose. With a smile he turned the controller to full strength. Her wide-eyed fright confirmed his suspicion. His smile was matched by a very weak response by her.
Now his eyes controlled her. She knew she was to open her legs when his eyes told her he was going to look down. Much to her surprise he kept the vibrator on while they made eye contact but turned it off as he indicated he was going to look between her legs. She had always been delighted while he was looking down now this was the only time the vibrator was off.
Each time he looked up the vibrator was left on longer. He had now got her on a short fuse. As he looked up this time the vibrator failed to turn on. She was gutted had the batteries died at the wrong time. It was then that the smirk spread across his face. She knew she had to somehow ask for permission to orgasm. His expression changed to a questioning look. She knew what he was asking. She tried to use her eyes to communicate a positive response but he was not hearing it.
She was so desperate she mouthed please quite clearly. She looked round to see if anyone was watching them. Happy they were not she mouthed please let me cum. His smile was back as he flicked the switch. His eyes demanded her full concentration as her excitement grew beyond her control. As the orgasm was just threatening to explode she closed her eyes. The vibration stopped immediately. Her eyes shot open and she knew her error.
She wasn't sure she had ever kept her eyes open and focused during an orgasm but knew she would have to this time. The vibrator was on immediately and she was crashing towards an unstoppable orgasm. She held his gaze as best she could while she was consumed by an orgasm that was intense due to her need to hide it. Her hips were desperate to thrust forward, her eyes desperate to close, her mouth to yell about her excitement. She managed to fight her bodies every instinct throughout her long orgasm. Her eyes although open failed to realize that his eyes were as glazed over during his orgasm as hers were through hers.
As the train slowed she nearly missed her stop. Looking at him as she stood on weakened legs she said to him.
"Please be good enough to look after that for me. You might be able to put it to good use in the future."
It was not until she was out of radio wave range that the vibrator turned itself off and she was able to walk normally.