I've been pretty busy working some of these commission stories, and I'm very grateful for the opportunities! Feel free to contact me through the Literotica site, and please enjoy what is, perhaps, the most challenging commission I've had to work on yet!
We stepped out of the car onto the crunchy snow and splintering ice and I loved her. I say that like it was a sudden revelation brought on by Christmastime weather in northern Minnesota, but the truth is I knew I loved her from the days of our childhood when we were in grade school together. Boys are supposed to pull on girls' hair and be general brats when they like a girl at that age, but I gave her a flower for Valentine's Day. And while I'm not as sappy as I once was almost 20 years ago, I still loved her as we stood on the frozen gravel driveway and looked up at the cabin lodge together.
"Your parents aren't up here yet?" I looked back at her and closed the door. I drove, naturally. And then, moving to get our bags, I looked around again, just to make sure. I was under the impression that her parents and family would be here the entire month of December, but apparently nobody had arrived yet. The quarter mile long driveway ended at a large two-door garage on the left and a spacious house on the right, complete with stone and brickwork gardens, capped for winter of course, and a wooden deck on the left side of the house. A large, smiling, Santa head hung in the middle of the railing for the deck, so walking up the stairs you'd make eye contact with the plastic face. Outdoor lights the size of shotgun shells adorned the edges of the house and the deck, just barely starting to glow in the dim light of the early evening. It was a beautiful house, truly. But all I could think about was that I'd get to spend five days in it with Jessica. It was the highlight of every single year.
She stood up out of the car with a mitten between her teeth as she punched out a quick text on her phone. "They are probably out in town. They never tell me anything."
"So. Place to ourselves! What do you wanna get up to?" I joked with her. We had known each other the majority of each other's lives and I don't think that we were capable of taking what the other said seriously, until it was one of those rare friendship-defining moments where everything you say can't be taken anything but seriously. She yawned loudly. "Oh, I'm sorry," I said. "Did sitting in the car for six hours exhaust you?"
"Let's get the bags in and see what we are dealing with. Need to eat eventually." She responded quickly. Every year she and I shared a room, it was her old childhood bedroom actually. Her parents had updated it certainly, so there were no more dolls or school books. Now there were pictures of her and I with the family, a copy of her Diploma for Marketing at University of Minnesota, and, at least at the moment, an air mattress should be waiting on the floor for me. We spent the next 30 minutes unpacking our things. The house was spacious, but Jessica and I had shared a room since high school sleepover days when we would study together.
As soon as we finished, almost to the second, the front door, two floors down, opened and a loud voice called out "Anybody home?" in the way that they knew someone was definitely home.
Jessica bounded out of the room and looked down the staircase that cut through all three floors of the house, leaning over to shout down. "Kevin and I are up in my room!"
Minutes later we were gathered in the living room on the second floor. There was Jessica and I, Tim and Alex, her two dads, Tim's brother Ben and Alex's sister Toni, Jessica's younger brother Jeff and his college roommate Max. Max was the newest addition to the party and so we spent a lot of time talking to him. Turns out he was still an undecided major but he was leaning towards creative writing, a response that was met with an almost imperceptible beat of an awkward silence. Alex and Toni piped up quickly to talk about a friend from theirs back in the day who went on to become a very successful author, but they wouldn't divulge their name no matter what we tried to do. The guesses became more and more ridiculous until someone said "Stephen King" and we finally moved on. Everyone was familiar with me, but I did get to share the fun news this year that I was moving to a new position within my company, something that Jessica was actually more excited about than anyone else. I was going to be the lead of the SEO team. Search engine optimization wasn't that far off from marketing, where Jessica was deeply rooted, working at her family's granite company. The company they built from the ground up and allowed them to afford this fantastic house.
However, while Jessica and I were explaining what a big deal it was, Max let out a very loud yawn and, apologizing profusely, waved it off.. I took the cue and the conversation petered out. I changed the subject quickly. "So what's the plan until Christmas?" I asked more loudly, clapping my hands together as if bringing a meeting to order.
Tim and Alex smiled and responded. "Skiing tomorrow, ice skating the day after, figure you'll be pretty good at that Jeffrey," Max nudged Jeff when they said this, smirking at him. I wondered if Max knew how good Jessica and Jeff were at skating. "Then Christmas Eve we need to bake, Christmas Day we have our meal, open presents, and then watch movies until we pass out in the den, how's that sound?" Alex put his hand on Tim's shoulder and grinned happily, as though he were revealing a grand plan.
"Sounds great to me guys!" Max piped up and said, perhaps a hair too enthusiastically.
That evening was both somehow relaxing and draining at the same time. After a while of chit chat people started to excuse themselves to their rooms. Alex and Tim obviously had one room; it was the master bedroom on the third floor. Jessica and I were facing the sunset on the third floor as well. Max and Jeff were in his bedroom, which was on the second floor beneath his parents, and Ben and Toni each claimed a small guest room on the main floor. Each floor had a bathroom as well, the kitchen and dining room were on the first floor, as well as a nice den. The second floor also contained a large living room with the house's main television and seating area. It was in that room that we all eventually met back again and Ben and Toni led us all in Pictionary before we retired to our rooms for the evening.
On my way back to Jessica's room, where she had retreated several minutes earlier (she and I had a years old agreement that she would go first and I would follow after 10 minutes to give her time to get changed) I was stopped by Max, however.
"Hey, Kevin, right? Can I talk to you a minute?" he got up quickly as I left the room and followed me to the stairs.
"Sure, what's up kid?" I turned around and smiled down at him. He put a hand on his chest and looked at me, with mild offense on his face.
"My name is Max, actually. I'm 19, not 10." He said this in a bit of an unusual way. He did not sound angry, more like it was just a strict correction and there was no real discussion about it. It was a fact. It was also a fact that I immediately thought he was a dick. I lifted my hands to start to apologize but he shook his hands to dismiss this quite adamantly. "I wanted to talk to you about Jessica. You've been her friend for a long time, yes? Can you give me any pointers?"
Time stopped. My stomach fell. I wasn't sure if I was hearing this. It sounded ridiculous. Someone had intentions on Jessica. My Jessica. My best friend, the woman I loved, the woman I trusted. After staring an unnaturally long time, I finally answered. "Yea, we've been friends a long time. But. Uh. That's a bit unco-"
He cut me off and started talking again. "Her dads mentioned you two had known each other since grade school. If you were interested, I figured you'd have made a move by now - so I'm asking for any tricks you know. All in love is fair, after all, yes?"
"You two just met today. How do you know you could even love her?" I responded, a bit more pathetically than I intended to. He looked at me like I had grown two heads.
"You're kidding right? Have you seen that body?"
Truth be told, I didn't think about Jessica in reference to her body very much. It was her soul that I knew and her mind that I loved. "Her body?"
"Yes, Kevin. Her body. She's a 10 any part of this country. What she is doing without a guy in her bed this time of year is beyond me." The little shit just wanted to sleep with her! And he said it all so deadpan, as though I were the insane one for not noticing what he pointed out.
"I'm going to just pretend this conversation didn't happen, alright? That's what I'll do for you." I turned and walked away. I could see as I rounded the stairs that Max was at the bottom, arms outstretched and palms upraised, like the world's douchiest shrug made flesh.
I opened the door and saw her in her bed, reading by light on her nightstand. She smiled warmly at me and I settled down onto my air mattress for a while, pulling out my own book. I was readingThe Witcherbooks. I figured the show was good, so I should go back and read these books. But I stared at the same page for a disturbingly long amount of time.Why did I never tell Jessica how I felt?I assumed if she was interested she would just tell me. I didn't want to scare her off with dramatic declarations of love. I thought about this until the oblivion of sleep took me.
I woke up with a jolt, my face on the book, bending a page. It was still dark out the window and the room was pitch black. I looked up onto the bed, expecting to see Jessica asleep, but instead I heard soft moans and saw Max on top of Jessica, her legs wrapped around him, heels digging into his muscular naked ass. She was yelping softly with each thrust they made against each other. He was pumping fast and her body was shaking. She pulled him down to kiss him and I could hear the wet sounds of his cock in my best friend's wet pussy. I watched on in shocked horror as the scene unfolded, until finally Max gripped her arms and shoulder tightly and started to cum. I could see it perfectly, his cock was balls deep inside of her perfectly shaven pussy, his balls were tensing and pulsing, releasing cum into her body, filling her perfect body. Their bodies contorted in pleasure and he turned to me and winked as Jessica laid back, panting to catch her breath.
Pain ran through my leg suddenly. I kicked out in my dream and slammed the side of my leg against Jessica's bed, the iron and wooden frame leaving a definite dent in my shinbone. I winced as Jessica sat up. Her hair was a complete mess, her shirt, although shifted enough to almost reveal one of her breasts, was still definitely on and her panties, also having shifted just enough to show off her lovely ass, were also not discarded by Max. I leaned back as Jessica blinked at me through bleary eyes. It was a nightmare.
"Kev?" She responded, sleepily, blinking at me several times - she obviously was very deeply asleep.
"Go back to sleep Jess. It's ok. Just a bad dream." She plopped back down and I looked up at her. I stared at her hand dangling off the side of the mattress and up at her.
I yawned and said softly. "Love you, Jess. Sleep well." She was already asleep. She didn't answer. I mumbled softer. "I've been in love with you forever." She didn't hear that either.
I felt like home again, back on this skill hill. Jessica and I never went skiing together, but I was finally back in my element. I always had trouble going back to sleep after nightmares woke me up. Last night was no exception. I tossed and turned until about five, my usual time for waking up for work, and then decided I'd get up and go read elsewhere in the house. The rest of the family eventually got up, and after breakfast we all went to the nearby ski hill. Growing up, I practically spent every winter on skis in school, and I had been to this hill many times. For a while the family stuck together and would greet each other at the top of every hill, but eventually the family split off. I spent more time on some hills with Jessica's fathers, while her and her brother and Max spent time on the easier hills. I was a bit uncomfortable with Max and Jessica together, but what kind of douchebaggery could he get up to on a public ski hill in the middle of winter?
Two hours later, I found out. I got tired enough to break off from the harder hills and head back towards the chalet. As I skied back down the western side of the hill, coming around towards the chalet entrance, I saw Jessica and Max getting back onto a chair together. Jeff was nowhere to be seen, and Max put his arm around Jessica and pulled her close to take a selfie together. Apparently, they had shared some quality time. I frowned and moved into the chalet on my ski boots, stomping heel first on the heavy plastic.
I rounded into a lounge area and saw Jeff there. "Hey Jeff, what the hell, I thought you were with Max and Jess today?" I stood in front of him, arms crossed in my bulky jacket. He looked up at me innocently.
"Try again, Kev" he warned. He wasn't wrong, I came off overly aggressive and made an apologetic gesture. "Max said he wanted to spend some alone time with Jess today," he had just pried off his rental ski boot. "Got tired of spending time with them anyway." He was packing up his things for the day, even though it was still two more hours until we were supposed to pile into vans and head back.
"The guy has the hots for your sister, man." I finally said, frustrated at Jeff's nonchalance. Why was he not taking this like the serious issue that it was? Jeff looked up at me incredulously for a moment and lifted his hand up, starting to count his fingers off.
"So do you," he counted one off. "She's my sister, not my responsibility," another one. "She's 7 years older than me," still another one, "and she can make her own choices." He put his hand down. "It's absolutely not my problem. If you want to protect her virtue, you go ahead." He looked down and continued packing up his things, having peeled off his second heavy boot, setting it down with a loud thump. I stared at him for a long minute as he finished up and finally, I spoke up.
"You're right Jeff, I"m sorry. I didn't mean to put that on you." I reached my hand down to pick up his boots, as a gesture of good intention. "Let me help you out." He stood up, thanked me, and we went to the rental shop together to return our gear.
Jeff and I spent the afternoon in the chalet together alternating between scrolling on our phone and sharing the funniest videos we could think of, him showing me an app that he stored all his Magic the Gathering cards on, or just people watching. I kept watching out the windows to see Max and Jessica but I didn't see them again. Finally I asked him, "You said earlier that I have the hots for Jessica. How did you know?"
His response was simple enough. "Was it a secret? Man, anyone can tell if they've been around you for longer than 10 minutes."
"Do you think she knows?" I asked again, my voice softer now.
"If she has, she's never told me. Are you in high school? Go ask her yourself." He shook his head at me.
When we eventually all came back together, people piled into the vans again and we started the drive back to the cabin. It frustrated me that Max and Jessica sat together, talking friendly the entire drive back. But Jeff was right. Jessica was her own person. And I couldn't just wait around for her to decide that I was the right person to date. I had to actually show her that myself. I had to finally show Jessica that I had feelings for her, for most of our lives.               If Max wanted to compete with me, I would show him that he couldn't stand a chance.
That night, that's exactly what I tried to do.
"Hey Jess. You got a minute?" I mumbled quietly as I walked into our shared room. But I had to swallow my words quickly. Max was there. They were standing looking at Jessica's bookshelf and bulletin board. She was showing him pictures that she had in small frames, pictures of vacations, parties, special friends, even some friends that she and I both had who had passed away. She was walking him through her life, and he looked up when I walked in.
"Hey Kev. Jessica was literally just telling me about some of the vacations you've been on in college," he smiled at me and grabbed a picture of a New Year's Eve party. I winced a bit. That was a party I was supposed to kiss Jessica at, but she got too drunk and kissed a mutual friend of ours in college, I couldn't even remember her name now. Abi or Erin or Alicia, something - it started with a vowel. I turned the wince into a smile and walked over.
"Yea, I've been her best friend since," I paused for a moment "oh, longer than you've been alive actually." I'd show him and put him in his place. Jess smiled up at me and nodded in response.
Max interrupted quickly though. "Yea, it sounds like you two are practically brother and sister by this point!" I bit my tongue a bit, I'm sure that I couldn't hide the derision on my face at that comment.
"Well, I wouldn't go that far," I said. Jessica laughed at the same time though, drowning out my minor objection. She moved to hug me and turned her face to Max.
"Well he's the best brother I could ever have!" she said. She might not even be thinking about how her words cut deep in that moment. How it looked like Max was 'winning' this competition by a mile. It looked like the mission I was on when I came into the room was gone, vanishing like smoke in the wind now. My heart fell and I tried to hide my feelings. I've been told I wear my feelings on my sleeve, I needed to hide them - quickly. I swallowed it and looked up.
"So I was wondering if you wanted to get some fresh air or something." She looked like I just asked to borrow money.
"Fresh air? Like we got all day on the ski hill?" Max asked, saying what I was pretty sure Jessica was thinking. I curled my top lip and bit it, screwing up my face for a moment as I thought.
"Yea. But I'm pretty warm after dinner. The oven going this afternoon got it pretty warm. Just for a bit." I nodded to the door. Jessica smiled and set the frame in her hand down.
"Sure."
"I know, the family can be a bit much," Jessica said as soon as we stepped outside, the snow crunching under our feet. "And I didn't know Jeff would be bringing a friend either."
I turned back to her. She thought I needed to retreat outside from all the socialization? So be it, I'll go with that.
"It's just more than what I'm used to these days. I've worked at home for a while now, and it's just been -" I hesitated. "It's been a while since I've seen you and I just miss hanging out with you like we used to back in the college days, you know?"
She smiled and put an arm around me and gave me a half hug. "Well I appreciate you being here. It's Christmas, after all. We should be with the people we care about."
"And Max too?" I responded, trying to undermine him just a little. She laughed.
"And Max too," she got out through the laughs. "He's ok. He's just a young kid. Remember when we were that young? All carefree and confident?"
"Yea. Before we became adults and the real world slaps you around." I sighed. We talked for a while longer about college memories, the past, our jobs. Finally it started to get cold out and I asked.
"Jess, how come you never settled down?" I blurted out, the words became a mist in the cold night air.
Jess was quiet for several long seconds, almost long enough for me to repeat the question or ask if she heard me, then she looked over at me. "No guy ever seemed to measure up to be worth anything longer than just a fling." It was true; the longest I ever knew her to date someone was about three to four months. I opened my mouth to speak when a voice called from the house. They were calling our names. I chuckled, uneasily.
"Guess we better head back." We walked closely on our way back, the sound of the snow crunching beneath our feet the only thing that broke the silence, that clear starlit night.
That night I dreamt of Jessica. I knew it was a dream, immediately, because reality could never happen like this. I felt her slip into bed next to me and hold me close. She kissed my cheek, my sleeping lips, she touched me, her hand running over my chest, my stomach, and she gently gripped my cock. I could feel myself give a soft moan, I could feel her warm body next to me. I could feel her body growing hotter as she scooted over on the mattress and snuggled with me. I held her next to me, drifting deeper into sleep as we touched all night, and finally the alarm went off in our room. My eyes opened, and I was alone; Jessica was not on her bed. She must have gotten up earlier, and I found myself aching a little for her presence again. The dream might not have been real, despite it feeling so very real, but at least it was happy and peaceful.
I sat up in the room, still empty and dark without the presence of my Jessica or the sunrise. She was gone with no trace that she had even spent the night in her bed, it was made so neatly. It did not take me long to get dressed, although I was in need of a shower and a comb for my hair - both things that I would be able to obtain on the floor's bathroom. I stepped out into the house at large and explored, however briefly, for Jessica. I found her on the first floor, with Max and Jeff.
"You're all up kindof early," I mumbled through a yawn. I looked around the kitchen, I actually had not checked the time quite yet. I looked around at everyone and saw the clock above the stove. It was almost six. People had gotten up early. "Supposed to be on vacation." I shuffled towards the coffee maker and found a fresh pot next to the stove top pan of scrambled eggs.
Max spoke first. "Help yourself man. There should be some left for you if you want it." I narrowed my eyes, my back was still to him. I must have looked strange, a disheveled man bent over, nursing a coffee mug, hair all out of sorts, wearing a baggy t-shirt and sweatpants, gazing down at eggs with a sour look on my face that only the eggs could see. I felt as though Max was challenging me somehow, or giving me charity. I shook it off. It was too early for that.
"Thanks, but I'm good with just the coffee," I turned around.
"Jeffrey made the coffee," Jessica said, patting her brother on the back. I sat down and smiled, looking at the trio around the kitchen table.
"You're the only person I know who calls him by his full name, you know. Well," I stuttered a bit. "And your dads." Jeff swallowed his eggs without looking up.
"It's because I got tired of people misspelling it. R-E-Y or E-R-Y. So, just Jeff"
"Well, as much fun as linguistics is to chat about, I think we've got to get going," Max interrupted. I looked up at him, as he was bringing his plate to the kitchen sink. He turned and looked at Jessica and nodded his head. "Wanna go?" he asked her directly.
"Well, since we are all up, why don't we all go together?" Jeff kept his face down, focused only on his eggs. I swear I heard him groan.
"What are we doing?" I piped up finally.
"I'm not a very good skater. Jessica offered to take me skating this morning to give me some pointers," Max responded. I swear I saw a small twitch in his eyes. "But I don't see why we can't all go. Think you can keep up with me, Kev?" He smiled at me. It felt cloying, it was so falsely sweet.
"I think I'll manage." I grew up in northern Minnesota, the state takes it's winter sports seriously. "But thanks, I appreciate it."
The three of us went out to the frozen pond behind Jessica's parents house. It had frozen over well over a month ago, but we wisely tested it before lacing up our skates and getting into the action. Max, true to his word, was a bit shaky on skates. Jeff and Jessica were naturals on skates and I was decent. The siblings grew up with this frozen pond and skated often. I was no stranger to skis and hockey skates, but I preferred my water more liquid and less bone-crunching hard. I swam most of my life, even until November some years.
I glided past Jessica, watching her hold Max's arm and giving him pointers. I called out to them as I passed them and rounded the far side of the pond. "Try not falling, it will help you go faster!" I admit it that was beneath me and probably didn't score me a ton of points with Jessica. But all I thought about was how I could undermine him in any way possible.
Eventually Jesscia was able to coach Max to the point where he could awkwardly skate, turn, and stop. It wasn't graceful but it was considerably better than he was at the start of the day. If he wasn't trying to fuck the woman I loved, I might have been impressed. We spent the next hour skating around, Jessica and I racing each other, Max becoming more comfortable, and Jeff easily moving across the surface of the pond effortlessly, gliding across the ice with his hands in his peacoat. Jeff's cold and aloof attitude reflected in even his skating, apparently. We returned back to the house as the rest of the family was eating breakfast and getting ready for the day. Tim and Alex had planned for us to go to a nearby frozen lake, popular with local kids, and go ice skating as a big happy family. Tim and Alex tried to lead Ben, Toni, Jeff, and Jessica in Christmas carols as we all skated around the lake. And while the rest of us eventually joined in when they got to "Winter Wonderland," Jeff and Max were pretending to be too cool to participate. One of the first things that Jessica and I lost in college was the feeling that you had to be "cool" to have fun. Much the opposite, there were communities everywhere at University of Minnesota, and we had dozens of clubs to pick from. We even spent one semester hanging out with the Ballroom Dance club. I learned how to do a pretty good waltz.
After a couple hours on the ice, my legs were tired. Jessica and Jeff seemed fine, but Max had to tap out early as well; he was not used to the physical strain from skating. It took a lot more muscle than one expected, just like skiing did. Near the end, even Tim and Alex's energy and caroling petered out to the point of silence. However, the radio made up for the silence on the drive back with one of the 24 hour Christmas music stations.
The rest of the evening was rather uneventful and relaxing, which was nice. All of us gathered around the tv in the main living room, sitting on one of three couches there. Jessica and I claimed the one nearest the heating vent and we all settled in to watchNational Lampoon's Christmas VacationandThe Santa Clause, the family's Christmas tradition. We sat facing each other, leaning against the arms of the couch, our legs overlapping each other. Jessica and I would have pickedElfandDie Hard, but we weren't having Christmas in college anymore - it wasn't our party. During the movies people nodded off and woke up, got up to eat, put on pullovers and hoodies, made hot chocolate, and generally carried on about their days. In fact, it was almost as though the movies were just on to set a mood more than to be an engaging experience. Throughout most of both movies, Jessica and I were texting each other back and forth, sharing TikToks that made us laugh, memes from Facebook and Reddit, pictures of cute animals, and just generally anything that entertained us one way or the other. We kept passing our phones back and forth to one another until eventually we ran out of steam, or perhaps we saw all the most recent jokes and everything was becoming repetitive.
Eventually, Jessica got up and excused herself, leaving the room. She said she was going to go to bed early. I wasn't tired so I stayed out with Tim, Alex, and Jeff. Max left shortly after Jessica, Ben and Toni left an hour later. Sun had set several hours ago now, and the snow was piling up outside. It was beginning to look like we would have to shovel snow in the morning, so I excused myself to go to bed as well. But when I got to our room, Jessica was nowhere to be seen. She must be getting a snack or going to the bathroom. I didn't worry about it.
I should have.
About five hours later I woke suddenly, as though from a startling nightmare. The room was quiet. I saw Jessica sleeping on her bed, snoring softly, her blankets piled up on top of her and her day clothes discarded in a pile by the bed. I got up to pee and when I came back, I took a moment to cover Jessica back up with the blanket she had kicked free and, as I bent to tuck it in, I saw a small green light blinking. It was my phone, under her bed, plugged in and charging. I picked it up and I saw a missed call from Jessica. I looked up at her, confused, and looked back down. I actually had three missed calls from her, and two texts. "Can you wake up?" and "Please wake me up when you get this." Why did she call me so many times, text me, but not just come wake me up. She knew where I was. I unlocked my phone and checked the rest of my notifications.
Immediately I knew something was unusual. I had over a hundred snapchat notifications, all from Jessica. Pictures and videos all, I had to scroll to reach the top. I finally did and opened it - there were pictures from her of her and Max and Jeff together. It looked like they were in the den downstairs. I started to click through them. About a dozen pictures of the various drinks with "how come you're sleeping! Get up" and "We're gonna play Mario Kart without you!" as a vague threat. It looked like they had a good time. There was even a video of them singing, which played very loudly and I stopped immediately, seeing if Jessica woke up. She snorted a bit in her sleep and fell silent again. I unplugged my phone and silently slipped out into the living room. It was empty. I got a glass of water from the bathroom, and settled onto my movie couch to watch. Opening it back up again I saw the three of them singing in a drunken frenzy. What else were they singing but "Sweet Caroline"? I turned the volume back down and resumed watching in the privacy of the early morning silence. I glanced at the clock on my phone. Very early morning.
For a while the videos and pictures were all this. By all appearances it looked like they were having a great time. But after a few minutes of watching, something turned. And I saw it clear enough it made me sit up. Max proposed that they play "Strip Mario Kart." I heard him describe the rules. Coming in first meant you could pick who lost what piece of clothing. If you came in last you lost a piece of clothing and could not get it back. You could buy back any lost clothing by taking a shot of vodka. Jessica accepted this, her eyes already a bit glassy. But Jeff was either not in the frame or not in the room once the explanation of the rules started. This was Max, making his move. "There's no one to pick, dick. There's only two of you," I muttered to myself. I started to feel gross watching this, as though I was watching someone yell at a waiter in front of me. The next videos showed Jessica holding the phone, pacing the floor, stumbling slightly, slurring her words strongly enough that there was no doubt of her intoxication. She was whispering into the phone.
"Kev, you gotta come down here, we're gonna play strip Mario Kart. I want you to come down here." The video stopped when she dropped the phone. She wanted me there? My eyes got big and I shifted in the seat. I looked up at the bedroom down the hall. The text instructed me to wake her when I got the message. I heard Max's voice from my phone and looked down.
"Hey second-best," he had said, quietly. The next video was Max holding it. He stared at the camera for a brief moment, looked into the lens, so it appeared he made eye contact with me, and then he winked and smirked. The screen flipped and I could see Jessica peeling off her shirt, exposing a white cotton bra. She was pouting a bit, and mumbled something about how it wasn't fair.That little shit is mocking me.I grit my teeth. Would Jessica stop this?
The next video played and Max winked again, turning so I could see Jessica pulling off her sweatpants. She was wearing panties with some pattern, it was hard to see from so far away. I could hear them talking. "Don't worry Jess, I'm sure you'll win the next one. Still warm?" She stuck her tongue out at him and blew a raspberry. The camera zoomed in.
"Do your panties have polar bears on them?" He asked again, zooming in on her butt as she moved around.
"Don't look that close!" she slurred loudly with one breath and then she touched the side of her leg and looked at them. She started giggling and spilled a drink she was reaching for at the same time. "Yea, Kevin got me these for my birthday last year." It's true, I remember. They had little dancing bears wearing different hats.
"Well why don't you take them off, hand them over - I can see them closer then."
Jessica made apftsound with her lips, shushing and dismissing him.
The next video didn't come, it was just pictures. Jessica standing up in her bra and panties, doing a few different poses, holding a Switch controller, making little hearts with her fingers, and sticking her butt out towards the camera. Then she was sitting on her butt, legs bent up towards her chest and her bare breasts were pressed against her knees, shielding her. That one was captioned. "Don't worry, I'll keep her company."
The next video was Jessica holding the controller, staring at the screen. Her eyes were watery and half open by this point, she was rocking back and forth. And Max was zooming in and just looking at her breasts. He wasn't racing this time, he just let her win so he could watch. After several long moments, I could see his hand reach out and cup her breast. She gasped loud and cried out. "Max!"
"Hey, keep racing. I might catch up with you. If I'm doing this, I'm not racing, right?" Jessica didn't answer that, she just bit her bottom lip as he played with her nipples, rubbing his fingers over them. I heard her moan softly as he pinched one and she leaned forward. Then she cheered and bounced a bit.
"I win! You gotta take your pants off now!" Jessica's victory was another step in the road for Max's plan.
"Oh no!" I heard Max say, in a thick sarcastic tone. The next snaps were Max in his boxers. Jessica must have taken them, the caption was nonsense. "Yessir wish we down here." I bit my tongue a bit as it scrolled to Max grabbing himself in a still for Jessica, thrusting his hips up to make his bulge more prominent. Then a picture of Jessica, topless and seemingly unashamed, taking another shot of vodka. I had seen Jessica naked a handful of times before in our long friendship, but this was different. There were her large breasts, dangling down in front of my eyes. I could see her nipples hardening in the cold, and I could see her areolas were very pale, like her skin, making her breasts even more exotic and enticing. That moment was temporarily frozen in time, suspended before me. My best friend nearly naked. And Max's taunt. "I'm going to fuck her, man." Words on a screen and daggers in my heart.
It moved to the next video quickly. Jessica's back was to the camera. "If I do this, it costs you a piece of clothing too, right?" The camera went down to him, just in his boxers, his cock was rigid and huge under the blue fabric of his boxer shorts, then back up to Jessica, her hands on the strings of her panties. She looked back over her shoulder.
"Yea, you came in last so you lose it for good, but I'm being a good sport so I'll take one off too. But you have to pull them down slow and wiggle your butt!" I pursed my lips again.
"Alright, that seems fair," Jessica slurred. She bent over at her waist and peeled her panties down and spread her legs slightly. I could see her puffy pussy, the lips already spread just a little bit, revealing her pink warm folds. She looked back over her shoulder at the camera. "Better?" She wiggled her hips as she asked.
The camera went dark for a moment, and I realized I was hard, despite myself. I had never gotten such a close look at Jessica's pussy. I groaned, next I saw Jessica standing in front of Max, spreading her pussy lips with her hands, holding herself open. "Looks tasty." was all it said. Then, large as life, it was a picture of Max's cock. I frowned. I wasn't that fragile with my masculinity that I couldn't see a penis. It's just that it was bigger and better than mine. Thicker too. I had forgotten that Jessica was just a few rooms away, I could have gotten her. I could have woken her up and told her about this. Instead I just watched as Max zoomed in on his cock and then back up at Jessica. I saw the look in her eyes. She wasn't looking at Max's face.
The next snap looked like it was a bit later. Max was on the bed and Jessica was on her hands and knees in front of him. His cock, hard as can be, was in her hand and she held up to her face. "Holy shit Max, it's fucking huge." Max asked something I couldn't quite hear. "I don't know, never saw it like this," she responded. My cock throbbed in my sweatpants. I realized that I was rubbing the head of my cock through the fabric.
The next video was Jessica stroking his cock, staring at his face, just past the camera. He was grunting and groaning. She had a big grin on her face as his thick cock throbbed and bounced in his hand. She could wrap two hands around it and she did at one point. She twisted her hands around it and grinned at him, moving faster. "You like that?" she asked him, almost demanding an answer. The next shot was her taking another shot, then bending over sucking his cock into her mouth. "No going back now" the words on the screen read. I groaned as my cock pulsed. A video next, Jessica bobbing her head up and down on his cock, wrapping her tongue around his head, pursing her lips around the swollen head, looking up at the camera, grinning around it. She smiled wide with his cock in her mouth. Then another picture of her taking another shot and then more pictures of even more of his cock in her mouth. She was going harder, faster now. A video, I heard her say that his cock was so fucking big and tasty.
Jessica was holding the phone now and it was just long videos. Max was between her legs, licking her pussy. Her legs were held wide open, Max's hands were pressed down on her knees, holding her legs still while her feet shook and she twitched. I could hear her moaning, but I never saw her face. I saw Max eating her pussy, devouring it. His head moving back and forth fast as he rubbed his lips and tongue against her pussy, I could hear the wet sounds and groans of pleasure. Jessica's legs were twitching. Her belly was contracting with every deep moan. I got the impression that Max was eating her for a long time. Finally the phone dropped as Jessica spasmed hard. I had a side angle view of Max stroking his cock and Jessica wrapping her legs around his head at the edge of the frame, and I heard her scream in pleasure. I could practically feel her heels dig into my shoulders and press against my skin. I could hear her moans in my ears and I groaned as my cock pulsed in my hand, pre-cum oozing out as my Jessica ground her pussy against Max's face.
The scene changed again. The videos no longer had snippy captions in them. They were pure exhibition. Max's hand was in Jessica's hair while she knelt, fingers wrapped around her dark strands of hair, as he ground her face down his shaft. His whole cock didn't fit in her mouth, but they tried. Jessica gripped his thighs and pulled herself forward, trying to impale her face with his cock, trying to take it down her throat. I could see how slick his cock was with her saliva, and I thought I could see her throat bulge as she tried to take it. I heard her gagging. The next video was Max holding her hair firmly, fucking her face. Tears streamed down her face as she moaned and shivered. Max pulled his cock from her mouth at the last second and I saw thick streams of cum spurt from his cock, just starting to land on Jessica's open mouth and hungry face, then the video ended. I saw pictures from different angles of Max's cum coating Jessica's face, her fingers scooping it up, licking her fingers clean, and smiling and grinning up at him.
I saw another video, Jessica was just walking around, still naked. She went to the bathroom and rinsed her face off. She was stumbling the entire way, and Max followed her, squeezing her ass several times. As she bent over the sink, looking in the mirror, I had the image of the two of them in the mirror, both naked. Max reached around Jessica and cupped one of her breasts, and ground into her naked ass. She giggled, and hiccuped. Her eyes still looked glassy and unfocused, but she ground back against him and wiggled her ass at him. "How are you still hard?" I heard her ask.
"Because you're gorgeous and sexy as hell." Max responded, then looked into the camera again and winked. Did he wink at Jessica or at me? I wasn't sure. I could barely stop looking at Jessica's body - my cock was throbbing in my hand, I had to squeeze so hard to stop from cumming, small droplets of jizz formed on the tip, but I wasn't cumming. Not yet.
Jessica bit her lip and looked at Max in the mirror. She bent over a little bit more and I watched Max grab his cock, starting to grind it against her. I saw the moment it went in, divined by the look on Jessica's face. Her lips shifted from a cheeky grin to an open mouth gasp that turned into a grin again, and I came. Her face was so fucking sexy as Max's cock pushed into her. I knew how big he was, bigger than me, and I could imagine how she must feel around it, stretched, squeezing his cock hard. He held the phone with one hand and Jessica held herself up on the bathroom counter with her hands, gripping the marble surface, as he started to grind and rock into her slowly, a wave like motion. He put his other hand on her hip and started to pull her back towards him. I saw his face, I heard him grunt aloud.
"Fuck yea, your pussy feels so fucking good." My cock was dripping cum and I spasmed again and again as I saw Jessica's tits sway back and forth from the slow pumps. Her face was a mask of pleasure. She smiled, looked around, gasped and opened her mouth wider, and bit her bottom lip as she looked at him in the mirror. She started pushing back against him, making her breasts sway more actively. My cock pulsed again and again as cum oozed out, soaking the inside of my boxers. I couldn't help it, I couldn't stop staring at her body. I hated and loved every minute of it. I even moaned her name out loud as I covered my knuckles with my warm cum. But I was still hard, and so was Max.
He was thrusting faster now, closer to her, more bent over. Jessica bent closer to the counter, her nipples pointing straight down at the smooth surface. I could see them pointy and enticing. They looked good enough to lick and suck, and I imagined them between my teeth as Max reached around with his free hand to grope at her. "You want to be my little slut" he groaned as he squeezed. Jessica moaned out loudly as an answer, thrusting back into him harder, making her body shake. She reached out and clutched at the sink, lowering herself further until her breasts were dragging against the counter. Max's hand went to her ass and I could barely hear Jessica respond.
"Not there!" she moaned out. She pushed back at him harder and faster, "Don't stop, keep going!" Max sped up and Jessica's face winced in pain slightly. She reached behind her and the video stopped abruptly. My cock was still hard and I was stroking faster, imagining Jessca's smooth pussy walls gripping and milking my hard cock. Maybe she'd clean the cum off my shaft first, or maybe she'd like if I just slipped into her wet and warm and slick.
The video started up again, but Max was on the floor now, on his back. Jessica was riding him. There were no captions still. Jessica had both her hands on Max's chest and she was riding him with a goal. She clutched at his chest and I heard Max groan and wince. I could see his thick shaft disappearing into her as she rose and fell on his cock, and the camera switched between watching her pussy, watching her tits bounce with each rapid bounce, and watching her face contorted in pleasure.
"Yea, ride me baby. Ride me faster. Make me cum-" Max started to say. Jessica covered his mouth.
"Shhh. Don't talk, just fuck." She looked down at him and started into his eyes for a moment and then closed her eyes, lowering her head and grinding as far down as she could, groaning and shuddering. "Don't fucking cum, not yet." I saw Max reach up and grab at one of her breasts, pawing at her and pinching her nipples. With how much Max had to drink I was amazed he was still as hard as he was. I saw him pump up into her, rocking into her and heard him groan.
"Fuck yea" Jessica whispered quietly, almost like a prayer. I could hear the wet sounds get faster and her tits bounced faster. This was it. Jessica was going to cum. My Jessica was about to cum. I stroked faster and faster now. As hard as I could, I wanted to cum again looking at her.
And she did. I watched her body spasm. Her head snapped up and down, making her hair flip up and down. She bent her back and bore down on Max, grunting loud and low. I stroked faster, my cum slicked cock was wet and I was so close, but the video ended with one loud peal of Jessica's pure orgasmic joy and I knew she felt so good. Her moans echoed in my mind and I heard that pure sound and never would forget it.
I wasn't able to cum again. After Jessica's orgasm the videos stopped. There was nothing else on my phone. No messages, no texts, nothing. And the last one was sent about an hour ago. I came down from my lust and thought about what I had seen. Max was one-upping me. He was the "victor" in our game and he made sure I knew it. Well, Jessica seemed happy so, I'd be happy for her. I could practically feel tears coming on the more I thought about it but after several long minutes in stunned silence I eventually calmed.
Did Jessica know that Max sent me that? It was on Snapchat so there wasn't any evidence. I didn't think to take any screenshots. And screenshotting my best friend mid-sex wouldn't feel right anyway. I felt conflicted, frustrated. And I felt ashamed that I came watching them. I signed and got up to wash my hands. I probably would not sleep but thought I should try anyway. I'd be the first to congratulate Jessica tomorrow morning. I realized the time; this morning I suppose. It was officially Christmas Eve.
I made it back to the room. I laid down and closed my eyes. Jessica had readjusted in her sleep, covering herself more thoroughly. I had just started to fall asleep when I heard, in a soft, broken, sad voice.
"So how much did he show you?" Jessica asked. I opened my eyes and looked up at her, looking back at me. Her eyes were puffy.
Fuck.