Xiao Li's Tales – Part 1
Yau Xiao Li and her husband Yau Gang waited in the baggage claim area of Portland International Airport, having flown down from Seattle, where they had passed through immigration. Xiao Li and Gang had only recently arrived in the United States from their native Hong Kong. For both, it was their first trip away from the Oriental City-State in more than thirty years, when each had been students abroad. Xiao Li and studied at the University of Washington, whereas her husband had worked in Seoul, South Korea. They had met in Hong Kong International Airport while awaiting the tram, and discovered that not only had they come from the same neighborhood, but that they had a mutual attraction. Though Gang was three years older, they both had likes and dislikes that were similar, and while riding the crowded and noisy tram not only did they continue with their conversation, but they made plans to meet again.
Eighteen months later, they were married. Their daughter Yau Xia was born a year later, and two years after that came their son, Yau Jian. It was their son whom they awaited in the baggage claim area. Xiao Li and Gang were relocating to Regal Bay, to live with their son and daughter-in-law until they could establish their own home. Though neither had work waiting, for both were now retired after many years working for the Government of Hong Kong in one capacity or another, Gang was eager to find a new life in the growing city his son had bragged about for many years. Xiao Li, on the other hand, knew what awaited her, for it was because of their grandchildren, and her daughter-in-law's return to work after their birth, that the Yau's were coming to America. Xiao Li would be taking care of the young infants, just fifteen months apart, while Vania returned to her job in the City Services Department.
"Father! Mother!" Xiao Li turned around to find her daughter-in-law, Vania, approaching them, her long arms held wide. The younger woman, a Japanese-American girl their son had met at UCLA, embraced Gang first, and then her. "So good to see you again!"
"As it is with you," Gang replied. He was still getting used to the idea of his son marrying a Japanese girl, let alone an American-born Japanese girl. Gang was an old-school traditionalist, and might have approved of his only son marrying a Chinese-American girl. Vania, the daughter of a retired U.S. Navy officer father and Japanese school teacher mother, met none of his desired qualifications. However, in true Chinese fashion, Gang never showed his disapproval in public. For Xiao Li, it was quite the opposite, as she always delighted in Vania's positive energy and excitement.
"Where is Jian?" Gang demanded as he began to load their luggage onto a cart. "He was to meet us."
"Jian sends his apologies, Father," Vania said. "He was called to a faculty conference this morning and was unable to make the drive up. He is truly saddened he could not be here."
"I was expecting my son," Gang reiterated as he loaded the last of his and his wife's luggage. Xiao Li admired her husband for a moment, watching him toss the baggage onto the luggage cart. He seemed a bit different in America for some reason than he had back in Hong Kong. He was 61, nearing 62 that month, and looked it. Yet he moved different in that moment, stronger and more fluid, Xiao Li thought. That all went away a moment later when he started grumbling under his breath, spitting out a long string of obscenities in their native tongue while rubbing his lower back. He looked his age again in Xiao Li's eyes.
"It's fine, Vania," Xiao Li smiled and patted her daughter-in-law's arm. "He is a gruff after long flights," she added of her husband. "This is really mild, as he slept most of the way across the ocean. We visited Italy some years ago and he was in a rage nearly the entire stay in Venice. Really, he will be fine."
"So, we have to ride in your car all the way?" Gang asked as he followed Vania and Xiao Li out into the sunshine and across to the parking garage, pushing the cart along.
"I rented a mini-van," Vania explained. "It will provide plenty of room for you to stretch out in back, Father, should you like."
"A mini-van!" Gang grumbled. Yet, when he saw the actual size of Vania's rental, he was impressed. It was easily twice the size of a standard van in Hong Kong. They loaded up the luggage in back, and with Vania driving and Xiao Li accompanying her in the front, Gang was indeed able to stretch out his legs, and by the time they were on Interstate 5 headed south, Gang was snoring.
"He really hates to travel," Xiao Li told Vania. They shared a gentle laugh, and then settled into catching up with each other. They stopped for gas and lunch an hour later, leaving Gang sleeping as they went inside the Subway, Xiao Li's favorite American restaurant. They brought Gang back a foot long Chicken Teriyaki sandwich and a bottle of Coke for when he woke up, and hit the road, cutting over to the coast and Highway 101 for the remaining two and a half hours of their trip. Although living in Hong Kong nearly all of her life, as they drove along the coastal highway Xiao Li still marveled at the beauty of the Pacific Ocean on her right, and the splendor of deep green forests and tall mountains to her left. The sun was bright and she needed her sunglasses most of the time.
Gang woke up long enough to grumble about being hungry, and then ate the sandwich Xiao Li handed him in silence. He was back asleep soon after. They stopped one more time for a bathroom break at a scenic overlook, where Gang wandered off up a trail into the forest. It took then nearly an hour to find him and get him back into the van to continue their journey.
By the time they arrived in Regal Bay, both Vania and Xiao Li were exhausted, yet Gang was ready to get to work, settling into their new home. Vania and Jian had purchased a two story home near the campus, but to the south, away from the business district that catered to the student body as well as the local population. Although not part of the Elegant Estates neighborhood, the home nevertheless was of that upscale style. It fronted Freemont Blvd, however, and getting out of their driveway to head north was problematic during the morning hours. Sure enough, both Jian and Vania worked north of their home.
Jian was waiting for them when they arrived, and greeted his parents warmly, his father first, before his mother. He could be a traditionalist when he wanted to, Xiao Li admired. "I am so pleased to have you in my home!" Jian told his parents as they entered. It was not the first time his parents had been to Regal Bay, so there was no need for a tour.
Gang told his son, "I want to be finished with this unpacking before dinner, Jian," as the two dragged the luggage in from the van. Although Vania helped, Gang barely acknowledged her. Meanwhile, Xiao Li went to visit with her grandchildren in their bedroom upstairs. Tia, her 19-month-old grand-daughter, was sleeping in her bed. Xiao Li paused to admire the little girl, a smile on her face that broadened when she heard Kai giggling in the crib under the window. Xiao Li went to her grand-son and picked him up. She kissed and hugged the boy, whom she had never before seen in the flesh. She and her husband would have the next room to the children's, complete with their own bathroom which adjoined the two rooms. In fact, the space her son had allotted for them within his home was nearly the same amount of space Gang and Xiao Li had lived in for the last twenty years in Hong Kong. With the rest of the home, and the spacious backyard, it was as if Xiao Li and her husband had come to live in a palace.
With 4-month old Kai in her arms, Xiao Li wandered through her new home. Back downstairs, she paused to look into her son and daughter-in-law's room, a suite on the first floor opposite from the large living room. With two stairways, one on each end of the upstairs hallway, she could do laps of the house each day, Xiao Li thought, in keeping with her personal exercise regimen. She looked out across the backyard from the family room, taking in the many shade trees surrounding the stone patio and fire pit. Jian had decorated the entire backyard in a traditional Chinese style, she happily noticed, knowing that Gang would be very pleased. Her husband enjoyed spending so much of his time out of doors. "Being one with nature," he always said, "helps one be one with the universe." He was always happiest when unconfined by the walls of a home. Xiao Li knew that her husband would be happy in Regal Bay, and so will she.
The evening was pleasant, with the family enjoying a traditional Chinese-American buffet at the Beijing Palace restaurant near the mall. Gang was his usual pleasant self in public, but once home began to again grumble about the quality of food he was going to have to suffer over. "Well, dear husband, I'm not about to cook for you every meal just because you are so finicky!" Xiao Li teased him as they prepared for bed. It was well past their usual bed times, even given the time differences between Hong Kong and Regal Bay. Whereas Gang had nodded off every chance he had over the last twelve hours, Xiao Li had been too excited. Now it was hitting her all at once, and yet her husband was feeling his oats.
"You have paid me no attention in weeks, Yau Gang!" Xiao Li moaned as she tried in vain to shy away her husband's hands. "I am very tired and need to sleep if I am to watch over the little ones in the morning."
Gang still managed to push her night dress up and her panties down. As he maneuvered into position, he reminded her, "This will be the first time to make love in America. We will have on every continent then."
As her husband's penis began to press into her, Xiao Li corrected, "But not Antarctica, ooohhhh!" Her husband filled her with his manhood and began to hump atop her. As it is every wife's duty, Xiao Li accepted her husband and allowed him to work to completion. It lasted less than five minutes. He slipped out of her before she even began to enjoy it, an all too common occurrence over the last decade of their marriage. As her husband settled into the mattress beside her, Xiao Li straightened out her clothing. Even though she had not worked very hard, and in the traditional missionary position what was there for her to do, Xiao Li found herself now fully awake. Gang, on the other hand, was snoring minutes later. She reluctantly rolled out of bed and headed for the bathroom.
After, and still not feeling drowsy, Xiao Li decided to walk the quiet halls of the house. She checked in on the children before heading down the stairs. She had the desire to walk outside, onto the back patio, to enjoy a few minutes of the warm Pacific breeze. As she passed through the kitchen, she took note of the time on the clock as 11:18pm. It was then that she thought she heard giggling, or maybe grunting, coming from the family room.
"Jian and Vania are probably watching television," she thought to herself. Interested, she headed that way, only to come to a stop the moment she looked into the darkened room. Lit only by the light coming from the television, Xiao Li saw her son and his wife engaged in carnal activity. She had no doubt, as both were naked. Vania was in Jian's lap, and the two were in the sofa. Vania had her head back; her long black hair released down her pale back, and was riding up and down on Jian's lap. By the angle she was at, Xiao Li could make out her son's large balls beneath Vania's butt as she rose up. She saw the glistening wetness on her son's shaft as it emerged from Vania's black-furred pussy. And she saw her son sucking hard at the young woman's small breasts.
Xiao Li wanted to leave them, after all they were husband and wife engaged within their own home, but she couldn't force herself to move. She had never before watched two others make love, not in the flesh, and this was not only new to her, but the idea of having sex in anyway other than lying in bed, the man atop the woman, was foreign to her. She knew that there were other styles of love-making, of course, and yet she had never seen, nor participated in, these acts. Gang was too traditional for anything new and racy. And so, Xiao Li found herself entranced as she watched her son and his wife having sex in their living room.
Vania was moving atop her son, up and down very quickly. Xiao Li heard, "Ooohh, yes! Oh, fuck!" come from her daughter-in-law's moth, over and over. At times, Vania would stop moving and just sit in Jian's lap, twisting her hips. Xiao Li could not imagine what the younger woman was feeling; it was also foreign to her. And yet as she stood in the darkness watching, Xiao Li began to feel something between her thighs.
Startled, Xiao Li realized that what she felt was her own had, which seemingly of its own accord had slipped into her underwear. A finger, her own middle finger, was stroking her nub, which had grown very large. She pushed a little lower and felt the dampness. "What is this?" she muttered to herself. Yet Xiao Li held her hand where it was. She even gave her bulging clit a harder rub, and a jolt of pleasure rippled up through her. She almost moaned, but held back, her eyes going to her son and his wife fearfully. All it would take would be for either to turn and look her way and she would be caught. Try as she might however, Xiao Li could not make herself back away from the scene.
Vania had resumed fucking herself upon Jian's manhood. At times Xiao Li got a look at her son's face and saw his eyes shut tight and his mouth open. Vania would lean in and kiss him hard for a moment before returning to enjoying herself upon his cock.
"In my mouth, Jian!" Vania cried out suddenly. She leaped from her husband's lap then and as Xiao Li watched, the younger woman dropped to her knees and wrapped her hand around Jian's glistening cock. Xiao Li was able to take full measure of her son's manhood in that moment for the first time, and noted sadly that her son was much better endowed than his father. He must get that from my side of the family, she mused.
Vania grinned up into Jian's face and said, "You know we don't need another child." With that said, she opened her mouth wide and gulped Jian's throbbing cock down. She stopped less than halfway down when Jian began to grunt loudly, and as Xiao Li watched unbelieving, and trembling excitedly as she worked her bulging clit with her middle finger, her daughter-in-law began to drink his semen.
"Oooohhh, yeessss!" Jian sighed as his seed flooded his wife's accepting mouth.
"Ooohh, aaaahhh!" Xiao Li gasped, not only at the sight before her taking place, but at the climax her fingering had brought on in that moment. She forced her free hand to her mouth, hoping that neither had heard her. Apparently, neither did, as Vania continued to gulp upon her husband's manhood.
Vania enjoyed the taste, texture, and feel of hot semen on her tongue and in her mouth. She gulped down every drop her husband fed her and continued to suck until she had every drop of his ball juice in her belly, warming her. She had an insatiable craving for semen, fresh from the tap as it were, regardless of whose tap it was. Her vagina belonged to her husband, as agreed, but her mouth was always open for the next cock to come along. Jian just couldn't keep up with her cravings.
With the last of her husband's seed settling in her stomach, Vania let his withering member drop from her lips and hand, and then pulled his mouth to hers. They kissed deeply for several minutes on the sofa, and as they did, Xiao Li finally backed away into the darkness. As she slipped through the kitchen as quiet as she could, she noted the time. It was now 1:03am. She'd been watching her son and daughter-in-law make love for nearly an hour and a half.
As quietly as she could, Xiao Li returned to the bedroom where she and her husband now resided, slipped into bed alongside his snoring form, and tried to push the sight she had witnessed out of her mind, along with the memories of what she had done. She did finally fall asleep, and when she slept, it was her son's throbbing manhood that invaded her dreams.
***
The next day began as many over the next years would; with Xiao Li up early to attend to the children while Jian and Vania made themselves ready for work. Her alarm awoke her sharply at 6am, and given the jet-lag combined with her fitful night of sleep, Xiao Li was as tired as she had ever been. Her husband was not in bed when she rose, and Xiao Li found him in the backyard standing calmly as the morning sun began to warm the air. It would become his ritual, she knew, as it had been back in Hong Kong. Only here in Regal Bay, the only noise was that of birds chirping and singing, so very different from the rumble of non-stop traffic on the streets below their apartment in Hong Kong.
Xiao Li tended to the children as grand-mothers the world over have across the ages. She was dotting, feeding them as needed, tending to their bathroom needs, bathing them and entertaining them. Despite her fatigue, Xiao Li had plenty of energy to take care of her two grand-children. Gang had spent nearly the entire day out of doors, either in the backyard or walking the streets of their new neighborhood. He had an exceptional skill at being able to find his way without a map or cell phone GPS devise. Since he was a child, Gang would walk the world and map it out in his own mind. He took pride in knowing where he was and being able to get to any place in the world he had ever been, without mistake, no matter how long it had been. So Xiao Li wasn't worried about her husband, even when he missed the lunch hour. It wasn't until their son had arrived home after work that Gang returned, walking casually up the driveway.
Xiao Li didn't encounter her son and daughter-in-law engaged in sexual liaisons again that week, and Xiao Li began to forget about the entire episode by the weekend. Saturday morning saw her up earlier than the rest, and she took the opportunity to attack the laundry. It was that morning that she began to suspect things were ever so slightly off in her son's home.
Xiao Li had separated hers and her husband's underwear from the rest of the family's, to do separately. Gang had a skin sensitivity that required the use of a special blend of detergent and as such she had waited until that morning to do a load. What she found was the numbers of her own underwear, in particular the new panties she had bought before leaving Hong Kong, did not match the numbers that should have been there. One pair each day, so there should have been six pairs, including those she wore on their flight over. Instead, there were only four. She started the washing machine, added the measured amount of detergent, and then dropped in what underwear she had. With the machine running, she started upstairs, looking for the missing articles.
However, Xiao Li was diverted as Tia began to cry. The lost underwear was forgotten for the moment as she took care of her young grand-daughter. By the time she returned to continue work on the laundry, Xiao Li had forgotten all about the lost underwear, assuming that they would show up to be washed eventually. Vania lent assistance later in the morning, as the family rose with the sun and began to enjoy a warm summer's Saturday. Again, Gang went on his own and Xiao Li accompanied Jian, Vania, and the children to the beach for the afternoon. Not surprisingly, Gang showed up walking along the sand in his bared feet, his sandals in hand. He dropped into a crossed leg position beside them in the sand and began to play with little Kai, as if he had been with them all along.
Xiao Li and Vania made dinner that night, a traditional noodle soup with shredded chicken, steamed vegetables, and beer for the adults. That night, Gang was feeling energetic and made love to Xiao Li, again in the missionary position. They kissed deeply, as Frenching for her was always the best part of their love-making. It was about as far from the conservative as they had ever gone. It was why Xiao Li had fallen in love with Gang. He knew how to kiss her the way she liked to be kissed!
As her husband climaxed, Xiao Li recalled watching her son as he had climaxed, filling his wife's mouth with his seed. She pushed Gang up slightly to look at his face as he filled her with his. To her surprise, Gang and Jian shared the same tightly shut eyes and slack-jawed gape as they achieved orgasm. Gang rolled away from her again, with only a brief kiss. It had been his way in recent years, as their age dictated. Neither seemed to have the energy anymore to even embrace afterward.
Xiao Li waited until Gang was gently snoring and then went to the bathroom. After, she made her way down to the kitchen for a drink of juice. Her son and daughter-in-law had gone to bed, though Xiao Li had not expected to find them engaged in the living room again, she had looked in. Disappointed perhaps, she checked on the children and returned to her bed.
***
It wasn't until the middle of the week, Tuesday afternoon, that Xiao Li made her discovery. She would have little Tia to thank in later years, even thought she would never admit to it.
Having fed little Kai, Xiao Li placed him in the playpen set up in the family room, overlooking the backyard. It was shortly after nine, Jian and Vania had left for their jobs, and Gang was finishing up his ritual exercises in the shade of the tall trees in the backyard. Xiao Li watched him for a moment before turning her attention to the housework. At the top of her list for the day was dusting throughout the house, and she began there in the family room. Soft music played from the stereo system, the local pop station that Vania favored, and Xiao Li went to work.
With Kai safe in the playpen entertaining himself as infants do, Tia was allowed to roam about somewhat freely with Xiao Li, though limited to the room she was working in. Completing her work in the family room, Xiao Li checked on Kia and found him on the verge of sleep. She noted that Gang had left for his morning walk, and with Tia in tow, she moved on to the next room.
Jian and Vania had set up a small home office next to the kitchen where a desk and computer had been set up. A tall bookshelf, along with a three-drawer filing cabinet made up much of the remaining space, an area that had been originally meant as a pantry or closet. The room wasn't very big, and moving about would be awkward with little Tia under foot, so Xiao Li sat the toddler at the desk in her father's soft leather swivel chair. Xiao Li went to work and Tia happily began popping the keyboard with her tiny fingers.
"Dada! Dada!" Tia happily giggled after a few minutes, and Xiao Li turned to see a picture of her son on the computer's monitor. Tia was pointing at the screen, and Xiao Li looked to see her son engaging in some form of sexual congress with a woman, not his wife.
"Oh my! What have you done, Tia?" Xiao Li exclaimed. She quickly moved the chair back, and the little girl away from the keyboard. As she did, the picture on the screen rolled and another moved into place. This one had Jian standing behind another woman, both fully nude and his hands wrapped around her to hold her very large breasts. They were in a room, possibly a hotel room, and there were other people around them, also completely naked. Xiao Li did not see her daughter-in-law, however.
"What is all of this?" she muttered to herself as she looked. Another picture rolled up and in it was Vania, on her hands and knees in the middle of a room, with four naked men around her, all with rather large cocks in hand aimed at her. From her smiling lips Xiao Li noticed a long string of white dribbled across her chin. "Oh!" Xiao Li gasped when she recognized that it was semen dripping from Vania's lips.
Embarrassed, Xiao Li quickly tried to stop the picture show. She had a knowledge of computers from her work in Hong Kong and she was able to put a halt to the graphic display. Tia had slipped from the chair and now sat beside the open door to the room playing with a stuffed animal that had been on the desk. Xiao Li pulled the chair over and sat. She stared at the computer for a moment, her mind going in several different directions all at once. What she had just seen was beyond anything she'd ever witnessed. The only conclusion she could make was that her son and his wife were sexual deviants.
And yet, even as she knew she should be angered by this discovery, she was more excited than she had been in many days. Since witnessing her son and Vania engaged in sex, in fact. She realized, also, something else. "Am I wet?" Hesitantly, she reached between her thighs and touched her crotch. She pulled the housedress up and reached beneath. She touched the front of her panties. They were ever so slightly damp. "What?" she gasped. She looked to Tia, who was content for the moment, and then pulled the keyboard closer. She brought up the dashboard and looked it over.
It didn't take her long to find what she was looking for. Her son hadn't hidden his files at all. Why should he? If he and Vania were as open with each other as the photos had suggested, then there was no need for him to hide anything on the computer from her. The folder was right there on the screen, down at the lower left hand corner. It was labeled "Fun". Xiao Li opened it and found several more folders. Some were dated, and of these that she opened, she found dozens of pictures, taken at parties it would seem, where nudity and sex were the norm. Others were of only him and Vania, taken like selfies, in various positions, acts, and places. Xiao Li recognize the rooms of the house, as well as the back patio in many.
"What kind of couple are you two?" she asked the picture she had brought up, taken by Jian as he took Vania in the doggy-style position atop their big bed, the camera aimed at the dresser mirror. The look of ultimate pleasure on Vania's face gave Xiao Li the idea that she was in the act of climaxing when Jian had taken the picture. Vania looked absolutely beautiful and blissful in that captured moment.
The next picture was a large, close-up of a male member, with Vania on the far side smiling wide. Her lips were against the underside, away from the camera, and her pink tongue was out as if she were licking an ice cream. The dark forest of pubic hair at the base of the cock matched her son's color, and Xiao Li assumed that it had been her son taking the picture. Xiao Li took in the sight of her son's large manhood, taking in the details of the ridges and veins. Although she knew it to be Vania, it very well could be a picture of herself as a young college girl, Xiao Li realized. Their hair was very much alike, as were their eyes.
"I could never do that," Xiao Li said to the screen, as if telling her daughter-in-law. Yet, what would it feel like, she wondered? What would it taste like?
After looking through several more photo filled folders, which contained depictions of dozens of young and middle-aged people whom Xiao Li did not know but her son and his wife definitely did, Xiao Li next turned her attention to a document file. She again checked on Tia, who had rolled onto her side while still playing with the stuffed animal. She looked about to fall asleep, Xiao Li thought as she returned her attention to the computer. She opened the document file and found a folder labeled "Observations". It was opened and from the list, which all seemed to be dates, Xiao Li clicked on one that might have been the most recent. It popped open as a word document and Xiao Li began to read. Within seconds, she was both appalled and excited.
She read: "I was not disappointed when I checked on my parents. My timing was perfect. Mother lay on her back with her night dress pushed up. Father had pulled her underwear down and was moving between her parted thighs. I saw her dark pubic hair for the first time in a long time, and my cock grew stiff quickly. And Father pushed into her, I wrapped my hand around myself, imagining what he felt as he pushed his into Mother. I stroked in time with Father. I think I came when Father did. I left quickly to join Vania, and after I told her what I had saw, she was so hot that we engaged on the sofa for the first time in weeks. She drank my cream and begged for more. I gave her more in bed later. I was drained!"
Xiao Li had discovered that her son had yet another sinful side. He had not only watched his mother and father make love on the night of their arrival, but had written down what he had seen the next day! And given what he had written, Jian had enjoyed what he had seen to the point he had to rush off and have sex with his wife in front of the television, the very act that she herself had witnessed! And Vania knew about his voyeurism, and it had made her hot to the point of taking Jian on the sofa. All for Xiao Li to watch and enjoy.
"Oh, what is happening in this house?" Xiao Li again asked the room. She clicked on several more of the entries, in particular one well down the list that seemed to coincide with the last trip Jian and Vania had taken to Hong Kong. What she read disturbed her, and excited her. As she read about how Jian had returned to the knot hole he'd long ago found in the closet of his bedroom, that gave him an unobstructed view across his parent's bed, and masturbated while watching his father atop his mother, Xiao Li realized that her son had been spying upon her, and his parent's sex life, for many, many years. And that he had not only been excited by watching them as a young boy, a teen-ager, but even as a young adult as he had been upon his visit, he found the need to masturbate while watching. Even as she made this realization, Xiao Li discovered that she had been touching herself as she read, with her hand jammed down the front of her panties even, her fingers tangled in her thick pubic bush and stroking her slit. She was wet as she'd ever been, she realized when she hastily pulled her hand free. She looked at her fingers, and they glistened with her cream.
"This house! This place! What is happening to me here?" she begged. Xiao Li quickly closed the files and then shut down the computer. Tia was asleep and she eased the girl into her arms. She found Kai awake in his playpen and replaced his with Tia. Kai was hungry, and Xiao Li wanted nothing more than to get her mind away from what she had discovered. It would not be easy.
***
"What is it, Mother? You seem distracted, even preoccupied." Xiao Li and Vania were preparing dinner, and Vania had noticed that her mother-in-law was not her usual steady self when chopping the vegetables. Usually, they were very uniform in size and shape. However, this evening they were very haphazard and irregular. Not that Vania cared, as they were all going into the stew pot together.
Forcing a smile, Xiao Li lied, "I think the jet-lag is hitting me finally. I haven't been sleeping well."
"The children have been too much, have they? If you need for me to take a day off tomorrow, to give you some rest, I will be more than happy to, Mother." Vania patted her arm warmly.
Xiao Li shook her head. "That will not be necessary, dear Vania. Maybe I will go to bed early, though."
"I have some sleeping aids, should you like?" Vania offered.
Again, Xiao Li shook her head. "Thank you, but no. I shouldn't have much trouble falling asleep tonight." Xiao Li knew, however, that again that was a lie.
Despite her earlier idea, it was well after ten before Xiao Li made her way to bed. Gang was sitting out in the backyard with her son, the two drinking as they conversed. Vania was taking care of the children, giving them baths in her master suite's huge tub. Xiao Li had helped get the two stripped and into the tub, and had to hold back a gasp as Vania stripped bare right with them and climbed into the tub. Xiao Li got an eyeful of her beautiful young daughter-in-law, and quickly left the room. For Xiao Li, the openness of her son and daughter-in-law about sex and nudity was almost overwhelming. Combined with the discoveries on her son's computer, the memory of that first night began to return to her mind more and more often.
Xiao Li stripped out of her day clothes and pulled on her sleep dress. Beneath, she wore panties and a t-shirt style bra. Stepping out of the bathroom and into her bedroom, Xiao Li imagines that she could feel herself being watched. She paused and looked around, finding no one, but also wondering where it was that her son had been able to watch them from. Had he watched them again, just a few nights before, she asked herself. Quickly, she climbed into bed and pulled the sheet over herself. She turned out the bedside light and lay quietly, listening. It was peaceful, though she could hear Vania and the children directly below. In that moment, the image of a naked Vania entered her mind, followed by the naked form of her son.
"Leave me in peace, please!" she quietly pleaded. For many long minutes, perhaps even as long as an hour, Xiao Li lay trying hard to bring sleep on, and yet only finding images of her son, of Vania, and what went on between them in this house.
With images dancing in her head of what Xiao Li had seen on her son's computer, it was no wonder that she rolled onto her back and lay in bed with her right hand wedged between her ample thighs, and pressed to her heated vagina. She wished her husband would awaken, to roll atop her and service her need. Her hand had slipped into her panties and she found that she was wet and ready for him to penetrate her. Her middle finger curled and entered her, and she imagined that it was her husband's penis slipping inside her, working within her. No, that wasn't true. Not in that moment.
"Oh! What?" Xiao Li suddenly gasped. She ripped her hand from her crotch, from beneath the covers, and brought it to her chin. It had not been her husband who had filled her mind just then, but her son, Jian. It had been his face she saw, above her smiling, as she pushed a finger into herself. It had been his penis she had imagined sliding between her folds to penetrate her. And she had cum! Her pussy had spasmed and cream had flowed onto her finger. She brought it up to her nose and smelled herself. It was true. It was her familiar scent. She knew it well, from licking it from her husband's fingers after he'd worked her into a frothy frenzy. Xiao Li licked her finger then, as she always did for her husband. And again, the image came to her of her son, Jian sliding his damp, dripping finger along her lips, just moments before climbing between her thighs to drive his manhood home.
"No! This cannot be!" Xiao Li muttered, almost crying with despair as she fought back the images of her son, his long cock waving between his legs, dripping with his wife's juices, in that moment before he erupted and Vania engulfed him, accepting his thick cream onto her tongue, into her mouth, and...again, it wasn't Vania she saw in her mind, but herself! It was she who was taking her son's load upon her tongue. It was she, his mother, who drank from his penis, who swallowed his hot semen, who warmed to the feel of having her son's most sacred seed flood her belly. And it was she, Yau Xiao Li, who climaxed as the ideas and images flowed through her once again.
Xiao Li lay trembling on the bed, beneath the sheet, not realizing that she had once again stuffed her hand into her underwear, and curled two fingers now up into her vagina. She had given herself an orgasm, all thanks to the unwanted and sinful images that had filled her mind as she lay in bed. "Oooohhh, what is wrong with me?" she sobbed, and began to cry as she rolled to her side, curling up like a babe. She fell asleep with tears streaking her cheeks and dampening the pillow beneath her head, yet her hand remained where it was.
***
Xiao Li fought with her emotions time and again over the course of the remainder of the week. During the days, while she tended to the children, she fought back the urge to slip away into the little room, to sit at the computer, and delve once again into her son's secret life. She avoided going in even to dust, and made sure that the door was closed at all times, for fear that little Tia would again mistakenly bring up the pictures of sin her son and his wife engaged in. During the evenings, it took all of her resolve to engage with the young couple, as the very same images returned to her mind time and time again. The look of lust on their faces, of primal passion, of pure enjoyment. These were emotions that Xiao Li realized were all too foreign to her. And she realized that with each passing day she wanted nothing more than to experience what they had.
Vania had made appointments for her children to be seen by their doctor, routine check-ups, for Friday and as such she had taken the day off. Xiao Li had yet to apply for her driver's license, as she and Gang were still awaiting their appointment with the Immigration and Naturalization Services. Although she was fully capable of driving a car, until they could get all of their documentation in order, she and Gang would be at the mercy of their son and daughter-in-law to get around.
"Would you like to join us, Mother?" Vania asked as she readied little Kai for his trip to the doctor, dressing him in a warm onesie, even though it was nearing eighty degrees outside. "You've been cooped up in this house all week, taking care of the children."
"No, thank you, Dear," Xiao Li replied. "I will get a few more things done and then maybe sit outside with Father."
"Okay, then. We'll be back later. I think I'll take them for a walk along the boardwalk after," Vania told her. "Maybe treat them to an ice cream."
"That would be nice," Xiao Li smiled. After seeing them off, Xiao Li found herself at the door to the little office. She realized that, for the first time since coming to America, she was completely alone in the house, as Gang had left on his usual walk and shouldn't be back for some time yet. Secure in the knowledge that she would not be discovered, Xiao Li slipped into the home office, and yet closed the door behind her. She sat in the chair, brought up the computer's desk top icons, and then found what she was looking for.
Xiao Li opened the "Observations" folder once again and skimmed down the list. She discovered that there was one new entry, dated two days before, Wednesday. She opened it and read.
"I watched mother as she changed her clothes. Again, I am fascinated by the awesome sight of her naked crotch and her large, dark triangle of pubic hair. I do wish Vania would relent to letting hers grow out, if only for me to take pictures of. I have yet to see Mother masturbate since coming here. She used to back in Hong Kong, and I watched her so many times as a boy. I hope she hasn't stopped. Watching her and Father make love last week brought back so many of my boyhood memories. I wish I could feel what Father feels what he is atop Mother. I want to feel her wrapped around my penis as I pump into her!"
Xiao Li felt herself warming to the words her son had typed. She reached under her house dress and once again pushed her hand down the front of her panties. The idea of her son watching her masturbate had made her wet, and she liked that it had. She read on.
"I can only imagine the joy in wetting down such a thick bush as Mother's with my tongue, until the hair was all matted back to finally expose the pink gash of Mother's pussy. I want to taste her cream on my tongue. I want to feel her pussy quiver as I lick out her juices. I want to hear Mother squeal in orgasm as I lick her, just like Vania and her mother do. I know I can make Mother cum with my tongue. I only need the chance. Maybe, someday soon."
"Ooohh, Jian!" Xiao Li moaned softly at the thought of her son licking her where her finger now was. It had been many years since Gang had done that for her, and she'd forgotten the pleasures it had brought her. So many years ago, before ever her son had been born. One-handed, Xiao Li clicked out of the journal-like folder and brought up the pictures she'd seen. It didn't take her long to find one that suited her needs. On screen was her son, his face pressed between the spread thighs of a woman who was not his wife. His mouth was against her crotch. His eyes were smiling, matching those of the woman, an older white woman, whose vagina he was orally servicing. And Xiao Li wanted in that moment to be that woman, spread out on the floor of some cabin apparently, with her son's mouth pressed tight to her pussy, and his tongue pushed high inside her.
"Oooohhh!" Xiao Li suddenly moaned. Her fingers were dancing across her labia and clit, and as they did, and as she looked at the picture of her son on screen, she climaxed. "Aaaahhh!" she sighed. She humped her hips in the chair, grinding against her hand as her cream flowed. It was warm and thick, and coated her fingers quickly. She felt her panties dampening beneath her butt, and then she knew where her missing ones had gone. Jian had taken them. It was the only explanation.
Coming down for her self-induced high, Xiao Li logged off of the computer and took a moment to regain her composure. He mind raced with fears, mostly imagined but some very real. She had just made herself cum to the image of her own son between her legs, and she'd done it purposefully. And she wanted to do it again.
Leaving the office behind, Xiao Li went to her son's bedroom. She looked around, trying to imagine the sexual delights Jian and Vania had experienced within those walls and atop that big bed of theirs. Xiao Li sat on the edge of the bed, feeling it give under her. She sighed and lay back, looking up at the slowly spinning ceiling fan. She didn't realize that she had pushed her hand into her crotch again until she began to feel the tingles. She didn't stop, and soon brought herself off again.
"Oooohhh, Jian! Jian! Jian!" she moaned as her pussy quivered around her wiggling finger, stuck high inside her. "Fuck meeeee!" she sighed, surprising herself for even saying it out loud, and yet the words added an extra kick to her orgasm that had her roll over. She continued to finger herself, now with two jabbing away, as she humped her hips up and down into the mattress, her face pressed into the bed covers as she climaxed again.
"Aaaahhh, Jian!" she sighed one last time as her orgasm peaked and her body trembled. It would be some time before Xiao Li was aware of where she was, and when she did, she quickly rolled from the bed and straightened both herself and the covers up. Rushing back to her own room upstairs, Xiao Li found that the crotch of her panties was soaked in her juices. She stepped out of them and tossed them into the clothing hamper in the bathroom. She paused, looking at them as they lay in a tangled ball. Without a thought, she picked them back up, spread them out, and laid them across the top as if in presentation. With a sinful thought in mind, she then carried the hamper down to the laundry room and set it beside the hamper from her son's bathroom. She had no idea why she had done it, other than she wanted to see what reaction she might get, given their dampness and aroma.
Forcing herself to leave the bait as it was, she returned to the kitchen, poured herself a glass of tea, and made her way out onto the patio to enjoy the sun and await the return of her family. She didn't realize until much later that she'd neglected to put a fresh pair of panties back on.