This story is entirely fictional and is in no way connected with the subject. This story contains adult material and is only suitable for people over the age of 18. If you are under 18 please stop reading now. All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living, dead, or undead, is purely coincidental. All characters portrayed in this story are over 18. Do not use this without my permission. (c) Copyright Viper_Noj 2002 onwards. Now, on with the story!
* * * * *
This story was written as a request from Sammy, so thanks to him for sharing this with you.
* * * * *
The clean swish and smack of Jessica's golf club broke the air as she tee'd off, her driver swinging high over her head as she sent the smart white ball flying down the fairway of the expensive club under the Californian sunshine. She stood and watched while her friend and business partner Luke waited further back, taking it in with equal interest. It was a good strike and he watched as she made the yards to the green, setting a decent marker.
She was a good golfer and it was always entertaining to play with her because she gave a great challenge. Another benefit was standing behind watching her tee off, seeing the skirt of her golf outfit fly up as she bounced and twisted, how her perky tits jiggled when she put herself into it. Jessica watched it land then stepped aside to offer to space for him to follow.
"Your turn, Luke," she said, smiling to him.
"No problem," he said, stepping up. They had been working together for years now and he was part business partner, part friend frankly. He wasn't perhaps the typical kind of person she was friends with and she knew other companions of hers looked down a little on him, but she enjoyed his company and he was good at golf. He had rather an over-the-top frat boy kind of reputation, someone who somewhat hadn't grown up in ways and yet he was well off and in business with her.
They had worked together for quite a while and his investment was invaluable so she had no reason to change things, and whenever they were together they were always a bit flirtatious with one another. It had always been that way despite him knowing full well she was married with children and she figured it was a harmless joke, on top of that she figured that charming him would only be a benefit to her company as she kept him sweet.
That was what she told herself, but truth was she rather enjoyed the attention he paid her even if it did mean he was staring at her ass while she swung, but lots of men did that and plenty of women too so she wasn't too fussed. Today though things felt a bit different, somehow more intense or at risk of going further, she didn't know why but couldn't help but play to it.
"Ok, watch this," Luke said, lining himself up and reaffirming his grip on the handle of the club.
"I'm gonna," she smiled, teasing him a little as she was in the lead. Her skill matched her beauty and she was as keen a competitor for him as he was for her. With a strong smack he sent the ball down the fairway, seeing it drift as it was caught by a gust of wind under the Californian sunshine.
"Ahh shit," he said, watching it sailing towards the rough at the side, well away from where he had intended.
"Ooh another bad drive there," she said, knowing it had possibly bought her the game.
"That wind, just completely the wrong timing," he said, giving a sigh as he walked back to grab his bag so they could start for the next shot.
"Sure, the wind, not that lack of skill," she teased with a wink as she stepped past him.
"We're not all as perfect as you," he shot back, reached out to smack her ass on the way past as she giggled. They had been more playful that day like there was something in the air; they'd started out with a drink before playing which they didn't normally do and maybe that was part of it, Jessica feeling energetic and loose as they headed out on the beautiful day to play some golf. The course was quiet and they had plenty of time to enjoy themselves, mixing their banter with strikes as they made their way around.
"Maybe you should focus more on the game," she murmured, glancing back temptingly.
"It's hard when the view right here is so good," he replied.
"Learn to multitask," she countered as he followed her down the fairway. He walked deliberately behind her to watch the short, dark blue pleated skirt she had on sway side-to-side around her toned thighs, showing off her shapely legs and giving just a glimpse of her panties when it flicked up. Normally she'd wear shorts underneath for modesty reasons but she'd felt more fun and wanted to play around today so had a pair of bright pink cotton panties on instead which gave him a colourful glimpse any time she moved right.
"You're gonna need a good shot to get back on it here," she marveled, seeing his ball well off course now.
"Just take your shot, show me what you got," he said, indicating her ball.
"So you can stand back and look at my ass?" she asked.
"Sure, if I'm gonna lose I may as well get something out of it," he smiled.
"Well fine, watch my ass as I beat you," she said with a playful roll of her eyes, selecting a club and stepping up to her ball. She took a moment to set herself up then swung an excellent shot to get it straight onto the green, bouncing firmly without too much momentum to roll in close to the pin.
"Very nice," Luke commented.
"My ass, or my shot?" she joked, glancing back.
"Both, as you well know," he replied.
"Always good to hear it," she said, turning and stepping out the way. Luke went to his ball and eyed it up, knowing his shot wouldn't be so easy as it had rolled into a bit of a dip down from the edge of the fairway, just making it that bit trickier as it rested in the rough. He took his club and set his feet, eyeing it up, imagining the perfect way to make it work. He took a breath and steadied his grip before striking it cleanly, a good hit but he'd already left himself work to do from the first shot.
"Not bad," Jessica called, seeing him get it onto the edge of the green. It would leave a long putt but was a decent recovery.
"Could have been worse."
"Doesn't matter anyway, I'm done here," she smirked, stepping up with her putter. Luke just watched her take a strong stance, loving her legs as she firmly positioned herself, pushed her ass out and then putted neatly, sending her ball rolling tidily across the cropped grass to dip perfectly into the hole.
"Told you," she said, grinning as she walked over to pick up her ball. He gave her a congratulatory clap as she bent over to fish it out, making sure not to crouch and instead bending at the waist to let her skirt retreat over her peachy ass and show it off in her cute pink panties for him. Nobody else was around and she wanted to have some fun, and besides it could only put him off his game.
"Yeah yeah, I know," he said with a roll of his eyes, moving in with his own putter. Jessica just watched on as he made his long putt, missing the hole though not by much. He gave a disappointed sigh as it rolled to a stop close to the hole before walking over and tapping it home, nudging the pin as it dropped in to leave him finishing one over par.
"Bogey, could be worse," he mused, picking it up and heading bag to his clubs.
"Could be better, too," she smiled.
"I know, I know."
"Still behind me," she teased, tipping her bag onto its wheels and starting for the final hole on their game.
"There's worse places to be," he replied, watching her go as he put his putter away, sure she was swaying her hips a bit more than usual.
"You're about to get beaten by a girl, yet again," she teased as he caught up to her.
"No way, I'm gonna turn this around."
"Not a chance, Luke," she smiled, "it's not your day."
"We'll see," he replied.
"Yeah, we'll see me winning is what," she said as they stopped at the tee for the final hole.
"No way, I've got some magic here for the last hole, gonna be a cinematic victory," he said determinedly.
"You haven't been able to find the hole," she laughed, knowing the two shot lead she held would be plenty to win it on the final par three.
"I've got this," he said, his confidence irritating her.
"Well you know what, why don't you put your money where your mouth is," she said, a slight snap to her voice.
"How so?"
"A bet, if you can pull back and win this game," she said.
"What do you want? What do I have that the lovely Jessica Alba could possibly want?" he asked.
"Your car," she said after thinking for a moment.
"My car?"
"Your car, that red Mustang you love so much, I want it," she said. She knew he loved that car and had spent a lot of time on it, so taking it off him would be a kick in the teeth and really take him down a peg.
"And if I win," he said after a measured pause to consider it, "you're gonna streak around this course naked."
"Naked?" she said, heart surging as she was caught a bit by surprise.
"In your birthday suit," he said with a smirk. He'd intended it as a joke and a bit of banter more than anything and was stunned when she answered.
"Deal," she said, holding out her hand to shake on the deal. She was so sure she'd win the bet even if he did a good job on the final hole that it wouldn't matter and she'd never have to pay her end. She was gonna walk away from this with a classic Ford Mustang.
"Then let's go," he said, offering her the tee.
"Thanks," she said, finding her driver and stepping up.
"Tell me, Luke, how many girls you fucked on the back seat of that Mustang?"
"A few, why? You wanna be one of them?" he replied.
"Maybe, but I'll do that when it's my car. I'll get it all cleaned first," she said, blowing him a somewhat venomous kiss as she lined up her drive.
"We'll see," he said, watching her take position. He was quiet as she took her shot, putting her off never an option as they both wanted a clean fight despite the ribbing. She swung strongly, smacking her ball down the fairway nicely on target though it pulled a little to the left and ended up near the green but with a slightly longer shot than she was hoping for. With her skill however she had little concern of making par.
"Good start," he said, watching her walking back to him.
"Good enough. Kiss your Mustang goodbye," she smiled.
"It ain't over till it's over," he replied, swapping with her to take the tee. Jessica stood back and watched him set up, taking a few more seconds than normal as he scouted out the pin in the bright sunshine, watching the trees swaying with the breeze. He stood up, straightened his back and took his position, hands settling on the club before he pulled back for the strike. His club swung high over his head and then swept back down in a perfect arc to hit the ball cleanly and send it arcing into the air.
The tee snapped cleanly and flew down the grass a few feet as Jessica watched it soar into the air, knowing immediately it was a good drive and so did Luke, staring in joy at the quality strike. They both followed it intently, watching it land onto the green with a bounce, then another, rolling perfectly on track for the pin.
"No, no!" Jessica almost shouted as her heart rate raced, seeing what was about to happen.
"Yes baby, come on, come on!" Luke shouted with ascending volume, willing the ball to make it. They stared for a final second as it trailed to a near stop -- then dropped into the hole.
"Oh come on!" Jessica shouted in anguish as Luke leapt into the air, whooping in joy and knowing he'd made a huge step forward.
"How's that for a cinematic finish?" he said, grinning broadly as he grabbed his bag and shoved the driver back in, hoisting it onto his shoulder so he could get to the green and marvel as his incredible shot in person.
"You haven't won anything yet," she countered miserably, feeling the pressure immediately and knowing she had to stay cool. She had to finish on par to end the game on a tie, meaning neither of them got their prize.
"Heat's on, Jess," he smiled, heading down the course ahead of her as she wheeled her bag behind him. He took a moment to lift his ball from the cup and hold it up for her.
"Hole in one! You never expected that did you?" he shouted, relishing his incredible drive and fortune.
"No, but it won't matter," she replied, heading for her ball off to the side of the green. Luke walked off and tucked his ball away separately, wanting to keep it to remember his victorious moment.
"Time to shine, Jessica," he said, standing back to watch her lining up her next shot. She'd been under pressure before and knew she was fine, breathing calmly and taking her time to get ready. With a neat swish of the club the ball flew up over the crest of the green and rolled towards the pin, stopping around six feet away for what should be an easy putt to draw their round.
"I've got it," she nodded to him, steely and cool.
"All rides on this, you gotta finish this right here," he said, still smiling as she swapped over to her putted.
"No problem, I can do this in my sleep," she replied, shutting him from her mind as she stepped up onto the green and focused. He didn't disturb her, watching her legs and taking another glimpse of her panties again as the skirt fluttered in the wind, seeing how focused she was on her shot. It was the shot to tie it up and she breathed calmly and took a neat, short putt of the ball. It rolled directly towards the pin, on target, moving swiftly...a little too swiftly, as at the last moment it hooked round the rim of the hole and trickled away again.
There was silence except for the wind for a second, Alba's heart pounding as she realised what it meant. She'd missed...and lost the game, and the bet along with it.
"I thought you could do that in your sleep, Jess?" he smiled. She said nothing, just staring at the ball.
"And I must be dreaming, because you're gonna be getting naked in a minute," he grinned.
"Shut up," she said, hiding a blush as she stepped to the ball, "let me finish."
He just watched as she resumed her game and lined up the easy, very short putt. It hardly mattered now, if she made it she'd be one shot down, if she didn't and took another she'd be two. Either way she'd lost and that meant his Mustang would stay his...and he'd get to see her run about naked. Jessica easily made the short putt, the ball tricking the foot or so it needed to drop into the cup. She swiftly picked it up and headed back to her bag as he clapped for her.
"Good game, good game," he said.
"That was close, you lucky bastard," she replied, smiling to him. It was good fun there was no doubt.
"And you get to keep your car."
"And I also get to see you naked," he added immediately.
"Oh come on, we were just messing around, just a joke right," she said, trying to play it off and diffuse him immediately before it got going.
"Not a chance, you'd have wanted the Mustang wouldn't you?" he said.
"Yeah I want it, but I wouldn't have actually expected it," she said hurriedly. It wasn't true, she knew she'd have demanded the car.
"Bullshit, a deal's a deal," he said.
"Come on, no way. This place is too open, what if someone sees me?" she replied.
"That's the idea, and you took the bet."
"How about I flash you? Come on," she offered, trying to buy him with a quick look at her tits.
"No chance. We had a bet, and you lost," he said, looking at her sternly.
"I know," she replied.
"So take your clothes off," he ordered. She dropped her putted back into her bag, turning around to look at him.
"Seriously?" she asked, hoping for a last chance to back out of the bet she'd just stupidly made.
"Yeah, seriously. Hold up your end of the bargain," he smiled. Jessica gave a sigh and had a quick scout round, looking for anyone else.
"Longer you wait the more chance someone else is gonna come up here," he teased.
"Ok ok!" she snapped, irritated at losing the bet but knowing it was only her hubris to blame. She took another glance around as she grabbed her top and pulled it up over her head quickly, throwing the white cotton aside to expose her black sports bra that supported her perky tits nicely...but didn't stop her nipples poking through.
"You're the first guy to see me do this in quite a while," she commented, discounting anyone who saw it on a Hollywood set as they didn't count.
"I'm honoured," he replied, just taking in her stunning figure and tight body, muscles toned as she quickly reached down to undo her shoes. She pulled them off with her socks and then stood back up to grab her skirt, casting another look around and undoing the zip before she let it drop round her feet to reveal the pink panties she'd been teasing him with.
"Very nice, Jess," he smiled as she kicked the skirt aside, standing in just her underwear as he took in her slender figure, loving her round, firm ass and the sweet bulge of her pussy. Jessica hoped it'd be enough and he'd let her get away with just seeing her in her bra and panties, feeling the fresh breeze blow around her exposed body.
"Keep going," he said.
"Come on, this is more than you've ever seen," she argued.
"That's not the bet."
"Screw the bet, nobody else gets to see me this way," she said.
"The bet was naked," he replied.
"Come on this is plenty, aren't you pleased?" she said, jiggling herself a little as she giggled, arching her back to push her chest out.
"And you get a good look at my ass this way," she said, turning to shake her hips at him, letting him see her lovely round booty.
"Not just those little peeks up my skirt that you take," she teased, chiding him playfully.
"I'll get an even better look if you take those panties off," he smiled, pointing at the hot pink cotton.
"I think it's better when something's covered up, more mysterious," she teased, flicking the elastic of her panties.
"You'd best take them off so I can compare," he offered.
"I can do something else for you, how about it?" she tried.
"I don't want anything more than this right now," he smiled.
"You kept your car, how about I get you something for it?"
"Unless you're joining me on the back seat that's not gonna top this," he grinned.
"Pictures?"
"Nah,"
"Come on," she tried again, "you don't need to see me naked."
"No, but I want to," he smiled.
"We're friends though," she tried.
"And you lost a bet. You shook hands with me on the agreement that you'd streak naked around this golf course if I won the round," he pointed out.
"And you bet me your car, bet you wouldn't have given me it," she protested.
"How long have we been friends? You know I'm a man of my word, I'd have given you the Mustang," he said.
"This isn't fair though!" she complained.
"How isn't it? We had a deal, a straight bet, and you lost. You just got cocky," he replied.
"And you got lucky!"
"Maybe so, but the result is the same, so pay up," he ordered her.
"Not gonna let me out of this one, are you?" she said with a resigned smile and a sigh.
"Not a chance, so strip naked," he said. Jessica breathed deeply and steeled herself, knowing she was blushing as she felt the heat of her face as she reached for her sports bra.
"Quickly Jess, you've already wasted enough time," he teased.
"Don't you ever tell anyone about this," she warned, looking at him sternly then peeling her sports bra over her head to let her perky B-cup bounce free.
"Wouldn't dream of it," he replied, eyes locked onto her gorgeous tits with their firm nipples as she stripped off and threw her bra aside with her other clothes.
"And to think you're famous for no nudity clauses," he teased as she pushed her hands into her panties.
"Shut up, just...enjoy," she said quietly, unable to think of anything else as she pushed her panties down and let them drop to her feet. He watched as the thin cotton was moved and she straightened up nervously, glancing around as he took in her stunning body complete with her totally smooth, shaven pussy.
"Oh very nice," he commented as she blushed deeply.
"You keep your pussy shaved, that's hot," he said, his cock stiffening fully in his shorts as the gorgeous actress stripped naked in front of him
"Shut up, it's just how I like it," she said.
"Shave or wax?" he said, seeing how smooth she was.
"Shave," she replied.
"You do a good job then, damn that's smooth," he said, eyes locked on her pussy.
"Thanks," she muttered at the sort-of compliment.
"Now get running," he said, indicating the wide open space that was still thankfully deserted.
"What?" she blurted out, mind not keeping up, still too embarrassed.
"Come on, streak, as you bet you would," he ordered.
"Come on, go!" he said, smacking her ass hard and spurring her into action, Jessica running away from the green on her bare feet. Her toes pressed into the neatly cut grass, feeling the cool vegetation between her toes and under her heels as she ran down the fairway and into the rough. Her heart was pounding in her ears as she looked around for anyone else, hearing Luke's whistles of encouragement and fun as she, Jessica Alba, ran naked around the golf course.
He watched her round ass jiggling as she ran, working with every step of her strong legs that powered her rapidly down the fairway towards the tee, hoping nobody else saw her do it. She breathed hard as she got near then turned around, heading back to Luke, her tits bouncing hard as she ran, her slender body on full display. She knew he was taking everything in and absorbing it all, knowing he'd jerk off to the thought of it later on as she glanced around.
She realised that she was having fun though, performing for him and taking a chance, showing herself off for him and anyone else that might catch a glimpse of her. The exhibitionism was exhilarating, freeing almost as she shed her clothes and showed off for the world and despite the fear she loved it, feeling the characteristic tingle as her pussy wettened and excitement ran through her. Turned on, she slowed a little to make it last longer, for herself as much as him, smiling to him as she dropped to a walk on the last few feet towards him that gave him ample opportunity to take in every detail of her naked, shaved body.
"You seem to like this, Jess," he commented, watching her walking up to him. She was dripping wet and feeling horny, just ready to go as she approached him, not caring at that moment if anyone was watching or not. It wasn't like she had anything to be ashamed of apart from doing it in public as her body was tight and toned, in great shape and plenty of people would just be happy she was there.
"Well, it's a good bit of fun," she mused, smiling to him as she approached, his eyes roaming over her nude body to drink her in. It didn't really matter now and she was proud of how she looked, getting over the embarrassment of doing it in public. A quick scan around showed nobody else and she was thankful they'd somehow landed in this quiet time at the golf club. She realised however that Luke had grabbed her clothes and was holding them hostage, out of her reach neatly stacked behind him with little intention of giving them back.
"Come on, gimme my clothes, I've gotta get dressed," she said, pointing to them.
"No, they're mine now," he smiled.
"Give them to me, that's not fair," she complained.
"Nobody said this was fair," he smirked.
"Please, Luke, give me my clothes," she said, casting another gaze around.
"I don't want you to get dressed, I like the view how it is," he teased.
"I bet, but I can't stay like this, what if someone sees?" she said.
"There's nobody around, just enjoy it," he replied.
"Please, don't make me beg," she implored him, looking into his eyes.
"I'd quite like you to beg," he smiled.
"What, down on my knees for you?" she replied.
"Absolutely, that'd do nicely," he grinned.
"Fine," she said, flicking her brown hair back and steadying herself, making as if to get down and physically beg him. She lowered herself, then abruptly lunged forward, shoving with all the power of her legs to try and lurch past him and grab her clothes...or at least some of them.
"Hey!" he shouted, reaching down to grab her as she tried to slide past him, his hands grabbing round her body, one squeezing her firm breast as the other pulled into her slender waist to restrain her.
"No!" she cried playfully as she was denied her outfit, Luke hauling her back away from it with strength that easily overwhelmed her own. It didn't stop her though and she kicked forward, pulling against him as he restrained her, making him lurch on his feet and stumble, dropping her in the process. Jessica managed another quick grab for her clothes, almost getting them before she was pulled away and up by Luke once more, her prize slipping out of her reach as she was manhandled.
She tumbled into him and wrenched to get away but was held tightly, Luke's arms around her as she tried to break free, then shoved off her feet again to use her powerful legs. They lurched as he stumbled and them they collapsed onto the grass, Jessica giggling loudly as they fell in a scramble of limbs onto the neatly kept grounds. Jessica fell on top of him, sitting up but he grabbed her wrists before she could escape, basically riding him as she knelt on top of him.
"Luke, stop," she playfully chided, "I have to get dressed."
"No deal," he smiled, all their flirtatious frustrations coming to a head as they wrestled. He pushed her back and Jessica sat onto his cock, feeling his rock hard prick pressing up through his shorts and straight into her slick, engorged pussy. She gasped as his shape easily split her puffy, shaven lips and her clit brushed over him, making her body surge in delight for a millisecond before she lifted up again, not letting him see it.
"Well I'll have to break free!" she whispered huskily, yanking her hands off his and reaching forward but his arms locked round her back, exactly as she'd expected, to keep her in place on top of him. His hand grabbed her tit and took a shameless grope of her as his arm stayed round her back to hold her down, easily over powering her as she struggled to break free. He squeezed firmly to make her grunt before his fingers pulled back off her hard nipple, making her tingle as he felt her up.
It only helped to accentuate the wetness of her pussy, hand trailing down to push into her hips and draw her back down, switching hands to grab a good feel of her ass next and sample the result of her all her workouts. His hand pulled her ass open and with it her puffy pussy, just wet and ready though she didn't admit that to him, renewing her struggles as she got a foot under herself and pushed up again to change it up.
"No you don't," he smiled as she almost pushed away, hauled back down by a strong grip on her hips, being greeted by several hard, stinging spanks to her ass that made her cry out in pain as they spread through her. His fingers shoved between her thighs as she struggled to break away, Jessica's hands pushing at his wrists to try and break the grip before her movements shoved his fingertips over the back of her slick lips, coating him in her hot, slick juices and making her quiver.
"Fuck, you love this," he smiled, cock hardening even more if that were possible.
"Shut up, no," she hissed, looking up to hide her blush as he hauled her down on top of his cock again and his hand reached up to grab her tits again, squeezing tight at one then the other as he took advantage of his position. She might be on top but had no way to get away, grunting and groaning as he gripped at her, more spanks landing on her ass.
She took advantage of an opening however when he let his guard down, too busy feeling her up when she suddenly jolted away, breaking his grip in that moment and lurching forward towards her clothes. Unfortunately she broke free but lost her footing, toes slipping on the grass and making her stumble, leaving her vulnerable which let Luke grab her ankle and hold her back.
Jessica whined in disappointment as she was pulled back, Luke surging up and yanking her down as she kicked and fought him playfully, rolling around on the grass as he struggled to control her. He hauled her down on her side, his arm over her shoulders as he leg hooked over hers, leaving his hand free, which soon connected with her as he smacked her tits. She gasped hard as he did, not having had her tits slapped in years, the sharp sensation shocking her into stillness and almost surrender for a second.
Her perky tits bounced and shook as he rolled her onto her back more and slapped her chest, Jessica giving hard, rasping breaths as her breasts shook, his hands raining blows onto them to make her sting. She was sure there would be red marks and tried to get away again, finding her strength and kicking out, digging her toes into the grass and shoving forward to break his hold on her. She wriggled out of his grasp somewhat but he had hold of her intently, restricting the struggling actress easily with significantly more strength than her.
She succeeded in getting his grasp somewhat off her but he went with her and pulled her back, Jessica fumbling onto her front now with him behind her. His hand smacked her ass again and grabbed it for a hard grope, making her grunt then shudder as his fingers played along her slick, waiting entrance again to give away how hot she was. She loved being dominated and taken, she always had, so now it was just tingling her entire body with excitement.
He pinned her down and rolled on top of her, Jessica totally helpless under him as he held her wrist down and stopped her legs with his feet. She pushed up and tried to get out from under him, her strong thighs pushing her ass up though all that did was give him more access to her. Luke wasn't waiting any further, not wanting to miss his opportunity with her and reached down to yank his shorts out the way and free his rock hard cock.
He aimed his rock hard erection and with her perfect, though unintended, prone bone position he thrust himself forward and buried himself inside her easily in a single stroke for his second hole in one of the day. Jessica's pussy split easily around his swollen head and her body welcomed him inside her as he effortlessly drove his cock deep and pinned her down to the grass as he'd always wanted. Like so many men he'd wanted to fuck her for years and finally had the chance, groaning in pleasure as her silky smooth vagina swallowed him up.
Jessica's eyes popped open wide and she moaned loudly as he slid inside her, her soaked pussy just waiting for his penetration, body shuddering as her nerves lit up and made her tremble. He forced his hips down to get his cock as deep as possible inside her, Jessica responding by pushing her ass up for him, helping get it as far inside as she could as they both grunted with heavy breaths.
"Oh fuck, Luke..." she managed, overwhelmed as he started fucking her, slowly at first, hands moving down to pin hers to the grass. She interlocked her fingers with his as he built up speed, thrusting busily onto her hot, squeezing body, loving how intensely she hugged his cock, how hot she was around him, her slick velvet walls an absolute pleasure. Jessica groaned heavily in pleasure, so turned on and hot for him as he penetrated her, the first new man to do so in years and his cock felt heavenly.
All their sexual tension was released as they fucked, and that was what it was; not making love or some sweet affair, he was fucking, pinned down on the grass in the open at a semi public place no less but those thoughts didn't cross their mind as he started to work his hips harder, cock deep inside her, shoving right into her as her body easily took it and let him get full depth inside her as she moaned.
"Fuck, don't hold back," she gasped, wanting all of him in a fast, aggressive fuck that she was sure would satisfy them both. Her rasping grunts became louder and more intense, letting out her sensations vocally as he fucked her, pushing her ass up for him as he slammed his hips into her, squashing perfectly into her firm, round booty to bury everything he had inside the groaning actress. She squeezed and jolted around him as he penetrated her, only encouraging him to stay deeper as his cock brushed her G-spot.
She cried in pleasure to the open air as he pounded down into her, pace picking up faster, strokes short and intense as he took his chance and just let out his long restrained lust for her. His cock pulsed rock hard inside her, the hardest cock Jessica had felt in a long time as he pumped down against her most sensitive area, her slick, sweet pussy letting him slide in deep again and again as his hips reciprocated above her. Her knees dug into the grass to hold her ass up for him, legs wide as her arms stretched out in front of her.
Pinned down under his fucking and with no intention of stopping it, Jessica cried out her pleasure, getting rather loud much to his surprise. She was a screamer, something he somehow never expected of her but he loved it, loved how much she was enjoying their fuck and it spurred him to go faster and harder. He had to hold himself back but pumped her hard, wanting to make her come all over his cock. His hand pulled from hers and he grabbed her long brown hair, twisting it in his fingers before yanking it hard to make her scream.
"Fuck! Oh fuck me!" she screamed, even making him look around to check they didn't have an audience as his hips slammed into her. Her face was screwed up in sheer pleasure as she cried and screamed out her ecstasy to the world, pain of her hair being pulled mixing with the ecstatic sensations spreading from her G-spot, his cock so perfect inside her as it stroked every nerve ending and built her up. He tugged at her a few more times then abruptly shoved her head down, Jessica gasping as she was released.
"Fucking slut," he murmured, making her tingle as she loved him calling her that, knowing she was being exactly that as she fucked him. His hands hooked under her hips and he pulled her back, up into a doggy style position somewhat though she was still laid on the grass, arms out in submission until he finished with her. He leaned back and smacked her ass, making her cry out loudly again, followed by another and another as he spanked her thoroughly.
He loved watching her take it, Jessica gasping and crying out as he smacked her ass through grunts of pleasure, continuing to fuck her hard. He had her hip held tightly and pulled her back, giving her no way break away not that she was trying anyway. He gave a squeeze of her booty then his fingers played between her cheeks, making her shiver as a naughty tingle spread through her body. Her breath caught a moment as she felt a fingertip pressed at her asshole, knocking on her back door seemingly as he teased her for a moment.
She gasped loudly as it suddenly entered her, sliding deeply into her to surprise her, another sensation to mix in with the hard fucking he was giving her and the pain that still tingled her body. He probed her deeply and stretched her ass a little, making her moan at the illicit sensation while his cock still slammed into her, feeling her pussy clench tighter on him, gripping his shaft hard and helping his surge and pulse more intently.
He held his finger up her ass for a moment as he fucked her, jamming his cock inside her over and over again to make her scream again. She was just completely lost the pleasure of it all, her orgasm cranking up before she gasped as he pulled his finger out, the speed jolting her before he grabbed her hips tightly and pushed up over her. He knew what she needed and slammed down hard, pushing his cock deep and keeping it there as he hips let loose a flurry of thrusts.
"Oh fuck, fuck, I'm..." she whined, his bulging head slamming into her G-spot repeatedly with a rush of intense strokes that were the final steps to heaven for the actress. She screamed with every one until she rolled her eyes in a silent expression of ecstasy and came hard, eyes clenching shut as she shuddered intensely and inhaled deeply. Her next breath was a long, loud scream of pleasure as she shook hard, legs trying to kick out, fingernails twisting into the grass as he rode her ass all the way through.
"Yeah that's it, come on," he groaned, smiling down at her climax beneath him, loving making her orgasm as he pounded on her hard. Her grass stained knees dug into the green as she shoved against him, her pussy squeezing intently, so tight around him as he continued to drill into her hottest depths. It was more than enough to trigger him, the sensations of her body and the sheer mental stimulation of it all overwhelming him as he held out.
He fucked her hard as her orgasm faded out, ignoring her feeble pulls to get away from the intensity and hands that tried to stop him, riding her hard for several more seconds to pound his aching cock deep inside the actress he'd wanted for so long. A final burst of energy from him saw her chokingly grunt at the intensity before he suddenly pulled out, making her inhale sharply as her pussy was empty and gaping wide, completely at his mercy though as he hopped off her and shoved her over in the process, tumbling over onto her back.
Before she even knew what was happening his hand grabbed her hair and yanked her head down hard, holding her in place as his cock aggressively stroked his cock, managing a few slippery jerks before he aimed it at her face and exploded with a long, guttural groan of ecstasy. Jess managed to shut her eyes just in time for the hot load to strike her face, gasping hard as the hot come landed across her pretty face.
It was abundant and intense, his orgasm strong and sending his come bursting out in hard, fast jets that he aimed straight across her, the first across her cheek, nose and forehead before a second hit her eyelid and trailed into the front of her hair. She gasped in surprise and shock as he emptied his balls on her with many more shots hitting her cheeks, puffy lips and chin before he leaned forward and shoved his bulbous tip into her mouth for her to suck the last of it from him.
She did as he wanted, sucking firmly and tasting his salty come as it spread across her tongue, feeling the last twitches of him before his hand softened in her long hair and he gave a final strain before dropping aside, sitting down on the green beside her as he let her go.
"Jesus Christ..." he groaned, resting back on his hands as he breathed deep, his heart racing from the exertion.
"Yeah..." she agreed breathlessly, feeling her chest thumping, splayed out naked in the warm sunshine on the golf course, completely exposed with a thick load of come drying on her face. They could do nothing but recover for a minute, both breathing deeply, their hard breathing combining with the breeze and pulse in their ears before she felt very self conscious, pushing up on her elbows and opening her one free eye.
"I've got some tissues in my bag there, grab them," she ordered him, pointing back towards it as he looked over. He quickly got moving, knowing they needed to get decent, pulling his shorts back over his still semi-hard cock as he fumbled to her bag and patted down the pockets. Luckily they were easy to find and he pulled them out, quickly putting them in Jessica's outstretched hand where she got to work. She yanked one out and pressed it to her face, absorbing his load and wiping it carefully from her eye.
"Get my clothes," she ordered, glancing round in case someone had seen them. There was nobody but she could swear she heard voices on the breeze. Maybe it was just paranoia seizing her in the wake of her orgasm but she wasn't taking any chances, hurriedly grabbing another tissue and wiping her face, trying to methodically cover her skin from her forehead down to her chin as she rolled her lips to swallow any remaining load on her thick pout. The salty taste was of little concern as she threw the tissue aside, satisfied she was clean enough, grabbing her top.
Luke stood carefully keeping look out and leaving her to get it done, knowing he better not interfere at that moment as she shook the top out and hauled it over her head, foregoing her bra and simply covering herself up. She pulled it down then grabbed her skirt, flicking it over her bare feet and yanking it over her grass stained knees, cringing a little as she knew how that would look to anyone that saw her. She stood up fast, giving the course a last flash before she pulled it over her smooth, engorged pussy to gather it round her hips and fumble for the zipper.
She yanked it up breathed a sigh of relief that she was decent, flicking her panties out and reaching down to step into them. Jessica was glad he hadn't given her a cream pie for a multitude of reasons but right now primarily so it didn't leak thickly into her pink panties, pulling them up determinedly to conceal herself. She grabbed the bra along with the tissues and stepped quickly to her bag, reaching down to snatch the socks from her trainers, bundling them all together and shoving them into a pocket of her bag.
"Did you hear someone?" he said, voices on the breeze again.
"Maybe," she mumbled, knowing it wasn't such a big deal now but the thing to do was focus on getting dressed so they could make a hasty exit. She wasn't sure sticking around was the best idea even if they had got away with it so she sat down hard on the grass, grabbing her shoes and shoving her feet into them. She managed to deftly tie them, not getting into a tangle as she rapidly secured them then stood up, zipping her back shut and checking nothing was left on the grass, or her face as she swiftly checked for anything she missed.
"Fuck that was close," he said quietly as he saw someone just about come into view, the voices having been real. They'd just about got away with it as Jessica tipped her bag onto the wheels, ready to leave.
"Yeah, let's get outta here," she said, nodding back towards the clubhouse.
"Got it," he said, hefting his bag onto his shoulder and walking with her, next to her this time as they headed to the exit as if nothing had happened, the players behind them none the wiser except for some odd noises and screams they thought they heard on the bright Californian day.
Jessica trailed Luke back into the clubhouse, dropping behind him as sanity returned and she felt very self-conscious about what they'd just done. She knew she shouldn't have done it, should have made that stupid bet and even so much as entertained it given she knew how he felt about her. Sure they were friends but she should have realised he'd have gone for anything like that.
"You alright, Jess?" he asked, stopping in the car park and putting his bag down.
"Yeah, I'm good," she said, even as her mind raced.
"Look, that was..." he started but she quieted him immediately.
"Nothing, that was nothing and never happened," she said firmly.
"Nothing? You didn't like it?" he asked, a little surprised.
"Be smart, you know full well I did," she admitted, her huge orgasm giving that away as clear as day.
"But I'm married, and this never happened, got it?" she said.
"Got it," he smiled, giving her a wink.
"Good game though, great finish, you really took me, I mean it on that last hole," she said, cursing her stutter over the words.
"Yeah a great game, really tight at the end there," he smiled.
"Another one soon?" she offered. She genuinely meant golf, though she was sure he might infer something more.
"Absolutely, we'll make arrangements," he said, giving her a brief hug.
"I gotta get going now, business to attend to," she said.
"Got ya, until next time, Jess," he said, picking up his bag and heading for his car, the cherry red Mustang sitting there in the parking lot like a taunt to what she'd been blinded by...and lost.
"See ya," she murmured, turning to pull her bag to her SUV. She hauled it into the trunk and slammed it down, getting into the drivers seat and sagging back against the leather, hearing the rumble as Luke drove past in his classic V8 muscle car. She was embarrassed, she internally hated herself somewhat for what had transpired but fuck...she'd loved it, and she couldn't wait till their next game of golf.
__________
The End.
Big thanks to Ghost for helping create, plan, check and edit this story.
As usual, please send me Feedback if you have any thoughts or ideas. I like reading your feedback and suggestions, so please drop me a line.