"We have to hide Mom's bikinis."
"I doubt she even misses them."
Dakota McKellen raced upstairs ahead of her younger sister Sable. Heading home after a crazy mid-day swim and their first real touchy feely encounter with boys, mostly the boys touching them, they were torn between giddiness, and worry. Being lotioned up while sunbathing was stimulating yet gross, it was the whom that did the lotioning that bothered them. Their back property neighbor Knox Hardecker was a complete asshole. He and his less than charming friend Dip had snuck up on the girls to begin with, but in their dilemma the sisters discovered that being rubbed all over was something neither had ever experienced outside of helping one another out. Letting boys touch them seemed... curious. Uncomfortable but intriguing as well. For Dakota it was a whole lot easier because she was always willing to learn things. She was coming into that over-the-top curiosity stage. Unlike her sister she fantasized a lot more often about boys, mostly the one's she couldn't have because they were so much older than her at the time. This last year both girls blossomed out into beautiful young ladies. Their bodies were finally evolving past their mentalities. Even now, ready to turn eighteen they often behaved as if still fifteen.
It was strange, they looked just like their mother at the very same age but had managed to not be as overly sexual as Josie was. Of course, they didn't know her history like some. Mainly because their parents agreed to raise them better than Josie's parents had. They used the excuse of getting pregnant the first time as scare tactics. Long before that however Josie was getting dick right and left at fifteen, starting even earlier than that but no one ever knew. It was on her birthday that she lost her virginity. That was the only honest thing Josie had admitted to her babies. Calculating her age at the time of conception was easy enough. The girls refused to be like her and wanted to wait until eighteen at least. They were going to make it, just barely though. For Dakota at least she was beyond ready to experiment. If only her father could be talked into giving her lessons.
"I think we should confess that we borrowed them." Sable hurried to the top of their homes second level staircase where Dakota turned in a huff.
"Are you crazy? How do we explain that they got ripped from our bodies without admitting we let Knox and Dip... touch our... all of this." She spins her fingers in circles over her body. "Let alone that they saw us nakie. Which I kind of liked."
"I did too. If it just wasn't Knox and Dip. Travis did too." Sable smiled brightly; they switched expressions once Dakota winced.
"What happened to ewwwwwwww, Travis?"
"He's not as gross as..."
"He jerked that... thing... off in front of us Sable. On us even." She suddenly expressed dry heaves and resisted hurling. "All yours."
"I know... wasn't it cool?" She again altered her persona from a scowl to another sheepish grin. "I have a confession. I saw Travis do that on his balcony too. I know he shot off then too. I couldn't resist watching." Nope! Not going to admit Knox and Dip saw her naked in her bedroom before all the chaos next door happened. As much of an asshole as Knox was, at least he was cute. Dudley Poole however was skinny with acne, so gross. Still, the lotion massage was nice at first until realization set in that they wanted to make it dirty. Dakota might have been okay with that, but not Sable. Cuter boys, maybe!
"You're stupid."
"We're stupid. We fell for his drowning scam. We were... really close to touching his... thingy."
"Close? Sable, it touched our butts while we attempted CPR. Stupid isn't the word, we're freaking braindead. We fell for Trav's scam."
"My nip nips were on his chest when I was looking for his heartbeat." Sable tried not to smile but found it hard not to. Dakota merely frowned with a worried expression. Hers had too.
"You DO like Travis. I can tell."
"No, I don't!"
"Whatever! Let's just put mom's bikinis back where we got them and hope she doesn't notice."
"She's going to be wearing a bikini tonight to Piper's probably."
"Not one of these. At least I don't think so. She's not that bold around you and I."
"Are you listening to yourself Dakota? Mom and Piper... with all those moving guys..."
"That was different, she didn't know we were spying. And technically we only heard mom. Those black guys standing on the bed in the window made it hard to see past them. I mean we saw Piper so if mom was getting the same... how do they do that? It has to hurt having a weenie in every... hole." All Sable could do was stare without blinking and attempt to process it all. She did however hover a hand over her butt and shiver. Sable didn't even like touching her booboo. That's what she called her anus. The girls often used cute codewords rather than the real classification.
Following Dakota into their parents' bedroom they ended up in their massive shared walk-in closet. Carefully hanging them up and hiding them amongst the dozens of other bikinis they felt a sense of relief. They would fess up only if their mother would confront them. While taking time to sift through Josie's other mass of clothing on hangers, neither heard the front door open up. Whistling was their only alert as to someone being in the house. Panic setting in they begin to run out but knew by the footfalls coming up the stairs that they didn't have enough time to avoid being caught in leaving the bedroom. No clothing on having ran from next door naked and laughing over it they had their clothing with them but no time to change without making a racket.
In a swift retreat back into the closet Dakota ushered Sable to kneel and crawl in behind their father's lower hanging clothes, far enough back not to be visibly seen unless specifically locking eyes on kneecaps touching the floor. Whispering together side by side, Dakota clamped her palm over Sable's mouth. "Daddy will probably go back to his office in a minute then we can escape."
Not in the cards. Henry McKellen shut and locked his bedroom door behind him. Sniffing his armpits as he took off his shirt, he considered himself ripe. Not horrible after just a meeting with his boss Amanda and the addition of his unexpected new design partner Tessa Harper he could have gone without showering. What bothered him was the stank on his dick from Amanda's blowjob. He had a hint of semen scent, not to mention perfume smell from both women after their snuggling up on him in the viewing room.
"I better shower." He thought, "Even though Josie and I are agreeing to let one another play when we want to, I'm just not ready for her to question my odor. I've got three hours before school's out to freshen up and head over to Piper's to get the grill fired up. She was just getting home from the store when I pulled into the driveway. I'll give her time to put the groceries away and send the girls home from swimming." He presumed by the silence in the house that he was all alone. "This is going to be a test my inviting Tessa over for the cookout. I guess it's time to see if the wife has a jealous bone in her body."
Even in hiding the girls were witness to their father stripping out of his clothes near his bed, unable to breath at seeing him this close and naked. Butt at first until he bent over forward to remove his underwear, then the twins were privy to a dangling monstrosity and huge balls between his legs divide. Sitting on his bed to remove his socks he faced the closet dead on his dick erect and proud. His penis at nine inches and really thick it got in his way a little in removing the black socks on his feet. Totally nude now he stood up tall and stretched vividly clueless as to his voyeurs and even stroked his cock a bit. Dakota was drooling all over herself, Sable cringing in fear of being caught. Ready for his shower Henry marched into his ensuite and fires up the two-body shower stall. While letting the water warm up the girls thought they could make their move but just as they crawled out and stood to check for safety they found Henry back in his bedroom, dick swinging with majesty, quite erect at thinking of cute Tessa in a leopard print bikini for the cookout, if she was true to her word.
While envisioning the 19-year old's perfect little body he wondered something. Grinning from ear-to-ear Henry grabbed his dirty clothes to place in the closet hamper. Seeing their father naked slowed the girls up from once again hiding. Dakota especially made it appear as if keeping an eye while Sable returned to her hiding spot. Nibbling her nail at seeing her dad's enormous cock Dakota waited until she had no choice but to hurry and join Sable behind their bundle of manly hanging shirts. If Henry had paid better attention, he might have seen hangers of clothing swaying on the bottom level.
Jaws dropped as Henry entered the closet mere feet from their concealment. Dirty clothes stashed away in the hamper Henry went over to his wife's bikini hideaway and sifted through the dozens of hung-up swimwear. Locating what he was looking for to begin with his knuckle brushed over one of the micro bikini's the girls had worn, it was still faintly damp. Scowling with suspicion he wondered if maybe the girls were home and napping in their rooms.
Shrugging at the possibility they had worn one he looked it over and winced, "God I hope they weren't that stupid. These things don't have enough material to hide anything. I'm definitely not going to tell Josie if they did, I don't want drama tonight. My girls are growing up way too fast. Living next to Piper is going to go so bad concerning them. Not only that, but their seeing their mother get gangbanged has their brains on overdrive, I'm sure. We still haven't officially had a talk with them over that."
Bringing out the bikini he selected for Josie it too was leopard print. "Oh, this is going to be good. My wife and my young protégé wearing all kitty cat at the same time. It's going to be hard not laughing my ass off." Hanging it across some of her other clothes for later, he turned to face his own side of the closet, "Might as well figure out what I'm wearing too. Stepping closer to his own arsenal of attire he chose a pair of black and green trunks to swim in.
While up close to his clothes he literally stood in front of his trembling daughters. They were frozen in time at seeing their father's dick this up close. Jaws wide with awe while observing a rock-solid boner right before their eyes thinking of Tessa and Josie as feuding felines without either knowing had stimulated him. Dakota huddled up cheek to cheek with Sable to share in her trembling nerves. Dad was so close to their faces he could almost touch them with his cock. Dakota found it sexy but hid her expression, not that Sable noticed, her eyes were affixed on him.
"Maybe the white polo?" He stretched a bit to retrieve it from a higher hanger then paused indecisively. In moving into tiptoe territory his dick pressed even closer, his legs brushing the clothing inwardly against the girls. Dakota covered her sister's eyes as it could have easily touched her lips. "Naaa! Black trunks need a darker shirt to match better. I'll try on the dark grey one with the trunks after my shower. Selecting it he also noticed a navy blue and lifted to procure it as well. Easing closer amid his lower shirts his body presses them inwardly even further. Terrified to move Dakota's jaw opened as wide as it could fearing his dick would touch her face if she didn't. The gap of her wide opened mouth allowed just enough space to avoid his dick sliding across her lips and nose. A bizarre twist her mouth was right around the tip of his bulbous crown. She had to open her jaws wider than she ever had before just to avoid her lips touch his cock. Terrified to move, breath, a faint exhale of warm air left her to flow across his urethra. "Damn! It's almost as if I can still feel Amanda Pruitt's mouth around my cock. Fuck, I might need to beat off in the shower thinking like this."
Sable wanting to see cautiously removes Dakota's hands and realizes that all her sister had to do was close her outstretched lips and she would have her father's dick in her mouth. Eyes bulging at her Sable winced at Dakota worried she couldn't keep her jaw that wide for long. Not only that but she could tell Dakota was holding her breath afraid to exhale and warn their father of their intrusion. This was too much. Sable had to examine her father's shaft from the side, seeing the veins and actually smelling him at her close proximity, her own lips at an angle nearly touched his shaft from the side. Unable to breath herself she almost wheezed. Just as quickly as it all happened Henry backed away and turned to leave the closet.
Watching his tight ass walk off the girls knelt stunned. Dakota's mouth was still wide until Sable lifted her chin to close it. "Oh my God!" Sable whispered, "That was close."
"You think?" Dakota wiped her chin of escaping drool after being opened so long. "I nearly..."
"Don't say it." Sable nervously fanned her knees, "We have to get out of here before he catches us."
"Wait until we hear the shower door close." Listening intently, they heard his cell phone ring. Knowing his hot water was being abused he grabbed his cell and went in long enough to shut the faucets off but got distracted. He needed to take the call so just left it running.
"Hey, Tessa." He walked back into his bedroom just as the girls started to ease from their hiding place. Trapped again they slinked back into hiding but could look straight out the closet door to find Henry sitting on the foot of their parents' bed. He was even fondling his cock while talking. Who was this, Tessa? The girls shrugged at each other and eavesdropped.
"Hi Henry. Sorry, if I'm bothering you."
"No apology needed. You still coming?"
"Mmmm! I love it when you talk dirty."
"You don't even know me." He chuckles. "So, what's up? Besides me."
"Rock hard thinking of Amanda's mouth?" She giggled.
"That was pretty unexpected that's for sure." He thought of that crazy sensation in the closet and looked into the dank room at far too many outfits. Both he and Josie sharing the walk-in closet it was packed. "More like what I didn't get from the other side of the world maybe." Hint! Hint!
"Slow down before I break out my vibrator." She laughs, "Listen, why I called... I was thinking about Frisque. Your girl Emma you say was altered to resemble your neighbor, right?"
"That's correct, she's pretty fucking hot."
"Okay, if I'm her niece I say we just go full on incest between Aunt and me, I mean the niece."
"Ah! So, you want my neighbor. I can't fault you on that." He chuckled.
"We need all the inspiration we can muster to juice up your game Henry. I say we go all out. You've pretty much used everyone you know in this series in some fashion, right?"
"Yeah, well not everyone. My wife is used in there as the main character's ex. I've alluded to them having kids together but never actually shown them. Too creepy I guess."
"Right! Daughter's, correct? I remember the episode where your new girl Emma and your character Mark discussed them when you first met at that bar. Maybe you should include the daughters. Have them come live with Mark. The niece can bond with them. Pique their curiosity for future episodes."
"I don't know, that's a little too close to home. I can't imagine my daughters included in my game."
In the closet Sable whispers, "Daddy wants to put us in some war game?" She was still thinking of an Army RPG she had seen her father tinker with.
"No dummy. His real game, Frisky remember?" Dakota recalled hearing the term, "It's adult, that's why we don't know about it. He thinks of us as kids still."
"Our birthday's in under two weeks. So not babies."
"I know, right."
Henry mulled it over but withheld any final commitment to it, "I'll think on it. So... Tessa...what are you wearing?"
"That's so cliché, "She giggled, "Bra and panties currently. I do my best gaming in my undies or less. Teal green if you must know."
"You know I must."
"What about you? Let me guess boxers."
"Nope. Clown suit." He laughed, the twins finding it bizarre that he was acting so flirty. "Totally nude.' He confided.
"Mmm! I've only seen that stud horse, I bet you have a really nice body, if Mark is any indication."
"Pretty much exactly like me. Hairy chest, big balls, firm abs, just nothing to brag about I guess."
"Face time me. Let me see all of you."
"I need to get my shower, water's still running. Hang on let me shut the water off." He crawls from his bed and ventures into the bathroom and shuts his steamed-up shower down. While in there the twins decided to attempt making another move to escape. Easing from concealment they stand up cautiously preparing to head for his bedroom door. Before they could they found Henry hurrying back to his bed. Back into hiding they went. He never had a clue of their presence.
Flopping on the bed he stretched out and activated his Facetime mode which brought up an accepted visual of Tessa at her desk, indeed wearing a teal-colored bra that was pretty much transparent outside of a borderline of embroidered lace at the top. Half of both areolas were seen above the lace.
"See? Teal." She sat back in her seat and showed off an amazing set of 36C's.
"Nice. My turn." He panned his cell over his entire body sharing his hairy physique, including a monster erection.
"Hey, I remember him. You should cum for me Henry."
"Only if you join me."
"I can do that. Toy or fingers?" She grins sheepishly, reaching to her right for a sizable dildo to show off. "This is InMe Henry." She laughed. "Not really, I call him Gangsta."
"Fingers. I want to see it get more personal."
Dakota and Sable were in awe of having to watch their father plan out phone sex. Dakota enjoyed it more than Sable. She blushed heavily and hid her eyes more behind her father's shirts. The longer they sat there the harder it became not to watch. Their dad was putting on one hell of a grunt fest. His cock was large, and one hand didn't mask much of it. The twins got their second sample of a guy jerking off in one day. Sable pictured Travis jerking off earlier, she began grinning at her sister. Dakota in return smiled back with an expression of "I can't believe we're seeing this."
"Sit on that big boy Tessa." Henry growled as Tessa stood up after poising her camera to remove her bra and panties. Seconds later she brought her cell down to get a close up of her double-digit pussy penetration. Turning his speaker up on his cell he could hear her shrill moans better. If he could, the twins could.
"I would if I were there. God! I'm so wet. Can you hear my fingers sloshing when I push inward?"
"Imagine how much louder that would sound with this dick ramming that pink cunt of yours."
"God... yessssssss! I hope you really want that. I know I do."
"We'll see. I am happily married." He chuckled. He had every intention of destroying that little blond bitch when the time was right. "Finger that ass." He barked. In the closet Dakota heard his command and awkwardly touched her own bottom then winced, "Ewww!" She had never in her life pondered placing a finger in her butthole. How could her father even want that from a woman?
"Do you think he tells mom to do that?" Sable whispered carefully.
"I don't want to know."
Henry continued his rapid jerking while prompting further thoughts on Tessa's fingers in both holes. "Want this big dick up that ass Miss Harper?"
"YESSSSSSSSSSS! FUCK YES. HIT IT BOY!"
Again, the twins thought of something as huge as their father's beefy crown being stuck up anyone's ass. Dakota whimpered; it was almost as if she could feel it... a phantom limb so to speak. Sable merely pouted, "No way I'd let a boy do that to me." Dakota agreed in actions but found it intriguing none the less.
For another ten minutes they sat through the phone call until they saw their father shoot cum straight up into the air, falling back to land on his hairy abs. "OH MY GOSH!" Both girls huffed clinging to one another for emotional support. Three more shots skyward made them giddy but biting their lips to contain the notion of squealing. Hearing Tessa scream only added to their amazement.
"Damn! That was intense." He laughed, "Nice squirt."
"I always squirt heavily. I should have grabbed a towel." Tessa replied showing him her stained carpet below her feet. Lifting the camera to her face she fanned her features. Suddenly, behind her stepped another blond girl, this one topless with definitely enhanced tits. She handed Tessa a towel then bent over the camera smiling and fluttering her fingers. A wink at Henry before licking Tessa's cheek then her fingers one by one suckling them of her wetness. "Thanks, Svetty."
"Who might this be?" He asked.
"I am Svetlana." The girl leaned over Tessa's shoulder, cheek to hair.
"Russian? Nice."
Tessa hugged the other blond cheek to cheek grinning, "Threesome next time? She's, my girlfriend."
"No shit?"
"Yep! Exchange student. Lived at my parents' home until I moved out. She's my lover now. Trust me Henry I like dick too."
"As do I." Svetlana winks at him, then relates more in her thick Soviet accent. "Much dick preferred. You have very big dick my baby's boss. Svetty want!"
"Nice to know. You still coming to the cookout?" He asked Tessa.
"Are you sure you want me there? Your wife and kids... and Emma?" She used Piper's RPG name to identify her. Dakota and Sable both whispered, "Who's Emma?" They should have listened better, of course most of the times Emma had been mentioned it was through Tessa.
"Just get over here. Leopard remember!"
"I remember Lion Tamer."
"Svetlana's welcome too."
The Russian beauty sighed, "I have classes. As you say... rainchick?" She then made hand gestures as if stroking a cock his size and extended her tongue as if accepting his rain. "Love precipitation."
"That's raincheck, but close enough." He laughed. "Let me go clean up. See you in an hour and a half?"
"I'll be there, already programing your address into my GPS."
"We can talk more over at Piper's. Ummmm? When you meet my girls... don't talk about Frisque'. They think I'm designing a Gears of War kind of game."
"What's that game called?" She giggled.
"Tread Carefully." He chuckled, "Tanks for asking."
"Oh my God! Too funny. Sure Man! No problem, get it? Sherman as in tank?"
"Keep your night job."
"Bye." She rolled her eyes while Svetlana blew him a kiss. Call severed Henry sat up in a hurry and started for the bathroom then paused.
"I wonder if I still have that camouflaged tank top?" Vocal about it he marched back toward his closet. The girls panicked at his return trying to ease back further into the shadows, the wall preventing distance. It was then that Sable noticed something, the tank was hanging right next to her. Jaw dropping, she saw her father searching higher instead. Dakota realizing the tank top was so close pinched it and pulled it from its hanger and hid it behind her. He wasn't going to find it. Again, his dick was right up close, so close they could have touched it without even stretching to reach it. His penis still trickling cum had their eyes affixed upon it. With a growl Henry nurtured his beast without care of staining clothing to circulate any final droplets then gave up, pausing before he headed for the shower. A few new shots of jizz flew right over Dakota's brow. She went cross-eyed looking up at his squirting urethra. "Fuck! Now that Russian makes me want to beat off all over again."
Standing there with his head tilted back and eyelids closed he destroyed his cock. Existing droplets splattering Sable now the twins were simply so affixed on his up-close masturbation they couldn't blink. Let alone look at one another. The wall behind them there was no retreat. Three breathless minutes later Henry fires another massive load. Dakota thinking of her sister nudged her over and took the full force of his milky nut in the face. Her lips open much of it went right into her mouth.
Trying not to choke she palmed her gaping mouth and got cum all over her entire hand. Finalized firepower now pelted her knuckles. "FUCK THAT FELT GOOD!" He wagged his cock less than an inch from her nose. Daring herself Dakota removed her hand and used it to push Sable away by palming her left profile, cum smearing all over her sister's cheek. In her dare to herself Dakota puckered and leaned in lightly kissing his crown. Henry didn't even react toward the barely felt pressure of her succulent pucker molding around the urethra. Sable nearly pissed on the carpet.
Sighing at his savage hunger Henry cracked his back and headed for the bathroom. Once the water began and hearing the glass door shut behind him, the girls looked at one another's sticky puddled up faces and shivered. Only mouthing the words "OH MY GOD!" they sat there comprehending what just happened. It took two minutes to seek reality before they made their move, crawling out from his clustered wardrobe. On their hands and knees both girls found their palms wet from fallen cum drops. "Ewww!" became their shared response quickly rubbing it off on their earlier worn clothing. Dakota took his tank and hung it back up but where he could easily see it. He would just presume he overlooked it. Tiptoeing out the girls went into Sable's bedroom to talk.
"I can't believe daddy did that in front of us."
"It wasn't like he knew we were there dope." Dakota chuckled, "Remind you of Traveling Travis?" Dakota showed her thin puddles of savored cum on her tongue. "It's not bad. Kind of like spearmint gum." She then chuckled, "Spearmint cum!"
"Stop that." Sable giggled nudging her sister's shoulder then wiping her face where Dakota had palmed her. Wincing she licked her wet finger which brought out a brilliant smile. "It does taste minty." A further sampling neither of Henry's daughters wasted a drop. They were oddly proud of the fact. "I can't help it I think he's cute."
"I think daddy is really sexy too."
I mean Travis."
"Oh, hell no! You can have him. I have my eyes set on Angus at school. Well, and daddy. Don't judge me."
"You are stupid. We can't... you can't chase daddy. You can't even go after Angus. He wouldn't even give you the time of day he's a jock. Robin Banks has him wrapped around her pinky."
"What's Banks have that I don't?"
"Four pompoms." Sable snickered lifting her tits in a juggle, "Cheerleader with bigger boobs than you."
"So! I know boys look at my boobs too. When we wear these halters to school we'll be noticed more. Besides you're the one who always wanted to be a cheerleader."
"This is our senior year, that dream is over. I could never move like they do I'm a klutz. Their dance routines are just too dirty." She then primps at her halter top in her hand, "I'm afraid to wear this." Sable pinches the sides of her halter, "They can see... the sides of my boobies."
"Isn't that the point?"
"If mom catches us in the hallway, we'll be bent over Daddy's knee again."
"Then I hope I get punished." Dakota giggled, "I so wanted spanked by him again. You worry too much." Dakota fondly recalled her last tour over her father's knee last spring. That time seemed to be more... intimate... considering her wearing a one-piece bathing suit even back then. Even Sable saw the glint in her sister's eye.
"You like being spanked by daddy. I can tell."
"I can't help it. I want daddy. Especially now that I know how delicious his milky stuff is. I bet mom can't get enough of it." Dakota couldn't hide her grin any longer, "You did too. Don't lie to me. I remember you smiling when daddy made me watch you get spanked too."
"Not as much as you did. It... I... felt weird when he spanked my butt. Usually, he does it when we're wearing shorts or something. Our bathing suits showed off more of... our butts... cheekies were hanging out."
"Did you even notice Daddy... had a..." She used her finger as if an erection growing, "...when he spanked us? Even last year."
"Noooooooo! He didn't... did he?" She tried to recall that day then expressed awe, "Oh gosh! He did have a big finger."
"Yep! We can't let on that we notice though or he might get really mad. Let's just keep everything we've seen to ourselves."
"Right! That might be bad. So, who's this Tessa girl? Why was Daddy on the phone doing... that with her?"
"I don't know. We can't ask or he'll know. He invited her to the cookout so we can feel her out... the situation I mean... not her." Dakota giggled, "You know what I'm trying to say."
"She sounded young. I wonder what mom will think about her?"
"Mom treats daddy horribly. We both know that she's... cheating on daddy. It's all over school that she's seeing Coach Crandell. If Daddy is having an affair, can we blame him?"
"I guess not. Why are our parents so messed up?"
"As if we're not getting there ourselves." Dakota laughed, "What did we just watch? What did we just... do thinking Travis was drowning? What did we allow Knox and Dip to do to us."
"We even let Knox and Dip... WHAT WERE WE THINKING?" Sable palmed the sides of her face with a look of horror.
"It wasn't that bad. I kind of liked being oiled up."
"It was... fun." Sable relaxed, now nibbling a nail, "We should get ready for the cookout. Daddy will be ready before we are."
"Right! What are we wearing?"
"One-piece swimsuits so we don't get yelled at?"
"No way! I'm wearing my green bikini."
"White shorts over it? I'll wear mine too."
"Don't go green like me, let's be different for once."
"Okay! I'll wear my black and yellow bikini. White button-down shorts though."
"No matching shirts."
"I'll find something."
Dakota left Sable's bedroom for her own and decided to take a competing shower to freshen up a bit. Sable shut and locked her bedroom door, standing there naked, temptation leading her to her bedroom window. Peeking through her curtain she spotted Travis in his bedroom looking through his telescope. Eyes flaring, she opened her curtains wide and let him see her naked yet again. He nearly knocked his telescope over seeing her. Both waving at one another they couldn't stop grinning.
Finally, Sable paused him with a finger then went to her desk for a piece of art paper. Using a black marker she wrote, "Are you and your mom coming to the cookout?" Showing it, he gave her an iffy hand motion, then a shrug. Pouting she whined, "Nooo! You have to come." It was then that she touched her body feeling sticky areas where her father had jizzed on her earlier. "I better shower too." With a final wave Sable hit her own shower stall, she was lucky enough to have her own tiny ensuite. All she could hope for was that Travis himself at least would drop over. She had butterflies in her tummy. Hearts in her eyes. Fingers... where they shouldn't have been. At least in her naïve young mind. Being a virgin sucked.
********
Next door at Piper Cherry's... after putting her groceries away...
"Hey, Sis! Just calling you back."
"It took you long enough." Mona Cherry-Belmont, Piper's older sister sighed, giving her baby sister a hard time. It was just her being playful.
"Yeah, I know. I went grocery shopping. Piggly Wiggly can you believe it? Weeeeeeee Weeeeeeeeeee!" Piper mocked the Geico commercial for shits and giggles, "I invited my new neighbors over for a welcome me to the neighborhood cookout."
"That was fast. Did you get all moved in and settled?"
"Still unpacking, but the rest of the house is set up and livable. How's Mace and Monet?"
"Monet is doing well. God is good to her."
"Grampa you mean?"
"Dad is paying for everything yes. Including her seminary school tuition. He adores his grandkids."
"Still whining because I haven't given him a grandbaby?"
"We both know you will never have children. Thankfully you and Davon..."
"Stop right there Mona. I do not want to even talk about my ex."
"Sorry, I know that's a tender subject. Have you heard from him since he was sent away?"
"What part of not talking about him didn't you get?"
"I was only... you're right, it's better to forget him."
"Not forget, just overlook the past. Anyway, how is my puppy?"
"Eating me out of house and home."
"What are you talking about? I bought enough dog food for a month before I left Atlanta."
"Rotten has been an angel. Mace has even trained him to fetch, believe it or not he does it perfectly every time."
"Awwwww! And Mommy missed his first retrieval, darn it."
"Mace offered to drive Rotten to Nashville on Saturday if you can make time."
"Always! Why is Mace being so nice to me suddenly?"
"Dad bought him a new truck for his nineteenth birthday. He wants to get out of Atlanta for a drive."
"New truck, huh? Isn't it funny dad never bought you and I any new car? Bree at least got a Big Wheel."
"As if he needed to. You know Rex has more money than dad ever will owning the stables. He just wants to spoil his grandkids."
"Senator Lane Cherry poorer than your hubby, too funny. I guess that means Rex and you can buy Mace his own private island then."
"I wouldn't go that far." Mona giggled, "He has asked about his own condo though. We're undecided. Rex wants him to earn his own money without our influence."
"Good for Rex."
"I know. We really do try to keep our children grounded."
"Unlike how dad used to ground us if we didn't curtsey around guests when we were kids?"
"That was more of mom's doing. She wanted us to be perfect ladies." There was a pin drop pause before both sisters shared a hysterical laugh. "Well, one of us succeeded."
"You got that right. Once I went to college anything mom and dad wanted me to be, got tossed out the window with my virginity at camp. From college directly into pompom princess for the Falcons. Dad nearly blew a gasket when I told him I made the cut."
"Even more so when you started dating a bl-- you know where I was going there... I know you asked me to not mention him. Sorry Pip."
"He was a part of all our lives in some fashion. In the beginning things were incredible, money, travel, sex, he treated me like a goddess. To this day I just don't understand how I missed any signs as to what he was planning. He definitely protected me from knowing anything to the bitter end. Even afterwards once the shock let up it felt... I have to stop there or I'm going to cry Mona. Guests coming, I don't want them to see me emotional."
"I understand... so is Saturday alright for Mace to bring Rotten to Nashville?"
"Absolutely! I need my baby back home. He's... all I have these days."
"You should have Mace continue training Rotten. He not only fetches, but he also rolls over and sits too."
"He sat when I told him too. Where is Mace getting all this energy to train Rotten? Doesn't he have a girlfriend?"
"He did, Delaney went off to college in South Carolina. They... took a break I think."
"Ah! Famous last words. Tell Mace I'll cover his gas, he can stay a few days even if he likes."
"Getting away from Atlanta would be good for him. With you being so new to Nashville maybe take yourselves sightseeing. Go to Blake Shelton's club I hear it's quite nice."
"You know I'm not into Country." Piper giggles, "Just Country boys. At least I think so, I haven't bedded any down yet."
"Making up for lost time?"
"You know it. I'm never getting tied down again, unless there's ropes and bedposts involved."
"Oh lord! I cannot even recall those days. Rex doesn't even tie his shoes; he wears the slip-on kind." Boots! "As his own boss he barely wears pants except to the office."
"At least you married a stud with money to match. That's the one thing I'll admit, your man is fine for 50."
"He works out, personal trainers, same as I do."
"Question is... does his trainer have pecs or silicone?"
"Ginger is married."
"So is he. Does that mean anything, anymore?" Piper hid the fact that her sister's husband even drooled over Piper when they were around one another.
"It better, there was no prenup signed." Mona laughs, "He won't be holding his horses long if I catch wind he's cheated."
"Oh, he won't lose ReBelle and his racehorses. I doubt you need to worry." Big time! Not ratting him out. Mona would have a nervous breakdown.
"I don't believe so either. If anything, he's addicted to porn. I feel secure."
"SHIT!" Piper hissed.
"What's wrong?"
"I have a Security system being installed Saturday too. I'll have to stick around until that gets set up. Whole house is getting cameras, being rich I want to know what's going on when I'm not around. That, and I don't want Rotten tearing things up. I have it planned to activate a recording of my voice if too much motion sets off my cell letting me know of intruders or Rotten shredding the place."
"He hasn't chewed up anything of ours. You could always invest in a cage."
"No way. I'm not pinning him up like some... well, animal."
"He is an animal Pip."
"No, he's, my baby. No crib! I'll test the waters, maybe Mace can work with him as you say. It sounds as if he prefers training dogs over horses like I'm sure Rex might want from him."
"Mace loves animals in general. So, do you if memory serves."
"I love riding, especially when dad used to take us to Wyoming on vacation. We should plan a trip just us girls sometime."
"Oh, now that sounds delightful. I'm so in."
"Let me get settled here, new life and all, we can plan for something in the Spring."
"Perfect! I'll have Mace call you when he's on his way."
"Works for me. Love you, Sis. Tell Monet good luck in SEMENary school."
"I'm driving her there in the morning. Say a prayer for the school." She laughed knowing her daughter well. Monet Belmont was her Aunt Piper reborn. Nympho for God! Go figure! "Love you too. Behave yourself."
"Zero chances of that."
"How well I know."
Call ended Piper wondered if she should change out of her tank top and stretchy shorts. A simple compromise she just put on some bikini bottoms and kept the tank. She wasn't going to get too dressy for any cookout, besides impressions were already made, even the McKellen twins knew what kind of person she was. Why show them any different?
Speaking of showing... without any curtains or blinds in her new home she was an easy target for young Travis, his home facing her pool, her bedroom facing his home. Looking out the window she found him glued to his telescope peeping on... "Wait a minute... he's targeting Henry and Josie's house. Oh, hell no! Now, I'm jealous." Not really, Piper just had to snicker about it.
"Seeing as Josie's still at work he must be spying on the girls. That cad! I can so imagine the little pervert checking out the girls while they were swimming." If only she knew. Off to her kitchen she let her steaks thaw in the sink. A bit more unpacking kept her busy, what few culinary supplies she still hadn't put away.
Hearing her cell ping she pranced, almost danced back into the living room where she left her phone. Finding a text from Josie she created a whistling expression, "I had a talk with Carl. He wants to meet with you soon. He knows you just moved in so I think he's just giving you room to breathe before an interview. I'm excited for you." Once read in her thoughts Piper wrote back, "He's the one who should be excited. Wait until he sees what I'll be wearing. So, against code."
A reply back sounded worried, "Too much too soon might hurt your chances. Carl's tough."
"I'll tenderize him like the steaks going on my grill. Don't sweat that sweet little ass my new Bestie, I have the counselling job in the bag and Carl in the sack. LOL!"
"He's happily married, I wouldn't push that. Although, I did just show him my panties earlier. I'm such a tease. He took that very well. LOL!"
"Well, now!" Piper puckered, lifting her brows with interest then texted back, "If he can deal with seeing you in undies at work, he can't be that tough. Drill Sargent or not. I ran into his son Jesse again at Piggly Wiggly. Oh, I showed Jesse my tits so I'm one up on you Panty Ho! Two up he took a nude pic of me." She didn't let on that his hands were all over them, when she lifted her tank top.
"That's it? He saw those the day he delivered coffee."
"How often has Carl seen... you?"
"Never naked. Although the school does have a very good surveillance system in 80% of the school." Josie continued, "Panties twice ever. He knows I'm fucking Roman; he's staying out of our fling."
"Wait until Carl gets a load of me, or is that me getting a load from Carl? LOL!" Piper was giggling, flopping back into her couch feet up on her coffee table. While awaiting another text she looked out her back window and up at Travis, his telescope now trained on Piper again, "About time Snoopy."
She actually liked being his fetish, it was only eyes anyway. She knew his age prevented anything more. Not that he had much longer to wait for adulthood. Like the McKellen twins his birthday was mere weeks away. Pondering the whole birthday thing she smiled, "Party planner Piper."
It was something worth discussing with her new friends to make a good impression on the girls, Travis easily invited. Loyalty meant everything to Piper, unless it involved men. Men were definitely her weakness, that and having her toes sucked on, that was her kryptonite. Complete and total paralysis when she was treated to that.
"Dream on Bestie. Am I really your new Bestie? I like the sound of that, I've never been anyone's Bestie before that I'm aware of." Josie on her end was feeling an intense closeness to Piper, this next reply would crush or confirm her devotion.
"That's an awful lot of Bestie's in one text. LOL! Hell yes, I'm proud to be your new Bestie." Piper made Josie's day.
"YESSSSSSSSSS!" Josie danced in step, students coming into her classroom amused by her unusual display, being boys Josie took her dance moves in another direction and threw her hands over her head to seductively pivot her hips like a stripper. Her performance ending with a round of shared laughs she lowered her hand to finish her conversation before the bell. "I'm glad you feel that way. My heart is racing now. Thank you, Piper."
"See you in a couple hours. Oh, and dress for swimming."
"I'll have to wear something less revealing because of my girls."
"Why? Two weeks if I recall they're 18. That's close enough to be your real self, Lover."
"I don't know. I... hold on I just got a text from Henry." Sending it she switches over to look at Henry's text finding a photograph of her leopard print bikini hanging in her closet, his text reading, "Purrrfect?" Grinning she text back, "Someone wants some pussy tonight." following that with her return to text Piper, "Henry wants me to wear my leopard pattern bikini, that's revealing enough for tonight. My class is filling up I'll see you soon. MWAH!"
"LICKS!!" Was Piper's reply, Josie was getting way too wet to reply further. She wanted to touch herself as it was. Being her last class of the day, she just might do that, from behind her desk. Guaranteed!
********
After sending his text to his wife Josie, Henry got dressed while awaiting her response. Once he got the "Someone wants pussy tonight." He finished their brief connection with, "MeeeYOU!", his version of meow. Of course, his earlier phone sex with Tessa Harper had gotten his juices flowing, going over to Piper's he knew very well that the stimulation was going to continue. What worried him was how Josie was going to react to his inviting Tessa, she too wearing leopard print. He hoped the claws would not come out the wrong way, knowing his wife well enough to understand she wouldn't fight merely growl. He probably should have warned Josie that he invited Tessa. Yet, in his mind he knew his wife had nothing to say considering they discussed an open marriage going forward. It was going to be interesting. Time to get dressed.
"There's that camo tank." He plucks it from its hanger strategically place for him to find. Checking himself out in a mirror, he lifts his arm to look beneath his pit to his exposed rib cage. "Much cooler. Yep! Let's go with this." Trunks on he was ready.
Getting his wallet and keys he prepared to head over to Piper's but wanted to let his girls know he was leaving; they could come over when ready. Noting Dakota's door slightly ajar he starts to knock then pauses to peek inside at an angle. Using her own dresser mirror like she had the other day he notes her drying her hair with a towel, the rest of her body uncovered and, "Why am I staring at my daughter?" He pondered then closed his eyes, cheeks puffing at his stupidity, "That's twice now, I've checked Kota out. I know it's just a guy's instinct to look but..." He pinches the bridge of his nose, "The girls look way too much like Josie, just shorter, more petite. Then again, they are the splitting image of Josie at their age. It's no wonder I get thoughts on them occasionally. It's like reliving the best years of my sex life. Josie was so on fire back then, even after the girls were born. If she hadn't gotten fixed, we'd probably have ten kids by now. Smartest thing we ever did."
"What are you doing Daddy?" Came a voice behind him.
"Sable? Oh, hey! I was just ready to knock and tell you two I'm going on over to Piper's to get the grill started. You look nice." She was wearing her yellow and black bikini which hid the important parts but certainly shared in the mileage across the remainder of her open terrain. She had white shorts in her hand to put on later.
"I love this bikini. I hope Tr... likes it."
"Who?"
"Travis." She finishes her sentence while gnashing her teeth together, her braces awkwardly a sight but he could never put her down.
"Backyard Travis?" He winced, taken back by this revelation, "You like him?"
"I... maybe. Is that alright with you daddy?"
"Sure. My daughter likes the neighborhood pervert. Why not?"
"He's not that bad once you see... know him." Her nipples were getting hard envisioning Travis at the pool earlier. Yes, he was definitely a pervert, but he did defend she and Dakota when things could have gone bad with Knox and Dip. That was brownie points in her eyes.
"Why don't you go invite Travis to the cookout." He shocked her.
Cringing she admitted, "I already did."
"Gotcha!" He tilts his gaze toward Dakota's door, but a sly glance found her M.I.A. in front of that mirror. Prepared to knock the door swung open and Dakota stood there with only one hand holding her towel over her body, her sides were wide open to inspection.
"Hey, Daddy!" She trembled peering up at him with frustrated eyes. "I heard you two talking. We'll be over in thirty minutes. Gotta finish drying my hair and putting on makeup."
"Why? Your skin is flawless." He swallows then leers over his shoulder at Sable, "Both of you have good complexions. I really don't see any need for makeup when you're going swimming again most likely."
"It's a girl thing daddy. We have to."
"You have to." Sable razzes her sister, "When you wear braces nothing helps."
"That reminds me, those braces come off Friday. Best present ever, right?" Henry grinned.
"I can't wait."
"Only one problem with that." He scowled.
"What's that daddy?"
"I won't be able to tell you two apart anymore."
Dakota found his revelation funny but kept her laughter contained, evil thoughts on she and Sable switching places sounded appealing. She would corner her sister and plan it for after their birthday. Possibly before.
"Are you throwing us a party?" Sable beamed, "Are we getting cars?"
"Not even at graduation. We just bought you guys' class rings."
"Come on daddy?" Hearing her sister Dakota used her hand to point at her face, Sable nearly busted up. She meant cum on daddy. "We have a driver's license but no car to drive." Sable leaped toward him to hug his arm to accompany her plea. Jumping up and down in step made him collide with Dakota's door nudging it open. Dakota slyly made it appear as if she lost her balance and toppled back on the floor. Her towel covering her in a thinner drape over her front, pussy concealed but only barely. She held the towel to her chest with one hand, her other propping her up on the carpet. Hearing her squeal Henry and Sable paused in her appeal.
"Look what you made me do." Henry frowned at Sable, while looking down at Dakota in her dilemma. Sable knew her sister did that on purpose but apologized anyway. "Need a hand up?" Henry volunteered leaning over to offer a hand. A mere mind read glimmer from Dakota's eyes told Sable to be evil. While her father was off balance Sable jumped on his back, "I WANT A CAR!!"
Laughing at her Henry lost his own balance and fell directly over Dakota. It was going to get ugly. In the crash landing his hands went to both sides of Dakota's shoulders, her face in his chest. At first his body smothered her until he could lift up over her. One of Kota's hands slid through his tank to palm his hairy chest, the other remaining on her towel. Sable on his back was trying to tickle Henry under his loose tank top, her own hands tangled in his chest hair. Being a tad ticklish his body reacted. Unknown to him Dakota's free hand tugged her towel higher until her lower body was skin on trunks, he hadn't even noticed.
"HELP ME!!" Sable laughed at her sister's predicament. Dakota in return lifted her legs as if encircling her father's waist drawing his weight into her thighs ever so slightly. Henry in wrestling Sable reached a single arm around behind his back and actually gripped Sable's butt. "DAAAAAAADDDDDYYYY!" As she yelped, he immediately released her cheek and blushed. In the whole process his crotch had been agitating Dakota's clitoris in its unplanned thrusting about. Dakota was wet as hell. His apology was to both girls but mostly Sable in the moment having grabbed her ass.
"Sorry."
"He can't touch us." Sable rallied giggling, "Tickle him!"
Between both girls Henry was losing, sure he could have tossed them around and escaped easily being a good 160 pounds heavier than they were at 100 plus each. It had been a while since he and the kids had any real quality time, and he did always enjoy the tickling. Usually it was at his abuse, not theirs. As awkward as it was, he didn't let it faze him. With Dakota tickling him now he was all in.
Rearing up his waist lowered again until Dakota felt his crotch right over her. Henry hadn't even realized his contact due to Sable tormenting him from above. Eyes flaring Dakota felt a delightful massaging over her inner thigh and gasped. Recalling how he used to plant his mouth over the girl's tummy's growing up and razz them with a deafening exhale, raspberry as it was called, he chose to do so over Dakota's shoulder. She let out a wailing scream even as Sable offers her father one on his neck just to get even. The fact he had to lay more over Dakota only added to the drama. What he was doing was going in blind, not even considering the fact Dakota's towel was only covering one breast. A second razz taunting Dakota's neck she panicked.
"DAAAAAAAAADDDDYYYYYYY!" She squealed and clawed playfully at his chest hair. The agitation over her clit was going to make her cum and she didn't want the persistent rubbing to cease. This was probably the closest she would ever have to engaging in sex with him. His erection still evident made her crazy in the head, clinging on to him as if he were truly fucking her. With Sable's continual tickle torture Henry was simply lost in the memories of their childhood.
Freezing on his back Sable realized her sister's towel was bunched up only over a single tit. Jaw dropping Sable threw her hands around her father's face to cover his eyes. The sudden blindness felt playful but once it dawned on him that Dakota was only in a towel he relaxed with a hiss. "Dammit! Let me up. I can close my own eyes."
"NOOOOOOOOOO! TICKLE HIM MORE!" Dakota begged. "DON'T LET DADDY UP." So close to an orgasm without actual sex, she gave up her towel entirely to hold him over her with both hands. Henry busted up laughing at their determination. Memories of these overpowering wrestling matches were flowing back. He was blinded by their childhood antics. Without even being aware of it Dakota's wetness stained his tanned cargo shorts in the crotch. Discovering her moaning and clingy he froze.
"Oh fuck! Sable stop. Get off!" Dakota beat her to that. OH! Off off! Crawling off of him Sable removed her hands then stood up behind Henry. He couldn't keep his word to himself in closing his eyes as Dakota trembled. Rolling over her was when he noticed Dakota's legs were hugging his hips at the knee, trying to still keep him on top of her. Turning away from her in order to stand up slowly there was a dead silence in the room. Hiding his massive boner was impossible. Wet material only made it more obvious.
Sable witnessing that her sister had removed her towel completely and lay there naked, legs wide made her uneasy. A wet spot on her carpet even more so. With violently trembling limbs Dakota pouted at her loss. Eyes locking on one another Dakota stuck her tongue out at her sister and remained unclothed until Henry stood tall with his back to them.
"I'll be next door." He kept his composure until he pulled her door closed. Once outside he closed his eyes and palmed his face with a sigh. "Unbelievable!" He had to leave, he really hoped they hadn't noticed his wet erection. Too late Daddy. While he headed downstairs to cool off and lose his tent, the girls sat on the floor giggling.
"Are you insane?" Sable stared at Dakota in awe.
"Oh my gosh! That was hilarious." Dakota couldn't stop grinning. "Daddy had me missionary."
"Hilarious? Daddy was... laying on you like... he was having sex with you. Oh, wait! You're right, that is missionary, isn't it?"
"He wasn't though. I just wanted to feel what it would be like having a man over me like that. When you jumped daddy, I fell on purpose. Toppling him forward was perfect timing."
"Daddy grabbed my butt."
"On purpose?"
"No. He was wrestling like he used to do with us. We were always dressed back then though." Sable folded her arms over her chest to mask her nipple hard on. Dakota on the other hand just let it all hang out. "I don't think he did it on purpose." Suddenly, she just wasn't sure. Shrugging she left it as maybe. It was innocent enough for her at least. Henry had definitely not done it in any sexually driven response. If there were dark thoughts, it was solely on Dakota. The conversation between sisters ended there, both were really confused. Beet red Sable even put her shorts on earlier than planned and headed downstairs. Travis would just have to wait to see her in only the bikini.
Dakota had to clean up her messy twat. Her hormones were off the charts. Now more than ever her fantasy of fucking her father was destiny. She had to make it happen. Somehow!
"I wonder if daddy came in his shorts?"
********
"What was I thinking?" Henry walked over to Piper's house via the sidewalk, he wasn't a ruin the grass type of neighbor. Hands in his pockets he took a stroll around the block once just to make sure his head was clear before facing Piper Cherry. He knew that was going to be a whole other hard on. At least he was going in knowing that it was a good hard on, not an awkward one. Walking past Travis Herbert's house, he noticed a big Dodge Ram parked in front. He didn't think much of it really, it had been a good year since seeing Trav's mom Kelly. "Maybe she has a new boyfriend. Good for her. She seemed really lonely last time we chatted." Enough on that he continued past the Hardecker home and saw no activity for once. No music, no cigarette fest on the balcony. Good!
Returning from his round trip he sighed and headed up the sidewalk to Piper's front door. Deciding to ring the doorbell instead of barging in made him at least feel honorable. It took her time reaching the door she had been out back by the pool re-arranging patio furniture into a closer-knit seating arrangement. Opening it she frowned at him, "You could have just walked right in, we're beyond the whole doorbell thing Henry." He at least opened the screen door to enter as she stepped aside.
"I'll get there. I'm just not used to barging right in unannounced."
"I like it when a man drops in unannounced." She beguiles him with pearly whites and fluttering lashes.
"What if I walked in on you with another man?"
"Then, you can decide whether to watch or join in."
"I don't know about the joining in, especially if I don't know the guy, you're with. Anyway. let's fire up that grill before it gets any later."
"Lead the way Chef Youareyummy." She pats him on the ass in passing.
"Fuck it!" He turns in a surprising move and throws his weight into her and pins her against the wall next to her doorway. Kissing her hard she melted into him, her hands all over his opened tank top. His hands went directly up the front of her own cut off tank and palmed a breast. For two long minutes he made out with her in nothing too sexual, but more in a romantic embrace. Once their lips parted, he pressed his forehead against hers, "Pent up frustration." She need not know that frustration was brought on by the thoughts of laying over his naked daughter earlier.
"Get frustrated more often." She panted and caressed his cheek.
"I'm sure I will. After the other night with Josie, this open marriage thing is pretty inspiring."
"Do tell."
"Naaa! You get the idea. I'll fire up the Coleman, you get the meat ready."
"Right, you fire up my holes and give me the meat." She had to shake off her need for sex with petty jokes. He winked and patted her ass this time on his way out the French doors. "I really hope their open marriage stays open. God, I want both of them." She fanned her face and went back into the kitchen to open up the steaks and separate them, telling herself she should have marinated them beforehand. She wasn't the best cook in the world, so she only had the tricks Davon had taught her over the years. The marinating was an error on her behalf. Too late now.
Plating the steaks, she brought them out covered in plastic wrap until ready to go on the grill. Being a gas grill the time it took in getting hot enough was to her advantage. "I bought a variety of steaks so everyone can pick and choose what type of cut they want."
"That works. Before I forget, I invited my new co-worker over I hope that's alright. Plenty of meat even if I have to go get some from our freezer. Considering I know my ladies none of them eat much so there shouldn't be a lack thereof."
"New co-worker? I thought you worked from home."
"I do. She does too."
"She? Where did this come from?"
"My boss Amanda assigned Tessa, her name is Tessa by the way, to help me update my series. She seems to think my series needs to bring in younger viewers."
"I guess I can't see what your boss sees considering you haven't shared your work with me."
"Just go online and google Frisque under adult games."
"Josie told to me to do that too. I will once I get internet installed. So it's a video game?" Merely conversation now, she knew very well what it was.
"Yeah, it's got selection modes you can choose various scenarios leading out of a situation the characters get in. Do I need your permission to alter my lead character Emma to look like you?" He already had but she wasn't privy until now.
"No. I'd be honored to let your millions of fans rape me on a daily basis." She laughs it off, "Do whatever gets you hard Handsome."
"You make me hard, that's why I want to switch Emma up to resemble you."
"What does your co-worker think about the switch?"
"Well, actually the newest episode I played for her, and Amanda had the alteration in place. Simple hair color switch and a bit more fullness. Emma's body is pretty proportionate to yours already."
"Now I'm really curious."
"Well, Emma online looks as she did, the new episodes aren't online yet. Tessa and I plan on spicing the current story up and rework what I've developed. Frisque 2.0 I suppose."
"Then, you need to bring the new stuff over and watch it with me from bed."
"One of these days, let me and Josie feel out this new open marriage stuff. I mean, she's already out there playing, but I might need a bit longer to embrace things." He didn't want to admit to his boss blowing him at her office. Not yet. "I'll get used to that open door policy trust me."
"Good, you... shit!"
"What's wrong?"
"Maybe you should knock first. I forgot my nephew is bringing my dog here on Saturday. Rotten can be protective."
"Rotten?"
"He's a big Rottweiler. Nothing vicious but until he knows you, I'd ring my doorbell. I'll let you in and then you can seduce me, or me you if you're slow on the mark." She giggled.
"We'll deal with that as it happens."
Before another word could be spoken Dakota and Sable arrive with t-shirts over their bikini's, a last-minute choice to do so after what their father had witnessed. They wanted him to feel more at ease. Walking right in seemed natural to them, Henry however felt awkward slightly after earlier. Applying steaks to the grill he ignored them a bit. Dakota wouldn't have it, she crept up on Henry and hugged him from behind. "I'm sorry daddy."
"For what? It was my stupidity, not yours." He whispered while Sable and Piper talked about her inviting Travis again. Dakota shifted to his side still hugging him almost emotionally invested.
"I shouldn't have opened my door without tying my towel around me."
"How can I give you grief over it after falling over you like that? That compromising position I hope remains between the three of us? Your mother would never understand."
"She doesn't need to know daddy. I won't tell. Neither will Sable." Hearing it he recalled every stupid daddy daughter porn video ever made. It was unsettling.
"Good enough, let's never talk about this again. Go see if Piper bought any barbecue sauce."
Shyly smiling Dakota left him to his steaks, going to Piper for assistance in the sauce. While Piper led Dakota indoors, Sable ventured to her father for one final confirmation as she made him look at her. Without a word Sable made a zipping motion across her lips then threw away an invisible key. Henry nodded with an appreciative glint in his eye. Looking over her toward the Herbert home he motioned with a wave, "Go ask your boyfriend there how he likes his steak?"
"Is he looking at me?"
"Certainly not at me, at least he better not be." Henry had to chuckle.
"Do I look alright?" She needed approval.
"Beautiful as always. Go on."
"Love you, Daddy." A peck on his shoulder was enough to confirm their fondness. Off she went around the backside of the pool, using the pump shed to mask her from prying eyes. Looking up she realized she was going to have to climb the fence to face Travis. He was aware of her coming toward him and moved to his small balcony to peer down. Once she scaled the fence and held on for dear life, she smiled up at him. "Did your mom give you an answer yet?"
"Her boyfriend is here. She told me I could go but I don't trust leaving her alone with him, Dominic is a douchebag."
"Awwww! After earlier you owe me."
"Owe you what? More..." He shut up hearing the bedroom door behind him open up. In ducked his mother, Kelly.
"What are you doing Travis?" She asked. Kelly was 5'5, 120 at worst, long straight blond hair past her shoulders. She wore a white mini dress with green leaves over it to compliment some amazing green eyes. Her chest, a busty 38C for such a small woman was incredible. Her tan rivaled Piper's.
"Hey mom! I'm talking to Sable." He points down. Kelly enters his room and ventures out to the balcony looking down as Sable clung to the fence waving up at her.
"Hi, Mrs. Herbert."
"Hello." Kelly waved back then looked out over Piper's pool to see Henry also waving back. She shared one more wave then returns her gaze toward Sable. "Travis can come join you. I need to stay home I've... been given orders." She hid her reasoning, but Travis knew.
"That choker is so stupid mom."
"Not now Travis." She winced at her son, not wanting to make a scene. "You know the routine. I... can't..."
"No, you won't." He watched Kelly caress her throat; a thin black choker adorned her gorgeous neck. More ornate than her true collar. This one was of her own choice as an attraction. Dominic Black, her... Master, allowed her the collar until he chose to make her wear something less attractive.
Sable, oblivious to the meaning behind it added her own compliment. "I like your choker Mrs. Herbert."
"Thank you, Sable. It's... very precious to me."
"I want one." Sable giggled. In response Kelly winked at his son who grumbled over it.
"NO, YOU DON'T!" Travis snapped, then realized he had yelled, "Sorry Sable."
"I like chokers. Even my mom wears them on occasion."
"UGGGGGH!" He shook his head. Kelly didn't know how to deal with her son these days. She just spoiled him with his father's life insurance and lived off of the rest. That was pretty much spent, but thankfully her Master was well off and paying her bills. He had his moments. Hard working but demanding. She worshipped the ground he made her kneel on.
"Go have fun Travis. I'll be alright."
"If Dom... hurts you, I'll kick his ass." Travis quietly hid his concern with a lowered voice. While they were bickering a bit Henry found his way over and crept up behind Sable dangling from the fence. With her t-shirt riding high to her waist her white shorts offered a tightening deeper within her butt crack. Seeing this Henry sighed, forcing his eyes away long enough to climb the fence and dangle next to his daughter.
"Hey there Kelly. You coming?"
"I... wish I could. My Ma...n is coming over shortly." She resisted the word Master, not out of disrespect but because Henry had no idea of her social life. "He's going to demand all of my attention I'm afraid." She also withheld the term Master instead using man to rescue her son from his own idea of humiliation. A best kept secret was in the cards. Travis still wasn't happy about it. "My son will be joining you though."
"You can invite your man if you want." Henry tried his best.
"No. He... wants me all to himself."
"I can see why." Henry winked as Sable peaked a brow at her father's flirtation. Kelly blushed and whispered, "Thank you." Travis totally overlooking the momentary banter just groaned.
"He'll be right down." Kelly watched Travis leave the balcony and grab his swimming trunks from a dresser drawer, a different pair than from earlier in the day. Dropping his shorts right in front of his mother she turned away to avoid seeing penis. "Thank you for offering Henry."
"Anytime. Don't be such a hermit."
"Tell Josie I said hi."
"Tell her yourself. Like I said stop being antisocial, we're all friends here."
Before he abandoned the fence Piper joined them now, three bodies up on her fence line. "I hope my fence doesn't fall over under our combined weight." Piper looks up laughing at Kelly, "Hey new neighbor. I'm Piper."
"Hello Piper. Welcome to Hooters Crossing."
"Well, we haven't crossed paths until now so Hoot, be you?"
"Oh!" Kelly snickered, "I'm Kelly Herbert, my son Travis."
"I've waved at your future ASStronomer there a few times now."
"I hope he isn't being a nuisance."
"Nope! He can't be seeing too much due to the lens being fogged over anyway."
"Is he?... I'll have a talk with him. I'm so sorry."
"Don't bother. I'm not offended. Besides I can't be the only full moon he's staring at after all." Piper winks across Henry at Sable. Sable concluded that Piper must assume that Travis was peeping at her too. She was right.
"Well, let me know if he gets too bad."
"Sure will. Drop over for coffee sometime. Or booze, I'll keep stocked up on both."
"Our wine don't you mean?" Henry chuckled.
"Hey! I'll be generous too. And even though I tease Josie about your wine I did buy a case for tonight. Stop your belly aching."
"Shit! I forgot the steaks." Henry dropped like a rock and ran back to the grill. Luckily Dakota was being smart and using tongs to flip the meat for her father. Saved by the princess.
"Have fun. I need to go... change." Kelly shyly withdrew from the balcony. Piper and Sable dropping out of sight and connecting dots over the wink.
"Were you dancing in your bedroom window for T-boner?"
"T-boner?" Sable flared her eyes then whispered, "Yes."
"Secret's safe with me. Need a few pointers? I'm a good dancer."
"Maybe." They laughed all the way back to the patio.
Steak was smelling really good.