Chapter 3 - The Yacht - Continued
I want to thank all those who sent feedback and congratulatory messages to me on the first two chapters of this story and I will do my best to continue making this an exciting and enjoyable story to read.
If you haven't read the previous chapters of this story, I suggest you read them first so you will get to know the characters and what they have done thus far. Jeff and Debbie's honeymoon adventure continues in this chapter.
Feedback and comments are welcome and I read each and every one whether it's posted here on site or emailed to me. Emailed comments, unless sent anonymously, will receive a reply.
****************
From the end of Chapter 2:
After about a half an hour the small talk settled down, the three guys realized that the girls had left them and not returned.
Picking up their drinks, the guys headed for the door that led below deck and when Capt. Tim opened the door sounds of moaning streamed out to their ears.
Walking down the steps followed closely by Jeff and Bill, Capt. Tim halted suddenly and pointed straight ahead to Jeff's cabin door. The door was open all the way and even with the lights dimmed for a sensual lighting, they could see all three girls.
****************
On the bed, the girls had formed a daisy chain and it was apparent each one was wildly affected by the stimulation happening to her body. There were moans of pleasure, groans of ecstasy and squeals of delight.
By a silent mutual agreement, Bill, Jeff and Capt. Tim turned around and went back up the stairs to the deck.
All three men walked to the table at the back of the deck and after Capt. Tim and Jeff were seated, Bill asked if they wanted a drink. Both wanted a drink and Bill went to the bar to fix the drinks and then returned to the table.
Taking a deep breath, Jeff exclaimed, "That was HOT seeing all the girls together enjoying each other's body! The other men nodded in agreement without saying anything."
Jeff added, "I think we did the right thing by not interrupting them because I know my wife doesn't have any experience with another female and they deserve some time alone to explore."
Capt. Tim said, "Jeff, Bill I have to tell both of you, this cruise has started out better than any cruise I have ever had."
Capt. Tim continued, "I'm in a service business which caters to those who are wealthy and sometimes they try to order me around as if they own my ship and that ruins the cruise. Jeff, you and Debbie, in the past few hours, have shown me there are still some well-to-do, decent and non-demanding people left in the world and I'm grateful to both of you for being who you are."
Jeff thought for a moment, and then he said, "If anyone had told me a few days ago that I would be stripping my wife naked in front of someone we just met or that we should expect to fuck others while on our honeymoon, I would have told them, they were crazy."
Jeff continued saying, "After landing here on the island, I am not sure what happened to both of us, but we have changed from our former conservative personalities and upbringings and now we are more receptive to new ideas especially nudism."
The guys sat around the table and continued their conversation, meanwhile below deck some hot action was taking place
Jeff and Debbie's cabin was filled with female's moans of pleasure. On the bed, Debbie was laying on her back with her knees held up and parted by Brenda who was very busy tongue lashing Debbie's clip with an occasional nibble to keep her on the edge of the next orgasm. Sally meanwhile was alternating between kissing Debbie and then taking turns sucking and nibbling each of her sensitive nipples.
Debbie's fevered pitch once again rose in an orchestra sounds as she clamped her thighs together around the sides of Brenda's head forcing Brenda's mouth down tighter on her spread open pussy and extended clit. She bucked wildly her hips leaving the bed trembling with the pleasure of the orgasm Brenda was giving her. Her eyes rolled back in her head and her toes curled tight as she enjoyed the marvelous sensations emanating from her from her stimulated and sensitive clitoris.
For Debbie this orgasm topped the charts and if it had been measured on the Richter scale she might have scored at least a solid six which would have lasted almost two minutes. Her breathing was ragged yet shallow and she finally released Brenda's head from between her thighs.
Brenda lovingly leaned forward again and gently kissed Debbie's clit causing more shock waves to travel through her body.
Sally reached down and after finding Brenda's hand, she pulled gently to get Brenda to move up the bed to all three of them would be lying together. Brenda finally relinquished her place between Debbie's thighs and moved up until she was on the opposite side of Debbie.
Brenda, Sally leaned in and joined all three tongues together and took turns passionately kissing between the three of them. Each had their arm wrapped over the others in a family style hug. There was new found love in the cabin and neither girl wanted to break to the moment.
Debbie was the last of the girls to experience the other girl's mouth on her body. Each of the girls had enjoyed multiple orgasms during this new adventure and each one needed to rest. They settled into a rhythm where each one gave and received kisses and hands and fingers wandered over each other's body still causing wonderful sensations causing low moans of pleasure.
Finally Debbie whispered, "I have to pee" causing all three girls to break out laughing.
Brenda had her hand on Debbie's lower abdomen so she pressed just slightly before garnering a response from Debbie saying, "If you keep that up we will have a mess on the bed." Once again all three giggled and each started to move off the bed.
All three started walking into the bathroom off Debbie's cabin with Debbie reaching the toilet first. She sat down and while reaching for some toilet paper, Brenda and Sally could hear a stream of pee splash into the water. It didn't bother Debbie at all to be in the bathroom with the other girls and having them hear her relieve herself. When she was done, she wiped her pussy and when she moved the paper up the front of her slit and touched her clit the paper felt rough and sent shivers up her body.
Brenda then Sally took their turns peeing while the conversation between them was lively. Sally asked Debbie and Brenda if they wanted another shower saying she would love to wash someone else's body besides her own. All three once again giggled like school girls and agreed that each would wash someone's body. As Debbie adjusted the water, Sally went to the cabinet and took out three towels. In the shower the girls talked and washed the body parts of each other.
Debbie said, "I can't believe what I have done in the past few hours but I have loved every minute of it." She continued with, "I have to thank both of you for the experience we just shared, I have never been with another female before and I get two at once, for my first time! Thank you very much, both of you, for making this so special for me."
The girls looked at each other and under the warm spray of the water as they hugged and kissed showing their true affection for each other. Each of them had shared their "first time" with the others and that was something special neither would soon forget.
When the shower was finished, Sally stepped out first and handed each of the other two girls their towels. As they dried their bodies they continued their lively "girl talk" and there were plenty of giggles. They took turns in front of the mirror brushing their hair and primping to make sure they were satisfied with their looks. During this time there was plenty of bumping naked bodies against each other and copping a feel of a breast here and there. The girls acted like they had known each other all their lives.
When they were finished primping they looked at each other and came together in yet another group hug sharing passionate kisses. Their nimble naked bodies pressed tightly together as if to become one.
Brenda whispered, "Do you think we should go see what the guys are doing?"
Debbie whispered, "I like where we are right now but I guess we should let them know we are still alive before they decide to come looking for us."
Sally giggled and said, "They've already missed out on the action and I thought guys were always interested in watching girl on girl action."
There were more giggles from the three and Brenda added, "Yeah, I thought the guys would be hanging on the edge of the bed watching us and waiting for a chance to join in, but they didn't show. They must be talking about sports or something to keep them away from three naked females."
Debbie said, "Before we go up there, we have to have a plan. There are three of them and three of us so let's go up there and sit on their laps and not in a chair. Let's decide who is going to sit on which one of the guy's lap."
Both Brenda and Sally started to talk at the same time but Brenda stopped and Sally continued, saying, "I would like to sit on Bill's lap since I have been working with him and this is probably the only time I will get a chance to suck and fuck him."
Brenda added, "I want to take advantage of Debbie's generosity and sit on Capt. Tim's lap because I have always wondered what it would be like to have his log of a cock filling my pussy."
Again the girls giggled and with a final hug and kiss, they joined hands and moved out the door of the cabin and towards the stairs leading to the deck.
The girls were greeted by the warm sea air blowing across the ship and the flickering of the candle light which bathed the deck.
As Debbie, Brenda and Sally stepped through the door giggling, they stopped briefly, standing with joined hands looking towards the table they watched as the three male heads snapped around to look in their direction.
Pausing for effect they waited in place until Jeff finally said, "Well hello there, we missed you and all of us were waiting for the ocean to run dry for your long shower."
There was a burst of laughter from everyone and as if on cue, the girls walked forward still holding hands until they were near the table and then they separated and each of the girls walked to their pre-arranged partner before sitting on their lap.
The guys were pleasantly surprised and astonished with the abrupt actions of the girls however no one wanted to question what was happening.
Brenda not forgetting her First Mate position on the yacht looked around the table and offered to get everyone a drink. All six of them wanted another drink so Brenda started to stand up and noticed both Debbie and Sally stood up to. All three of them moved to the bar to make the drinks with knowing looks which brought smiles to each of their faces.
Each one of the girls carried their own drink along with the drink of their chosen partner. When they arrived back at the table they each handed the drink to their partner then once again took their place on the lap of their guy.
Sally wiggled her ass on Bill's lap until his cock rested between her ass cheeks. She knew he could feel the heat from her pussy and she expected it would have an effect on him soon. She opened her knees to make a space for Bill's cock to rise.
Bill was surprised by Sally's actions but he was not about to say anything because his cock had already started to rise, after all she was only 20 years old and her hot little body was sexy as hell.
Brenda on the other hand, when she came back with her and Capt. Tim's drinks, she placed both drinks on the table then prepared to sit on Capt. Tim's lap by turning her ass towards him reaching between her legs picking up his cock and then she sat down with his cock tight against her pussy and sticking up between her thighs.
In a little girlish type of voice Brenda said, "Look everyone, I have lil tits, a pussy and a big cock!"
Everyone broke out laughing as their eyes immediately fell into Brenda's lap. Even Capt. Tim had to lean around Brenda's side to see his cock sticking straight up between her thighs.
Brenda went on to say, as she reached down and started stroking the cock, "I've often wondered what it would be like to have a cock and now look, I have one and it's getting bigger by the second."
Capt. Tim laughed right along with everyone else but he knew that his relationship with his First Mate was changed forever. He knew there was no going back to the way he and his First Mate had acted before this cruise. Brenda was still his employee but he was now willing to make greater exceptions to his basic rules if Brenda continued to show interest in what she was doing now. Capt. Tim decided at that moment he would even allow Brenda to share his state room if she wanted.
Meanwhile, Debbie felt Jeff's cock rise and she repositioned herself so his cock rested between the outer lips of her pussy. Even after all the sex Debbie had experienced, her pussy was still responding by providing the lubrication so Jeff's cock rode easy up and down her slit.
The lively and spirited conversation waned after about an hour, giving way to the couples smooching and exploring each other's bodies.
In a voice just louder than a whisper Bill asked Sally, "Would you like to go to my cabin and see what happens?"
Sally with a dreamy smile radiating from her face said, "Yes Bill, I want to find out more of what you have to offer and I am sure I will love every minute of it."
Sally stood up and waited as Bill got to his feet before they walked hand in hand towards the door and the stairs that would take them below deck. The other two couples looked at Sally and Bill as they walked past, waved at them and said "Good night."
Debbie and Jeff saw an opening for them to depart as well so Debbie stood followed by Jeff. They turned towards Capt. Tim and Brenda then Debbie said, "Thank you, we really appreciate what you have done for us this evening and we look forward to having a lot more fun tomorrow."
Jeff started talking immediately after Debbie finished and said, "Yes, thank you for creating an atmosphere which made tonight possible. We will see you in the morning."
As Debbie and Jeff walked towards to door to go below, they looked back to see Brenda and Capt. Tim embraced in a passionate kiss. Smiling to themselves, they turned and walked down the steps to their cabin.
As they passed the open cabin door where Bill and Sally had retired to, they saw both of them were busy licking each other in the sixty nine position. Sally was on top of Bill with her pussy facing the cabin door.
Debbie and Jeff paused for a moment and watched as Bill licked Sally's pussy and bury his tongue as deep into her as possible. They could see Sally move her hips in time with Bill's licks.
Moving into their own cabin where once again they left the door open, they took care of their bathroom needs and then both fell on the bed and embraced and started their own passion session. Debbie moved up on top of Jeff and turned so her pussy was over his mouth and her mouth was over his cock.
Before lowering her mouth on Jeff's cock Debbie said, "I hope you didn't think I was neglecting you tonight."
Jeff said, "Honey I am having the most unbelievable time and I am so happy and lucky to have you as my wife. There is no way I have felt left out of anything. I can't thank you enough for being who you are."
Jeff then decided to stop talking and started licking Debbie's sweet pussy. Jeff licked Debbie's sensitive clit and felt her jump. He smiled to himself because he knew that her clit must have been the target for the other girls when they were together. Jeff licked her clit again and then used his teeth to nibble it and felt Debbie tense up in an orgasm.
Debbie was also enjoying Jeff's cock as she slid the slippery cock into her mouth until the head of it was at the beginning of her throat. Debbie was determined that she was going to take Jeff's cock down her throat before the night was over.
Up on deck, Capt. Tim and Brenda had decided to make the yacht ready for the evening, so they walked to the bridge where Capt. Tim piloted the yacht to an area he knew he could set anchor. As he was moving the yacht Brenda was on her knees and busy trying to get as much of Capt. Tim's cock in her mouth as possible. That was hard to do since his cock was not only long but very thick. The most she could get in her mouth was about 2 ½ inches and even that caused her lips to be stretched to the max.
When Capt. Tim reached the spot where he was going to anchor the yacht, he set the anchor and then tested them to make sure they would hold sturdy.
He reached down to encourage Brenda to stand and when she realized what he wanted, she let his cock go they heard a pop as his cock was pulled from her lips.
After making sure all was well on deck, Capt. Tim and Brenda headed below deck to Capt. Tim's cabin. As they passed the open door of Sally and Bill, they noticed both were tangled in each other's arms and appeared to be sleeping.
They noticed that Debbie and Jeff were lying on their bed, in each other's arms but it didn't look like they were sleeping yet.
Brenda and Capt. Tim moved into his cabin and immediately embraced and kissed taking time to entwine their tongues in each other's mouth.
Debbie and Jeff weren't sleeping and saw Brenda and Capt. Tim move past their cabin door. Debbie had all she could do to keep from giggling when she saw the two of them heading into Capt. Tim's cabin. She knew from the girl talk they had shared, Brenda was looking forward to having Capt. Tim's cock fill her pussy.
Jeff asked Debbie, "Did you have fun today?"
Debbie replied, "Yes I did, I experienced so many firsts, and I think I am dreaming."
Jeff assured her she wasn't dreaming when he said, "Honey, as long as each one of your firsts were pleasurable and fulfilling to you, then I am glad for you."
Debbie said, "I'm surprised the three of you didn't come down to see what we were doing when we left you guys up on deck."
Jeff said, "We did miss you and we did come down here but we saw the three of you were busy so we went back up and deck so we wouldn't interrupt you."
Debbie hugged her husband and said, "That's a fine example of why I love you so much. I am glad that you gave us some space to explore with each other and I will let the girls know how accommodating you guys were."
Debbie yawned and said, "I am tired, we need to get some sleep because if tomorrow is anything like today, we are going to need all the sleep we can get."
Jeff agreed and both remained wrapped in each other's arms and within minutes, both were in dreamland.
Jeff was awakened the next morning by the smell of coffee drifting through the air below deck. He looked at his sleeping wife and smiled.
Gingerly, Jeff lifted Debbie's arm gently from his chest so he wouldn't wake her. Jeff was able to slip out of bed quietly and his morning hardon led the way to the toilet. After relieving himself, Jeff started the shower and stepped in for a quick wash up. When he was finished his shower, Jeff brushed his teeth and combed his hair and made sure he was ready to start the new day.
As Jeff walked out his cabin door he saw both Sally and Brenda standing in the galley sipping coffee and talking quietly.
Brenda saw Jeff and turned to pour him a cup of coffee. As Jeff walked to where they were standing, both Sally and Brenda said, "Good morning."
Jeff smiled and returned their greeting. Brenda handed Jeff a cup of coffee and told him the cream and sugar were on the counter. Jeff fixed his coffee and then came back to stand with them and share the morning chatter.
Brenda asked, "How did you sleep last night? Were you comfortable?"
Jeff said, "It was unbelievable the rocking of the yacht coupled with both of us being so tired, we went right to sleep. I slept like a baby, the bed was so comfortable and everything was perfect."
Brenda smiled and said, "I am so glad that both of you are enjoying yourselves and I'm not just saying that because it's my job, I truly mean it. If there is anything I can do for either one of you while you are here in Hawaii please let me know, I have developed a real fondness for both of you."
Sally didn't miss her opportunity and said, "I also want to let you know that both of you have made a good impression with me and I am willing to go the extra mile to make sure you have everything you want while you are here."
Brenda said, "Everyone except Debbie is up already, so breakfast will be served shortly after she wakes up. If you want something to eat now, there is some fruit and pastries on the tray up on deck."
Jeff said he wanted to go up on deck and see what was happening, and left Sally and Brenda in the galley as he climbed the steps to the deck.
Stepping on the deck, Jeff saw Bill and Capt. Tim sitting at the table on the back deck. He headed towards them and both turned and greeted him as Jeff walked over to the table and sat down in the chair he was seated in for dinner the previous evening.
Capt. Tim asked, "How is everything, did you sleep well?"
Once again Jeff said, "Everything was perfect, I slept like a baby in that wonderful bed. The rocking of the boat was like being in a rocking chair and it put us right to sleep."
Capt. Tim smiled and said, "That's why I am tethered to this ship, everyday is a new adventure and you can't beat sleeping when the sea acts as the rocking chair."
Jeff looked out over the ocean but noticed the morning mist hid the horizon. The very slight breeze blowing across the deck was warm carrying the smell of the ocean to Jeff's nostrils. Jeff was enjoying being on the yacht.
Jeff questioned Capt. Tim about his offer to go over a fishing area.
Capt. Tim said, "We should go there early because later in the day, the private ships and the commercial fishermen come out to that area to fish as well. With you and your wife being new to nudism, I am not sure she would be interested in being seen by the guys that are on those ships."
Jeff understood what Capt. Tim was saying and said, "I am sure when she feels she has had enough, she will let us know."
Capt. Tim replied, "When we are in the fishing area, our ships pass close enough to each other. Actually it is close enough for them to see us on the deck. I want you to know, the guys on the ships can get vulgar using very descriptive language."
Again Jeff took it in stride and said, "If they become a problem, we can always stop fishing and move on to something else."
Capt. Tim could tell by Jeff's response that he must have led a sheltered life. Capt. Tim smiled to himself knowing that the females, especially since they were naked, would be the targets of the male fishermen.
Capt. Tim said he would start the ship in the direction of the fishing area and got up from the table and walked to the bridge.
Bill and Jeff talked for awhile and then spotted all three of the girls coming through the door up on the deck. The girls looked so lovely being completely naked and neither, Bill or Jeff could get enough viewing their naked bodies especially with their bald pussies. Both of their cocks got hard immediately as they watched the girls walk towards them.
By the time the girls reached the table both cocks were hard and standing straight up like flagpoles.
Sally was in the middle and she used her position to poke both Debbie and Brenda before pointing at the cocks protruding from the laps of the guys.
Sally said, "It looks like they are very glad to see us."
Debbie added, "Yeah and just think we have all day to see if we can use them and see if they can withstand the power of our pussies."
Brenda not wanting to be left out of the chiding, added, "I think that we will be able to reduce those babies to limp noodles before noon."
The girls all giggled but the male pride shone brightly when Bill said while pointing at his cock, "Ladies, your mission, if you decide to accept it, will be to do your best to get this down and keep it down. Good luck ladies!"
Jeff smirked and said, "They tested us yesterday and found that it was "Mission Impossible" yesterday, so I can't see them succeeding today, much less doing it before noon."
Jeff looked at Debbie and said, "Honey, please come over here and sit on my lap."
Debbie walked over to Jeff's chair and sat sideways on his lap.
Brenda asked, "Is everyone ready for breakfast?
There was a chorus of "yes" that floated through the air.
Brenda, Sally and Bill went about making breakfast while Jeff and Debbie decided to take a walk around the deck.
Jeff guided Debbie forward up to the bow of the boat where they stood against the railing, naked as the day they were born, looking out over the ocean. Debbie turned and moved into Jeff's arms and they stood together looking deeply into each other's eyes while whispering their love for one another.
Capt. Tim was on the bridge watching the young couple as they embraced. His mind drifted back to the night before when Debbie offered her body to him for pure sexual reasons. He remembered how tight Debbie's pussy had been when he was given the opportunity to slide his cock into her. He reminisced how he had shot his load into her hot pussy and he wondered if she was on the pill. All he knew was that he loved fucking Debbie and wanted another chance to slide his cock into her tight wet pussy.
Capt. Tim was brought back to reality when he saw off to his starboard a private fishing boat with two fishermen trolling from the aft. He knew the boat was running along the edge of the reef which showed on Capt. Tim's depth finder. Capt. Tim looked at the fishing boat and then at Jeff and Debbie. He saw they weren't paying attention and it was apparent neither had seen the fishing boat. Remembering what Jeff told him earlier, Capt. Tim decided not to warn them of the approaching fishing boat.
The warm fresh ocean breeze blew across the bow where Jeff leaned back enough so he could slide his hand down to Debbie's bald pussy. Inserting his middle finger into her she melted into his arms. Jeff found her clit and rubbed it slowly causing Debbie to move her hips to maximize the pleasure Jeff was giving her.
Debbie had her eyes closed and her chin tucked into Jeff's shoulder enjoying the stimulation her body was receiving. This is the first time she had experienced such freedoms and most of all the pleasure her body was receiving and she was going to take full advantage of it.
Capt. Tim held his position and alternated between watching Jeff and Debbie and then looking over his right shoulder as the fishing boat came closer.
As the boat drew near, Debbie opened her eyes and saw it, at first she was tempted to move but after everything she had experienced, she stood still and told Jeff there was a boat coming behind him but she didn't want him to turn around and look.
Debbie said, "I want to do something and I need your help. I want them to see my pussy."
Debbie asked Jeff, "Will you help me show them?"
Jeff was surprised by her request but he shouldn't have been. He asked, "What do you have in mind?
Debbie said, "They can see us already but I don't think they know I've seen them."
Debbie turned and faced the bow then leaned back against Jeff telling him, "Hold me, I want to stand on the second rail like the girl did in the movie Titanic."
Debbie parted her feet and asked Jeff, "Please hold my hips and help me stand up on the railing."
With one foot on the second railing Debbie said, "I'm ready, help boost me up and hold my hips to steady me."
Jeff pushed when Debbie jumped up and put her other foot on the other railing and held onto her tightly.
Debbie's feet were about two feet apart. She stood with her arms spread off to each side of her body which exposed her whole body. Her bald pussy and her small "B" cup tits were on display and when the fishing boat passed by, the fishermen would be able to see all of her. Debbie tilted her head back and closed her eyes.
Inside Debbie was trembling with excitement at the prospect of showing her naked body to the fishermen but you wouldn't know it if you were watching her. Debbie could feel the fluid flood her pussy as she stood on the railing exposed to the world.
Capt. Tim watched Jeff and Debbie and his cock was immediately hard. He couldn't believe what he was seeing but he admired them for their sense of adventure.
Suddenly the air carried the whistles and cat calls coming from the fishing boat as it started to pass the yacht.
One of the fishermen called out, "Great looking cunt honey, wanna fuck?"
Another fisherman leaning over the railing yelled, "Bring that body down here babe, we'll play with those tiny tits and fuck your cunt and asshole till it's raw!"
Yet another one yelled to Jeff, "Hey boy, push her overboard, we'll rescue her and return her thoroughly fucked!"
The fishermen kept up their barrage of comments as they passed the bow of the yacht.
At first Debbie didn't want to look down but she finally caved into her feelings and looked at the four sets of eyes looking up at her spread open pussy and her small tits. Her pussy started leaking her juices from the excitement of exposing herself to these unknown strangers. She stood proudly on display as the boat passed and she waved at the fishermen below.
Debbie said to Jeff as she waved at the fishermen, "This is out of this world. Can you see the looks on their faces? They are all drooling, looking at my naked body."
Jeff only had a brief view of the boat between Debbie spread thighs as it passed. He didn't get to see much of the fishermen but he sure heard them and what they said to his wife. All he knew was his cock was as hard as it had even been. He realized it turned him on helping his wife show off her naked body.
Debbie was still standing on the railing when Brenda came forward and stood beside the couple, looking over the railing she saw the fishing boat moving away from the yacht. She said, "Breakfast is ready. Debbie you sure are a lil devil."
Debbie said to Jeff, "Please help me get down."
Debbie turned to Brenda and said, "Wow, what a rush it was to let them see all of me and they called my bald pussy a cunt and they loved my small tits, my pussy is soaking wet. Look, I am dripping down my thighs."
Debbie opened her thighs and both Jeff and Brenda could see the female juice on the inside of her thighs.
Brenda marveled at Debbie's exhibitionism and said, "Girlfriend, you are something else and I am so glad to have had this chance to share in this part of your life."
With Debbie in the middle, the three joined hands and walked aft to the table where breakfast was being served.
Capt. Tim joined everyone for breakfast and took his place at the head of the table.
General conversation drifted between everyone at the table without any mention of what happened with the fishermen.
Debbie said, "For some reason, I am extra hungry, I have never eaten this much in the morning."
Capt. Tim said with a smile, "Maybe it's because you worked up an appetite."
Everyone laughed and Debbie blushed before saying, "If that's the case, I hope you brought a whole cow on board, instead of just a few steaks."
Debbie's comment brought an even a bigger round of laughter from everyone.
Jeff spoke up and said, "I don't know what it is or what is happening but I feel like I am sitting here with family instead of people whom I just met. All of you have made us feel wanted and welcome and I feel you have gone above and beyond your normal responsibilities you would show to passengers on your ship. I would be very proud to call each and every one of you, friend."
Capt. Tim spoke up, "Jeff, you and Debbie are very different and I personally have enjoyed having you on this cruise, I will tell you now, if we can work out a schedule, I would be willing to take both of you out again before your honeymoon is over."
Debbie's eyes filled with tears being the more sentimental one between her and Jeff, she jumped up from the table and stepped over to Capt. Tim and leaned down and gave him a tight hug. She continued to hug the captain and said, "Thanks so much for everything." She kissed Capt. Tim on the lips and then returned to her seat.
Everyone was quiet for a moment, thinking about what was just said.
Sally was next to speak, saying, "You know, I have been told all my life that acquaintances come and go but friends are forever. Holding up her glass of orange juice, Sally said, I second Jeff's motion all of us should consider each other friend."
There was a sudden flurry of hands reaching for and raising their juice glass, answering the toast, when Capt. Tim asked, "All in favor?"
There was a resounding YES echoing from everyone at the table.
In his most professional voice Capt. Tim proclaimed, "The motion received a unanimous vote, the motion is passed."
Everyone laughed and took a drink of their juice.
Capt. Tim said, "Jeff if you want to try fishing, we are over a reef and there is a variety of fish down there. This is a great spot and Brenda can set up the fishing gear for you."
With that, Capt. Tim excused himself so he could get back to the bridge.
Brenda, Sally and Bill moved about cleaning up the table and putting everything away and when they finished they returned to the table where Debbie and Jeff were still seated.
Brenda asked Jeff, "Do you want me to set up a pole for you so you can try some fishing and see what you get?"
Jeff grinned from ear to ear and said, "I sure would love to have you set up my pole so I can see what I can get."
Brenda laughed and said, "Sir please come with me and I will do my best to get your pole set up and you may even catch some fish."
Bill leaned over to Debbie and said, "Don't you just love the sexual innuendos of their wording?" This brought a smile to everyone's face.
Brenda reached out her hand to Jeff he accepted her hand as he stood up from his chair and followed Brenda aft for his first time ocean fishing.
Jeff stood and watched as Brenda moved about setting up the fishing chair and locking it into place, then bending over to reach the fishing poles stored in a side box. Jeff couldn't keep his eyes off her sexy little bald pussy as it peeked out between Brenda's upper thighs when she bent over. He split his attention between looking at her luscious pussy her little rose bud asshole.
Brenda caught him staring and asked, "Do you see anything you like back there?"
Jeff responded with, "Yes Brenda, I can see your little pussy wink at me every time you bend over and just as importantly, the little hole above it looks very inviting also.
Brenda was again bending over with her ass towards Jeff, she looked around at him and said, "Do you want to fish or fuck? You can enjoy dropping a line in a very wet ocean or you can push your pole into a very wet hole and by the way, you can choose any hole you want."
Jeff returned her volley with, "I know how to kill two birds with one stone so to speak, we can set my line in a very wet ocean and while I am waiting for something to nibble out there, I would enjoy having a nibble or two of your wet pussy right here on deck."
Brenda responded, "Hummmmm...... that sounds like we have a solution to both our wishes."
Brenda being the efficient First Mate knew what to do to prepare a fishing pole and what bait to use and when she had everything ready, she turned to Jeff and said, "It's all set to cast the pole out as soon as I go tell Capt. Tim to slow down and follow the reef."
Leaving Jeff behind, Brenda moved to the bridge to talk to Capt. Tim and she heard male moans as she walked through the door and saw Sally on her knees in front of Capt. Tim trying to suck as much of his huge cock into her mouth. Capt. Tim was sitting in his chair with one hand on the wheel and the other on the back of Sally's head.
Brenda excused herself for interrupting and said, "Jeff is ready to try fishing, the gear is all set for him."
Capt. Tim smiled at Brenda and said, "Thank you and tell Jeff I will run the reef and put him over the fish, it will be up to him to catch one. Let me know when you have fish on."
Brenda turned and with one last glance as Sally stuffing her mouth, she smiled and left the bridge.
On her way back aft, Brenda looked over her shoulder and noticed Bill and Debbie had moved up to the forward lounge chairs and were lying on their backs enjoying the sun.
Once Jeff cast his line out into the ocean and set his pole in the holder, he reached out for Brenda and guided her to sit in the fishing chair. Once she was seated, he opened her legs and lifted each leg and draped it over an arm of the chair, successfully spreading Brenda's pussy wide open for the invasion assault from his lips and tongue.
Just as Jeff was leaning forward she saw Brenda's female juices forming in the bottom of her little pussy and he stuck out his tongue and licked some up. After tasting her sweet pussy juice, he told Brenda, "Your pussy juice is so delicious I want more."
Brenda smiled down at Jeff and said, "Honey you can have whatever you want, I am yours to play with."
Jeff noticed Brenda's clit was starting to pop up out for under her clit hood and once again he leaned forward and rubbed his rough tongue over her small sensitive bud causing Brenda to jump a little from the almost electric shock that traveled rapidly through her body.
Jeff smiled to himself and was proud to make this fine young lady happy. Even with his limited experience in sex and sexual acts, he realized what made a female happy and he wanted to leave a lasting impression on her.
Brenda helped Jeff along when he reached the right spot by saying to him, "Right there baby, that's it lick me right there! Use your teeth and nibble on my clit baby.......oh that feels so good!"
Jeff knew when Brenda had an orgasm because she grabbed the back of his head and pulled his face into her pussy he could no longer breathe but Jeff licked her faster and faster until she started to shake and her who body shook with wild spasms. When she released her grip on the back of his head, the first thing Jeff did was take a deep breath of air and after he filled his lungs the moved back to Brenda's pussy and licked her clit again.
Brenda to begged, "Please stop my clit is so sensitive, I can't take it."
Jeff relentless in his attack on her pussy he licked her again and again causing Brenda to jump each time his tongue moved over her sensitive clit. Actually in a small depraved way, Jeff was turned on knowing he was sensually torturing Brenda.
Brenda finally reached down and pulled Jeff's hair to get him away from her pussy and in doing so pulled upward so Jeff had to stand and lean over to receive the loving kiss Brenda had waiting for him. As she kissed Jeff she could taste her own pussy juices on his lips and tongue.
Brenda whispered in Jeff's ear, I want you to fuck me in my pussy first and then you can take my ass. I really want to feel you fill my ass but you have to get your cock wet first.
Jeff reached down between them and guided his cock into her pussy and even though she was tight, he slid right into her juicy pussy. He pumped a few times then pulled out and aimed his cock at her asshole. He asked Brenda, "Are you sure you want me to fuck your ass?"
Brenda was demanding when she replied, "Jeff, FUCK MY ASS, NOW! I want to feel your cock buried in my ass as far as you can get it."
Without any further hesitation, Jeff pushed the head of his cock into Brenda's ass and then waited once he felt her body stiffen. After a few seconds, Brenda seemed to relax so Jeff started to move slowly in and out of her ass until he was able to push is whole cock into her body.
Brenda groaned and said, "God, I love the feeling of your cock in my ass! Now fuck me hard!"
Jeff didn't wait to be told twice as he began withdraw his cock he slammed it back into her. Jeff continued pumping in and out of Brenda's ass as she reached down and buried two fingers deep into her pussy.
Once again Brenda bucked and moaned, "I'm going to cum again soon."
Brenda moved her legs from being draped over the arms of the fishing chair and wrapped them around Jeff's waist which restricted his movements. Jeff reached down and pulled her legs apart and lifted them up so her calves were resting on his shoulders. He started pumping Brenda's ass faster and soon she said, "Jeff, I'm cumming......OH MY GOD.....I'm cumming....she began begging Jeff......please fuck my ass hard....slam your cock into my ass.....please oh please, don't stop."
Jeff obliged Brenda's plea and slammed into her ass as hard while speeding up his pumping action. Brenda's rectum was so tight it gripped Jeff's cock and soon he felt his sperm moving towards the end of his cock and as he continued to pump into Brenda's ass his orgasm reached fever pitch and he filled her anal cavity. They hugged each other tightly as the remnants of their orgasms subsided.
An alarm went off telling Brenda there was a fish on the line but neither Jeff nor Brenda wanted to pull apart. Brenda ignored the alarm as long as she could before she told Jeff come on; we have a fish to bring in.
Both of them begrudgingly let go of each other and Jeff pulled his shrinking cock out of Brenda's ass. Brenda realized when Jeff let go of her legs that she was going to have a small problem standing up because she was tired from fucking and second because they had been raised in the air so long that the blood had to work its way back into then.
Brenda instructed Jeff to get into the harness while she wiggled her legs to get them to work properly. Once Jeff was all harnessed, Brenda took him to the back railing, picked up the microphone and said, "Fish on" into the mic.
After Capt. Tim had cut the engine, Brenda helped Jeff put the pole into the harness cup and then she helped him back up to the chair and sit down. Brenda hooked Jeff's harness up to the chair harness in case he had a large fish on his line, so Jeff wouldn't be pulled overboard.
After Jeff was seated Brenda gave him instructions what to do to land his fish. When she finished she looked down at Jeff's cock and said, "Maybe I better get something to clean you up, this may take awhile." After saying that, Brenda went below deck to get a wash cloth and towel.
When Brenda returned she noticed that everyone except Capt. Tim was standing near Jeff watching him reel in the fish and then watch the line go back out again.
Brenda got down on her knees in front of Jeff and wrapped the warm soapy wash cloth around his cock and she pulled the fore skin back to clean the head of his cock as well. When she was finished cleaning Jeff's cock, she leaned in and sucked his cock into her mouth.
Within minutes Jeff's cock responded to Brenda's sucking and stood proudly from his crotch.
Sally asked Brenda if she could help do something and Brenda said, "Sure you can suck this while I get ready to help Jeff catch his fish."
Brenda and Sally traded places and Sally sucked and pumped Jeff's cock, stopping only briefly to nibble gently on the head.
Other boats were now moving into the fishing area and could see the naked people on the yacht. No one on the yacht tried to cover themselves and the boats that passed closer were able to see a close look at the bald pussies and tits on display.
Capt. Tim came down from the bridge to see how things were going and report that the radio was blaring out the news of naked females running around on a yacht. He said others were trying to find out where the yacht was located but no one was giving the coordinates for their position.
Capt. Tim worked with Brenda helping her get ready and at every opportunity he let his fingers dip into her sweet pussy only to have Brenda push against his hand showing her approval.
Debbie said, "The people on the other boats are looking for a show."
Looking at Bill Debbie asked, "Do you want to go down here near the railing and I will bend over and you can fuck me from behind?"
She didn't have to ask Bill twice because he followed her down to the railing, she bent over at the waist and parted her feet. Bill took his position behind her and aimed his cock at her young tender pussy and pushed forward.
Suddenly there were cheers coming from the nearby boats as they continued to troll past the yacht. Debbie looked over the railing and waved at the fishermen while Bill gripped her hips and slammed his cock into her.
At first Debbie's fucking was for show, she wanted others to see her pussy used, but then her orgasm started building as she looked and waved at the people watching her, she became more excited at having others watching her being fucked. Some of them called out asking if they could fuck her and Debbie smiled and waved at them.
All of this was way too much for Bill and he warned Debbie he was going to cum soon. Debbie encouraged him on by saying, "Oh Bill, please, you can cum in my pussy, I want you to fuck my little pussy hard and fast, oh please honey fuck me deeper, I want you to shoot your load deep inside me honey, ram your cock into my pussy, oh baby, fuck me."
This sent both of them over the edge and Bill started spurting his load deep inside Debbie's tight little pussy and Debbie pushed back against Bill's cock at the same time bucking her hips up and down and enjoying her orgasm with loud moans which got louder as her orgasm progressed.
Bill had to hold Debbie up by her hips because her legs were weak from her orgasm. Debbie continued to push back against Bill's cock and move her hips enjoying his cock in her pussy as her orgasm subsided.
Brenda saw Jeff's fish jump repeatedly providing some entertainment from its acrobatics between making runs. Brenda congratulated Jeff by saying, "Jeff, you have a very big Mahi-mahi on your line, I know you are going to have a lot of fun before you get that one on board."
Jeff didn't have any idea what a Mahi-mahi fish was but he knew that it was a fighter. Jeff was having the time of his life pulling the pole back and reeling in the line only to have the line pull back out again as his fish made its run. It took Jeff another twenty minutes before he was able to bring his fish near enough to the back of the ship where Brenda and Capt. Tim were waiting. Brenda had to gaff hook in her hand and she was prepared to gaff Jeff's fish when it came near enough.
Capt. Tim told Jeff, "You have a fish on your line many people come here to fish for and your fish looks like a beauty."
Brenda's arms moved swiftly as she made a stab with the gaff hook at the Mahi-mahi. With her speed and accuracy she was able to hook the fish right behind its head and with help from Capt. Tim they pulled the great fish over the railing onto the deck.
Jeff gave a sigh of relief grateful the rest his arms and to have the fish on board. After unbuckling himself from the fishing harness Jeff got out of the chair and joined the others who gathered around to the view the flopping fish.
Capt. Tim held up the Mahi-mahi and said, "Jeff you have a very nice female Mahi-mahi."
Jeff asked, "How can you tell it's a female?"
Capt. Tim said, "I can tell by its color. A female Mahi-mahi is yellow, green and even has these red dots of color.
Capt. Tim also said, "This fish if a favorite in many restaurants because of its great flavor."
Looking at the fish Jeff said, "Look at the dorsal fin it goes all the way down to the tail."
Capt. Tim said to Jeff, "You can eat this fish or we can make arrangements to get it to a taxidermist to have it mounted. It's up to you."
Jeff looked at Debbie and asked, "What do you think I should do with it?"
Debbie was quick to respond, "You can have it mounted and then when it's hanging on our wall, we can remember this experience and we can tell others about your fishing in Hawaii."
Jeff looked at Capt. Tim and Brenda and said, "Please do whatever it is you have to do so we can have it mounted."
Capt. Tim pulled out the scale to weigh the fish and read the numbers out loud, "Wow, nice fish, it weighs twenty nine pounds!"
Brenda came back with a camera and asked, "Do you want to take a picture with you holding the fish?"
Jeff said, "Yes I would love to have a picture of me holding the fish and then a few more with everyone else helping me hold the fish."
Brenda said, "We can do that because this camera has a timer on it, so we can all be in the picture."
Brenda snapped some pictures with Jeff, then Debbie and Jeff and then Sally, Bill, Debbie and Jeff then finally she set the camera up with timer activated and all of them smiled at the camera took their picture.
After the picture taking was finished, Brenda took the fish to the onboard cooler to store it until they reach port again.
Everyone was excited and decided they could use a drink. When Brenda returned from the cooler, she helped Bill and Sally finish making the round of drinks.
Everyone sat around idly talking about this and that as if they had been friends for many years. Finally Debbie leaned over to Capt. Tim and said, "You know it's still early in the day but I think we should take advantage of the time and do something that I requested last night."
Capt. Tim looked at Debbie with a puzzled look and then he suddenly smiled and said, "I remember you have a special request for yourself and you extended it to both Brenda and Sally."
Jeff jumped into the conversation and said, "Yes, I think it will be sexy as hell to see you with all your holes filled at the same time. The problem is, which one of us get which hole?"
Everyone looked toward Debbie for her answer when Brenda came to her rescue. Brenda suggested, "Since Capt Tim has the biggest cock of the three guys, you should let him fuck your pussy so he doesn't do any damage to your asshole."
Debbie thought that over and said, "Yes Capt. Tim you are well endowed and I think Brenda has the right idea."
Capt. Tim said, "I want you to receive pleasure and not pain so I will do whatever you want me to do and if it hurts, I want you to tell me so I can stop."
Debbie agreed with Capt. Tim and said, "I will tell you if it gets too much for me."
Going on Brenda said, "You and toss a coin to see who gets your ass and of course that leaves only your mouth to fill with the third guy."
Brenda went to the bar and picked up a coin and showed it to Bill and Jeff then before tossing it, she said, "Call it in the air."
Everyone heard Bill call, "Heads" while Jeff remain silent on purpose.
The coin landed on the deck and rolled about 10 feet before it stopped and flopped on its side. Brenda walked over to the coin and looked at it to find that it was tails up giving Jeff the choice of which hole he wanted to fill on his wife.
Everyone looked at Jeff and then Jeff asked Debbie, "Do mind if I fuck your mouth so I can watch the other guys filling your other holes?"
Debbie jumped up and ran around to Jeff's side of the table and hugged him saying, "Jeff honey, I want you to see me and feel me enjoying myself and if fucking my mouth is the position you want to have then it will be your cock going down my throat."
Capt. Tim made a suggestion, "We can go up on the sun deck so we will have a bit of privacy."
Debbie thought about it for a second then asked Jeff, "Do you want to go up there?"
Jeff said, "Let's go!" He got up out of his chair and hooked arms with Debbie and off the two of them went towards the stairs that would take them up on the sun deck followed closely by Capt. Tim, Brenda, Sally and Bill.
Each one of the guys was preceded by a stiff cock, standing straight out from his groin. There was no doubt in anyone's mind that this was going to be an experience neither one wanted to sit out.
When they got up on the sun deck, Brenda pulled some of the mats off the loungers and put them on the floor so no one would get rug burns.
Meanwhile there as some discussion how Debbie was going to be positioned to give her maximum pleasure for her first time having a cock in each hole at the same time.
Finally it was decided that since Capt. Tim had the longest cock, he should lay on the mat on his back. Then Debbie should mount him while facing him and then leaning forward so Bill could have her asshole up in the air for his assault. Finally it was decided that Jeff would kneel to one side or the other of Capt. Tim and present his cock to her mouth from the side.
Before getting into position Brenda told Debbie, "Bend over and spread your ass cheeks for me girlfriend."
Debbie looked questioningly at Brenda until she saw the bottle of baby oil in her hand. Debbie moved over next to Brenda, turned around and then after parting her feet, she bent over at the waist and pulled her ass cheeks apart so her asshole could be lubed.
The others stood and watched as Brenda squirted some baby oil on Debbie's asshole and then put her index finger on it and pushed inward until she had her first knuckle inside. Moving her finger back and forth, Brenda kept squirting more oil into Debbie's asshole until she was good and slippery.
Then Brenda walked over to Bill and squirted some oil on his cock and worked it in with her hand saying, "I don't want you to hurt my friend so I am making sure both of you are well oiled before anything gets started."
Debbie walked over and stood on the mats and called the guys together. She wanted everyone to hug her in the middle before they took part in this next sexual adventure.
After the hug Debbie said, "Let's get these holes filled shall we."
Capt. Tim got into position and then Debbie squatted down directly over Capt. Tim's cock, lining it up with her pussy and then sliding down it. Debbie moved up and down his cock a few times to make sure it was going to slide easy before leaning forward and saying, "Ok Bill, my asshole is all yours."
Bill kneeled behind her and lined his cock up with Debbie's ass before pushing forward. He had trouble putting his cock in her ass because Capt. Tim's cock really filled the void of Debbie's pussy.
Bill said, "I will go slowly so your asshole can stretch a little because the horse cock you already have in your pussy is taking up all the available space."
Everyone laughed and with Debbie giggling, Bill was able to push a little more of his cock into her.
Sally asked Brenda to lie down off to the side of Capt. Tim so they would be out of the way and when Brenda was down on her back; Sally dropped to her knees in front of Brenda and pushed her feet wide apart. Sally leaned forward and started working on Brenda's pussy.
After only a few minutes, Brenda had Sally turn around so they could share in a 69.
Meanwhile Jeff was standing off to the side stroking his cock watching the guys impale his wife on their cocks. He knew once they were in position he was going to get to push is cock into her third and final hole.
Jeff looked over at Sally and Brenda and instantly he wanted to push is cock up Sally's pussy so Brenda could lick his cock as well as Sally's pussy.
Moving behind Sally Jeff looked down at Brenda's face and asked, "While I am waiting, do you mind if I push my cock into Sally?"
Brenda looked up and said, "Please bring your cock down here."
Jeff kneeled behind Sally, moved forward so he was close enough to push is cock into her.
One final look down at Brenda, Jeff pushed his cock into Sally's tight pussy and felt Brenda's tongue licking the underside of his cock. As he pulled out Brenda's tongue was right there licking and it felt so weird to Jeff having his cock licked as he fucked.
Sally on the other hand had to stop licking Brenda because her orgasm overtook her with the addition of a cock to the stimulation Brenda was giving her clit.
Everything was interrupted when Debbie groaned and said, "OH MY GOD, that feels so good!"
Followed by, "Jeff I am ready to take your cock down my throat," Debbie moaned in ecstasy.
Jeff politely excused himself and moved over to the side of Capt. Tim where Debbie was leaning waiting for her third hole to be filled.
Jeff presented his cock in front of Debbie's face and she opened her mouth and sucked it in as far as she could. Jeff leaned backwards sliding his cock out of her mouth when Debbie said, "Jeff fuck my throat, hold the back of my head and make me take all of you."
Jeff looked down at his wife and then placed both of his hands on the back of her head and pulled her face towards his groin. Debbie retched and bucked but soon all of Jeff's cock was in her mouth and throat all the way to his pubic. He held her head in place and then allowed her to pull away.
When Debbie's mouth was clear of Jeff's cock, she exclaimed, "WOW....that was fantastic, please do it again, I want you to cum down my throat!"
Jeff once again pulled Debbie's head towards his groin and impaled her throat on his cock. Jeff realized there was a difference once the head of his cock passed the entrance of Debbie's throat and he immediately loved the feeling. Now each time as he fucked into her mouth he would pull enough so his cock popped into her throat.
Meanwhile Debbie was experiencing a different sensation in the lower part of her body from the double penetration from Capt. Tim and Bill. With both cocks filling her, Capt. Tim's cock was forced to rub against her clit and both guys had figured out how they could pump into Debbie in harmony so all three received pleasure.
There was a symphony of pleasurable moans and groans as the four on one side fucked and the other two licked each other's pussy. Everyone was squirming around in the mats to maximize the pleasure to giving and taking.
As the heavy breathing got stronger and the moaning got louder it was evident that there were going to be some major orgasms soon. Finally Debbie couldn't take it anymore and exploded in a wild orgasm followed by each one of the guys. They each bucked and pushed and moaned as they each reached the pinnacle of pleasure. On the mats was a mass of quivering flesh as each person gratefully milked the last of their orgasms.
Sally and Brenda were close behind experiencing their third and final orgasm before collapsing in the mats soaked in sweat from the heat of the sun.
Everyone kind of waited their turn to untangle from each other until all six were laid out on the mats gasping for more air and enjoying the breeze as it blew across the sun deck.
It was close to a half an hour before anyone moved. Their bodies exhausted from all the activity since yesterday afternoon.
Finally Brenda asked, "Does anyone want a bottle of water or a drink?"
A rousing "YES!" could be heard from each person sprawled out on the mats.
Sluggishly Brenda got to her feet and wandered over to the refrigerator on the sun deck and took out six bottles of water and brought them back to the mats. Everyone sat up and took a bottle of water, uncapped it and took a long swig.
Debbie finally said, "Holy shit that was an experience I want to try again! Each time I've tried something new and experience provided a more satisfying orgasm than the ones I have had previous, I think nothing could be better however this time I think I have topped the scale."
Speaking up Jeff said, "I have to tell you that my cock head sliding into your throat is a sexual experience I want to try again. It feels really weird but at the same time very good."
Bill took his turn to say, "That's the first time my cock has ever been that close to another cock and I have to tell you all, being part of a double penetration is a sensation that is so surreal it's indescribable."
Bill when on to say, "Only that thin membrane separates each of your holes Debbie and I could feel Capt. Tim's cock and I am sure he could feel my cock pumping into you."
Capt. Tim said, "Being part of a double penetration sure enough feels very different and I am looking forward to doing it again. Debbie I can glad that I was the one fucking your pussy because I know with my size I probably would have caused you damage. Please keep that in mind if you ever want to do another double penetration with someone who is hung like me."
Debbie said in a low sweet voice said, "I want to thank all three of you for being so concerned about my safety and making my first triple penetration so exceptionally enjoyable. Each of you enjoyed my body but in doing so, you provided me with your passion and an experience I will always remember."
Brenda and Sally looked at each other and Sally asked, "Are you interested in trying what Debbie did?"
Brenda said, "Yes I want to try everything because our gracious guests have given me the opportunity which may never come my way again."
Brenda smiled and looked directly at both Jeff and Debbie and whispered, "Thank you!"
Bill made the comment, "I need a snack before I go through another round of energy sapping sexual activity."
The girls laughed and Sally asked, "Does this mean you can't keep going? Are you saying that you have finally found "Mission Impossible" in trying to take care of all this pussy?"
Bill laughed and said, "Nope, I can handle it, I just want some nourishment so I can send you packing with a load."
Again everyone laughed and all of them got up from the mats and started walking towards the stairs that would take them to the lower deck.
When they reached the lower deck Brenda announced, "There's an open shower stall on this deck over on the side if you want to follow me, I will show you."
Standing in front of the shower, Brenda turned it on and stepped under the spray of water soon Bill stepped under the water with her.
Everyone watched as they each washed and then as one would step out one of the others would step in under the spray. There was no need for privacy between the members of this group any longer; each one had shared each other's body during the past twenty four hours.
After getting out of the shower, Brenda and Sally went to work fixing lunch for everyone while Bill mixed drinks for anyone who wanted one.
During lunch, Capt. Tim brought out his schedule and announced some possible dates for a second cruise with Jeff and Debbie as the guests.
Bill added that if there was going to be a second cruise, Jeff would have to once again request the services of his appointed butler and maid so the hotel would allow them to come on the cruise.
Debbie quickly added, "We will do that immediately after we return to the hotel. There is no way we are going to split up our group of new friends."
Capt. Tim said, "The next cruise is on me as a wedding present for Jeff and Debbie and as a gesture of my friendship for the entire group."
Then Capt. Tim said to Jeff and Debbie, "You're still going to be the guests on the next cruise so both of you get to set the rules, are they going to be the same as on this cruise?"
Both Jeff and Debbie started to speak at the same time but Debbie stopped as Jeff continued, "We most certainly want our wedding present cruise to be a nude occasion so I want all of us to be naked as soon as we pass into international waters."
Debbie piped up with, "Hey hey, what a wonderful day, plenty of sunshine and plenty of play, my oh my, we are going to have a fucking great day!"
Between everyone at the table they carved out another cruise which would last for two days. Capt. Tim marked the dates in his log book and leaned back saying, "All of you are the greatest. Each of you has added something to this cruise making it the best cruise I have even taken. Even my First Mate here has shown me she can handle her duties on the ship and make the guests comfortable."
Looking at Sally and Bill, Capt. Tim said, "This is the first time I have sailed with you two but I will make a point of talking to the hotel management and get you out here as often as possible. If they don't listen to me, maybe I will hire you to work for me and then we won't have to worry about clearing your days at the hotel."
Neither Sally nor Bill knew exactly what to say but both of them smiled and said, "Thank you so much."
Capt. Tim informed everyone, "We have about two more hours before we have to start heading back to port. Brenda and I need to clean the ship and get it re-stocked for the next cruise."
Debbie said, "If all of you want to relax and enjoy the sun and get a tan we can go up on the sun deck and lounge."
Capt. Tim said, "Don't forget to use plenty of sunscreen when we go up there because the sun is hot this time of day and you will burn easy up there in the salty air."
Brenda got up and walked up to the sun deck to get it ready for lounging. She replaced all the cushions on the loungers and cleaned up the mess left over from the sexual free for all. By the time the others arrived, she had everything ready.
Sally and Brenda were talking and then Brenda said, "We have decided we would like the option to reserve our chance for having all three guys at once until the next cruise so we can lounge with all of you."
Jeff was quick to add, "You know that is an option you can take anytime, it was offered to you by my wife and I know she will make that offer good."
There was no further discussion so everyone chose a lounge and sat down to relax in the sun.
Two hours passed quickly and soon, Capt. Tim got up and went to the bridge to get the ship underway back towards port.
About a half an hour of moving, Brenda was summoned to the bridge and then returned to tell everyone they were about to enter coastal waters.
Brenda said, "Capt. Tim said if you are going to stand up or walk around on the ship, you need to have some clothes on. If you are going to remain on the sun deck for awhile longer, you can remain naked but have something handy to like a towel to wrap around you. Capt. Tim said he would notify me again before you have to put some clothes on."
Everyone agreed they wanted to stay naked as long as possible so they stayed on their lounge chairs. Brenda passed out a towel to each of them.
Finally Capt. Tim paged Brenda and she announced, "It's time to get something on, we will be in port soon."
Brenda, Sally, Bill, Debbie and Jeff got up and wrapped their towels around them and walked down to the lower deck and then down to their cabins. They selected the clothes they were going to wear and put them on.
Sally came into Jeff and Debbie's cabin and pulled their bag out of the closet and started packing for them. When she was done, she took their bags up on deck and put them next to the other bags already up there.
Brenda was busy doing her duties as the First Mate and didn't have much time to sit and talk but she was constantly smiling as she went about her work.
Sally, Bill, Debbie and Jeff sat at the table and talked quietly while waiting for the ship to dock. They were making plans for their return to the hotel.
The discussion involved what activities were available to Jeff and Debbie for the next week.
Sally said, "I have a day off coming up and I would love to take you over to the private nude beach about an hour from the hotel. I've never gone there because I have always been shy about my body, which until yesterday when I learned to be proud of it."
Bill asked, "Are the three of you going alone or am I eventually going to be invited?
There was some giggles from the girls and a chuckle from Jeff who said to Bill, "Are you kidding me, you are part of this group and we travel together."
Sally smiled at Bill and said, "Babe, our relationship has changed forever thanks to Debbie and Jeff, I hope you can handle the change and enjoy yourself. Of course you were included in that offer I didn't think it was necessary to name names."
As they were all agreeing to the new adventure, Brenda and Capt. Tim approached them and said, "Well, we are tied up to the pier and we need to get cleaned up."
Capt. Tim added that he had called the hotel and had a car sent out to pick them up and should be waiting for them at the top of the ramp.
There was a sullen moment when everyone realized the end had come, at least for this cruise. A lot had happened in the past twenty four hours and new friendships forged.
Debbie hugged Brenda tightly whispering, "I love you girlfriend. Thank you so much for everything you have done for us."
Jeff shook Capt. Tim's hand and thanked him for the wonderful cruise and on a cheery note said, "I am looking forward to coming aboard again soon."
Capt. Tim assured Jeff he would make arrangements for the next cruise and have everything ready.
Debbie made her way to Capt. Tim and once she got near him she hugged him to her body and thanked him for everything. She said, "I want to especially want to thank you for helping me fulfill my fantasy and for that I will always be grateful."
Debbie said, "I am looking forward to being back on your ship and I can wait to get you out of those clothes again."
Bill and Sally picked up the bags and stepped onto the pier and waited for Debbie and Jeff to catch up.
With another quick hug for both Brenda and Capt. Tim, Debbie stepped on the gang plank and walked down to the pier.
Turning to wave goodbye to Capt. Tim and Brenda, the group was off to find the car that was waiting for them.
To Be Continued...
**Thank you for taking time to read my story.
**Please let me know what you think by using the features below.
**If you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.
**Please vote and rate my story