My Birthday
NaughtySqueaky
Friday - 5:10 PM
As Linda drove home from work, the weekend was the only thing on her mind. Work had been an absolute bitch, and she needed time to kick back and relax. She hadn't planned a thing except for vegging out, reading a book, and pottering around in her garden.
A family will bequeath Linda the house on the north side of Brisbane near Redcliffe a few years ago. It sat in the middle of just over two hectares or five acres. She loved her little plot and had spent many hours and dollars replanting the bare patches with indigenous plants, especially around the house. Her favourite place to relax is in the back. Trees and bushes she'd planted enclosed the yard and the swimming pool.
Linda had planted only Australian Native plants and spent hours nurturing them. As they say, build it, they will come, and they did. She never ceased to be entertained by the constant parade of native birds and wildlife that visited to forage amongst the Grevillea, Banksia, Acacia and Callistemon. Her favourites are the comical Rainbow Lorikeets.
Tomorrow is Linda's thirty-third birthday. Over the years and after spending all her spare time raising her son, it had faded in importance until becoming just another date on the calendar. Her son Dan always remembered, bought her a gift, kissed her on the cheek and gave her a big cuddle. Recently though, his lips seemed to be getting closer and closer to hers and lingering longer. The other thing she noticed was the energy in his cuddles. She couldn't quite decide between possessiveness or wantonness, although his age would explain the wantonness. It made her feel good, knowing that at least someone still found her desirable, even if it was her hormonal son.
After parking her car and checking for mail, she kicked her shoes off at the front door and walked inside. Linda knew her son Dan wouldn't be home for a couple of hours, so she decided to swim before organising something for dinner. She peeled her clothes off as she walked into her bedroom. Momentarily, looking at herself, naked in the full-length wardrobe door mirrors. Linda was comfortable with what she saw looking back at her. The lingering desire to be a few kilos lighter was ever-present.
Linda had long enjoyed the freedom of swimming nude in her pool, only refraining when Dan was home. Quite often, she'd quickly strip off and dive in after Dan had left the house to go out with mates or had gone away for a weekend camping somewhere. Linda silently laughed, thinking,Who knows what would happen if he caught me? Again she peeked at the mirror and grinned as she walked passed, noticing that a trim and shave would be needed when she had her shower.
She grabbed a towel from the linen cupboard, then stopped, looked at the towel, deciding that she hadn't needed it before and put it back. A slight veil of nervousness draped over her as she walked away. Sure, Linda had lost track of time a few times and come close to being caught. The thrill of a close call always gave her an unexpected rush that excited her, making her whole body tingle, but she wasn't quite game enough to push it to the extreme of blatant or even 'accidental' exposure.
The sudden coolness was refreshing as her body sliced through the water. Linda enjoyed long periods of floating on the surface, enjoying the solitude and silence of immersion and the feel of the water enveloping her naked body. She grasped every opportunity to indulge. The turbulence in the water as she swam or floated around felt like soft caresses. The same rippling effect on her hardened nipples, currents wafting through her sparse pubic hair, and the buoyant wobbling of her tits only added to the sensations and her imagination.
In the past, when she was sure she wouldn't be interrupted, naked swims had aroused her so much that she had used the sun lounge on her back patio for moments of self-indulgence. Not to mention dealing with her needs while standing in front of one of the pool jets as the filter pumped water back into the pool. A fleeting thought of being an enjoyable way to relax was all she needed to decide. If she hurried, this could be one of those days and quickly glanced over her shoulder at the house.
Linda stood in front of the jet, her head and shoulders above the pool coping. Leaning there, her arms resting on the coping and her head on her hands, closing her eyes, she moved her hips ever so slightly across the jet stream. The turbulence on her pussy made her lips flutter and vibrate. She edged a bit closer, the stream buffeting her clit. Linda moaned as her legs slowly raised and lowered her, the jet stream rhythmically sweeping up and down her pussy's slit. The fluttering and vibrations rose and fell in intensity as the roller coaster of sensations flowed through her body. Her orgasm arrived sooner than expected, her stomach muscles tensing and then relaxing as her orgasm unleashed. Even in the water, fireworks showered throughout her body, and her skin flushed and tingled. Linda, moving away from the jet stream, consoled her stimulated pussy with light caresses until her body calmed. She hummed her delight at the unexpected opportunity.
A little shiver reminded Linda she was still in the pool and told her that her body had had enough cold water. A quick look at the kitchen windows and the sliding glass doors to reassure herself nobody was there. A casual walk up the steps, across the grass, and the patio, then in through the sliding glass doors,See, nothing to it, she thought, reassuring herself about being outside naked and promising to do it again soon.
Linda wrapped her hand around the handle for the sliding door, and before she realised what had happened, the door slid open. There, standing almost in a mirror pose, was Dan. Linda was so startled she froze, and everything turned surreal. She looked at Dan's face and saw his lips moving.
"Mum... Mum, Are you alright? I saw you in the pool and didn't see a towel, so I got one for you," stated Dan, not offering her the towel.
"Um... towel... um," mumbled Linda,
"Here... take my hand. The floor is very slippery when your feet are wet..." stated Dan, offering his hand for his mother to hold.
Still stunned, she took the offer and stepped through the doorway. Dan then turned and led her to the bathroom. With the towel draped over one forearm and his mother's hand at waist height in his other hand, they looked as though they were off to a gala dinner. Except, quite a few things were missing.
Dan walked her to the bathroom and turned to face her. "I'll go and put the kettle on," then hung the towel on the rack and left, leaving the door wide open. Linda watched him leave and then walked into the shower. It wasn't until the water hit her that reality returned, and massive waves of bewilderment and embarrassment engulfed her.What the fuck just happened? Where the fuck was he? Jesus, I was fucking naked, and he just stood there as if nothing was wrong. Christ, He saw me naked. How fucking embarrassing is that? Jesus, That'll go straight to the fucking locker room. Fuck!!!
Linda finished her shower and dried herself off. Grabbing her gown from behind the door, she put it on as she left, only then realising the door had been left wide open.Jesus, I had a shower with the fucking door open that puts the icing on the cake,admonishing herself as she walked into the kitchen.
Whatever it was, Linda knew she had to deal with it. She knew she had to cut off any teenage boasting and locker-room bragging. Dan was sitting at the breakfast bar sipping his mug of tea, hers waiting there, near her stool. For some strange reason, probably an attempt to obscure or blot out what he'd seen, she had wrapped her gown to her neck and tied the belt extra tight.
"We need to talk..." declared Linda as she sat down,
"Yes, we do... Do you trust me?" asked Dan,
Linda looked at him, not sure what was about to happen. Any hope of controlling the conversation was gone.
"Of course I do... What sort of question is that?" protested Linda,
"No, Do you trust me?" asked Dan again. The look on his face expressed the gravity of his question.
"Yes... Of course, I trust you, really trust you," answered Linda, a hint of frustrated anger tainting her words.
"Good... Then I'll make you a deal,"
"Alright, Lets here it," Linda answered, an uncertain look on her face.
"The deal is... Whatever happens in our home. Stays in our home when either one of us does this..." with that said, Dan reached over and lightly placed his finger across Linda's lips as if he was shushing her.
They sat looking at each other for a few moments, and then Linda stuck out her hand and said, "Agreed,"
Dan smiled and repeated, "Agreed," gripping and shaking her hand.
"Right, First things first...You saw me naked before, so..." said Linda, reaching toward him and placing her finger across his lips.
"Does that go for all the other times I've seen you skinny dipping in the pool," asked Dan. Linda sat there stunned, "Umm... Yes, Yes, of course, it does,"
"What about watering the garden, hanging the washing out and..." Linda was gobsmacked.
"Exactly how many times have you seen me naked," she asked,
"Oh, I dunno, dozens, I don't keep score," explained Dan,
"You never said anything," stated Linda,
"Why would I, You looked so happy. You looked relaxed, carefree and comfortable, and, and so beautiful," quickly added Dan, blushing slightly, then continued, "I didn't want to spoil that for you,"
Linda was speechless. She didn't know whether to scold him for not telling her that he'd seen her naked so often or to thank him for being considerate and not embarrassing her. She decided that thanking him was the better option. "Thank you for not saying anything and embarrassing the hell out of me, and thank you for putting my feelings before the locker room,"
"No Problem, Mum, If you enjoy being nude, go for it. You never know, I might join you," said Dan as he stood up and approached his mother. He made eye contact and held it. He held his hands out as if he were, asking her to stand. She took his prompt and stood in front of him. He lowered her hands and let them hang at her sides. His next move could make or break their relationship and get ugly quickly.
Dan's hands slowly went to the knot in her gown belt and quickly untied it. Linda gasped as it fell apart and the straps hit her legs. Before the gown gaped open, Dan's hands came up and gripped the collars. Linda's hands came up and covered his. Their hands together at the threshold. Linda knew what he was about to do. Would she let him? He could see that Linda was struggling for control, struggling to decide to stop him or let him go. Her eyes pleaded her predicament.
Linda took a big breath, still holding their eye contact, and took her hands away.
She felt his hands move, and her gown start to part. Her mind was racing. In one fluid action, her robe opened, slid from her shoulders and then down her arms. Dan held it in his hands and folded it over the back of her barstool. Countless thoughts and questions flashed through Linda's mind. Instinctively her hands came up to cover her, to protect her modesty, then fell away, resigning to the fact that it was already far too late. If he had seen her naked so many times, then there was little point, so she stood there.
"May I..." asked Dan,
Briefly unsure of what he was asking, then realising that he was asking permission to look at her, she nodded and closed her eyes. She didn't have to see him looking at her. She could feel it.
Linda felt his eyes wandering over her body. Taking in every wrinkle, crease, fold and blemish. Although embarrassing and nerve-racking, fearing what he might think, Linda was becoming aroused. Her nipples hardened, throbbing with each heartbeat. Her clit tingled, signalling its' need for attention. Thoughts ofGod, No, Please don't look, Please don't see my pussy getting wet, Please, pleaded Linda from within. But Dan did see, smiling to himself, the knowledge of his mother being turned on by standing there pleased him no end. He shuffled around Linda until he was back in front of her and looked at her face. He could see she was now rebelling against a new challenge, her mind struggling to deny her body's arousal. Her teeth bit her bottom lip to provide a painful distraction.
Dan reached down and took her hands. Linda opened her eyes and looked at him, looking at his face for any reaction, good or bad. All she saw was admiration and appreciation.
Their eyes locked together, "Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?" he asked,
"Thank you... I was afraid. I thought you might not, I didn't..." answered Linda coyly.
"You are the most beautiful woman I know, both inside and out. I would never think anything less of you,"
Dan saw tears begin to build in Linda's eyes and let go of her hands. He lifted her chin with a finger and coaxed her to come closer.
"May I kiss my beautiful and gloriously naked mother?" asked Dan. Linda blushed at the reminder of her nakedness. Their eyes closed as their lips met. After a bit of prompting by Dan, their tongues wrestled. Her arousal, after her orgasm in the pool, had gently simmered away until now.
When the kiss finally ended, Linda leaned back, breathless, and looked at him through dreamy eyes.God, if he kisses me like that again. I'm in a lot of trouble.
For the second time in as many minutes, their lips met. From that moment on, Dan ramped up the tempo, and his hands targeted the places her body liked to be touched. They roamed freely, venturing further and further but teasingly, avoiding her nipples and pussy. His lips left hers, and butterfly kissed their way to the side of her neck.
Her head leaned to the side, offering more of her most sensitive erogenous zone to his mouth. Thoughts of who was doing what to her body vapourised.
By the time he was halfway to her ear, leaving a trail of feather-like kisses and soft swipes with the tip of his tongue, Linda had succumbed to the onslaught of attention. Her inner fires stoked into an inferno.
Without lifting his lips completely away from Linda's neck, Dan's hands glided down her arms stopping at her hands. It was time to push the envelope. Gently and persuasively, he guided Linda's hands, one to her pussy and the other to a tit. With his hands over hers and her heightened level of arousal, he coaxed her into touching herself. One hand firmly and rhythmically kneaded her tit, rolling and pulling the nipple. Her other caressing her pussy. Dan lifted his hands away and grinned when her hands didn't stop. His mother moaned in appreciation when his lips returned to her neck and his hands to her body.
Linda moaned as the hands on her body doubled. The sensations doubled along with her desires. She was becoming more desperate by the second, and she wasn't going to stop until she got what she needed.
Off in her stimulated world, her mind disconnecting her from where and who. Her hands, no longer her own, worked with her mind and body to achieve one goal, orgasm. Two fingers parted her pussy lips. Her legs slowly spread as her knees bent, her hips rolling back, offering the fingers better access. Pussy juice visibly coated her fingers as they slid deeper. Her fingers disappeared beneath the folds, Linda moaning as they entered her. A couple of pumps in and out, and her fingers withdrew, returning to her clit and began drawing circles. The frequency and depth of her moans increased as Linda rode the waves of sensations.
Dan stepped back and sat on his stool. He watched as his mother, completely immersed in her arousal, stood there and masturbated. He watched as her fingers rubbed her clit faster and harder, dipping them deep into her pussy and then quickly returning to her clit. Her legs started shaking as her stomach muscles tensed, pulling her forward. Her head went back, craning her neck, and she began losing her rhythm. Linda looked skyward, her eyes rolling back in her head. Her mouth gaped open, releasing a deep reverberating groan.
Linda's entire body shuddered as the intense sensations radiating from her clit dragged her over to the edge. Her legs faltered, turning to rubber as her orgasm exploded between her legs. The darkness behind her eyelids dissipated by the most brilliant fireworks Linda had ever seen. Every burst of light and colour showered swirling sparks and flashing embers throughout her body. Wave after relentless wave hammered her body for longer than she had ever experienced before and began to ebb away. Gasping for breath, Linda began to slump to the floor. The massive orgasm had drained her of energy.
Within a nano-second, Dan caught her in his arms and scooped her up. Linda's body was jerking erratically from her waning orgasm as he carried her to her bedroom. The orgasm faded slowly into a fond memory, her body calming. She snuggled into him as he walked. Now swamped by euphoria, her body practically glowing with sexual satisfaction, Linda was almost asleep when they reached her bed. After being lowered, she shuffled into the middle and rolled onto her side, getting comfortable. Her eyes opened, and she looked at him.
Without speaking, she placed a hand in front of her and patted the mattress. Dan went to get onto the bed but stopped when Linda subtly coughed. Realising what she wanted, he quickly stripped off before continuing, and Linda smiled. When he was lying beside her, she snuggled into him, tucked under one of his arms, her head resting on his upper chest.
Her eyes slowly closed, "You're very naughty doing that to me and making me do what I did... very naughty indeed," she softly said as the sandman came for her.
Friday - 10:00 PM
Linda began to awaken but didn't open her eyes. The first thing that alerted her to something different was the feeling of lying against warm bare skin. Memories of the evening came back, and tears began to well. She was still naked, beside her son, after inviting him into her bed. What had she done? Her son had caught her naked, walking around, and probably watched her in the shower. Then she had masturbated in the kitchen while he sat there and watched. She had motioned him to take his clothes off and invited him into her bed. Fear and guilt swelled within her. More tears flowed.
Linda sniffled. Dan, instantly awake, rolled onto his side.
"What's the matter, Mum," he asked,
Linda grinned, "That's what the matter is..." she paused and took a deep breath. "I'm your mother... I'm in my bed naked, next to my naked son. He's naked because I asked him to. He is in my bed because I invited him," another breath. "I won't even go near the kitchen,"
There was a pregnant pause of silence.
"OK... So you think you're a slut..." stated Dan. Linda gasped at the vulgar term she hadn't heard in years. Dan continued.
"Let's look at this point by point and work it out," instructed Dan, briefly pausing,
"One. You are my mother and always will be. I can't do anything about that," Linda's mouth fell open, then quickly snapped shut as Dan leaned over, winked then smacked her on the lips.
"Two. You always sleep naked, and I don't want to do anything about that," again, Dan winked and gave Linda another smack on the lips, only this one lingering slightly longer.
"Three, I am your son, and I hope you don't want to do anything about that," another wink and a kiss.
"Four, Yes, I am naked, which I became at the request of said Mother, and I certainly don't want to do anything about that," another wink and a more serious kiss.
"Five. Yes, I am in my mother's bed at the invitation of said Mother, and again I certainly don't want to do anything about that," another wink and a devastating kiss.
"Let's see, You're my mother, I'm your son, You're naked, I'm naked, and we are in your bed..." A wink and a kiss that almost had Linda purring. Dan pulled away from the kiss and put his thumb and index finger along the sides of his jaw, humming and faux thinking.
"Yes... it's confirmed, you are a slut," A wink and a kiss that made Linda's toes curl. "Now... You must be starving. Let's get something to eat, and I'll make a pot of tea," declared Dan as he jumped up, grabbed Linda's hand and virtually towed her off the bed. When her feet hit the floor, he scooped her into his arms and carried her to the kitchen.
As they reached the kitchen, Dan lowered her feet to the floor. Linda wrapped her arms around Dan's neck and kissed him. "Thank you," she whispered as their lips parted. She released and turned away from him, then began making toasted ham and cheese sandwiches. Dan put the kettle on and prepped the tea.
"So what am I being thanked for?" asked Dan as he stood there waiting for the water to boil.
Linda didn't stop what she was doing but answered, "For stopping kissing me,"
"Really," Dan replied with a curious look on his face.
Again Linda didn't stop what she was doing, "Yes... If you hadn't stopped, I would never have been able to leave the bedroom,"
With everything prepared and served, they decided to eat out on the patio. The night was warm and mildly humid, not uncomfortable by any means.
When they had finished eating, dishes were washed and put away. With cups of tea, they turned all the lights off and shifted to the sun lounge. There wasn't a cloud in the sky. The darkness swallowed them as they lay gazing up at the stars and spotting the occasional satellite as it streaked overhead.
For some inexplicable reason, Linda couldn't resist the urge to snuggle up to Dan, as she had done in the bedroom, tucking herself under one of his arms. Her head resting on his upper chest, an arm draped across his ribs and a bent leg laying on his thigh. She sighed as she relaxed. With Dan lightly stroking her bare back, Linda drifted off to sleep.
Dan smiled into the darkness, his birthday plan well and truly on the table.
Saturday - My Birthday
Memories of the evening filled Linda's night, Dan seeing her naked at the backdoor, masturbating to orgasm in the kitchen as he watched, then carrying Linda into bed after her orgasm.My God, What an orgasm. I've never cum that hard before,her mind added. Best of all were the memories of how he touched and kissed her. Dan had stirred her arousal into a virtual firestorm and enticed her to masturbate for relief. Linda dreamed of other things, things that might be, things they could do together, and she wondered if he ate pussy or if he would find it gross. She dreamed of having her pussy eaten, enjoying the pleasures a tongue can give.
Linda moaned almost inaudibly in her sleep, her mind flitting back and forth from masturbating in the kitchen to having her pussy eaten. Her body began gently writhing to the rhythm of her dreams, her orgasm moments away. Her hands floated towards her pussy, finding and encasing a head, her fingers entwining in the hair. Linda held on, not wanting it to leave or the tongue to stop.
Suddenly the tactile sensations reached her brain. Hair, she felt hair. In the same heartbeat, her orgasm smashed into her like a meteor. The impact showered tumultuous explosions of sparks and embers throughout her body. Linda's body tensed and relaxed erratically, every nerve ending misfiring, intensifying the onslaught. Fireworks ignited in a barrage of light and vibrant colours.
The power of her orgasm roused her from her sleep. Her hands released the head and grabbed at the sun lounge. Her hips lifted, thrusting her pussy at the tongue for more contact before pulling back as her clit's sensitivity became intolerable. Her body slumped onto the sun lounge, wave after wave broke then receded, her clit hypersensitive and throbbing wildly.
Too quickly, her orgasm faded into another memory. Linda's world slowly settled, her body becoming serene as the saturation of euphoria replaced the flush of potent estrogen. Hands glided across her skin, lightly caressing her. Linda opened her eyes, her glazed view exposing her son Dan and his girlfriend Jane, both naked, lying on the sun lounge on each side of her. Her view took in her legs, spread wide apart and draped over their torsos.
Sounds of the side gate closing and a vehicle driving away caught Linda's attention. Dan saw the quizzical look on her face and explained before she could ask.
"That's your new alarm clock, your birthday present... Happy Birthday" greeted Dan, and kissed his mother on the cheek.
My new alarm clock was what Linda wanted to say but what came out was, "Mmmm... Thank you," One of her arms raised and lay across her forehead, covering her eyes as they slid shut. Her thoughts hovered over her abating orgasm and her new alarm clock. Maybe this is wheretrust mecomes into play, assuming he'd tell her later. Then another thought filtered into her mind,That's one hell of a birthday present.
They lay there quietly for a few minutes as Linda recovered. Dan announced, "Your breakfast is waiting," as he lifted his mother's leg off his torso and sat up. He briefly looked up and down his mother's naked body, smiled, and then stood holding out his hand. Linda looked up at the offered hand, took hold, and stood up. They walked hand in hand toward the table where her breakfast waited.
"Mmmm... this looks delicious," Linda said, pleasantly surprised. A beautiful continental breakfast was on the table in front of her, muesli, fruit salad, yoghurt, toast and a hot cup of tea.
"So... Tell me about my new alarm clock," enquired Linda as she sat down and began eating.
Dan looked at Jane and then at his mother.She seems very relaxed and accepting of what's happened so far,thought Dan before answering, "Your alarm clock will wake you up every morning,"
"Will I get to see or meet my alarm clock?"
Dan stopped chewing and swallowed, "Every day..." he stated before putting another spoonful of muesli in his mouth.
Linda smiled,thinking. Everyday, What the fuck, Anyone, Anywhere, every day.
"Does it come with an operator's manual?" she asked between bites. A faint little smile flashed across her face at the rhetorical question.
"Your alarm clock will wake you every morning for a month and then only on workdays,"
"That's one hell of a way to be woken up... What about weekends?" asked Linda, rubbing her thighs together, attempting to quieten the beast between her legs, stirring at the prospect. Dan didn't answer, just smiled.
After Linda had finished her breakfast, Jane cleared the table, and Dan stood up, again offering his hand.
"So what's next?" asked Linda as she finished her cup of tea and stood up, taking his hand.
"What's next is my birthday present to you," stated Jane as she returned to the patio. She walked over, took Linda's hand from Dan then led her toward the sun lounge, "I'm sorry we couldn't afford both of your presents, so we decided it would be more fun to do this one ourselves,"
"My birthday present is for you to have your pussy shaved every day from now on... so you look your best when you leave the house." declared Jane as Dan stepped up beside her with the shaving gear in his hands. Linda, looking aghast, had planned on doing that anyway but not so publicly or by her son, looked at both of them and then at Jane's bald pussy. Jane, picking up on the hesitation, reassured and prompted Linda to lie down before lying down beside her.
Laying there, both women turned their heads, looking at each other. Jane spoke softly and quietly to Linda, "He's very good at it. He does mine every day. The search is to die for,"
"Search... What search?" Linda asked.
"Ssshhh... You wait. It's well worth it," promised Jane as she reassuringly took hold of Linda's hand.
I can't believe I'm lying here, waiting for my son to shave my pussy. I wonder how many mothers let their sons do that? That would be none,came her mind's reply. Linda smiled inwardly, closed her eyes and took a deep relaxing breath. She lifted her legs, bending her knees, swinging them outwards, giving Dan plenty of room and offering him unhindered access. Thoughts of where she was, outside on the patio, not in the shower or even the privacy of her bedroom, had Linda's arousal verging on the boilover. Visions of lying on the sun lounge on her back patio and her son shaving her pussy every day tumbled through her mind. She felt the heat in her pussy flare, and her pussy get wet with anticipation. Thoughts of an unexpected visitor coming through the gate were almost too much. She felt him move into position and took a couple of deep breaths, trying to calm down. No matter how hard she tried, nothing made a difference.
A towel saturated in hot water covered her pussy, heating her flesh and making it more sensitive. The shaving brush was next. The fine vellicating hairs danced back and forth and around, lathering her pussy in shaving cream. Linda groaned and lifted her hips, presenting her pussy to the brush when the hairs, in a long, excruciatingly slow sweep, dragged the length of her slit and then across her clit's little hood, taking her to the precipice. Linda groaned again, more from loss, as the razor replaced the brush and dragged across the skin, scraping all before it. The sensations were familiar but intensified by the knowledge that her son was guiding the razor. Again another change as the now warm towel was patted and then wiped over her freshly shaved pussy removing any leftover lather. Linda moaned as the rough, soft texture swept over her pussy.
Linda knew it was coming but was unprepared for its power. Her body arched off the sun lounge as a massive wave of intense pleasure cascaded through her. The warm, soft, firm tongue glided effortlessly over her freshly shaved, sensitive skin. She had never experienced anything like it before. Her hands grabbed the sun lounge, the knuckles turning white with tension as she held on, her body shuddering in response to the assault on her sensitive flesh.
Linda's orgasm came fast and hit hard. Her body thrashed about, then, as the peak passed, began to settle, leaving her trembling and flinching. The diminishing waves of pleasure ever so slowly dissipate. Gasping for breath, Linda rolled onto her side, vacantly staring at Jane through glassed-over, half-closed eyes.
Jane kissed Linda on the cheek, "Happy Birthday," she whispered before rolling away and standing up.
"Mmmm... Thank you," hummed Linda as her eyes closed completely. Her second orgasm for the morning drained her strength. Dan knelt there, watching as Linda's body calmed down and she drifted off to sleep. Her last thought,If this is every morning, I'm going to be late for work,sank into the darkness with her.
After putting everything away and tidying up, Dan and Jane knelt on each side of the still-sleeping Linda and began applying sunscreen to her. The morning sun was warming up, and they didn't want her to get burnt. They'd nearly finished when Linda moaned, "Mmmm... You've got all day to stop that," her body responding to their touch, "Mmmm... Is this another birthday present?, or am I just lucky?" There was no answer, and the only sound was Linda purring.
Jane guided Linda's hand to her pussy and gently pressed a finger between her labia onto her clit.
"Cum for us..." she whispered,
Linda's eyes opened, and she looked at Jane and then at Dan. Her eyes slid shut, and her finger started slowly circling her clit. Linda knew it wouldn't take long after already having two orgasms this morning.Damn, my pussy gets eaten by god knows who, then my son shaves and eats my pussy, and now I'm masturbating while he and his girlfriend watch,she thought to herself,Ooohh Yeeaahh,her finger picking up the pace.
In a way, she felt proud she could do this for them. Dan and Jane watched quietly as Linda's body moved in response, gracefully dancing the dance of high arousal. Linda tried to hold off, slowing down and speeding up, but her body had other ideas. Linda's finger circled faster and rubbed harder, her body squirming and subtly vibrating as the tension rapidly escalated, then suddenly let loose.
"Urgh... Uuaarrghh... ccuummmmiinngg... Mmmmuuuuaaaarrrrgggghhhh," Her body flexing, her neck extending, pushing her head back into the sun lounge. Her hips pulled back away from her finger. Her clit, again super sensitive, couldn't be touched until her body had calmed. Her hand lightly stroked her pussy, petting it, then gently cupping it. Dan picked up her hand and softly kissed the tip of the finger she'd used. He watched as Jane placed her hand over Linda's pussy and gradually began moving a finger up and down her pussy slit. The finger instantly became coated in pussy juice, and her girl cum glided smoothly over the turgid flesh. Linda moaned at the renewed touch and hesitantly moved her hips in reception.
Dan sat there holding Linda's hand, watching as Jane tediously slowly guided, now two fingers, deeper between his mother's pussy's lips. He watched as Linda's arousal slowly stoked from smouldering coals to a raging fire. Linda's body gradually began to collaborate with the enticing fingers in her pussy. Legs spreading further apart. Hips rocked back and forth with the rhythm. Jane spoke to Linda in hushed tones, slightly above a whisper.
"Mmmm... good girl... you're enjoying this, Aren't you?" asked Jane,
"Mmmm..."
Jane changed the angle of her hand and then fractionally increased the speed of her fingers. Her fingers slid in knuckle deep, then up the length of Linda's slit until the tips almost touched Linda's clit, getting closer and closer with each pass. Linda felt the change and hummed her appreciation. Linda's hips started to lift and push harder each time the fingers entered her. Her hand found its way to her tit and immediately started kneading it. Dan placed the hand he was holding on her vacant tit. Linda moaned, pushing her chest harder into her own hands. Linda's hands appeared to be cruelly squeezing and tightly gripping handfuls of her tit flesh, only to release it and move to her nipples. Nipples were rolled and pulled, flicked and pinched, rubbed and pressed. Linda moaned each time the self-stimulation changed.
"Mmmm... good girl..." praised Jane as she again changed the tempo and lightly pressed a thumb at the apex of Linda's pussy's slit mere millimetres from Linda's clit. Linda's hip actions swiftly changed, moving, trying to get the contact and the pressure onto her clit.
Jane could see the mounting desperation on Linda's face and kept making subtle changes, pushing Linda closer and closer to her orgasm but never close enough. She changed what she was doing. Her thumb moved onto Linda's clit, holding still. Jane's fingers, now three, began pumping in and out along their length. Linda's body reacted instantly, at the edge, suspended there, insanely in need of that final nudge. Her hands, mauling her tits, her fingers pulling her nipples, trying to get enough to get there.
"Mmmmm... good girl... cum soon..." asked Jane,
Mmmmm, cum, need, soon, cum, good," stuttered Linda, her body out of control, shaking from the tension and her mind screaming for release. On the next push inwards of her fingers, Jane found, pressed and briskly rubbed Linda's g-spot.
Linda's eyes bulged. Massive explosions of sensations tore through her body. Her mind shut down under the overload. Her nervous system was devastated by repetitive surges of misguided impulses, causing her muscles and her body to jerk and spasm erratically. Her hips lunged and parried wildly. Linda's whole body arched and locked. Her eyes open, her eyeballs rolled back in her head, showing only white. Her neck hyper-extended, forcing her head back into the sun lounge's mattress.
Suddenly Linda groaned, long and mournful and collapsed, unconscious. Her body flinched and twitched less and less as her overstimulated nervous system began to quieten.
Dan and Jane stood there silently, visually ensuring that Linda was OK before turning and walking away, leaving her lying naked on the sun lounge in the warm morning sun. Every so often, they returned to roll Linda over and basted her in more sunscreen so she wouldn't get sunburnt. Dan could've carried her inside but decided his mother would be delighted with the beginnings of an all-over suntan.
Sometime later, Dan had almost finished doing what he was doing when he felt a hand touch him on the hip and snake around, wrapping its tendrils around his rapidly hardening cock. He paused and smiled.
"What are you doing?" asked Linda, then realised he was putting the finishing touches on an outdoor shower. It had one of those changeable heads on a hose that you hooked to the wall.
"I thought I'd fit this for you so you can rinse off after working in the garden or having a swim,"
"Mmmm... or anything else we do outdoors," said Linda, a cheeky grin on her face.
"C'mon, It's smoko time, and your cup of tea is waiting," Linda didn't let go of his cock. She gave it a couple of little tugs to get him moving and then used it to steer him to a chair. After pouring his tea, she lifted his chin with her hand and kissed him.
"I need to thank you," Linda said as their lips parted, then, without looking away, returned her hand to his cock, and began a slow pumping action. Dan didn't answer or ask why. Linda coaxed his legs apart, knelt in front of him, nudged his legs further apart and shuffled closer. With one hand cupping his balls and the other wrapped around his cock, she lowered her head and guided it to her mouth. The initial contact of cock, lips and tongue was electrifying for both of them, and they groaned in unison.
"Mmmm... Thank me for what?" asked Dan.
Linda replaced her mouth with her hand, "One for my new alarm clock. Two, my bald pussy. Three, my new shower. Now sit back and enjoy," finished Linda and buried his cock back in her mouth.
So he did, sliding his bum closer to the edge of the seat, spreading his legs further apart, leaning back into the chair and closing his eyes. Dan completely surrendered to the intensity of the sensations made by his mother's mouth. His hands were on each side of her head, fingers buried in her hair, not hindering her movements. Her tongue darted every which way over his tumid crown, then shifted to the frenulum, making him flinch and push upwards, deeper. Her mouth released as it slid down, then sucked as it slid back up.
Linda pressed his cock against the roof of her mouth with her tongue. His cock head and sensitive frenulum dragged across her tongue's surface. Her tongue pressed harder with each thrust, sucking harder with each retreat. She felt his fingers curl up in her hair, and his hands tighten their hold. With little warning, apart from a groan, Dan's first blowjob orgasm erupted, cum splattering against the roof of his mother's mouth. Linda happily sucked and swallowed.
She was pleased she hadn't forgotten, inwardly giggling at her self-suggestion of needing more practice.
Finally licking up the last droplet and kissing his crown, she sat back on her haunches, smiling at the dazed look on her son's face and his cock, not the slightest bit deflated.To be young, she thought as she stood up, turned and sat in her chair. She picked up her cup of tea, smiled, and then reached over to hold Dan's cock and balls. The fondling soon turned into stroking. With the last mouthful of her tea, she swilled and swallowed any remnants of Dan's cum going with it.
Dan watched as Linda finished her cup of tea. She got up, walked over to the sun lounge, coated herself in sunscreen then lay down next to Jane. Thoughts of what had happened since getting home from work yesterday flowed through her mind.How things quickly change, she thought. Scene after scene replaying, now she was laying on her sun lounge, naked, in full view of her son, sunbathing next to his naked girlfriend. Neither one gave a moment's thought to the wrongness of what was taking place, yet there was no hesitation and no regrets.
"What about my thank you," asked Jane when she felt Linda lay down beside her.
"Later..." Linda replied, closed her eyes and drifted off to sleep feeling safe and very loved.
It wasn't until sometime later that Dan set lunch on the table with a cool drink and walked over to tell Jane and Linda. He noticed that Linda had rolled onto her stomach and was lying on one of Jane's hands. Every so often, there was a faint whimper or muffled moan. When he stepped around near Linda's feet, her legs were apart, and he caught glimpses of a finger between her pussy's lips. Jane was casually strumming Linda's clit with the tip of her finger.
As he stood there and watched, Linda let out a grunt, then a long stifled moan. Jane's hand came out from under Linda and went straight to her mouth. Linda lazily sucked the fingers clean and then lay motionless. Dan turned and walked away, returning to the patio table to gather the lunches and put them back into the fridge for later.
Just as Dan ate the last bite of his sandwich, Linda began to stir. He walked over and sat on the sun lounge next to her.
"Hello gorgeous... welcome back," greeted Dan. Linda rolled onto her back, stretched like a cat waking from a nap with her arms above her head, her body taut, and her toes pointed, then hummed as she relaxed. Dan reached over and began caressing her as if he was smoothing creases in a length of delicate cloth. With the movement on the sun lounge, Jane rolled onto her side, watching Dan's hands caressing his mother's naked body.
"Mmm... Are you enjoying yourself?" asked Linda as she watched his face. His fingers slid over her rigid nipples, making them flick up and down with the ripples. Linda's eyes slid shut, and she moaned as she pushed her tits at the stimulating contact.
"Immensely... you?"
"Absotively, Posilutely," stated Linda, quoting Dan's habitual answer to similar questions. Dan smiled. The sensations faded away, and Linda relaxed. Before Linda realised what was happening, Dan scooped her up and lifted her off the sun lounge. She giggled and playfully squirmed in his arms, wrapping her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist.
"Ooh... He's knocking at the door," said Linda, half giggling, half humming her delight.
He carried her over and lowered her into her chair before retrieving her lunch from the kitchen.
"Damn... gone again," huffed Linda as he turned and walked away.
After finishing her lunch, she got up and stepped over in front of Dan, straddling his legs and shuffling forward. "I'm the birthday girl, and I want some of this, so just sit there and behave yourself," Linda took hold of his cock and guided it to her pussy as she lowered herself onto his lap. She stopped briefly and slid the head up and down her slit, spreading her wetness. Up and down, up and down, into her entrance, up and down. Each push into her pussy's entrance went deeper. The delicious stretching feeling returned each time. Linda hummed her delight as the head stretched and surged through her entrance.
Linda's eyes closed as she drifted away. Her legs relaxed, and she continued her journey, her pussy painting his cock with girl juice. The next time to rest was at the hilt. Slowly Linda lowered herself to her destination.
She felt Dan's hands land on her waist and move upwards to her tits. With her eyes still shut, Linda took hold of his hands and lifted them away, "Behave yourself," she playfully scolded. Her hands let go of his and went to her tits, kneading and squeezing them, rolling and tugging her nipples the way she liked it. Her body's motions were ever-increasing in tempo, flexing and gyrating, her hips rocking back and forth, rotating in circles, swinging left to right. Dan was held spellbound by her suppleness and flexibility. Linda's hands left her tits and went to her head, burying her fingers in her hair, raking through it. "Mmmm... Do you have any idea how good you feel... God, that feels so good..." asked Linda, not looking for an answer.
Dan laid back on the seat to watch. Linda reached forward, placing her hands on his shoulders and began riding him like a jockey on a galloping horse. Up and down, her legs pumped, out and in, his cock slid, totally engrossed in pursuing her orgasm. Her tits swung and swayed in accompaniment. Linda settled back into belly dancer mode, rhythmically gyrating. Her fingers entwined in her hair and locked together on her head, adding to the lissomeness of her movements.
Her body's actions changed as it sought more and different stimulation. From jockey to belly dancer to pile driver and back. The pace of her body's motions slowly and inevitably increases. Her hands and fingers made more frequent visits to her tits and nipples. Her legs began raising and lowering her. Linda's body needed to orgasm and knew how to get it. Her whole body began to shake, dropping onto his lap. The last inch or so suddenly surged upwards.
Her orgasm broke free, her legs turned to jelly, and she sank a fraction further. "I'm cuummmiiinnnggg baby... Mmuuaarrgghh, Mmmmmuuuuuaaaaarrrrrggggghhhhh..." a moan so deep it resonated throughout her body. Linda's body shuddered as her orgasm made its presence felt. Her head fell forward, her hands on his shoulders for support as she rode the waves of pleasure. Dan sat there, his cock buried to the hilt, squeezed by his mother's pussy muscle's erratic combinations of contraction and relaxation.
After a few minutes of rest, Linda lifted her head and murmured a thank you. He wasn't sure why but didn't question her. Linda sat up and took a deep breath. She looked into his eyes, blew him a kiss, and her hips began to rock back and forth, her body's desires and needs controlling the pace. It didn't take long for Linda to start fucking herself in earnest. Dan watched as her pace and intensity grew, and then without warning, her body shook, lost its rhythm and collapsed, gently face-planting into his shoulder.
"Cc... cccuuummmming... Mmmmmuuuuuaaaaarrrrrggggghhhhh..."
Gasping for breath, "So good... so good..." she mumbled as the second orgasm in twice as many minutes showered, crackling fireworks throughout her body. With Dan's cock still embedded deep in her pussy, her libido wanted more, her hips gently rocking, different movements, different sensations, same result. Linda's body was back in pursuit, her hips gyrating, rocking, changing angles and her legs pumping up and down, picking her up, then dropping her back onto the cock in her pussy, impaling her. The pace got faster, and then all hell broke loose, confined within Linda's body. Rhythm went out the window, the timing shot to pieces, and Linda's body tensed so tight it looked as though it was going to tear itself apart. Dan sat there speechless. A long, deep moan escaped from Linda's throat. Her body convulsed almost violently a few times, then went limp and slumped backwards.
Only for Dan's lightning-quick reflexes, Linda would've fallen off and landed on the patio decking. He managed to hold on to her perspiration-coated, slippery body, even as it continued to be raked by sporadic spasms and jerks. It wasn't until her body had settled, her breathing returned to a regular pattern, and she had snuggled deeper into him that Dan remembered his cock was still buried to his balls in her pussy. He had a devilish thought and smiled. As if rocking her to sleep, he rocked back and forth.
After a few minutes, he felt Linda stir. "You're naughty..." He felt her hand slip down between them and began to wriggle. She extended her neck, hooking her chin over his shoulder. A few seconds later, "Mmmm... ccuummiinngg baby, Mmmuuuaaarrrggghhh," Her hips rocked a few times before stopping.
Dan thrust upwards as best he could. His grunts joined her moans. His orgasm joined hers, and the lightheadedness of release swamped both of them. Dan could feel their cum drain from Linda's pussy and trickle down across his balls as they sat quietly in each other's arms, catching their breath.
Linda's hand came out, her fingers glistening with pussy juice. She slid them into her mouth and sucked on them like a child's favourite lollipop as she drifted off to sleep. With a bit of effort, Dan stood up, carried Linda to the sun lounge and slid his cock out of her as he laid her down.
When Linda woke up, Jane prepared a salad and put everything on the table for dinner. Dan was standing at the barbeque cooking the meat, chatting to Jane. Linda came up and stood between them.
"I need to clean up. Would you like to help?" Linda asked as she took Jane's hand. Jane smiled as they walked towards the outdoor shower, hand in hand.
Dan turned the gas down, closed the lid on the weber and then sat down and watched as the two naked women walked to the new outdoor shower. After setting the water temperature, they washed each other's hair. Soap and loofas replaced the shampoo. Within seconds hands took over from the loofas. Bodies were soaped, washed and rinsed. Hands roamed freely, tits and pussies receiving the most attention time and time again. Dan was amazed at how erotic it was to watch two naked women in a shower, washing each other. His cock certainly appreciated the view.
After two calls that the meat was ready, the women finally stepped away from each other, turned the shower off and walked over to the table to eat. When they'd finished, appetites were satisfied, with food anyway. Jane went into the kitchen and made a pot of tea. They all sat quietly, occasionally sipping their tea, not saying much, just watching the sky darken as the sun set and welcoming the stars as they appeared. All the while, knowing and telling glances, fleeting fondles and gropes were bartered. The aura of brazen wantonness was almost tangible. Linda stood up and stepped in front of Jane.
"Time for your thankyou," announced Linda as she knelt in front of Jane's chair. Jane obligingly shifted her chair to make more room, slid her bum to the edge of the seat and draped her legs over the chair arms. A big beautiful smile illuminated her face. Linda had never seen another woman's pussy so up close and personal. Sure, Linda had eaten Natalie's pussy a few times and visa versa, but this was different. For the first time in her life, Linda was fascinated. She had never seen anything so delicate and so beautiful. Tentatively she felt it with her fingers, soft, spongy and moist, her fingers lightly floating over the folds and creases. Like a blossoming flower, Jane's pussy appeared to open up even further and gleamed brighter. Linda was so taken with the teenager's pussy she didn't hear Jane moan from the fingers gliding across her sensitive, moistening flesh.
Jane couldn't take much more she was being driven crazy by the feather-lite touching and the puffs of warm breath. "Urgh... naughty girl... eat, don't play," pleaded Jane. Her fingers gently gripped Linda's hair, coaxing her head closer. The very tip of Linda's tongue touched down first and started foraging. When it dipped into Jane's pussy's entrance, she orgasmed. Her orgasm burst free, giving Linda a taste of something she'd cherish forever. She could feel Jane's pussy contracting and relaxing around her tongue and continued lightly licking, prolonging Jane's orgasm for as long as possible.
Linda let Jane recover for a minute or two before locating her clit then she began rhythmically, softly sucking and releasing. Her tongue joined in tongue slapping Jane's clit making the turgid flesh vibrate. Jane tensed and moaned at the sudden assault before being swallowed up by the intensely different sensations.
Jane seized Linda's head in both hands and wildly humped against her face before cumming again. Linda lapped rapidly, not willing to waste a drop. A short time later, Jane pushed Linda's head away. Her clit and pussy were far too sensitive for any more contact. Gasping for breath, Jane slumped in her chair.
Linda sat back on her haunches, her face sparkling with pussy juice and girl cum. She slowly scooped a finger across her wet face, sucked it clean, then licked her lips and looked at Dan.
"Damn... she tastes good, really good... her cum is so sweet, yet..." proclaimed Linda,
"Ah Huh..." interrupted Dan, smiling slyly, thinking to himself,wait 'til you taste her mother.
Linda stood up and walked over to the outdoor shower, soaped, lathered and then rinsed, turned the water off and walked toward the backdoor.
"Another cup of tea, anyone?" asked Linda, not waiting for an answer as she went through the door.
"She seems to be enjoying her birthday," he almost whispered,
Jane, her body having regained some normality, glanced through glassy eyes towards the kitchen, "She does, doesn't she? I know one thing for sure, she can eat pussy. I don't think I'll survive if she gets hold of me again."
Dan smiled and blew Jane a kiss, "I think we've woken a sleeping tiger,"
"I hope so," agreed Jane,
"I hope so. What?" asked Linda as she walked onto the patio with the fresh pot of tea and put it on the table.
Before Linda could react, Dan sprang out of his chair and grabbed her, lifting her and pulling her into a tight hug. She instinctively wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his hips. Linda flinched when fingers touched her pussy, easing her pussy lips apart. Dan's cockhead bumped and then pushed against her entrance. She then felt Dan's arms loosen their grip. Her eyes drifted shut as the pressure on her pussy increased slightly. Her mind remembered the beautiful sensations the last time she had his cock in her.
"Relax," Dan whispered in her ear. She opened her eyes briefly and relaxed, wiggling her hips to help. Linda moaned at the sudden release of pressure after Dan's cockhead passed through her pussy's entrance and began to stretch her inner walls. The pleasurable stretching was back, and Linda willingly succumbed. With Dan hanging on to her and her hands on his shoulders, she leaned back. Her head fell back, and she moaned long and deep as his cock slid deeper, not stopping until his pubis squashed her clit. Her legs were no longer supporting her. Her feet hooked together were the only thing stopping her legs from falling apart.
"Ahh, God... so deep... so good," Linda cried out.
Dan carried Linda a few steps over to the table and sat her bum at the edge. He then separated her legs and held her ankles, pushed them apart as far as he could get them in a big flattened V, and began slowly fucking her. He set a slow, steady pace. Linda's first orgasm felt like warm honey as it flowed through her. The cock in her pussy didn't falter or stop.
After Linda's first orgasm, Jane stood beside Dan and began playing with Linda's clit, making her cum whenever she wanted her to. Jane also changed what she was doing to Linda's clit between orgasms, and as a result, her orgasms came closer together and hit harder. Pussy juice and girl cum were trickling out of Linda's ravaged pussy and dripping off the table onto the patio deck.
As Linda's fifth orgasm exploded between her legs, Dan groaned that he was about to cum. Jane shifted into position, ready for his withdrawal. When he had pumped all his cum into Linda's pussy, he stepped back. Her pussy entrance contracting and relaxing, winking in the aftermath of five orgasms. It gaped and gradually closed as her inner pussy and pelvic muscles recovered from the intrusion. Her pussy was dribbling with cum.
Jane stepped in and clamped her mouth over Linda's pussy as best she could. Linda groaned when his cock left her, then gasped when the mouth took its place.
Waiting, Jane let the combined cum drain into her mouth and began sucking like a milking machine to get the rest. The different sensations in Linda's pussy broke her sixth orgasm free, releasing a new surge of girl cum into Jane's mouth, "Aahh God, again... Mmmmuuuuaaaarrrrgggghhhh," moaned Linda, then lay there motionless.
Jane finished licking up any residue, and when she was satisfied she had as much as possible, she stepped around to Linda's head and then french kissed her. The combined cum drained from one mouth to the other. Linda momentarily savoured the taste and then acceptingly swallowed.
Sleep came quickly to Linda now that her orgasms had finished. Dan scooped her up off the table, carried her to the sun lounge then laid her down. Jane and Dan knelt on each side of her, their hands caressing her naked body, calming the sexual beast.
After cleaning up and turning the lights off, Dan and Jane returned to the sun lounge and rejoined Linda.
"She's beautiful, isn't she," Jane asked as she tenderly kneaded one of Linda's tits with her fingers, then gently rolled its nipple back and forth. Linda murmured. They continued to caress and fondle Linda's body for quite some time before cuddling up to her to get some sleep.
Sleep came to the two teenagers a short time later. Stars and the moon lit the night sky and the three naked bodies.
Sunday
Another night of dreams. A perpetual flow of vivid moving pictures. Every arousing sensation, every tongue that delved into her womanly depths, every millimetre of his glorious cock and every body-shuddering orgasm replayed in her mind's eye. Dan wasn't obscenely big, but she remembered, with lust-filled fondness, how his cock head had deliciously stretched her as it entered her pussy, then caused waves of pleasure as it moved back and forth against her inner walls. The caressing touches and intimate fondles between rampaging orgasms. Images, memories and sensations had kept her body in a constant state of sexual readiness all night. The separation of dreams and reality blurred until they looked and felt the same.
She felt hands and fingers touch the inside of her ankles and slide upwards along her legs. When they reached her knees, her legs, of their own volition, spread apart, directing and enticing the fingers to where she needed them. The hands were followed by shoulders, pushing her legs further apart, quickly followed by puffs of warm breath, lips and a tongue lapping and foraging around her pussy. Linda moaned. The glorious tongue had returned, and she gave herself to it.
Rapid-fire pictorial reminders of having her pussy eaten flashed before her eyes. Her alarm clock, her son, and his girlfriend, they'd all partaken in tasting the delights of her womanhood. Her body responded the only way it knew how.
Linda pulled at the head between her legs and lunged her hips to meet it. Her pussy, hypersensitive to any contact, quickly fed the inferno of her arousal. Within, what felt like seconds, Linda's orgasm burst free, taking her breath away and making her body shake uncontrollably. Each wave of sensations made her thrust her pussy at the tongue for more. Each contact bought more but lesser surges of electrical discharges and explosions of fading fireworks. Between gasping breaths, the gate closed, and a car drove away.
Her body calmed. Her breath returned.Mmmm, My new alarm clock,thought Linda, basking in the aftermath as she lightly petted her tingling pussy and throbbing clit, waiting for them to simmer down.
"Ready for breakfast," asked Dan as he stood beside the sun lounge, watching his mother's orgasm fade, her body glowing with satisfaction. Linda rolled over, accepted his offered hand of assistance, and climbed off the sun lounge. Dan swung his arms under Linda and scooped her off her feet. She wriggled around into position, wrapping her arms and legs around him.
"Oooh... He's up early," giggled Linda, Dan's cock head tapping against her freshly licked pussy as they walked to the table.
"With you two always naked, he's always up, let alone early. You can stop that if you relax," advised Dan. Linda did as he suggested and felt his cock nudge between her pussy's lips. Dan sensed her relax more, and his cock head slipped through her entrance.
"Oooh... Was that too much?" asked Linda with a cheeky grin. Dan just smiled in response. Linda took his silence as acceptance and relaxed until his cock was in all the way. "Mmmm... that's better," claimed Linda as she rested her head on his shoulder.
When they arrived at the table, Dan sat down with Linda still impaled on his cock. "Mmmm... I've never had breakfast like this before,"
Dan didn't bother commenting and began feeding her pieces of fruit salad. "So...How was your alarm clock this morning?"
"Mmmm... Very enjoyable. Thank you," answered Linda as she tensed, then relaxed her pelvic muscles, gently squeezing his cock. Dan replied in kind, letting her know he felt her answer.
"Did you enjoy your birthday," asked Jane.
"Mmmm... I did, very much, thank you. I got a couple of unusual but gratifying presents. If I told my friends, they'd be very jealous and would want to do sleepovers."
"What about Natalie? Are you going to tell her?" asked Dan, knowing his mother doesn't keep secrets from Natalie.
"Probably," answered Linda with a shrug as she finished her tea.
"Had enough?" asked Dan.
"Mmmm, thank you, it was very nice,"
"Good, now it's shave time," announced Dan, and quickly kissed her.
With a look of dismay on her face, Linda dismounted from Dan and voiced her disappointment. She walked to the sun lounge and lay down, shifting into position, ready to be shaved. Linda's eyes closed as memories of her other birthday present returned, the anticipation of another stubble search building. Thoughts of how her girlfriends would be so jealous if they knew her son was shaving her pussy every morning. Her little secret made her smile.
"My turn," declared Jane as she shuffled onto the sun lounge and in between Linda's spread legs. Linda opened her eyes and watched Jane get ready.My son's teenage girlfriend is about to shave my pussy,thought Linda.Natalie will never believe me.
Jane looked down at Linda's pussy, "My, someone's very wet this morning. I'll have to clean that up before I start,"
She quickly bent forward and buried her face in Linda's pussy. Linda tried to pull away, her clit still super-sensitive from her alarm clock and her pussy still doleful after the withdrawal of Dan's cock. Jane's tongue hit all the right spots, and Linda soon gave up any attempt at avoidance. Her orgasm crept closer and closer, then without warning, when all Linda could think about was cumming. Jane stopped and replaced her mouth with the shaving brush. Linda groaned. Fingers and the razor came next.
"Your turn," stated Jane as she crawled beside Linda and rolled onto her back. Linda rolled over and kneeled, waiting for Jane to spread her legs. Linda had never shaved her pussy completely bald, let alone another woman's and was a little nervous. Brush, lather, fingers and razor, she said to herself over and over. She had finished before she realised it. Linda sat back and took a minute to admire her handy work.Mmmm, not bad for the first time, she thought to herself. It wasn't until she lifted her eyes away from Jane's pussy that she noticed Jane watching her.
"See, nothing to it," Jane said as she sat up and hugged Linda. Their lips met in a deep and meaningful kiss. Jane broke the kiss and looked into Linda's eyes. "Now for the best bit. I'm desperate to taste you again," Linda pecked her lightly on the lips. "Silly girl, you can taste me anytime." They kissed again, this time full of carefree passion and the desire to please each other. It wasn't long before the mutual searches began.
Dan watched as he cleared the breakfast dishes and then cleaned the kitchen. He was walking across to the laundry to put a load of washing on when he looked at Linda and Jane, stretched out, asleep in the morning sun. He always considered his mother the most beautiful woman he knew but looking at her lying naked in the sun elevated her to a goddess. Dan put a load of washing in the machine and headed outside, picking up the sunscreen. "You'll need this," he told them and kept walking. He heard a mumbled thank you come from behind him. While waiting for the next load of washing to finish, Dan stood at the backdoor, watching them apply the sunscreen to each other. He marvelled at how the two women had quickly become so accepting of touching each other's bodies.
When a load of washing finished, he unloaded it into the basket and went out into the yard to hang it out. They were lying in the sun, quietly chatting, caressing, and touching each other. When he walked up to the sun lounge with the empty basket, he saw that Jane had a finger in Linda's pussy and was lightly toying with Linda's clit. The fingers of her other hand rolled one of Linda's nipples back and forth. They were looking into each other's eyes. Jane whispered to Linda, "You like to cum don't you?" "Mmmm, very much," Linda whispered back. Her eyelids drooped, and her body sedately tremored as two of Jane's fingers slid into her pussy. "Mmmm... very much," Linda repeated as her hips lifted, meeting the advance of the fingers. Her orgasm engulfed her body, surging like the headwater in a flooding creek. Linda opened her eyes briefly. Looking at Jane, she mouthed the words, thank you as her eyes slid shut again.
As Dan turned and walked away, he asked if they would like some tea. "Yes, please," they both answered without moving. He smiled to himself.Silly question, he thought. He'd never known his mother to say no to the offer of a cup of tea.
Carrying the cups of tea, Dan walked steadily back to the sun lounge. Jane, lying on her side, lifted a finger to her lips. His mother was laying there, off in her little world, spread eagle, one hand kneading her tit and rolling its nipple back and forth, her other, with a finger shiny from pussy juice, softly drawing circles on her clit. They watched as her pace got faster, her body shook, and she moaned as her orgasm spilled over. Linda sedately writhed, humming with enjoyment.
Jane rolled toward Linda and looked. Linda turned her head, and their eyes met. "Thank you, that was so beautiful to watch. You are amazing," Jane said softly, then pecked Linda on the lips and asked, "May I," Linda didn't answer. Her glazed eyes slowly slid shut as if accepting what was about to happen. Jane moved down the sun lounge and between Linda's legs. Linda moaned and rolled her hips toward Jane's tongue. Dan walked away towards the pool shed as Linda floated off. Jane wasn't trying to make Linda cum. She was licking her pussy clean with long broad sweeps. Linda was so sensitive she knew it wouldn't take much before she did. Again.
As Dan cleaned the pool, he looked over at his mother and girlfriend lying naked on the sun lounge sunbathing. Myriad thoughts flowed through his mind. Never in his wildest dreams did he expect his plan for his mother's birthday to go so smoothly and effectively. His mother and girlfriend were constantly naked and unashamedly having sex with each other and him or masturbating whenever they pleased. Looking down, he smiled and shook his head. His cock had been rock-hard for almost two days. He thought of his deal with his mother and laid a finger across his lips.
Movement on the sun lounge caught his attention, and he stood and watched. The two women were moving into a 69 and oblivious to the world around them. Dan finished cleaning the pool, and after putting the gear away, he walked past the sun lounge on his way to the kitchen to make lunch for everyone. Linda and Jane were lying spread eagle, momentarily sated by their orgasms. Their pussies gaping and glistening in the sunlight.
"I can feel you looking at me... pervert," said Linda, jokingly and smiling.
"I'm going to make some lunch,"
"Good, I'll come and help. I'm starving," offered Linda as she rolled over, and he helped her to stand up.
When they had lunch ready and were waiting for the kettle to boil, Dan wrapped Linda in his arms and kissed her. One of those kisses that melts a woman's morals and makes her panties fall off. Linda, having previous experience, started purring and enthusiastically surrendered. Dan broke the kiss, their lips barely millimetres apart, and licked her lips.
"Mmmm... you taste like my girlfriend's pussy," he declared as he licked her lips again.
"And a very nice-tasting pussy it is," replied his mother.
"That it is," answered Dan. Right about then, the kettle boiled, and Jane came through the door.
Putting her lips lightly against Dan's ear, Linda whispered a modified quote from one of her favourite movies, "My Son, Ya big stud, Take me to bed or lose me forever,"
Dan smiled and quickly replied, "Show me the way home, Honey." Both of them laughed. Jane standing there, perplexed, shook her head, picked up the lunch tray and walked out to the patio.
"Ssshh, I need to cum. That kiss got me all fired up again," admitted Linda as she took hold and guided his hand to her pussy. Both her hands held his wrist. Her hips began humping as his fingers slid into her, and her head fell against his chest. "Mmmm... I'm so close. Make me cum, baby, please," she whispered. "Cum for me, you gorgeous creature," whispered Dan back to her. Linda's body shivered, her hips lost rhythm, her hands jammed his hand against her pussy, and she moaned. Her orgasm flushed through her body, temporarily quenching her thirst.
When Linda was able to walk, they went outside to have lunch. Dan walked straight over to Jane and lifted her, "Your turn," Jane knew straight away what he wanted and wrapped her arms and legs around him, then slowly lowered herself onto his cock. "Mmmm," she hummed as his cock slid into her pussy. As soon as Dan sat down, Jane began to gently rock her hips back and forth, setting a nice steady pace and rhythm. She continued rocking through lunch, slowing when she got too close to her orgasm and then gradually speeding up as the urge passed.
Jane had finished her cup of tea and was gradually increasing the pace of her rocking. She was close to cumming when a hand glided down over her stomach then a finger started circling her clit. Her stomach muscles tensed, and she groaned long and deep as her orgasm let loose. Her head fell onto Dan's shoulder, hips rocking through the storm.
Before Jane recovered, the finger returned, sliding up and down beside her clit, lightly rubbing against one side and then the other. Jane's orgasm came quicker this time and was more intense, taking her breath away and almost breaking her rocking rhythm. As Jane's second orgasm began to fade, two fingers returned. Jane's rocking motion was rubbing her clit against the fingers in the groove between them. Her rocking faltered. Jane shook violently when the fingers pressed firmly, peeling back her clit's little hood and exposing it to their touch. She orgasmed a third time as her clits sensitive flesh dragged against Linda's fingers. Dan held onto her. He could feel her pussy contracting and relaxing around his cock. Exhausted, she slumped into him and fell asleep. Her hand covered her clit to protect it. Linda sat back in her chair, licking her fingers and then sipping her tea, smiling like a Cheshire cat.
"I need to mow the lawn," announced Dan as he stood up. Jane stirred and began to protest. Linda stood up and told him they were going to mow the lawn, and he was to sit there. The women stood side by side and explained to Dan that they wanted to play a game. They went on to explain the finer points and the rules.
"The one on the mower does one lap of the yard. The one on your cock gets to fuck for that lap. At the end of each lap, they change over. If we cum, we lose. If you cum, the one on your cock wins. Running with the mower is not allowed, and touching isn't either," explained Linda. It was Dan's turn to smile like a Cheshire cat.
"What does the winner get," asked Dan.
"This... for the night," answered Linda as she wrapped her fingers around his hard cock. Making him smile even broader.
"What about the loser? What happens to her?"
Linda hadn't thought about that and quickly thought of something. "She has to mow the front lawn,"
"But... but..." muttered Jane, leering at Linda, not having been told about that consequence.
"If anything, It'll make the loser try harder next time,"
"OK... sounds good to me. I'll get the mower," said Dan as he walked off. The two women cleared the lunch dishes off the table and then waited on the patio. "Who's first," he asked when he got back, and Linda pointed to Jane. Dan started the mower and sat down.
"Another thing, You can't start the lap until the cock is in, and the cock comes out when the mower stops at the end of the lap. No cheating,"
Everyone agreed, and Jane stepped up to the mower. Linda got into position, straddling Dan in a reverse cowgirl. When Linda's bum landed on his hips, he yelled, "Go".
Jane took off and Linda, leaning forward with her hands on Dan's knees, started riding him like a jockey. Dan watched with amusement as the two women tried hard not to. Jane, trying not to run, and Linda, trying not to cum.
"Change," Dan yelled, Jane bounded up to the patio, and Linda walked to the mower. "Go,"
On and on they went. "Change, Go... Change, Go..." came Dan's calls. By the time they had mowed three-quarters of the lawn, Dan could see that both women were struggling to keep their orgasms at bay. The laps were getting shorter and quicker. The changes came faster. Legs were getting more tired from both, pushing the mower and raising and lowering their bodies on Dan's cock. Both women had reached the point where just mounting Dan's cock could push them over the edge. Gritting teeth, biting bottom lips and pleading for their bodies not to orgasm were common.
"Change," yelled Dan, and he knew it would be the last. Jane let go of the mower and struggled to step onto the patio. Linda strained to lift herself off his cock and walk to the mower.
Jane straddled his legs and backed up. As Dan's cock slid into her pussy and he yelled go, Jane orgasmed. Her head craned, her neck extended, and a groan that deep it sounded like a fog horn escaped her mouth.
"Mmuuaarrgghh... Can't stop... Can't... Mmmuuuaaarrrggghhh... please, can't stop... Mmmmmuuuuuaaaaarrrrrggggghhhhh,"
Her body began to shake as her nervous system lost control. She slumped harder and deeper onto the cock as her leg strength failed, making her moan again as another lesser powerful wave of sensations burst through her body. As Jane's body began to calm down, Dan looked over at Linda. She had made it to a chair on the patio and slumped there, legs spread apart, draped over the arms, masturbating. Fingers slid in and out of her pussy as other fingers rubbed her clit. Her body stiffened and shook then she moaned long and deep as her orgasm was cut loose.
Dan lifted Jane and carried her to the sun lounge, then did the same to Linda. The two women laid out in the afternoon sun while he finished the mowing, remembering not to do the front. When Dan finished, he pushed the mower close to the sun lounge and reminded Jane she had to mow the front yard. A look of horror swept across her face, and she tried to bargain her way out of it, but Dan and Linda wouldn't relent.
Jane, in a huff, got off the sun lounge and pushed the mower to the gate. When the gate closed behind her, Dan and Linda ran in through the backdoor and out the front. They were sitting in the deck chairs, on the front verandah, by the time Jane came down the path.
Before Jane left the path, she stopped and looked around, checking for anyone that might see her. She saw Linda and Dan watching from the verandah and poked her tongue at them. Dan was sitting in a chair, his head resting against the back with his eyes closed. Linda, sitting next to him in her chair, had her hand wrapped around his cock, and was slowly stroking him.
Across the road, a man was mowing his lawn, and another was watering his gardens. Two ladies chatted over a fence. Jane had never felt so nervous in her life. After a couple of deep breaths, out she walked, pull started the mower and began mowing. Jane didn't notice anyone watching her and kept going as if nothing was out of the ordinary. Her tits swayed and bounced as she walked, keeping her conscious that she was naked and in full view of any opportunistic voyeurs if they cared to look.
Backwards and forwards, she walked, occasionally stopping to empty the catcher. Jane was about halfway when, much to her surprise, she was interrupted by an also completely naked Linda and handed a cool drink. With Jane's back to the street, Linda discreetly put a hand on Jane's pussy and burrowed a finger into her slit.
"You're very wet," stated Linda.
"Christ, I've never been so horny in my life. The thought of someone seeing me, those people watching me," stated Jane as she fidgeted. Linda's finger provocatively circled her clit and softly bumped against it.
"I thought you might be," said Linda.
"If you don't stop that, I'll cum..." declared Jane, then took a deep breath as Linda's finger left her pussy. "Thank you,"
"I'll be lucky if I don't cum before I finish," Jane said as she drank the cool drink. Linda sucked on her finger. Jane handed the empty glass back to Linda, thanked her, and then walked away, pushing the mower.
"I did," said Linda as she winked and walked back to the verandah. She sat in her chair and reached over, returning her hand to Dan's cock. Jane thinking about what Linda had said, let her arousal run rampant, occasionally stoking it with some very naughty but neighbourly thoughts. She even thought about losing their little game on purpose next time.
Dan and Linda smiled, almost clapping and cheering, as Jane's legs buckled under her. Stumbling, she took a few paces and then stopped, leaning on the mower for support. Jane turned her head toward the verandah but couldn't see them, her orgasm blurring her vision. Gasping for breath, she tried to continue but couldn't, the waves of her orgasm far too powerful and debilitating. All Jane could do was wait and ride it out.
Any thoughts Jane had of being naked in public and having one of the best orgasms she'd ever had in full view of anyone who cared to look only stirred her arousal to greater heights. It took five minutes before she felt steady enough to keep mowing. She looked around to where she was up to and headed off again. A sheen on her inner thighs slowly grew as the mixture of pussy juice and girl cum unavoidably drained from her pussy.
Jane orgasmed again moments after she realised that, as she was mowing, she was moving further from the house and closer to her potential audience. Closer to the eyes, putting herself under closer scrutiny. The thought of them seeing her naked body ablaze with sexual arousal, her rock-hard nipples standing prominently on her young tits, and her very wet pussy up close was both daunting and exhilarating.
Linda stepped alongside Jane as she leaned on the front fence for support. She shut down the mower and took hold of Jane's arm. With Linda's insistence, Jane straightened up, and they began slowly walking back to the house. They pushed the mower along the path, through the gate and into the backyard. Dan closed the gate behind them before taking the mower and putting it away. He then joined them under the outdoor shower.
They took turns having their bodies washed which was more like a standing massage, and inevitably ended with an orgasm. After the two women had satisfyingly shared Dan's cum, they sat at the table and patiently waited for dinner.
Linda leaned toward Jane and told her to hold still. She reached over and, with a fingertip, picked up a bead of cum sitting at the corner of Jane's mouth. Jane opened her mouth and dutifully sucked the finger clean.
Dan returned to the patio with dinner, and they sat there eating and chatting and watching as the sky phased through its array of evening colours. After they'd eaten their dinner and the detritus cleared away, they retired to the sun lounge and lay there watching the developing night sky.
Jane was the first one to fall asleep. She had tucked up under one of Dan's arms, and her head was resting on his chest. Linda was in the same position on the other side of Dan and snuggled closer before putting her lips against his ear. She lifted her hand and wrapped her fingers around his half-hard cock.
"Three days... Do I need to guess what you want for your birthday?" she breathed softly into his ear.
Linda felt his cock pulsate and begin to harden in her hand.
"No... I didn't think so," Linda breathed, then lightly kissed Dan's ear before she fell asleep.
Monday - The Office
"My God! Look at you. You're practically glowing. You look amazing," exclaimed Natalie as Linda walked into their shared office.
Linda walked over beside Natalie and sat on the edge of her desk. She quickly looked towards the door and then leaned nearer to Natalie. They gave each other a greeting kiss on the lips that lingered a little longer than one would expect. Their tongues darted to each other, then parted slowly.
Their lips were barely apart. "The all-over tan is a work in progress, and a bra isn't the only thing I'm not wearing," whispered Linda so no one walking past would hear.
Natalie peered towards the door and then looked down at Linda's high-heeled feet. Slowly her line of sight scanned upwards, moulding to every contour. When they reached the hem of Linda's mid-thigh skirt, her hand took over the advance. Natalie looked up at Linda as her hand disappeared under Linda's skirt. Their eyes met.
"Someone's being naughty," stated Linda as she parted her legs.
"So what else aren't you wearing?" Natalie's hand glided lightly up Linda's thigh, her skirt bunching over Natalie's wrist.
"I think you're about to find out," answered Linda as she looked over her shoulder at the open office door. Her legs moved further apart, gesturing for Natalie to continue. Natalie's fingertips flitted lightly across Linda's mons and down each side of her slit, covering Linda's pussy in her cupped hand. Linda hummed and moved her legs as far apart as her bunched-up skirt would allow, giving Natalie more access.
"No panties and bald too. You have been having fun, haven't you?"
"Mmmm... Girlfriend, You have no idea..." Linda thrummed when a fingertip dipped between her pussy's lips, grazing against her clit. The brief contact on her most sensitive flesh stirred her arousal.
Natalie and Linda were no strangers to each other's bodies. They didn't consider themselves lesbians or partners, just good friends with fulfilling benefits. The occasional male added a bit of spice. Neither Linda nor Natalie could remember the name of the last one. It was too long ago, or they didn't achieve memorable notoriety.
Their friendship had endured over many years. They went to the same school but moved into different social circles. Things changed when they both fell pregnant early and met by chance at the maternity clinic. Natalie's partner stayed until a second child was born, then went looking for a later model. She had a son and daughter. Linda's partner never stayed at all, leaving when her condition was declared. She had a son. Their anger had waned over time, and life's choices had only made them more determined to succeed. They supported each other with enthusiasm and dedication, a friendship that has never faded or faltered.
One of Natalie's fingers nestled its length between Linda's pussy lips. She could feel the heat and moisture of Linda's arousal. The finger slipped deeper as the warm fluids spread across its skin. Linda sucked in a short sharp breath and momentarily stiffened at the contact on her sensitive flesh, then relaxed. Her thighs rolled slightly outwards, signalling her need.
"My... someone's very horny and wet," whispered Natalie as their eyes met.
Linda leaned forward and whispered, "I've been kept horny and wet for two days," Linda tensed again as her movement caused her clit to slide against Natalie's finger. The light contact almost caused Linda to moan as the sudden burst of pleasure sparked through her body. Natalie grinned, and her finger began to wiggle, in just the right place, at just the right speed. Linda's fingers gripped the edge of the desk, her stomach muscles contracting, hunching her over, her head almost resting on Natalie's shoulder, and she bit her bottom lip. Not a good time or place for a lot of noise. Her eyes drooped shut as the sensations from her pussy rapidly overwhelmed any pretence of caution.
Without warning, Natalie withdrew her hand, and Linda's skirt fell back into place. It happened so quickly that Linda feared someone was at the door or had even entered their office. She glanced at the open door through half-closed misty eyes, ready to scold the interrupter. She saw no one and turned her eyes back to Natalie.
"So... Tell me, no underwear, bald, horny and wet for two days?" asked Natalie, "Do I know him?" questioned Natalie as she blatantly licked her pussy juice-moistened finger.
Linda sat there for a few seconds. She couldn't believe how close she had come to her orgasm and not cum. She took a couple of deep breaths and sat up straight. Her nipples felt as though they were going to cut themselves free through the front of her blouse. She lifted her hands and placed them on her tits, nipples in her palms and pressed, trying to make them less noticeable. Linda looked at Natalie and grinned, "Bitch, that was close... real close,"
Linda leaned over, kissed Natalie's ear lobe and whispered, "Later, there are too many ears, and I need to calm down a bit," before standing and stepping over to her desk. Natalie grinned as a naughty thought flitted through her mind, and without hesitating, she leaned back in her chair, lifted her skirt and spread her legs.
"Psst," sounded Natalie. Linda looked up and was surprised by Natalie's lack of panties and bald pussy. She blew her kiss and waggled her tongue. Natalie sat up, closed her legs, released her skirt, then quickly unbuttoned her blouse, slipped it off her shoulders, unclipped her bra and dropped it in her lap. She looked over at Linda and saw her watching. Natalie glanced at the door, then turned toward Linda and shook her chest. Her bare tits swung and swayed wildly before she lifted her blouse over her shoulders and buttoned it up.
Linda stepped back to Natalie's desk and bent over. She whispered, "You're nothing but a tease," as she held one of Natalie's nipples and gently squeezed it through her blouse. She kissed Natalie on the lips and went back to her desk. Both women displayed a beautiful pair of pokies as they started preparing for their day in the office. Their lunch break was the next chance they had to chat about Linda's weekend. The office door was closed, and they sat in the lounge area, usually kept for meetings, at the far end of the room, away from the door, out of earshot.
"I have a new alarm clock..." announced Linda,
"A new alarm clock," replied Natalie, with a quizzed look on her face.
"Yes... It eats my pussy to wake me up every morning," stated Linda.
"Every morning..." echoed Natalie,
"I have breakfast, then my pussy is shaved and searched... every morning,"
"Every morning..." Natalie echoed again.
"Yes, I was told I had to look my best when I leave the house..."
"What do you mean your pussy's searched?" asked Natalie. Linda replied by sticking out her tongue, forming it into a point and flicking it up and down.
Natalie looked at her, "Every morning,"
"Ah Huh... every morning... and another thing, my alarm clock has been different... every morning,"
"Different, How?" asked Natalie,
"Different as in, a different tongue." Linda paused briefly. "First it was female, then male, this morning was female, making me cum to wake me up... I have absolutely no idea who they are,"
"Really... no idea... It could be anyone from anywhere, at work, at the supermarket. I am so jealous,"
Linda suddenly looked shocked she'd never thought of that. "Ah, Shit! I hope it's no one at work. I couldn't imagine being in a staff meeting and thinking that one or more people in the room may have eaten my pussy or standing in the queue at the supermarket, and the person in front of you gives you that knowing look." Both women chuckled between the banter of imaginative possibilities of who it might be. There were even a few suggestions of who they'd like it to be. Natalie's head lolled back against the lounge, her eyes sliding closed. Memories and imagination were taking her to Linda's bed and the futon.
"So when did all this start..." Natalie asked,
Questions of how far I go, do I tell her everything and with who niggled at Linda as she looked at Natalie. Her thoughts wandered to the last time they had 'worked late'. In the darkness of their office, the view was aglow with Brisbane's city lights. They lay naked in each other's arms on a sofa bed, both aflame in the coital afterglow, waiting for the fireworks of the annual 'River Fire' festival to begin.
She sipped her tea, sucked in a deep breath, let it out slowly, and then started.
"It started on Friday after I left here," Linda stated as she anxiously shifted on the lounge.