This little vignette is closer to soft-core, than hard. Just a teaser of a short story, I guess, and totally unrealistic fantasy. Hope you enjoy!
*****
Angela Rhymes was overqualified, not to mention the hottest applicant to come across my desk. She wore a low cut blouse, with a push up bra, exposing mounds of flesh, and sporting a short skirt that teased what was underneath with every move.
"Miss Rhymes, I'm not sure I can afford you. Your references are impeccable and you have ten years of experience leading large, successful campaigns. My firm primarily handles small and mid-sized accounts. Our anchor client only pulls in two hundred thousand a year for us, and that's before costs."
"What is your offer, Mr Adams?"
"The highest I can go is sixty-nine." I just knew she would walk out. She deserved six figures.
"Mr. Adams, I am good at what I do. Suppose we double the net profits by next year, with me on board? How about I take fifteen percent of all new revenue over previous years' history, on top of the base salary?"
I thought about it. With Angela's resume, I could pick up bigger clients and more work, no doubt. Again, not to mention, she's easy on the eyes. "Angela, you have a deal. I'll have my attorney put some paperwork together."
"This is on one condition, Peter." She called me by my first name, I suppose familiar enough with me, having just agreed to her conditions.
"That is?"
"No sexual harassment."
This caught me off guard and I reeled back. I had two other attractive women work for me in the past - not on Angela's level of beauty, mind you, but still - and never did I dream of crossing a line with them. "I'm uh... I'm sorry, did I give you any impression... or did you hear something? Because I have nev-"
"Mr Adams," said Angela, going back to my formal name, while looking down to her tits. "My last two assignments grouped me with the worst of assholes. All the time, staring at my breasts." Angela picked herself off the chair and stood up, leaning over my desk, her hanging cleavage not far from my eyes. "I may have an attractive figure, but I am not a piece of meat."
"Of course not," I agreed, struggling to look her in the face.
"Doug Devenshire always wanted me to work with my tits out, like this." Angela shifted upright, and plopped her two ample breasts out, over her blouse and bra. "One, this looks ridiculous. Two, it is uncalled for, that he would ever ask to see these." She was motioning at her exposed flesh, and then quickly pinched the nipples. "So am I clear? I will not work under those conditions again."
"Of course not," I repeated myself. "And please, you don't have to demonstr-"
"And Geoff Winfrey used to come up behind me all the time, ripping my skirt up." In one swift motion, Angela yanked her skirt to her waist, revealing she wore nothing underneath, completely bare, save for the smallest of triangle patches, just above her clit. It was incredibly erotic. "Are we at an understanding, Mr. Adams? I don't want you doing that."
"Yes, absolutely," I coughed, shaking a bit, glad I was sitting behind a desk where she couldn't see I was hard as stone. The head of my cock, rising through my pants, pushing against the underside of the table.
Angela paused for a moment, eyeing me carefully up and down, her hands at her hips. With her tits still pointing in my direction and her skirt hiked all the way up, I could have exploded on the spot. I was sweating at the brow, trying to think of anything to get my mind off the perverted things I wanted to do to her.
"Well, okay, then. I accept your offer," Angela said. "Have your attorney draw up an employment agreement and if you stay true to your word, I promise, we will go great places together."
"That's an appealing vision," I half smiled, looking to the floor. Why wouldn't she put her tits back in her blouse?
"Oh, I'm sorry, does this bother you?" Angela asked. I meekly looked back to her and kind of nodded and shook my head at the same time. "I mean, it's one thing for these assholes to demand to see me naked, but what? Are you repulsed by me, or something?"
"What? No! Of course not. I mean, you're a very beautiful wo-"
"Then what's the problem? Are my tits offensive or something?"
"No, it's just this is all unexpected.. and maybe, unnecessary?"
"Unnecessary?"
"Yes, I would never harass a colleague, ever. It isn't in my nature."
Angela sighed, and walked around my desk, hopping on top of it. I stayed tucked under it for obvious reasons, but she was uncomfortably close. She hiked one leg up on the desk, exposing everything. "Let me just say, if what you are telling me is the truth, you would be the first man I've ever known, to NOT sexually harass me."
"What? That's crazy!" I insisted. "Certainly, not everyone you worked with was that terrible?"
"Oh, yes, Mr. Adams." Angela started rubbing the tip of her clit while she spoke, leaning forward a bit, exposing her breasts more. "Once, I was masturbating in my office, and Keith Hendrickson came in, grabbed my vibrator out of my hands, and finished for me. I didn't give him permission, of course. He just had his way with me, using that damned dildo at his own discretion. And this has been my experience everywhere I go."
I was sweating bullets, my voice cracking. "Uh.. maybe.. it was.. well, I know this may sound insulting, but because you... you might give off signals?"
"What kind of signals says, 'Please attack my pussy with my very own dildo!'?" screamed Angela, as she drove two fingers inside herself. "It's my pussy, not Keith's. It isn't his right to do with as he pleases."
"I agree with you, but maybe he thought you implied he could."
"No, I didn't. I mean, what if you just moved my hand out of the way and dove your face into my pussy? You do realize that would be completely out of line?"
"Of course, it would."
"Like this!" she yelled, as she reached over, too fast for me to respond, yanking my head deep into her crotch. "This isn't exactly cool, is it?" she mocked. "This is the kind of crap I had to deal with at my previous employer." Angela kept forcing me down while she demonstrated, and I wasn't putting up much of a fight. "It was frustrating dealing with this kind of harassment on a daily basis!"
If there was ever a "magical, perfect pussy," I was looking at it. Her perfume sent shivers down my spine and I wanted to eat her up, but somehow I resisted, gurgling out, "Angela, of course I wouldn't do this to you. You don't have to go to such measures to show me th-"
Angela pushed me back, and leaned forward. With her sitting so close on the desk above me, her thick nipples were inches from my lips. Also, she'd kicked me back far enough to now see the massive erection in my pants, too. "Aha!" she pointed. "That's the thing I am talking about, Mr. Adams. Every male colleague I have worked with, thinking it's okay to sport erections around me. Put that away!"
"I wish I could!" I protested.
"And then you'll go right back to harassing me, of course," Angela rolled her eyes. "You men are all the same. Really, I'm not sure I can take this job, after seeing you break so easily from my testing."
"Well, stop throwing your tits in my face!" I screamed, losing my shit. "How the hell am I supposed to react when the most strikingly, beautiful woman I have ever seen, strips naked and teases me like this?"
Angela shifted back. "Wait. So you DO find me attractive?"
"Yes, I already told you that, but I am NOT going to sexually harass you."
"Good," she said, quieting down. "Then you won't mind if I work naked?"
"What? No!"
"I'm glad you don't mind," she said, knowing perfectly well that isn't what I meant with my 'no' answer. "You see, I am a nudist. For some reason, many men think they can have their way with me, because of that fact. But you don't mind, do you? Sincerely?"
"If you meet your end of the bargain with this employment agreement, I wouldn't care if you're a cross dresser," I proclaimed.
Angela squeezed her tits and sighed. "Alright then. I'll start Monday. I have a couple clients I already know are on board."
"Really?"
"Yes, really. Can't wait to start."
I whispered to myself. "And I can't wait to finish."