This is Joe's perspective of the activities in "Tina's Play Thing"
I suggest reading the series beginning with "All Eyes On Me"
This is a work of fiction.
_________________________________
I have to take a minute to write down what happened to me tonight. It was the scariest, sexiest, most embarrassing night of my life.
My name is Joe. I'm a single, 39 year old guy. No, I'm not a virgin. I'm not gay either. I just have high standards for my female romantic partners. I got married after college, but that only lasted a couple of years. In the end, we just weren't a good match. I've dated many women over the years, but none lasted more than a month or two. They start out hot, but we always lose interest in each other petty quickly.
I have a low sex drive compared to most men, I think. At least that's the feedback I've gotten. I have sexual fantasies and I masturbate occasionally, but I'm sorry, sex just isn't my highest priority. Women who want it more than two or three times a month get frustrated with me.
Anyway, back to the party I attended tonight. My high school friend Charlotte was hosting a party at her house on a hill. We have all known each other since middle school or high school and try to get together at least once a year. I'm one of the few guys in our friend group and it's definitely something I look forward to.
After work, I came home and changed into an appropriate outfit and headed over to her place. I was one of the first to arrive and started with a much needed vodka martini while we all caught up with each other's lives. The hot topic seemed to be Tina and her new boyfriend Curt.
Tina has always been a "wild one" and after a marriage, kids and divorce she has had a series of memorable partners. She's a hot 44 year old MILF with a powerful personality. At 5'8" with a very cute body, she is usually the center of attention when we go out.
Tonight, Tina was responsible for the "entertainment". In the past, that has meant games, wine tasting, pool party, dress up themes etc. We were all anxious to find out what novel idea Tina would bring to the party. We were all anxious to meet "her Curt" too.
After most of us had arrived, I counted ten on the veranda, I finally saw Tina at the top of the stairs. Then I saw the man on her arm. Wow. "Her Curt" was about 6' tall and lean with longish hair, tattoos on his arms and chest and an intimidating mustache. He was wearing a black button down shirt with pearl snaps, khaki pants and dark brown leather boots. My mouth was suddenly very dry.
I went to the bar for another martini and watched Tina and Curt move effortlessly through the crowd. Tina introduced Curt to everyone and I overheard her say he's a firefighter. "Are you serious?" I thought. "Where does she find these guys?"
When she reached the edged of the patio, she stood with her back to the setting sun. "Friends, gather around. I want to tell you about tonight's entertainment! It feels like I've already told most of you about my sexy boyfriend Curt. I hope everyone has had a chance to meet him. Anyway, I know this is a little bit 'different' for this crowd, but as a gift to all of you I'm sharing him with you tonight", she said excitedly.
"Share him with us? What does that mean?" I asked Steve who was standing next to me and the only other male guest.
"No clue dude" he answered without taking his eyes off of Tina.
"Ladies, and gentlemen, Curt is my boyfriend. He is also my toy. All of you get to play with him tonight. Curt will do anything I ask him to do. And tonight, I'm extending that privilege to all of you. Curt, take off your shirt and pants." she ordered.
"What is happening?" I squeaked out.
"Dude, the chicks are going to love this. I can't believe Tina brought a stripper" Steve said.
"He's not a stripper, Steve. That's her boyfriend. She's been telling everyone about this sexy dude she's fucking who does anything she says. It's like he's her sex slave or something" I replied.
"Damn..., good for them" he said.
I looked back to see Curt start unsnapping his shirt from the top. I involuntarily took a couple of steps forward to get a good look. Then I saw what was under his shirt. Holy crap! He was wearing a pink bra. A cute, sexy, lacy, pink bra that clung to his chest. Everyone inhaled sharply as his shirt slid off his shoulders. He stood confidently with his back arched, shoulders back and abs rigid. He even put his hands on his hips and looked everyone in the eyes like fucking Superman!
It was very sexy how Tina came up behind him and cupped his chest as he unbuckled his pants and lowered them. "Oh my god!" He was also wearing a pink garter belt holding up nylons and a super-cute pair of matching lacy, pink panties. Tina bent down and helped him out of his pants and boots as he stood there loving the attention.
I couldn't believe what I was seeing. "When did this become a sex party?"
I didn't know a man could look so good in lingerie. I made a note to add that fetish to my porn search-strategy. I was truly lost trying to understand what was happening to me as I moved toward the front. I desperately wanted to see his buns.
Then, Tina rotated him around and showed off his impossibly hard ass cradled in pretty, cheeky panties. That did it, my cock was throbbing in my underwear. I made eye contact with Jenny as I reached into my pants and adjusted my hardening dick. She smiled and nodded toward Curt. I smiled and shrugged, trying not to acknowledge that the stud in panties was turning me on.
Things soon got even wilder as Tina invited Charlotte to sit in an Adirondack chair and Curt got down on his knees in front of her. Tina than announced that "her Curt" was going to eat her out until she came in his mouth! Charlotte tried to make a run for it, but Tina managed to sweet talk her and Curt began licking. Obviously, I don't know what Charlotte was feeling, but I think Curt was doing a good job.
In short time, Charlotte's skirt was around her waist, panties thrown aside and her ankles over the wide arms of the chair. Curt fingered and licked and sucked until she screamed and came in his mouth. He even slid his pinky in her ass right before she came.
The crowd was speechless as this hunky guy knelt between Charlotte's legs and worked her over. The sight was incredible too. His strong back and glutes were on display, both adorned in pretty, lacy undergarments. My cock was rigid too as I eagerly caught glimpses of my friends little pussy. I also stole glances at Curt's semi-hard cock in his panties. I was hoping someone would get up the nerve to reveal it to us soon.
After the cunnilingus display, we all sauntered toward the dinner table. It was a long rectangle, beautifully arranged with linens and low flower arrangements. We took our seats and the catering staff began pouring wine and bringing the salad course. I watched Tina and Curt talk off to the side. Then Tina approached the table and explained that Curt would love to do what he did for Charlotte to the rest of us.
Steve was seated across from me. His eyes got big and asked "Hey Joe, are you going to let him blow you?" loud enough for others to hear.
"Yeah right Steve, whatever" I had no idea what to say and my mind was reeling.
I couldn't believe that this studly guy was volunteering to crawl around under the table during dinner and eat pussy and suck dicks and we were supposed to act like it was..."normal?" And what was up with Steve? He's hyper-masculine. Was he going to get a BJ from Curt? "What?!"
I looked up and saw Tina smiling from ear to ear as she approached Brenda. "Honey, I have a surprise for you." Then, Curt walked onto the deck. I choked on my wine. He had removed his panties. His cock was hard with a ring around the base below his balls. He was slowly caressing it as he closed within inches of Brenda's mouth. He formed a circle with two fingers and began to thrust into his hand. His other hand was cupping his balls. He then flipped his hand over and used a different stroking technique.
Everyone seated close by was entranced by this amazingly sexy display. I didn't want to blink for fear of missing a microsecond of action. Then, he moved his hand from his balls and squeezed the tip with his stroking hand. A large droplet of clear fluid gathered at the hole and he scooped it up. I thought he would feed it to Brenda, which would have been very sexy. Instead, he brought it to his mouth and sucked his precum off his finger. "Oh...my...god."
Tina then came over and made a little joke as she ushered him under the table and reminded the ladies to remove their panties if they wanted some "special time" with Curt. That's when Steve cleared his throat loudly.
"Don't worry Steve, Curt won't leave you out. I told him to take care of you too. Make it easy for him to get inside your pants, please. You and Joe will get your orgasms. I'll let Curt decide how to do it. Remember, you can play with his parts too if you're interested."
Wait, what? This guy is going to make me cum if I want him to? And she gave us permission to "play with his parts?" Now I was really flustered. I didn't know what I wanted. If he offered, would I let him suck me? Is that gay? What would everyone else say? Did Steve already say he wanted Curt to blow him? Is that gay? I was excited and confused.
I saw him begin at the end opposite Tina. Cathy looked ready as she slumped down and sat her panties on the table next to her. Her eyes rolled back and her mouth formed a stupid smile.
I could tell he was moving faster than he did with Charlotte. How was he going to eat this much pussy during dinner?
I tried to enjoy my delicious food as we buzzed and gossiped about what was happening to our friends around us. "Is Curt a prostitute or a stripper?" and "Is he really a firefighter?" or "What do you want him to do to you?"
One of the ladies mentioned how sexy it would be if the table had a glass top and we could watch Curt crawling around. She was right. I would love to see his sexy backside while he knelt between someone's knees and gave them pleasure.
Then Curt came to Steve. I saw him smile broadly and rise up a little as he looked down and whispered to Curt. Steve also closed his eyes and smiled as Curt went to work on his tool. After a couple of minutes, Steve called out to Tina "Your boy is pretty good, Tina! He's got my pants down to my knees. He's stroking me and playing with my balls just how I like it. Are you sure I can't cum in his mouth?"
Oh my. Now Steve was saying the hand job he was receiving wasn't good enough. Now he was begging for oral service? What a jerk. But, maybe that's how you play off enjoying a little gay pleasure among friends. It's OK as long as you make fun of the "Sissy."
Within minutes, Steve was humping excitedly and saying "fuck, fuck, fuck, yesss!" as he came under the table. I wondered what Curt was doing with all of Steve's cum. Did he have a napkin? Did he lick it up? My cock surged thinking about his predicament.
Conversations around the table turned a little bit after Curt made Steve cum. "Is Curt gay?", "Did he enjoy playing with Steve's cock?", "Why would Tina make him do this?" I was thinking about those things myself and considering what I would do if Tina were my girlfriend. I decided it would be easier for me if a pretty girl was encouraging me to do those dirty things.
Suddenly, I looked down and saw Curt's ass next to me as he dove his face into Wendy's crotch. She let out a cute yelp as he muscled her thighs apart and began licking. I couldn't help myself. I touched him.
Ok, I didn't just "touch him". I cupped his ass in my hand and massaged. It was smooth; hard with soft skin over his ass muscles. My heart began to race. I moved to his crack. I traced up and down and approached is asshole. The ladies to either side of me were watching me fondle him. I made eye contact with them, but couldn't speak. They knew something was happening to me.
Then, without missing a beat, Curt reached back and handed me a little vial of lube. "Lucky you!" whispered Kate. I drizzled it into my hand and coated my fingers. With those two watching me, I slid a finger into Curt's bottom. Oh my god. I was fingering a man. He was tight and warm. I couldn't stop myself. I reached under him and grasped his cock. He was indeed the "Man of Steel."
I admit, it wasn't the first penis other than mine that I had touched. But it was the first Man Cock that I had played with. I touched other boys in school, but this was very different. This cock was Hot to the touch. It pulsated in my hand. His balls were like small eggs. I almost giggled at how strong it was.
Kate was sitting to the other side of me. She leaned in and asked "enjoying yourself, Joey? I think it's sexy when boys play with each other. Don't worry, Tina said you can do whatever you want to with Curt."
Oh nooo, I was acting too gay. I didn't want her to get the wrong idea. "Hey Tina, your Sissy likes it in the ass!" I called out in an effort to seem masculine like Steve had done. Kate frowned a little and sat back in her chair.
Tina came over and made a show of making fun of Curt with my fingers in his ass. "What in the world? Curt, have you been taking things in your little asshole all night? Oh my goodness. That was supposed to be the dessert entertainment. Curt, come out here you dirty Sissy!"
He finally backed out and stood up. He seemed surprised to see me wiping the lube and ass juice on my napkin. I think he thought it was Kate violating his bottom. Nope, it was me.
"Hi baby", he said to Tina when he saw her.
"Enjoying yourself you little cum slut?" she asked.
"Yes ma'am" he replied sheepishly.
"You smell like pussy and have man-cum on you. I smell ass too..." she said.
"Guilty" he smiled.
This guy was unreal. How could he come off so cool while dressed like a sissy and after servicing us under the table? And Tina seemed genuinely entertained and smitten with him.
Curt disappeared and we all retired to the living room. It was a cool sunken space with lots of couches and comfortable chairs. There were many beautifully framed art pieces on the walls and the lighting was very romantic. I assumed the huge quilted ottoman in the center of the room was Curt's stage.
"Come in and join us Sissy!" Tina called out as Curt entered the room. "The ottoman is for you Pantyboy. Assume the position!"
She seemed to have a change of heart, "Wait a minute, I want to see you earn this fucking. Get everyone ready, baby. Give us lap dances. Who would like a lap dance from this PantyBoy before we fuck him?"
Hands shot up around the room. Girls were giggling and blushing. I couldn't help myself and raised my hand too.
Curt walked over to Charlotte, again, and began to dance for her. He turned away and lowered his amazing ass into her lap and shook it. Actually he ground into her as if she had a dick to get hard. He really played it up and played with his nipples while he looked around the room smiling. I have to admit, it was fucking sexy.
Then we made eye contact. I actually had butterflies in my stomach as he stared at me. He looked over at Tina and she gave him a knowing nod. I couldn't believe it when he stood up from Charlotte's lap and started slowly walking towards me. All the girls knew what was about to happen.
"Let's see it Curt!", "make him hard", "he wants to cum Curt", "do your thing PantyBoy".
I stared with my mouth open as this tall, handsome guy wearing only a pink bralette, garter belt and stockings approached me. His cock was about 7" long and thick. It was cut with a nicely shaped tip and modest veins running down its length. I didn't know what he was going to do when he reached me, but my cock was swelling in preparation.
When he got to me, he spread his legs outside of mine and danced with his cock in my face. Then he reached down and grabbed my semi-hard dick through my pants. He squeezed me a few times while I stared at his beautiful member so close to my lips. The cock ring nestled at the base was keeping the blood in his engorged manhood. His big round balls were shaved and prominently displayed. I forgot to breath.
He then stood up and turned around. Now his naked ass was in my face as he squatted in my lap and began to grind. My cock sprang to life and was enjoying the manual stimulation. I couldn't help myself. I reached around him and clutched his shaft in my fist.
The "audience" let out some squeals and shrieks as I gave into my desires.
His cock felt amazing. It was like a metal rod with warm, smooth skin stretched tightly around it. I couldn't believe how hot is was. Then, he reached down and aggressively opened my pants and fished my hard cock out. I closed my eyes as he began to jack me off too! We were stroking each other in front of all my closest friends. As he sat in my lap and ground his ass into my cock my only thought was "please cum with me Curt."
Curt had other plans, though. He stood and turned around again. That magnificent phallus was now poised in front of my mouth again. I gave into my dirtiest desire and spread my lips. I wanted it. I wanted to taste it. I wanted to feel that delicate skin on my tongue.
He didn't make me wait as he slid between my wet lips. "Oh god yes!" I thought as he grasped my cock again. It was an awkward position for both of us as I sucked him and he tried to jack me. I was bobbing my head up and down like I've seen so many women do. Suddenly, I grabbed his buns and pulled him closer. I didn't care about cumming anymore. I wanted him to own my mouth.
He seemed to understand and let go of my dick. He stood "erect" and grabbed my head in both of his strong hands. I heard gasps and "aahs" from my female friends as he slammed his cock home in my throat. I whimpered my approval as he pulled out and drove it home again. I thrust my tongue out and focused on keeping my teeth off his shaft.
I heard myself making obscene sounds from my throat as he pistoned in and out of my face. "Guh, guh, gaa, gaa, slurp" I couldn't help it. His cock seemed to fit me perfectly, as though I was made to take him "balls deep." The room was silent and I could hear my heart pounding in my ears as he pounded my mouth.
Then it happened. He grunted "fuck yes!" and shot a burst of cum in my throat. I struggled to swallow that as he pulled out to my lips and shot another one on my tongue. I wanted to taste his cum and pulled back a little. He grabbed himself and stroked down from the tip as he shot several more ropes across my cheeks, lips and teeth.
I stared up into his eyes as he looked down at me. His cock was already beginning to droop as I realized what I had done. The ladies went wild pointing and laughing. "Good job Joe!", "you sucked that cock like a pro", "you should teach us how to deep-throat", "was that your first time?"
I had done it. I voluntarily opened wide and took him inside my mouth. I bobbed up and down like a slutty cocksucker. I opened wide and let him fuck my skull like I was just a sleeve for his pleasure. I let everyone know that I am basically an imposter of a man who gave myself over for Curt to use.
Curt was very kind and handed me some tissues. I found that I was just smearing his goo around my face so I went to the bathroom to clean up. I couldn't decide how I felt. There was some shame, but also excitement. I hurried in and locked the door behind me. I looked at my face in the mirror and saw the aftermath of my first blowjob. I pulled out my phone and took a photo of my slutty face. Then I pulled my cock out and jacked off. I came in my hand and brought it to my mouth. I licked and spread it around my lips along with Curt's cum.
"What is happening to me?" I pondered as I brought my face to the faucet and cleaned myself.
I rejoined the group after a few minutes with a fresh drink. There were some polite applause and pats on my back. Then I saw Curt kneeling on the ottoman with his ass high and his face resting on the upholstery. Ladies were excitedly strapping on dildos and starting to fuck him. He was alternating between smiles and grimaces as my friends started fucking his ass and mouth.
I watched in awe as he took one after another. He looked so sexy in his lingerie with his ass receiving so much pounding. Tina was glowing as she instructed her friends in the art of pegging. I snuck closer to hear what she was saying. She really knew a lot about fucking men.
I was thinking about leaving when Steve came up beside me. "So dude, that was interesting."
"Yeah, hey Steve, is it ok if we don't talk about what happened to me?" I asked sheepishly.
"Sure Bro, I just wanted to say that if you ever want to do that again, I'd be happy to help you. I mean, I'm not going to reciprocate, but you really seemed to enjoy having your mouth fucked. I'm here for you man."
"Um, ok Steve" I replied and headed for the door.
During the drive home many thoughts raced through my head. "What do they think of me?", "are they talking about me right now?", "what am I?" and "what do I want next?"
I've been home for 2 hours touching myself and thinking about Curt and that amazing cock. I'll have to call Tina and thank her for an amazing night.
Thank you for reading and voting. I also value your comments very much. Stay tuned for more adventures with Curt and Tina.
Sincerely,
Waymoore