Class 1
I had a lot of delicious butterflies and goosebumps all over as I stood naked in front of a classroom of 23 young men. The youngest were 19 and the oldest were 22. Tom, the teacher, told them that they were all going to use my body as a prop for sex education. The classroom was locked and windows covered.
"First, you'll all be able to touch her and feel her, breasts, bottom, and all, while she stands still," he told them. "You will have time to explore her, one by one, as she stands naked and passive.
Of course I had butterflies and was nervous, but I also enjoyed sexual excitement. I had to keep reminding myself I'd volunteered. I guessed I must have been crazy.
"Then we'll put her in exposed positions and show you erotic zones, clitoris, perineum, anus, and vagina opening," he said. "you will be able to see from up close, and touch gently, but touch her everywhere, and see, touch, smell, and even taste the effects of arousal.
"However, that is if and only if you treat her with respect throughout. Consider her a goddess. No comments, no snickering, only gentle careful caressing touching. We are all grateful to her for offering herself like this; and we better show it."
I noticed that he didn't mention light spanking, which had been part of our deal. I wondered if that would come later. I had accepted that.
For me, this whole thing was safe fantasy. I link it to when I was five or six years old and with little friends the same age we hid behind the garage and pulled down our pants for each other, showing, and eventually touching, the privates. That was my first experience of arousal that I remember. By the time this happened, I was late twenties, divorced, proud of my fit body, and basically ready to engage in this outrageous scenario as an adventure in exposing myself without risk of anything getting out of control. Naked me showing all of myself to two dozen young men.
All this happened decades ago, well before digital cameras and camera phones. So it was easy for Tom to make sure there were no cameras and no pictures. Even then, though, he still had me wear a white silk mask over my eyes, to preserve the feeling of anonymity. And he threatened them not to make any attempt to find my identity. He made it clear that anybody who violated my anonymity would be kicked out of class and severely punished academically.
I got to this by answering one of those weird personal ads. Tom had posted it in a local hippy weekly. He kept it all very anonymous. The ad asked for an attractive young woman willing to lend her naked body to a classroom of male students over 18, for sex education. Before he interviewed me Tom sent me a mask and asked me to appear masked in his office without ever giving him my name. In the interview he was quite frank about his intention to include fingering and licking and some light spanking. Throughout this whole time, he never saw me without a mask, and he never knew my name.
After a brief introduction, with me left standing still with arms at my sides, Tom had the young men line up. Then he asked me to spread my legs to shoulder width and hold my arms behind my head. Then they came, one by one.
The first ones settled for mostly handfuls of my breasts and butt cheeks. But as they ran down the line they got steadily more adventurous. They started licking and sucking on nipples and feeling my pubic hair and into my slit and my butt on my back side. As they grew more advanced, Tom invited the earlier ones to get back in line, and before that was done, in about an hour, they were on me two and three at a time. I moistened up a lot and Tom called that out, pointing out how that worked, and why.
To be clear, nothing they did hurt. There was no pinching, and at this first round, no spanking either. That activity took up the entire class time. Then Tom let me dress, keeping my mask on, and had me wait for a while in the empty classroom before I left the building.
Class 2
This time Tom had me lay down on my back on a table, and pull my knees up and apart. He used some bands to help me hold that position without discomfort. He asked me to use both hands to pull my lower lips apart. Then he had the young men gather round and he showed them my clitoris. First he asked me to touch myself to show them what I liked, while they watched. They were spellbound. He commented on, annotated, what I did with my fingers. I was tempted to dip a finger or two into my vagina, but I held back on that, not wanting to jump out of Tom's boundaries.
Then he had them all line up and take turns again, with him guiding them. He made sure they were gentle. His soft voice and their soft touch were enough to keep me aroused. He repeatedly pointed out my arousal signs, which were quite obvious. Then, halfway through the class, he invited them to take turns with their tongues, and I loved it. He said they should see how a woman tastes. My juices flowed and they lapped them up happily. Those who weren't at my center were always invited to fondle my breasts; so that, which included licking and sucking, was also constant. I had waves or orgasms, which Tom pointed out. I was quite a spectacle.
Class 3
For this third class, Tom first led the students to a nearby rather large men's room where they all thoroughly washed their hands, while I, still dressed but also masked, watched. He made them pay careful attention to fingernails, and even used clippers to trim many of their nails. Then we all went back to the classroom and as they gathered round, I stripped and got back on the table in basically the same open and exposed position I'd had before, with bands to help hold my knees up and out.
At the start, they basically picked up where they had left off with their tongues and my clitoris as I became excited and very juicy. Within minutes, though, as soon as my body seemed open and willing, Tom invited them to explore inside my vagina with their fingers. As they did, taking long luxurious turns, my clit was constantly fondled by the next in line. That caused another session of waves of orgasms, which Tom called out as before.
Class 4
This class also started with the hand washing, like the previous one. But in this class I was naked on all fours on the table. Tom pointed out how in this position my breasts hung straight down, and he tweaked them, gently, to make them sway and jiggle. He had students two at a time tweak my breasts in opposite directions, one swinging up towards my chin and the other down toward my belly, in rapid motion. And push them to make them sway sideways, as well.
Then, even as they continued to play with me like that, he moved behind me and pointed out how my lines curved in from hips and butt to waist. He caressed my curves like that and invited them to join him, taking turns.
And then he introduced spanking. He made sure they understood that spanking was for the erotic excitement, not the pain. But he allowed some pain to happen to me on as the group of them took turns whacking my butt. Loud slapping sounds took over the space. He made them pause and fondle and caress, then let them go back to whacking. And the hanging breast games never stopped.
Class 5
Tom did the handwashing again and put me naked on all fours again, on the table. Then they took the whole class time doing whatever (within Tom's careful constraints) they wanted with me. It was to be a free for all of fingers up inside me, plus all the spanking, licking, fondling, and sucking they wanted. Their hands kept my breasts in constant motion.
This time he allowed fingers up my ass as well as my vagina. He did, however, caution them not to insert a finger that had been up my ass into my vagina. He also let them have me lick the fingers after they'd been in my vagina, to clean them; but not after they'd been in my ass.
And throughout, he called out the waves of sexual pleasure that rolled through my body. And told them to keep tasting me too, as my juices flowed. "Don't let her drip onto the table. Enjoy that taste."
And then it was done. I never saw Tom or (as far as I know) any of those students again. I was never tempted to do anything like that again; but I'm still glad I had that one fantasy fulfilled safely.