Synopsis: This is the second entry in a series that chronicles the real life of a true sub and fucktoy. She is controlled by her Master to be but an object, body, toy and holes for men to use. This is not fiction or fantasy. The people, activities and events are all true, but some names, locations and identifying details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved.
To fully understand and appreciate things and how she got to where she is now, it is recommended that you readThe Backstory.
Is the next two installment, you will be introduced to ones who regularly uses her. There are many who have used her once or a couple of times, but these were chosen as regulars because of their availability, and how they view and treat her.
MM, or Married Man
As mentioned in The Backstory, MM first appeared one Halloween when she was handing out treats dressed in a cheerleader outfit. He received a treat bag specially prepared for Dads that let them know if they wanted to use the cheerleader, to text the number included in the bag. It was only a day or two before he reached out.
He is maybe 7 years older, mostly average size and build, and, obviously, married. Choosing to fuck someone else is his decision, plus the slut is just for use and not girlfriend material. However, it should be noted that she likes any men who want to use, but those who are attached and can't get what they want at home.
MM is a man of very few words, but is definitely the take-charge type. So much so that he has told her to not talk and just do what he says and wants. The only speaking she does while being used is with her Master over Skype to tell him what MM wants and does to her. One thing that is abundantly clear is that he wants to use her holes just as hard as he can. But that is not a problem in the slightest because it is what she was trained for and she actually likes - wants -- to be used that way. Vanilla no longer interests her.
From the very first time, he did just that. He took no mercy on her in how he fucked her. It wasn't until later that we realized he would watch to gauge her reaction and how well she took the pounding so he'd know if he could be even rougher.
As a reminder, she was trained that she is only good for fucking and, as such was relegated to the floor, furniture, etc - never a bed. Also, that she should always try to be placed so she is facing away and only seen as holes. Not that he needed to know that or cared.
He would put her on all fours with tits down and ass up high, bent over the kitchen table or draped over the arm of the couch. All positions where he could put his weight and thrusts into her. The slut always wears high fuck-me heels not only for appearance, but to raise her up for better use.
At the time, her ass was not trained and he knew it was not available. So he would mostly use her pussy, but also enjoyed her mouth and throat. He knew he could control her how he wished and that she was trained to accept it, no matter how hard it was on her. And he took advantage of that and her. He quickly became one that the slut was told to text when her Master wanted her used.
With each visit, he would be harder, almost as if testing her and what all he could handle. He was rough with how he first entered her and rougher when he finished, often leaving her both drained and sore. But he didn't care and that didn't stop him. He was told from the outset that she was available for use until he had no more use for her. So it was routine for him to use her two, sometimes three, times in a session. And when he was done, she would always obediently clean his cock with her mouth to drain the last of his cum, thank him for using her and tell him she hoped she pleased him.
It is all "business" for him, so he didn't much care about her being dressed slutty to start and then stripping to be used. Instead, he more wanted her naked, wet and ready when he arrived. So she would be all of those, wearing just fuck-me heels and sometimes stockings, but nothing else. He was also told that the front door would be unlocked and he could just let himself in when he arrived.
It wasn't long before he shared that he had told some friends about her and they, too, wanted to use the slut. After sharing that with her Master, she was instructed to tell MM she was pleased how he spoke of her to his friends and that he was welcome to invite them.
The first time he brought friends, it was three guys. When they entered, they found her standing naked in Presentation Position for them to enjoy and insect her body with their eyes. Immediately, they knew MM was telling the truth about her. And, having already told them about her, they knew that they, too, could use her how and how hard they wanted.
While she had previously been used by more than one guy, she had never been used by four. She was nervous, maybe scared, when she saw four of them enter. However, once she saw how they leered at her and huddled to speak quietly amongst themselves, the nervousness quickly vanished and turned to excitement and eagerness to be used by and please them.
While the idea of being used by that many - two or three times each - was daunting to her, she truly wanted it, and never asked her Master if she could stop. Instead, being a fucktoy, she accepted their use.
That first time, none wanted anything but her pussy because, as much as it has been used over the years, it remains very tight. They moved her from place to place, taking turns fucking her. In the end, each used her three times, leaving her worn out and sore, but happy she pleased them all, and knowing she made her Master proud.
Most times, she would be told to text MM that she was available for use and it was often just him. But sometimes MM was told he could bring others. He would also text her from time to time asking if he could use her, either alone or with friends. Knowing he was thinking about using her actually made her feel good about herself because it reaffirms she's a good slut, fucktoy and fuck.
MM had been told her ass was not available for use, but he would still ask from time to time. She understood a true fucktoy is a 3-hole slut, so training of her ass began. Using three plugs, each one larger than the next, she learned to accept - take - having something in her ass, filling it, using it.
After using her pussy one day, he asked again about her ass and, this time, was told it, too, could be used. He knew, but was told it would be her first time. She got on all fours, pushed her tits hard to the floor raised her ass to present it to him as a gift, then waited to feel the tip of his cock touch her puckered hole.
Uncharacteristically, he was kind, even slow when he first pushed just the head against and then into her tight, virgin asshole. He paused momentarily for her to adjust to it before continuing to feed her more of his cock.
He could see it was hard for her and hurt. Her whimpers eventually escalated to an audible "Owww" coming from her. But that didn't deter him. He continued pushing her cock deeper, stretching her hole and filling her ass still more. It was like he didn't care that it hurt her and, instead, liked that it did and wanted to hurt her ass with his cock.
Once he'd worked to fully immerse his cock in her asshole, he, with no warning, just started fucking her ass as hard as he had just fucked her pussy. He increased the speed and power, ramming into her again and again. The force with which he fucked her pushed her forward, making her tits slide across the floor as he did. This is probably exactly what he'd wanted since he first met her and he was relentless in taking what he wanted.
Having already cum from fucking her pussy, he was able to last longer and just kept slamming into her, only to draw back and do it again. Eventually, the thought of fucking the slut's virgin ass, combined with how it was even tighter than her pussy, was overwhelming for him. Even after he came, he continued his assault on her ass, milking the last of his cum from his cock.
When he finally pulled out, she sighed relief and literally fell flat on the floor. He, too, took a few minutes to catch his breath while gazing at her and what he'd done to her. He began to dress, signifying he had no more use for the slut. Seeing that, she picked herself up and thanked him for using her, almost expecting he would reciprocate or tell her she did well. Instead, he coldly, bluntly told her he wanted her to be just an anal slut for him from now on.
Still half dazed and taken aback by his words, she stammered she would speak with her Master, but would let him know.
While MM fulfilled his fantasy to fuck her ass, he was not granted his wish that she only be an anal slut for him. Instead, she is a 3-hole slut for him (and his friends) to use. However, when MM is involved, both he and the slut know her ass will be used at least once. And sometimes, it is all that is used.

- - - - - - - -

Up Next: A look at the Players - The Boys.