This continues the story of Jo, a teacher from Northern England and 7 of her final year students, on a short break in Amsterdam. All the participants are 18 or over.
*****
Jo and Arabella almost fell into the taxi that took her back to the latter girls flat, after their impromptu spectacle in a sex club. They felt pummelled into submission, aching all over and sticky with cum, only partly cleaned up in the club. Glancing at each other in the back of the cab, they burst out laughing, mainly from relief at having survived, pretty much intact.
On arrival, they helped each other up to the second floor flat and headed straight for the bathroom. Ripping off the remains of their clothes, they showered together, helping each other to clean off the muck from their bodies and in their hair. Cum was still dripping out of them, in Jo's case, from her Ass as well. They tried to wash out their aching Cunts, with the shower head, as best they could.
Quickly drying their hair, they fell into Arabella's bed together and fell asleep in each other's arms immediately, beyond exhausted.
they woke up about the same time and groaned at the memory of the previous night, the shame and very public humiliation. Gazing at each other, Arabella started giggling, which set off Jo.
"God that was fantastic, I didn't know, that sex, well, you know." Arabella trailed off.
"Could be so mind blowing, the best sensation in your life, you mean." Jo replied.
"Yes, as you say, earth shattering. Those men, hung like stallions and the stamina. Don't know bout you, but if a man can last two minutes before coming and starting to snore, well that was a good night, but last night, wow. Still, I must get to work"
Arabella jumped out of bed and rushed to the bathroom, shouting, "Make me some coffee and toast love."
Jo got up and said to herself. "And I've got to face those kids, if even a hint of this gets back to school, I'm finished, career over before it even started. What the fuck can I do?"
She had the horrible feeling that the boys, or young men, as they were, in the party, would find a suitable way to make her pay. How could she have been so stupid, to get in the club and perform, never mind letting the kids follow them. Still it was done, couldn't be undone. It just had to be handled, but how?
Arabella came out as she poured the coffee and buttered the toast.
"Thanks love, I've had nothing but cocks and cum in my mouth for over 12 hours." Arabella, drank and ate as fast as she could and ran out of the house.
"Phone you later about meeting for a post mortem, luckily not a real one, OK?"
Jo smiled and waved her goodbye, as she sipped at hot coffee and nibbled some toast. Then she went into the bathroom, washed and looked at her clothes. Next problem, just a sheer and short cotton dress, no underwear anymore and sandals. She put them on and gasped as she saw herself in the mirror, she looked naked. Her large breasts and nipples were clear to see, you could even see her pubic hair through the material.
No choice, she left the flat and started to walk back to the hotel, trying to cover her breasts as they quivered. Every man she passed, stared, mouth open. The women muttered, "Tart and stupid whore."
Finally, at last, she reached the hotel and rushed upstairs. Luckily, the two girls she was sharing with were out, presumably at breakfast. Changing quickly into a tee shirt, shorts and underwear at last, she rushed back out to find the others. It had to be faced, so best get it over with.
She found them in the hotel breakfast room and entered to jeers, catcalls and very rude comments.
"Shut up for goodness sake, do you want us to be thrown out of the hotel?" Jo settled them with her best Schoolmistress voice.
They all sat back and stared silently at her.
"Well... well, what?" She asked
"It's just, we've never met a porn star before." Jerry teased.
"Oh stop it will you. I'm not that, a porn star."
"You don't seem to understand, I'm shocked rigid, traumatised. My young life is blighted, I may never recover. I think I've got PTSD." Bill finished.
"You don't know what PTSD is." Jo said contemptuously.
"Do, smart ass, Post traumatic Stress Disorder."
"I can certainly confirm the shocked rigid bit. They were all very rigid last night, quite impressive actually." Jerry again.
"Sorry, did they give you any trouble?"
"Oh, we can handle them, slapped them down OK."
"Look, we are not addressing my trauma, what are you going to do?" Bill asked.
"Nothing, now what are we going to do today, canal boat ride as we planned?"
"Yes, all right Jo, we'll do that. But you can't just dismiss our psychic trauma. We will all need therapy." Dave suggested.
" And just what might that be, let me guess?" Jo was getting irritated.
"Oh we can discuss that tonight."
Jo got up to leave, muttering "That's what I was afraid of."
They all joined her and walked out of the hotel together, towards the boat they had chosen before. The trip was very good, covering parts of the city they hadn't really seen before, including a diamond factory. That was something they added to the to do list. Jo wondered if doing her was on the boy's list, sure it was and top of the list at that. To be honest, her motor had well and truly been switched on last night and initiating the boys into the wonders of sex, wasn't totally repulsive to her. They were really quite good looking, but the risks of it getting back to school, too awful to contemplate.
Putting it out of her mind, they jumped off the boat and looked for a place to have a beer and sandwich. They all sat round a table, chatting and Jo noticed two hands on her thighs and let it slide, pretending not to notice. In fact, it was definitely enjoyable, dangerously show. If the boys made a move on her, she was not sure she would resist. In fact she was sure she wouldn't. This holiday was descending into a murky, sordid place, but did she care? Not at all.
They decided on a trip to a diamond factory and were surprised to be let in, it must have been a slow day. They didn't look like big diamond buyers. It was interesting, seeing the stones being faceted with diamond powder discs. The jewellery in the shop was wonderful, but unsurprisingly, the boys didn't club together to buy Jo a little ring.
After stopping for a cup of tea, they went back to the hotel for an afternoon nap, then met at 6 for the evening meal. The boys got back on the subject of how traumatised they were, by seeing their teacher, very publicly gang banged. Jo told them to shut up, it was getting boring.
She was handed a package by one of the boys. It wasn't a ring unfortunately, but a set of four furry handcuffs. The plan for the rest of the evening couldn't have been more obvious and the two girls tried to slap the boys down, shame them, but it didn't work. Hands went back to her thighs and under her short skirt. Jo could have dressed more carefully, but she was looking forward to the rest of the evening. Fingers pushed under her thong and stroked her slit, making her wet.
But God she wanted it, if someone had pushed her face down over the restaurant table and fucked her, she wouldn't have struggled.
They payed the bill and Dave asked,
"You coming back to our room for a drink girls?"
"No we're not and nor is Jo." Jerry snapped.
"I'd better go back with them, talk about last night, school, you know." Jo tried to reassure them.
"You're not going to talk about anything tart, how could you?" Lucinda challenged her.
Jo didn't reply, there was nothing she could say. She walked back to the hotel, a hand stroking her ass.. They all got into a lift to go up to their rooms and two hands moved from behind, to grip her tits. The two younger girls sighed and stared at Jo, with contempt. They'd tried to protect her, but she hadn't wanted protection. When they got out of the lift, the boys and Jo went to their room, watched by the two girls, who gave up and went to their own room, whispering intently.
When they got in the room, the six of them stared at each other, at a loss what to do. Jo broke the spell and reached behind to undo her dress letting it slip to the floor. The boys gasped, her pants were pulled between her labia and the half cup bra, had given up the struggle to contain the 36DD's.
"Look this is a one off, I mean it. No discussion of it ever, no talk to friends, family, school friends, clear?" there was a pause. "I said clear?" louder this time.
There were muttered yes's and of course's, as she reached behind to undo the bra and push down her soaking pants. Standing quite naked, she said "Well".
Hungry hands fell on her, gripping, probing, pinching, as others snapped the cuffs on wrists and ankles. Her head fell back as she enjoyed the mauling, never having felt so many fingers before. The boys stripped their clothes off quickly and it was an arousing sight. All slim, with good bodies and nice cocks tight against their bellies.
Jo couldn't help herself, as she dropped to her knees and stuffed the nearest cock in her mouth. She only gave each the briefest suck, but still one shot in her throat and she swallowed, grinning at him. They quickly pulled her to her feet and over to one of the single beds, which had wooden posts at each corner, to cuff and spread eagle her. They just stared, entranced.
"Put a pillow under my ass, it'll be better, trust me." And one of the boys did.
Two of them knelt each side of her chest and gripped a breast each, running their cocks over it, then in her mouth.
" Get between my legs and stuff me, please." She had never felt so horny, surrounded by 5 naked young men, who were going to do everything to her, she would make sure of that.
It also occurred to her, that some of them, must be virgins. Initiating several good looking young men at the same time, it made her feel so sexy. Familiar pressure between her thighs, she spat out the cock in her mouth. Looking up to murmur encouragement.
"That's it, put it in hard, do me as hard as you can... That's it lover, it feels so good, really fuck me."
The boy entered her to the hilt in one thrust and she bucked and moaned to a first orgasm.
"See what you did, you made me come so fast." She groaned, as her vaginal muscles milked him dry.
He slumped across her, grinning in triumph.
"Quick, somebody else, please."
One of the boys who'd been in her mouth, helped his friend off and slipped in. This one wasn't no virgin. He rested on his arms staring into her eyes, drawing back, he thrust in with all his force, pushing her up the bed, only held by her bound ankles. Back and in again hard.
Jo's head rolled back and she muttered "Bastard," As she started to pant and gasp, her body thrashing against the restraints. Oh he knew what he was doing, it was delightful. Arching her body off the bed, she came with a scream.
"Shut up you stupid bitch." One of them hissed at her.
She just grinned and whispered, "Fuck me."
"Stick something in her mouth to shut her up," Bill said and they all laughed, nastily, as he climbed next between her open thighs and straight into her leaking cunt.
Jo moaned appreciatively, round the cock she was sucking and pushed back against the one in her pelvis. The boys grinned at each other.
There was a soft knock at the door and a female voice said,
"We've had reports of strange noises, is everything alright in there."
"Yes, yes, we're fine, thankyou." Bill replied.
"Sorry, but I must check myself," She said.
"No, I wouldn't come in," Bill again.
But the key turned in the door and the night manager walked in... "Oh."
"I did warn you."
The women looked around at the boys all naked with hard cocks and Jo, handcuffed to a bed, covered in cum and with two boys still in her.
"Are you OK Mam," The woman asked. Jo spat out the cock.
"Yes I'm more than fine, thankyou, sorry about the noise. It won't happen again."
"Yes, Well please make sure it doesn't, other guests are trying to sleep."
"You can stay and make sure if you like," Dave whispered. The girl was very attractive, but she ran out quickly.
"Guys, as we've reached a natural pause in the proceedings, I need the bathroom." Jo asked. They released her and she skipped next door, for a pee and to clean herself off a bit.
When she went back, Bill was swinging a leather belt.
"You've got us into trouble, she could have called the police. I'm sorry about this."
"Oh I quite understand," Was all Jo could said as she bent over a small table in the centre of the room. She grinned back at Bill as he raised the belt and hit her on the Ass hard. Jo couldn't help jumping, but she kept still for four further blows.
"Now, are you really sorry?" Dave asked.
"Yes, yes, but if you need to make sure, I'll understand."
"Oh no, that won't be necessary."
"Pity," And she winked at him.
She was pushed down onto the table and her legs spread, as her wrists were cuffed behind her. Down to business again, she thought gratefully. Another cock pushed easily into her snatch. Same old same old, but nothing wrong with that. Then of course, it wasn't.
Dave pulled out and spread her buttocks. taking some of the muck, he coated his cock and spread it around her Ass.
"No, don't you dare," Jo hissed.
"Oh but I do," As slapped her sore Ass hard.
She tried to wriggle away, but his weight lying on her, stopped any movement. Grunting as he pushed at her anus, there was no gentleness, just crude force. She gasped as her anal ring gave way, still sore from yesterday. The boy pushed hard, grinning at his mates, till he ground to full penetration. Then he pulled back and slammed in harder, this really hurt and she started crying for the first time. It didn't help, just encouraged him, as he upped the tempo, till he emptied deep in her bowels.
Dave went into the bathroom to clean himself, as someone else pulled her roughly to her feet. Andy lay down on his back and she was pulled over and astride him, facing away. Jo hoped she was to be fucked again, but was positioned with her dripping anus, over his cock and pushed down hard by two sets of hands. She couldn't help but shriek and a hand went over her mouth, to silence her.
Hands under her buttocks, lifted her then pushed down hard, really hard. The evening wasn't going quite as planned. Then there was a lull, as she was pushed back onto Andy's chest, still impaled. He reached round to grip her breasts and twist the nipples painfully, as Bill climbed on the bed, pushing her thighs apart.
That was the plan, a double stuffing. Oh well, that was better, she thought, as Bill searched and found her Cunt. He pushed right in, she was so stretched and full of liquid, there was no resistance. The two cocks found each other with a quarter of an inch of tissue between them. Now that felt really nice, things were looking up.
Andy couldn't move, so Bill set to pounding her, panting with the effort. The familiar tingling in her pelvis, started to grow. Jo opened her mouth to moan and a cock pushed in, withdrew and another on the other side, replaced it, turn and turn about. She found she could take the full length from both boys, into the entrance of her throat, sucking as hard as she could.
So this was the grand finale, Jo just hoped the boys would come together. Her enthusiastic moaning and attempts to rise off the bed, against Dave's thrusts, was moving things along. She couldn't hold it back and as she surged to a titanic orgasm, the spasm in her vagina pushed Dave into coming. The boys in her mouth and yes, They'd pushed in together, soon followed, as Andy pulled her hard onto his cock and came in her bowels. Oh that was good, she was swimming in cum, in her mouth, over her neck and breasts and inside.
Finally she gasped, "Guys, I can't breathe, please."
They staggered up, the four boys and Jo, grinning at each other.
"God that was sordid and degrading," Jo was struggling to speak.
"I should hope so and the evening is still young," Bill laughed.
" Hey, I agreed to this, rape, assault, what is it? But that's enough, I'm going back to my room, now uncuff me."
"You said this was a one off, Jo, well it's going to be a night for us to remember.
Now let's have a drink, a shower, clean up, prepare for round two, or is it three." Dave finished.
He pulled her to her feet and into the bathroom. Pushed into the shower, the wrist cuffs were undone and threaded behind a water pipe, then done up again. What the hell, she thought, this was all getting a bit weird. Everyone tried to push into the shower, impossible. Two boys managed and washed her very thoroughly, then themselves, as an after thought.
"Guys, guys, I'm tired, I want to go to bed, please," Jo implored when they'd finished washing and drying her.
"Soon, we promise, but this is a once only opportunity you said, right? Well we want to take full advantage.
There were some groans, the boys were exhausted too, but when she was back on the bed, Bill and Andy pushed flaccid cocks in her mouth, for her to fluff. She did her best, anything to get the ordeal over. It hadn't started that way, but it was a painful endurance test now. Her Ass and Cunt were so sore, she wasn't sure she could endure any more action. Not that she would get much choice.
She worked her jaw and tongue as hard as she could on the two cocks in her mouth. Andy became hard first and moved down the bed, roughly lifting her calves over his shoulder and piling in to her vagina, hard again. Her secretions had dried in the shower, she moaned in pain, around Bill's cock and tried to pull away. No chance, Andy held her hard. He was obviously in some pain too and quickly switched to her ass, to finish things.
There was no lubrication at all. Jo shrieked, but Andy continued, roughly. He forced past her anus and deep in her bowels, grunting with the effort.
"Bastard," She screamed at him and the others hushed her.
Andy carried on ploughing her ass as hard as he could, whilst Bill struggled to fuck her mouth, as she thrashed about in pain. Quickly, both of them came, grunting like beasts.
That was more than enough, Jo wasn't restrained any more and threw both boys off, with all her remaining strength. She struggled up, reached to pick up her dress, purse and sandals, then rushed past the other boys, without a glance, or a word. Nobody tried to stop or speak to her. They were frankly ashamed of themselves. This girl, or woman, had rescued their school career and got them into Uni, then tonight they'd what, gang raped her. Was it rape, she'd been willing, but that wasn't an excuse for their behaviour, it was shameful, brutal.
They didn't speak or look at each other either, but quietly tidied up and went to bed. Despite their exhaustion, a few hardly slept that night.
Jo meanwhile, slipped into her room, where the two girls were asleep, or pretending to be asleep. Despite stinking of sex and with cum running down her legs, she only washed down again quickly and went to bed. Lying awake, the evenings events ran through her mind. What a disaster, holiday ruined, career, probably ruined, a total, bloody fool.
Next morning, as expected, the two girls just ignored her, obviously furious. They got up washed and went down to breakfast, without a word. When they got there, two of the boys were already eating and offered them seats. Lucinda and Jerry ignored them too and sat together, for coffee and a croissant. Finally when the other three boys had come down and they'd all finished, Dave came over to their table.
"Look we're sorry, but we need to talk, clear the air."
"No you're not bloody sorry, it wasn't some accident, it was all planned, rapists." Lucinda hissed.
"Yes you're right, we were just awful, but we still need to clear the air, talk like adults."
"You are just greedy spiteful kids, not adults. Look schools over, we're going our separate ways, as of now. No retribution, no reporting to school, nothing. Just piss off and leave us alone. Lu and I are spending what's left of the holiday together, kapish?" Jerry finished.
With that, the two girls got up and left.
"I'll go up and make sure Jo's alright, better just one of us, OK?" Dave finished, the rest nodded and he went upstairs.
He was back quickly, the discussion had been brief and similar to the one with the girls before. She was grateful there would be no report to school, but would spend the rest of the holiday alone. She had said the previous night was more her fault than theirs, but none of them believed that. The boys might have preferred to split up too, but that would have been stupid
All seven of them wandered around, sadly, not really sure what to do next and looking forward to getting home. Jo went off to meet up with her friend Arabella and they had lunch together. At least she was still talking to Jo, even when she shamefully accounted for the previous night.
"Seriously Jo, this is getting out of hand, you're turning into some kind of sex addict. This could end up with you getting hurt."
Arabella was right and Jo knew it.
"But love, you enjoyed the club too, didn't you? It wasn't just the sex, but the public display, being humiliated, I suppose."
"You know I did, but I wouldn't do it again. Thing is, I think you could, no, you will and that frightens me, for your sake." Arabella grabbed her wrist, as if she was trying to save her from drowning.
Jo knew she was right, God she wanted to go back to the club, allow herself to be used, abused, beaten, anything. The more gross and humiliating, the better. She suddenly saw the truth in what Arabella said, not seeing it before. Not only did she want it, but would go back to he club and she knew they would accept her, without question.
She thought for the moment, "Yes you're right Bella and you're right I need to walk away now, before it's too late, before I get lost in this world."
But, but, she wasn't sure if she could. They arranged to meet for a drink when Arabella finished work at the gallery and Jo wandered at random, lost in thought. By chance, not really, she found herself walking past the club an hour later. She stood transfixed in the street. This was it, walk past or go in, a crossroads in her life. She walked in.
"Hi Emily. good to see you." The pretty girl in the ticket office said, Jo had given a false name.
"Oh hi, is the manager in, I was just passing?"
"I'm sure he'll be in for you, take a seat."
Andras came out a few minutes later, gave her a hug and directed her to his office.
"I was so hoping to see you again, everyone's talking about your little show. Now what can I do for you?"
She stared at him, unable to speak, till he broke the spell.
"You want to come back again, I know. Well you'd be very welcome indeed. I presume on the same basis, one off nights, for tips, yes?"
"How," she stopped again.
"How did I know, that's my job, to understand people. Now stop me if I'm wrong, you've got a responsible job, teacher, yes?"
It's not just the sex is it? You crave the display, the humiliation, maybe pain too, yes?"
Jo could only nod, doubtfully, not sure what to say.
"So, am I right, do you want to make further appearances?"
She nodded again and hung her head.
"We are all just what we are Emily, accept it. Now am I right, you want maybe bondage, punishment, to be degraded, humiliated even. You're not the only one, don't be ashamed. Most girls wanting to appear now and then, seem to want the same, I don't know why. Maybe it's just the maximum contrast from their normal life. You wouldn't believe it, but some are bought by husbands, partners, who insist on hard punishment and watching it too.
Our regular girls don't of course. If they're injured, maybe bruised, they can't work, no tips."
Jo was still silent.
"So when do you want to come. I would suggest a Friday and Saturday, leave on Sunday. You can stay in one of the girl's flats. They're used to it. Perhaps help serving drinks on Friday, get introduced to the customers and a slot on Saturday.
We tend to ask our regulars, what they would like to happen, given your preferences. We won't tell you, it'll be a surprise, OK?"
She murmured "Yes," so ashamed of herself.
"Good, great, let's fix a date, a weekend. You'll be responsible for the flight, but there won't be much other expense and big tips, believe me."
When the date was set, Jo got up to leave, she needed to get away to think. Maybe she just wouldn't turn up, but she knew that wasn't going to happen, she'd be here again. Andras gave her a hug, she declined coffee and left as soon as she could, having given a contact phone number. So she just wandered, horrified at her weakness. her stupidity. She knew she'd be back in a few short weeks, already excited at the thought. Just what would they plan for her, she longed to know.
Back at the hotel at 6, she met the girls and they briefly talked. But they couldn't even look at her, they were so angry. Jo left quickly to meet up with Bella for a drink and they decided to eat as well. She only pushed at the meal, no appetite. She didn't discuss her reckless date for a few weeks ahead. she'd never discuss it with anyone.
The last day of the holiday passed aimlessly. Back on the plane, they'd divided up into boys, girls and Jo. She was sad at the contrast with the outward journey, but only herself to blame. When they landed, they quickly separated, with hardly a word and Jo made her way to her small flat.
The next couple of days she settled into washing, cleaning and general tidying. As arranged, she went south to stay 5 days with her parents and easily slipped back in the routine of her mother caring for her. A reminder of youth, innocence, or lost innocence. Next she went to her brother, who lived on the coast in Wales and enjoyed his uncomplicated company.
Back home, she was shocked to see that there were only a few days till her return trip to sin city. Jo decided to treat herself with some of the large tip from the sex club and went to an expensive lingerie shop. She needed something stunning for her next show. In the end, she settled on a sheer, low cut black Basque and black hold ups. Next she bought a black thong, so small. she resented the ridiculous price. Looking at herself in the mirror, she had to have it, the sales girl seemed genuinely impressed at how gorgeous she looked. It took an effort for her tits to not spill out of their cups and her nipples were clearly visible. Jo was embarrassed to see that they were swelling. She looked irresistible.
"Hot date," the girl asked.
"sort of," She replied.
"Well a glance at that and he'll be a quivering wreck. Sorry, mustn't be sexist, he or she will be wrecked." And they both laughed at the silly joke.
Jo left the shop, now definitely looking forward to the weekend, excited at what would be inflicted on her. She knew it would be hard, painful, but she'd been clear that was what she wanted.
On the Friday, she caught a bus for the short trip to the airport., went through security and settled down with a coffee and magazine, to wait. There were a couple of trips to the toilet, she'd taken a mild laxative and an enema, knowing what she could expect. There was a tingle in her groin, at the thought of being taken in the ass again. It had only happened a couple of times before, now she looked forward to it. That big slapable ass of hers, was in for a real hammering and she discovered she couldn't wait. Perhaps it was spoiling her for real relationships, or she would be able to keep a permanent smile on the man's face. How many girls asked to be done in the ass.
Her reverie was broken as her flight was called and she sat down for take off. Her neighbour was a handsome guy a few years older than her. He seemed interested and when she slipped into a light sleep, she woke with a hand on her thigh, Pretending to ignore it as he pushed under her skirt and gently stroked her pussy through her pants. Stirring slowly to allow him time to remove it, he offered to meet her in Amsterdam. Not a good idea she thought, in view of her plans. She said she was too busy, but how about meeting for a drink back home. Jo gave him her number, sure he would call.
When they separated after passport control, Jo gave him a goodbye hug, making sure her 36DD's pressed against his chest. Hussy, she thought, as she waved goodbye, maybe her celibate months were over. If nothing else, she'd get a one night stand out of it.
She caught the bus to the city centre, then made her way to the club. Greeted by several of the regular girls and boys, she was given a key and directions to an apartment nearby. It was small and clean, Jo had a quick shower, it was a hot day, then went to bed in her small room, naked, for a sleep. At 6.30 she got up and dressed in the killer underwear, planning to return to the club, to help out with waiting table. No pay, but she could keep her own tips, so wandering hands were to be encouraged.
When she slipped out of her dress, the other girls admired her outfit and they all went to the bar, to wait for customers. She helped to seat them as they came in, some single men, groups of male tourists and mixed groups with women. The latter sized her up, judging the competition. When she returned with drinks, Jo made a point of bending low, sticking her tits in the men's faces. Some licked and nuzzled her. A few of the jealous girls, slapped her ass angrily, but she just smiled. At other tables, hands roamed up onto her groin and into her slit. She stood and waited till they'd finished and moved on, this was fun. The tips were generous and adding up.
Jo ignored her friends on stage, but the customers seemed to be enjoying themselves. Later in the evening, Andras took her on stage to introduce her, then asked her to wait in the bar.
"Ladies and gentlemen, that lovely lady, Emily, is anxious to entertain you tomorrow, one night only.
She's an open minded girl and wants a good evening, almost anything goes. Anything involving a good fucking, bondage punishment, anal, the whole works. The two gentlemen from Germany, the brothers, short in stature only, will be here. Some of you will remember previous visits. They like to give a girl a very hard, humiliating time, so it looks like a good evening in store for us, if you can come back."
He left to bring Jo back, to jeers and catcalls from the audience and she looked at him, puzzled. He shrugged and she went back to work. By the end of the evening, most of the men and some of the women, had a good chance to paw and probe her. In fact she could have gone on stage now and taken on all comers, she was so turned on.
Eventually the club closed and they all gathered for a drink in the bar. It had been a good evening, Jo was certainly pleased with her tips anyway. She went home with the girl whose flat it was and straight to bed. Next day she took the girl Ana, to breakfast and they chatted about their lives. Jo was intrigued why the girl would choose sex as a career, she was intelligent, pretty. Still it was none of her business.
Ana went out and Jo stayed home preparing herself for the night. Following her advise, she had a further enema and used a series of gelled dilators on both holes. Stretching a little , it might help reduce the pain that night.
By early evening, she was getting nervous and stretched in a hot bath to relax. Getting out she creamed her skin and trimmed her pubic hair. Checking herself in the mirror, she was pleased. Tall, on the plump side of average, with large, firm, suckable tits, a faintly curved belly, descending to an inviting Cunt and Ass, then to curvy legs. Yes, very inviting she thought, but invited to what, she was desperate to know.
Finally she dressed and headed off to the club. Andras asked her to stand just outside the entrance, in her Basque, handing out leaflets. Was this legal? She wasn't sure, but it certainly got attention. Yes, she assured men who stopped, she would be starring that evening and many said they would come back, for that reason only.
As the crowds built up, Jo went inside, to carry on with serving drinks. The show started, but Jo was too anxious to watch. Later in the evening, Andras bought out a series of soft straps and handed them to one of the larger tables, where she was stood, chatting. She had them put on wrists, ankles and a collar round her neck.
For some time, Jo carried on serving, till there was a lull in the show. Suddenly there was a whooping and hollering and Jo turned to see the strangest site. Two very short men were rushing around the stage. She hated the term, but they were dwarves, it was insulting. They were quite stocky and a little over 3 feet. In fact, they were brothers. Dressed in cowboy shirts, jeans, waving Stetsons and toy pistols, it was just plain weird.
It was about to get a lot worse. They pointed pistols at her and pulled her near the stage. Pushed onto her knees, something like a bit was put between her teeth and strapped around her head. Then on all fours, one of them climbed on her low back, now waving a crop. He gently kicked her and struck her rump with the crop. She understood she must carry him across the room. The audience were laughing at this of course and Jo was going red with shame, as he repeatedly kicked and beat her, shouting Ye Haw and giddyup.
It was painful, but she struggled on, at least these two shouldn't be too hard to cope with, when she presumably, came to fuck them. It was all so degrading, but that's what she'd asked for. They swapped around and the other man rode her round the room. He directed her to a bowl and pushed her head down, to lap the water in it. For some reason, the audience found this particularly hilarious.
Finally she was directed to the stage, where a short metal pole ha been screwed to the floor. It had what looked like a large black vibrator, fixed to the top. The men pointed to it and the crowd shouted encouragement. They were surprisingly strong and pulled her onstage. Her hands were tied and attached to a pole above her head. They indicated to remove the thong and she did. Stood astride the pole, it's height was adjusted and it was pushed between her flaps, then raised till it touched her cervix. Finally, her ankles were strapped to the floor and to a round of applause, the battery turned on.
Oh that was nice, the evening was picking up, as her head fell back and she started panting. Looking up, she found herself alone. Her tormentors were walking around the room, chatting with the audience. They only turned back when she screeched to an orgasm, but then ignored her again. Hanging from the pole, she was feeling neglected.
Finally, after another quivering climax, they walked back to her with a step ladder. One of them mounted it and without apparent interest, undid her Basque. When it fell to the floor, the audience clapped in appreciation, but the two men left her again.
"Hey, you two, let me free, now." She shouted, getting angry now.
They turned back and slowly walked back onto the stage. Without a word, they both took their crops and took turns, beating her hard on the Ass. She shrieked and begged them to stop. Finally they did, twisting her round to proudly show off her striped rump.
The audience were helpless with mirth, but to Jo, it was all just strange and she was getting really angry. The men turned to face her grinning and started to strip off. Well she couldn't expect much, but still something was happening.
"Oh my God," She shrieked. Of course, nearly everyone else was in on the joke. They were both huge and I mean huge. nearly a foot long semi engorged.
"Nooo," She whimpered, to more gales of laughter and shouts of encouragement, to do her hard.
One of the men loosened the stretch on her wrists and lowered her to kneeling, but still bound. They both stroked their cocks over her face and her tits. She opened her mouth, accepting the inevitable. Then she choked of course, as even the flaccid cock pushed deep into her throat. He quickly stiffened though and made way for his brother.
Standing proudly hands on hips, they must be both 14 inches and quite thick. They were going to fuck her to death, in front of a laughing crowd. Maybe, just maybe, she could cope and she whispered "Lubrication,"
They'd done this before and were ahead of her. As she was lowered backwards and her wrists bound again, a rubber bolster was pushed under her low back. One of them squeezed Gel inside her and spreading her thighs, started to push in, before, after a short delay, unloading it all in one thrust. He buried every inch, somehow and she could only gasp with the pain. Back, then in harder and deeper still, if that were possible, well obviously it was.
JO had to admit, even the pain was great and the sensation of being totally full was overwhelming. She was gurgling, mewing with pleasure. Not even noticing, the other man was using her tits and mouth for his pleasure. Gripping her breasts as hard as he could, as he pushed between the soft pillows.
Quite soon, they swapped around and the other man pummelled her. She was drifting from orgasm to orgasm, shaking all the time, then they stopped. Her ankles were unbound and her legs pushed up to her ears. Fingers worked at her anus, with more gel.
"No, no, no that's impossible, you can't do that." And she tried pulling away, till she felt a hard slap on her Ass and she gave in, submitted.
Some of the audience came closer, to observe the impossible happening, as the fingers withdrew and the obscenely huge cock replaced them at her anal ring. The man made cooing, encouraging noises, for her to relax, as he pushed. Jo knew herself, that she had to, or she'd certainly be hurt. He just pushed and pushed, till the muscle relaxed and accepted the invasion. Then he kept pushing, on and on it went, deeper and deeper. It didn't hurt now, as he sank into her bowels. Oh it felt so good, as she came again. These guys really knew what they were doing. He stopped an inch short of the 14 inches and withdrew. Jo was actually sorry, she wanted her Ass pounded from the biggest Cock she had ever seen.
Now there was a new plan, two black stools were bought on stage and a thigh was placed on each with her buttocks balanced between. It was obvious what was next, the ultimate test, double penetration by two 14 inchers. The men were at about the right height and one moved to the front and slipped easily passed the swollen, gaping labia. They held her as she started to sag backwards, her muscles giving up the struggle. Then came pressure on her anus, as the other pushed back in her Ass with little effort, she had been stretched so much.
The men drew back and nodded to each other, before both driving in together. That did make her scream, pain or pleasure, probably both. They hadn't fully penetrated, but drew back and in harder. Still not buried, but each coordinated thrust going deeper. In fact, she was appreciably lifted of the stools each time. Somehow, they managed to balance.
Jo came three times, shrieking and bucking. Audience members had to support her. The last time, the men came with her and the pulses of cum, just went on and on. She was allowed to slump off the stools, gasping for breath and still shuddering from a last titanic orgasm. Finally, two guys came out and helped her out of the back of the stage.
As she left, she muttered, "What the fuck, who were those guys? Did you want them to kill me?"
"We thought you'd enjoy that, different aren't they?" One of the buys replied.
"Different, is that what you call it, different?"
"Fraid it ain't over yet love, just got to clean you up, give you time to recover."
As they were speaking, Andras was on stage.
"Fret not people, she's coming back soon." There was a roar of approval in response."
When Jo struggled back in, still shaky on her legs, there was another roar. One of her little tormentors was on stage.
"What do you think, the chair?" to another shout.
"OK then, the stupid whore must be worth 100 Euros a time."
"50, 50, no more." Came the shout back.
"Alright, 50 it is, cash in advance mind, no credit."
Jo sat down onstage, quite naked still, but feeling a little refreshed, drinking from a water bottle. She watched, fascinated, as a wicker basket was hung from a pole and the height adjusted. Bought to her feet, her wrists were tied behind her and she was lifted into the seat. For the first time, she noticed a large hole in the seat, through which her Ass and groin slipped. Her two thighs were bound to each side of the chair, so she couldn't slip right through and she was spread.
"I think she needs a little demo guys, give her the idea." Someone said. A bean bag was placed below her and a naked man lay across it. His groin was touching hers. Then the chair, hanging from three ropes, was wound up tightly. When released, it spun round quickly to rest on the man below.
"Oh," Jo said.
"Oh indeed, Emily, you get the point, or rather you will get the point." Andras laughed at his silly joke.
"Step up gents and pay our German friend. If you need a hand, our girls are here to help. Oh yes, we do insist on a condom, for everyone's safety. Let the games begin."
A man undressed and stepped forward, erect after a short suck from Ana, who put on his condom. He lay on the bag and Jo was twisted up, just enough to let him penetrate her labia. The chair wasn't just released, but given a push. She was literally screwed onto him and it was unbelievable for both of them, quite new for Jo. Another orgasm rippled through her and it had taken only a few seconds, the man came too.
Jo could see another man paying and waiting for her, as the chair was coiled again. In less than a minute, she was positioned and fucked. Then again and again, each time coming, till she actually passed out. They took no notice, carrying on and waking her. Then there was a break, as the next man made a request.
"OK, but it'll cost you 100." The man nodded and his cock grew to full stiffness, with no help.
Jo understood why and her heart sank, as the cock was gelled and placed just inside her anus. Her scream could be heard outside the theatre, but she came again even harder. That was fantastic, a quite unique feeling of a Cock screwing into her bowels.
So it went on, each man choosing his hole. Everyone lost count, but the little man was clutching hundreds of Euros when it stopped well over an hour later. Had anyone in history, been fucked so many times, surely not.
"Nearly over the line Emily, the last lap. Anyone want to come over her, in her mouth, it's 20 Euros." Andras asked.
"Look at her, she' a wreck, only 10 Euros for the whore. She's not worth that." Someone shouted back.
"OK, OK, you win, poor Emily, only worth the price of a drink."
Jo knelt on the stage, too tired to care or argue and the first man came up with his partner. Falling to her knees, she sucked and masturbated him to the edge. Then turned to Jo and muttered,
"Open your mouth bitch."
Jo did as she was told and cum splattered her face and in her mouth.
"Now swallow," And she did that too.
This was all getting too much, but there was nothing she could do. Next three laughing men approached and competed to come in her mouth, first and the most. She was covered, in her eyes, up her nose, in her hair, over her tits. It didn't stop till she was drowning in semen.
Then of course, it did end, with no more customers wanting to use her. She staggered up, with help and crawled back off the stage, leaving a trail of cum.
Andras came on stage, "Don't know people, but think that's the best ever."
He raised a hand to the retreating figure. "A big hand for Emily, or what's left of her. What a star, now a hat is going round, please give a generous tip, remember she is not on the payroll."
There were whoops and hollers following her, as she slumped in the girls changing room. They started trying to repair the damage.. Andras came in, as she was being sponged down and her hair cleared as much as possible. He handed her an envelope.
"Don't lose that, there's a lot of cash, you earned it."
"You could say that, I'm surprised to be still alive," Jo snarled.
"I quote, hard, humiliating degrading."
"Yeh, Yeh, well perhaps we could dial that back a tad next time. If there is a next time."
"Don't say that sweetheart, you're a star."
"No I'm a dumb whore who doesn't know what's good for her. Now I'm leaving, I'll be in touch, maybe."
With that, she struggled to her feet and out of the back door, she had dressed herself. Avoiding a cab, she stank like a brothel.. When she reached the shared flat, Jo fell into a hot bath and went to sleep, nearly drowning, as she slipped under the water. After washing thoroughly and her hair, she got into bed, carefully setting her phone alarm, not wanting to miss the plane next day.
When she woke, Jo groaned in pain. It felt like she'd been run over by a truck, several times. But she had to get up, so crawled to the kitchen, to make coffee and toast. Anna found her, struggling to eat and she tried to raise her head to speak.
"That bad eh girl, well your famous now."
"Oh good, I'll be sure to put that in my CV. Porn star, nothing too gross or humiliating."
"Don't get snappy with me, not my fault love."
"Sorry, sorry, you're right, all my own fault and you put me up too. Let me give you some cash, please?"
Anna took just 100 Euros and helped her pack, then find a cab. Jo gave her a big hug and left.. At the airport, she sat waiting for the flight, too shattered to move. On the plane. Perhaps she'd meet Mat, the man next to her on the plane out, but hopefully not, the way she looked and felt.
Her Sex Goddess career was over, if only she could stick to that resolve, God she hoped so She knew how tempting it could be, sex with no limits. Perhaps the urge to go back would be too great. She needed a man, perhaps Mat would ring back. He would walk round with a permanent limp and smile on his face, with the tricks she'd learned.
Only time would tell, meanwhile she quickly fell asleep on the plane home.