Denise was working hard to get Stuart to come first, but her technique was not nearly as effective as Lynette's handling of the boy. Despite this, she tried even harder, making Stuart wince in pain as she dug her fingernails into the ultra-sensitive underside of his cock.
"Ten to one he shoots his load first," Jennifer remarked, waiting patiently for Adam's explosion.
"Younger guys don't usually have the control of older men," Michelle noted, her eyes fixated on the handsome young man's cock.
With Lynette's adept handjob and the two girls' teasing remarks, it didn't take long for Adam to climax. Giving him three quick bursts and a long pull, Lynette coaxed out the first in a series of superb cumshots, all splashing neatly into the waiting receptacle. He must have still been high on the drug because Jill, Laura, and Lynette started laughing when the sticky jets continued to fly long after they normally should have ceased. Rope after rope flew out of the tiny gaping hole atop his prick, coating the inside of the beaker on every side with rivulets of white cream. In no less than several seconds the bottle was half full.
"Fuck," Lynette said still pumping him with all her might, "you shoot out a lot of cum baby!"
Adam could not respond. All he could do was watch her strong, expert hand coax yet another long series of orgasms as his balls continued to fill up with sperm. Jill and Laura shook the beaker back and forth, watching the long streams of creamy spunk splash and ricochet off the inside of the receptacle. They seemed to take a childish delight in this, as if they were watching a cow being milked. Finally, after almost two minutes, the girls held the beaker up high for all of us to see. They shook it back and forth and laughed as the pearly cream sloshed to and fro. I watched them as they walked away toward the outer lab giggly profusely, the beaker about three quarters full of Adam's salty, white essence.
Lynette helped the fatigued boy to his cubicle and left him there while she returned to her seat in the audience. Amazingly enough, not one drop of sperm had touched her hands.
Now it was Stuart's turn to cum. He screamed like a wounded animal as Denise furiously fisted him, shoving the tip of his bloated cock head into the neck of the bottle just as he began to shoot his creamy effluences in short, rapid bursts.
"Get it all out baby!" Denise exclaimed as her hands traveled the full length of him, provoking him to release a flood of hot, white semen.
"No matter how many times I see it," Rebecca said, as she watched Stuart's cum fill the beaker, "I always get turned on when guys shoot their cream."
"Oh, I think it's so sexy!" Sheila agreed. "Especially when they do it themselves."
Jennifer grunted her approval.
"You are videotaping this, aren't you Christiana?" Michelle asked.
"Yes. I have two cameras recording the whole event from the adjoining lab."
She looked toward the wall behind where the audience sat and noticed a glass partition behind which two video cameras were plainly visible.
"Oh, good," she said relieved. "I was hoping you would."
"I'll bet you were," I said interpreting her meaning.
Rebecca gave me a suspicious look.
"But this time the tape is going to remain in my possession," I added.
Both Michelle and Rebecca looked at each other with an expression of innocence, but I knew that if given the chance, they would find a way to make a copy to take away for their own sordid uses, just as Rebecca did with the tape from my previous experiment.
"She doesn't think we would do such a thing does she?" Rebecca asked Michelle.
"I hope not," Michelle replied.
"Oh look!" Jennifer suddenly exclaimed.
There was a sudden round of cheers and applause from the audience.
"Stuart missed! Poor girl got it right in the face!" Sheila said.
The young girl holding the beaker had indeed been doused with an errant rope of spunk that ran up from the bottom of her chin and over her face in one continuous long white line. Luckily, it had missed her eye, but it did not stop her from crying out in distress. Maria quickly ran to her aid and took the beaker from her while the girl ran off toward the bathroom. Despite the mishap, Stuart was able to shoot off several more perfect rounds of sperm into the receptacle as Maria dutifully held the beaker aloft and steady.
Once he had finished ejaculating, Maria took the beaker away. It was more than half full. Denise then helped her husband to his cubicle and joined the others.
Jill and Laura had returned to their seats, acting every bit like excited schoolgirls. What they hadn't expected to see was my assistant Cheryl giving Craig a footjob right in front of everyone.
"Dr. Swensen!" Jill hollered. "Look!"
With that everyone, including my colleagues and all the men still on the platform, looked off in the young girl's direction. I heard Sylvia emit a shallow laugh upon seeing Craig's 16 ½" erect prick being caressed by my assistant's beautifully proportioned toes. Marlene looked on hungrily, as if ready to pounce on the enormous penis like a tiger fervently anticipating wrapping its jaws around a fresh piece of meat.
"Can you believe this?" Rebecca said, breaking into a fit of laughter.
Cheryl's lovely legs were crossed and her right foot was positioned so that she could run her big toe up and down the underside of Craig's prick. At first it must have been achieved by running her foot under his gown, so casually as to avoid detection. But now, the immense tool had worked its way out from an opening in the garment and stood stiff and straight, the tip already dripping with clear fluid.
"Excuse me!" I shouted at the two exhibitionists. "Craig has already given us a sperm sample. We don't need another one, thank you!"
Oddly enough, my statement was greeted by the crowd with groans of disapproval.
"Hey, Dr. Swensen," Barney said, taking a moment to stop Janine's busy hands, "why don't you get that boy up here. Looks like he needs to get rid of some more of his stuff."
Everyone cheered at his suggestion.
"I don't think that's necessary Barney," I said.
"You know Chris," Sheila interrupted, "it might not be a bad idea. He's probably still got quite a build-up of sperm. Might do him good to get rid of it."
"I agree," Michelle said. "You can see he needs milking."
She had a point. I could tell that the boy was in some discomfort despite the pleasurable feelings Cheryl was giving him. After his recent ordeal, maybe further milking would help alleviate some of the pressure he was now experiencing from the increase in sperm production.
"If you're going to do it," I said to Cheryl, "do it up there. I don't want sperm all over the floor if I can help it."
Craig grinned at me sheepishly as Cheryl grabbed him by the arm and escorted him to the platform. After stripping off his gown, she stood him next to Philip, who looked at his huge prick with envy. Bonnie shrugged.
"Keep that thing pointed away from me," she warned Craig. "You've already soaked me twice."
"Yes, ma'm," he replied, blushing.
Philip now stood between Barney, who was positioned on his left, and Craig, who stood nonchalantly to his right. He also stood between a total of over 2 ½ feet of prime cock meat. He looked back and forth at the stiff tools jutting out before their owners in prideful display, making his own penis look paltry by comparison. He looked displeased.
"Let's get this thing over with, shall we gentlemen?" he said, addressing his well-endowed counterparts.
Bonnie clutched at his penis and gave him a sharp tug.
"Listen to me, Philip," she said sternly. "I saw you looking at their cocks. You're not going gay on me are you?"
"No," of course not," he replied, somewhat offended. "It's just that...well, I wish my cock was a bit bigger, you know."
Her grip on his penis relaxed. "Is that what you're thinking?"
"Well, you always said how much you liked a man with a big cock."
Bonnie's face brightened. "You're cock is just fine sweetheart. What I really want is a man with a big heart. And you have that."
She softened up to him then. He had, after all, been thinking of her by wishing his penis were bigger. Though Bonnie did often express her desire to fuck men with big cocks, and often did so with her husband watching, it was merely a passing fancy. What my hardboiled, though insecure, sister really needed was the assurance that her husband loved her, and there was no doubt that he did.
"You may resume," I said to the final three subjects and their masturbators.
The masturbation of the three men commenced innocently enough, with the ladies displaying feats of manual prowess that rivaled anything Rebecca or Michelle might have done. Janine's small hands and stubby fingers sometimes grew tired as they fought to maintain their grip on Barney's humongous prick. She changed hands several times in the next several minutes but I could tell she was becoming fatigued. Cheryl, too, soon began to feel the effects of sustained and energetic masturbation, constantly shifting her grip or changing her tempo as she worked hard to coax out an orgasm. Craig watched her intently as her hands performed their masturbatory duty, now avidly attacking his tortured flesh with brisk, firm strokes and then slowing down to a crawl as her hands started to tire.
Bonnie was suffering no such difficulties. Because Philip's cock was much smaller than the other two men, her long, lithe fingers had less distance to travel than either Janine or Cheryl, allowing her to jerk him off at full speed. When she felt his huge balls start to tighten she began to talk dirty to him in an effort to make him cum. Philip however, fought hard to resist this impulse, believing that the inadequacy he felt in regards to his penis would be compounded if he ejaculated before the other two men. Bonnie sensed this holding back and wondered at it, forcing her to try several other techniques to bring him off quickly.
Philip's insistence on withholding his ejaculation somehow communicated itself to his partners, who began to pace themselves, much to their ladies' dismay. Janine and Cheryl struggled ever harder to provoke an orgasm, but the men held back, treating the whole thing as if it were a test of endurance. So, what started off as a pleasurable way to obtain a sperm sample now became a contest to see which man could last the longest.
After pulling on her husband's penis for several more minutes without any appreciable results, and her hands now becoming tired and cramped, Janine let go of his cock with an expression of dismay.
"What's wrong with you Barney?" she complained. "Why ain't you cummin' yet?"
"I'll tell you why," Bonnie answered. "They're treating this whole thing like it's a game."
"Like first one that cums, loses, right?" Cheryl asked.
"That's it," she replied, relaxing her grip on Philip's cock. "Isn't that right Philip?"
"Oh, come on ladies," Barney said breezily. "We're allowed to have a little fun ain't we?"
"Not at my expense," Janine retorted. "My hands are damned tired and I ain't gonna be pullin' on your big thing no more."
She turned her back on her husband and walked back toward the audience rubbing her hands together as if in pain. Barney watched her walk away with a puzzled frown.
"Where're you goin' woman? You still have work to do!"
"No way mister!" she replied. "I ain't playin' your game. You finish it yourself or have one of them other ladies do it. My hands can't do no more strokin'!"
Barney was going to protest further, but knowing that his bluff had been called, he just stood there shaking his head, his giant prick still fully erect and glistening with lube cream. Jennifer took Janine's departure as an invitation to take over from where the recalcitrant wife left off. Seizing her opportunity, my colleague quickly rose from her seat and began walking over toward Barney.
"Where are you going?" I asked her.
"These guys want to play a game right? Well, let's give it to them. Let's see who can hold out the longest."
"Why not Christiana?" Sheila said. "Let's have some fun with them. What harm can it do?"
Before I had a chance to reply, Barney, Philip, and Craig had begun questioning the audience, asking the women if they would like to see which man had the greatest control. Surprisingly, the women thought it was a great idea and cheered them on, Marlene being one of the most vocal.
"I'm betting on you young man!" she shouted to Craig.
He looked at her with mild amusement and stuck his cock out in her direction, giving it a few quick pulls. She reacted by hiking her short skirt up high, giving him a glimpse of her fabulously long and slender legs.
Bonnie was standing silently next to Philip, her arms crossed and her legs planted firmly on the ground, staring intently at the noisome crowd. She then looked at me and laughed.
"Shall we give them what they want sis?"
Rebecca and Michelle both turned to me at the same time.
"It can't do any harm Christiana," Rebecca said.
"It would be a nice reward for these guys," Michelle added. "They've been more than patient."
Jennifer seemed to be waiting impatiently for my reply. I knew that she wanted to get her little, hot hands around Barney's thick tool. She had made her intentions apparent on more than one occasion.
I thought back to my previous experiment and was reminded that, despite my own desire to conduct all aspects of the test in a professional manner, the very nature of the study was such that it precluded much of which I believed was proper conduct in a clinical setting. The act of sex in itself was wild and free, so how could I possibly expect these people to behave like they were merely automatons in a synthetic environment responding only to commands given to them by an impassionate observer like myself? Allowing my colleagues to partake in the sexual release of these men in my first experiment set the precedent for what was to follow: I could not expect them to now disassociate themselves from what they perceived to be their rightful claim to provide sexual intervention of behalf of their patients.
"Okay, okay! Everybody please calm down!" I shouted.
In a few moments the room became quiet, all eyes now focused on me.
"I really didn't want this to become a competition," I began. "But I can see that it has. Considering that the men have been so wonderfully obliging and helpful to the success of this experiment, I am willing to allow it."
Everyone cheered this remark; Jennifer most of all.
"Since this is now a test to see which man will last the longest, I will have to ask the ladies to step off the platform and allow me to choose the women who will attempt to bring them to orgasm."
A look of deep disappointment came over Bonnie and Cheryl's faces.
"Oh, come on sis! Let us do it!"
"Please Dr. Swensen! Cheryl whined.
"I'm sorry. I need women who are impartial and who will try their utmost to provoke an orgasm. Please do as I say and return to your seats."
Despite their knowing that I was right, they nonetheless slowly walked away from where the men were standing, their frustration clearly visible to all. Craig, especially, seemed disappointed that Cheryl would not be attending to his massive member, calling out after her that he was going to win the contest on her behalf. I noticed that Philip was looking at Barney's cock again, still erect and throbbing while his own prick lay noticeably flaccid.
"I have decided to let my colleagues conduct the masturbation," I said to everyone. "Under the circumstances I think it the only fair thing to do."
"Thanks Christiana!" Jennifer exclaimed, as she ran straight to Barney.
I saw her look at Janine as she crossed in front of Barney, but the tiny, black woman seemed indifferent to my colleague's eagerness to pleasure her husband.
"Go ahead," Janine said to Jennifer. "You ain't gonna do no better than me."
Barney looked Jennifer up and down and must have liked what he saw because he gave her a great big smile.
"So you think you're gonna get me to cum huh, pretty lady?"
"Yes, I do," she said, her voice thick with lust as her hands fell toward his cock.
"Mmm... that's nice," he said, as her hands enveloped his already excited tool. "How you gonna do that?"
"You don't remember me, but I was in the audience the last time. I know exactly what to do to get you off."
In an instant his expression changed to one of worry.
"I'm gonna outlast these other guys, no matter what you do girl," he said challenging her.
She laughed in his face. "Look at you!" You're already as big as a horse!"
She then grabbed his prick with both hands and delivered several rapid strokes with exquisite skill. He had to fight hard to stifle a cry.
"Which of you wants to do Philip?" I asked.
Michelle was the first to respond. "Let me do it Chris, please. I've been dying to show up your sister for years."
"Don't tell me you have a thing for him."
"I don't. It's just that Bonnie thinks she's better than me at giving handjobs. I want to prove her wrong. And what better way than to do it with her husband?"
"If you get him to cum first that will really piss her off."
"I know," Michelle said with a wicked grin. "Won't that be great?"
When Bonnie saw Michelle approach her husband, she gave me an evil look. I simply shrugged my shoulders and turned to Sheila.
"I want you to handle Craig," I said.
"No problem, Chris," she said, admiring the young man. "He is kind of cute."
"He's adorable," I said. "But I want you to make him cum Sheila. No tricks."
"I'll have him shooting buckets in no time, I promise."
As she walked toward Craig his face lit up, happy to see such an attractive older woman tend to his needs so willingly. Cheryl seemed to take the whole thing in stride, but I knew she was disappointed at having been replaced. She looked at me with the hurt expression of a lost puppy dog.
Sheila, Michelle, and Jennifer quickly applied a generous amount of lube cream to their hands and signaled to me that they were ready to begin. As Barney was the only one of the three to still maintain an erection, I had Jennifer pinch the underside of his penis to allow it to grow flaccid before beginning.
"I'm sorry Barney," I said, as his face winced with pain at Jennifer's touch. "But all of you have to start off on an equal level."
He didn't pay me much attention, choosing instead to watch the results of Jennifer's effective pinch reduce his penis to its flaccid state in a matter of seconds.
"You're gonna have trouble bringing this thing back to life," he said to her.
She just laughed.
"You know I wouldn't have minded taking Barney on again," Rebecca said.
"I know. That's just the trouble. You enjoyed it too much."
She gave me a desultory look but said nothing. She knew I was right. If I had allowed her to masturbate Barney, she would have done everything in her power to make him cum whenshewanted him to, not when he desired it. Such was her control over men.
I had three of Lynette's girls position themselves in close proximity to the subjects, beakers close at hand. Seeing that my colleagues were now ready to begin, I offered a few words of advice.
"Stroke hard, stroke fast, and get the men to cum as quickly as possible, that is your duty. If I see anyone one of you slacking off, I will have you replaced. The subjects will alert the girls as to when they are going to ejaculate so that their sperm can be deposited in the beakers."
"What prize is the winner going to get, Dr. Swensen?" Sylvia asked.
"I'll let you ladies decide that," I said.
Marlene and Sylvia looked at each other and grinned.
"Is everyone ready?" I asked.
The women nodded.
"You may begin!"
At a much later date, when the videotapes of the experiment had been used as physical evidence during my court hearing, I would distinctly recall this moment as being one of the most memorable events ever to take place in all my years of conducting examinations at the Clinic. Because the experiment had now been reduced to the state of a mere competition, the subjects' inherent macho tendencies to prove which one of them was the most in control of his sexuality became the dominant factor in this race to avoid producing a sperm sample. The drug remained an undeniably potent factor in this competitive scenario, making it all the more vital that each man's mental control conquer his desire to give in to his baser instincts. So, even as their pricks began to grow and expand at the unrelenting stroking of their tormentors, they fought desperately to withhold the ejaculation of their sperm that was now, under the influence of the drug, beginning to flow rapidly into their balls, insisting upon release.
Yet, each man's control was not in itself the only factor in whether or not a climax was forthcoming. The women, too, were possessed of many skills that were brought to bear in their onslaught upon the men's cocks, not the least of which was each woman's own physical attractiveness and dynamism. So, even if the effects of the drug were not enough to induce orgasm—as unlikely as that may be—the men could easily give themselves over to the demands of the women, surrendering both to the tactile joy of the hands giving them pleasure, and finding pleasure in being subject to their mistresses' will.
Unlike the previous experiment, where the subjects were expected to ejaculate either as a normal result of the drug's influence or on command, this particular event was fast becoming a test of wills in which it would soon be revealed who truly possessed the ultimate control, with the winner taking home the spoils. As I looked out over the crowd, I heard the women shout out their favorite's name, encouraging him to hold out and not cum, to prove that he was the strongest of the three by withholding the fruits of his passion. Rebecca herself was cheering for Barney, while Maria gave her support to Philip, who seemed at this point to be enjoying his masturbation a bit too much for Bonnie's liking. She screamed at her husband to conquer his desire and he greeted her shrill cries with hardly a nod as Michelle's hands drove him to a state of bliss.
Sylvia and Marlene, as well as Cheryl, Jill, and Laura had formed their own separate cheering section, urging Craig on, with Jill shouting out her mother's name at intervals each time she inflicted an unexpected maneuver upon Craig's cock.
Sheila was becoming uncomfortable in her standing position, having to bend over at an awkward angle to fist the huge piece of meat. At her daughter's suggestion, she fell to her knees directly in front of Craig, double fisting his pulsing tool until she was rewarded with a large, clear drop of fluid, which suddenly appeared at the tip. At the sight of this, she lost all restraint and bent her head downward until her mouth was just touching the head of his penis. With one quick movement, her hot tongue skirted the area of his corona, dancing around the tip of the soft, mushroom-like head until it found its way to the enticing drop of fluid, licking it up in one long and sensuous motion. His reaction was to grab her by the back of her head and force her down onto his cock. She complied by opening her mouth wide and swallowing a considerable portion of his erection before slowly letting her lips glide back up again to envelop the head, using her tongue to tickle the sensitive glans beneath.
For all his bravura, Barney proved to be little more than putty in the expert hands of Jennifer. His body now swayed back and forth as he drove his cock between her fingers, his face reflecting the ecstasy he was feeling within. She relished in the feeling of his massive prick, the pre-cum flooding her hands as she teased and milked him mercilessly. To her mind, the idea that he would somehow be able to prevent himself from ejaculating at her insistence was never an issue. She laughed gaily at the sight of the big, powerful Barney, now so absolutely under her control. She stuck her tongue in his ear, whispering a litany of filth as her beautiful hands performed their magic upon his straining cock. He stood there, eyes closed and lips slightly parted, a look of absolute pleasure written all over his face. She looked over at me a few times to gauge my reaction to her masturbatory skills, nodding in silent affirmation as I encouraged her and the others to do their best.
It didn't appear to me that Philip was going to last much longer. Michelle, like Bonnie, was an accomplished masturbator of men and could usually get a man to cum without ever having to perform a blowjob. For her, to get Philip to ejaculate first, and by only using her hands, would be a major accomplishment and a terrible blow to Bonnie's ego, as the two of them, although good and dear friends, had always been jealous of the other's abilities in the sexual arena.
Bonnie looked on with mounting uneasiness as her rival casually let her hand traverse the entire length of her husband's penis, teasing it, coaxing it to release the massive accumulation of semen that could no longer be contained by any effort of will or desire. Michelle, now completely absorbed with her task, and overcome with lust herself, pulled on Philip's prick even more savagely, kissing him passionately every so often as if in defiance of any perceived objection on Bonnie's part.
It wasn't long before Philip relinquished control of his body to his female superior, submitting to both the overpowering influence of the drug and Michelle's irresistible handjob. I had to admire her technique. It was one carefully calculated and executed with extreme persistence. While most other women would have varied their strokes and the tempo at which they performed their masturbation, Michelle's treatment of Philip remained constant in all respects throughout, preventing him from taking those otherwise precious moments to collect his thoughts, which would allow him some latitude in delaying his orgasm. As it was, her steadfast and consistent grip on his penis, along with the non-varying speed at which the stokes were delivered, resulted in producing a greater influx of sperm into his testicles until he could do nothing but watch helplessly as Michelle coaxed out his orgasm.
The other two men turned their heads sharply toward Philip as he let out an enormous groan.
"No, Philip, don't!" Bonnie shouted. "Don't give in to her! I'll punish you!"
It was too late. No amount of verbal or physical threats could stop the tidal wave of sperm that was now rushing upward from the pit of his balls like molten lava, the pressure of which would soon cause a volcanic eruption of tremendous magnitude. His body stiffened under her relentless grasp, and he thrust his hips outward to allow his sperm free and easy access to Michelle's hand.
In the moments just before his orgasm began, Philip, whose eyes were now glazed over and half opened, looked in his wife's direction and saw a woman standing halfway between him and the audience. She continued to insult him and threaten him, but he paid her little mind. The only thing that mattered to him at that moment was Michelle: her soft, perfumed body pressed in close to his, her tongue kissing the delicate nape of his neck, her hand—unyielding, coaxing, teasing—eager to feel the hot, silky smoothness of his passion as it splashed uncontrollably into her waiting fingers.
Michelle looked at Bonnie with a victorious smile and whispered into Philip's ear. "Shoot it all over my hands baby, I don't care."
Philip groaned once more as he felt the sperm rush up out of his body.
Michelle motioned to the girl to place the tip of the beaker over Philip's cock head as she delivered the final sperm-inducing strokes, anxious to watch him surrender his gooey load. His huge sac, already bloated with hordes of restless sperm, swelled even more as he began to climax.
"Oh, look at that!" Michelle exclaimed, as the first creamy burst of sperm flew into the beaker, splashing into a million translucent pearls as it hit the bottom of the receptacle and bounced off in all directions. The force of the ejaculation was such that the girl holding the beaker lost her balance, allowing the head of his prick to swing free. Realizing that she had obtained enough ejaculate for a sample, the girl wisely moved away from the spurting tool, watching intently as Michelle ruthlessly masturbated him. Bonnie could do nothing but watch in bitter disappointment as Michele's victory over her was now complete, and although the other two men didn't show it, she knew that they would now look upon her husband as being the weakest of the three—the man whose will had been broken by the hands of a supreme masturbatrix.
"Oh, shit!" Philip cried as he tensed his lower body in response to her furious handjob, sending another long jet of sticky semen high in to the air and right over his wife's head.
The entire audience broke out in cheers, even forcing Jennifer, who was hard at work on Barney, to comment: "Better get out of the way Bonnie! You're going to get it again!"
Her warning went unheeded. Only seconds later a stupendous triple-laced arc of cum sailed into the air forming three separate and distinct trajectories of whitish goo. Bonnie dodged the two outermost arcs of sperm, but she could not escape the thick, pasty effluence that ran up the middle of her skirt and on upward, covering her blouse, face, and hair. It was one of the most spectacular aerial displays I had ever seen.
"Oh, fuck you!" she screamed at Philip and his mistress.
The laughter was deafening.
Sheila and Jennifer, as well as their two obedient captives, were forced to pause momentarily as they were overcome with joy at seeing my sister covered from head to toe with Philip's wayward cum. For a moment, Bonnie just stood there, long strands of semen dripping from her lovely features onto the floor beneath. A look of hurt and anger came over her face and I knew then that what had once been considered just a game, had now taken on a new and far more serious meaning. Michelle knew it too and tried to gracious, but Bonnie, feeling betrayed by both her husband and her friend, turned and walked out, barely missed getting hit again by yet another creamy burst of jism.
I had thought of running after her but I couldn't leave while the masturbation was still taking place. After a few more weak shots, Philip was finished. He looked fatigued and distraught as a few girls from Lynette's crew marched him back to his cubicle. I don't think he was ever aware that his wife had left; such was the effect the drug and Michelle's uncompromising handjob had on him.
Lynette, who had been watching the performance from her seat next to Cheryl's, now rose from her chair and instructed her crew to clean up the mess Philip had left behind. Witnessing Bonnie's angered exit, Michelle quickly ran towards me, both her hands coated with sperm. I quickly handed her a towel.
"I think your sister hates me," she said grimly as she dried her hands on the cloth. "I never meant to make her angry. It was just a game after all."
"I think she was really disappointed in Philip more than in you."
"So he came first, so what?"
"That's not the point. She thought he could hold out againstyou. The fact that he surrendered control so easily to you is what made her go nuts."
She sighed deeply. "You know Chris, I really like Bonnie very much, even despite the fact that we always seem to be in competition with one another. But sometimes she can be a real bitch. Sorry, but that's how I feel."
"You don't have to apologize, Michelle. She's always been a poor loser. If I were you, I'd just let this whole thing blow over."
Michelle finished drying her hands and sat down next to Rebecca and Maria without saying another word. I don't think she really believed that Bonnie was going to let this issue simply "blow over".
The sperm that Philip had deposited was now cleared away and the contest to see which man was going to be able to withhold his orgasm was once again underway in earnest. It was difficult to tell which of the two men would come first. Barney, for all his physical strength and stamina, seemed to be quite under the spell of my attractive and loquacious colleague, and he seemed to be falling more and more under her influence with each passing second. Craig, on the other hand, did not appear to be succumbing so easily to Sheila's talents. His mind seemed fully focused and aware, despite the tremendous assault on his cock.
After several minutes had elapsed and it seemed that a simple handjob was not producing the expected results, Sheila decided that it was time to up the ante. Without any warning, she stopped masturbating Craig and removed her lab coat. And then, to everyone's surprise, she removed her blouse and bra, exposing her two beautiful breasts. Craig stared at her exposed chest wide-eyed, his cock bobbing up and down in sympathetic reaction to the two lovely mounds of pink flesh, their erect nipples proudly on display; an obvious indication of her excitement.
Jennifer quickly let go of Barney's prick. "Hey Christiana! Are you going to allow this?"
"Way to go mom!" Jill exclaimed, upon seeing her daring mother expose her lovely breasts to everyone.
Sheila turned to her daughter and invited her down.
As she had done once before, Jill instantly came to her mother's aid, dragging Laura along behind her. Following Sheila's instructions, the two girls were soon employed in rubbing and teasing Craig's hugely swollen balls in an effort to produce maximum sperm production. He watched the two pretty vixens with amusement as they teased and played with his mind and body, relishing the feel of their warm and supple fingers on his sperm-bloated sac.
Applying a small amount of lube between her breasts, Sheila knelt before Craig and placed his huge tool in between them, allowing him to masturbate himself in this fashion. With his cock now nestled snugly between Sheila's lustrous twin peaks and his balls in the manipulative hands of two lovely teenage girls, Craig prepared himself for the ride of his life.
"I know you ladies are trying your best to get me to cum first," he said as he settled into a comfortable tempo in the crevice of her breasts. "But that isn't going to happen."
"We'll see about that," Sheila said, as she felt his legs quiver.
Jennifer looked at Sheila, then at me, with a look of dismay. "What the hell's going on here?" she said.
"No one's stopping you Jen," Sheila replied, as she watched Craig's cock head touch the underside of her chin. "Have some of the girls help you."
Jennifer again looked at me, uncertain what to do. Since no ground rules had been laid down regarding who or how many could participate, I saw no reason to spoil their fun.
"Help yourself!" I said to Jennifer.
Seeing that my invitation had now given her free reign to choose whom she might, Jennifer smiled in Barney's face.
"You're going to have some company Big Barney," she said giving him several vicious pulls. "Who wants to help me out with this big guy?" she asked everyone.
I looked at Janine, expecting her to accept the offer, but she just sat there and shrugged. I thought back to the initial experiment that had taken place in this very same lab several weeks ago, and Janine's refusal to take part in any aspect of it, including any plans that might benefit her husband. I wondered why such a kind and passionate man like Barney could have anything to do with such a cold and dispassionate woman like her.
In response to Jennifer's invitation, Cheryl and Lynette got up and offered their services. Lynette, because she had a serious attraction to the handsome giant: Cheryl, because she simply wanted Craig to be the last man standing. Sylvia and Maria also came running up, eager to get their hands on the muscleman.
"I remember you," Barney said to Maria. "You had a piece of me last time."
Maria smiled as she put a generous amount of lube into her hands. "This time it's going to be even better."
"Oh no!" he said. "You ain't thinkin' you're gonna get me to cum first now, would you?"
"That's exactly what I'm thinkin'!" Maria laughed, as she cupped his balls in her hand.
The big black man let out a loud moan. "Oh man that feels great!"
"I want to play with that big dick of yours Barney," Sylvia said, reaching out her hand. "Do you mind?"
"Go right ahead miss, help yourself!"
In a very short time the five women had positioned themselves around Barney so that each could have access to various parts of his anatomy, with Jennifer maintaining control of his prick.
Not one to be outdone, Sheila invited some of the women to help her out as well. Rebecca, harboring a smoldering attraction toward Craig from the time of Bonnie's party, was the first to answer Sheila's summons. His face lit up as he watched her casually and gracefully walk toward him, her eyes focused on his massive prick as it journeyed up and down the terrain between Sheila's tits.
From the corner of my eye I saw Marlene approach, a little nervous at first, but desirous of getting her mature hands on the young man.
"I could just eat him alive," she said, as she waltzed by me.
I think Craig was a bit taken aback when he saw Marlene approach him with a look of sheer lust in her eyes. But the look was not one of revulsion: it was one of welcome surprise at seeing a lovely older woman wanting to take part in pleasuring him. I was to find out later that he had some years earlier enjoyed sexual favors bestowed upon him by two very attractive and free-spirited "older ladies," as he called them, and that he had found the attentions of these mature women to be extremely exciting. This interest of his had not seemed to have abated over the years, for even now he kept his eyes fixed on Marlene as she let her hands caress his body, responding to her ministrations like a favored pet being rubbed by its mistress.
Seeing that there were now five women to each man, I told everyone to sit back and relax and enjoy the show.
"I bet the boy cums first," Michelle said, as she swallowed a mouthful of soda.
"Maybe," I replied. "But my instincts tell me that Barney is going to lose it before Craig does."
As I had noticed earlier, Barney was simply enjoying all the feminine attention just a little too much. I wasn't surprised at this, knowing how frustrated he must have been at having a wife who rarely displayed much affection toward him. Even now, as all of the five women passionately and excitedly caressed and fondled him, Janine sat back and paid no particular heed to it, which seemed to me very odd.
Michelle caught me looking at the sullen woman and frowned. "She's one cold bitch, I'll tell you that."
Deciding that a dose of one-upmanship was now in order, Jennifer got down on her knees before Barney and thrust his huge penis deep into her mouth. The big man's face contorted with pleasure as her hot tongue danced over the taught flesh, her lips sealed around the smooth, pulsating member as she slowly, methodically, enveloped the entire length of him.
"Oh, my God!" Sylvia remarked, at seeing Jennifer take so much of his cock down her throat. "Would you look at this woman!"
"She's determined to get every drop of cum out of you Barney," Maria warned him. "You better watch out."
But Big Barney didn't care. He was too far into a state of ecstasy to give a damn whether he was going to cum first or not. All he could see was Jennifer's pretty round face nestled happily in his crotch, her head rising and falling between the valley of his thighs, demanding that he relinquish to her the precious white liquid that was even now actively coalescing within the confines of his immense scrotum. Suddenly, she let him drop from her mouth. Barney started as his prick was now exposed to the cool air.
"Maria," she said. "Do you have any more of that special lubricated lipstick? You know, the stuff that Rebecca and Bonnie use a lot?"
"I think I have some right here in my pocket," she replied, as her hand brought forth a small silver tube.
Barney watched Jennifer as she took the lipstick from Maria and raised the cylinder to her mouth.
"Mmmm...strawberry!" she said, as she ran the tube sensuously over her lips.
When she was done, she handed the tube back to Maria and resumed working on Barney.
"What is that stuff that she just put on her lips?" he asked Maria.
"It's a special lipstick that fluffs use in the porn industry to keep the men hard between takes."
He was going to reply but just then the realization came to him that the feeling he was now experiencing needed no further elaboration. The lipstick was doing its job.
"God damn!" he said to Jennifer as she sucked on him. "You got a way about you woman!"
She laughed as she continued to mouth him, using her hands to add even more intensity to her blowjob.
"I'll have to remember to use some of that lipstick myself," Cheryl commented, as she stole a look at Craig.
Lynette was now standing directly behind Barney. She had a lubed-up dildo in her hand and was rubbing his anus with a generous portion of Vaseline.
"I know how much you love this," Lynette said in his ear as she showed him the dildo. "Remember the last time?"
"Yeah, baby," Barney replied, breathing heavily. "I remember."
Once his asshole had been greased up to her satisfaction, Lynette slowly introduced the dildo into Barney's tender orifice, slowly working it in and out at her leisure.
"God, that feels real good. Real good," he moaned aloud.
Maria was now playing with his tits, using her teeth to bite at his nipples, sending waves of chilling ecstasy down his spine. Cheryl meanwhile had grabbed the base of his cock, letting her hand casually stroke him in time to Jennifer's expert blowjob. Not wanting to be left out, Sylvia took the initiative and wrapped her arms around Barney's neck, forcing her mouth down upon his, kissing him passionately.
I noticed that Bonnie had walked back into the room, heading straight toward the cubicles where Philip and the other test subjects sat watching the performance. As she approached Philip he turned to acknowledge her, rising to offer her his chair. She said something to him and quickly walked to her former seat, as he sat back down looking unhappy. I saw John move toward Philip and place his arm around the distressed man's shoulders, asking him if he were all right. Philip nodded but did not raise his head.
As Bonnie walked across the floor toward her seat she kept her eyes fixed on Michelle, who had also been watching my sister since her entrance into the lab. Bonnie's face reflected a look of anguish and frustration, whether from her recent interlude with Philip or because she was still displeased with my associate. The two women regarded each other in silence for several moments until something drew all our attention back to the action taking place on the platform.
Sheila, sensing that Craig was enjoying the tit-fuck, but not to the degree that it would force an orgasm from him, decided to try a different tactic. She was fully aware that Jennifer was now the center of attention, as most of Barney's meat was now being devoured by her colleague's voracious throat. She was also aware that Marlene was paying more attention to Jennifer's blowjob than to her own handling of Craig. This gave her an idea.
"Marlene?" she said. "Would you like to suck this beautiful young cock?"
"Absolutely!" the older woman replied, looking Craig straight in the eyes.
Within a few seconds, Marlene had traded places with Sheila and took the young man's stiff and glistening penis in her hands. Craig nearly jumped out of his skin. Jill and Laura, who were still toying with his balls, giggled.
Seeing Marlene's face just inches from his tender cock brought back vivid memories of a time not so long ago when two other older women had made love to his penis with careful, deliberate ministrations, providing him with his first taste of what possibilities could exist in engaging in sex with more than one partner. The fact that they were older gave him a sense of surety that they would bestow upon him all their mature womanly charms, and that he would become a better lover by virtue of their union. Now, as Marlene parted her lips slightly to admit the head of his penis into her mouth, these thoughts and more ran through his brain.
"Oh!" Craig gasped, as his full length was absorbed inch by inch into Marlene's hot mouth.
To maintain her balance, she reached her hands around to grasp Craig's ass cheeks, soon discovering that Rebecca's hands were already there. She quickly withdrew her mouth from his cock.
"Oh, sorry!" she said.
"No, do what you were doing," Rebecca replied. "I'm going to stick my finger up his ass."
Craig watched as Rebecca put some Vaseline on her fingers and began rubbing the greasy stuff in and around his asshole.
"You ever have your prostate massaged?" she asked him, her beautiful face only inches away from his.
"No. Never."
"Then you're in for a treat," she smiled wickedly.
And then, without any warning at all, Craig kissed her full on the lips. It was an impulsive move, taking Rebecca completely by surprise. Oddly, she didn't pull away from him, but allowed the kiss to linger for several seconds before raising her hand to his lips, gently severing the connection. It seemed to me that she had enjoyed it.
"Okay lover," she said, smiling, but a little put off guard. "What was that all about?"
"I'm sorry," he said, suddenly feeling ashamed at his impertinence. "I didn't mean to do that."
"Oh yes, you did," Rebecca said. "But that's okay. I enjoyed it."
I saw Craig's face turn beet red then and there, and was reminded that he was, after all, only 19 years old and still very much a shy and naïve boy. Cheryl, however, had been watching all along and did not seem to appreciate the sudden boldness of her favorite subject. But seeing that Rebecca had dissuaded him, and realizing that it was only the actions of an impetuous young man that had caused him to act so boldly, made Cheryl feel a little more relaxed. She could not, however, help but feel a little bit jealous of her beautiful colleague.
Soon, Rebecca's talented fingers had found their way to Craig's prostate gland and began to work their magic from inside his body. At first startled then pleased, Craig surrendered to her control, leaning into her body while resting his head on her lovely bosom.
Marlene was now hard at work on his penis. She was a serious cock sucker, allowing neither her mouth nor her tongue to part from his sperm-logged shaft for a second. Her head bobbed up and down wildly on his prick, her excitement at having such a big and luscious tool to suck on driving her to distraction. By the way she fervently attended to his huge member, I imagined that it must have been some time since she had last had the opportunity of having sex with such a young and vital man.
"Oh, God," she said between slurps. "This is so good!"
Jill and Laura were growing tired of fingering his balls and wanted to try something different to help get him to cum.
"Mom," Jill said to her mother. "Laura and I want to do him with our feet."
"Oh! That's a great idea!" Rebecca said.
"What exactly do you have in mind Jill?" Sheila asked.
Jill and Laura looked at each other and laughed. Together they said: "Double footjob!"
Without further warning, the two girls sat on the floor on either side of Marlene and got down on their backs. Removing their shoes and socks, they extending their luscious legs upward towards his crotch until the soles of their feet touched the underside of his impossibly large sac. Their position allowed them to effectively tickle and prod the bloated, taught skin of his scrotum while allowing room enough for Marlene to continue her blowjob unimpeded.
"How do you like this Craig?" Laura giggled.
"Feels unbelievable," he replied, as their feet teased him.
Sheila's magnificent tits were only a few inches from Craig's face, and seeing that he couldn't take his eyes off them, she grabbed one and shoved it straight into his open mouth. He cried deep in his throat, grateful to wrap his hungry lips around the moist points of delectable flesh.
"Yeah, that's it baby," Sheila groaned. "Suck mommy's big titties."
By this time everyone in the audience was cheering wildly for their particular favorite. Even Janine, forgetting for the moment her natural inclination to be morose, began rooting for Marlene to get Craig off. It was nice to see that she did possess some sense of loyalty to her husband, albeit in a somewhat shallow form.
Tired of viewing the performance from the sidelines, the test subjects and their companions made a hasty dash toward the audience where they sat and added their own voices to the general fray. John Cardelli was truly enjoying the show; his wife Ann looking happy and relaxed at seeing this enormous improvement in his mood. Philip made no attempt to sit next to his wife, and Bonnie didn't even look his way, although she had seen him walk with his head down toward a seat not far from her. She seemed restless.
The women on both teams were continuously eyeing each other to see what new techniques were being employed in their efforts to get their men to cum. No sooner had one woman adopted a particular method of pleasuring a subject than a woman on the opposing team either played copycat or invented some other novel way to arouse her man. At this point, both men were sufficiently aroused enough to make the outcome unpredictable.
"Do you still think Craig is going to last?" Michelle asked, as she cheered Barney on.
"Yes, I do." I replied, still betting on the young man's previous show of control.
"You know that woman Marlene is quite a cock sucker," she said, with a touch of envy. "I'll bet she gets him to cum first."
Her observations were not far off the mark. Marlene did seem to possess some marvelous talent for the job, employing lips, tongue, fingers, and hands to tease and coax the boy's aching cock.
This obvious talent was not wasted on Jennifer, who now took it as her personal mission to prove to everyone that her blowjob skills were far superior to those of her opponent. She increased her tempo upon Barney's cock, locking her lips tightly around the shaft, taking almost his full length down her hungry throat. She only removed her mouth from him once, and that was to give instructions to her accomplices, whom she felt were not doing their utmost to provoke him to cum.
"Jesus Christ, Lynette!" she exclaimed, drooling long strands of pre-cum from her mouth. "Shove that fucking dildo up his ass! Don't be so nice!"
Amused by this sudden outburst, Lynette nonetheless obeyed the command of her superior and started to shove the dildo in and out of Barney's rectum with increased force, causing him to push his cock harder into Jennifer's sucking mouth. Half the time it looked as if she was going to gag, but she never relented, using every trick she had learned in her relatively young life to bend the huge, black serpent to her whim.
Maria and Cheryl stood on either side of him, sucking on his nipples and kneading his monstrous balls, which had swollen to the size of small grapefruits. At intervals both girls would kiss him on the mouth or run their tongues around the inside of his ears, making his entire body shiver. Sylvia found herself kneeling next to Jennifer, licking those areas around his crotch that were exposed to her waiting tongue. It was a vicious assault, calculated to produce only one thing.
Finally, the big, black Hercules could take no more. His body froze and his cock twitched; the combined effects of the blowjob, the anal probe, and the girls' sexual expertise conquering every aspect of his tortured libido.
With the crowd now screaming at fever pitch, Barney started to cum.
None of the girls working on him realized what was happening until Lynette's assistant ran forward with the beaker, pointing the neck of the glass receptacle next to Jennifer's face. Seeing the beaker, Jennifer pulled away just at the moment the first spurt of semen shot out of his cock. It missed the bottle completely and flew out into the audience where Janine was sitting, portions of it splashing onto her dress and blouse and the rest sailing right over her head.
"Get it over his cock!" Jennifer yelled at the girl.
I laughed. The crowd laughed. Even Michelle, who was disappointed that her prediction had been proved false, laughed. The only two people who weren't laughing were Janine, who was now cursing and wiping off the residue with a handkerchief, and Bonnie, who sat with legs crossed and arms folded, looking every bit as bored as a restive child on a rainy day.
"Oh fuck!" Barney screamed, as another eruption of hot, milky sperm shot out and was successfully captured within the confines of the glass receptacle.
The opposing team was overjoyed at seeing the thick ropes of sperm splash violently into the beaker, and they, as well as Craig, paused momentarily to enjoy the orgasmic spectacle taking place before them.
Having obtained a sizeable specimen, the girl backed off at Jennifer's command and retreated to the outer lab. And in that split second before the next ejaculation commenced, my wild-eyed colleague forced the climaxing cock once more between her lips as both Maria and Cheryl proceeded to masturbate him into her waiting mouth. Marlene held Craig firmly in her hands, unwilling to let the prized possession slip from her grasp even as she stared in awe at the immense, black prick now embedded deep in Jennifer's throat.
Barney grimaced as he felt another onrush of sperm work its way out of his tormented balls. As Maria and Cheryl ran their hands up and down the ebony shaft with great speed, Lynette shoved the dildo into his ass with one rapid motion, causing him to literally fall forward, impaling his cock in the back of Jennifer's throat. She held onto his legs for dear life as the first wave of torrid, sticky sperm shot into her mouth, her throat muscles contracting rapidly to accommodate the huge amount of liquid now being pumped into her. Over and over the giant cock continued to cum, but Jennifer never wavered, nor did she pull her mouth away. Implanted as it was deep in her throat, she somehow managed to keep her lips sealed shut and her neck back, so as to allow the sperm to flow freely. She swallowed fast and hard as the girls' talented hands coaxed load after load out of Barney, every now and then a rivulet of semen overflowing her mouth and running down her chin.
Not much sperm escaped Jennifer's greedy mouth. And that which did was quickly licked up by Sylvia, who simply stuck out her tongue every time a trail of white cascaded down the doctor's face. After about a minute or so, Jennifer was forced to remove her aching mouth from Barney's cock, which was still ejaculating. She had swallowed a great quantity of cum and her face was flushed and heated. Sylvia took the opportunity to suck him off herself and for the next thirty seconds was treated to a literal cum bath with most of the ejaculate winding up in her face and hair. Finally, it was over.
Sylvia who still had a great portion of Barney's semen sloshing around on her tongue, grabbed Jennifer by the arm and indicated that she wanted to drool the gooey load into my colleague's mouth. Surprisingly, and without a word, Jennifer lay down on her back while an exhausted but astonished Barney looked on. Sylvia bent her head over Jennifer's and parted her lips slightly, letting escape a thick, milky glob of sperm that slowly dripped off her lower lip into Jennifer's open mouth. She swallowed the creamy effluence with one audible gulp.
The applause was deafening. Barney took an impromptu bow and was led back to his cubicle by Lynette, Cheryl, and Maria. Sylvia joined Marlene on the floor in front of Craig, presumably to offer her assistance to her as well.
As was customary with most of my sexual experiments, the abandonment of personal inhibitions was often the norm. It really couldn't be helped. For such was the nature of human behavior that the most primordial of all drives—the drive to procreate—surpassed all other needs, whether real or perceived. The free expression of one's sexuality, unencumbered by religious prohibition or legal writ, had always been the one true and everlasting freedom of the human animal. And in the artificial but secure atmosphere of my lab, where no injunction against an individual's sexual expression would ever be tolerated, even the most refined sensibilities were often compromised, reducing so-called "civilized" men and women to nothing more than carnal beasts. Such was the person who now presented herself to me as Jennifer Barlow.
"I've got some sperm caught in the back of my throat," she said, her face glistening with the residue of semen and saliva. "I need to wash it down."
Michelle handed her a bottle of spring water.
"I don't know what to say," I began, as she took a long gulp. "I'm surprised you didn't choke to death."
She continued to drink without pausing to answer.
I handed her a towel. "Wipe your face doctor, you look ridiculous."
Michelle suddenly burst out laughing.
"Look at you, you crazy bitch!" she said to Jennifer. "You're fucking soaked!"
Jennifer took a few more gulps and then worked the towel over her face.
"I suppose I should go and get cleaned up."
"You'd better hurry or else you'll miss the finale," I said, with a nod in Craig's direction.
Without saying anything further, Jennifer shot off down the hall towards the examining room to wash the aftermath of Barney's orgasm from her body. Michelle found Jennifer's recent behavior highly entertaining.
"How she managed to get his thing down her throat like that...and she's such a small girl!"
"Hercules brought down by a nymph!" I joked.
She laughed and pointed to the group of women still on the platform. "And to the victor go the spoils!"
I directed my gaze to the young man, now surrounded by a host of hot and horny females, who had weathered the dark storms of an EJAX-induced terror to come through it all with scarcely a dent in his psychological armor. His resilience intrigued me and afforded me a glimpse of how a courageous man could, by strength of will alone, surpass the terrible side effects of a drug gone haywire. He had indeed been victorious, and my faith in his abilities had not been misplaced. Of all my subjects, I regarded him with the utmost respect, not only because he was genuinely good-hearted and sincere, but also because he was a true champion of the human spirit. And now, as a reward for his magnificent physical and mental control, he was going to experience the best sexual moments of his young life.
Barney had cleaned himself up and now joined his wife and the other subjects in the audience. He was all smiles as his friends greeted him but Janine was clearly displeased with what he later told me was his "humiliating defeat at the hands of a skinny, little white boy." That Craig was neither skinny nor little mattered not one bit to the unpleasant woman, who sat next to her husband with a dour look on her face for the rest of the performance. She pointed to the cum stains that still showed up as dark splotches on her blouse and dress, and reprimanded him for it. Barney seemed to take it all in stride, but I could see that he was exasperated by her lack of sympathy or support.
Following him out were Lynette and Cheryl, who immediately walked over to Craig and joined the other women who were thoroughly engrossed in teasing the young man's body and mind. When he saw Cheryl he gave her a big smile, and she responded by giving his ass a hard slap.
"Keep your kisses for me stud!" she said half in warning, half in jest.
For a moment he looked confused, but when he followed her gaze to Rebecca, he suddenly construed her meaning.
"Jealous?" he said, draping his arm around her.
She pressed in closer to him. "A little."
I could see that Maria also wanted to participate in his masturbation, but she bypassed the group and headed straight toward me.
"Dr. Barlow and I just put all the samples in the cooler."
"Is everything locked up?"
"Yes, doctor."
She turned to look at Craig. "I think he's so cute, don't you?"
"Go ahead," I said, sensing she wanted to get in on the action, "don't let me stop you."
She looked at Michelle. "Do you want to join in?"
"No, thank you. I've had enough fun for today," she replied, glancing at Bonnie. "I think I'll just watch."
Maria quickly joined the others. By this time Marlene had the boy on all fours as Jill and Laura took turns milking him. Someone had produced a strap-on dildo and there was a simultaneous burst of cheers from the audience.
"Yo!" Adam shouted. "Give it to him up the ass!"
"Where did they get that?" Michelle asked surprised.
"Not from me," I replied.
I suddenly felt a hand on my shoulder. "It's mine."
"Oh!" Michelle said.
It was Bonnie. Somehow she had managed to creep up to us without being seen.
"I gave it to Rebecca earlier today," she continued. "She requested it."
She looked at Michelle and smiled coldly. Michelle remained silent.
"That poor boy," I said. "What we haven't put him through."
Bonnie ran her fingers through her hair, twisting the end portion of it into a small knot. "He'll love it."
I didn't know whether to agree with her assessment or not, but it was 'anything goes' as far as these wanton women were concerned. I hoped that Craig would be amenable to having his sphincter invaded by the plastic phallus that was now being carefully examined by Rebecca. So far, he didn't seem too concerned one way or the other.
As soon as she found that the device was safe, she removed her skirt with one swift motion and threw it aside, exposing a pair of black thongs underneath. Craig took one look at her naked legs, incredibly long and slender as they were, and sighed in grateful appreciation.
"I'm going to fuck your ass with this," Rebecca said, holding the device right in front of his face.
She said it more as a command rather than a request, and without waiting for him to reply, strapped the dildo onto her waist. Craig watched her put the device on but said nothing.
"My, my," Jennifer said, approaching us. "Look who's going to get butt-fucked!"
Bonnie looked Jennifer up and down. "Get all the sperm out, Jennifer?"
"Oh, most of it went it down my throat. Didn't you see?"
"Yes, I did," Bonnie replied, smiling. "Great blowjob by the way."
"Thanks. Michelle gave me a few pointers."
Bonnie's smile faded abruptly. "Did she also give you some pointers on how to give handjobs too?"
Michelle gave Bonnie a threatening look. "You have something to say to me Bonnie?"
Sensing an altercation about to take place, I grabbed Bonnie by the arm and pulled her aside.
"I know you're upset with Michelle. But this is not the time to discuss it. So either shut your mouth or go back to your seat."
A huge roar came from the crowd just then as Rebecca knelt behind Craig, the tip of the dildo already making its entrance into his greased-up hole.
"Okay, sis," she replied. "I'll let it go for now. But she's going to answer for what she's done. I promise you that."
"You're upset because your ego has been bruised. But I'll tell you something Bonnie. You and Michelle are more alike than either of you care to admit."
"I find that hard to believe," she said, stealing a glance at her long-time friend.
To describe the events that followed, and to put them in their proper perspective, could not be trusted simply to memory. For that reason alone I was grateful that I had possessed the foresight to record on videotape every detail of the event for future scrutiny. However, unknown to me at the time was the fact that it would also be used as evidence against me several weeks later during my court trial, and what I saw—what the court saw—was something that had hitherto never been seen in the hallowed halls of that prestigious judicial institution. The shifting tangle of human anatomy, and the acts of unbridled, lustful, sexual deviation sometimes caused even I to blush, and the otherwise extremely mild and tolerant attitudes toward sexual expression, so often regarded as the hallmark of Sweden's socio-political system, were negated in the face of it. Even the vast influence of my brother-in-law Philip, which for so many years had allowed him to hold sway over Stockholm's law enforcement system, was utterly nullified with the discovery that he had tie-ins to the international drug trafficking market, resulting in his subsequent divestiture of political power. Thus, with the evidence at hand, and Philip's dissolution, I found myself at the mercy of the courts: a legal system that, under the guidance of Philip's direction, would have glossed over the more grossly sexual conduct of my subjects and colleagues and dismissed such evidence as unacceptable. But without that influence, the magistrates were forced to regard the apparent dichotomy of such aberrant sexuality with the standards of ethical medical behavior as criminal negligence on my part. Bonnie had warned me that such an outcome was possible, and her prediction had come true.
************
************
Luis was mulling over the sequence of events that had taken place since the moment of his capture the previous evening. As he sat in the back seat of Lt. Endland's patrol car, handcuffed and with Sgt. Richter by his side, he laughed to himself as he imagined the horrified expression of Dr. Swensen as she confronted him and the two burly detectives on her front doorstep. Her torment alone was worth the price of his betrayal.
He looked behind him. Two more patrol cars followed, each containing several officers. In a little over ten minutes they would be arriving at the Clinic, armed with guns and search warrants. The mere thought of seeing the profane doctor being led away in handcuffs made him smile.
He had no idea that an experiment was taking place this afternoon: an experiment that he would have taken part in had he not proven himself to be false—an experiment that had now provided the means by which he could live a normal and healthy sexual life. All he could think of was getting revenge upon the people at whose hands he had suffered tremendous humiliation. Nothing else mattered.
The evening before he had been grilled mercilessly for information concerning the drug, but he had remained taciturn, thinking that if he divulged any information to the police that he would, in so doing, also incriminate himself. In this he was correct. However, when Lt. Endland promised him immunity from prosecution if he opened up and talked, Luis felt that a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders and he found himself answering every question put to him with glee, even volunteering information that the two cops could never have obtained on their own, and filling in gaps or inconsistencies within their own incomplete reports.
"Let me get this straight," Endland began, "her sister shot you out of a cannon?"
"How do you think I got all these cuts and bruises?" Luis replied, sarcastically. "From mowing their lawn?"
Richter shrugged. "Forensic verifies that his marks are consistent with a high-impact collision with a tree. He's still got some splinters of bark embedded in his skin."
"And they hurt like hell too!" Luis moaned. "When are you gonna take this shit out of me huh, man?"
"The doctor will be here shortly. Relax," Endland said.
Luis looked around the interrogation room paying particular attention to a small, glass, one-way mirror on the opposite wall.
"Why don't you invite them in?" he said to Endland. "Those people behind the wall. Are they afraid of me?"
"Forget about them Luis. Now you said Philip Olmstead hired you to steal the drug from the Clinic is that correct?"
"Yes, yes, man, I told you all that shit already."
"He's a pretty powerful man I hear," Richter said.
"Not so powerful that he can place himself above the law," Endland replied. "I know he's got some people in the palm of his hand, but that's about to end."
"Bring him down, man," Luis said. "Bring them all down."
"With your help little man," Endland replied, "we're going to do just that."
In less than fifteen minutes they had obtained all the information they needed to incriminate the unscrupulous sex doctor and her associates. Luis' wounds were tended to and he was then locked in a cell where he spent the rest of the night sleeping peacefully and dreaming of the utter destruction of one kindly and innocent woman.
************
************
In and out, in and out, the big, black plastic dildo went, while Rebecca's hands gripped Craig's ass cheeks tightly. She was enjoying her role as the aggressor, savoring the feeling of being the one in control. It pained him at first to feel the large bulbous head of the dildo invade his anal cavity, but the Vaseline had made the intrusion much less uncomfortable than it otherwise would have been. And now, under Rebecca's masterful handling of the device, he was experiencing a totally new and pleasurable phenomenon—one that gave him a greater appreciation for the accoutrements of sex.
He had been on his hands and knees for the past five minutes while his ass was being rammed from behind. He was thankful that Rebecca was gentle with him and that her movements coincided with Jill and Laura's teasing handjob. The two girls kneeled on either side of him, pulling happily on his magnificent organ, cracking jokes with each other. Marlene had slipped under him, her face buried in his balls, licking and sucking the hard-as-steel testicles that hung down like two giant plums from his bloated sac. His face was so close to the older woman's vagina that he could almost touch it with his tongue. He was sorely tempted to do this but he knew it would not be tolerated. Instead he bent his head down and kissed her legs, at times running his tongue over the soft landscape of her thighs.
Cheryl wanted desperately to fuck him. Knowing that this was impossible did not stop her from removing her bra, which she flung to one side. Kneeling between Marlene's legs, she opened up her blouse and two superb mounds of twin flesh were shoved in his face. Craig immediately responded by taking one nipple into his mouth and then another, delighting in the litheness of her body and the sweet flavor of her youthful essence.
"Oh, God, it feels so good," she moaned, as his tongue drew circles around the tiny buds.
He sucked on her tits as if trying to extract milk from them, his head periodically resting in the crevice between her twin mounds. The dildo plied his ass incessantly as his balls began to expand under Marlene's persistent tonguing of his scrotum. He could feel the pressure mounting in his testicles and knew that it would not be long before he would have to shoot his load. Marlene noticed the distension of his sac and quickly alerted everyone.
"He's going to cum soon!" the older woman said.
Sheila was sitting a few feet away casually observing.
"In that case, I think we better get him on his feet."
Rebecca gave him a few more thrusts and then withdrew the dildo.
"How's it feel being on the receiving end?" she asked him.
"It hurts!" he replied as he rose to his feet. "But it felt good too."
I decided it was time to intervene and put an end to this last stage of the experiment.
"It's getting late everybody. Let's get this poor young man taken care of so we can all go home." I turned to Lynette. "Get him up on the milking platform."
The platform I was referring to was a four-foot-wide metallic disk whose base was bolted into the floor. In the middle of the disk, rising some three feet into the air, was an adjustable metal rod with a second arm attached that could be further modified to accommodate various heights. Extending from the end of this second arm was a clear cylindrical tube about two feet in length, one end of which was closed and the other fitted with a soft, latex top that had a slit down the middle into which a penis could be inserted. Two leather straps were used to attach the cylinder to the subject's body, keeping it firmly in place. An LED display that sat on top of the main arm provided the doctor with information regarding the subject's heart rate, blood pressure, and other statistics. But the main purpose of the display was to record sperm motility, sperm volume, and ejaculatory force. On either side of the main arm were rubber-coated handlebars upon which the subject could hold himself in position.
I saw a look of dismay come across Craig's face as Lynette helped him onto the platform. She gave his still erect cock a thick coating of lube and then gently placed the open end of the cylinder over his prick, telling him to force as much of it as he could inside the tube. She then secured him to the device with the leather straps.
"Hey Craig!" Jeffrey shouted. "How's it feel to be a cow!"
"Moo! Moo!" Adam jibed.
He took their good-natured ribbing with a smile, but he seemed to regard the device with suspicion.
"I'm sorry Craig," I said, "but you're taking far too long to cum. Don't worry. Just relax and enjoy it."
"Oh, Chris!" Sheila objected. "Why do you have to use this machine when you have all of us here? We just needed a few more minutes."
"It's taking too long," I said. "I want him to cum and get it over with."
"Didn't I tell you Sheila?" Bonnie said. "Didn't I tell you that my sister doesn't know how to enjoy herself!"
"This is not about me," I said. "I have other patients to attend to and this test has taken much longer than it should. Lynette, please hand me the remote control unit."
To the utter disappointment of all the women who had participated in Craig's masturbation, and to the disappointment of the audience, I took the remote control unit in my hand and turned the device on.
"I don't think I like being strapped in like this Dr. Swensen," Craig said, looking concerned. "It's kind of humiliating."
"Just relax and let the machine do its work. You'll be fine"
It was a pity that he had delayed his orgasm for such a long time, despite all the attention he had been receiving from the women. Time was running out and I could not justify continuing his masturbation when it was no longer relevant to the experiment. I knew I had robbed him of the touch of female hands, but as he had already been masturbated in this fashion, I did not think I was doing him an especially ill service.
The women had formed two separate groups lined up in a semicircle around him, curious to see what the machine would do. Cheryl tried to encourage Craig by tenderly playing with his balls, but all he could do was offer a weak smile. When he signaled to me that he was ready, I pressed a small black button on the unit, which activated the mechanical arm that connected to the cylinder. With his body remaining stationary, the arm moved back and forth in a slow, gentle rocking motion, the tube gliding effortlessly over his huge, greased-up prick. At first he reacted with alarm, being unused to the feeling of having his cock manipulated by a machine. But very soon he began to enjoy the feeling and even thrust his cock into the mouth-like aperture, moaning softly.
"I've never seen such a contraption," Jennifer said. "Did you invent this thing Christiana?"
"Yes, a few years ago. I use it on our more problematical patients."
"He's not a problematical patient," Bonnie said. "You just want to get him off quick."
"If that's what you wanted Christiana I could've done him for you," Michelle said.
"Oh shit! I forgot!" Bonnie replied. "Of course you could. Just like you did my husband!"
For a brief moment I saw a flash of anger come across Michelle's face, but it quickly dissipated. "I have no interest in Philip. I never did and you know it."
"It didn't look that way to me," Bonnie retorted.
"I was just doing my job."
"No, Michelle. You were doing ahandjob. And doing agoodjob of it too!"
"Look Bonnie," Michelle said, looking my sister in the eye. "I am not trying to win your husband's affections. It was just a fucking handjob, that's all."
Bonnie was going to say something more but just then we heard screams coming from the platform.
"Dr. Swensen!" Craig yelled. "Turn it off! Turn it off!"
My attention, having been diverted by my two argumentative friends, had led me to press the button on the remote control unit that had increased the speed to its maximum level. Craig was now being rocked back and forth with tremendous force, his entire body being shaken like a rag doll.
Several of the women were trying to remove the leather straps that fastened the device to his body, but he was being jerked so quickly that they couldn't hold their hands steady enough to undo the bindings.
"Christiana!" Sheila screamed. "Turn the god-damn thing off!"
Cheryl was frantic.
"You're going to hurt him!" she cried, as she struggled to remove the cylinder.
I tried to turn the power off but the remote control was not responding.
"Do something for Christ's sake sis!" Bonnie said.
"Lynette!" I shouted. "Hit the switch!"
She lowered her head over the display and pushed some buttons—nothing happened.
"Cut the straps!" I shouted again.
Removing her knife from her pocket, she quickly severed the leather straps, and with the help of Cheryl, Rebecca, and several other women, managed to pull the boy to safety. The machine continued to operate completely of its own volition until Lynette ran out to the outer hall and tripped the circuit breaker. The machine came to an abrupt halt.
"Were you trying to milk him or kill him?" Bonnie asked.
I did not respond to her because I was already running to Craig's aid. Jennifer and Michelle followed.
"I think I'm okay doctor," Craig said, trying to catch his breath.
By this time Barney, Adam, and all the other men, including most of the audience, had surrounded the young man. He was lying on his side, propped up on one arm and his head in Lynette's lap. Cheryl and Rebecca kneeled on either side of him.
"Let's take a look at that penis of yours," I said, moving his hands away from his now flaccid organ.
As I performed a cursory examination of his genitals I saw him give Cheryl a wink. She smiled and gently rubbed her hand over his chest.
"You're lucky that thing didn't tear off your damned cock!" Barney said, peeking over my shoulder.
"I warned you about that thing sis," I heard Bonnie say from behind some women. "You should have taken it apart years ago."
I ran my hands up and down the length of his shaft feeling for any bumps or contusions. "Yes, yes, yes, I know."
Marlene looked worried. "Is he going to be all right?"
"There doesn't seem to be anything wrong that I can tell," I replied. "Are you experiencing any pain?" I asked him.
"No, but my testicles feel kind of full."
"Let me see," I said, raising his cock up and out of the way.
"Oh man!" Adam exclaimed.
"Mom, look!" Jill said, pointing at Craig's crotch.
As I took his balls in my hands I allowed my fingers to examine each testicle and was happy to find that there didn't seem to be any problems. However, his sac was suddenly expanding at an exponential rate. Right before everyone's eyes the young man's scrotum ballooned to three times its normal size, and as I continued to examine him I knew that he was on the verge of another attack.
"I'm feeling like I have to beat off again Dr. Swensen," he said sitting up.
"It's the adrenalin kicking in," I said. "Everybody back off!"
At my orders the audience made a hasty retreat back to their seats. Craig looked down at his swelling sac with horror, trying to will, as he had done before, the monster away. But now, his prick, in answer to the sudden increase in sperm production, began to swell also, looming out and over his balls like a drawbridge on its inexorable ascent skyward.
"I don't think I can stop it this time!" he said, his body shaking violently.
"My poor Craig!" Cheryl groaned.
I was kneeling to Craig's immediate right with Rebecca to my left. Behind us stood Jennifer, Michelle, and Bonnie, their faces expressing deep concern. Lynette, still keeping his head cradled in her bosom, supported his upper body with both arms, Maria, Marlene, and Sylvia standing directly behind her. Cheryl kneeled at his left, and behind her stood Sheila, Jill, and Laura. The two girls were very quiet now.
"You've got to get this guy to cum!" Bonnie said.
"Yes," I agreed, "and we have no time to waste."
"What do you mean Christiana?" Michelle asked.
"Look!" I said, as his cock continued to snake outwards. "It's growing again."
We all watched in horror as the young man's penis flexed and throbbed.
"No! Not again!" Craig cried.
"Do you see?" I said, lifting the base of his penis in my hands. "Something is happening here."
My colleagues drew closer to inspect his genitals but timidly backed off when his cock suddenly jumped.
"Go ahead." I said to them. "Don't be afraid. Look!"
As I lifted his penis higher my colleagues and all the other women gasped.
"Jesus fucking Christ!" Bonnie exclaimed. "What the fuck is that?"
Craig was now, of course, greatly alarmed, as he watched his cock miraculously extend itself beyond its former dimensions.
"What's going on?" he said through chattering teeth. "What's happening to me?"
"I don't see anything," Cheryl said.
"Look right here," I said, positioning his prick to one side. "Do you see it?"
"See what?" the young man exclaimed. "For Christ's sake, tell me what it is!"
Cheryl stifled a cry. "Oh, my God!"
"What? What is it?" he cried.
"The growth hormone is acting up again," I said, as I watched his penis expand before my eyes. "I think you've put on a few more inches Craig."
"This is too fucking much," Rebecca said, with amazement.
"It's like we're in some damned horror movie," Lynette offered.
Even as we spoke his cock grew longer and longer. It was as if I we were watching a plant grow from a seedling to maturity in the span of a few moments. He was unable to come to terms with what he saw happening between his legs and turned his head away, trying to blot the terrifying image from view.
"Oh, God!" he wailed. "This can't be happening to me!"
"Can't you do something for him doctor?" Cheryl pleaded.
"Not until I can study the samples we've taken."
"But what's going to happen to him? Is he just going to keep getting bigger?"
"I don't know."
"This is the strangest thing I've ever seen," Sheila said. "It's almost fiendish."
All of us tried our best to keep Craig calm, but it was Cheryl's presence and loving attention that eventually succeeded in helping him to relax. And during that time his cock had grown several more inches, so that it was now sticking straight up, parallel to his face and only a few inches from his nose. The sight of it was so absurd as to make it laughable.
When he had quieted down a bit I asked Lynette to hand me her tape measure. I placed the end of the tape at the base of his cock and raised my other hand, stopping at the tip.
"This is astounding," I said, as I pulled the tape away. "Nineteen inches exactly!"
Everyone gasped.
"Holy shit!" Barney exclaimed, from his seat in the audience.
Craig said nothing. As far as he was concerned, his penis had betrayed him, or rather, EJAX-472 had.
"Look at this thing!" he said with disgust. What am I going to do? I can't live like this." He gave me a look of entreaty. "Dr. Swensen, you've got to do something!"
"Until I synthesize the vaccine, there's nothing I can do. And that's going to take several days."
He looked defeated.
"However, it seems as though your penis has stopped growing."
"I don't think it could grow any more, could it doctor?" Cheryl asked.
"Let's not wait to find out. Maria, get me a tube of that special extended masturbation cream. We need to get rid of his semen now."
She ran toward the supply cabinet and came back holding a small tube in her hands. She handed it to me while staring at Craig's monstrosity, all the while trying vainly to suppress a chuckle.
"It's not funny you know," Cheryl admonished her.
"Sorry," Maria said, trying to act contrite.
Sheila knelt down to get a better look at the incredible phenomenon that reached up between Craig's legs like a modern-day skyscraper.
"The excess of sperm could be a factor in the growth increase Chris," she said, touching the underside of his shaft.
"That's what I'm thinking. That's why the sooner his balls are drained, the better."
"If you don't mind I'd like to do the honors, or at least start him off."
"Is that okay with you Craig?" I asked him.
"I guess so," he replied weakly.
"Dr. Ford has had a lot of experience in dealing with the male reproductive system. And she's good with her hands."
Bonnie smirked at my comment.
"My mother's an expert at giving handjobs," Jill said with pride.
"The best," Laura quipped.
This time it was Michelle who smirked.
"I have an idea," Jennifer said suddenly. "This poor boy has gone through hell today. Why don't we just take turns masturbating him? Sheila can start off, and then we'll pass the cock around, so to speak. Whoever has their hands on him when he starts to shoot gets a free dinner on me. What do you say Craig? Would you like to have all of us help you get off?"
"You're unbelievable!" Michelle said. "This isn't a game!"
"No, Michelle, she's got a point," Sheila replied. "He needs—in fact, all of us need—to have a little harmless fun. I think it would be very good for his mental health, not to mention that it may help slow the progression of the growth hormone."
"Do whatever you have to, just make it stop," Craig said, looking from face to face. "Is it okay with you Cheryl?"
The fact that he had considered the girl's feelings suddenly endeared him to everyone.
"As long as you don't make a habit of it," she said, smiling gently.
"You advocate an unusual form of therapy doctor," I said to Sheila, "but what the hell. At this point I'm willing to try anything. Get him on the table!"
Lynette and several of her crew helped Craig to his feet and onto the examining bench. This was a special device that I had designed to my own specifications, which allowed easy access to the subject's genitals via cutouts on both sides of table. The surface was made of plush, dark-green leather instead of the cold metallic surfaces so dreaded by many patients. Onto this table he was raised with his feet facing the audience. I had Lynette elevate the table slightly so that his head was partially raised, giving him an unimpeded view of his lower body. His cock was still fully erect, the balls so full with sperm that they rested on his thighs like two small cantaloupes, one of each side.
The idea was that each of the women would, in turn, have one minute each in which to produce an ejaculation. If she failed, the next woman in line would take over until he achieved orgasm. As the special tube of cream was passed around, each of the women applied some to her hands, rubbing the silky, fragrant lotion between their fingers and looking at Craig's huge penis with anticipation. In a few minutes everyone was prepared and ready to begin. Sheila took her position next to the boy.
"I'm ready Chris," she said, as she brought both hands to bear on Craig's penis.
"Craig? Are you ready?" I asked.
"Ready, doctor," he replied quietly, as he prepared himself for the initial shock of having Sheila's cool fingers wrap themselves around his red-hot cock.
"Very well. If you ladies will form a line on either side of the subject, we can begin."
The women eagerly lined up on both sides of Craig, Cheryl on the opposite side of Sheila.
"If you can hold off until it's my turn again," she said to Craig, "that would be great."
"You each will have sixty seconds," I said looking at my watch. "Good luck ladies and have fun!"
I nodded to Sheila to proceed.
She let her left hand drop down to grasp whatever portion of his immense sac that she could and began kneading it like a loaf of bread.
"This will help drive the sperm upward," she said softly, as her right hand now grabbed his huge shaft just under the bloated crown.
As Sheila pulled and tugged on his testicles, she began masturbating him with only her index finder and thumb, which she deftly applied to rubbing the sensitive glans.
Jennifer laughed. "I've seen you use that technique before. On the video right?"
"It's very effective, but you can't apply too much pressure or the area will become desensitized."
Craig moaned.
"It feels great," he said in a dreamy voice.
"Now you just relax Craig," Rebecca said, "and let us take care of things. You'll need all your energy for your ejaculation."
The handsome young boy was quiet after that, watching silently as Sheila's talented hands teased and coaxed his rigid pole. He would let out a soft moan every so often when she did something that particularly stirred him, but otherwise kept his attention focused on the overpowering feelings that were being brought forth by my colleague's assiduous ministrations of his genitals.
He closed his eyes for a moment and felt a new sensation coming over him. He opened his eyes to see Cheryl now hard at work on his cock, using both of her small, but delicate hands to embrace the soft, yet rock-hard flesh of his burning penis. Her style was quite different from Sheila's, employing a fast, jerking motion with both hands wrapped tightly around his cock closer to its base and avoiding the problematical glans altogether.
"God, it's like a baseball bat!" she laughed, as her whole upper body moved in tandem with her robust stroking of him.
The audience was relatively quiet during this final part of the test. Even the men seemed unusually subdued, preferring to watch Craig's masturbation in silence rather than risk missing anything by talking to one another. The women, too, were engrossed by the spectacle and made only a few comments now and then regarding each woman's particular technique—or lack of it. I saw Janine resting her head on Barney's shoulder. She had fallen asleep.
"Next!" I said.
Rebecca moved to occupy Sheila's previous post and wasted no time in taking over from Cheryl. She had put one huge glob of lotion of her hand, which she now applied to the tip of Craig's cock and quickly worked it into his already glistening skin with a few agile hand motions. Craig moaned with pleasure as Rebecca's long and lovely fingers rode up and down his pole in gloriously deliberate and firm strokes that began at the bottom of his shaft and rose slowly up to the tip.
"I can't get over the size of this thing," she said, using her entire upper arm to effectively stoke him. "It's like jerking off a horse!"
"He's probably going to cum like one too," Maria said wryly, getting ready to take over from her friend.
"Ten seconds more," I announced.
Rebecca gave Craig's cock several quick and blistering strokes before relinquishing her prize to Maria.
"Here," she said. "Have fun!"
The tall pole teetered back and forth as Rebecca gave it a final jerk in Maria's direction.
The slick, stiff rod glistened like a well-oiled piston as Maria continued in much the same manner as Rebecca's effervescent stroking. Her long, dark hair fell about the upper portion of his cock as she bent over him and kissed and licked the area around his pubes. Craig sighed softly as he felt the young woman's hot breath upon his most private areas, her tongue eventually finding its way to his burgeoning sac. She took one of his testicles in his mouth and gently sucked on it as her hand maintained a constant tempo on his cock.
"Gee," Jennifer said, watching Maria enjoy her prize. "Is this allowed Christiana? I thought it was hands only."
"You're just jealous because you didn't think of it first," Michelle said.
"Since the idea is to get him to cum, I would advise all of you to simply do whatever it takes," I said.
Maria removed her head from the tangle of pubic hair, her lips slick with the aromatic lotion.
"There's a lot of tension in those balls I can tell you that," she said. "You can feel it."
In a few moments her time was up and she passed the huge phallus into Jennifer's eager hands.
"Thank you," Jennifer said with a smile, as both of her tiny hands closed around the fleshy tool. "My, you're right Maria. This poor boy is tense!"
Her hands roamed around the length and breadth of him, her fingers dancing lightly over the landscape of his loins.
"Remarkable control. You'd think he would've given in to the drug by now."
Her fingers continued to tease the underside of his corona.
"Obviously he's fighting it," Bonnie said, intrigued by Jennifer's unusual technique.
"Yes, he is," she replied. "You want to make it last, don't you Craig?"
She gripped his cock firmly then and ran her hand from base to tip with one swift motion.
"Oh, it's so big!" she cooed.
Jennifer continued to find new and inventive ways to stroke the mighty tool, now completely surrendered to her control, as the seconds passed away. The women and I watched her perform her singular hand tricks totally captivated.
"I think it's my turn Dr. Swensen," Laura said suddenly.
"Oh, I'm sorry," I said. "Jennifer, if you please."
"Okay," she said, letting go of her treasure. "And I was just getting to the good part."
Laura quickly rubbed her hands together and placed both of them around Craig's tool. Keeping them tightly fastened just under the tip of his shaft, she began to jerk him with short, intense bursts.
"Come on Craig," she said coaxing him. "Let's see what you have in there."
She kept her rhythm consistent and, unlike Jennifer, never varied her attack. In a short while, Craig was lifting his mid-section up in an effort to fuck her hands.
"I want to see some sperm right now," the sexy teen demanded, as her grip tightened. "I want to see it splash all over my fingers."
"Yes, yes...!" he cried.
Whether it was due to the previous teasing or her own simple but insistent technique, she had him rocking his hips up and down like a bucking bronco. I saw a few unhappy expressions and I knew some of the older women were jealous of the brash teenager and her blunt but effective skills.
Reveling in her newfound power over him, Laura looked up into Marlene's sneering face, now looking down upon the scene from her position across the table. The young girl shot her a prideful look and suddenly ran her tongue over the tip of the giant cock in a silent but provocative victory salute.
"Time's up!" I said.
Reluctantly, Laura removed her slick fingers from Craig's prick, disappointed that she had not provoked an orgasm.
"Sometimes these things require a mature woman's touch," Marlene said, looking directly at Laura.
Holding the base of his cock tightly with one hand, she used the other to masturbate him using long, broad strokes; as if her hand were a brush and his penis were the canvas. She kept a loose grip upon him, letting her hand slowly, methodically, run up and down the shaft, sometimes gripping him from a different angle but always maintaining a light, feathery touch.
Craig responded to her manipulations with silence, as if he had become unable to expend any effort for anything except the immediate evacuation of the agitated sperm that her hands were now coaxing from deep within him.
"See, I told you," Marlene laughed. "He's going to cum for mommy aren't you little boy?"
I thought he was going to shoot his load right then, but Marlene's time was up. With a curse she released his cock and stood aside looking very upset.
Jill, happy that she now had Craig's immense tool all to herself, looked at her mother.
"Mom," she began, "how do you do it again? Like this?"
Jill held Craig's prick at the bottom with one hand and with the other she used just her index finger to run up and down the underside of the shaft, paying strict attention to the glans.
"That's it honey," Sheila said. "Just like I showed you."
"This is fun!" the teenager said, briskly moving her finger back and forth along the tender and firm skin.
Laura moved in closer to watch. "How does that feel Craig?" she asked.
"Mmm..." was all he could reply.
"I think he likes it, Jill," Laura said, sniggering.
For the next minute Jill masturbated him this way, encouraging him to cum with lewd talk. But her words and index finger were not proving effective.
"Oh, Craig my time's almost up and you're still not cumming!" she protested.
Laura laughed. "Maybe next time."
"Sylvia, it's your turn," I said.
Jill and Laura walked away together, both of them looking disappointed, as Sylvia now took possession of the penis. She wrapped her fingers around the middle of the shaft feeling it throb in her hands. It felt white hot to the touch.
"He looks like he's in pain doctor," she said to me.
"No, he's fine. He's just getting ready for the big explosion."
"Oh," was all she said.
Her manner of masturbating him was quite unorthodox, even for a woman who had once confessed to me that she had very kinky tastes. Her hands were all over him, not just his cock, but all over his balls and pubic area. She never really got to stroking him at all, letting her hands play frivolously in and around his genital area without once making any real serious contact. I wondered how this was supposed to produce an orgasm, but after thirty seconds of this Craig did indeed respond and was thrusting his cock upward to meet her outstretched palm.
"Are you going to get my fingers all sticky?" she teased him.
The tip of his prick was now sliding in between her open fist.
"That's it. Keep going. I think he's going to cum!"
"Sorry Sylvia," I said. "Your time is up."
"Oh no!" she moaned. "It's not enough time!"
"Those are the rules. Your turn Lynette."
Sylvia walked over to Marlene, muttering under breath.
Lynette reached over and grabbed Craig's cock. Before masturbating him, she bent down and kissed the boy passionately on the mouth.
"Time to give it up baby. Lynette's gonna make you cum now."
Her long fingers grasped its prey and held it fast, jerking it with a steady and unrelenting pace. She again lowered her lips onto his as she simultaneously played with his cock. He seemed to be enjoying it immensely, but despite her efforts Craig still would not cum.
"What's wrong with you baby?" she said to him. "I thought you liked me."
"I do," he said dreamily. "But these one-minute handjobs are just teases. I need a little more stimulation."
"You're not going to need any more stimulation now that I'm here," Michelle said, taking over.
She now had a choice to make. Seeing that Bonnie was standing across from her and next in line, she could either make a go for it and hopefully get Craig off, or simply relax and wait until the next round. However, seeing that the boy was quite excited already and needing just the right amount of stimulation to bring him to orgasm, she decided to go for broke. With her competitor now only a few feet away and watching her every move, Michelle began stroking him.
Resting one hand on the area just above his pubes for support, she grasped his penis in her right hand and delivered a blistering handjob. Her fist literally flew up and down his cock with tremendous speed and agility, causing him to jerk his body up and down in time with her hand movements. It looked quite funny to see him move his body in such a fashion, in obedience to the will of her all-powerful hand. She didn't say anything to him. She didn't have to. Her hands alone were all that was needed now.
"Ah, there's the pre-cum," she said smiling as his body started to stiffen up. Seeing this, she stroked him even harder.
"A few more, that's all I need. Just a few..."
"Michelle!" I said.
"Almost there!"
"Your time is up!"
Bonnie reached over and closed her fist over Michelle's. "One minute remember?"
Michelle gave Bonnie a mean look and pulled away. "Don't you dare cum for her Craig, now that I got you all primed," she said with exasperation.
Bonnie paid her no attention. She simply smiled at Craig, opened her mouth wide, and lowered her head onto his cock. She absorbed more than half of his length in one swift motion.
"This is supposed to be a 'handjob' contest Bonnie!" Michelle said.
With that, my sister, keeping her mouth exactly where it was, gripped Craig's shaft with both hands and jerked him wildly back and forth between her lips. He responded by raising his lower body high off the table to force as much of himself into her mouth. I saw her pull back a little then to prevent herself from choking, but her tongue continued to snake itself around the head and shaft, tickling, sucking, demanding the contents of his tortured balls.
Her hands were now a blur upon his cock and even Michelle had to admire her adversary's technique, which allowed no room for failure.
"Wow!" Jill said. "You're going to make him to cum Ms. Olmstead!"
Bonnie had less than fifteen seconds left. Her lips were now dripping with the first faint traces of semen.
"Getting ready Craig?" Sheila taunted the boy, as she put her arms around his shoulder for added support.
Craig could not speak. He could only look down at the incredible sight of Bonnie's beautiful profile half buried in his crotch, his prick teased and coaxed beyond all endurance by her irresistible sucking motions and her impeccable handjob.
"There go his balls!" Jennifer squealed, as Craig felt his testicles rise up into his body.
Bonnie's mouth was now awash in sperm. His orgasm was only seconds away now, but the clear fluid had already begun pumping out in tiny rivulets, adding both a frothy luster to his shaft and increased lubrication. Without warning, she lifted her mouth off his pole and shouted for Michelle to help her bring him off.
"It's too late Bonnie," I said. "Time's up!"
"Oh, fuck it sis," she said as she continued to pump him. "It's too late. He's cumming."
Michelle joined Bonnie opposite Craig.
"Are you sure?" she asked Bonnie, hesitating to touch the boy.
"You got him primed. It's only fair."
Michelle smiled. "Okay, let's go girl."
"Cheryl, get your hands in here!" Bonnie said.
Reaching around Bonnie, Cheryl now added her little hand to the two fists already pumping.
"Come on Craig!" Cheryl shouted. "Let it out baby!"
The audience at this point began to liven up in response to the action taking place on the platform. All the men, especially Adam and Barney, were very vocal, encouraging their young friend to "shoot a fucking big load" as they put it. Janine had woken up and was now staring blankly at the crazed group of women surrounding Craig, her eyes half open. Denise, Priscilla, and Ann however were cheering Craig on, having waited patiently to see some results.
""We want to see if you can reach us Craig!" Denise yelled, extending her legs toward him in invitation.
"Yeah, soak her dress!" Stuart shouted.
Seeing that the boy was now ready to erupt, and that the women wanted to take part in his orgasm, I told all of them to join in.
"What the hell," I said moving close to Bonnie. "I believe in the hands-on approach. Let's give him the grand finale ladies!"
I placed my hand over my sister's and soon all the other women were fighting to get their hands on the boy. With some deft maneuvering, Craig watched in absolute fascination as thirteen pairs of female hands lay hold of his greasy, sperm-swollen tool, stroking him furiously from base to tip. I will never forget the look on his face as he saw the swarm of female bodies closing in on him, some old, some young; all determined to make him cum.
In those first few moments just before he started to ejaculate, I watched each hand do its work. No longer was each woman employing her own particular style. Instead, each hand was acting in tandem with the others, rising and falling in rapid tempo, their owner's faces laughing and joking about the abnormal size of the thing they were stroking, and betting with each other as to how far the cum would travel and where it would land.
"Aim it straight out," I said. "Let's see if we can hit Janine in the eyes."
Everyone laughed, but Janine found the idea threatening enough to offer a reply.
"You ain't aimin' no thing like that at me!" she said, as she quickly got up and hurried off to one side.
Barney laughed aloud. "Get back here woman," he said. "He can't reach this far."
"That's what you say," she replied adamantly. "I already got hit once, remember?"
"I'm sorry baby," he said. "It wasn't intentional."
She shrugged. "You and your sperm!"
I noticed that Cheryl kept turning around to look at Craig, but he was in another world. She spoke to him several times but he could not hear her amidst all the laughing and shouting going on around her. All the women were now acting like frenzied participants in a sporting event, making lewd comments to one another even as they masturbated the giant prick.
Cheryl's little, dainty fingers were positioned just under the corona, her thumb resting upon his glans. Her nails had had been bitten down from worry over his earlier experiences, but the loveliness of her hand was not diminished. In the end, it was her thumb's manipulation of his sensitive underside that finally drove him over the edge.
"Aw! Christ!" he screamed.
Knowing that he was now on the verge of orgasm made all of us increase our tempo. Marlene bent over and stuck one of her tits in his mouth. Sheila did the same. It was too much for him.
"I feel it coming!" Jennifer shouted.
"Me too!" said Laura.
"Shoot that fucking cum you little fuck!" Bonnie said, as she put her other hand over mine and jacked him furiously.
All the boy's frustration, expectation, and torment seemed to rush through his balls in a single moment of time. Like a volcano that had been seething for centuries until the culmination of years and circumstance had forced all the accumulated contents to be expelled in a single eruption, so was his cock now ready to perform its inexorable duty. And sensing that the sperm was now on its way, Bonnie wrapped her lovely lips around the mouth of the volcano and sucked in hard, then licked the tip of his cock as a final coup de grace.
She had pulled away none to soon.
From where the audience sat, it must have seemed as if someone had suddenly turned a fire hose on them. The force of his first ejaculation was amazingly powerful, forcing some women to momentarily lose their grip on his penis. What started out as two separate streams of cum suddenly coalesced a few feet further into a solid mass of pasty, white goo that hurtled an incredible thirty feet out and over the heads of the startled audience. Janine, who had moved away in an attempt to avoid getting hit, was the first to taste the young man's creamy white effluence as a great portion of it found its way onto her face and hair. She screamed and cursed as she ran hurriedly out the door. Barney and the others were in hysterics.
Denise, who had taunted Craig just minutes earlier, was the next in line to get doused. Firing off a remarkable three-tiered stream of cum, she was hit in several places all at once, soaking her from head to toe.
"He got me!" she screamed with laughter.
My own hands were completely drenched in sperm, as was everyone else's. It seemed that despite the fact that most of his juices were being expelled out toward the audience, a still greater amount was just dribbling out the tip with each spurt, forming a sea of white cream over all our fingers and hands. The warm, sticky sperm felt pleasant on my hands and I could tell that the women were enjoying every moment of my participation—especially Bonnie, who had always felt that I was too "emotionally detached" to permit myself to enjoy taking an active part in my own experiments. She looked at me now with a huge devilish grin, her hands bathed in cum right along with mine.
"I feel another burst coming on!" Cheryl exclaimed.
"No sooner had she said that then Craig's excited tool ejected another massive load of semen that landed a few feet from where Barney and Adam were sitting.
"Nice shot Craig!" Jeffrey yelled, as he moved his chair further back.
Marlene suddenly surged forward and dropped her head onto the spurting tool.
"Oh, my God Marlene!" Sylvia exclaimed.
She didn't have time to say anything else because the next round of cum splashed wildly into her friend's open mouth, the force of the ejaculate bouncing off the roof of her mouth and ricocheting off her tongue and onto her lips. Before she could pull away, the next stream hit her full in the face and she laughed as the hot cream bathed her features with a thick coating of white.
"There's so much!" she said, lifting her head away just as another jet of semen was launched into space.
Marlene held the residue of sperm in her mouth and offered her slimy gift to Sylvia, who opened her mouth as Marlene let the slimy goo drop from her lips. Rebecca asked for and got a portion of the white cream for herself, tilting her head back lazily, allowing the sperm to slide down her throat. Maria also received a small offering of the creamy liquid by licking the stuff off Marlene's face. Finally, after she felt she had enough in her mouth, she swallowed the entire load in one gulp and laughed.
"I love this!" she said, as she resumed pumping the huge, climaxing prick.
During his orgasm, I kept my eye on Craig to make certain that he was not in any difficulty. Halfway through his orgasm, he finally opened his eyes and was amazed to see that the floor in front of him was now a lake of sperm. He looked at me in wonder, unaware that I had partaken in his masturbation. But he was still ejaculating, and his attention soon returned to his cock and the multitude of hands that were expertly divesting him of his sperm.
"Oops!" Jennifer said. "I can feel our boy is getting ready to shoot..."
She was quickly interrupted by a short, but intense, burst of white that splashed into the palms of several outstretched hands.
"God, that boy can shoot a load!" Lynette said, following the stream of whitish paste.
"I can't believe how much there is!" Sheila remarked, as she watched his prick fire off another astonishing patchwork of milky globules into the air.
Michelle started rubbing his massive balls, trying to induce yet another series of climaxes.
"Come on you two," she said to Jill and Laura. "Help me out here."
The teenagers jumped right in, using both hands to force the remainder of his cream up and out of the gaping hole atop his cock. There was another contraction and then a furious eruption of semen that shot out at tremendous speed, startling everyone.
"Where the fuck did it go?" Bonnie laughed.
Suddenly the audience grew quiet. Thinking that maybe something had gone wrong, I removed my hand and looked out into the crowd shielding my eyes from the intense floodlights above.
"Did anybody see where it went?" I asked.
Somebody cursed.
"What's going on?" I asked again, this time more loudly.
"That's her!" I heard a voice say. "That's the gringo bitch."
I stepped forward out of the light and noticed three figures standing close together near the milking platform. Two of the men were tall, but the one in the middle was of average height.
"Hello, Dr. Swensen. Remember me?"
A horrible sinking feeling came over me.
"Luis?" I said, walking closer to him. "Is that you?"
As my eyes adjusted to the light I saw that it was indeed the little Hispanic runt, the man who had been the cause of so much of my misery. His entire body was covered in sperm and he was angry.
"Congratulations Dr. Swensen," said the tall man to my left. "Your drug is quite impressive." I noticed that he was trying hard to keep from laughing at Luis' unexpected christening. "My name is Lt. Endland and this is my partner Sgt. Richter. You already know Luis."
The little man glowered at me. "Somebody get me a fucking towel!"
"Doctor," Endland said, "can you please get something to dry him off?"
I motioned to Lynette who quickly came running with a towel.
"Craig has stopped ejaculating doctor," she said, eyeing Luis coolly.
"Have your girls take care of him and then have them clean up this mess."
As she turned I quickly grabbed her arm.
"Get those samples out of the building fast!" I whispered.
"Yes, doctor."
I handed Luis the towel, which he roughly grabbed from my hands.
"May I ask what this is all about?" I said.
"You are under arrest Dr. Swensen. That's what this is all about," said the Sergeant.
"Under arrest?" I said, shocked. "For what?"
"For administering a drug that is harmful and untested. We call it 'reckless endangerment.'"
"This is ridiculous!" I said, as my colleagues began to come up behind me. "I have not broken any laws."
Philip, who had remained almost invisible during Craig's finale, suddenly spoke up.
"Do you know who I am Lieutenant?"
"Yes sir, I do."
"Then I am ordering you to walk out the door and take this little piece of shit with you."
Luis shot Philip a hateful glance as he wiped the remainder of Craig's sperm from his face and neck.
"It's too late for that now, Mr. Olmstead," Sgt. Richter said with a frown. "Mr. Hernandez has told us everything, and we have obtained solid evidence that you have been dealing drugs in the international market. You can consider yourself under arrest as well."
"You're going to arrest me?" Philip said, outraged. "I'll get my attorneys on your backs so fast you'll wish you were still walking a beat!"
Endland smirked. "I don't think that's going to happen sir. Please get dressed and come with me. You, too, doctor Swensen."
By this time my colleagues and the members of audience had formed into a small crowd behind me. Bonnie stared coldly at the trio of men, her eyes finally settling upon the little man in the middle.
"How was your stroll through the apple orchard Luis?" she said, barely concealing a sneer.
His dark eyes flashed. "This is the bitch that shot me out of the cannon," he said to the detectives. "You should arrest her too."
"Oh, fuck you Luis," she spat. "You deserved what you got."
With a sudden thrust of his upper body, he broke free of Richter's grasp and threw his body against Bonnie's in one violent motion, causing her to fall back into me.
"Fuck me?" he screamed. "I'll fuck you!"
As his hands were handcuffed together, he had to resort to using his elbows as weapons, poking her in the chest and stomach repeatedly.
Just then Rebecca came up through the crowd and delivered a sharp kick to his balls. He dropped to the floor clutching his groin, cursing and writhing in agony. Infuriated, Bonnie drew her arm back and slapped the fallen man hard across his face.
"If you ever touch me again, I'll tear your fucking heart out you miserable piece of filth!"
"That's enough!" Endland said, as he reached out his arms to restrain her.
Richter helped the little man to his feet.
"Another incident like that," he said to Luis, "and you can forget about your amnesty."
The hurt man said nothing, but his painful expression spoke for itself.
"Oh, that's just great!" Bonnie said, her face red with anger. "This little asshole is going to get off the hook, but my husband and sister are going to jail. What the fuck kind of justice is that?"
Endland showed no expression. His stolid demeanor would not be swayed by harsh words or threats.
"I've had enough of you, too, miss," he said to Bonnie. "I'm putting you under arrest as well."
Bonnie looked at him incredulously. "Why not?" she said sarcastically. "Why not arrest us all? Look," she said pointing to John Cardelli, "here's someone else you can arrest. He's wanted too, isn't he?"
Endland's eyes focused on John who was standing at the back of the crowd.
"Is that you Cardelli?" the Lieutenant asked.
"Yes, Lieutenant. It's me."
"Right now you're free on bail, but I wouldn't go too far if I were you."
Philip was fuming, his mind racing.
"What happened to police chief Olsen? Where are Lt. Jorgen and his staff? Tell me!"
"They've all been incriminated, just like you," Endland replied with a look of satisfaction on his face. "We have evidence linking them with this entire drug and sex operation of yours. You have no more power within the police force, Mr. Olmstead, or with any politicians at all. Everyone of them has been subpoenaed."
"You mean you arrested the Mayor himself?"
"He's being prosecuted as we speak."
Philip looked at Bonnie, unable to comprehend the magnitude of the earth-shattering news. She looked at him dumbly, not knowing what to say.
"The Mayor was a good man," he muttered. "He always did us a lot of favors."
Endland chuckled. "It seems your wife did him a lot of favors too, I understand."
A vicious scowl came across Philip's face just then and I watched in horror as he flung himself at Endland, reaching for the tall man's throat.
"How dare you insult my wife to my face you son of a bitch!" he shouted, trying to get his hands around Endland's neck.
The detective fell back, reeling from the attack, but Richter quickly grabbed both of Philip's arms and pushed him to the ground. Bonnie knelt over her fallen husband, cradling his head in her hands. He had only suffered some minor bruises, but he was in some pain. She looked at the two tall men with contempt.
"You're going to pay for this, I swear," she said menacingly.
Michelle stepped forward, regarding the two officers with disdain.
"My name is Michele Olsen. I am a doctor at the University. I don't know the extent of Mr. Olmstead's so-called crimes, but I do know that Christiana—Dr. Swensen—is innocent. My other colleagues and I will testify on her behalf."
"Whatever you have to say can be said in a court of law," Endland replied, coldly.
Jennifer, Sheila, and Rebecca seconded her sentiments with loud protests until the entire crowd got caught up in the demonstration.
"This is a good woman!" Barney said to Endland. "Why you wanna arrest her for? She's only tryin' to help us out."
I saw Craig suddenly run up from behind us, now fully dressed, a worried expression on his face. He was breathing hard.
"Lynette tried to leave by the back door but the police caught her. They took the samples."
I shook my head numbly. The only hope for a normal sexual life for these men had just disappeared out the back door. Without those samples the side effects of EJAX-472 would continue unabated for some time, impacting upon their lives in ways that even I could not imagine.
"I want everyone to remain exactly where they are until we've had a chance to sort all this out," Endland said.
He signaled to several officers who were waiting by the lab entrance.
"Okay, boys," he said, looking at me, Bonnie, and Philip. "Let's get these three out of here."
The officers moved down upon Philip in a flash, cuffing his hands amidst Bonnie's protestations. As she watched him being led away, another officer placed a set of cuffs around her wrists. She looked at me with a look of despair, tears flowing down her flushed cheeks.
And then it was my turn to have the cold, metallic cuffs placed over my own shaking hands. Me, of all people, who had only sought to do good, was now being led away like a common criminal.
"Let's go Luis," Richter said. "You're going too."
"Oh, fuck man," he replied, still grasping his crotch. "I don't want to go back to that stinking jail!"
"Shut up or I'll make you walk all the way back!" the officer warned.
Michelle put her hand in mine.
"I am going to rally support for you Chris. Don't worry. We're all on your side."
"That's right," Rebecca said. "Don't let these assholes fuck with your head Christiana. Remember you're innocent."
"Innocent," Jennifer repeated. "Did you hear that doctor?"
"I heard it," I said feebly.
Maria and Cheryl came up to me and put their arms around me. Cheryl was crying.
"I can't believe they're doing this to you," she said, her voice breaking. "You didn't do anything wrong."
"Don't cry, Cheryl. Everything is going to be all right. You'll see."
"We'll take care of everything while you're away. I promise," Maria said, kissing me on the cheek.
Rebecca, who usually let nothing get to her, put her hands on both of her friends' shoulders, fighting valiantly to ward off the tears.
"Keep you head up Chris," she said. "The three of us will keep things running around here."
"I'm not worried Rebecca," I replied, my throat tightening up. "You girls are like my Three Musketeers."
And then, to my surprise, the tears came, flowing freely down my face as if a dam had burst. Rebecca threw her arms around me and held me tight. My dearest friend, the one who had always been the strongest of us all, was now mingling her own tears with mine.
But our show of affection was short lived. Bonnie was being led away, and I felt the hands of the officers separate me from my friends.
"Can you believe this sis?" Bonnie wailed as she was escorted to the outer door ahead of me. "My poor husband! My God! What are we going to do?"
"Don't worry Bonnie!" Michelle called after her. "I'll call your attorney!"
Amidst all the tears and confusion, I was aware of a voice chattering in some foreign tongue, acting as a subtle counterpoint to the misery taking place. Then I heard a sadistic laugh.
"I'll break you like a stick!" it said, filled as it was with utter contempt.
I looked down at the little insect of a thing that had tried to pass itself off as a man and spat directly in its face.
"And I'm going to crush you like a bug!"
Richter jerked the insect by the arm before the foul creature could say or do anything, and pushed him out toward the door.
"If I hear another word out of you Luis," said the detective, "I'm going to kick you in the same place those women did."
The two of them disappeared out the door.
Then it was my turn.
With an officer on each side of me, I was gently escorted out. Behind me I was leaving a group of sorrowful, discouraged faces as I began my painful trek toward a sea of blue uniforms. I saw "Big" Barney hugging his wife Janine, his normal jovial appearance now reduced to little more than a frown. Stuart and Denise, Jeffrey and Priscilla, John and Ann—all of them stood next to each other hand in hand, offering words of encouragement to me as I passed by them. John looked especially unhappy, seeing his own chances of acquittal fading with my own incarceration. Adam stood next to Jill and Laura, all three looking bewildered and distressed.
"Good luck," Marlene said, reaching out her hand to touch my arm. "Michelle is right. We're all going to come to your aid, you'll see," she said, smiling feebly.
Sylvia just looked on, shaking her head in disbelief, not venturing to say a word.
At that point, Rebecca, Maria, and Cheryl made an attempt to follow me to the front entrance but were held back by Endland.
"I told you to stay here," he said to them. "And that goes for the rest of you."
Jennifer and Sheila spoke a few words to me as I was almost out the door but I didn't hear them. They looked defeated. Michelle stared after me, giving me the "thumbs up" in a gesture of hope, done more I supposed for her sake than mine. I wanted to tell all these people that I would be fine, but at that moment I wasn't so sure. I was, after all, going to jail. I felt like Dr. Frankenstein: done in by my own creation.
I saw my entire life pass before me in a flash, the transient images finally coming to an abrupt halt at the beginning of the seven-year period when I had made a major breakthrough with the development of EJAX-472. I knew then that I had hit upon something unique and wonderful—something that would earn me the recognition I had craved for so long. I saw Rebecca's beautiful face staring down at the jumble of equations that defined the schematic of the wonder drug, sensing her excitement as she painstakingly proofed every theorem until the parts of the whole were revealed to her in all their logical glory. I remembered how, in her exuberance at my discovery, she suddenly embraced me and held me a little too long for my comfort, and how she immediately knew this and drew away, still happy, but with a trace of regret. And despite knowing that she could never share that part of my life, she stayed on, working alongside of me year after year, with a sense of dedication that few employers had ever enjoyed or expected from their employees. She was my right hand and my loyal friend. And even now, as I looked upon her and the others with a mixture of sadness and defeat, I knew I could trust her to carry on with my work in order to keep the promise of EJAX-472 alive.
Suddenly the officer to my right stopped to answer his phone. For a few moments the three of us stood quietly as he paused to receive instructions.
"We're by the door now...yes, sir...Understood sir. We'll be quick."
He pocketed the phone and turned to the other officer.
"There's a few hundred people out there," he said. "Reporters, news people, everything. It's crazy. We'll have to use the rear exit instead."
'A few hundred people?' I thought. How was that possible? I could not fathom how so many people could congregate outside in such a short time. How could the media have possibly learned about the events taking place at my Clinic? Somebody must have tipped them off—but who?
We resumed our journey toward the outer hall in silence. Just as I was about to walk through the door of the lab, I turned instinctively one last time toward my friends, who were now huddled together in one corner being questioned by the police. Only one face looked up at that point to meet my gaze. It was Craig's. He was holding Cheryl's hand as she fielded some questions, still very much upset. For some strange reason, he was smiling at me. It was neither a smile of encouragement, nor one hinting of regret. It was rather a smile that denoted, strangely enough, a sense of victory. Or so I thought. Before I could ponder the matter further, the handsome face clouded over again as the barrage of questions continued. His was the last face I saw before I passed into the outer hall and into a waiting squad car.
End of Chapter 7