Chapter 2
Francine stepped out of her car and checked the address on the card. She hadn't been sure what she expected, but it wasn't an opulent three story building in an affluent neighborhood. She tried to muster the confidence she had last night but had difficulties. What seemed reasonable late at night after the best orgasm of her life didn't seem so reasonable in the bright morning light. Still, she resolved to be here and she didn't intend to back down now.
A short walkway split the postage sized yard in half. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath to steady her hammering heart. It took her an hour to choose the conservative suit she had on. Well, decide was a bit of a stretch. The gray on white outfit happened to be the last thing she tried on before running out of time.
They made her come her brains out then left a business card. What was up with that? Did she come here to get laid again or to talk about something completely different. Only one way to find out. She took a deep breath then looked up and down the tree lined street. Her finger shook a little as she rang the doorbell.
"Francine! I'm so glad you made it!" Cleo opened the door then stepped out to give Francine a hug. "I have to admit I doubted you'd come."
"Why am I here?" Francine followed her best friend into a small reception hall. A flight of stairs sat across from the door. "Are you going to . . . you know . . . again?" She glanced to her right and saw a modern and well equipped kitchen.
Cleo ignored her question as she led her left, into an expensive and formal sitting room.
"Ah, Francine, I knew you'd come." Sam stood up from the chair he lounged in and crossed the room to shake her hand.
"Liar," said Cleo. "He was as uncertain as me."
A second, much younger man stood up and shoved his hands in his pockets. He looked about as average as possible, and favored her with a shy smile, but didn't quite meet here eyes.
"Let me introduce you to James. James, this is Francine."
"Hello." The young man pulled his hand out of his pocket and started to extend it in her direction then hesitated. He tried to smile, but it looked more like a nervous grimace. He started to pull his hand back, then thrust it toward her a little further, then hesitated again.
Francine took pity on him and gave his hand a firm shake. "Glad to meet you, James." She placed him in his early twenties.
"Pleasure," he mumbled then took his hand back.
"Please, sit." Sam gestured to a chair which Francine accepted. Once she sat down everyone else took their seats.
"I have to know." Cleo leaned forward in her chair and stared at Francine with an intense, unblinking stare. "Did you enjoy last night?"
"Cleo, behave." Sam scowled at her.
"Don't look at me like that, you want to know as bad as I do."
"Yes, but Francine needs her space. I'm sure what happened last night has made her unsure of herself and her place in the world. We need to have patience."
"I..." Francine's cheeks heated almost painfully and she suddenly felt as shy as James. "I did. I enjoyed it very much."
"I'm glad." Sam's posture relaxed and a relieved smile played across his handsome features. "I have to admit I had concerns you'd react bad. No, not bad, but be angry with us."
"Why would I be angry?"
"We practically raped you."
Francine's nervousness escaped in a high pitched laugh. "Not hardly. I..." she wanted to say she came harder than she ever had before, but couldn't force the words past her lips. "I didn't feel raped."
"I knew you wouldn't," said Cleo.
"Cleo, we agreed I do the talking."
"I know, but-."
"No buts. Will it be easier if you leave?"
"Asshole." Cleo sighed and slumped back in her chair. She didn't sound angry or insulted, just impatient.
"Eloquent as always." Sam smiled fondly at his wife. Their words may have been harsh but anyone who knew them knew how they played, and knew they loved each other intensely.
Sam turned his attention back to Francine. "I know what happened last night was unexpected and perhaps invasive. Did it cause any problems with Will?"
"No!" Francine snapped her mouth closed on the blatant lie, though she didn't know what made it a lie. Sam looked at her with patience and gave an encouraging smile. Cleo opened her mouth but at the last moment forced herself to silence. James looked like he'd rather be in a combat zone.
Francine thought back to last night after the party. They arrived in different cars so they didn't suffer an uncomfortable ride home, but William's silence when they got ready for bed was crushing. "It didn't cause any problems we didn't already have." Away from the party, Francine felt awkward in the sexy dress. In an attempt to appease William, she changed out of it into her uncomfortable, concealing night gown . When she walked out of the bathroom, she found him staring at the dress. She had never seen such a look of contempt on his face before. Without a word he walked out of the house and Francine hoped he spent the night at a hotel. For all she knew he crashed and died; she couldn't relax until the next morning when she called his office and knew he arrived safe. "If anything, it made me see them clearly."
"I'm sorry to hear that, but I hope you understand it doesn't come as a surprise."
"No shit," said Cleo. "The man is a jerk."
"Cleo!" Sam's voice held real heat, more anger than Francine ever heard before.
Cleo flinched but nodded her head. "I'm sorry. I like Will, I really do, but the-."
"That's enough, Cleo." Sam didn't sound angry anymore but his voice held a definite tone of warning.
"I know, I know." Cleo sounded contrite and her gaze fell to the floor. "Sorry Francine, I didn't mean to insult your husband."
"It's ok," said Francine, wondering what was going on.
"What Cleo should have said is we see how Will treats you and we think it isn't right." Sam glanced at Cleo who nodded her agreement. "We both like him, in fact he's my best friend. But the love I have for him doesn't blind me to the way he treats you."
"It's just-."
"Stop," said Sam. "Francine, you don't need to defend him, I'm not attacking him. I love the man, but I can tell he doesn't love you the way he should. I want you to think about my next question before you answer it. You came your brains out last night. There's no denying it. My question is, do you want to come like that again?"
"Yes." Francine didn't need to think about it, she needed to re-experience what she felt last night more than she wanted her next breath. "Yes." She ignored the twinge of guilt worming through her stomach. She hated the resentment she felt for William, but knew the truth and refused to deny it to the people she felt safest around. "I want to feel that way again."
"I'm glad." Sam finally broke eye contact with Francine and exchanged a look with his wife. He looked relieved and a little eager. Francine couldn't decipher what that look meant but expected she'd find out soon enough. Cleo nodded and settled back into her chair. She looked like she wanted to say something but kept her mouth shut.
"We've noticed changes in you recently and we think we know what they mean." Sam leaned forward in his chair and clasped his hands between his knees. "You're a very sexual woman and it's obvious you've been denied your sexuality for a long time. We want to give it back to you. Cleo and I think you'll excel at giving people we know sexual pleasure. In exchange for giving them pleasure, you'll be very well paid."
Francine blinked, not sure she heard right. She waited a few beats for the punch line but Sam's serious expression made her wonder. "Are you asking me to be a hooker?" A nervous laugh bubbled out as the words left her mouth.
"Yes," said Sam. Cleo nodded her head.
Francine tried to say something, anything, but nothing came to mind.
"It's not the way it sounds, but at the most basic level you will provide sex for money."
"We're not asking you to go stand on a street corner." Cleo leaned forward. The excited gleam in her eyes made Francine nervous. She wanted Francine to do it and Cleo managed to talk her into any number of things. If Cleo put her considerable persuasiveness behind this idea . . .
"Cleo, we agreed not to pressure her."
"I'm not, but she needs details. Of all the ways to put it, that was the worst! You make it sound like-."
"Cleo." Sam's warning tone cut Cleo off.
"I doubt you know me as well as you think." Francine stood up to leave. She knew she should storm out and feel indignant that they thought she'd trade her body for money. Yet these people were her best friends and the idea intrigued her ever so slightly. Coming from anyone else she would have been deeply offended, but from her best friends? She was stunned and unsure how to react, but she knew she didn't want to be a whore. "I think you've wasted all our time. I'm going to pretend this never happened."
"I completely understand." Sam stood up as well, ever the gentleman, which was ironic. The perfect gentlemen just asked her to sell her body.
"What made you think I'd even want to take part in such a thing?" Francine should leave, she knew it, but something stopped her. Whether she needed to talk through her confusion or needed to know if her friends thought so little of her, she wasn't sure. "Do you think so little of me?"
"Of course not!" Sam gestured to her chair. "Will you let me explain a little more? We're won't force anything on you. You're free to leave at any time."
Francine considered it, wondering what they could possibly say to take the sting out of their words. She wanted to leave but found herself settling into her chair. "I'm listening."
"We think you're an amazing woman and you're missing sex." Cleo gave Francine her innocent look that always put Francine on guard. "All we're doing is giving you a way to get it."
"Cleo," Sam sighed then turned back to Francine. "That's part of it, but only part." He settled back into his chair and steepled his fingers. "You know I met Will when I hired him as an accountant for my businesses. He worked for me for years before we became friends."
"What does this have to do with you wanting me to be a whore?"
"What businesses do you think he was accounting for?"
"He knew about this? It's . . . it's . . . wrong! I can't believe he had a part in this."
"He didn't know at first, but when he found out, he reacted much like you are now. I agree, prostitution, when women are exploited is wrong. However, there is no exploitation here. If you decide to take this opportunity you'll be your own boss. You can refuse any client you want for any reason. You can come and go as you please or you can quit when you like. Your husband insisted on inspecting this place and the other places I have. It took a while, but he finally realized I'm not a pimp using force or drugs to make some unfortunate girl service men. If anything, I'll be working for you."
Francine's mouth went dry. Now she knew why William never made love to her. "You said William inspected these places and talked to the women." She clenched her jaw to make her mouth stop trembling. "Does he use them?"
Sam barked out a surprised laugh. "Are you kidding me? As far as I can tell, Will has never so much as looked at another woman since I've known him. Even if he wanted to, he couldn't afford them. A least at first. He can now, but he's loyal to a fault. So no, he never touched the girls."
Francine slumped in relief. She prepared herself for the worst, even expected it. Knowing he stayed loyal to her meant more than she ever imagined. And now Sam wanted her to betray her husband. In fact she already had. Her throat closed off. She couldn't swallow, let along give voice to her grief.
"I know what you're thinking and you have nothing to feel guilty about. We ambushed you. You never had a chance to say no, even if you wanted to. If you're honest with yourself, you'll admit you didn't want us to stop."
Tears threatened to spill out of Francine's eyes. Sam was right, of course. The pleasure she felt was something she needed, something impossible to walk away from. She hadn't wanted it to stop. In fact, she still wanted it. When all was said and done, that's why she stayed. Despite her guilt, her since of morality, she wanted it to happen again. But she didn't know if she could live with herself. "You're right," Francine whispered.
"Don't cry, sweety," Cleo bounced out of her chair and folded Francine in a tight hug. "No one is judging you."
"Cleo, you need to sit down. Francine and I both know how persuasive you can be. You agreed to keep out of it until she made her decision."
"He's right." Cleo sighed and released Francine then returned to her chair. "This has to be one hundred percent your choice, no one can talk you into it. Sam will give you the facts and the details, then you need to decide for yourself. If you're talked into it, it won't be something you decided to do. Then we might lose your friendship forever which I don't want. Now I'll sit over here and be quiet."
"May I continue?" asked Sam.
It took a minute for Francine to realize he spoke to her. "Ya, sure."
"Will found out about this business. That's when I learned how loyal he is. That's when we became friends. I never imagined we'd be as close as we are, and that includes you. I love you both." He looked at Cleo. "We love you both, but your marriage isn't working. We all know it. We want you both to be happy, but neither of you are."
"Turning me into a whore will change that?" Francine demanded. She put as much heat into her voice as possible to hide her fear and confusion. They were supposed to be her friends, but she never felt so betrayed in her life. Yet she didn't leave. Did she feel betrayed because that's what a proper woman was expected to feel? Or was it easier to claim betrayal instead of admitting her true feelings: curiosity and temptation.
"Let me explain before you use a word like whore. Here's how it works. If any word comes close to a decent description, it's courtesan. I act as your agent. I already have dozens of clients who are regulars. Occasionally I find new ones, but they have to go through a very strict vetting process which includes health screens. I also make sure they know you are to be respected and not hurt. Clients who want dangerous stuff go someplace else. Our clients want passionate and personal sex with no attachments. They won't fall in love with you and they won't hassle you. Some of them might even become friends you'll continue to talk to after you quit. In fact, Karen, our housekeeper, used to do this."
"You mean she has . . . sex with people for you?" Francine's hand flew to her mouth.
"Absolutely not!" The vehemence in Sam's voice rocked Francine back. Cleo's outraged squeak made Francine feel a little ashamed. "She's a housekeeper. When she was a courtesan, she was a courtesan. I don't employ mistresses. If I want to use a woman's services, I go to a woman who preforms those services."
"Oh. Wait, you have sex with these women?"
"Yes, it's a perk of being their agent. So does Cleo."
Francine turned to Cleo. "You do? You're a . . . "
"Bisexual," said Cleo.
"I also have two men who do the same thing. Cleo visits them too," said Sam. "Can I continue?"
"Um, sure."
"Once a week I'll come by and give you info on each of your clients. We'll work out your schedule in advance, of course. Your clients will come here for their session. No session will last more than four hours without special consideration and a much higher fee."
"Four hours? What am I supposed to do for four hours?"
Sam shrugged. "Whatever the client wants. Share a meal, conversation, seduction. Understand, most the people who come here want a wife or girlfriend experience. Maybe even a mistress. What they don't want is complications in their lives. If all they have time for is a couple of hours a week to be who they wish they were, you'll provide it. Most clients want to be free of responsibilities, or to enjoy companionship with someone who won't make demands on their time, or threaten their position and reputation."
"How much does a session pay?"
"It's by the hour, but I won't give you prices until you agree to do it. This is something you'll do because you want to do it. Like I said earlier, we don't want to talk you into this or let money influence your decision. We want you to do it because it's something you'll enjoy."
"It can't be much if one of your girls decided to be your housekeeper instead of your, what did you call it? Courtesan?"
"Actually, she took a huge pay cut to be a housekeeper."
"Then why'd she do it?"
"It's her story to tell. If she wants to tell you, she will. All I'll say on the subject is she wanted a new job and we gave her one."
"You expect me to believe she doesn't have to sleep with you to keep this new, lower paying job?" Francine surprised herself with her own question. She normally wasn't so cynical. In fact, she knew better. Karen had her reasons and Cleo and Sam weren't the type of people to force a woman to sleep with them. "I'm sorry, forget I asked. I still want to know why you think I'd like to lay down so a man can . . . " Screw me, is what Francine wanted to say, but it seemed like a good time to be more forceful. "So a man can lay on top of me and pump his . . . cock into me until he comes. Why in hell do you think I'd like that?"
Cleo laughed then covered her mouth with both hands. "Sorry, I didn't think I'd ever hear those words out of your mouth!" She giggled again.
Sam tried to stifle his own grin but failed. "I don't think you'd like that at all. Fortunately, the job is about so much more. The whole point of this, from our perspective, is you need some satisfaction of your own. If you do this, you'll have as much pleasure, maybe more, than the clients. Most of them want a fantasy of sorts. Part of the fantasy is pleasing a woman. Part of the contract is you can't force it. If someone doesn't please you, you can cut them off. Believe it or not, you have all the power. One client is an exception. We can talk about him later if you decide to take the job."
"I have all the power?"
"Yes. When you say no, it means no. I'll have to ask questions to give the other women accurate data in case there is a problem with the client's behavior. Having said that, I'll never try to convince you to change your mind." Sam waited for a response.
Was it bad she didn't say no right away? Was she tempted to do this? Sam made it sound more like dating than prostitution. No, it made her an adulteress. William stayed loyal to her, she had to do the same. Then she recalled the intensity of the pleasure she felt last night. Not only the physical, but emotional as well. What she got from Cleo and Sam made her feel whole in a way she hadn't in years. It wasn't fair she be denied something so basic. She couldn't decide right now. Not when her friends put her on the spot to make such a life altering decision. Then her eyes fell on the young man, James.
"What about him? Is he my first client?" She shifted everyones attention to the young man to stall a little longer. For his part James blushed fiercely.
"No, he's your security. The suite of rooms in the attic are off limits to you. You'll have the run of the house except there. Those rooms are his. Every other room in this house has cameras, even the bathrooms. If I do my job right you'll never be in danger, but if I miss something, James will call the police and stop any misbehavior."
"You mean," Francine swallowed hard. No way could she do this. "You mean you'll make videos of me?"
"No, never. Part of the contract is discretion. James will monitor you, but never record. And just so you know, not one time, not once, has anyone ever needed security."
"So I don't have to . . . have sex with him?"
"Technically, no. However, he's a young man who will watch what amounts to hours of porn. You might want to give him a break from time to time."
"I don't know." Francine looked from one face to the other. "I don't know if I can do it."
"We completely understand. Take some time to think about it."
"How much time do I have?"
"As much as you need. Days, weeks, years if you need it. You have to believe we're offering this to you because we think it's what you need. You'll get all the passion you'll ever want. Men will worship your body and your personality. All you need to do in return is have sex with them." Sam smiled reassuringly. "This is an offer, not an ultimatum."
Francine stood up. "I'll be back in an hour." She always tried to teach her children to examen a problem before making a decision but not take too long. Otherwise, they may get paralyzed with doubt. She told them to set a deadline then make the best decision possible with what they knew. Time to practice what she preached.
"That's . . . fast." Sam stood up with her and walked her to the door.
"There aren't a lot of details, I'll have sex for money. It's not complicated."
"I see." It sounded like he didn't. "We'll wait here then. If you come up with any more questions, feel free to ask." He closed the door behind her.
Francine walked down to the sidewalk and turned right. She didn't see much as she wandered the neighborhood; her thoughts were too focused and turned inward. At first she concentrated on practical issues. She couldn't do this, she didn't know how. Cleo always teased her about her clothes, but she had no clue what to wear. Did she even have anything appropriate? What constituted appropriate? Right now, her life was safe and secure. There were so many things she didn't have to worry about, like paying the bills, or where her next meal came from. What about the kids? What would it do to them if she changed the entire organization of their family? But mostly, could she have sex with other men? Sure, in the heat of the moment last night, she was ready for just about anything. Nevertheless, the heat of the moment had nothing to do with what they offered. From the sound of it, they'd have a meeting to set up her schedule. She'd have to open her door and let a man into her house then into her body. She'd take a stranger's penis into her mouth and . . . She blushed at the picture in her mind.
Francine came across a small park and found a bench to sit on. A few mothers watched their children play on the playground. It reminded Francine of her own children. It seemed like forever ago. She had been such a different person then, happy and full of hope for the future. She looked around until she found a man with his wife. He looked like a normal young parent. Closing her eyes, she imagined him knocking on her door which she opened to let him in. He smiled and shook her hand. Francine lead him upstairs to her bedroom and they took off their clothes. She reached out and felt the weight of his penis in her hand. It hardened under her gentle manipulation. When she looked into his eyes, she saw his lust for her. Francine took him in her mouth and he swelled against her lips and tongue. Her core tightened in response.
Francine's eyes snapped open. So much for wondering if she could do it. Her little fantasy was enough to turn her on. Then she realized she was stalling. The practical issues were simple details to work out later. Cleo knew what clothes to get and Sam wouldn't let anything bad happen. As for her children, they were adults living their own lives now. She gave them more than twenty years, it was time she lived for herself. When she fought past her shock, confusion and fear, she had to admit her interest. Which left two problems.
William was the biggest, or so she thought. When she realized she hadn't considered talking to him, she knew he gave up the right to have a say in what she decided. When she thought of the way he looked at her last night she got angry. She launched herself off the bench and headed back to the house. For a few minutes her feet hit the pavement harder and her pace doubled. How dare he treat her like that. If that's how he showed his love, he deserved the consequences.
Then she turned her thoughts to the other major question: could she have sex with strangers? Despite how quickly she became aroused at her little fantasy, she knew the difference between what went on in her head and the actual act. Again she thought back to last night. She replayed the memory of Sam's cum shooting out of his cock and landing on the table. She remembered tasting it. The answer seemed obvious, which left one detail to be worked out. She hurried back to the building to give Cleo and Sam her answer.
"We were about to give up on you." Sam smiled and led her into the sitting room where Cleo and James still waited. "You took a bit longer than an hour."
"I did?" Francine glanced at her watch. It had taken almost three hours. "Sorry."
"Well?" Cleo practically vibrated with tension. "Did you decide?"
"I decided." Francine took a deep breath. "I'll do it."
Cleo's screech made her ears ring and she flew across the room and wrapped Francine in a tight hug. "You'll love it and I'll come over all the time so you can give me all the dirty details. Maybe you can even teach me something new!"
"I doubt that!" Francine pushed Cleo back so she could breath again. "Don't get too excited yet. I have a condition."
"Which is?" asked Sam.
"I need a divorce first."
"We rather expected that," said Sam. "We know the kind of person you are." Francine wanted to doubt it but after this morning they were probably right.
"We know a judge who will expedite your divorce." Cleo hopped from foot to foot and had her hands clutched in front of her. "You can start in a week!"
"Hold on Cleo, don't get ahead of the process. Francine, I understand what you're saying, but I want you to think about it. You don't have to get divorced. It isn't our intention to break up your marriage."
"I know, but I've always been the best wife I knew how to be. If I do this, I can't be married. It's too deep a betrayal to William and my children."
"If you're sure you want to. Cleo is right, we know someone who will help."
"Now that I've agreed to do it, what else do I need to know?"
"You know pretty much everything already." Sam beamed at Francine. "Each client will have certain requests, but we'll go over those before hand."
"How do you know I'll even have clients? What makes you think men will want me?" Sam and Cleo exchanged an uncomfortable look and Francine knew she was about to hear something she wouldn't like.
"Last night was a sort of preview." Sam never sounded as hesitant as he did right now. "Several of your possible clients were there."
"You even spoke to a couple," chimed in Cleo. "There was plenty of interest."
"I was on display?" Francine mouth fell open as she looked from one "friend" to the other. Once again heat blossomed on her cheeks and the temperature seemed to go way up. "You told a bunch of strangers I'd be their whore?" Then she remembered she knew some of them. "You told William's clients I'd be their whore?" Francine lurched to her feet, this was too much. She could never look those men in the eye again, let alone let them . . . have her.
"It's not like that!" Cleo jumped to her feet and moved in front of Francine. "We're confident about your enthusiasm, but we also know you might not want to be involved." Cleo put her hands on Francine's shoulders and gave her a little shake. "Think, Francine. You know we'd never do anything to hurt you."
"But . . . "
"Francine, this proposal isn't legal." Sam stood up as well and moved next to his wife. "This only works if all parties are discrete. I can assure you none of the people we told are indiscreet. If you do this, they won't tell other people about you. If you don't do this, they won't look at you any different, and they won't involve Will in any way. I am very careful with who I involve in this and didn't tell anyone you would be their whore. We introduced you as our friend who might want a new experience."
Francine felt a little better about it now, but still, this made things awkward. Especially if she knew some of her clients. She didn't know if she could make love to someone she already knew.
"Please say you'll still do it." Cleo cupped Francine's cheeks and looked deep into her eyes. Francine almost laughed at Cleo's pleading expression.
"I'll still do it. Just don't give me any more shocks like that one."
Cleo slumped with relief then went tense again. "There's just one more thing. It might be a little shocking but it shouldn't be a problem," said Cleo. "Well it's not even a problem so much as a...test?"
"You mean like a physical so you know I'm healthy? If I've got an STI, something is very wrong."
"No, it's more like an audition." Sam looked a little sheepish. "It's one thing to say you'll do it. It's another to actually follow through. Putting things in motion is expensive, but more important, we don't want to end your marriage if you can't follow through."
"Not to mention, it will look real bad for Sam if you freak out on your first client. My husband has a reputation to keep, after all."
"You don't need to convince me, Cleo, I'm wise to your methods. I already said I'd do it."
"I wasn't trying too . . . fine, maybe I was. A little." Cleo smiled sheepishly.
"So, what do I need to do to get this job? You mentioned an audition?"
"Yes." Sam took a deep, bracing breath. "You have to have sex with each of us."
Chapter 03
"But you're my friend! Won't Cleo mind if we . . . you know?" Francine looked back and forth between Cleo and Sam. Then she remembered James. She almost blurted out he was a stranger then realized that was the point. If she couldn't have sex with him, she couldn't have sex with other strangers.
"First off, we have an arrangement so we can have sex with other people." Cleo gave Sam a smile that shown with her love. "It works for us. Second," she turned her attention back to Francine. "You have got to change your vocabulary. Quit saying "have sex" and say fuck instead. You're going to open your body to strangers. You can't be shy with it, so you should stop being shy with your vocabulary. I don't think I've even heard you say fuck, pussy, or tits. You know what those are, right?"
"Cleo." Sam rolled his eyes. "My wife is right, but she doesn't need to be so condescending."
"I know. And yes, Cleo, I know what they are. I stopped using bad language when I had kids and William doesn't care for it." Francine tried to look at Sam but couldn't meet his eyes. "It will still feel weird having sex with you, fucking you, I mean." Francine barely managed to say "fucking." "We've been friends for years and I've never thought of you sexually."
"I hope that changes," said Sam. "It's not negotiable, it's the only way we can be certain you can carry out the task. It's like Cleo said, we have a reputation to uphold."
"Don't worry about it, once you start, it will feel so good you won't be worried about our relationship. Remember last night? Don't even try to tell me you faked it. I can't wait for you to return the favor."
Francine felt her eyes go wide and her heart skipped a beat. "You mean I have to have - fuck you too? But I'm not gay!"
"You wouldn't know it from last night." Cleo grinned, then grinned wider. "You fucked my hand like there was no tomorrow."
"That was different, it was . . . " what? Cleo touching Francine? Francine never touched a woman like that, she doubted she could. "Why do I need to have - fuck you?"
"Not all your clients will be men." Sam shrugged. "We have a few women who want to be with another woman. Many for the same reason men come to you. Also, there are couples. Some want a menage a tois, some want to watch their spouses fuck someone else. Sex is what you get out of it, they get to experience a fantasy."
"There's another benefit to fucking us." Cleo knelt next to Francine and took her hand. "You'll be with people who care about you. If you can't do it, we won't judge you. Very few women choose to do what we're asking. You have to have the right personality and temperament. If you don't have it, then you don't have it. We won't feel any different about you tomorrow than we did last week."
Francine took a deep breath and released a sigh of conviction. Nothing Cleo did to her last night felt bad or wrong. As much as Francine wanted to deny taking an active role, she remembered bucking her hips back to meet Cleo's fingers. It never occurred to her to stop. "Ok, I'll try. I just can't believe you want to fuck me."
"Are you kidding? I loved touching your body last night and the way you walked, the way you made that dress fit you? You practically glowed. I had to run to the bathroom and rub one off so I could concentrate! I was so horny I made Sam go down on me for half an hour. You wouldn't believe how many times I came."
"So . . . " Francine took a deep breath. "When do you want to do it?" It shouldn't be too hard for her to free up some time to visit each of them.
"Right now," said Cleo, with her biggest grin yet. "Right now."
"Here?" Francine looked around the room. The only piece of furniture to lay on was the coffee table. Then the second shoe dropped. "In front of everyone?"
"Yes. We'll explain why." Sam settled back into his chair and grinned with anticipation. "But first, you have to get naked."
"Naked?" Francine felt her cheeks flame and she began to tremble. "Why?"
"Nudity is a big part of your job." Cleo stared at Francine's chest and licked her lips.
"She's right," said Sam. "Believe it or not, nudity is the second most important part of this job. Listening is the most important. Sex comes in third."
"Really?" Francine still hadn't stood up. Cleo released her hand and returned to her chair, but Francine knew they all saw her hands tremble. She clasped them in her lap and squeezed tight. Unfortunately, her white knuckled grip transmitted the same message. "Why?" She didn't care so much as she wanted to stall. Being a middle aged woman, she knew she wasn't attractive, not compared to the younger, skinny women she knew Sam and Cleo looked at. Even with her body image issues, she didn't feel too uncomfortable with Sam and Cleo. How would James, who was young enough to be her son, react to her body?
"I'll explain later," said Sam. He gestured toward the floor in front of her. "First, will you please stand up and remove your clothes? I think I speak for everyone when I say we want to see you naked."
Oh god. Francine stood up and tried to swallow. Her mouth went so dry her tongue felt like a sheet of sandpaper. Once she stood up her mind went blank. She wasn't a stripper and she didn't know how to dance seductively. "I don't know what to do."
"Francine, look at me." Cleo gave her a gentle and reassuring smile. "You don't have to do this."
For a second, a wave of relief washed over Francine. Then she realized Cleo wasn't talking about stripping, but the whole thing. The job, the house, everything. She balanced on the verge of backing out but once again the seductive memory of how good last night felt invaded her mind. She wanted it again, wanted it over and over. "I want to do it." She liked how certain she sounded. The conviction of her desire came through loud and clear.
Cleo's smile warmed and if Francine didn't know better, her friend looked relieved. "Start with your shoes. Then take of whatever is on the outside first."
"Thanks." Francine kicked off her shoes then undid the button on her suit-vest. She hadn't known what to expect at this meeting and ended up with another gray skirt suit. Once she had her jacket off, she looked around for a place to put it.
"Set your clothes over there." Sam pointed to a chair next to her.
Francine tossed the garment on the chair. So far she hadn't done anything she hadn't already done a thousand times in a thousand different settings. Taking a jacket off in front of people was nothing new, yet this time felt different. This time she wouldn't stop with her jacket, or even her vest. Removing her jacket marked the beginning of an adventure. A sexual adventure. She undid the three buttons on her vest and tossed it on the jacket. Next came the tie. Thankfully, these things were easy to deal with despite her shaking hands. Her slacks were next but the slim belt buckle gave her a little problem. Her hands shook so bad they might have belonged to someone else. After a few more seconds she had it released. The button popped free like it had a mind of it's own. The zipper sounded like thunder as she drew it down. Everyone held their breaths. She pushed her pants down. The expensive fabric abraded her skin as it slid down her legs. She never noticed how course the fabric was. Or maybe arousal made her more aware of her body than ever before. She stepped out of the skirt then started on the cuffs of her blouse.
"Wait." Sam's eyes looked glazed. Last night he looked at her in much the same way. Afterwords, when she tried to go to sleep, she wondered if it had been an act designed as part of her seduction. Now she had her answer. He liked her body and his lust was genuine. "Come here."
Francine went and stood in front of him. He put his hand on her hip just below her shirt tail and ran it down to her calf. He stared at her leg. Then he put his other hand on her calf and slid it up until his wrist touched the shirt tail. His hand stopped on her inner thigh and Francine felt a rush of heat in her pussy.
"You have magnificent legs." Sam leaned back in his chair.
The butterflies in Francine's stomach didn't settle down, getting naked in front of people still felt weird and scary. However, his real lust and honest compliment made her confidence grow a little. Every woman was her own harshest critic but this whole situation screamed she was desirable. Wasn't it about time she listened?
Instead of returning to her spot she moved in front of Cleo and cocked an eyebrow. Cleo grinned then her face turned serious. She sucked her bottom lip between her teeth and repeated Sam's caress. She looked up into Francine's eyes and whispered, "magnificent."
Francine's confidence in her sexiness grew, but now for the real test. How would a man half her age react? She walked in front of James. He had a white knuckled grip on his chair arms and his eyes bounced all over her body like he didn't know where to look.
After a second she realized she'd have to prompt him. This world was as new to him as it was to Francine. "Do you want to feel my leg? I want you to."
James reached out and Francine was gratified to see his hands shook as hard as her own had. His palm felt sweaty on her thigh and he moved quick, more like performing a task instead of caressing a woman's leg for their mutual pleasure. When he finished his eyes remained glued to the top of her thighs.
"What do you think?"
James' mouth worked but he had no idea what to say. Francine placed a finger on his lips. "If you like my legs, nod." He nodded. "Thank you." The young man's eyes filled with lust and even beneath the thick denim of his genes, she saw his erection grow. Francine took his arousal as a vote of confidence which settled her nerves more than anything else had today. That didn't mean she felt relaxed, quite the contrary. Her hands still shook and her heart hammered in her chest, but now she was comfortable with her audience.
Francine returned to the chair and faced her audience again. The buttons on her cuffs proved next to impossible to work so she stopped trying after a few seconds. She stood between Sam and Cleo, thrusting an arm toward them both. They took the hint and unbuttoned her cuffs. On the way back to her spot she unbuttoned the shirt. She slid it off her shoulders and down her body. She caught it in her hand and tossed it on the chair with her other clothes.
"Good god!" Cleo's disgusted tone shattered the illusion of Francine's growing confidence. Her friend rolled her eyes and shook her head. "Granny panties again? Unless a client specifically asks for them, which they won't, you're never allowed to wear them again. And that bra! It's hideous!"
"Cleo!" snapped Sam.
"Well, it's true."
Francine stifled a giggle. She couldn't believe she wanted to laugh. It must be all the tension.
"What a mean thing to say," said Sam. "The poor woman is nervous enough without you undermining her confidence."
"It wasn't mean. Francine has a stunning body. Putting underwear like that on a woman like her is like painting a Lamborghini beige!"
Francine put her fists to her hips and glared at Cleo. "It's not like I knew what I'd be doing this morning. How was I supposed to know I'd be stripping for a crowd?"
"Don't get pissy with me. Do you have any other kind of underwear?"
"No." Francine had a great idea for wiping that knowing smirk off Cleo's face. "But if I knew I'd be getting naked, I'd have skipped underwear completely." She was satisfied to see Cleo's eyes go wide with surprise. Too bad they went narrow with suspicion right afterward. "Here, if you hate my bra so much, take it and burn it." She reached behind her, unclasped the garment and tossed it to Cleo.
Cleo's smirk turned into a grin. "Do you know what you just did?" Her eyes fell from Francine's and centered on her chest. "You've bared your breasts to everyone." Francine gasped and covered herself with her arms. Cleo burst out laughing. "That's the whole point, you silly girl. Why don't you move your arms and let us see your tits."
Francine blushed but didn't know if her nakedness or Cleo's teasing caused it. Either way her friend was right, she had to get naked for them to see her. It took more courage than she expected, but she managed to lower her arms. She stood straight and pulled her shoulders back, putting her breasts on display.
She held her pose for a few seconds, letting everyone stare at her. The looks of lust and admiration kept Francine from wilting under the awkwardness she felt. Then the time came to remove the last barrier of her modesty. She hoped they found the rest of her as appealing as they did her breasts. Francine hooked her thumbs in her waistband.
"Wait," said Sam. Francine knew what he intended and moved toward him as he said, "come here." He meant to touch her breasts like he did her leg. Francine had never been more aware of her body than she was now. Especially her breasts. She felt their slight sway with each step she took. Her nipples tightened into tight, aching peaks. She wanted to grab her breasts and knead the ache out of them. When Sam reached up he didn't grab her so much as mold his hand around her breast. He slid his hand along the swell of her chest, like a blind man memorizing the shape of a masterpiece. His deliberate, almost awed touch tripped a switch some where deep inside her. Francine's nervousness and apprehension melted away as lust grew. When Sam's fingers brushed across her nipple, she gasped with pleasure. She could have stood there for an hour feeling his hands roam over her breasts. When he pulled away the absence of touch made her ache.
Francine went to Cleo next. Her touch was different from Sam's. Where Sam gently caressed all over her breasts, Cleo took both globes in her hands and squeezed her nipples. She seemed to know exactly how to touch Francine to make her body sing with pleasure. Where Sam felt good Cleo was exquisite. Francine's eyes rolled back and her head lulled. The pleasure Cleo pulled from her defied description. If she did this long enough, Francine might orgasm from it.
All too soon Cleo pulled away and Francine moaned in frustration. Still, if the sensations Sam and Cleo drew out of her were any indication, the intensity of the pleasure from last night was only the beginning. She didn't remember ever being so lustful.
Francine moved in front of James and looked at him, asking with her eyes if he wanted to touch her as well. His hands still shook but he raised one and gripped her breast. Either he didn't notice how Sam and Cleo touched her or he had his own desire to fulfill. His hand tightened around her flesh, squeezing firmly. Either he had good instincts or he knew more about pleasing women than what appearances indicated. The steady pressure he put on her breast sent waves of pleasure that started in her core and expanded out to her extremities. Her eyes rolled up and her head fell back as a deep moan rose past her parted lips. James kneaded her breast and she felt a long absent tingling between her legs.
She had no idea how long she stood there letting pleasure grow before Cleo snapped her attention out of her body and back to reality. "You're not done yet."
"No shit," said Francine, hyper aroused but nowhere near orgasm. "Wait, what?" She blinked at Cleo. What was her friend talking about?
"You're not naked yet." Cleo pointed at Francine's panties.
Francine looked down at her underwear. Cleo was right, it was hideous. She resolved to never wear anything like those again. Not if she had a choice. Ignoring the trepidation trying to creep into her consciousness, she hooked her thumbs into the waistband and yanked the offending garment down her legs. "Burn these," she told Cleo as she tossed them to her friend.
Cleo caught them and ran her thumb along the crotch. She looked at her husband and grinned then tossed the panties aside.
"Do you want to touch me here?" Francine ran her fingers through her pubic hair. She still stood in front of James and parted her legs enough to give him access but not enough to be lewd.
James grinned as his hands stretched out. His questing fingers parted her labia and slipped into her with ease. Francine closed her eyes and heard a moan. She suspected it came from James but it might have been her.
"Don't get comfortable." Cleo's voice snapped Francine back to the room again. That woman started to annoy her. "Ooo, did you see that look? She's enjoying herself." Cleo's laughing, knowing eyes made Francine blush. She didn't realize she was so transparent. "Come over here. I want to feel too."
"You've already felt me." Even so, Francine went to stand in front of Cleo.
"Yes, but we did that for your pleasure, this is for mine." Cleo ran her fingers through Francine's pubic hair before exploring lower. When her fingers touched Francine's clit, it felt like some divine creature blessed her with the gift of orgasm. She didn't come, but she hovered near the edge. Cleo's touch lasted less than a second and Francine groaned in frustration. She wanted more, so much more.
She turned to stand in front of Sam, begging with her eyes for him to give her the release she desperately wanted.
"I'll pass. Why don't you go sit so we can finish our discussion." He must be a mind reading sadist. Sam smiled but it didn't hide his amusement. "How do you feel?" He asked once she sat back down.
Francine didn't know how to answer. Since the direct stimulation stopped, her arousal ebbed enough for her to feel self conscious again. On top of that, she became hyper aware of every sensation blazing across her naked skin. The course fabric of the chair on her bottom made her skin pickle. Hot air from the heater vent brought a light sensation of sweat from her pours. She was also aware of everyone's body language, her own included.
James looked so aroused it had to be painful. He squirmed in his chair trying to shift his erection into a more comfortable position without being rude or obvious. He looked a little sweaty as well.
Cleo radiated lust. If Francine didn't know better, she'd think her friend was more turned on than herself, which was impossible. No one, not even the squirming James, could be more turned on than Francine. Cleo licked her lips and leaned forward, pressing her thighs together. Her wide eyes focused on Francine's body.
Even Sam, exuberant but calm, looked on the edge of attacking her. She remembered what his cock looked like as he slid his fist over it. His crotch drew her gaze and she wondered if he was hard, ready to thrust into her, to pound an orgasm out of her. Francine kept trying to draw into herself, to cover her body. Feeling Sam's gaze on her, knowing what his intimate parts looked like, knowing what he wanted to do to her, made her body respond. She straightened up, thrusting her breasts forward and leaned back. Despite her discomfort, she opened to him, opened to them all, in a way she never did with her husband. She kept her legs together but uncrossed, showing hints of her bush.
It took a minute but she regained her faculties enough to pay attention to the conversation they waited to have with her. "I'm nervous. I'm incredibly turned on."
"I think both those statements are grossly understated," said Cleo. "I'm incredibly turned on. You're practically on fire."
"She's right," said Sam. "You need to relax. Remember how you sat before we asked you to take your clothes off? Sit the same way. Pretend you're dressed. Be natural."
"I can't." What, were they crazy? They got her nervous, scared, self conscious and horny all at the same time. There was no way to relax and act natural, not until she got her libido under control and got used to people watching her in the nude.
"I understand," said Sam, "but you need to try."
"Why?"
"Some of your clients will want you nude. You'd be surprised how many men fantasize about spending time with a totally nude woman."
"Oh." Francine wondered if William fantasized about her being nude. Then she dismissed the thought. He had twenty five years to voice his fantasies.
"Will you try to relax, we need to talk a little about what your clients want." Sam leaned forward like he wanted to say more, but Cleo took up the conversation.
"Most of your clients will be men or women who for whatever reason feel rejected by their spouse. They'll be lonely for a specific kind of relationship. Think of yourself, you're the perfect example. You don't want a deep relationship, but you'd really like some deep penetration."
Sam covered his face with a hand. "Cleo."
"I'm sorry, I had to say it. She looks so serious and nervous. I'm lightening the mood."
"No, you're embarrassing everyone."
"Party pooper. Anyway, a lot of your clients will want to talk. They'll especially want you to listen. For some of them it's a kind of foreplay. It helps them relax and puts them in a generous frame of mind. I don't mean generous with their money, they'll already have paid. I mean generous toward your needs. They'll be more likely to want to make you come your brains out." Cleo paused to see if Sam objected to that phrase. When he didn't react, she continued. "Don't get me wrong, some of them want straight sex, a little wham, bam, thank you ma'am. Others will want specific fantasies. For those clients either Sam or myself will brief you before you see them so you'll be prepared for their needs."
"You look a little more relaxed." Somehow, Cleo calmed her despite the nature of the conversation. She had relaxed and settled into a more natural posture. Sam crossed the room and knelt in front of her. He stared straight into her eyes until he knew he had her full attention. The intense stare made Francine nervous. What he said next promised to be important and he didn't want her to misunderstand. His sudden nervousness snapped her back into a tense posture, but she nodded her head expecting his next words to be life changing.
"You're sitting here, naked, in front of friends and a stranger. That's the first step. I think you have a good idea what the next step is. Do you think you can go through with it?"
Francine knew this moment would come when she agreed to their proposition. Nothing had changed her mind. Her answer came easy this time. "Yes, I can go through with it."
"Hot damn!" Cleo jumped out of her chair and did a sort of cheerleader routine. "So, who do you want to fuck first?"
"Um." Francine's mind went blank. Her frantic gaze jumped from one person to the other. Was there a hierarchy? Would she insult someone if she chose the wrong person?
Cleo's laugh focused Francine's attention on her. "You should see your face. Start with Sam, you've probably fantasized about him at least once since last night. Besides, he's the closest to normal for you. He'll be the easiest."
Francine's gaze focused on Sam, still kneeling in front of her. She stared at his gentle, encouraging smile. For some unknown reason she felt shy again and resisted the urge to cover herself. The urge became too much to resist. She knew Sam waited for her to do something but she had no idea what. She covered her breasts with her hands and looked away. "I don't know how to start."
"It's sex, not rocket science." Cleo rolled her eyes. "I know you know how to screw, you have two kids, after all."
"Cleo, be gentle. This isn't easy for her." Sam patted her knee. "It's okay, that's why you're doing us first. It's a test, but it's also supposed to be instructional."
"Think of a fantasy you've had. You'll take charge at least half the time so you might as well make the clients do what you want them to. Remember, we're bringing you into this so you can get your own sexual satisfaction. There's no reason you can't practice your fantasies with the clients."
"I haven't let myself think about sex for more years than I care to remember. It's too painful when you can't have it. I don't have any fantasies."
"Are you sure?" The twinkle in Cleo's eyes made Francine think her friend had different information. "Remember last night? Think about it. You were bent over the table watching Sam stroke his cock while I rammed my fingers into your sopping little puss. While that happened, what did you want to do?"
"Taste him." The words came unbidden. Francine remembered wanting his penis in her mouth.
"Then start there." Cleo shrugged. "A fantasy doesn't have to be complicated. Blowing a man can be a satisfying fantasy. Give it a try."
Sam stood up and held a hand out to her. Francine reached past his hand and worked on his belt buckle. This is where she wanted to be last night and she refused to pass up this chance now. She let his slacks fall to the floor as she pulled his hard cock out of his underwear. As a younger woman she enjoyed sex a lot. She loved everything about it. A wave of resentment washed over her. How could her husband have denied her this? How did she let him? No more. Her best friends gave her a second chance to do something she loved and she intended to take it, to throw herself into this with everything she had. Nothing was off limits.
Having given herself over to the possibilities, she focused all her attention on the eroticism of the moment. Sam's erection bobbed inches from her face, inches from her mouth. As much as she wanted to take him into her, she held off. They told her this was as much for her pleasure as her soon to be client's. If so, she intended to take as much pleasure from this as possible. And there was so much more to her pleasure than fellatio.
Francine circled his penis with her thumb and index finger then slid down his shaft. Sam sucked in a breath. She might have thought she hurt him except she knew how to keep her touch gentle. He liked what she did. Good, but that was secondary. Right now her own pleasure concerned her more. She concentrated on how his erection felt in her hand. The skin along the bottom seemed looser but smoother than on top. Her fingers moved over subtle ridges on the way down. She reached the base and pushed back his pubic hair with her fingers and pressed his balls back with her thumb. Her fingers spread across his lower belly feeling the texture of his coarse hair and smooth skin. Then his penis captured her complete attention. As her hand moved down, the head of his penis swelled, becoming inflamed with need. The skin became smooth and shiny. The tiny slit at the end seemed to open, like a mouth begging to be kissed. She obeyed. Francine moistened her lips then planted a soft kiss on the tip of his cock.
Francine heard something and glanced to her left. Cleo shifted for a better view. Her friend sat on the edge of the chair and leaned forward, a lustful expression on her face. In the past, being watched performing such an intimate act would have mortified Francine into inaction. Now, it served as one more source of stimulation. She turned her attention back to Sam's cock. Oh, she was a bad girl, she didn't pay attention to Sam, just his cock. She completely objectified him and liked it!
While Francine glanced at Cleo, Sam removed his shirt. His cock throbbed between her thumb and finger, a subtle swelling and relaxing in time with his heartbeat. His heart must be pounding as hard as hers if his throbbing cock was any indication.
She tilted him up and studied his glans. It looked smooth and a little wet. With her free hand she wrapped her fingers around his shaft and ran her thumb over his glans. The skin stretched smooth and tight. Francine moved her thumb out of the way and looked into his eyes. She moved closer and ran her tongue across the area she studied. His eyes narrowed into slits and his hands curled into fists. Francine smiled. She pushed this man to the edge of control. Soon she'd take that control. But not yet, she wanted to play more first.
Returning her attention to his penis, she tilted it down and studied the hood. The skin didn't seem quit so tight and had a rougher texture. Her fingertips slid along the flange. It was softer than the glans and just like it looked, had a rougher texture. She rubbed the corner of her mouth along the ridge, looking into his eyes again. The velvet hardness sliding against her cheek threatened her self control, but she fought down her desire. Three people sat here, she had no doubt her pleasure would be well attended to.
Francine kissed the side of his cock then slid her lips along the shaft until his pubic hair nestled against her cheek. She moved lower until his testicles brushed against her lips and inhaled through her nose. The scent of soap and aroused man filled her senses. He smelled good, clean and spicy. Why did she want to control herself? Francine opened her eyes and looked across Sam's cock straight into Cleo's eyes. Her best friends eyes slitted in concentration. She kneaded her tits through her clothes with both hands. Cleo looked like she might come from feeling herself up and watching Francine's show. Francine smiled.
Sam's throbbing cock brought her attention back to him. She turned her gaze up to his. Her lips moved along the side of his cock until the head pressed against her lips. He groaned when she winked at him. Then she pressed her lips against the tip. Ever so slowly she let the head of his penis push her lips apart. When he touched her teeth, she opened her mouth wider, letting him pass her last barrier. Francine worked him deeper into her mouth. In her teens and twenties she was good at this and wanted to find out if she still had the skills. She took him in deeper until he hit the back of her throat. She adjusted herself and his angle took him deeper until her lips pushed against the base of his cock.
"Oh god!" Sam's hands gripped her shoulders. "I never would have guessed . . . "
Francine squeezed the base of his cock with her lips and rubbed her tongue across the sensitive spot low down and on the bottom of his penis. She held him there until she needed to breathe. Slowly, she pulled off him, keeping her lips clamped on his shaft. When he cleared her throat, she exhaled then sucked in another breath. Wanting to feel every ridge and valley, she kept her mouth around his cock. She didn't stop pulling back until she felt the hood of his penis against the inside of her lips. While she caught her breath, she held him there, all the while swirling her tongue around his glans and slit. She kept up a steady suction and squeezed and relaxed her lips around him.
Sam's fingers dug into her shoulders and she suppressed a smile. She worked her mouth back down on him, faster this time. As she picked up speed his eyes closed and his head tilted back. Then as if he didn't want to miss the sight of her taking him in, his eyes snapped open and he looked back down. When he did, he found her still looking up at him, she never broke eye contact with a man in her mouth. He groaned again and she knew his pleasure grew. She thought about working him until he spilled his come into her mouth but decided against it. This may be a test, but it was also her awakening and she wanted to try something she read about.
When Sam balanced on the edge of no return, she released his cock and pulled back enough to speak. "I want to try something else." Francine's hands moved to his hips while her thumbs traced an arc from his hipbone to the base of his cock. "Can I?"
He looked at her with glazed eyes and nodded his head. His muscles contracted, making his cock strain up then fall back down. He hovered so close to the edge it must be painful. She didn't plan to leave him in that state for long.
"Sit." Francine adjusted his position until his ass almost slid off the chair and his legs splayed wide apart. Holding his cock upright with her fingertips she moved between his legs and pressed her tits around his shaft. She should keep eye contact, but wanted to watch. Once her soft breasts molded around his cock she started moving. She never did anything so erotic before. The sights and sensations threatened to overwhelm her. Feeling his cock slide against her sternum made her bite into her lip. Her breasts ached with lust as she moved his cock between them. When his cock appeared at the top of her breasts, peeking out at her, she almost orgasmed. Her pussy vibrated with need; she increased her speed, wanting him to finish so she could attend her own needs.
A body pressed up behind her and Cleo whispered in her ear. "Wait. Do it like this." Cleo's hands moved Francine's so she still had pressure around Sam's cock but now her nipples were visible. Francine moaned, she liked touching her nipples, it added to her own pleasure. As if Cleo read Francine's mind, she said, "if he sees your nipples, he'll come faster. That's what you want, right? For him to come so you can? Trust me, this will work faster."
Francine didn't bother to wonder how Cleo knew, she trusted her friend to know what worked on Sam. She moved again, this time with more urgency, staring down at her cleavage. His cock slid down between her tits. When only the tip remained cradled between her sort flesh, she slid back down. His cock emerged shiny and straining. The bottom of her tits slapped against him. She never thought of the undersides of her breasts as erogenous zones. Each time her tits hit his skin her pussy spasmed. Her core fluttered on the edge of orgasm. She slid as fast as she could up and down on him. Her thighs burned. Sam strained against her. His body arched off the chair. He cried out. Francine thrust down on him. She squeezed her tits even harder around his shaft. Come erupted from his cock as his body convulsed under her. His come landed on the tops of her breasts. The wet heat brought her arousal higher. She rotated her hips searching for any stimulation to give her release.
Sam slumped into the chair breathing heavy. His cock twitched as it softened; aftershocks of pleasure still racked him.
Francine almost wished she had made him come in her mouth. She wanted to taste him again. She lifted her breast up to lick his burning seed off herself.
"Wait." Cleo pushed herself between Sam and Francine. Sam pushed his chair back to give them more room. Cleo leaned down and ran her tongue across Francine's breast.
"Oh!" Francine still gripped her breasts only now as an offering to her friend. Cleo kept eye contact as she continued to clean Francine's breasts with her tongue. When Cleo's tongue ran over the top of Francine breast, right above her nipple, her pussy clutched out of her control. Her thighs trembled and she thought she might come. She never knew that spot was so sensitive. "Please." Francine stared into Cleo's wide eyed, grinning face as she followed the last path of Sam's come from her nipple into her cleavage. "I need to orgasm. Please!" Francine's desperation made Cleo smile wider. Her friend left her breasts and moved up until her lips pushed against Francine's.
Francine didn't resist when Cleo pushed her tongue into Francine's mouth. She opened to the kiss and her arms wrapped around her best friend as they became lovers. Wetness flooded Francine's mouth and she tasted Sam's essence. Cleo hadn't swallowed all of Sam. She saved some and gave it to her now. When the kiss ended and Cleo pulled away, they looked into each others eyes.
"I'm next." Cleo sounded as desperate as Francine felt. "Fuck me now."
Francine had an idea of what to do with Cleo. She had no experience beyond a couple of pornos she watched with boyfriends in her teens. Two women did nothing for her and the fake moans proved distracting. She felt some trepidation since her previous relationships never prepared her for lesbian sex. An awkwardness settled around her, but her burning need made her insecurities barely register. Not so much at the thought of lesbian sex, but because Cleo was Francine's best friend.
Cleo favored her with a knowing smile. "Don't worry so much." She moved in. Francine expected to be kissed again but instead Cleo flicked out her tongue and licked at the corner of Francine's mouth. Then she moved and flicked her tongue against the other side. The action made Francine smile. "That's better." This time Cleo did kiss Francine.
Cleo's soft and supple lips made this kiss different from any other kiss Francine ever experienced. Maybe Cleo's technique made the difference. Francine wanted to kiss another woman to see. She didn't like it more than kissing a man, but she did like it.
After taking a few seconds to experience her first girl on girl kiss Francine returned Cleo's passion. Despite her brief period of cataloging this new experience, Francine's libido spun into full swing. Her body still screamed for release. Their kiss deepened until she clutched Cleo so tight the other woman moaned in protest. Or did she voice a desire reflecting Francine's own? It didn't matter. What Francine lacked in experience, she intended to make up for with enthusiasm. She wanted to make Cleo come even harder than she had last night.
Cleo broke the kiss and clutched Francine as tight as Francine clutched her. She gasped for breath and put her mouth next to Francine's ear. The hot, heavy breathing brought goose bumps out on Francine's skin and she shivered in desire. The lace and wires of Cleo's bra dug into her breasts where they flattened against her best friends.
"You're naked in front of people and fucking for an audience." Cleo sounded sultry and suggestive. An hour ago this statement would have sent Francine into a fit of insecurity and fear. Now it strengthened her desires. If Cleo meant her words to slow Francine down, she failed. It made Francine hornier and more excited to make love to a woman. Or maybe Cleo knew what she was doing. Maybe she thought Francine might back out at the last minute and cranked Francine's arousal up as high as possible. If so, it worked. This whole morning had been about building her arousal to the breaking point. She didn't know how much hornier she could get before she simply came.
"So are you." Francine tried to make her voice as sultry as Cleo's but she sounded urgent and impatient. "Except you aren't naked yet."
Francine broke their embrace and worked frantically at the buttons on Cleo's blouse. Cleo's hand flew to her buttons as well and they only succeeded in getting in each others way. When Francine's frustration got the better of her, she yanked the tails out of Cleo's skirt and pulled the offending garment straight over her head. She didn't have buttoned cuffs like Francine so the shirt came right off. Francine tossed it aside as Cleo reached for the clasp on her bra.
"Wait, let me!" It was too late, Cleo yanked her bra off. She lurched to her feet and grabbed her skirt to yank it down. Francine grasped Cleo's hands before she followed through with her intent.
"I know you want to savor every moment of this, Francine, and I promise, later, we can savor each other. You don't know what it's been like, watching you strip, watching you worship Sam's cock, tit fucking him. God, I'm so hot I can't stand it." Cleo yanked her skirt and panties down then knelt in front of Francine returning them to the same level. "You made me soak through my panties. There's no way I can stand by while you give my pussy the same treatment you gave Sam's cock. Later, sweety, I promise, but not now."
Francine barely heard Cleo's little speech. She wanted to savor and explore. At the same time she also felt Cleo's need. How the hell did Cleo think she felt? So far no one else, herself included, ever came close to making her come. She burned hotter than every one else combined! Cleo's little speech did give Francine time to study her friends body, though not as much time as she wanted. Francine saw her friend in various states of undress on any number of occasions, but strangely, this seemed like the first time. She knew she had small, pale nipples barely darker than her skin. Depending on the time of year, she also had tan lines. Now her breasts looked larger and begged for her touch. Francine wanted to feel them, compare them to her breasts. She wanted to feel them warm and bare against her own. What did they taste like? Suddenly Cleo's bare breasts represented so much more than something they shared through their gender.
When Cleo pulled off her skirt and panties, the bare pubis came as no surprise. The surprise was how much Francine wanted her hands there, how much she wanted to snuggle that sweet spot. In the past she never let her gaze linger. Whether from fear, feeling like a pervert, or simple disinterest, she didn't know. Cleo never had a reason to spread her legs in front of Francine and give her time to explore her sex. Now Francine wanted to kneel between Cleo's legs and explore the pale skin where hair should grow. Was it as smooth and soft as it looked? Was there pale stubble invisible at this distance? Cleo didn't stand in front of Francine long enough for Francine to get a good look. What about the hidden treasures below? Francine wanted to explore Cleo's vulva, relish every texture, memorize every fold of inflamed flesh. She wanted to inhale Cleo's unique scents deep into her sole and taste the essence of her friends desire.
As Cleo moved in to embrace and kiss Francine again, Francine knew her friend was right. They couldn't last long enough for Francine to explore so thoroughly. She had to turn herself over to her lust and treasure the experience.
Cleo's arms reached around Francine's waist and pulled Francine against her. Francine wanted to go slow, to feel their breasts touch and then form against each others. Instead Cleo clutched her and Francine felt her friends hard nipples press against her larger breasts. The tips pushed into that place Francine just discovered. The hot little points burned above Francine's larger and darker nipples. It may not be the slow and detailed experience Francine wanted, but it felt wonderful.
Before Francine examined the sensation, Cleo's lips smashed into hers and her tongue forced its way into Francine's mouth. Not that Francine resisted, instead she opened her mouth when Cleo's tongue touched her lips. She put her arms over Cleo's shoulders. One hand splayed on her best friends nude back, the other cupped Cleo's head to pull her new lover's mouth tighter against her own.
Francine didn't know how long they played with each other's mouths; tongues dancing, lips exploring, sometimes teeth touching. At some point Francine became aware of her pelvis thrusting forward, her pussy searching for stimulation to achieve its single minded goal. Cleo strained in a similar state, her pelvis thrust forward in time with Francine. Their bodies made faint slapping sounds as they crashed together. It was like fucking ghosts, all the sound and motion with none of the stimulation.
The desperation for more gave Francine the strength to break the kiss and push away from Cleo. Her eyes focused on Cleo's tits. She wanted to play with them, experience them but didn't have the time. Intending a quick caress, she reached out but her hands seemed to have a mind of their own. She took her friends breasts in her hands and squeezed. Gentle at first then with more force, more passion. Cleo moaned and leaned into Francine's grip. Again, Francine wanted more experience. Things went so fast it barely dawned on her she felt up another woman before she found herself moving to the next stage.
Francine found Cleo's nipple with her mouth and tongued the rubbery flesh before sucking it into the hot wet cave of her mouth. The erotic sensation of pulling another woman inside her was beyond description. She lavished the swollen and crinkled areole with a few more flicks of her tongue. Then, needing more, she squeezed Cleo's other breast as tight as she dared. She stretched her mouth as wide as possible and sucked harder until Cleo's nipple touched the back of her throat. Cleo moaned and dug her fingers into Francine's shoulder much the way Sam had. It wouldn't be long before Cleo came against Francine's body. Soon she would come against Francine's mouth!
The time had come, Cleo's need rose as high as possible. Francine had no doubt she could make her friend orgasm with a few well placed strokes of her fingers. Francine released Cleo's breasts and scooted back a little, giving room for Cleo to sprawl on the carpet. "Lay down." The words came out as a growl. Francine's intense need became painful. When Cleo came, she intended to make her friend immediately return the favor.
Cleo rolled onto her back and spread her legs so wide she did the splits. She displayed every secret she had to the whole room. Francine looked down at her. Her open and swollen pussy begged to be fucked. The evidence of Cleo's arousal spread all over her vulva. Her sex looked smooth and shiny and inviting. Her clit pushed out from it's hiding place, swollen and throbbing like a miniature cock. Cleo reached out for Francine, beckoning her with her arms.
Francine groaned as she slid between Cleo's thighs. She wanted to take more time, to explore and map her new lover's contours. There wasn't as much time as she wanted, but she knew enough to savor the gift spread before her. When she had her head in position she slid her arms under Cleo's thighs and reached up for her friends breasts. When she squeezed the soft mounds in her hands, Cleo's hands covered hers. She squeezed Francine's hands as Francine squeezed her breasts.
They made eye contact. Cleo's eyes went wide, as if afraid. Francine wasn't afraid, she was as eager for Cleo's pussy as she had been for Sam's cock. Her heart pounded even harder and her breath came in shuddering gasps. She inhaled the musk of Cleo's desire and inched her mouth closer to Cleo's sex. Her lover moaned in anticipation, their eyes never broke contact.
At last Francine's lips brushed Cleo's sex. Cleo moaned again. Francine thought she heard another moan. It must have been one of the men. She covered her friends sex with her mouth, sucking just hard enough to keep Cleo's sex in place. Then she stuck out her tongue and licked from the base of Cleo's vulva up to her clit. All the new textures to explore were slick with Cleo's arousal. What would it be like to go down on her before she was slick and open? What would it be like to feel a woman swell and moisten under her mouth? She promised herself she'd find out later.
Once her tongue slid across Cleo's clit, she moved it back down for a second attempt. This time she pushed as deep into Cleo's vagina as she could reach before licking up and finding Cleo's clit again. It looked like Cleo stopped breathing. Her belly fluttered and her pelvis pushed up against Francine's mouth.
Francine took the hint. She continued licking from the bottom of Cleo's sex up to her clit, gradually building up speed. It took maybe half a minute of this treatment before Cleo screamed out her release. Her body bucked and her pussy flooded Francine's mouth. Francine kept licking and squeezing Cleo's tits. Her friend started to calm down then her body convulsed again; her thighs squeezed around Francine's head. Cleo released Francine's hands and gripped her head, pulling Francine tighter against her pussy as her pelvis bucked, heralding a third orgasm.
When Cleo started to relax Francine increased her speed with her tongue but Cleo pushed her head away. "Enough! I can't come again. I need to rest. God, I need water!" Sometime during the throes of orgasm, Cleo had broken into a sweat. It made her skin look a little darker and shiny.
"Not yet." Again, Francine's voice came out like a growl. It was Cleo's turn to give Francine her release and she needed it. Now. "It's my turn."
"I know. Give me a minute to catch my breath."
"No. Now." Francine didn't know what possessed her. Instead of sprawling on the floor like Cleo, she crawled up her body. The tips of her nipples dragged across Cleo's skin. Even that light touch sent waves of pleasure to Francine's core. When she came face to face with Cleo, she kissed her, letting her friend taste the combination of Francine's mouth and her own juices. Cleo didn't hesitate, tasting herself on another women's mouth didn't bother her. Francine had no idea if it would bother her, but she'd find out soon enough.
After they shared a brief kiss - Francine lacked the patience for a longer one - she continued crawling up Cleo's body. When her pussy hovered over her friends face, she looked down her body into Cleo's eyes. Her friend snaked her arms under Francine's thighs then wrapped her fingers around Francine's swollen, aching breasts and squeezed. The pressure brought a moan out of Francine. She leaned into Cleo's hands wanting the sensation to last forever but also wanting more. Then, before Francine put thoughts into words, she felt the most exquisite sensation against her pussy.
Cleo licked from Francine's perineum up to her clit and back down. It felt like her whole tongue spread across the entire width of her labia. When she reached Francine's clit, her little button felt swamped by Cleo's tongue. The second time Cleo's tongue made the journey across Francine's sex, her vagina practically sucked Cleo's tongue into her channel. She had never felt a tongue go so deep inside her before. It felt like being fucked and eaten at the same time.
Her lover must have sensed how good it felt because she stopped and lavished the inner walls of Francine's pussy with attention. Cleo used her tongue to explore every surface of Francine's pussy within reach. Is this what it felt like for Cleo when Francine ate her? No wonder she came so often.
Then it happened. Francine reached the tipping point. She forced her eyes open and looked into Cleo's lust filled face. Francine stiffened, her muscles straining as the pleasure built past the point of no return. Even if Cleo stopped working her pussy, she'd come. Cleo must have felt Francine's body plunge toward orgasm. She centered her tongue over Francine's clit and licked. Francine's whole body locked. Her pussy contracted, flooding her with pleasure. Instead of relaxing and contracting, it kept squeezing, prolonging her pleasure. She floated there for an eternity, unable to breathe, unable to scream out her pleasure. Cleo's hands left her tits. Her friends fingers pushed deep into Francine's pussy, forcing their way into her clutching body. At last, Francine's pussy relaxed and clutched again. Pleasure ripped a scream out of her. Incoherent syllables echoed off the walls. Her pussy spasmed to the rhythm of orgasm. Each contraction shot a shock wave through her body. She arched to the unforgiving pleasure. Her breasts swayed violently at each contraction. The movement fueled her pleasure, prolonging it beyond anything she experienced before. Pinpricks of light filled her vision. She screamed again and grabbed her breasts, squeezing with harsh force.
Her orgasm rolled over her. It seemed to last forever but as her body calmed she regretted the experience ended so soon. The intense orgasm should have left her well spent. She never came so hard before, didn't know it was possible. Still, her pussy tingled, aching to be filled and fucked. Francine sprawled on her side and breathed like she ran a marathon. She needed more.
Cleo lay on her back with her eyes closed, looking satisfied and breathing heavy. Francine doubted she'd be good for another fuck for a little while. Despite the show she put on, Sam's cock wasn't hard, at least not hard enough to fuck her the way she wanted to be fucked. Then her gaze fell on James. He looked in agony. In fact he looked much the way Francine looked before Cleo tongued her to the best orgasm of her life. She smiled at him and crawled in his direction, making sure to pull her shoulders back to show the sway of her breasts as she moved. Watching his eyes watch her swinging tits set Francine on fire again. She squeezed her thighs together as she crawled, putting friction and pressure on her pussy. It wasn't enough to make her come, but it felt fantastic.
When she reached James, she put her hands on his knees and levered herself up. "I need you. Please fuck me." Francine never said anything like that before. Instead of embarrassing her, it turned her on even more and she meant it too. She'd do almost anything to have a cock thrusting into her hungry hole.
James lurched to his feet and yanked his pants and shorts down. Clear liquid covered the head of his cock. Francine grabbed his shaft and forced the head into her mouth, tasting him while cleaning the head of his penis. He jerked at the sudden pleasure and thrust his cock deeper into her mouth. She took him as deep as she had Sam. He wouldn't last very long but she didn't care as long as he pulled another orgasm from her. That shouldn't be too hard. She was so hot she wouldn't last long either.
Francine lay on her back and spread her legs wide. James practically fell on her. She found his cock with her hand and guided him to her entrance. Once he felt her hot, slick opening against the tip of his cock, his body took over and he thrust fast and deep into her. The sudden invasion left her on the edge of coming. So many years passed since she had sex she tightened enough that he felt huge inside her. Not too huge, and not uncomfortable, but full and satisfied.
"Oh my god!" James eyes glazed over. He fucked deep into her. His cock thrust into her with enough force she felt her ass slide on the carpet. "I'm sorry. I can't . . . I can't . . . I'm going to . . . " his breath came fast and labored. His body took control. He stopped being a man fucking a woman and became a rutting beast. She did that to him. She drove a man half her age beyond his control.
"It's okay." Francine squeezed him with her thighs and grabbed his ass with both hands. "Fuck me!" His lust and enthusiasm brought her to the edge again. The friction of his cock against the slick walls of her vagina brought her more pleasure than she imagined possible. He slid into her, filling her, pressing his pubic mound against her clit. He pulled out, leaving her empty. Then slammed back in again. Each time he pressed against her clit she almost came. Something stopped her. She balanced on the edge, hovering between pain and ecstasy. She needed something, one extra bit of stimulation.
"I can't . . . stop!" James' whole body clinched, he arched off her, throwing his head back. His face locked in a rictus of ecstasy that looked like pain.
"Don't . . . stop." Francine's breath came as fast as his. "Fuck me, come in me. Come deep inside me!"
She didn't know if it was her encouragement or if he reached the end of his endurance, but he howled in triumph. He convulsed against her and she felt his cock throb. When he spilled himself inside her, she claimed her own orgasm. Her pussy spasmed around his cock, squeezing him in her core.
Even after he came, he continued sliding in and out of her, his cock still rock hard.
"You feel so good!" James continued fucking her. If he kept this up, she would come again. He moved in and out of her slower, with less force, but no less intent. He strained, about to come again. Her head rolled to the side and she groaned, about to come again too. After two mind blowing orgasms she should be spent and satisfied. Instead her pussy, starved for sex for so long hungered for more. Her vagina, loose and relaxed after her orgasm began to tighten again. She felt that wonderful part of her body build with new tension and squeezed him with her gentle grip as he worked in her.
Francine heard movement to her left and opened her eyes. Cleo got up, her eyes glued to Francine and James as they fucked with abandon in front of her.
"You are so fucking hot." Cleo moved next to Sam and grabbed his erection. "He hasn't gotten this hard this fast since he was your age." Still facing Francine Cleo straddled Sam and positioned his penis at her opening. She hovered with the tip of his cock nestled against her vulva, framed by her pussy lips. "Take a good look."
Francine stared with open fascination to where Cleo and Sam were about to be connected. She wanted nothing more than to watch Cleo sink down on Sam's cock. She wanted to watch the shaft she worshiped with her mouth minutes ago disappear into the pussy she tasted so recently. Still, Cleo didn't move, and oh god, James pounding into her felt so good.
"You really want to watch my husband fuck me, don't you?" Cleo had a wicked gleam in her eyes.
"Yes . . . please." Another orgasm approached. Francine tilted her hips up to meet each thrust from James. He was close as well, his speed picked up and his thrusts became more frantic.
"Then tell me, in detailed and explicit language, what you're doing."
Was that all? Francine was so far gone in a haze of lust and depravity, she had no problem with that. Well, she had one problem; she couldn't catch her breath. Even so, that was no excuse to not try. She took a few seconds to think of the nastiest way to describe her experience. She wanted to shock Cleo and arouse her with her words.
"A man half my age is fucking the hell out of my cunt."
Cleo gasped and her eyes went wide. Francine knew she turned her friend on. The older woman, her friend, her lover, shuddered from those words. Good, she had more.
"I'm about to watch a cock I felt in my mouth and came all over my tits sink into your pussy. He's going to come in you. When he does, I'll cover your cunt with my mouth and suck every drop out of you. Then you'll suck it out of my mouth."
"Who would have thought . . . " said Sam, repeating himself from earlier. He gripped Cleo's shoulders and pushed her down.
Francine's eyes left Cleo's face and returned to the lewd scene Cleo had on display. Her pussy lips still framed Sam's shaft and her juices glistened across the head of is cock.
James fucked her even harder now. Her body rocked back with each thrust. She felt her tits rock up and down. Even if she didn't follow through with what she told Cleo, it didn't matter. The words and image were enough. They would all come soon.
Cleo sank down on Sam's cock with glacial slowness. James thrust into her in time with each inch disappearing inside her best friends pussy. Another inch. James pounded into her. Then Sam sank all the way inside his wife. Just as slowly, Cleo lifted herself off his cock. When she reached the head, she started back down. His inflamed cock shown with Cleo's wetness. Francine smelled their arousal from the floor.
Francine's climax loomed on the horizon. It wouldn't be long before James' steady pace brought her off. Every time he pushed into her, rubbed her clit with his pubic bone, he brought her that much closer to release. Cleo exacerbated the pleasure, made it so her orgasm flew toward her instead of running. Cleo should be fucking her husband like James fucked Francine. Instead she moved with deliberate slowness, putting on a show for Francine. For Francine, watching her best friends cock disappear inside her other best friends cunt was the most erotic and stimulating thing she ever saw.
"Fuck me, fuck me hard and fast." Francine pulled on James' ass, encouraging him to fuck her faster. The fifth time Francine watched Sam's cock disappear inside Cleo pushed her over the edge. She bucked under James as his cock drove her to her third orgasm.
Francine groaned and her clenching pussy pushed James to his orgasm. He flooded her pussy with his come. Her pussy flooded in response. The slaps of their bodies took on a wetter sound, like someone slapping water in a pool. Even as her orgasm began to fade that sound drew her into another orgasm. She gripped his cock with her pussy, his ass with her hands and his hips with her thighs. Even in the throws of her orgasm she kept her eyes glued to Cleo and Sam. His shining cock slid out of her then slowly back inside. How was it possible her orgasms stretched past seconds and into minutes?
At last James' cock softened and slipped out of her. He rolled off her and sighed. Four orgasms should have left her unconscious, but the sights and smells spurred her on. Her pussy stopped demanding attention, but she was still locked in a cycle of desire. If she kept watching Sam and Cleo fuck she'd be throbbing and aching for more in a matter of minutes.
Damn William for denying her for so long that once she got a taste she couldn't stop. Or should she thank him? If not for his denial she never would have come to this point in time and space. To experience such a range of lust and debauchery. People had words for what she was now, what she wanted to be. She owned them proudly.
Cleo slid off Sam's penis. Sam groaned as his hard cock slapped against his belly.
Francine fought down a wave of disappointment. She wanted to watch Sam's cock swell and his balls tighten as he came inside his wife. Her disappointment was short lived. Cleo wasn't done fucking yet, she just picked a different partner.
Cleo slithered between Francine's legs. She grabbed Francine's ass and tilted her pussy up. "This is the sloppiest pussy I've ever seen!" She grinned up at Francine and licked her lips. Francine wanted to ask how many well fucked pussies she saw, but decided against it. Then her thoughts scattered as Cleo clamped her mouth to Francine's entrance. Her friend sucked hard at her pussy and delved deep into her vagina with her tongue. Five! Francine's eyes rolled back as Cleo's suction brought her arousal to life again, promising a fifth orgasm.
Before Francine achieved her fifth orgasm, Cleo stopped working her pussy. She slid up Francine's body, their sweaty skin slid against each other as easily as James' cock slid inside her. When she looked Francine eye to eye, grin to grin, she tilted her head and pushed her lips against Francine's. Francine didn't wait for Cleo to push against her lips with her tongue. When she figured out Cleo's intent, she opened her mouth in greeting. Instead of welcoming Cleo's tongue, she felt a flood of liquid in her moth. Her eyes opened wide as she realized what Cleo fed her. The combination of Cleo's saliva, James' come and her own juices filling her mouth made her pussy spasm. She swallowed it all then fell into the kiss Cleo started. Somewhere in the back of her mind Francine knew her actions should repulse her. They didn't and she didn't want them to. She had no idea how much time had passed since she agreed to Sam and Cleo's proposal, but it was among the best times of her life. Her tingling, throbbing sex made sure she knew this good time wasn't over yet.
Francine let her tongue dance with Cleo's as her lovers lips, slick with Francine's fluids slid across her own lips. Cleo must be exhausted from all the sex because all too soon she pulled away from Francine and rolled to the side. Her sigh sounded much the same way James' had. Francine groaned, she wanted more. Her pussy still starved for pleasure. She looked past Cleo's body, her sweat slicked breasts rising and falling with her deep breathing and saw Sam. He gripped the arms of his chair and his cock stood up, rock hard.
Francine got to her feet and straddled him. His cock throbbed with desire and Francine wasn't in a mood to tease. She gripped him, positioning him at her entrance and slipped him inside her. She slid down his length as slowly as Cleo had. Once he sank as deep into her as he could, she adjusted her position to bounce on his lap.
Francine put her hands on his shoulders and slid up and down his length. "Grab my tits. Hold them. Squeeze them. Suck them." Sam's hands left the arms of the chair and covered her breasts. She leaned forward, closing the distance between her hard nipple and his hot, wet, wanting mouth. Sam met her half way. He squeezed her tits as his mouth sucked on her nipple. Then he bit into her. Not hard enough to hurt, but hard enough for her to feel her soft flesh yield to the pressure. In her high state of arousal he could bite her harder than normal. She relished the sensation, wanted more. She slid up and down his cock faster. It felt so good. The slick friction drove her pleasure higher. If his moans and the frantic, distracted way he mauled her tits was any indication, he hovered as close to coming as she did.
"James, stand here." Cleo guided James until he stood right next to Sam and Francine. His cock pointed right at Francine's mouth. Cleo stood behind James, pushing her tits into his back while her hands stroked up and down his torso. "Go ahead, Francine. I got him hard for you. Suck him off. You know you want to."
Francine leaned forward until she took James into her mouth. She couldn't blow him as well as she had Sam, not while riding his cock to her next orgasm. She still managed to take him deep, to feel the slide of his cock between her lips. The second she slid her tongue across the bottom of his cock she tasted Cleo. She must have fucked him before she gave him to Francine.
It took Francine a few seconds to get her rhythm but she managed it. When she slid up Sam's cock she took James into her mouth. When she came back down on Sam, letting his cock go deep into her pussy she slid up on James until the tip of his cock nestled between her lips. Once she had the rhythm down, she smiled with pride at fucking two men at the same time. By the sounds they made, she did a damn fine job of it.
I'm fucking two men at the same time! The realization broke her rhythm. Not in her darkest, most private fantasies had she ever imagined this. Francine slammed down on Sam's cock and froze in place. James penis throbbed against her lips. Sam sucked and fondled one breast. James reached down to hold her other tit. He tweaked and pinched her nipple. It all felt good, but the realization of fucking two men at once is what did it for her. She wiggled her hips, rubbing her clit against Sam. This orgasm ripped through her almost taking her by surprise. This time, instead of bucking and thrashing, she froze in a rictus of pleasure. Her heart stopped. Her whole body froze, except her pussy spasming around Sam's cock.
When her body calmed she had to take James' cock out of her mouth to catch her breath. Her heart pounded like a red-lined engine.
"I'm close. Don't stop now," Sam said after a few seconds.
"I... don't think . . . I can." Francine still hadn't caught her breath.
A sharp sting spread across Francine's ass cheek and the sound of Sam slapping her bottom filled her ears and vibrated through her pussy. She felt the shock wave across her ass and down her thighs. Francine heard herself moan and her pussy burned with need. One little slap stoked the fires of her core like she hadn't come yet.
"He's right." Cleo gripped James' cock and tapped it against her lips. "You can't stop now."
"Hell no!" Francine sucked James back into her mouth and managed to find her rhythm again.
James' body stiffened and he lost his rhythm and thrust reflexively into her mouth. Francine neglected Sam to concentrate on James' pleasure. She wanted to taste him, to swallow his gift, to take his essence as deep into her body as possible. His balls tightened in her hand. Cleo pulled him out of Francine's mouth to take him in her own. The first shot of come landed on their cheeks but Cleo got the rest. Francine watched her throat work and knew Cleo wouldn't share this time. It didn't matter, though. When the first blast of come landed on her, she came again, though not as intense as the last time. James' cock slipped from Cleo's mouth. Cleo turned her attention to Francine. She licked across Francine's jaw where James' sperm landed, cleaning her. "Don't forget Sam."
Francine didn't know how she forgot the cock stuffed up her sated pussy, but she had. Adjusting her position on Sam, she looked in his eyes while he played with her tits. Doing her best to pleasure him, she rode his cock until she felt it flex inside her and watched him groan through his pleasure. She rocked on him, letting him stay inside her until he softened and fell out.
She stumbled to a chair and sprawled in it, too tired to care about her lewd position. Everyone else slumped in similar states of exhaustion.
Francine looked down the length of her sweaty body and knew she reeked of sex. Her head rolled back, she hadn't felt this good in a long time. Recalling the things she just did, she knew she should blush. Over this morning she went from prim housewife to wanton slut. If she passed this test, and there was no way she didn't, then she'd go from slut to whore in the next five minutes.
"Did I pass your test?"
Cleo snorted derisively. "What do you think?"
"Good. When do I start?"