Much props to Dean (dmarqt2000) for helping with this chapter and many others.
*
Opening my eyes, I was lying in bed, which reeked of sweat and sex with dried cum everywhere. Mom wasn't in the room. Not feeling fresh, I decided to take a shower before Mom wanted another round of sex.
Entering the master bath, I began showering off the layers of sweat and sex. The door opened and my mother entered with the biggest smile and said, "Starting without me?"
"I'm ready for more," I said, "Let's clean off the sex from our bodies before we begin again." We spent a long time slowly and sensuously soaping and rinsing off each other. As time went on, our arousal was apparent through our outward indications (my cock was fully engorged, her nipples were hard and pussy was dripping wet.
I groaned as Mom was soon deepthroating me in the shower, her wet hair hanging over her firm tits as her face slammed into my crotch. She pulled me out and slammed my swollen cock head against her tits.
"Are you any closer baby?" she asked desperately. I shook my head and she again took me down, making me moan louder as she sucked me off. I blew my load down her throat and onto her face.
Finally, we were in her bedroom, Mom's tits bouncing as I gripped her ass, my balls beginning to churn. As I was forcing my cock deeper into her heavenly treasure, my mother's breast movements were hypnotising me, which delayed my impending release.
"Yes Robby!!" Mom screamed, "cum inside me, claim my pussy as yours!!!"
Upon these words, I erupted, blasting my seed into her cunt. As we came down from our sexual highs, she then looked at the clock, seeing it was 10:35.
"Well, I have missed work thanks to you." she said, "and you have missed school. Do you know what this makes us?"
"Irresponsible?" I asked.
"What? No! A mother and son who are going to fuck all day and we have abandoned our other responsibilities."
I smiled and kissed her before we pulled the covers over us and did just that.
Around 6 pm, the bedside phone rang and mother picked it up. "Hi Rachel! Thank you for helping with Robby. No, Robby can't come over because I know Oliver is not there on Saturday."
She said. Even though it was through the phone receiver, I could hear Rachel saying, "You BITCH!!! Do not monopolize Robby for yourself!"
Putting the phone on mute, I told Mom, that I'm going to visit Rachel tomorrow. Besides, without Rachel this would never have happened.
Her face temporarily showed shock but she realized that our relationship is not the only one. She smiled and kissed me softly and informed Rachel of my decision.
******
The next morning, I went over to Oliver's house, found Rachel in the kitchen. I wrapped my arms around her waist, rubbing her pregnant belly. My male ego and manhood increased knowing I'm the father of the life growing inside her.
"Hello Robby," Rachel greeted me briefly but then she moved away. "Allie is still here", she whispered.
I groaned my disappointment. "What story did you tell her about my visit, especially with Oliver not being here," I inquired.
Allie came downstairs wearing a string bikini that barely left anything concealed and saw us in the kitchen. "Hi Mom and Robby. Why is he here? Oliver is visiting Dad."
Allie questioned. Rachel quickly responded, "He is helping me with some yard work. Unless you would like be his substitute?"
Allie quick response was typical, "No Mom, I have plans to swim and tan with Julia at Ellie's house."
"When can I expect your return? Should I plan for you at dinner?" Rachel inquired.
"Some time tonight, after dinner" Allie replied.
"Well, have fun baby" Rachel said as Allie left.
As the door closed, I stared deeply at Rachel with a big shit-eating grin on my face. When I heard the door latch, I bolted to Rachel and wrapped my arms around her newly expanded waist and began kissing her.
She pulled away. "Don't worry Robby," Rachel whispered softly, "we have plenty of time together soon enough."
I responded, "OK but I'm only waiting a few minutes for her to get away from home. Then I'm ravaging your body."
I stepped back but stared at Rachel. She saw the raw lust in my eyes. I saw her with her larger breasts and pregnant belly and it only made me more insane with passion. Rachel fuelled my lust by gently stroking her pregnant midriff and pinched an erect nipple.
"Before we begin honey, I want to say, be careful stoking my lust. I do not want to hurt you and our unborn child" I warned.
She responded, "I'm not worried because I know that through everything, you will treat me as a slut but not hurt our child."
I closed the gap between us and began kissing her passionately. Rachel began stripping off my clothes and I untied her robe and dropped it on the floor next to my clothes. I moved us toward the kitchen table and bent her over it.
"It's time to reclaim my woman. Are you ready for Daddy?" I growl.
"Yes Daddy. Momma is ready for her man to claim his property!" Rachel hissed.
I slowly and steadily slid my 14" cock into her warm and very wet pussy.
"Daddy's home" I groaned. When I bottomed out, I stopped to relish the incredible feelings being perceived through my cock. I began to piston in and out of her pussy and began developing a nice rhythm. The sounds emanating from Rachel told me she was enjoying it as much as I was.
"Harder Daddy! I need it harder, faster and deeper!" Rachel screamed.
I increased the speed and aggressiveness of my fucking. Grabbing a hold of her hips, the slapping of flesh became louder and more pronounced.
As Rachel's sounds became erotic and louder, I used one hand to gently stroke her pregnant belly, which elicited a loud purr from her. The other hand reached up and began tweaking her erect nipples, which elicited a shriek.
"Who owns this pussy? Who is the man who made you pregnant? Am I man enough for you?" I screamed.
"Yes Daddy! You are the MAN, baby! You are the father of our baby! You are more man than anyone I've ever met. You knocked me up on our first encounter. You are the ultimate man!" she declared.
I wrapped her hair around my hand and gently pulled. As she arched her back and began to impale herself on my steel rod, we were completely driven into a frenzy.
Suddenly, Rachel screamed, "I'm cumming Daddy! I'm yours forever!" Her clenching pussy drove me over the edge. "I cumming too! Take my load woman. You are mine!" I screamed.
We both screamed and groaned as our orgasms elevated and declined. Before I completely recovered, I said "I love you Momma!
"I love you too Daddy!" was her response, holding hands and keeping intimate skin to skin contact.
We spent several minutes bent over the table breathing heavily. I rubbed her pregnant belly and encountered Rachel's hand. We intertwined our fingers and jointly rubbed together. Rachel purred softly with her motherhood.
Eventually, we both stood up and began passionately kissing. "Shall we go to our bedroom?" She purred.
"Our bedroom?" I questioned.
"The only person sleeping in there besides me is you Daddy" she said with a smile. I then picked her up and began walking toward our bedroom.
She put her arm around my waist and placed her head on my chest. I wrapped my arm around her waist and with her intertwined fingers stroked her pregnancy.
We closed the door and proceeded to have a sexual marathon together. I was surprised at her stamina considering her condition. Unfortunately, after 4 hours of non-stop vigorous sex, she gave out and fell into a deep slumber.
After an hour, we awoke and decided to take a shower to clean up. We used this opportunity for a little anal sex in the shower. When we returned to our bedroom, the door was left cracked open. We began another lengthy sex session.
******
Unfortunately, Allie returned home early from her pool party. Her initial greeting (after she entered the house) was not heard through our vigorous lovemaking.
She was about to repeat her greeting when she heard the unmistakable sounds of sex. Initially she was curious about who it could be because her mother has played coy about who the father of her child. Camped outside the door, she learned more than she expected.
"Yes Robby! Drive your perfect cock into your slut's pussy! Prove to me why you are the father of our child! Split my pussy in half Daddy!" screeched Rachel.
Allie was floored by her mother's inadvertent confession. She wondered how her mother could be screwing Robby who was Oliver's best friend. He was strong and tall but she had never developed any sexual feelings for him.
As she was contemplating her current plight, her ears were filled with X rated language from Robby & her mother. Without realizing it, the language was turning her on. She felt her nipples were hardening and her pussy was becoming moist.
Eventually, her curiosity got the better of her. She slowly opened the door to look in. Her gaze saw her naked pregnant mother on all fours getting aggressively fucked by Robby "doggystyle".
She saw her mother's large and firm pregnant breasts and belly shaking from the strong powerful strokes from Robby. Allie noted that Robby was stroking Mom's pregnant belly. It was both erotic and romantic.
"Do you like my big cock filling your slut ass?" Who is your daddy? Who is the father of your child?" Robby screamed at her.
"You are Daddy. You are our child's Daddy!" Rachel shrieked.
Suddenly, Allie noticed that Robby turned his head toward the door.
******
Our eyes met and Allie saw the lust in my eyes. Allie was beginning to leave when I began to remove my cock from Rachel's ass. Allie mouth dropped as she watched my massive cock exit her mother's body. It was clear she had never seen one that big (not even in porn). The cock was wet with her mother's sexual juices. Without realizing it, Allie licked her lips.
I slowly re-sheathed my cock inside Rachel's pussy. As we began to restart the sex session, Allie stopped leaving and her eyes were glued to the erotic scene. I noticed Allie began to squeeze her large breasts. This action was easier in her tiny bikini.
They were not as large as her mother's (especially now pregnant) but Allie had E cup breasts. On her 18 year old body, they seemed to float high and seemed to defy gravity. I then saw her reach down and was playing with her pussy.
Our eyes met again and I motioned to Allie to leave the room (as I announced that I was about to cum). Rachel reached her climax (loudly). Allie must have waited outside the door for our climax. I envisioned her silently cumming outside the door.
This even seemed to make me cum harder, blasting Rachel full of my seed as I gripped her boobs tightly. After we regained our breathing, Allie yelled for her mother, having gone back to the front door. Rachel was shaken terribly by her announcement.
She quickly got up and put on some clothes, spraying perfume to cover the odor of her recent sexual marathon. She told me to change the sheets and take a shower while she greeted her daughter.
******
Rachel descended the stairs and greeted her daughter.
"Where's Robby?" inquired Allie (knowing full well what had happened.)
"He's taking a shower. The yard work got him sweaty." Rachel replied.
'Sure he got sweaty from yard work. More like from tilling your garden' Allie thought.
"Allie did you get too much sun? You look flush." Rachel asked.
"Really? Maybe you are right. I need to go to my room and rest." Rachel smiled and headed into the kitchen to finish cooking.
I was leaving the bathroom fully clothed as Allie neared her room.
"Allie, please do not say anything to your mother about earlier. She does not need the stress in her condition." I asked.
"Right now, I need to go to my room and ponder this arrangement in this house." Allie responded.
"That's fair. If you want to talk about it, just let me know." I comforted her. Allie disappeared into her room with a wink.
I descended the stairs and met Rachel in the kitchen. We cautiously kissed. I told her to take a shower and get some rest. I'll also order and pay for a pizza for you & Allie. Tell her about the delivery in case you are fast asleep.
"Yes Daddy" she whispered. I quickly kissed told her I love her and left.
On my way home, I was wondering about Allie, 'What is she thinking about now?"
******
In Allie's room, she lay on her bed, replaying the scene through her mind. Robby's hot body above her mother's and filling her with his massive dick.
She thought, 'Mom certainly enjoyed Robby's big cock. I wonder what sensations it included. Could I take that massive cock in my tiny pussy? It was so long and thick and his cum was potent because Mom's pregnancy proved. Mom's attitude has never been better since becoming pregnant (which according to their sex talk occurred during their first session).'
Allie lay on her bed contemplating these thoughts and others. Instinctively, she began touching herself. Suddenly, she realized her actions and was shaken up.
'Am I really developing lust for my brother's friend?'
******
I did not hear anything from Allie for several days after the revelation of my affair with her mother. Friday, I received a text from Rachel asking me to meet her at Ellie's house at 1 pm and bring my swimsuit. My return text read 'What about Oliver?'
The reply read 'He's on a college visit with his father.'
'Great I'll be there for suntan lotion duty' was my final text.
Much to my mother's consternation, I arrived at Ellie's house at the designated time. As I walked to the door, I saw Ellie's and Allie's car but not Rachel's car. With a little nervousness, I knocked on the door and Ellie answered, her gigantic and firm bust greeting me first.
"Hi Robby! I'm surprised to see you. Why are you here?" questioned Ellie.
As I walked inside, I told Ellie I was invited by Rachel. "Well she's not here" was Ellie's response.
Suddenly, Allie and Julia entered the room and stated, "I sent the text from Mom's phone. We invited him."
"What are you girls up to?" inquired Ellie.
"It's a slightly private matter Mom," replied Julia.
"Ok, I won't ask too many questions. You are adults and able to handle adult situations but I need to talk to Robby first. Go out back and sit by the pool. I'll send him out when I finished talking to him." said Ellie.
Ellie and I moved into her bedroom and began to kiss passionately. Our hands were roaming over each other's body. Finally, she separated from me and stared deeply into my eyes (as she was trying to regulate her breathing).
"Robby, we need to talk. I have something important you need to know. I'm pregnant with your child. I'm about two months along." Ellie reported shyly.
I couldn't contain myself and I drew her into bear hug. We kissed and stared into each other's eyes. I pulled back and placed my hand on the slight bulge on her once flat stomach. She put her hand on top of mine and we rubbed together as we stared into each other's eyes.
"Ellie, I am so happy for us. It was totally unexpected. Do you know when it happened?" I asked.
"I think it was our first time at the beach house, when you and Rachel broke me in" she said with a sexy giggle.
"Wow, I must really be potent because Rachel became pregnant after our first time, so she is a couple months ahead of you. Are you happy about this baby, because I am ecstatic? " I stated.
"At first I was shocked because I thought that I was too old to get pregnant. I then remembered our encounter at the beach house and the few encounters since then and I believed this unborn child was made from love. So YES, I am very happy about this child and I hope you will be a good father to her or him." stated Ellie.
"Have you told Julia yet?" I asked. Her response was a slow shake of her head No and said, "I haven't told her yet. I wanted to tell you first and then figure out how I will tell her."
"I understand. I won't say a word." I whispered in her ear. Pulling away from her face, I said "Maybe it would be a good idea to talk to Rachel about this situation. You MILFs can talk about how you were both knocked up by a young stud and accumulate a little "mother" time together." I said with a smile on my face.
She pulled away and found her purse. We kissed each other again with passion and rubbed her newly pregnant body. She closed the door and I changed into my swimming trunks and walked out back. Walking through the doorway, I was stopped dead in my tracks.
Both girls (now women) were lying on chairs with very tiny bikinis. Their bodies had grown from tomboy to sexpot in the last 6 months. Allie wore a blue bikini which highlighted her E cup breasts, long muscular legs and pert round butt.
Julia wore a black bikini which highlighted her F cup breasts, shorter but muscular legs and a more pronounced butt. These were not girls they are women at the beginning of maturity.
******
"Well Allie, you wanted to get me here under false pretences for some reason. Well I'm here and Ellie left to go visit Rachel. We are all alone to discuss anything you want." I said, not hiding my frustration.
"Robby, I've been thinking about what I saw last Saturday and I've talked to Julia about it as well." Allie started to say.
Looking concerned, I said "Why did you tell her about Rachel and me? It was supposed to be a secret."
"Robby, I had not intended to tell her about it until she told me about Ellie. She said that she found a positive pregnancy test in the bathroom. Ellie is pregnant and we know you are the father. She knows that her father has not touched her mother in months." stated Allie.
"And you think just because you saw Rachel and me, that somehow, I had sex with Ellie as well?" I bluffed.
"Don't lie to us Robby. We saw and heard you three at the beach house, when you thought we were still at the beach." stated Julia.
"Ok ok, you busted us. I just found out today that Ellie is pregnant with my child and went to Rachel to discuss things. Julia, your mother will tell you in her own time. She wanted to tell me first but please at least act surprised when she tells you." I pleaded. She nodded understandingly.
Julia and Allie got up from the pool chairs and walked toward me. From the sexy gait, they looked like she-wolves on the hunt for prey. Staring at them, I must've looked a little gobsmacked.
Each one took a side and placed their arm around my waist drew themselves close. I could feel their large young firm breasts on my ribcage. Julia looked at Allie and nodded. Allie moved in front of me.
"I told Julia what I saw on Saturday. How you dominated my mother with your attitude and large cock. After you left, I knew that I wanted what Mom was getting."
"And after she told me," Julia continued, "we knew we both wanted you, like at the beach house. We want you to show us what sex is like with a REAL MAN. Boys our age know nothing and don't have your equipment." Julia emphasized this with a rub to my bulge.
"Are you sure? Most girls your age were always afraid of how large it was. Your mothers are addicted." I boasted.
"We are prepared for what you have. We want to feel the intensity of your cock in us." Allie replied.
"I doubt it but if you are willing, I'll give you all I got." I replied.
I drew Allie into my arms and we began to passionately kiss each other. Her hands were feeling up my body, tracing my toned stomach. With my right hand, I reached around and untied her bikini top.
With my left hand I reached around and untied Julia's bikini top. Each quickly took the hint and began to take off their now useless tops. I pulled back and saw those amazing breasts which defied gravity. They were not as big as their mothers' and also had absolutely no sag to them.
With my right hand, I placed them on her shoulder and pushed downward. Taking the hint, Allie kneeled in front of me and began palming my cock through the swimming trunks.
I could tell from the light cooing, she was impressed being so up close and personal. With my left hand, I wrapped it around Julia's waist and brought her in for her first soul stirring kiss. She quickly became more aggressive.
I pulled back and began staring at her large breasts. The nipples were every bit as big as Ellie or Rachel. I drove in head first into her cleavage and began lavishing affection and appreciation to her buoyant breasts.
Allie pulled down my swimming trunks and gasped when she saw my rock hard cock in her face. It was long and bloated as my intensity was increasing from the double trouble girls. She began licking my cock and kissing the tip.
I moaned softly while squeezing Julia's knockers, Allie gently moving her teeth over my head. "You know something Jule?"
"Mmmm..." Julia moaned as I sucked her squishy mounds, "what?"
"This is just about the best cock I have ever tasted." Allie said with a giggle, licking from my balls to my glans, paying special attention to under the head. "He tastes just like pussy and precum."
Her activity intensified taking me in her mouth. Her head began bobbing up and down on my meat pole. She was really doing a good job for a relative novice. She was certainly Rachel's daughter because she possessed the same fantastic oral skills.
Eventually, I had to stop my breast attention to Julia and said, "Fuck you are Rachel's daughter! You are a natural cocksucker. Try and take me as deep as possible. Your Mom can take my entire cock down her throat. Julia, take off those bikini bottoms. We are moving this party to the pool chair."
Julia complied immediately and Allie did as well. I lay on pool chair and told Allie to get back polishing my cock. Julia was told to sit on my chest and I moved her to allow me access to her shaved pussy.
"Julia, you shaved your pussy? Such a naughty girl, a slutty move. " I teased. Julia groaned as I began tonguing her pussy lips.
Allie piped up, "I shave too. Am I a naughty slut?"
"Two dirty little sluts!" I groaned, "EVEN BETTER!!!".
Allie began bobbing her head on my cock. I could feel her forcing more and more in her mouth. Eventually, I heard her gag a little. She refocused her efforts and suppressed her gag reflex and I felt my cock begin to slide down her throat.
"Good girl" I complimented Allie.
I was working over Julia's pussy. Beginning to lightly work her outer lips and then began focusing on her inner lips. My efforts were working because Julia was becoming a live wire screaming and grunting my praise.
I looked up and she was squeezing her breasts, pulling her nipples and even began sucking them in her mouth. It's a good thing she is so well endowed. As her rocking and rolling intensified, I reached around and began probing her puckered little anus.
"Oh My God. He's pushing a finger in my ass. It's like he put my engine into overdrive with it." Julia screamed. Eventually she screamed as her first orgasm hit her like a brick wall, screaming and coating my face with her juices. "I'M SQUIRTING!" she screeched! Her orgasm put me over the edge.
"Allie, I'm cumming! Get ready it's a huge one. Try to swallow all of it. Your mothers do." I screamed as my balls drew up and unloaded stream after stream into her hungry mouth.
She tried hard to take it all but couldn't and received a massive facial. Her entire face was covered with my thick white cum. After recovering Julia moved down and began to lick my seed off Allie's face.
"Holy crap Allie. You are covered with his cum. It's so thick and creamy and not like the boys I've slept with." Julia said.
"Ladies that is the difference between boys and men. Allie received a facial from a man, a REAL MAN." I boasted.
"You are so right Robby. You are definitely ALL MAN, a REAL MAN" purred Allie. The two then kissed, brushing their stiff nipples against my shaft, sharing my cum.
They then began to lick and suck along my length, collecting the remaining cum.
"Holy shit," Julia exclaimed while rubbing her pussy, "even his balls are so fucking tasty!" I then watched as both of my sluts took a swollen nut into their mouth and it was spectacular.
"Ok Ladies are you ready for round 2?" I boasted as I stood. I saw the shocked look in their eyes as they saw my cock had lost no hardness from the recent cum explosion.
"DAMN!!!" Julia exclaimed, pushing my cock down to watch it spring back up. "Tyler would be soft for at least 15 minutes after that."
"Allie, go into your mother's room and bring back her bottle of lube. You ladies may need some help during the next phase. For a cock like this, you will feel like a virgin." I boasted.
Allie left and I moved to Julia and directed her to the pool chair. Bending her over the chair, I ran my finger along her slit and her pussy was sopping wet.
She began to moan and groan at my teasing her. I lean over and whispered, "You will be the first one to feel my big cock into her pussy. I chose you because your pussy is wet and ready for me."
"Oh my god" she hissed, biting her lip as I continued to pleasure her cunt."
Allie returned with a bottle of turbo lube. She commented, "I'm not going to ask how you know Ellie had this bottle in her room."
I gave her a wicked smile. I told Allie my plan to fuck Julia first, which forced a pout from her.
"If you continue to pout, I will leave and neither of you will experience the ecstasy your mothers have." I warned.
Both girls stood in front of me with a sad look on their face and shook their heads no. I directed Allie to give me the bottle and to sit in the pool chair.
Then, I bent Julia over with her hands on the chair arms. I filled my hands with lube and thoroughly slathered my cock with the turbo lube, my cock shining in the grease and saliva.
Leaning over (near Julia's ear), I whispered, "I fucked both your mothers in this position at the beach house. You are about to know why they are addicted to me. Julia, after I get my cock into your pussy, I want you to start licking Allie's pussy."
Julia nodded silently as I took my slippery rock hard cock and began to run it up and down her slit. Julia was so ready for this fuck. She was moaning at this small activity and was moving her hips to try and get the cock into her pussy.
All preparation was done I finally pushed the head into her pussy. My initial thoughts were 'OH MY GOD she had the tightest pussy I've ever encountered. She's tighter than many asses I've fucked'
"OH SHIT. You are so huge!!!! It feels like you are splitting me in half. It hurts so much!!" Julia screamed.
She started to squirm and tried to disengage from me. I grabbed her hips hard and held them in place. My more powerful body was able to dominate her. As she continued to squirm, my cock was slowly entering her deeper.
Finally, I told her, "Stop moving. Allow your body to adjust and accommodate my cock. Even your mothers had to adjust to it. I won't force it into you. Tell me when the pain begins to subside."
After 7 minutes, Julia tapped my arm letting me know she was ready. I slowly and carefully pushed my dick into her. When I heard a squeak, I stopped and waited. This process continued until I got 8 inches into her.
"Ok, for your first time, I'll stop here and won't try to push in any further. Julia, wait 5 minutes and begin licking Allie's pussy." I stated.
I started to push in and out of her pussy. I could feel it loosening up and sliding easier. I could hear her groaning. When I saw she wasn't licking Allie yet, I took my hand and gave her firm ass a firm slap. Her skin barely moved, showed good muscle tone in her young body.
She squeaked and realized she wasn't holding up her end. Her head dipped down and began to eat out Allie's pussy. She was doing a good job because Allie was soon moaning and groaning.
"Julia, you really know how to eat pussy. Our time together is showing." Allie said.
Julia lifted her head and said "OH God Robby your cock is enlarging my pussy. You will ruin me for all men. Allie as good as you think I am, Robby's tongue is more talented than even mine."
Apparently, these two had shared some sack time together. I began to increase my speed and began pistoning in of her velvet pussy.
"Julia, what do you think of my cock? Do you now know why Ellie is addicted to my cock?" I taunted.
"Yes, yes I know why. I can feel you reshaping my pussy and making it only for your cock. Fuck me hard Daddy!" Julia screamed.
"Daddy? Am I now your daddy Julia?" I said (even though I already knew the answer).
"Yes you are my Daddy. Even after only a few minutes, I know I'm addicted to your cock. I want you to claim my pussy like you did my mother!" she screamed, bucking back at me.
I reached back and give her a hard slap on her ass. I did it over and over, which put her over the top.
"Robby, I'm cumming so hard you are a god to me. I am your young slut who offers her body to you over and over again." Julia shrieked.
As Julia went over the edge, Allie was pushed over the edge and began cumming in Julia's mouth.
"Julia, I'm cumming and it's harder than we've ever had together. It's like I'm getting more excited with your orgasm. I'm squirting so hard." Alice screamed.
I pulled Julia away from Allie and we saw her squirting like a fountain and screamed like a banshee. Both Allie and Julia were shaking like the temperature was below zero.
I moved Julia to another pool chair to allow her to progress through her orgasm. I stood between them watching them shake through the intense feelings. They both stared at me and I saw awe and reverence.
"Was it everything you thought it would be Julia?" I asked, while I slowly stroked my still hard cock.
"Oh MY, it was better than my wildest expectations. You have converted me. My pussy belongs to you now and only you. I hope my mother understands." Julia sighed.
"Rest up Julia. I must tell you that I haven't cum yet. Those times are even more intense but rest up now. Its Allie's turn to feel my steel rod. Are you ready Allie?" I taunted.
I pulled Allie out of the pool chair. Her body felt more compliant than earlier, weakened by watching me fuck her friend. I pull her into my arms and began to passionately kiss her. After a few minutes, I felt her beginning to respond to my activity.
I felt her hips to sway back and forth allowing my big cock to run across her pussy lips. With my left hand, I grabbed my cock and began to use it to tap her clit, which forced a squeak from her lips each time I tapped. I knew she was ready, so I moved her over to a nearby table. I grabbed the bottle of lube and thoroughly coated my cock.
"Are you ready Allie? Are you sure you want to feel this cock in your small tight pussy? Once it happens, you will be changed forever. Look what happened to Julia." I said as I stared deep in her eyes.
"Yes Robby. I want this more now than earlier. I've seen your effect on Mom and Julia and I want it to. So BAD. I want you to be my new Daddy." She hissed.
I began to slide the head into her slit. It seemed to slip into her easier than Julia. Her pussy must be dilated from our intense session. She wrapped her arms around my neck and buried her head into my chest. I could feel her tears rolling down my chest. I pulled away and looked her in the eyes.
"Are you ok baby? You are every bit as tight as Julia but I seemed to be able to push it in easier than her." I whispered.
"Don't bet on the pain. I can feel it but I am welcoming it because I can also feel the pleasure engulfing me." Allie hissed.
I began to slide in and out of her pussy. It was extremely tight but Allie was gritting her teeth and was pushing me to go faster and deeper. She was definitely her mother's daughter.
Julia frantically rubbed her pussy to us, squeezing and sucking her huge tits. "So fucking hot..." she moaned repeatedly. She then moved toward us and swung her leg over Allie's back, giving me a beautiful view of her perfect ass.
Pull from Allison, I slid into Julia's pussy, beginning to hammer her hard while fingering her friend.
"Miss me...?" I growled into Julia's ear.
She nodded emphatically as I gripped and slapped her right tit, making her scream loudly. I began to rapidly switch between the two delicious cunts, each seeming to surpass the other each time.
"Oh God Robby. You were so right. I can never go back after experiencing this pleasure. YES!!! Fuck that pussy!!!!." Julia screamed.
"Allie who owns this pussy? Am I still your new daddy? I taunted her.
"You own my pussy it is only for you. I'm going to cum so hard on your cock!!! I've cum so many times I've lost count!!!!" She screamed.
She clenched hard onto the chair, her pussy drawing me into her with each stroke. I then pulled Julia's hard and pounded into her warm twat, making her cry out to the heavens.
The two then 69'd as I took turns fucking one of their pussies or letting them suck me off. As I hammered Allie in doggystyle, her pussy was steadily getting tighter. Julia was under her, collecting the juices from our hard session.
Allie screamed as her orgasm hit and she began screaming incoherent words and sounds. Her pussy clamped down on my cock, which triggered my own release.
"Allie here is my cum are you ready for it. I can feel it building up. You are going to get a massive load." I whispered in her ear.
"Yes Robby. Give me all your cum. My pussy is ready to receive it. Knock me up. I want to go through pregnancy with my mother. You are my daddy and you own my pussy. Claim it and claim me Robby. BURY IT DEEP!!!!!" she screamed.
My cock exploded with cum filling up her pussy and it started to squirt out the sides into Julia's wide-open mouth. Allie was shaking like she was having a seizure. I looked over at Julia, who was catching every remaining drop.
"Julia come over here. You want some cum too? Get over here and get some. I want to give you a facial like Allie received." I said.
She swallowed what remained in her mouth. "I could take your hot milk all day Daddy." I throbbed as she got on all fours and held out her tongue.
I pulled out of Allie and pointed my cock at Julia's face. Five or six more power blasts covered her face. When finished, she grabbed my cock and was cleaning it off, sucking out any cum still in the tube.
I looked down and saw her cum streaked face with the biggest smile on it. I used one hand to make sure Allie didn't fall of the table, while in her excited state.
The three of us moved our threesome to Julia's bedroom. We spent about 2 hours sucking and fucking each other. I dumped at least 3 loads into each pussy.
Over time, they were getting used to my cock and were able to take more of it in their throats and pussy. I didn't want to take their asses yet. At one point, Allie rode me furiously while Julia sat on my face.
"OH FUCK YES!!!!!" Julia screamed as I lapped hungrily at her cunt, "You like that sexy taste?!?!!"
I groaned as Allie rode me harder, kissing passionately with Julia as they played with each's vigorously bouncing tits. As Julia began to orgasm, my own cock twitched. Allie detected this and dismounted.
Before I could protest, I felt my cock between their asses, hotdogged in the plump hams. "Don't these go well together Allison?" Julia asked as they slowly moved up and down.
"Like bread and butter," Allie replied as they moved up and down furiously, making me grip hard onto the sides of the bed. My cock twitched and pulsed, feeling untold pleasure.
"I'M GONNA CUM!!!!!" I shouted. They then moved their asses off and began to vigorously jerk me off. At that point I could hold no longer and blasted my load onto their boobs, coating them in my hot spunk.
"Oh fuck..." I groaned, drained and happy as I watched them suck each other's breasts, cleaning each other of cum.
Julia received a text from Ellie telling her that she finished with Rachel and was coming home. We removed the sheets and started a load of laundry. The girls and I put our swimwear on and went into the pool to clean ourselves. I could tell by watching them walk that they had really sore pussies.
******
Ellie arrived and found us sitting in the pool chairs getting sun as we drank soda. She questioned if we finished our business. I nodded my head and told her I should get back home. Ellie walked me to the door and we turned to face each other.
"Ellie, are you ok being pregnant with my baby? Did Rachel help you come to grips with it?" I inquired.
"Yes Robby. Rachel showed me the beauty of my pregnancy and that I am now committed to you. My body is yours to do what you want. You are my Daddy and master." She said with a wicked grin. She added, "The girls didn't give you too hard a time I hope. Right?"
"We just talked about college mostly. You may think of them as girls but they showed the maturity of young women." I informed her.
I kissed Ellie goodbye and we agreed to meet in a couple days. As I walked to my car, I was thinking if I made the right decision giving Allie and Julia sex. I just hoped they were ready for it.