After dating and having weekly sex for more than a year, Kelly finally gets Brian to buy her a ring as a promise of his love and get down on one knee to propose.
As he had been doing for more than the past year, when he wasn't taking Kelly out to dinner or to a movie, Brian was having sex with her at his place or at her place. What was really good and sexually exciting in the beginning was now getting old fast. Having been there and done that with multiple men, Kelly wanted more than just dinner and sex.
'Like all the others, is Brian just another man who wants me to suck him after he fucks me,' wondered Kelly? 'Or is he someone more special than that? Is he the one, my one and only? Is he the man that I'll marry? Is he the man that will give me his heart, promise me his love, and give me a baby?'
She wanted more of a commitment from him. She wanted a diamond ring on her finger. She wanted to get married. She wanted them to buy a house together. She wanted to start a family. She wanted his name on their marriage certificate. She wanted to have his baby.
* * * * *
Kissing and kissing her, as if this was his first time making out with her, obviously, something he loved to do, Brian felt Kelly through her clothes. While continuing to kiss her, he touched her, felt her, groped her, and fondled her everywhere. He felt her B cup breasts and fingered her erect nipples through her blouse and bra while reaching his other hand around her to feel her shapely ass through her short skirt and panties.
Not done there and with him only just beginning, he slowly undressed her as if unwrapping an expensive gift at Christmas. Taking his time while unbuttoning her buttons and looking to see what each unbuttoned button revealed, he stripped her naked and stared at her beautiful, naked body as if this was the first time seeing her without her clothes. Then, as if his clothes were on fire, he quickly undressed himself. Now, with them both naked, with every time like the first time, they made love as if they have never made love before.
"Oh, Kelly. You're so beautiful. You're so sexy. You have such a shapely body. I love you," he said. "I love you. I really do love you," he said.
Moving his naked body on top of her naked body, he inserted his erect penis inside of her warm, wet pussy. Helping to guide his cock inside her, she wrapped her hand around him while gently easing his stiff, thick cock inside of her while slowly humping him as he slowly humped her. Once he was firmly inside of her, they returned one another's humps to maintain a steady, romantic rhythm.
"Oh, Brian. You're so handsome. I love you, too," said Kelly. "I really do love you."
Tempted not to take her birth control pill, Kelly opted not to do that. She didn't want to trick him into marrying her. She didn't want the baby of a man who didn't love her, who didn't want to be with her, and who didn't want to marry her. Even though she wanted to have a baby and was ready to have a child, she needed him to propose first before she stopped taking her birth control pills. As much as she wanted his baby, she wanted his name too.
Kissing and kissing him, Kelly moved herself from beneath him to assume more of a controlling position. She mounted his naked body in the way that he had mounted her naked body. Now, as if riding him like a horse, sitting on him upright while fucking him instead of making love to him, she pounded his stiff prick with her wet pussy. Humping him harder and humping him faster, with her still on top, they were fucking. With her naked tits bouncing up-and-down and swaying from side-to-side, she was fucking him as hard and as fast as he was fucking her.
Then, assuming the role of the man in the missionary position and as the man in charge of making love to her again, he removed himself from beneath her to mount her. Humping her slow and easy, sliding his cock in as deep as it would go while grinding himself against her, he made sweet love to her. Then, humping her harder and humping her faster, he was fucking her. Fucking her faster and fucking her harder, Brian was determined to get her to cum. He was determined to give her a sexual orgasm with his cock. He was determined to have them cum together as if they were one.
"Oh, Brian. Oh, my God, Brian. I'm going to cum. Don't stop. Please, don't stop. Fuck me faster. Fuck me harder. I love you, Brian. I really love you," she said. "Fuck me, Brian. Fuck me. Fuck me."
Obeying her every sexual command, he continued fucking her faster and harder.
"Oh, Kelly. Oh, Kelly. Oh, my God, Kelly," he said while fucking her. "I love you. I really love you," he said. "I love fucking your cunt as much as I love humping your mouth," he said.
Brian fucked Kelly faster. He fucked her harder. He continued fucking her until she was ready to cum.
"I'm cumming Brian. I'm cumming," she said. "Oh, Brian. Oh, Brian. Oh, my God, Brian."
When she said that she was cumming, that was his code for him to cum too, and he did. He ejaculated his cum in her pussy. They had a sexual orgasm together.
* * * * *
As soon as they had their mutual, sexual orgasms, enjoying the afterglow of sex, they held one another while sweating and breathing hard. Then, something she always did with every man she had sexual intercourse with, not just with him, after having sexual intercourse with him, she slid her body halfway down his body. She kissed his chest and licked his stomach as she eased herself down lower. Prepared to suck him, she was ready to blow him.
Then, she took his flaccid cock in her experienced hand to fondle his prick before stroking his prick and before taking him in her experienced mouth to kiss his prick, lick his prick, and suck his prick. She made love to his prick with her hand as much as she made love to his prick with her mouth. She stroked him faster and sucked him deeper while staring up at him. Removing and reinserting him in her mouth, she allowed him to see his erect prick filling her mouth. She allowed him to watch her sucking him.
Giving him a masterful blowjob, making him harder with her hand and with her mouth, she was determined to have him cum in her mouth. Continuing to stroke him harder and faster, as if she was his very own porn star, she continued to suck him deeper. As if complimenting her for her cock sucking skills, she loved it when a man ejaculated his cum in her mouth for a blowjob well done. She loved it when a man filled her mouth with his sexual excitement. As much as she loved pleasuring a man with her hand and with her pussy, she especially loved pleasuring a man with her mouth.
Yet, more than him cumming in her mouth, as if she needed his sperm for her to be a physical part of him, she was determined to swallow his cum. When he was ready, timing her move perfectly without taking away his sensation of cumming in her mouth, she pulled him out of her mouth before he ejaculated all of his cum. Not only was she determined for him to cum in her mouth but also, she was determined to have him give her a cum bath. She loved it when a man gave her a cum bath.
She had given hand jobs and blowjobs since she was an 18-year-old senior in high school. Especially if she didn't like him all that much and wanted to get rid of him, she sometimes preferred giving him a hand job and/or a blowjob than French kissing a man. Sometimes, instead of giving a man a goodnight kiss, especially when she was in his car or on her knees and fully dressed, her hand jobs and/or blowjobs were her goodbye kiss.
Interestingly enough, she viewed French kissing much more sexually intimate than she did giving a man a hand job or a blowjob. Sometimes, she'd much rather stroke and/or suck a man than to French kiss a man. Definitely, and without doubt, giving a man a hand job and/or a blowjob was much less intimate than making love to him. With her having her own set of sexual rules, she'd rather fuck someone she didn't love than to make love to someone she didn't love.
To her, stroking and/or sucking a cock wasn't as sexually meaningful as French kissing a man while he touched her and felt her everywhere through her clothes. For sure, stroking and/or sucking a cock, even fucking a cock, didn't mean as much to her as French kissing, making out, or making love. Rather than to prolong a date with someone she didn't like, she'd rather stroke him, suck him, or even fuck him, and let him go on his way.
With hand jobs and/or blowjobs what most men wanted anyway, most men were happy getting a hand job or a blowjob. Since she was good at stroking cock and sucking cock, and with them rather having a hand job and/or a blowjob than a good night kiss, most men were happy with her hand jobs and her blowjobs. Rather than to be forced, hit, slapped, or beaten, she'd fuck the ones who gave her a hard time just to get rid of them.
Yet, more than just a hand job or a blowjob, she loved cum baths. As much as she loved giving blowjobs and swallowing cum, she loved receiving a cum bath. Cum baths made her feel special, wanted, and loved. With not every man she blew allowed to give her a cum bath, only those men she really liked were allowed to give her a cum bath. Adding to the sexual pleasure of giving her man a blowjob by allowing him to decorate her with his cum, cum baths were her sexual way of giving her man something special. Whenever she blew a man that she really liked, Kelly enjoyed him cumming all over her face, in her hair, and across her naked breasts.
* * * * *
"Oh, Kelly. Oh, my God, Kelly. You're going to make me cum again," said Brian putting a gentle hand behind her red, pretty head. "You are such a great cocksucker. You always give me the best blowjobs I've ever had. I can't wait to cum in your mouth. I can't wait to give you a cum bath," said Brian.
Kelly stroked him faster while sucking him deeper.
"Cum Brian," she said temporarily removing his cock from her mouth to speak. "Cum Brian. Cum. Cum in my mouth. Then, save some cum to cum all over my face. I want you to give me a cum bath," she said.
He moved her beautiful, long, lush, red hair aside to see his cock buried in her mouth. As if she was his prostitute for the night or his whore for life, he humped her mouth and fucked her face. Then, as if he had never ejaculated his cum in her mouth before, he ejaculated his cum in her mouth again with the same sexual excitement that he had when she gave him a blowjob the first time.
"Oh, Kelly. Oh, my God, Kelly. That was incredible," he said while watching her remove his cock from her mouth for him to cum all over her beautiful, freckled face.
He watched her swallow some of his cum before she removed his cock from her mouth. As if she was a firewoman holding a hose to put out her sexual fire, she extinguished her sexual flames of horniness with his semen. Enjoying him paying homage to her blowjob with gobs of his shooting cum, she allowed him to cum all over her face, in her beautiful red hair, and across her B cup, naked breasts.
* * * * *
Alas and unfortunately, the next day, feeling as sad as she felt depressed, Kelly was tired of the same old Friday and Saturday night sex. She wanted more than to be cum depositary for yet another man who had no intention of marrying her. Having already moved beyond casual dating and free sex, she wanted more than casual dating and more than sex. She wanted a new life with the love of her life by her side. She wanted to get married. She wanted to buy a house. She wanted a baby.
"This is it. This is really it. I'm done," said Kelly to her best friend, Michael, over the phone. "I'm about done with him. He needs to shit or get off the pot. Either he asks me to marry him or I'm breaking up with him. I'm not going to continue dating someone for years who has no intention of marrying me," said Kelly to her best friend Michael. "Been there and done that, my clock is ticking, Michael, and I want to have at least one baby, hopefully two, before it's too late and I can't have any children."
Michael laughed.
"Calm down, Kelly. You're so excitable. You're so emotional. You're so passionate. Slow down. Give the man a chance. What's the rush? You're only 26-years-old. You have plenty of time but I understand you wanting to get married and wanting to have a baby," said Michael. "I get that. I do."
Kelly remained silent on the other end of the line.
"What would you do? Tell me. I need to know. I'm asking for your advice. Help me to make my decision. Without asking him straight out to marry me, how can I get him to pop the question?"
Michael laughed again.
"You're a beautiful, intelligent, creative, fun loving, talented, and sexy woman, Kelly. Use what God gave you to make him realize that he can't live without you," said Michael. "No man would allow someone who looks you and who is as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside to slip away. Trust me. You're a keeper," he said with a laugh.
* * * * *
That night when Brian came over looking for food and looking for sex, Kelly met him at her front door wearing a sheer, sexy, low-cut, short, and revealing nightgown. Sexually teasing him and erotically tantalizing him, with her long, red hair coiffed and her makeup applied to her big, blue eyes, she looked like a movie star. Better looking than Emma Stone, Amy Adams, Christina Hendricks, and Scarlett Johannsson, she was a shorter, albeit sexier version of Nicole Kidman.
A rare beauty with her long, red, lush, thick hair and big, beautiful, blue eyes, most redheads either have brown eyes or green eyes. Only, Kelly wasn't like most redheads. She was special. She looked so sexy. She looked so beautiful. Holding nothing back and putting it all out there, with her looking so vulnerable and loving, she looked the best tonight she had ever looked since she met him.
"How would you like to come home to me every night and wake up next to me every morning," she asked after having not seen her boyfriend in a week?
Giving him an image that was more than appealing, he stared at her as if he never realized how beautiful she was. He stared at her as if he never realized how sexy she was. He stared at her as if he had never seen a nearly naked woman. He stared at her as if he wanted her more than anything in the world. He stared at her as if he truly loved her.
"Oh, Kelly," he said taking her in his arms and kissing her. "I'd love nothing more than to come home to you every night and wake up to you every morning." He kissed her again, this time deeper, longer, and with more passion. "You're so beautiful. You're so sexy. I love you, Kelly. I love you."
Ready to have his wicked, sexual way with her nearly naked body, he walked her back inside her house and closed the door behind him. Then, as if he was a fireman rescuing her from a fire or a police officer saving her from a shooter, he scooped her up in his arms and carried her over to the bed. As if he was protecting her, yet unable to protect her from himself, she didn't need his protection. She was capable of protecting herself.
Now, with her on her bed, she wasn't safe from his wanton and lustful, sexual desire. If anything, she was in danger of him having his wicked, sexual way with her beautiful, naked body. Normally hungry for food when coming home from work, tonight, especially after seeing her dressed in her sexy and revealing nightgown, he was hungrier for sex. Yet, waiting for him at the door, she was ready for him now.
"Wait. Stop," she said when he tried moving his hands beneath her nightgown. "No. Don't."
He looked at her as if she was ill.
"What's wrong, Kelly?"
She rolled her eyes, sighed, and with tears in her eyes, took a deep breath for courage.
"I've been dating since I was 15-years-old. I've been having sex since I was 18-years-old. Having been in love before, I've had 3 serious relationships. Now, years later, I'm tired of dating. We've been dating for more than a year and I don't want to be with anyone else but you," she said looking in his eyes. "It's time we took the next logical step in our loving relationship. It's time you asked me the question," she said. "It's time you claimed me as your woman."
* * * * *
As if she was pressuring him to take a job that he wasn't ready to take, he looked at her with trepidation. He looked at her with consternation. He looked at her as if he was about to lose her. As a 30-year-old man, this was his time to act like the man that she wanted and needed him to be. This was his chance to make her his woman.
"You're right and I understand," he said pausing in his thoughts to look at her. He took her hand in his hand while looking deeply in her big, blue eyes. "I love you and I want you. Let's get married," he said.
She made a face.
"Let's get married?" She pulled her hand away from his hand to look at him in the way that a black woman would look at a hustler who was trying to hustle her. "Is that your marriage proposal? Is that the best that you can do? Let's get married. Do you really expect me to jump at that? Where's the romance? Where's the passion? Where's the flowers and the candy? Where's the ring," she asked while holding up her left hand to his face?"
He laughed.
"You caught be by surprise," he said in his defense. "I don't want to lose you, Kelly. I love you and want to marry you."
Needing more of his assurance, she wrinkled her pretty face with self-doubt and disbelief.
"Come back tomorrow when you're serious and ready to get down on one knee," she said getting up out of bed and pushing him out her door. "Get out," she said slamming her front door behind him.
The next night, as if it was Valentine's day in April, Brian returned with a dozen roses, a box of candy, and a diamond ring. As soon as Kelly opened her door, he was already down on one knee. He handed her the flowers and the candy before reaching in his pocket for the ring. He opened the box and raised it up for her to see. A big diamond, at least 3 carats, it was a beautiful diamond ring that was worthy enough to signify his eternal love.
"Kelly, I love you and want to be with you. I want you to be my wife. I want to marry you. Will you marry me?"
He stood to put the ring on her finger and when he did, she threw her arms around him.
"Yes, I'll marry you. Of course, I'll marry you," said looking down at her ring before kissing him. "I love you, Brian."
* * * * *
In the way that he did last night, he scooped her up in his arms and carried her to her bedroom and gently put her on her bed as if she was someone so delicate and breakable. Ready to have sex with her, he kissed her while slowly and lovingly undressing her. Ready to have sex with her, he touched and felt her through her clothes where only he was allowed to touch and feel her through her clothes.
"Wait. Stop," she said in the same way she did the night before. "No. Don't."
He looked at her confused.
"What? What's wrong? I got down on one knee and proposed. I gave you flowers, candy, and a diamond ring. I asked you to marry me and you accepted," said Brian with a nervous laugh. "Now what?"
She gave him a look as if he was kidding.
"Now what? Duh?" She looked at him as if he was kidding. "We've talked about this day endlessly while looking through Bride's magazine together and while watching the Bachelor and Bachelorette on television. It's April and I want a June wedding. With you procrastinating until now, we only have two months to arrange everything," she said.
He looked at her as if he didn't understand her panic.
"What's the rush, Kelly? Couldn't we get married in October, December, or even early next year? We could get married next Valentine's Day. How's that? There's nothing more romantic than getting married on Valentine's Day," he said.
She made another face.
"I'm not waiting any longer to get married. I want to get married now," she said.
He shrugged.
"Okay, what do we need to do to make this happen," he asked?
She counted on her fingers as if she was checking off boxes.
"I need to buy a wedding dress. We need a church and to rent a hall. We need to make our guest list, hire a printer for the invitations, and mail the invitations. We need to hire a florist, a photographer, a videographer, a band, and a caterer," she said. "We need to do a lot in such a small amount of time." She looked at him with panic. "We have so much to do in such a small amount of time."
Brian sighed and looked at her before looking down at her stomach.
"Wait. You're not pregnant, are you?"
Kelly made a face.
"Pregnant. Don't' be silly. No, I'm not pregnant," she said flattening her clothes against her toned waistline. "Do I look pregnant to you?"
He laughed.
"No, if you look anything, you look sexy," he said feeling her breasts through her blouse and bra. "I still don't understand the rush."
She tried to reason with him to make him understand.
"We could wait to get married, of course, but I don't want to get married in October or December. I want to get married in June and I don't want to wait until next June to get married." Having thought about this before and mapped it all out in her mind, a woman on a mission to get married, she was a woman with a plan. "I want to be pregnant by July to have our baby in April," she said.
He looked at her as if having second thoughts.
"Obviously, you've been thinking of this for a long time," he said.
She laughed.
"I have and I've already hired a wedding planner months ago," said Kelly with a laugh. "Everything is already arranged and in place but for the groom and now that you proposed, I can go ahead with the wedding," she said laughing.
He made a face.
"Good thing that I proposed otherwise you'd have to go ahead without me," he said with a laugh.
To be continued...
Please vote for my story.