If you've never been to Wal-Mart at four in the morning, you have no idea how quiet it is. How every little sound echoes like mad, chasing itself around and around until it finally fades out. Sure, there are the stockers, but there's never enough to fill every aisle, to watch every corner.
I couldn't sleep after I got off work, and, armed with my long-overdue shopping list, I headed to Wal-Mart. It started off uneventful, to say the least. Not a single soul crossed my path. The stockers darted at the corners of my vision, though, a reminder to keep myself in line. It would have ended the same way it started, too, if I hadn't remembered to grab some butter.
The moment I stepped around the last aisle, a glitter caught my eye near the butter. It was a gorgeous woman, I had to guess around twenty, wearing a black leather micro mini-skirt and an itty bitty piece of stretchy silver fabric I guess would pass as a tube top. She had long legs, a tight stomach, and a sweet little ass. Normally I wouldn't go for a woman with such a slender figure, she couldn't have been more than a B cup, but damn. Her black hair, cut at her chin, was streaked purple, matching her lipstick and eye shadow. Coupled with the black eyeliner and her coal black eyes, she was one hell of a looker.
Or possibly a whore.
She had stopped me in my tracks, and I was still trying to close my mouth when she realized I was staring. Sneering, she turned to face me, and I got a good look at her braless tits. I finally got my mouth closed and my eyes to her face.
"Like what you see, dickhead?"
I was left with three options. One, tell the truth. I was loving what I saw and I would have killed to see the little bit that was still covered. It's a shame women don't go for that. Two, I could lie like hell, tell her anything but what she expected. Like she wouldn't see right through me. Three, I could just walk away, pretend it had never happened, stick my tail between my legs and cower in the corner like a naughty kid.
When I get backed into a tight spot, I like to improvise. I walked towards her in silence. I didn't really mean to scare her...alright, that's not true. I wanted to scare her, and scare her good. I wanted to see her eyes widen in fear. Got me hard just thinking about it.
As I got closer, I noticed a blue leather collar dumped haphazardly in her cart. So she was a slave. Excellent. Even better, now I knew her charade was just that: bluster and bluff. But I had to be careful; I couldn't just go taking someone else's slave.
Had to give it to her, though, her make-believe boldness never wavered.
"I almost forgot the butter," I offered in way of explanation.
"I saw the way you looked at me, fucker. The only thing you were thinking of was what's under my skirt."
"The way you wear it, love, there's not much left to think about." It was too easy, I couldn't resist.
This seemed to take her aback. "You think I'm a slut!"
"Not at all. I think you're a strumpet."
"Same damn thing."
"And a smart one at that." She graced me with a disgusted frown. As she turned to go, I became desperate to keep her here with me. Sure, I started out thinking she was eye candy, but now, up close, I could tell she was a true slave, the kind I'd always been looking for. The kind I could never find.
"I'm sorry for thinking you were a slut," I said a little too quickly. She may or may not have caught that, but she turned back and gave me a good once over. I stood over her by about three inches, she must have been 5' 5", and I tried to seem unimposing.
It took her a few seconds, but finally she smiled, "Thank you. You're the only man who's ever admitted he thought that."
Damn it all to hell, her smile had me. I'd been thinking of trying to draw her into just a fling, but now I thought I'd die if she didn't stay with me. It may seem fast for anyone else, but I was hooked and I had to have more.
"So what's a gorgeous little girl like you doing at Wal-Mart at four in the morning?" I said to fill the silence my daydreaming had left.
"Shopping," she quipped.
"Touché."
She giggled and I swear my heart dropped out of my chest and melted on the floor. My cock was rock hard and pounding against the suddenly far too tight constrains of my jeans.
"I hope you don't think this is too forward of me, but where's your boyfriend? You really shouldn't be here alone."
Her whole expression changed in a split second. "I'm single."
Uh-oh. I could feel my brain slowly creeping down my spinal cord and into my balls. "I don't suppose it has anything to do with that collar in your cart?"
She turned and nearly spat on it, "You wouldn't understand."
Her back was to me, and it was more than I could handle to not step forward and touch her. So I did. I slipped one arm around her waist and pulled her close against me. Man, how I wanted to choke her, caress her tits, slide a hand up her skirt...
Instead, I purred in her ear, "Try me." Double entendres are wonderful creatures.
She sighed. I expected her to pull away, but instead she cuddled up against me. My cock screamed to stick it in her, and my brains agreed. Good thing she started talking and gave me something else to focus on.
"I broke up with my boyfriend almost six months ago. I'd been with him forever, like, four years, and I just now got the courage to take that damn thing off. He was everything to me...Then I found out he was cheating."
Her hair smelled like peaches. Ilovepeaches.
I noticed belatedly that my hand was slowly traveling up her silken stomach to her breasts. I wondered if she'd mind...
She didn't seem to when my hand got there, and I took advantage of that leisurely. I cupped her perfect little breast with care, took my time massaging it, tickling her nipple.
Suddenly she jerked away and spun to face me.
"I don't need to get laid, if that's what you're thinking! I don't want to get laid!"
I was surprised, of course, I hadn't expected the outburst, but I knew just what she needed after six months of being collared to a man no longer there.
"I know you don't, love. What you need is to be dominated."
She just gaped at me. Good. Now I had her complete and undivided attention.
"You don't need to get laid. In fact, you don't need to cum, either. What you need is domination and humiliation. And I'm just your man."
Without giving her time to respond, I pushed her down onto the little wall of the dairy case. What I wouldn't have given for a ball gag...but I guess I could make due with the echo effect.
"Now listen, strumpet, if you make any noise at all, it'll echo through the store, bringing just about every person in here to investigate. I know the next thing you'll say is that you'll scream. Don't bother," I covered her mouth with my hand. It'd take just a second to have control of her. Fortunately, she was still stunned enough to not struggle.
I pulled the flimsy tube top up and pinched her nipples to hardness. I noticed it didn't take much persuasion. Now she started to struggle. She tried to rip my hand off her mouth, but I was much stronger, making sure she stayed seated on the edge.
I grabbed one of her breasts hard, squeezing until she squeaked and stopped her useless barrage.
"That's better," I praised softly. I bent down and slowly licked her rosy nipples, taking care to make perfect spirals outward from them, then back in. I got each breast twice, and by the end of it, she was moaning quietly against my hand.
She was mine now.
I took my hand away and ran my eyes up and down her. What a fucking gorgeous specimen.
"I could still scream," she whispered.
"But now your juices are running down your legs. Do you really want to scream and have every person here see how much you love exhibitionism?"
She blushed hard. I had this little girl in my pocket.
"I want you to understand something, strumpet. Look at me." She slowly raised her eyes to mine. "You are going to do what I say, when I say it. No questions, no complaints. Do you understand?" I saw a flicker of rebellion in her eyes. "Or you will be punished. For all intents and purposes, I am your Master. Are we clear, strumpet?"
"My Master?!" she challenged.
"The first punishment you'll have is to walk through the store without any clothes on. I've already proven that I'm quite a bit stronger than you are. What do you say, strumpet?"
She obviously didn't like it, but knew that what I said was true. Hot damn, I had a little slave of my very own.
"Now pull down your skirt." Maybe I should have started with something a little less dramatic, but I wanted to break her hard and fast. She was mine for the taking and there was no way in hell I was going to let this chance pass me by.
"No!" she exclaimed. Alright, fine, she had a point. Something simpler.
"Take off your underwear, then."
I got a murderous look, but she complied. She stood slowly and reached under her tiny skirt, fiddled a bit, then pulled down a lace thong the size of a potato chip. Handing it to me, she sat back down on the case, her legs pressed demurely together. I'd fix that.
"Spread."
She was loving every minute of this, judging by the way her juices kept creeping down her legs, but she wasn't giving me the least bit of assistance. Oh, well.
I decided she was taking too long, as her legs were only moving a centimeter every five seconds. I reached down and forced her legs open wide, her dripping wet pussy finally exposed for my pleasure. She gasped, a little too loudly, and the cavernous store caught the echo.
"Be quiet, strumpet." I knelt before her and buried my face against her shaven mound. She writhed against my tongue as I slowly licked her clit to hardness. I moved down a little, exploring her most private place. She tasted wonderful, and I knew just where to get more. I rammed my tongue into her surprisingly tight cunt, tongue fucking her as hard as I could. Whimpers escaped her, making me even harder than I was before.
Then I stood. "Pull down your skirt."
She hesitated only briefly, standing once again to push her skirt down to her ankles. The further down it got, the more I realized it would just have to come off. I mean, it was leather, and you can't just have that lying around on the floor. As she sat back down on the edge, I scooped her legs up in one hand and jerked the skirt off with the other. Obviously shocked, she froze, glancing left and right to make sure no one was looking.
"What are you doing?!"
"Taking off your skirt," I replied airily. I dumped it in her cart.
"But what if somebody comes??"
"Then they'll see your perfect pussy."
I watched her cunt pulse at the thought as more juice flowed freely down her legs. She was really a delight to dominate.
As I studied her, it came to my attention that her silver top really detracted from her appearance, all scrunched as it was above her tits.
"Take off your top."
Now she froze. I didn't want to deal with that, so I grabbed the top and pulled it off over her head. At least she didn't struggle. Realization hit that she was sitting naked in the back of Wal-Mart and she wrapped her arms around herself. She was a fucking piece of art.
I dumped the top in the cart with the skirt. Time for her to take care of my throbbing member.
I walked to her and shook my head. Let the silence grow.
"You're on camera, so you better perform like it." She shriveled into herself, trying to cover up. "Spread. Put your arms down." She didn't move. "Do not defy me, strumpet. I don't have to give your clothes back." She instantly spread her legs wide and dropped her arms to her sides. I could see her pussy glistening, her hard little clit sticking out invitingly. Along with her hard nipples, she was just a vision of a slave. And that's what was going to suck my cock.
I undid my jeans slowly, let my cock strain against my boxers a second before I pulled it out. Her full attention was on the bulge I was about to let loose. I hoped she'd like it.
I pulled my cock out and let her admire it before I gave my next command. "Suck, strumpet."
She leaned forward and crammed all seven inches down her throat. Not what I had been expecting, but bloody hell, it was amazing. I moaned and placed a hand on the back of her neck. My sweet little strumpet started working my cock like a wild thing, deep throating and sucking at the same time. Every now and then she'd pull back and lick my cock up and down, swirl her tongue around the tip, then suck it all down her throat again. It was just too much for me to take, and I felt the need to cum building inside me.
"Get ready for my cum, strumpet!!" I groaned as I shot into her mouth. She gobbled it up, then licked my cock completely clean. I'd wanted to do more to her, but she was fast and good. So if I couldn't have her sucking my cock, at least she was still naked. And very turned on. I had an idea.
"Follow me." I turned, knowing she'd be right behind me, and walked into the very empty Subway. I grabbed her and laid her on one of the tables. We were only slightly hidden, and directly under a camera. I knew she wouldn't take long to cum.
I pointed to the camera over her head. "They're watching you, right now, completely naked lying on this table. How does that make you feel, strumpet?"
She was shivering, but when I touched her, she was hot. "Dirty..."
"Dirty what?"
"Dirty...Master..." I was, in fact, shocked by what she called me. I had left it open ended on purpose. She could have called me anything at all, Sir, Mister, hell, even Dom, but she had chosen Master. I loved her, I swear.
"Good. You're a dirty little slut, and I want you to perform for that camera." I rubbed the tip of my middle finger against her clit, just a little, just until she wriggled, and I trailed it down to her hot slit. She moaned a little, then I pushed it into her. Her tight cunt felt amazing around my finger.
I started pumping her cunt hard, grazing her g-spot with every stroke. Her barely muffled cries filled the restaurant space. Just like I'd commanded, she performed for the camera, writhing in gorgeous displays of bliss. I went ever faster, fucking her tight pussy as hard as I could. She gripped her breasts, squeezed her nipples.
"Master, I need to cum!!" And I hadn't even told her to ask first.
"Cum, strumpet!"
She let out a loud shriek that echoed through the building, her cunt pulsing around my finger. Writhing and wiggling and whimpering, she came under that camera. It was long, and she was obviously drained afterwards.
"Get your clothes on, strumpet. You made quite a bit of noise."
She was shaking and I felt a tug at my heart. I walked out and grabbed her clothes, handed them to her, and helped her up. She was even more beautiful now. Quickly, she slipped her clothes on, then leaned against me.
"Oh, I was meaning to ask," I smiled down at her, "What's your name?"