(Part 1)
Damn, this guy is thorough. As I looked through the questions, I smiled, not believing we were at this point. Ashley, 'Ash,' and I recently celebrated our 28thanniversary. Our oldest daughter got married last year and our other daughter is a senior at UNC. We've always had a good sex life, but when the kids moved out and Ash hit 45, her libido went into overdrive.
Being empty-nesters, we re-discovered ourselves. We began role-playing, using toys more often, some light bondage and just having fun with one another. We read erotica at night, each selecting stories that interest us. If something turns us off, we move on to the next one, but we've found the more we read, the more open we were to certain things, at least in fantasy.
We married young, and while I had been with a few girls in high school and college, Ash was a good girl and was going to save intercourse for marriage. She would give hand jobs and blowjobs, but no sex. She did end up giving in the night we were engaged though, and she was insatiable. I guess 22 years of pent up sexual energy was too much, and we've a good sex life since. Sure, when the kids were little, we would go weeks and even longer, without any 'us' time. Even when we did, it was usually a quickie just to satisfy an itch. Now they are grown and out of the house, it's a different dynamic.
We've talked over the years about her regretting not experiencing someone else. I've been open to it, especially lately. I'm comfortable enough in our relationship, so we began role-playing her being with another man or two, while I'm watching.
A few months ago, we were out on the boat and I had just climaxed. As I typically do, I went down and started eating her out. This is something I've done for the past few years, well at least since she hit her sexual prime. She had never orgasmed through intercourse before, but one night she was the closest she had ever been just as I unloaded inside her. I felt bad she was so close, that I just went for it and brought her to orgasm with my mouth. I didn't even think about the fact I was licking up my deposit. I just wanted her to finish. And she did. It turned me on so much that my erection came back and we went at it again. She had an orgasm while I was inside of her this time. That was the first orgasm she ever had from intercourse and she has been having them ever since. It was though something 'clicked', and now she climaxes through intercourse most every time we have sex.
So, as I was cleaning up the sizable deposit I had just left, I could tell a good clitoral orgasm was approaching, topping off the vaginal one she just had. Ash gets vocal sometimes, and she started using language that would make a sailor blush. Finally, just as the first wave hit, she was yelling, "Oh, god, yes, yes, yes! I want that to be another man's Rich, clean up your slut wife's used pussy."
As her orgasm subsided, she was in that blissful state. Yes, I had heard what she said, but wasn't sure if it was role-play or a statement of fact.
"I'm sorry about what I said. I was caught up in my orgasm that it just came out. I'm sorry babe." She said as she sat up and looked guilty.
"There's no need to apologize Ash, we've talked about this and I know you would like to be with someone else. I want you to, but you have never seemed open to really doing it before."
"Are you being serious? You would not mind if I were with another man? Letting him take me the way you just took me?" Our eyes were locked for a few moments, when she looked down and saw my raging erection. I had recovered quicker than usual, and she certainly noticed.
Her look of guilt turned to a grin, when she asked, "Does it turn you on to think about this becoming a reality? Not fantasy, but for real?"
"Yes. The more we have read about hot wife and cuckold stories, I fantasize about it all the time."
She didn't say another word, she just leaned down and took me into her mouth. She gets drenched when we fuck, especially if we've been naked all day on the boat, and today was no different. My cock was covered in her slimy secretions, mixed with my semen. She took me all the way in, choking as she did. She doesn't deep throat often, but she was revved up. Several minutes of this oral assault was too much, and I blew my second load in 20 minutes.
She pulled up, showing me the deposit I left in her mouth. She swallowed, making deliberate noises as she did. Smiling, she said, "Just imagine that was someone else's cum." She licked her lips and looked down as my shrinking cock bounced.
The following weeks, we were fucking more often than usual. She would tease and taunt me, talking about me watching her fuck another man. Watching him slide his cock into her pussy and then me clean up afterwards. It was after one of these sessions early one morning when I finally said,
"So, when do you want to look for someone?"
"I've been waiting on you to bring it up, but since you have, I'm ready to start looking."
"Okay, let's post an ad on one of the swinger sites and see what happens. I'm sure it won't take long to find someone." I got up to use the bathroom, grabbing my iPad on the way back to start looking at sites.
"Wait, let's talk about boundaries first. I've been thinking about this a lot too, nonstop since we talked on the boat. The more we have read about hot wife and cuckold relationships, the more it turns me on as well. BUT, we have a great marriage, and I don't want to jeopardize that."
"I don't want to jeopardize anything either Ash. It turns me on to think about watching you with another man. I can't get it out of my head. You've said for years now you somewhat regretted not being wilder before we met and that you sometimes wished you had been with another guy or two."
"I know, and I do. I do want to explore this, but I also want to set some ground rules." She said as she stood up and started putting on her clothes. "Get dressed and let's go sit outside and talk."
As we sat down with a cup of coffee, watching a boat coming back in from fishing, she continued, "I've noticed the stories you have been selecting lately are more about cuckolding and not wife-sharing. I've read a few blogs on cuckolding and it does seem to fit with you. You were successful in business and have always been type A. Ever since you sold the company and retired young, I think you are bored. While you like the idea of watching me with another man, I think you like the idea of not having control as well. Am I right?"
"When you put it that way, yes. I have fantasized about that. I've never been submissive, but the stories we have been reading, I don't know, I find myself consumed thinking about it all the time."
"I'm willing to try this, but like I said, there will have to be ground rules."
"Ok, what are they?" I was already turned on, just having this conversation, but it was looking like this could really happen.
"I will select the guy. If we are going to do this, I must be attracted to him. I also want to have the freedom to be with him alone if I'm comfortable, as I'd like to explore with another man without having you judge me on how I act." She took a sip of coffee as she waited for my response.
"I've thought about that. You being with someone while I'm not there. It's something that both turns me on and scares me. But I think it turns me on more." It does turn me on more, as my cock was hard as a rock hearing her tell me she wanted to basically go wild with a guy with me not watching.
"This also isn't going to be something we do all the time. I love you and love sex with you. But, I would like to explore with another man and live out some of the things we've been reading about. I want to do it alone, and with you watching. If at any point, I feel it is harming our relationship, it ends. Okay?"
"Agreed."
"Let's set up a profile and see what happens." She said as she took the iPad from my lap.
We created a profile and selected a 100-mile search, as we live outside Charleston now and it isn't that large a market. We didn't include a photo, which I knew would not get as many responses, but I didn't want a photo out there. We had a few responses, but I don't think these guys read our ad. We were very clear this was going to be an enhancement to our marriage, and not a full-time thing. We responded to one guy, who seemed promising, but after a few more emails, he ended up just wanting photos to jerk off to.
We expanded the search to 300 miles, which now included Raleigh, Charlotte, Atlanta and Jacksonville. Talk about a shit show! We had almost 100 replies the first day. All the guys posting cock pics and overly aggressive. Maybe this wasn't to be.
We tried another site, but similar results.
Regardless, our sex life was in hyper-drive. Just the thought of her taking a lover had both of us so jazzed, maybe just the fantasy was all we needed. We checked daily at first, then every few days, as the responses started waning.
....
I had left before dawn on Wednesday morning, to a new spot I'd learned about 10 miles off the coast the week before. Ash plays tennis at the club on Wednesday, so that's my fishing day. I had just pulled the boat back in before dark, having an awesome day catching dolphin (Mahi Mahi) and snapper. Ashley met me on the pier as I was washing the boat down on the lift. Her smile told me something was up, but I wasn't sure what.
"Ok, you have a look on your face I can't read. What's up?"
"I think I found him."
"Who?" It had been weeks since we placed the ads, and I had all but given up on finding someone.
"His name is Brian." Her eyebrows were raised as she smirked, thinking I couldn't be serious.
"OH! Well, tell me about him." I felt the tingling sensation in my groin, as my cock started to wake up. Great day fishing or not, this had my full attention.
"Finish with the boat and take a shower, then we will talk." And with that, she turned around walking back towards the house.
My cock was hard as a rock as I stood under the warm water. I was disappointed we hadn't found anyone, and thought it may never happen. While I can't explain it, I really do want her to cuckold me.
"OK, so, tell me about him!" I said as I handed her a beer and opened one myself.
"He is 48 and a widower. He and his wife were swingers before she passed away three years ago from breast cancer. He liked the dynamic of the lifestyle and decided to look for a couple to cuckold. He found one couple and said they had a lot of fun, but they stopped seeing each other a year ago, as 'life got in the way'. He didn't elaborate, but I didn't push it either. He said he is an attorney, with his own practice in Charlotte."
"Charlotte?" I asked as I took a swig.
"Yes. He has been searching for another couple for a while and has been looking all over the southeast. He saw our ad and thought we may be a fit."
"When did he respond?" I asked as I was taking this all in.
"I checked the site last night after you went to sleep. He responded two days ago, so I replied. When I woke up this morning, after you left, he had responded again and I've chatted with him all day. I think he's a great fit, but he wants to get to know us better before we do anything. Just the fact that he isn't ready to set something up immediately lets me know he isn't one of the many time wasters we've responded to.
He asked me a lot about us, and realizes this is a kink for us and something we want to use to enhance our sex life. He also asked what I want and wanted to get out of this, as it's usually the guy pushing this kind of thing. So, I told him some of my fantasies."
"What did you tell him?" I interrupted, as I was a little too excited.
"Well, if you will let me finish." Looking at me with that look she gives when I do something stupid. "He sent us both a questionnaire. I'm still going through mine and I forwarded yours to your Gmail."
"Questionnaire? What is this, a quiz?"
"No, after reading the questions, it will all make sense. He has obviously done this before and is very thorough. Anyway, this is one of his rules if we are to meet. Why don't you go inside and check your email? I'll start cooking and we can talk more over dinner."
"You weren't kidding, he is very thorough." I sat at the table after looking through the questions.
"Yes, but I like that he's taking his time and wants to know what we do and don't want to experience. I won't ask how you are going to answer some of your questions, but I think we may be exploring things we've never really discussed before." That smirk again.
He asked about most everything. Numerous questions on sex, sexual experience, kinks, limits, fantasies, toys, but also any health issues, STDs, phobias, hobbies, favorite drink, food, income, etc. Many of the questions looked more like a psychiatric profile. I was honest in my answers, all of them. The one thing I've come to realize in my 50 years is that I'm open to things now I never would have been in the past. And, I'm comfortable enough in who I am to not be ashamed of what turns me on.
"So, are you even going to show me a picture of him?"
"Are his looks important to you?" Smirking again.
"No, but if I'm going to spend hours answering that thing, I'd like to know what he looks like."
She turned her phone around and showed me a photo. He is a handsome guy, fit, probably my height, blue eyes, brown hair with a hint of grey.
"How about his..." Before I even finished my sentence, she said,
"Cock? You want to know about the cock that may be fucking your wife?" Smiling again, knowing it was a fair question. "He didn't send a photo of that, just the one I showed you. Let's go to bed and we will answer the rest of the questions later. This has me so turned on, I hope you have a few rounds in you." She grabbed my balls and gave them a gentle squeeze, as she dropped her dress, walking down the hall to the bedroom.
Sex was primal that night. I had just shot my second load into Ash's pussy when she shoved my head down again. As I was licking her pussy, her hair all wet and messy from our combined juices, she grabbed one of her dildos and started sucking it.
"This is Brian's cock I'm sucking; does it turn you on?"
"Mmmhmm" It did. She pushed my head away and shoved the dildo into her pussy, fucking furiously on the glass phallus. She had a strong orgasm, bucking and writhing as she came. As she pulled it out, she put it to my lips, pushing it inside my mouth. Her juices taste wonderful on the glass, and she left it coated from how wet she was.
"That's Brian's cock you are sucking, you know." She smiled at me as she grabbed my cock, which was hard again. We went at it once more before passing out from exhaustion.
The next morning, over coffee, we each completed our respective questionnaires and hit send. He responded within a few minutes and said he would look over them and be back with us. Later that afternoon, we received another email with two attachments, one for each of us.
They were follow-up questions to our responses. After another hour of clarifying, we both sent separately. This seemed like over-kill, but he seemed to know what he was doing, so we both played along.
It was Friday morning when he responded. A short email, only saying:
I would like to see a photo of the two of you. Nothing x rated, just something that shows who you are. Be natural.

Every guy we chatted with always requested naked photos of Ash. This guy was different. It seems he gets it.
"Do we have a photo we can send? How about the Facebook photo on your profile page?" I asked, as Ash now looked to be deep in thought.
"No, let's take a new one. I want to get ready for it first." As she got up to walk back inside.
"Get ready for it? He just wants a quick selfie, no need to overthink it."
"You don't understand. This is important to me, so I want to look my best."
And with that, she disappeared into her closet. Numerous outfit changes later, we started looking for the 'right spot' for our picture. We ended up on the pier, the boat and river in the background. Finally, this 'quick photo', three hours later, was ready to send.
Ash wanted to go out on the boat after we sent the photo, so we loaded up a cooler and headed out. We hadn't even hit the pass before she was out of her clothes and putting on sunscreen. Damn, I was loving this life. I started navigating around a sailboat before we were in open water when she started unbuttoning my pants. She leaned over and took my cock in her mouth, as we were passing the boat. Two couples, all four staring over at us as we passed. They no doubt saw her naked back as she leaned over my lap. I got a thumbs-up from one of the guys as I throttled up heading east.
Ash briefly sat up, exposing her breasts to the two couples. She waved at them, and went right back at it, bobbing her head up and down on my cock. She reached her hand down to her pussy and brought her fingers back up, putting them in my mouth. She was already drenched, and tasted yummy. She worked my cock for a few minutes when I felt that sensation, I'd already reached the point of no return and a few moments later I blew my load.
She kept my cock in her mouth until I started shrinking, swallowing everything I gave her. As she let my cock slip between her lips, she stood and kissed me. I could taste myself on her as she stuck her tongue down my throat.
"Doesn't Brian's cum taste good?" She asked, as I swallowed the rest of what she had transferred into my mouth.
We spent the day fucking, talking about Brian and having fun. It was almost dark when we got back to the pier. We cleaned the boat and headed back up to the house when she checked the email.
Nothing.
"He's probably busy. With as much interaction the two of you had, and the numerous questions we both answered, he's probably still reading." I said as I headed for the shower.
She woke up first Saturday morning and was already on the deck drinking coffee when I joined her.
"Good morning beautiful, how did you sleep last night?" As I kissed her forehead.
"He still hasn't responded." Looking at the water, as the light in her eyes was gone.
"Ash, it hasn't even been a day, he will respond." I took a sip of coffee as I sat down beside her.
"It was the picture. He doesn't find me attractive and that's why he hasn't responded."
"Are you fucking serious? You are being ridiculous! Of course, he's going to find you attractive, because you ARE attractive."
"You don't understand. I'm 50, I have greys showing through no matter how often I color my hair, my breasts are sagging and I'm just old. He's not interested."
"Ash, he knew how old we were before we sent the photo. You are being silly. He is probably just busy or something, but he will email back, I'm sure of it."
It was Tuesday and still no word from Brian. I couldn't believe he wouldn't have found Ash attractive, but he hadn't responded. In all previous communication late last week, he responded within minutes. Now, here we are four days since the photo, and no response.
Nothing.
Ash was in a funk. The mojo she had from not only searching, but talking with Brian, was gone. She was genuinely depressed. We talked about it and she said it was a rejection she had never felt. She so wanted this to work, but more so, just to feel like another man would want her. To be attracted to her. To find her fuckable.
I gave her space, and felt stupid for us going down this path. We should have just left this fantasy and not tried to do this. It's just not worth it.
Wednesday morning, I headed out fishing. I told her I'd be back early and we could go out to dinner. I thought maybe that would take her mind off things and we could get some of that spark back.
As I walked into the house, after washing the boat, she met me at the door. Naked. The look in her eyes told me all I needed to know.
Brian had responded.
She attacked me. Immediately, she got on her knees and pulled down my shorts, assaulting my cock with her mouth as it began to harden. Her mojo was back! The oral assault only lasted a few minutes until she walked me over to the sofa and pushed me down. She hovered over me, slowly lowering until her glistening lips were swallowing the head of my cock. She was drenched, and there was little resistance as she continued to lower herself until her wet labia were resting on my balls.
She was in control. She rode me hard, vigorous with her movements. She was insatiable. It had been a couple of days since we had had sex from her 'funk', so I was all primed and about to explode. When I finally did, she continued to ride me until I softened and slid out. As she sat up on her knees, a glob of semen dripped out onto my stomach as she made her way to my mouth.
I've come to love the mixture of our sexual emissions, and she did not disappoint with her share. Most of what I left inside was now on my stomach, so what I was tasting was mostly her. She was drenched. Grabbing my head as I began to lick her sex with my tongue, she looked me in the eyes and said, "I love you. That's going to be Brian's cum soon." With that, she turned around and lowered back onto my face, as she licked up the cum off my stomach. Moving down, she took my soft cock into her mouth as we settled into the '69' position. I continued lapping up her glistening labia, slipping my tongue into her opening on occasion to get more of her juices.
As her climax began to build, I felt her pussy begin to contract, and the remnants of the deposit I had left was pushed out. She continued grinding herself into my face, and I kept going. She can have multiple orgasms, and that's certainly what it seemed she was going for. A few more minutes of mutual oral and I began to feel my cock stirring inside her warm mouth. Once hard, she got on her knees and told me to take her from behind.
"Fuck me hard! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!!!" I pounded away as she continued to talk like a dirty whore.
I finally blew my second load inside her, bottoming out as I pumped the remaining seed from my balls into her. As I softened, still inside of her, I slipped out and the glob of semen dripped onto the leather sofa. She wiped it up with her finger and licked it off, kissing me as we shared the mess.
We had worked up quite a sweat and just laid there for a few minutes as we caught our breath.
"So, do you want to tell me when he responded?"
"This morning, soon after you left. We've chatted all day and he wants to meet." She sat up and started walking to the kitchen for a glass of water.
"When?"
"Tomorrow"
"What? Where?"
"Columbia"
Columbia is the approximate halfway point between Charleston and Charlotte, roughly 2 hours from each.
"That makes sense. What time and where?"
"He gave me the name of a bar downtown and wants to meet there at 2:00. We can leave here after breakfast and take our time driving up. We haven't been off the island in the car in a week, so the drive will be nice." Ash said, as she smiled at me, taking a drink of water.
Shit, this is all happening so fast. What if we don't hit it off? What if I really don't want this? Although my emotions were all over the place, I couldn't deny that my cock was starting to grow again.
"So, what happened? Why didn't he respond?" I had more questions, but stopped there.
She went on to explain that he wanted to give us a few days to think it over after we had all been chatting back and forth. He also said something about the 'mind fuck' of not knowing. "When he emailed this morning, he asked if we still wanted to meet. I said 'yes', so he suggested Columbia."
"So that's it? We meet him at the bar, talk and if we hit it off, then what?" I trailed off, already knowing the answer.
"He said he had a few rules and requirements we would have to agree to first, but after we talk... I want this Rich, and so do you. But, we can walk away if either of us gets a funny vibe. Okay?"
"What requirements and rules?"
"He said after midnight tonight, no sex, of any kind. He also said that after we talk and if we all agree to move forward, he would give us a safe word. If either of us used the word at any time, we would stop whatever we were doing and he would leave. No hard feelings, but that would be the last time we see him. But, after reading our answers, he said he understood what we each wanted to experience and would be in complete control while we are together."
I thought for a moment. I did want this, and knew unless he gave us a bad vibe, Ash would be fucking Brian in less than 24 hours.
We had sex one more time, but I couldn't get hard a fourth time, so we pulled out her toys. I lost count of her orgasms, but we were both drained by the time we fell asleep.
I tried to take her from behind as I woke up with my morning erection, but she shut it down. "No sex, remember?" Playfully slapping my member. I started to jerk off, but she slapped it again, and said "No sex for either of us, that also includes masturbation. Let's get some coffee and eat, I'm famished. You and the toys wore me out last night, it's probably good I have a chance to recover."
...
She decided on a light-yellow sun dress which rested about four inches above her knees. The yellow was a great contrast to her tan from nude sunbathing out on the boat. Wanting to be naughty, she opted to go braless. The neck was in a V and accentuated her breasts beautifully, with her nipples visibly outlined. She had me choose the panties, so I pulled out a white laced thong.
The drive to Columbia ended up taking a little more than three hours due to some road construction and an accident. We got to the bar about 15 minutes early. We had wanted more time to get a feel for the area, but the delay had us there when we were supposed to be there. It was in an older building, one block from the State Capitol. Being Thursday just before 2:00, it was empty.
He was sitting at a booth towards the back as we walked in. Other than a young lady in her late 20s behind the bar, we had the place to ourselves.
He stood and greeted us as we approached, kissing Ash on the cheek and shaking my hand.
"Please sit, I'm looking forward to getting to know you better. Ashley, would you mind sitting here with me?" He motioned her to sit first, so he could take the outside of the booth as they sat across from me.
"I'm sure you have all kinds of questions, and now is the time to get them out in the open. Please feel free to ask anything and everything you want. I'll answer openly and honestly. If for whatever reason you are BOTH not comfortable moving forward when we finish, I'll drive back to Charlotte and we will never see each other again. No hard feelings.
However, if we do decide to proceed, I have a few rules. One, once we agree to move forward, I'm in charge. Anything I say goes, no hesitation and no refusal. The only way you can refuse is to use a safe word I'll give you. I've spent a lot of time going through your answers, and know your limits. I'll not cross those limits, but will push you. At any point, either of you may use the word and we will stop immediately and I'll leave. That will also be the end of our relationship.
Are we clear thus far?" He asked as the bartender brought a round of drinks. We hadn't ordered anything, but we did tell him what we liked to drink in our questionnaire.
Ash and I exchanged looks, when she said, "Yes, we agree so far."
"Rich? I need you to agree as well." He looked at me, waiting for a response.
"Agreed"
"While I will be completely in charge of our time together, once our time has passed, you will go back to your life and I mine. Until next time. We will always agree on a set time limit."
"Ok, I'll agree to that. So, what are you thinking, midnight?" I asked, trying to get an idea of what he had planned.
"Sunday at 2:00." He stared at me. Looking me in the eyes, waiting for my response.
"Sunday? It's barely 2:00 on Thursday, what are we going to do until Sunday?" I wasn't angry, but wasn't expecting that response.
"For starters, we will be staying across the street at the Hilton tonight. Tomorrow, after checkout, we will drive down to your house and you will take us all out on your boat. While there will be lots of sex and exploring limits this weekend, there also needs to be down time to get to know one another better. I'm not looking at this as a one-time thing. In order to really explore the things you have said you have an interest, there has to be trust. You don't get that through a few hours together. It takes time to build that trust, and that's what I ask of you, time to build that trust.
I've done this before and found this to be the best approach. My last couple and I met one weekend a month. For that weekend, I controlled what happened. When we met again, we would all sit down and discuss the previous month and if we needed to make any adjustments. If so, we adjusted, then proceed with that weekend's events, pushing more and more each time we were together." He paused, waiting for either to respond.
"What happened to them? If you don't mind my asking." I did want to know.
"No, that's absolutely a fair question. They were much like the two of you, empty-nesters and wanting to add something in their love life. We hit it off and like I said, had a great time the almost two years we were together. I was even invited to vacation with them in the Caribbean for a week. That time together was just three friends having sex. The cuckolding play was saved for our weekend a month only.
Anyway, their oldest daughter got pregnant her last year in college. She stopped taking classes and moved in with the father. He was abusive and when she had the baby, she moved back in with them. We tried to get together after things settled, but they were playing more the role of mom and dad, while their daughter went back to finish her degree. So, our play time was no longer a priority. Life got in the way, but their family was more important than our monthly rendezvous. So, we all agreed to end it. We walked away friends, and still talk, but the kinky sex aspect is gone."
"I understand, that wouldn't be something I could do either if we were in that situation." Ash finally spoke up and continued, "What happened with your wife? You mentioned you were swingers and then she passed away."
"Well, when our twins moved out, we wanted to try something new as well. We ended up swinging with a couple on vacation and got hooked. Without boring you of all the details, at least now, we ended up joining a private group, if you will. It's a long story how we were invited in, but it was an exclusive club, where members were interviewed and there was an extensive questionnaire that was filled out. That's where I got the one I sent you, by the way. Anyway, we would have monthly events and, well, things would get crazy. We were both pushed into doing things we had never imagined and both fell in love with the lifestyle. We were members for just over a year when she was diagnosed. She was gone four months later.
A few months after her passing, I missed the time with our friends. While it is a club for couples only, I've been invited back a few times to play certain roles, but not every month. I've tried dating, and while most women will explore kink to a point, I've not found one yet willing to be open to all the things I've grown an affinity for. So, I decided to look for a couple, as I had the pleasure of watching my wife with other men and understand the dynamic. It was exciting and painful at times. The emotional roller coaster is better than a drug.
You are now my second couple, and based on your answers, I think we will have a great relationship together."
He took another sip of his scotch. We talked for another hour when all the questions we had at that time were answered.
"I guess the next question is up to you. I'll sit and answer anything you want, but I can tell by the look in your eyes and the wetness between Ashley's legs, you are ready to proceed."
Not noticing, his hand had been between Ash's legs and as he pulled his hand up, two fingers were covered in her juices. He reached across the table so I could get a closer look at how wet they were.
Licking her juices off his fingers, he said, "I'm going to leave and let the two of you discuss this alone." Pulling out a piece of paper from his pocket, he continued, "Here is a test, dated yesterday, of my health. You will see I'm free of any diseases, but do have high cholesterol. I'm on meds for that, but otherwise healthy. I had a vasectomy after our sons were born, so I'm good there too.
Here is a key to my room, #817. It's a suite. If you want to proceed, come up when you are ready. Just open the door, and we will begin. But when you do, you are agreeing to my terms and from that point on, I'm in complete control until Sunday.
Or, you can walk out of here and you will be back on your pier, getting into your boat before the sun sets.
I'll be in the room." And with that, he walked out the door.
We sat in silence. The bartender walked over. I'm sure she heard every word of our conversation, and certainly saw Ash's grool on display. "Here's another round, this one is on me." She said, as she looked at Ash, then me, with a smile.
Nothing had to be said, but we talked it over anyway as we drank the round. My cock was straining in my shorts and Ash's face was flushed. We kept looking at one another, knowing it was going to happen. The bartender came over again after about 30 minutes and asked if we needed anything, as she looked at Ash with a smile. It was almost as if she were trying to encourage Ash to go for it. I left her a $50, and we walked to the car. I could see a wet spot on the back of her dress, from where she had leaked through her panties from her arousal.
We drove across the street, giving the keys to the valet, and we walked inside the lobby of the hotel. The elevator stopped on the 8thfloor and we walked down the hallway to #817.
"Last chance to leave." Was all Ash said.
I pulled the card out of my pocket, paused, then inserted it. Turning the handle, I pushed the door open.
We walked inside.
To be continued...