YUKO POV
I looked at myself in the mirror. I had no choice; I couldn't possibly get 50 grand in a week, and if I couldn't, they would report Dalilah to the police. Ms Floweria sent me the address.
"Yuko, where are you going?" Dalilah asked me.
"Work," I replied shortly.
"Is it because of me?" Dalilah bowed her head, trembling.
"I hate to say this, but yes," I said, "it's not easy to raise 50 grand in a week."
"You don't have to do this, Yuko. I'll find the money myself."
"And how are you going to do that?"
"I hear the red light districts pay quite a lot."
I shook my head. "Don't, Dalilah. Just focus on your internship, OK?" I said, even though I was about to do worse.
I went to a lavish mansion at five in the morning, the place Ms Floweria told me to go. There were a few people there, the staff, and then some with leather underwear, and some naked men and women. I was directed to enter a room in the second floor.
Ms Floweria greeted me. She handed me a contract, which I signed with no hesitation.
"I'll show you what you'll do," Ms Floweria said.
"Yes, Ms Floweria."
"Call me Mistress."
"Yes... Mistress."
We entered a large room labeled "Beginner Course for Owner of Female Submissives". There was a stage.
"Your job is to stand on the stage and do what I tell you," Ms Floweria said, "simple enough, right?"
"You'll do perverted things to me."
"Of course. That's the point. In fact, strip. Now."
Reluctantly, I stripped. For the money... goodness, I felt so cheap. "Wow, your breasts have gotten bigger. This was how you rallied the boys, right?"
I was so ashamed. Ms Floweria, no, Amy, was my classmate in high school. I envied her. I envied her love with John, her friendliness, her... everything, even though I was much richer than her. I gave some of the boys in high school titjobs in exchange of beating her up, only for her to win effortlessly.
"I'll enjoy this sooo much," she whispered.
I nearly cried from the humiliation as she forced me to pee in a plastic bottle, so that I wouldn't pee during her lesson. "Yes, Mistress."
Hundreds of people came in, most in pairs: a master, and their submissive.
"Morning, ladies and gentlemen!" Amy shouted with a microphone.
"Morning!"
"Right, take your seats, amateurs. I'll teach you the basics of the female body. And not the stupid biology shit, but the real fun."
"This girl, Yuko, will be our example today. About 170 cm, quite a sharp nose, and D-cup breasts."
I forced a sour smile.
"First, both parties need to get in heat. The mouth is a good place to start."
Suddenly, Amy forced her mouth against mine, kissing me for a few seconds. "Now, don't think kissing your slave is beneath you. It's a sign of love towards them, 'kay. You can now move to more erotic areas."
Amy caressed my thighs and squeezed my butt. "Hmmh...."
"Next, you can stimulate the thighs and ass. After that, the tits should be your focus." Amy fondled my breasts. I could feel myself getting wet.
"If your slave has small tits, you can alternatively tease her nipples." Amy pinched my nipples harshly. Juice flowed out from my pussy.
"Notice Yuko's crotch. She's wet from all the foreplay," Amy said again. "Now it's time for the main dish."
Amy thrusted her fingers into my pussy and I came instantly. "Feels good...."
"Right, now you'll please me," Amy said, unshackling me. I knelt.
I licked Amy's pussy while she talked. "Cunnilingus is one of the basic services a slave could provide."
I was wondering when this humiliation would end when a dildo was shoved into my mouth. Amy then inserted a dildo inside my pussy. Overcame by pleasure, I just moaned weakly.
Since when did I turn into such a slut? I was being humiliated yet I was wet. "It's for the money, it's for the money," I whispered to myself. Someone asked something.
"Say again?"
"Anal," the person said, "I am wondering if it's okay to do that."
Anal?!
"Oh, anal," Amy said, nodding. "Some people avoid it entirely, but I'd say it's a waste of a perfectly good hole. You do need to pay heed to a few things, however."
Amy murmured something to a staff member.
"Unlike the pussy, the ass doesn't lubricate itself," Amy noted, "so you'll need this. Thanks."
"Lube," Amy said, pointing at a bottle she just acquired. "Unless your slave's ass is stretched enough, which I doubt yours is, you'll have to lubricate."
I was on all fours. Amy applied the lube on my ass, gently inserting one finger in it. "Uh, but sometime's there's, like, waste there."
"Just a little," Amy said, "if you don't want that, you can administer an enema."
Enema?!
Amy inserted water with some kind of complex system I didn't understand. All I knew was that water soon flowed into my rectum. "The purpose of an enema is to clean," Amy said, "it can be used for punishment, too."
"I can't take it!" I cried. I expelled the water into a bucket. Amy grinned and patted my head.
The humiliation continued for 150 minutes, dildos entering my body. Amy happily explained my erogenous zones and teased my genitals until four words relieved me.
"Well, that's it folks!"
"You did pretty okay," Amy said, throwing me my clothes.
"How can anyone enjoy that?" I asked.
"Didn't you enjoy that? You came six times, Yuko."
"I-"
"See?"
I looked at Amy and sighed. "Can I go take a shower somewhere?"
"Yeah, there are bathrooms here."
I went to one of the bathrooms. To my shock, there were two girls there: one a small, white-skinned, blonde girl, while the other is a tall, brown-skinned girl with black hair. "Oh, sorry."
"We don't mind," the blonde said. She was washing the black-haired girl's back. "The other bathrooms are full, too."
"Is that so?"
"Uh-huh."
I took off my clothes and put them in a dry basket. The two girls had taken the bath tub, so I used the shower. "So," the blonde said, "are you just visiting or are you teaching or something? Ah, I'm Rein, by the way, and she's Cecilia, my slave."
"Slave? So they're the BDSM people," I thought to myself.
"Oh, I'm Yuko. And, er, yeah, I'm teaching, I guess?"
"I see. Who's your Master?"
"Um, Amy."
"Amy? Amy Floweria?"
"Yeah."
"Whew. I know her too," Rein said. "So you're her slave? Amy never said anything to me."
"Um, not really. It's for the money, really. To pay some debts."
"Oh, I see," Rein said, her face sympathetic. "Well, the teachers do get a cut. How much do you get, by the way?"
"50 grand."
"50 GRAND?" Rein and Cecilia bellowed. "Holy hell, that's a lot!"
"U-uh, is that so?"
"Yeah, I mean this event is for charity and our portions are directed from the host's personal bank, not the one thousand dollar fee for visitors," Rein said, "I mean, 50 grand times two is 100 grand."
"I didn't know Amy is that respected," Cecilia said.
"Well, she's one of the most respected," Rein said, "but 100 grand just like that...."
"How much do you get, by the way?"
"10 grand each."
We said our farewells as they finished bathing. I quickly finished my shower. When I got out, Amy was waiting. "Here, let me take you around."
"Hey, Amy, mind if I ask something?"
"Go ahead."
"How much do you get from this?"
"50 grand," Amy replied.
"So we get 100 grand in total?"
"No. 50 grand is the total for 2 sessions. Look, the club's leader might be super rich, but he isn't dashing out 100 grand like that. Not when there are 8 different rooms and 4 different sessions."
"Wait. Then-"
"Yeah. I'm giving it all to you."
"But... but why?"
Amy stopped near the stairs. "Because you're still my friend, no matter the shit you did to me," she said. "But I can't just let your sister go, either. 50 grand is just too much."
"I... thank you."
"Chill."
We passed through the living room. There were a few shops there. "Oh, bullwhip!" Amy noted. "Hmm... no, mine is still good."
"So the shops here all sell BDSM goods?"
"Not all," Amy said, "some do, some sell amateur porn videos, some sell magazines. There are a few big names in the porn industry, too."
"O-oh, pretty crazy here."
"It's nothing yet."
We went downstairs. A bedroom was labeled "Free to Use Slaves". We entered.
And I was shocked. Inside it were three girls, their hands tied to some kind of pole. They were being fucked from behind by three men, and a few others queued behind them.
"Prostitutes?" I whispered with bated breath.
"No, they're just here for the fun," Amy said, "there is a tip jar, though."
Amy pulled a pouch from her pocket. She put one blue coin in each girl's tip jar. "What's that?" I asked.
"Tokens," Amy answered, "you get ten for entering and you can buy one for 150 bucks. When the festival's over, the slaves can exchange them for gifts."
"Gifts?"
"Well, chocolate, kinky costumes, BDSM equipment, stuff like that," Amy said.
We went out and walked through the corridor again. "You want to see the slave auctions?"
"Auctions?" When I heard the word "auctions", I imagined chattel slavery auctions, but, well, the BDSM community must have done it differently.
"Yeah," Amy said, "more like auctions for a service really. You bid for a slave's performance, like a private lap dance or watching her masturbate."
Mr Baker approached from the opposing direction. "Oh, John! You came, too," Amy said. They kissed for a while.
"Of course."
"Is Mrs Wainwright okay?"
"Yeah, her son has already come from the neighbouring city."
"Mrs Wainwright?" I asked.
"She's the previous chief-of-staff of the canteen before me and my mentor. She fell sick and I helped her get some aid before her son could come."
"Oh, I see."
"Seira's not coming?"
"She is, of course."
A slim, silver-haired girl appeared. She was wearing a skimpy, see-through lingerie and she carried a totes bag. "Master."
"Alright, there's a class on exhibitionism now, just for slaves," John said. "Go to Room 18 in the first floor, Seira."
"Yes, Master."
Off she went. "Okay, John and I are going to do a date later, so you can go home first or just walk around. Make sure to go back at six o'clock in the evening."
"HEY, YOU!"
"WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY SISTER?"
DALILAH POV
I wondered. I really wondered.
What the fuck did my sister do to get 50 grand? She couldn't be a hooker, could she?
I sighed. "It's because of me, all because of me."
I noticed that Yuko left her phone behind on the table. Strange. I picked up the phone and saw a digital poster.
BDSM Festival.
"This is how?" I whispered to myself. I immediately rode my motorcycle. If someone were to participate in that festival to pay off my debts, it would be me. Not Yuko.
I eluded the security guards and forced my entry to the mansion. Decadence; naked men and women were everywhere, as well as sex shops. After half an hour of navigating, I met Yuko. She was talking to John and Amy; the very same people I stupidly stole from.
JOHN POV
Shocked. That was all that I felt when Dalilah stormed in, positioning herself in front of Yuko. "Stop doing it with her!" Dalilah barked. "I'll do it instead!"
"Dalilah!" Yuko insisted, "what are you doing? Go home!"
"Go home? Go home while you're being... whatever, in this place? It's my fault; I'll repay it!"
"Look, little princess," Amy said, "we have this thing called a legal contract. Shit doesn't work like that."
Suddenly, Amy's phone rang and she answered it. "Huh? What? He broke his leg? Jeez. What? His slave's leg also broke? Then find a new pair... what? Me? I have a schedule too... you want me to find the replacement? What the hell, that's your job! Huh? Hmm... okay, wait a minute... how much? 30 grand? Okay."
"What's wrong, Amy?" I asked.
"Mr Araragi and his slave Kina. They're supposed to teach at 6 o'clock, but their legs broke. The organizers need a new pair," Amy said. "And I wonder if you and Dalilah want to. It's 30 grand for two people."
"If I do that, my sister doesn't have to, right?"
"No. Both of you will have to do it," Amy said.
"I don't need the extra money," I said. I understood Yuko's difficult financial situation. "They can take the 30 grand."
"So my debts get wiped out and we get an extra 30 grand...," Dalilah whispered.
"That'll really help with the rent," Yuko mumbled to herself.
"Okay. I'll do it," Dalilah said.
"Are you sure, Dalilah?" Yuko asked.
Dalilah nodded. "If you absolutely must go, I'll go with you."
DALILAH POV
It was humiliating. Degrading. He ordered me to strip, leaving my body naked for his enjoyment. "Nice tits," he said jeeringly, "that's even bigger than Yuko's, slut."
"Shut up. I'm just doing this for the money."
"So you're a whore, then. A thief whore."
"Grr...."
He donned a mask. "I will not speak," he said. One man, dressed as a shaman, entered the room alongside the visitors.
"Is this some kind of a sick play?" I asked.
"Define 'sick'. Don't try to refuse anything here."
The event began. The shaman began narrating some kind of history or something.
Suddenly, John grabbed me by my hair, forcing me to kneel. He brutally shoved his long cock in my mouth. "U-umph!"
It wasn't even a blowjob. I was gagged there as he used my throat as if it were my vagina. "H-hhh...."
A slap landed on my face. "Mmh!"
Globulets of sperm raced into my throat, expelled from his cock. "N-no...."
He picked me up like a rag doll. Another slap landed on my butt. And it felt good. It was wrong, it was immoral... but it was good. "More!" I cried out shamelessly.
Another one was given. I positioned myself like a dog and raised my ass up. "Fuck me!" I begged. I felt a strange tingling. Some kind of cream was applied on and in my anus.
"Anal, huh?" I whispered.
His thick shaft invaded my ass. Good thing a dildo or two had entered it before. "Mmmh!" I moaned, my ass torn apart by his cock. "Harder!"
He hastened. I used my hands to stretch my hole even wider. "C-coming!" I moaned. He spurted his cum inside me, a stream of sperm steadily bursting out of it. I collapsed.
"How could it be so good...."
He laid down on the stage, his cock already fully erect, tempting me. I slowly and humiliatingly crawled, positioning myself above the dick. I lowered myself, impaling my pussy. My eyes were focused on the audience.
"Ah, I'm your slut... I'm a whore! Fuck me! Fuck me harder!" Losing all sanity, I stuffed my bushy pussy full of cock.
"Ugu...."
John suddenly planted his nails in my abdomen. He thrusted furiously from below.
"AH! AH! NO! I'LL CUM!"
I came again, my juices wetting the stage. John detached his cock and pinned me down. I stroke his cock in a few quick movements, and I was showered with his semen. "Hah... hah...."
"Well, that's all for now folks!"
John took off his mask. "Good job, Dalilah."
"Thank you... Master."
He raised an eyebrow. "The show's over, you know?"
JOHN POV
"Bloody hell, I didn't think it would be tiring," I said to Amy. We were binge watching movies in my living room.
"You did one session. I did two," Amy grumbled. "Well, I guess you had some problems, considering Dalilah's your partner."
"Hmm... not really. She was pretty submissive."
"Huh? Funny."
There was a knock on the door. "I'll go check."
I walked to the door. "Yes?"
"I-it's me...."
Yuko stood there with nothing but a trench coat. "Oh, it's you, Yuko. Do you need something?"
Yuko nodded. "May I enter? I need to speak to Amy."
"Feel free."
Yuko entered my house. "Amy, Yuko's here to see you!" I called.
Amy walked slowly outside. "Oh, Yuko. Is it about the money? The club will transfer it tomorrow morning."
"N-no, it's not about that."
"Then?"
"P-please train me to be your slave!" Yuko half-shouted. She dropped her coat, revealing that she was naked under the coat.
For a moment, neither Amy nor I could respond as we were frozen in shock. Amy returned to her senses. "Uhh... err... Yuko, you sure about this?" Amy asked.
"When I was on stage, I realized it. This is my true nature. So please, please train me!"
"Hmm... well, then there is no problem. I accept."
"T-thank you!"
"What is happening here?"
Dalilah rushed from nowhere, shouting. She pointed her fingers at her naked stepsister. "What are you doing, Yuko?"
"It's out of my volition. I... I want to be a slave."
"So you too, huh?"
"Huh?"
Dalilah walked slowly towards me. "I want to be your slave!"
"Dalilah!" Yuko barked.
"Are you serious?" I asked, mirroring Amy. Dalilah nodded.
"I don't see why not."
"Dalilah, this isn't a playing matter," Yuko grumbled.
"I know."
Amy and I brought the two sisters up to our bedroom.
"Master...," Dalilah pleaded as I stripped her bare.
"Look at these two sluts," Amy said to me. "Just a few hours of exposure and now they're complete whores."
Both Dalilah and Yuko blushed furiously. Amy and I laid ourselves on the bed.
"We're a bit tired," Amy said while opening her legs wide. She winked at Yuko.
Yuko's tongue started to play with Amy's pussy. "Mmmm... good whore. Yeah, just like that!"
"Come here, cowtits," I ordered. Dalilah walked towards me.
"Yes, Master?"
"Squeeze my cock with your tits."
Dalilah quietly placed my cock in the bulk of her tits. This was one of the very, very few services Seira couldn't or wouldn't provide. "Does this feel good, Master?" she asked.
"Not bad."
"Thank you, Master." Dalilah's soft tits pressurize my cock, while her tongue pleased the tip of my cock.
"Wanna play a little game, John?"
"What is it?"
"Let's enjoy a little lesbian show. Yuko, Dalilah, kiss each other."
"B-but she's my sister!" Yuko protested. Dalilah looked at me.
"Go ahead."
Dalilah pinned her sister to the bed. She immediately kissed Yuko. "Mmmh!"
"You always get the cream of the crop, John," Amy said. "Look at how obedient she is."
"Mind if I borrow yours?" I asked.
"Feel free."
"Yuko, all fours."
Yuko followed my order, boasting her thick ass. I lubed her anus and began teasing the tip of it with my cock.
"Noo... it won't fit...."
"Nonsense. If it fits your sister's, it'll fit yours."
I wiggled in two of my fingers, testing Yuko's ass. Meanwhile, Dalilah slipped below her, licking her exposed pussy; Yuko returned the favour. Amy prepared to penetrate Dalilah's anus.
Yuko's warm ass enveloped my dick; it felt almost identical to Dalilah's. "Wah! What a tight ass!" I complimented Yuko.
"She's blushing," Amy said.
The air was filled by muffled moans of Yuko and Dalilah. "Nasty sluts!" Amy shouted in ecstasy.
The fun was interrupted by a stomach growl. "S-sorry," Yuko said.
"Oh, I've always wanted to try a game. John, mind stopping for a while?"
"Sure," I said, a bit disappointed since I was near climax.
Amy left. "Ahn, Master," Dalilah muttered.
"What is it?"
"Can you fuck me now, Master? Pretty please?"
I was surprised at how depraved Dalilah suddenly became. "Not now."
Amy came back with a few boiled eggs, milk, and a dog bowl. "You're hungry, right?" Yuko nodded.
"All fours, both of you."
Wait; don't tell me.... "Amy, are we doing that?"
"Why not?"
"They're new."
"Well, we should let them know what they're signing up for."
"True that."
"H-hey! That's dirty!" Yuko squealed as Amy inserted one egg inside her ass. I, on the other hand, began pouring milk inside the docile Dalilah's ass.
"This is tame," the sadist Amy said. "If you want to eat, you'll have to work for it."
"It feels weird," Dalilah said as I gave her a milk enema.
"Whelps, that's enough," I said, emptying a half-full milk carton. "Expel now, Dalilah."
"Yes, Master." Dalilah squatted over the large dog feed bowl. She expelled half a litre of milk.
"Is Yuko ready, Amy?"
"Hmm... yeah, three is enough. Come on, Yuko, let's show us how you expel them."
"Mmm...."
Yuko also squatted. Almost immediately, one egg fell from her anus. "Don't look, Dalilah."
"Who's giving orders here?" Amy barked.
"S-sorry, Mistress. Nggh!"
Another egg was expelled. "Ha... ha...."
"One more, Yuko."
"It's so deep! Nggh!" With great effort, Yuko ultimately ousted the last egg. Now three boiled eggs were swimming around milk; all of which had been inside Yuko's and Dalilah's ass, respectively. Both slaves were on all fours again, preparing to eat.
"Wait," Amy ordered. She spreaded her genitals with her fingers, and yellow urine burst out of it. Dalilah didn't respond as Amy''s urine mixed with the milk; Yuko was horrified.
"Well, let me add some salty toppings," I said, smirking. Amy returned my smirk. She immediately massaged my cock softly, then in a rapid manner.
I spurted out white cum, further adding to the concoction. "Bon appetit," Amy said mischiveously.
Yuko reluctantly began eating the eggs, but Dalilah greedily devoured the soup. Yuko ate two of the eggs while Dalilah had one, but the latter drank most of the soup. "Delicious, Master," Dalilah said.
"Well, that's it for today," Amy and I said. "We'll meet again some time."