It was Thursday morning. Both had been too busy on the Wednesday to really have much of an opportunity to chat to one another at work.
When he arrived slightly later than usual due to the traffic lights down the road, he went into the office to collect his delivery schedule as per usual. As he entered the room he noticed that she was talking to Lauren, another member of the admin team, and they were discussing something on the screen. There appeared to be some problem that they were trying to solve.
Lauren was sat down in her office chair while she was looking over Lauren's shoulder with one hand on the desk and the other on Lauren's office chair, bending over. She was wearing one of his favourite dresses, navy dress with green polka dots all over. Just like all her other dresses, this one had risen up to just below her arse.
He couldn't help himself. The sight of her smooth, tanned legs on full show was just too tempting.
He walked into the office and greeted both with a 'good morning.' Lauren was too engrossed on the contents of the screen and replied back with a courtesy 'good morning,' clearly distracted.
She, however, looked over her shoulder and smiled brightly. 'And a good morning to you,' she said, winking at him with menace in her eyes.
'What seems to be the problem?' he asked striding forwards, just behind them both.
'We've noticed a problem with the deliveries today but we can't establish how it happened,' Lauren explained in exasperation.
'Can I do anything to help?' he asked.
Lauren continued staring at the screen, while she said, 'No thank you, I know what your IT skills are like,' and then raised her right hand to point something out to Lauren on the screen.
He was in a mood to tease. He put his hand under her dress and rested it on the outside of her upper thigh just below her knicker line. 'Mmm,' she purred.
'Are you ok?' Lauren asked.
'Oh yes, sorry, I'm just thinking out loud.'
'I'll just hang around then,' he said, 'in case anyone needs me, after all, I can't go anywhere without my route.'
Then he took his right hand and grazed his fingernails down to her ankles. She didn't stop him and took a little sharp intake of breath as he ran his fingertips back up her thigh.
Fortunately, there was no one else in the office so as long she kept quiet, Lauren would never know.
He continued to run his hands up and down her soft legs, each time moving closer to the inside of her thighs and higher towards where her navy silk knickers finished.
She instinctively parted her legs, inviting him to touch her more intimately. He accepted and pulled the bottom of her knickers to one side so he could gently begin to finger her from behind.
She coughed and started to fluster.
'Are you sure you're ok?' asked Lauren.
'Oh yes, yeah, I'm just thinking about where this cock-up has occurred.'
Lauren went on to explain her theory while he and she pretended to listen.
He took his time in stroking her smooth and wet pussy lips. He was careful not to to slip his fingers inside her or touch her clit. He traced the outline of her lips, slowly teasing her.
She turned to face him biting her lip, shaking her head and looking at him longingly in the eye as if to say stop but clearly enjoying the sensations his touch brought. Pushing her arse out further, she encouraged him to finger her more.
His cock was swelling with excitement. If Lauren turned around now, she would see the bulge in his trousers and know that something was going on. He tried hard to ignore the discomfort his solid cock was causing him. It was now fully erect and his purple head was pushing against his waistband.
Having teased her enough, he dipped two fingers into her soaking pussy. Instead of gently probing her, as he had done previously, he thrust two fingers directly into her, resting the palm of his hand in the sensitive area between her vulva and her arse.
This brought about another sharp intake of breath. Lauren was now typing rapidly, having figured out what had gone wrong, and didn't notice the heightened state of arousal her work colleague was in.
He proceeded to plunge his fingers deep inside the walls of her pussy, which were juicing every time he removed his fingers. This pussy was like no other he thought. She was literally dripping with excitement.
She parted her legs a little more and did well to keep her breathing under control. He took his two fingers out and slid them further forward where he found a very, very wet swollen clit.
He toyed with it, tormenting her with every stroke knowing full well but it wouldn't be long before she would climax. He rolled it, pressed down on it, smoothed it and circled it with one finger, then two.
She turned to look at him once more and mouthed to him silently, almost pleading with him, 'Please don't make me come.' He just smiled back and continued with his rhythmic finger fucking technique.
With his left hand, he pulled her knickers slightly further to one side exposing her beautiful puckered arse hole. Should he, could he, he thought? He licked his finger and gently rubbed it around his new favourite spot.
From the way that she was grimacing and pushing out with her hips, he knew that she was close. Without warning, he slipped his lubricated finger into her arse, at the same time increasing the speed at which he frigged her off, massaging her juicy bud.
While he probed her arse with his finger, he rotated it, almost in a corkscrew action, stretching her sphincter each time. He was so turned on. But clearly not as much as she was!
It was too much for her. Her succulent pussy and arse went into spasm, she was coming in the office and couldn't hold back. 'Fuckkkkkk!' she moaned just above Lauren's shoulder, who was still typing away correcting the delivery schedule.
In case Lauren turned around, he immediately pulled his fingers out of her delicious love holes and pulled her panties back to their proper place, before smoothing down her skirt.
'I beg your pardon,' said Lauren, slightly disturbed by her outburst.
'I'm sorry,' she stammered, red and flushed in the face and considering herself lucky that Lauren wasn't actually looking at her. 'I was just berating myself for not noticing the mistake earlier on. I'm sorry you've had to spend this time correcting it.'
She looked over her shoulder and gave him a smouldering look, mouthing the words, ' Fucking hell, that was lush, thank you,'
He said, 'I'm sure Lauren doesn't mind. I've certainly enjoyed the break.' He knew that sliding his cock into her was going too far but later that evening that's exactly what he intended to do.
He adjusted the stiff discomfort in his pants and took the delivery schedule from Lauren as she printed it off.
'Thanks Lauren, that's great,' he said.
She said, 'Yeah thanks Lauren, I needed that.'
'No problem, anytime, I'm always happy to help,' she said.
He took the keys to the van and left them to sort out the schedule for the next day, hoping that maybe they might make another mistake.