Our Early Dress-up surprise games.
Dress-up surprise, my Turn
I SAW A BIG BOX IN THE BIG BOX STORE
We were addicted to those small Strip Clubs in Peoria and a few other nearby towns in the Mid-West. Seems as though as fast as the County or a city shut one down another appeared. The nice thing about this was we saw fresh titties and made new friends who we'd plan to meet again at a Club.
We also had a few married friends who went with us at times. All the gals were cute, well built and loved dressing wild too. Yes, flashing their titties when we'd least expect it kept it fun. Thinking back, I don't remember seeing many obese women anyplace.
This happened sometime later in the Winter of 1963-64 probably. I've mentioned this before, my little brain has those RESTORE POINTS, like a computer. My restore-remember places are the vehicle I drove, the place I worked, or something else memorable. In this case I'd switched vehicles a lot and moved to a larger house. This was also when I gave in and went to the Big Factory.
I decided it was my turn to surprise Dollie. She was used to flashing her titties and sitting with her butt cheeks exposed in the strip joints and small family bars we were known to visit. We had no plans for friends to go or meet anyplace.
I believe it was mid-afternoon on a Saturday or Sunday. Dollie questioned why we were leaving for bars and strip clubs so early. I had an answer. Don't remember what it was. But it worked.
On the bed, I laid a tiny mini-skirt and a button down blouse. Nothing more! This time, a first for Club visits, no panties! My plan!! She didn't do it without putting up a hassle! Lot's of bitchin and moanin involved! We were talking about going to our favorite strip clubs. But I already had other ideas!
Heeee heee!
I was takin her shoe shopping at what was the first Big Box store in Peoria. Don't even remember what it was named. Not a modern chain store, not nearly as large, and I don't think the place lasted long.
If ya ever tried to move a mule away from a feed trough, then you have some idea of how difficult it was getting Dollie into that Big Box store wearing a micro-mini skirt without panties!Micro as in way too short!
Here's a note... Many stores had clerks, stock boys, and girls who seemed to always be nearby to help. If ya asked for a fan belt for a 1953 Studebaker-- or a new belt to match the jeans you were wearing, you just asked. Most times you we greeted with smiles and taken right to where the item was. Imagine that!
Stores like the New Box and clothing stores had a shoe salesman, much like Al Bundy on 'Married With Children' TV fame, to bring the shoes you asked for, place your foot on his knee, and try it on your foot! Imagine that! My plan, from the beginning, was for Ms.Dollie to buy some new high heeled shoes.
Note #2--- That's nuther thing back in the 50's-70's-- many women, young through at least middle aged often wore high healed shoes, mini skirts, or hot pants, and cleavage showin tops... Imagine that! The good ole days really were!!
Dollie constantly worried and griped that people were going to see her pussy! My plan exactly! I just told her "don't worry about it." She still did worry and gripe. I had to put up with a lot from her over the years!
Even I got a surprise or two that afternoon. We just sort of wandered up and down isles of that new Big Box looking at stuff. There was a young gal in a mini skirt, kneeling down on the floor, stocking shelves... that's what stock clerks did! Dollie and I noticed the girl's crotch... covered with small panties.
The stock girl, from her angle, noticed Dollie's crotch, covered with nothing. It was obvious to us all what each was admiring! Purposely, I kept Dollie in the area looking at items higher on shelves, where Dollie had to sort of stretch to see.
I even got her to spread her legs, as she noticed the stock gal staring directly up Dollie's itty bitty skirt. Dollie's first non-beach public pussy exposure... to a female!
After we wandered down the isle a bit farther, the stock gal left. To both our amazement she reappeared a few isles over. As we walked toward her, she squatted down with knees bent and spread, pretending to be doing something with merchandise on a lower shelf. We both saw PINK! That ornery little girl went someplace, removed her panties, and flashed her cooter to us!
She was smiling like a Cheshire cat! Dollie and I thanked her. To show our appreciation, Dollie did the same! The things people could do before surveillance cameras! We visited awhile and repeatedly thanked and complimented one another. The little cutie admitted she'd never had done such a thing. Dollie told her this was also a first.
It would be many years before we'd see any female do this in a store! At Bike Events, beaches, and other outdoor places, yes! But that afternoon, long ago, was a first and last for a pussy sharing-showing surprise by an employee!
However many other gals have tit flashed in stores. Some because Dollie had. Some because Dollie was showing a lot of booby. Sometimes because I was staring too much, something I do! Sometimes just because that's what ornery girls do.
Remember, I was takin Dollie shoe shopping?