It was mid-morning, and I was on the way to the beach with my little sister's best friend, Kim. She was with our family on vacation. She'd come to the shore with us a couple times; she and my sister were practically inseparable during the summer.
Kim lived next door to us back home. Kim, or "Kimmy" as she was known back then, had been Jenny's best friend as long as they could remember. Jenny, like the rest of our church-going family, was rather conservative. Kimmy and Jenny were like two peas in a pod when they were kids, but lately I had heard that she had started going by "Kim" and hanging out with a faster crowd in school. Kim and Jenny weren't in a lot of classes together, and with Jenny getting ready to go off to college, it seemed their time together wouldn't last much longer. So when Jenny asked if Kim could come along to the beach condo, my parents didn't think twice.
We got into town last night, and had dinner out. But with a long week ahead of us, Mom went grocery shopping to stock up for the week. Jenny had gone along to help. Kim, of course, wasn't interested in chores and said she was anxious to get to the beach and work on her tan. Dad just sat on the balcony, reading. He never cared for the heat and the sand; he only got the condo because Mom and Jenny enjoyed it. I had intended to go to the beach by myself and do some girl-watching.
Dad said to take Kim with me, and I wasn't thrilled about it. She was going to cramp my style. Not that I had any style, or any intention of actually talking to any girls, but with my sister's friend along there wasn't even the illusion of anything happening.
Kim had been quiet on the walk to the beach, but as we crossed the sand to shoreline, she had come to life.
"I'm glad we got here early. The sand's still cool. I hate walking on the beach when the sand gets too hot," she said.
"Uh hmm," I mumbled in agreement, not really interested.
"Let's get a spot down front. I like to be near the water."
"You and everyone else," I thought, but I was actually happy because I wanted to watch the girls walk by up and down the shoreline. This way, it was her idea.
It wasn't too crowded yet, and we set our stuff down in a spot about twenty feet from anyone else. In a couple hours, people would be jammed all around. But getting here early had paid off. There were a couple families nearby, with kids playing in the sand. They would probably leave when it got hot and hopefully be replaced with sunbathers.
I let Kim set her towel down first. I set mine down about 3 feet away. While we were together, I wanted to establish that we weren't *together*.
We set about unpacking and getting settled. Kim had worn pink flip flops, loose fitting shorts and and a big tank top. I could see the straps of a red string bikini on her shoulders under the tank top. She was a petite girl, with dirty-blonde hair under a cap. She hadn't bothered doing her hair since she intended to do some swimming. She knelt down and dug into a large beach bag, looking for god knows what.
I was wearing flip flops, my swim trunks and a t-shirt. I sat down on my towel and took off my shirt. I began putting on sunscreen, trying to ignore Kim who was behind me and to the right, at the head of her towel. She had been babbling about something, but had stopped. I assumed that she had finally figured out that I wasn't interested in her running commentary. I focused on not missing any places with the lotion. I burn easily.
"Well, I'm ready. What do you think?", she said.
I leaned back on my elbows and looked over. There stood Kim, her hands on her hips, in her red bikini bottoms and nothing else. Her blonde hair was blowing in the wind, her small breasts bare and thrust out as if she were expecting me to compliment them. Her nipples were light pink and puffy, her aureoles like little cones.
"Kimmy! What are you doing?" I yelled, but trailing off, fearing drawing attention.
"What?" she giggled.
"This is a public beach!" I whispered loudly.
"What? That girl over there has her top off," she said, laughing, not making any attempt to keep her voice down. She gestured over to the family to our left.
"That girl is six," I replied, though she was probably anywhere between eight and twelve.
"So?"
"So, it's fine for her. You're...", I stammered, at a loss for words.
"What, you don't think I could pass for a little kid?" She dug her foot in the sand and hunched her shoulders forward, trying to look smaller than her petite self. But the motion had the opposite effect. Her breasts, which had been stretched tight across her rib cage, now hung forward, actually giving her some cleavage.
I started to get nervous. Looking around, nobody was paying any attention. Maybe from a distance she didn't look as mature as she was. Or maybe nobody had noticed yet.
"You're going to get us thrown out of here," I told her, looking back at her. I was so distracted, I forgot to look anywhere but right at her pretty tits.
"Oh, relax. They don't do that", she said. She took a couple steps toward me, walking with one foot directly in front of the other so that her hips swayed. "Besides," she said, "it looks like you like it. Don't tell me you don't." And with that, she lifted her right foot and pressed it into my crotch. She had noticed my growing hard-on through my trunks, and gave it little squeeze with her toes before removing her foot. She laughed again, enjoying my embarrassment.
I tried to compose myself and sound authoritative. "Come on, more people will be here soon. Put something on."
"I aways knew you were no fun," she said, stamping her foot and turning away.
I looked down at the sand footprint in my lap. I brushed it off as I looked back at Kim. She was leaning over her big bag again, her ass pointed up in the air, red bottoms riding up. I enjoyed the view as I continued to brush off the sand, with perhaps more vigor than was required.
"I can be fun. This just isn't the place," I said.
"Oh really," she replied, looking back at me. I quickly stopped brushing myself.
"Maybe later then," she continued. She pulled the tank top out her bag and then over her head. She turned to face me and held her hands out as if to say, "You happy now?" The white tank top covered her, but was about two sizes too big. The arm holes hung halfway down her sides and it was still clear she had no top on underneath. It did nothing to ease my hard-on, which she ran her eyes over and smirked.
Kim then turned and ran down to the breakers, and started easing her way slowly into the cold water. It occurred to me the sight that I would soon have as she returned.
I settled in for the day I had planned: one of girl watching, but now with the surprise addition of the one I had brought with me. I let my mind wander over what "later" meant.