This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any real person or entity are entirely coincidental and unintended. It does start slowly.
*****
I always gave my hometown as a particular medium-sized city in the lower Midwest. To be more precise, though, I grew up about twenty miles east of the city. The area had been pretty rural back then. Even today, the area is less intensely developed than other areas around the periphery of the city. As typifies much of the lower Midwest, it is an area of hills, creeks, and winding roads.
I had gone to college in Chicago and to law school in North Carolina. After summer jobs with firms in the South and on the West Coast, I made the risk-averse decision to move back home. I took an entry level position with a huge firm in the city and lived in an apartment Downtown. Four years later, a couple of the partners with whom I worked closely left the firm to set up their own shop. I and a couple of other younger lawyers went with them. Almost two years ago, my mother succumbed after a long fight with cancer. A massive heart attack claimed my father about six months later.
One major consequence of my parents' passing was that I inherited their home: a very old house on 50 hilly, wooded acres about twenty minutes' drive out of Downtown (without traffic). I could never afford a comparable property on my own, even if one was available. So, I moved back to the place where I had grown up.
Despite moving back to the "country," my orientation remained towards the city. I worked in the city; did my shopping there; and went to restaurants, bars, shows, and sports there. One Sunday morning, I found myself without anything to eat for breakfast. Instead of going to my usual suburban supermarket, I decided to try the small grocery/hardware store in the small town where I had gone to high school, about seven miles farther east. I only needed eggs. Surely the store would have those.
There were only a couple of cars in the parking lot when I pulled in. The store itself initially seemed empty save for a very bored-looking check-out clerk. As I searched for the eggs, I was walking slowly past the refrigerated cases at the back of the store. I simply didn't notice the woman coming from the opposite direction until I bumped into her. She apparently hadn't noticed me either.
We didn't hit hard but, of course, I was immediately apologetic. Something about the woman looked familiar, but she wasn't anyone I knew in my current life. She looked at me for a moment and then asked, "Harry? Harry Stone?"
Recognition slowly dawned on me. "Yes," I said. "Carol Carr?"
The woman's face lit with a magnificent smile. "Yeah," she said. "What are you doing here?"
I had gone to high school with Carol Carr. We had never dated, but were part of the same loose group of 25 -30 friends, who had partied together and, notwithstanding the partying, were the top students, athletes, and musicians at our small school. I remembered Carol, when I thought of her at all, as attractive but nothing special. The woman standing in front of me now, while recognizably Carol, was special indeed.
Carol was a couple of inches shorter than me. Thick shoulder length brown hair framed a face somewhat reminiscent of the actress Ashley Judd. The tee-shirt and jeans she was wearing suggested a slender body with very noticeable, but proportionate, breasts. As an adult, Carol had become a very beautiful woman.
"Just looking for some eggs," I said inelegantly.
"Silly, I mean what are you doing in the village at all?" Carol replied.
"When my folks passed, I took their place, so I sort of live in the area again. What are you doing here? The last I heard, several years ago, you were in grad school somewhere out West."
"Yeah," Carol said. "It's a long story. I moved back about a year ago. Hey, you remember Terry Cole and Tom Barnes?"
"I do now that you mention them," I replied. We had also gone to high school with Terry and Tom.
"I'm having a small dinner at my place Friday, nothing fancy. Terry and Tom and a couple of other people are coming. Why don't you come? Bring your wife or girlfriend."
"Well, I'm still single and I'm not seeing anyone at the moment," I said.
Carol gave me a look which I couldn't interpret. "That's ok," she said. "Come anyway, about 7:00 p.m. Hey, I have to run. Give me your number and I'll call you with directions later in the week."
"Thanks," I said. "It might be fun to see a few of the people from back then." I gave Carol my cell number.
Carol typed my number into her phone, said "bye for now," turned, and walked away. It looked like her jeans probably covered a splendid ass.
I had serious doubts that Carol would actually call. I was also surprised at myself for hoping that she would.
Carol did call Tuesday night. She renewed her invitation and added that Mike Marsh and "a friend" were coming. Mike and I had been very good friends in high school, but I hadn't seen or talked to him for several years. If nothing else, it would be nice to re-connect with him. Carol gave me directions to her place, which was only a couple of miles from mine.
"Can I bring anything?" I asked.
"A bottle or two of wine would be useful. You remember how we all used to drink." Carol laughed.
That Friday evening was unseasonably warm for October. Armed with three bottles of fairly good wine, I snaked through the couple of miles until I found a mailbox with the street number which Carol had given me on Turkey Run Road. Besides the mailbox, all I could see was the entrance to a driveway that seemed to go straight up a hill. At least it was blacktopped.
Carol's driveway went uphill, with a couple of switchbacks, for about a quarter mile. At the top, a rustic, but fairly new-looking, house stood in a clearing. Stepping out of my car, I looked around. I knew the area, but had been unaware of this house. Although I knew that there were other houses around, I could not see any; only trees and, through a line of what looked like apple trees behind the house, something that might have been a meadow.
Carol was standing on her front porch, looking even better than she had looked in the grocery store. As she made a sweeping gesture with her left arm, she asked, "What do you think?"
"It looks great," I said. "How long have you had it?"
"Just over a year," Carol replied. "I got lucky. When I decided to move back here from the Bay Area, I was looking for anything in this general region. This place was being sold to liquidate an estate so the asking price was very reasonable. I grew up about a mile from here. I knocked them down a few thousand and decided 'why not move back to the old neighborhood?' I've done a little work on it since."
I followed Carol inside. The house was neat, nicely furnished, and more spacious than it appeared from outside. "I'm just putting together dinner," Carol said. "Come on into the kitchen and put your wine down. Terry and Tom and Mike and his friend should be here any minute."
"Can I help with anything?" I asked.
Carol though for a second. "Yeah, I've gone some lettuce and things out. Could you chop that up and put together a salad?"
Carol's kitchen was very well-equipped and smelled slightly of garlic. Pots were simmering on a high-end range. I put together a salad as Carol worked on her main course.
At my prompting, Carol gave me a summary of her post-high school life. "I went to college in Wisconsin and studied computers. I got into a grad program in Seattle. With Microsoft out there, they have some great instructors. After I got my masters, I hooked up with an online marketing firm in Oakland. I lived in the Bar Area until just over a year ago."
"What prompted you to move back to flyover land?" I asked.
"Several things," Carol replied. "First, the tech industry out there is very male-dominated. I saw myself running into a glass ceiling. I figured that I could do what I was doing for the guys on my own and control my own future. Of course, the Bay Area is a very expensive place to live. I thought that I needed to be somewhere with a lower cost of living if I wanted to have a real chance of making it on my own. While the Bay Area was exciting, as I got a little bit older, the idea of going back to where I have roots started to seem more appealing. Also, I had a multi-year relationship that had just ended."
"I'm sorry," I said.
"Don't be," Carol said, "He was a shit. It just took me a long time to see that." Carol paused. "Basically, I got dumped for a newer model."
I looked at Carol for a moment. Assuming that her move home had not caused some magical transformation in her appearance, I thought that her ex-lover had exercised extraordinarily bad judgment. Carol looked back at me, saying nothing more.
The silence was broken by Carol's doorbell. "Would you get that?" Carol asked. I went to the door and opened it for Terry Cole and Tom Barnes.
Terry stood on the porch with Tom behind her. She momentarily had a perplexed expression. "Harry Stone?" she asked. I nodded. "Well, I wasn't expecting to see you. How are you?"
Terry still wore her blonde hair cut short as she had in high school. She still had the compact figure she had possessed as a high school cheerleader and tennis player. There were some age lines in her face. Terry and I had never been close friends, but she was a part of that same group in high school. Terry had been very straight-arrow in high school. I was surprised that she had hooked up with Tom, who had been a dedicated stoner in high school and not the sort of whom Terry had approved. Tom had been so languid, or stoned, all the time that you wondered whether he was aware of his surroundings. He looked more mature and responsible now.
Over Terry's and Tom's shoulders, I say another car pull up. I showed Terry and Tom into the house and went back to the porch to greet my old friend Mike Marsh. Mike stopped as he got out of the car.
"Stone? What the hell are you doing here?" Mike exclaimed. He bounced up the steps, put his left hand on my shoulder, and shook my right hand vigorously. "Shit! It's good to see you!"
A short blonde-haired woman followed Mike up the steps. "I'm sorry," Mike said to us both. "This is my friend Stephanie Welch."
Stephanie was an attractive woman. She had medium blonde hair down her back, thick lips and sparkling eyes in a friendly face, and a very noticeable chest above a slim waist. "Pleased to meet you," Stephanie said in a voice that sounded like Bacall in one of her films with Humphrey Bogart. Mike had been a Bogart fan and I wondered whether Stephanie's voice was part of the attraction. Actually, Stephanie appeared to have a number of attractive qualities.
I followed Mike and Stephanie into Carol's house. Carol was in the front room greeting her other guests. Stephanie's splendor, which had seemed so bright on the porch, faded noticeably when you saw her in the same room with Carol.
Carol had made an excellent pasta dish for dinner. We all ate a lot as we caught up on each other's lives. After dinner was cleaned up, we sat in Carol's front room, drinking wine and reminiscing.
I shouldn't have been surprised that Terry brought it up. Laughing, she said, "Do you remember when Harry streaked the dairy bar? You were a sophomore, weren't you Harry? We'd heard for days that you were going to do it, but no one thought that you really would. The girls' tennis team cut practice short to go down and see. Even Coach Gilchrist came along. You came running out from the back with nothing on but your shoes. Then you slowed to a walk and started talking to people and shaking hands. I've got to be honest, I thought that was the dumbest thing you ever did."
Stephanie said, "Good for you Harry."
Carol quietly said, "I was there too. It looked to me like Harry was having a great time. I wished that I had had the courage to do it too."
Terry shot Carol a look. Carol looked back. A smile grew on Carol's face. "Speaking of streaking, I put a hot tub out back. Tonight would be a great night to use it."
"What has that got to do with Harry running around with no clothes on back in high school?" Terry asked.
Carol's smile broadened. "Well, I never wear anything when I use the hot tub."
Stephanie chimed in, "No one wears a suit in a hot tub."
Terry looked a little shocked. "Tom and I certainly are not taking our clothes off!" I noticed that Tom didn't get to speak for himself.
Carol stood and kicked her shoes off. "Harry," she asked, "Are you in?"
I stood up. "It sounds delightful," I said.
Carol had pulled her top off and set it on her chair. As she reached back to undo her bra, she asked, "Mike? Stephanie?"
Stephanie stood up and whipped her top off. "We're definitely in girl!" With an amused expression, Mike reached down and slipped off his shoes.
I wasn't sure whether Carol was really serious. I had taken off my shoes and my shirt, but was hesitating with my belt to see how this played out. Carol had removed her bra. Her breasts, still firm, were magnificent. She undid the front of her jeans, hooked her fingers into the top of her jeans and the waistband of her panties and pushed them both down to her feet. She stepped out of her last clothes and placed them on her chair.
I had thought that Carol was very beautiful clothed. She was considerably more beautiful naked. Her body was perfectly proportioned. Her flawless skin had a slight allover tan. She projected confidence, perhaps even pride, standing there naked. I quickly dropped my trousers and shorts. Carol looked at me standing naked and smiled. Stephanie and Mike quickly got their clothes off.
"You're all perverted!" Terry exclaimed.
"What's wrong about getting naked with some old friends?" Carol asked. "There's no one else here to see us." Terry responded with a stern, disapproving look.
"You're really not going to undress?" Carol asked. Terry shook her head emphatically. "Will you come in if I can find you something to wear?" Carol asked.
Terry responded, "If you insist."
"Ok, we're about the same size. Let me turn the tub on so that it heats and I'll look." Carol turned to walk out of the room. Her bare ass was, as I had suspected, perfect.
Carol came back into the room a few minutes later and tossed a black one-piece swimsuit at Terry. "That ought to fit you," Carol said. She handed a pair of shorts to Tom. "These are from an old boyfriend," Carol said. "They've been washed. You guys can change in the bathroom."
Terry and Tom changed one at a time. As Terry came back into the room, she said, "I feel like I'm naked." The swimsuit Carol had given her was generally very conservative, except that there was a band of clear mesh material, maybe an inch wide, that ran from the left thigh diagonally up to the right should, revealing a swath of bare skin that included part of the underside of Terry's right breast.
"You're fine," Carol said with some evident frustration. "Let's get in the tub." We followed Carol's highly desirable bare body through her kitchen and out her back door. The tub was above ground at one end of Carol's back porch. It was bathed in soft lights. Stars shown above in a clear sky.
You had to raise your leg over the side of the tub to get in it. Carol and Stephanie did that without hesitation even though the movement exposed their vulvas completely.
Despite being clothed, Terry made a show of struggling to get into the tub "demurely." I finally stepped up and offered a hand to help her. Terry settled into the tub, gave my dick a long look, and said, "Why thank you Harry."
The tub was nice. It was very warm without being uncomfortably hot. I sat on the opposite side of the tub from Carol. Terry and Tom sat to my left, with a couple of inches separating them. Stephanie and Mike were to my right, sitting shoulder to shoulder.
We all luxuriated in the tub for a time, saying little. Carol broke the silence by asking, "Harry, would you go into the kitchen and get me another glass of wine?"
Naked, I got out of the tub, grabbed a towel off of a hook, toweled off, and hung the towel back up. All three women were looking at me as I came back out with Carol's wine and walked around the tub to hand it to her. I got back in the tub and had only just gotten settled when Stephanie asked me to get her more wine. I repeated the process.
I wasn't back in the tub very long before Terry asked me to get her more wine. I didn't want to be rude, so I got out of the tub once again. After toweling off for the third time, I faced my friends in the tub and asked, "How did I get designated to be the waiter?"
"Maybe we just like to see you walk around naked," Carol replied.
The six of us sat in the tub for some time. Although Terry had expressed indignation about the nudity, she didn't seem to mind being around others who were nude if she was clothed. After a while, I caught movement in the corner of my eye that I suspected to be Stephanie playing with Mike under the water. Not long after, Mike announced that they needed to leave. I made a point of not looking at Mike's groin as he stood up and got out of the tub. Terry's giggle led me to believe that the hard-on Stephanie had probably given him hadn't completely gone down.
Mike and Stephanie toweled each other off and walked, bare, into Carol's house with their arms around each other. As we heard their car start, Tom whispered into Terry's ear.
Terry said, "We need to be leaving too. Thank you for dinner Carol. I'll wash the suit and the shorts and get them back to you." Terry giggled as she added, "It was nice to see you again Harry."
Carol and I stayed in the tub, on opposite sides, after Terry and Tom left. Finally, Carol let out a sigh. "Harry, please get me some more wine. You can have more yourself too. Don't worry about driving, you can stay here." I must have made some facial expression when Carol invited me to stay because she smiled and added, "I've got a very nice guest bedroom."
I did sleep, by myself, in Carol's guest room. When I awoke Saturday morning, I put on my pants and shirt and went downstairs. Carol was already up and was in the kitchen. She was also completely naked.
"Good morning," Carol greeted me. "I'm scrambling some eggs." I guess that I was looking too intently at Carol's beautiful nude body. "Sorry," she said, "I usually stay nude around the house. I'm something of a nudist."
"That is ok with me, "I replied. "You look very beautiful."
Carol looked at me for a moment. "Thank you," she said. "It's up to you, but you're welcome to go nude too."
"Would you prefer that I take my clothes off?" I asked.
"I would, if you're ok with it," Carol replied.
"No problem," I said. I pulled my shirt off, dropped my trousers, and set them both over a chair back. "What can I do to help?"
Carol looked at my naked body for a minute or so. "You look pretty good naked yourself Harry. Of course, I remembered that from your streak in high school. You can help by getting the coffee and the grinder out of that cabinet, grind some up, and start the coffeemaker."
Carol made wonderful scrambled eggs with some garlic and mushrooms blended in. Over breakfast, I took a small risk and asked, "Are you really a nudist?"
"Yes, I'd say so," Carol answered. "Josh, the guy I had the long relationship with, got me into it. He had been raised as a nudist. He kept asking me to go to nudist resorts and events with him. I kept refusing. I mean, only sluts let strangers see their bare tits and pussy, right? Josh kept asking. Finally, he took me to Black's Beach just north of San Diego. It was highly unlikely that I'd run into anyone I knew there. I figured that it was important to Josh so I'd better go nude if I wanted the relationship to continue. Yeah. It sure helped. Right"
Carol sipped her coffee. "Anyway, we went there one weekend. I was scared to death and had decided that I wasn't going to undress after all. We got onto the beach. Pretty much everyone else on the beach was nude. They were just acting like anyone would at the beach, except they had no clothes on. I thought 'ok, maybe it isn't that bad.'"
Carol giggled. "I've got to admit, while I was scared, it was also arousing to take my clothes off outside with a lot of people around. I felt the sun and breeze on my skin and it really felt nice. Josh and I went into the Pacific. Being naked in the water felt so much better than having a suit on."
Carol sipped more coffee. "Anyway, we stayed all day and I stayed naked the whole time. As the day went on, the beach got fairly crowded. Most people were nude, but every so often, people, usually just guys, would walk by dressed looking at everyone. The people whom we'd met at the beach that day were annoyed by that and called the guys 'gawkers.' But, I slowly realized that I enjoyed having them see me with nothing on. I'm something on an exhibitionist too. Anyway, I realized that I like going naked. From that point, Jeff and I started going places to go nude. Have you ever been to Munich, Germany?"
"Yes," I said.
"Did you go to the big park they have there, the Englischer Garten?"
"I have and I have been in the nude area not far from the faux Chinese tower," I said.
"Really?" Carol said. She smiled.
I helped Carol clean up the breakfast dishes. I was about to get dressed and leave when she took my hand. "Come with me. I want to show you something."
Carol led me to a closed door at the rear of the house's first floor. She opened the door to reveal a room full of computers, monitors, and the like.
"This is my office," Carol said. "What I want you to see are the pictures."
There were a number of framed photographs hanging on the wall. All of the pictures were of Carol. They were all tasteful, but she was obviously nude in each picture.
"I did a little bit of modeling in California," Carol said. "There are some 'adult' pictures too. Maybe I'll show them to you some other time."
I felt like I was bordering on overstaying my welcome. I invented a commitment, thanked Carol, got dressed, and started to leave.
Carol followed me onto the front porch, still nude although it was a cool morning. I assume that is why her nipples were hard. Carol said, "Part of what I love about this place is that no one can see me here so I can be nude outside without anyone calling the cops." Carol gave me a brief hug and a peck on the cheek. "Thanks for coming Harry. Please stay in touch."
I left excited at having been hugged by a gorgeous nude woman. That didn't happen very often in my life. I was definitely going to stay in touch. I let the rest of Saturday and Sunday pass to keep from seeming too eager. I called Carol on Monday and asked if she was free that Friday.
"Yeah, I guess so," Carol said. "What did you have in mind?"
"I'd like to buy you dinner as thanks for your hospitality Friday," I said.
"Well, I'll be Downtown most of the day Friday for business meetings. Would you like to meet around 5:30?"
We agreed on a place to meet. I got on the phone and made a reservation at a very upscale restaurant on a hill just above Downtown. Along with great food, it featured a panoramic view of the city.
Even dressed in her business clothes, Carol looked incredibly beautiful. That Friday evening I told her "We've got a short drive." I walked her to my car, drove up the hill, and pulled into the restaurant's valet parking.
"Urban Overlook?" Carol said, giving the name of the restaurant. "If you're trying to impress me, it's working."
We had a pleasant, albeit expensive, meal at a table next to one of the huge picture windows. Carol explained to be about her online marketing consulting business. I told her a bit about my law practice.
I drove Carol back Downtown to the garage where she had out her car. Before she left my car, Carol put a hand on my arm. "Thank you. Thank you very much Harry. I think I'm going to have a few people over again next Friday. I'm trying to reconnect I guess. I'll probably invite Tom and Terry again, Mike and Stephanie. Do you remember Kim Hewlit?"
I nodded. Kim Hewlit had been considered one of the great beauties of our high school.
"I ran into her this week. She's already married and divorced. She kept her married name, Ginnochi. I'll invite her. She's gotten a bit, well, you'll see. You will come, won't you?"
"Of course," I said.
I was at Carol's the following Friday. The weather had cooled so that it was more like October. Mike and Stephanie had another commitment, so it was just Terry and Tom, Kim Ginnochi, Carol, and me. What Carol had refrained from telling me in the car a week ago was that Kim had put on significant weight.
We ate another of Carol's wonderful meals. As we were sitting having wine after dinner, Terry told Kim, "Be careful. This is when Carol invites you to take a nude dip in her hot tub." Terry reached into her purse and pulled out a cloth object. "I brought a suit this time."
Kim was not shocked as I think Terry had hoped. "I'm envious that you have the privacy to do that," Kim said to Carol. "I've got houses fifteen feet away from me."
"You're welcome to use the tub if you want to," Carol said.
"Really?" Kim asked. "And you're ok if I go naked?"
Carol nodded. "I always do, and Harry seems ok with it."
"Oh great!" Kim replied.
Terry and Tom made their obligatory separate trips to the bathroom to change. Carol, Kim, and I just stripped off. I couldn't resist taking a look at Kim in the nude. While I wouldn't call her fat, she was chubby. She was still a nice person though. Carol caught me looking at Kim and gave me a wink.
Once in the tub, we went through the same act as before with me getting out playing waiter, except it was mainly Terry asking this time. On my fourth or fifth trip between the kitchen and the tub, Kim said "Harry, I'm impressed that you seem perfectly at ease walking around naked. Have you been going nude since that streak you did in high school?"
Before I could think up an answer, Carol said, "Yes, he does seem very self-confident with nothing on. I admire that too." That saved me from answering Kim's question.
During our conversation that night, it came out that Carol's parents had also passed away. Her older brother Rick was in Miami selling time shares, "Probably fraudulent as hell" Carol opined.
Finally, Terry asked, "Carol, Harry, if you don't have any family around, what are you doing for Thanksgiving?"
"Probably watching football," I answered.
"Sitting on my hilltop with a glass of wine and a book," Carol said.
"I'm fixing Thanksgiving Dinner," Terry said. "My parents will be there and my little sister, Sherri, is coming in from Pittsburgh. Do you two want to come? Kim, you're welcome too."
"I'm going to see my parents in Florida," Kim said.
Carol looked at me. I shrugged. Carol said, "I'd love to if Harry will go too."
"Of course I'll go," I said.
Everyone left, leaving Carol and me alone, together, naked. Carol invited me to stay in the guest room again. I declined. Carol gave me a slightly dirty look.
"Carol, after seeing Kim Hewlit naked, I'm afraid of the dreams I might have and I wouldn't want to mess up your sheets," I joked.
Carol looked at me silently for a long time. Finally, she said, "Harry, Josh dumping me really messed me up. I need to decide where I'm going. You've been a dear so far. Just give me time."
The suggestion that Carol might, at least, consider a relationship made me much happier than I had expected. I knew that I would have to be very careful. I was glad that I had decided against staying the night.
I saw Carol again several times, platonically, before I picked her up to go to Terry's Thanksgiving Dinner. I had never met Terry's parents, who seemed to be nice old people.
Terry's sister Sherri, a year younger, had also been a cheerleader in high school. All I really remembered about her was that she had had a tremendous-looking ass in her cheerleading tights. Sherri had brought her "partner" Leann.
The conversation was typical Thanksgiving Dinner stuff. At one point, Sherri said, "Carol and Harry, you two make a great couple. I'm glad to see a few people from school hooking up."
I started to correct the record and make clear that Carol and I were just friends. Carol put her hand on my arm and gave a quick shake of her head. We let the assertion that Carol and I were a couple stand.
Terry and Sherri's parents let soon after dinner. Once they were gone, Terry told Sherri, "Carol has had Tom and me and Harry over to her home. She has a wonderful place on a hill above Turkey Run. It is so private that she goes naked when she uses her hot tub."
Sherri laughed, "So, did you go naked in Carol's hot tub?"
Seemingly offended at the question, Terry shot back "Of course not. Harry did though."
Sherri responded, "Oh. I thought that you might have loosened up a bit."
Sherri's partner Leann interjected, "We go to nude swims in Pittsburgh. We have a lot of fun," she said with emphasis on "fun." "Of course, those are all women." I think that truly did shock Terry. I had assumed that Terry already knew that her sister was lesbian. Maybe not.
It was a week later that Carol called me. "Harry, on Thanksgiving, when Leann talked about going to nude swims, it got me thinking. I did a little online research. There's a group called 'Valley Naturists' that is having a nude swim at an indoor pool north of town this Saturday night. The group belongs to AANR so I doubt that they're kinky or anything. I'd really like to go, but I don't want to go alone. Will you come with me?"
Being invited to a nude swim by the most beautiful woman I have ever met could induce only one response. "What time do you want me to pick you up?" I asked.
When I picked Carol up that Saturday, she had me load a foil-covered trey of lasagna into the car. "They only charge ten dollars per person to cover rental of the pool," Carol said, "but they encourage people to bring food."
As we drove north on the freeway, Carol said, "Harry, I really appreciate you doing this. I want to get back to the nudist part of my life, but it is very difficult for a woman alone. Too many people get the wrong idea. There is no one else around here that I could ask to go with me."
I thought for a moment about what I should say, if anything. I finally decided to take a bit of risk. "Carol," I replied, "I'm more than happy to do anything with you. If it involves us taking our clothes off, that just makes it better."
I could feel Carol looking at me. After a long silence, she said, "You really mean that, don't you?"
"I do," I replied.
The swim was at a dive school next to a strip center. I carried the trey of lasagna in and handed it off to a middle-aged man with a towel around his waist. We had left our wallets and watches locked in the car, but I had a twenty in my pocket to pay the admission. Carol stopped me as I started to pull it out. "My treat," she said.
We went into the women's changing room, stripped off our clothes, grabbed towels, and walked through a door marked "pool." It was warm and moist in the pool area. There were, maybe, twenty-five people there, all nude. Most of the people appeared to be fifteen to twenty years older than Carol and me, although there was one couple about our age. A heavyset woman came up and introduced herself.
"I'm Maggie," the woman said. "I'm the one you talked to on the phone," she said to Carol. To me, she said, "Harry, we're happy that you and your wife decided to join us. Let me introduce you around."
As we followed Maggie's ample butt around the pool, I looked at Carol and silently mouthed the word "wife." Carol just winked at me.
The people at the swim were all very nice. I did notice that all of the men, and a few of the women, spent a lot of time looking at Carol. I can't blame them. I spent a lot of time looking at her too.
The swim lasted a couple of hours. We played water volleyball, swam some laps, ate some food and drank sodas (no alcohol was allowed), and Carol gathered information on clothing optional activities in our area. It was a surprisingly good time.
In the car driving home, I asked Carol "What was that about you being my wife?"
Carol laughed. "Unless you are a member, they only allow married couples to come to their swims. I lied and told her that we were married."
When I dropped Carol off at her house, she held both of my hands in hers. She kissed me, but said, "Harry, I'm not quite ready yet. But, you passed that test. You have spent time in social nudity, haven't you?"
I confessed that I had really enjoyed my streak in high school, but had stayed away from anything involving nudity for the rest of high school to placate my parents, who had been really pissed by my streak. I got interested again in college and law school and had been to a few resorts and beaches.
"The problem," I said, "was that the girls I knew either would not try nude recreation at all or kept their clothes on, which was uncomfortable for everyone."
"I'm not those girls Harry," Carol said. "Just give me time."
We went out to dinner several more times and, when we had our obligatory pre-Christmas snowstorm, I was over at Carol's helping her clear her driveway as soon as I had my own cleared.
Since neither of us had family, neither of us had Holiday obligations. Naturally, I wanted to spend as much of the Holiday as possible with Carol. When I brought the subject up, Carol said that she wanted to spend Christmas Eve by herself. Of course, I acquiesced. I invited Carol to my house for Christmas dinner. I was thrilled that she accepted. Being alone on Christmas Eve was a blessing because it gave me time to get the house ready for her visit and to prep the dinner. In the event, I even put up a Christmas tree.
Carol arrived at my house around 2:00 p.m. Christmas afternoon. I had been working like madman to get a rib roast in the oven and to fix the sides. It was typical Christmas weather. The snow from days before had melted. It was overcast and about 40 degrees.
Carol parked her car and got out, wearing an overcoat. As I met her in on the driveway, she was looking around. "I remember this place from those parties you had here when we were in school. It hasn't changed that much."
"I've done a few things to the house," I replied. I led Carol inside and took her coat. Underneath, she was wearing a long purple dress with gold trim and a high collar. The dress clung to her alluring figure. She looked exquisite and I told her so. I had the house warm in case she wanted to go nude, but she didn't say anything about that.
We had some wine, talked, and laughed. Around 4:30, I served dinner which, thankfully, turned out very well. Carol helped me clean up, and thanked me repeatedly for the dinner. After we were done, I took Carol into the front room and seated her on the sofa in front of my new Christmas tree. I left the room to get her present, which I handed to her when I walked back in. It was a framed photograph that a friend had taken on the nearby major river at early morning. The first rays of the dawn were catching the mist rising from the river. It was, I thought, a beautiful picture. I hoped that Carol thought the same.
Carol looked at the picture for several minutes. "Thank you very much Harry," she said. Carol took a deep breath. "If you don't mind," she said, "I'm going to unwrap your present for you." Carol stood up. She pulled down a zipper which I had not even noticed on the front of her dress and shrugged the dress off. She was naked underneath except for a red ribbon around her neck. "Here's your present, Harry. I hope that you will take it in every way possible and keep it for a long time."
Even though I had seen Carol nude many times by then, I was speechless at what her words implied. After a moment, she smiled and said, "Stand up." I did. "You're way overdressed Harry." Carol stepped next to me and pulled my shirt over my head. She ran her hands over my chest and the reached down and undid my belt. She unzipped my trousers and pushed them to the floor along with my shorts. I had only worn sandals on my feet, so I easily stepped out of everything.
Carol hugged me tight. Her body felt warm and wonderful. We kissed. Carol's tongue probed into my mouth. Her left hand left my hip and went down between our groins. As we continued with our tongues, I felt Carol cup my balls and then start stroking my dick. I moved my right hand between Carol's legs. She took a slight sidestep to give me better access. I gently ran my finger over her lower lips a few times before I moved to her clit. She took a sharp breath as I began fingering her clit. Her grasp on my dick tightened as she moved her hand up and down my shaft.
After several minutes of kissing and fondling each other, Carol took a step back. "Right here, right now," she said. She got on the carpet on her back with her legs spread. I got down on the floor between her legs and moved myself over her. With both hands, Carol guided my dick into her vagina. Carol was wet, warm, and tight. I began thrusting.
"Slowly," Carol said, "Let's make this last." I continued to thrust into her, slowly but deeply. Carol tightened then relaxed her pelvic muscles. I began kissing her nipple.
I proceeded slowly and rhythmically. After a time, Carol put her hands on my head and guided it up, away from her breasts, until we were looking eye-to-eye. I've never seen anything as beautiful as Carol's face in that moment.
Carol stared into my eyes for a long time. Finally, she said softly, "This feels so right."
I kept fucking Carol with slow, deep thrusts for what seemed like a half an hour or more. I was thoroughly enjoying myself and her, and was in no hurry at all to end our tryst. Suddenly, Carol said "Make me come. Now!"
I began thrusting harder and faster. I thought that I had found a particularly sensitive spot in the front wall of her vagina just above her bone. I rammed my dick against that spot as much as I could. Carol began bucking her hips slightly and clamped her muscles so tight on my dick that I was working very hard to keep thrusting. I didn't know what I was doing for her, but she was doing a great job of getting me close to shooting.
I pushed my dick hard against another spot inside Carol. "Yes," she said, "stay right there." I kept trying to hit the same spot, and mostly did. I was getting damned close to coming myself.
I had been watching Carol's face because I believe that a woman never look more beautiful that when she's having an orgasm. Carol's eyes had been closed. She opened them, smiled, and said, "Come . . . in . . . ME!" The last word was a shriek as she convulsed. Just a moment later, I did come in Carol, hard. I kept thrusting though, still aiming for that same spot. Carol yelled "AGAIN!" and convulsed again. I hoped that meant I had induced at least one orgasm.
Carol relaxed and I basically stopped. Carol put her arms around my back. "Don't pull out," she said. "I like having you in me." We lay like that, kissing, in front of my Christmas tree, for quite a while.
Finally, Carol pushed her hands gently against my chest. "I need to get up," she said. I rolled off of her and she stood up. Carol's face was still flushed and her skin was sweaty. She looked fantastic!
As I stood up, Carol said, "I have another gift for you." She walked over to the large bag she had brought in. She spread her legs as she bent down and pulled something out. I could see a bit of my come dripping out of her.
Carol straightened and turned to face me. In her hand was a wrapped package. She handed it to me. "Merry Christmas Harry," Carol said.
"Nothing can top the gift you've already given me," I said.
Carol shook her head. "Open it," she said, "it might change your mind about keeping your other gift."
I sat down on the sofa and unwrapped the package. Carol sat down next to me, our bare hips touching. Carol had also given me a picture. It was a picture of her. In the picture, both of her arms were extended out from her shoulders. There were ropes tied to her arms that ran up, out of the picture, and appeared to be holding her suspended in air. Her legs were spread, held in that position by a rope tied to each ankle. Those ropes were taut, running to points out of the picture to Carol's left and right. Carol was basically spread-eagled in the picture. She was also completely nude. At the bottom of the picture, I could see the heads and shoulders of several clothed people looking up at her.
"I told you that I had posed for some adult pictures," Carol said. "That was actually something that I agreed to do for a party some friends hosted in San Francisco. I was suspended like that above their guests for a couple of hours. I guess everyone got a good look."
It was an incredibly sexy picture and Carol looked extremely beautiful. When I didn't say anything immediately, Carol asked "Well, what do you think?"
"I am trying to think if there is a way that we could do something like that together," I said.
"You'd expose yourself like that?" Carol asked.
"If I could do it with you, certainly I would. It looks like a lot of fun," I replied.
"So, that doesn't change your mind about keeping your main Christmas gift," Carol asked.
"It just makes me want to keep her forever," I said.
Carol laughed. "Be careful what you wish for Harry, but she's yours if you want her."
"Carol, I want you more than ever after seeing that. I want the two of us to be doing things like that together when we're both old and wrinkled."
"No one will look at us then," Carol said giggling.
"We'll find someone," I replied.
Carol stood up and extended her hand. "Where is your bedroom? I want to fuck you again."
Not only was that the best Christmas of my life, it started my relationship with the greatest woman alive; a relationship that is still going strong and kinky. To think that I had also gone to high school with Carol.