OK, I know it's not the most original name for a story and may even be the most over used and underwhelming when you finish stories with this title... however, this happened to me some years back when I was stationed in England. If you follow my stories at all you'll know my background, if you don't... it probably doesn't matter.
Our marriage wasn't doing so well and since Denise (my wife) went to church every Sunday and me, any Sunday I wasn't working, we got to know the Chaplain and his wife pretty well and wound up talking to them about "marital issues."
The base Chaplain (Dan) and his wife (Roxana) were what I'd call your typical preacher/wife couple doing all the things you'd expect them to do. Bake sales, home visits, faith based counseling, essentially busy bodies who were every where doing everything, and she had a habit of sticking her tongue out at anyone with a camera. Dan doesn't really matter to this story, however the same cannot be said for Roxana which is why I need to describe her in some detail.
Roxy was a cross between Ellen DeGeneres' outgoing fun character and Bernadette's (from The Big Bang Theory) sweetness, outward conservativeness, and seeming innocence and naivete. She was the daughter of a Baptist minister from the South somewhere, one of the Carolina's if memory serves me well. She told the story of how she introduced Dan to her father all the time, it didn't go well. She was not exceptionally beautiful MILF, petite, barely 5 feet tall with a decent figure, 105ish lbs, blonde hair cut like Ellen's but a bit longer which allowed a curl around the sides, she was not ugly but rather plain in the face and always had a smile on. Her wardrobe was seemingly a single type of clothing, a knee length button up floral print dress with short sleeves. That was the only thing I ever saw her wear. When we were at social events with them there was something about her that kept drawing my eyes to her. I suppose it's what people call "chemistry" or other people call "obsession".
We, as couples, were great friends, and we baby sat their three kids (10, 6, and 3) when they had to go off for some reason. It was on our first baby sitting stint that I began see Roxy differently, and it was all because of her son. Her oldest was a talkative little bugger. One day we were at their home baby sitting and my wife had the 2 tiny ones up stairs trying to get them to nap. The 10 year old and I were on the couch watching tv. Completely out of the blue he looks at me and says, "I've seen my mommy naked." I'll skip the conversation but it wasn't Mommy getting out of the shower type of naked. It seems just before they left for this trip he'd heard noises coming from their room and looked in to see Roxy and Dan bumping ugly. She it seems was sitting on him and having the time of her life getting pretty vocal about enjoying herself. I was surprised at the detail the little man added but listened intently.
After listening to this little voyeur and reassuring him that it was something married people did... I let my voyeur nose loose the first opportunity I had to rifle carefully through Roxy's chest of drawers. Full of very conservative undies. Nothing risque at all, I was hoping for a vibrator if she was that hot to trot.
I tried to envision Roxy getting crazy on a cock but it seemed so alien that I couldn't see it in her. But oh my how it got my mind going. That night my wife and I fucked for the first time in a couple months and she commented later how aroused I seemed to be. I chalked it up to not getting any for a while.
Now I had Roxy on the brain and had to think of a way to placate the voyeur in me. Then I remembered the radio. Several years earlier I'd purchased a radio with a hidden motion activated camera with a 64gb micro-SD chip so I could catch one of my wife's friends in the bathroom when they stayed with us A different successful voyeur story, damn she had a great body. Anyway, I digress...
I still had the thing packed away in our house hold goods some where. It took several hours one day but I finally found it. The next time we babysat was a few weeks later. I placed the radio in the master bathroom since we slept in their bed when they were gone and I could explain a new radio of asked. Denise asked me what I was doing and I told her I wanted to listen to BBC1 while getting ready. Dan and Roxy got home and when we left I "accidentally forgot" to get it from the bathroom.
A few days later I asked Dan if I'd left the radio there and he said I did. He said he'd noticed it and he'd put it on my desk the next day. Sure enough it was on my desk the next day.
I closed my office door, turned the radio over, took the batteries out and opened the little cover, and pulled out the micro-card. I popped it into my lap top and was gratified to see the card was full with around 45 captures. As I went through them I saw Denise and I when we were there... and then Roxy and Dan. Sequencing down the list of files I saw both of them going to the restroom, a flash of buttock as she sat down, but nothing very interesting... then I saw a capture that found Dan looking at the radio, it moved around and went off. "Shit" I thought, he moved it. But there were a lot more captures? The next file was of clothes, it took me a few seconds to realize it was pointed at the master bedroom closet. I was dejected and thought that was that but the next capture showed the closet doors closed, I had forgotten they were both mirrors. The picture was a decent view of most of the master bedroom to include her dressing table and the bed.
The captures showed them unpacking then putting stuff back into the closet and then finally of something interesting, they were putting on pajamas (yes, pajamas). I didn't care about Dan but there was Roxy. As she talked to Dan and one of the kids bounced on the bed she unbuttoned her dress and stepped out of it, folding it over the dressing table chair. She was in a Mom bra and boy short panties. She had a fuller figure than her dress revealed. She slipped on long pajama bottoms and then I was rewarded with her pulling down the straps of her bra, turning it around just under her tits, as the cups rotated her tits popped out and then she unhooked the bra and lay it over her dress.
Roxy had pretty nice tits. Not huge for her size but larger and fuller than I thought she had, damned Mom bra. They were larger than my wife's and Denise was a lot taller than Roxy. Her aerola were nice and pink with almost no nipples sticking out. "Must have bottle fed" I thought to myself. Then she put on her her top, walked out of view, and the capture stopped.
The next two captures were of them coming and going... then I hit gold.
The camera came on as Dan came into view and sat down on the bed facing away from the camera, you could hear them and they talked about how lucky they were to get the kids into bed early. A few seconds later Roxy walked into view and stopped in front of Dan. He put his arms around her waste and she leaned down to kiss him. As they kissed he slipped his hands up under her pajama top to hold her back. They kissed for a few minutes and then Dan leaned back on the bed. He kept his hands on her back and Roxy maintained the kiss as he pulled her on top of him. She crawled onto the bed to get her knees next to his waist.
They lay like this for a while just making out, then Roxy sat up and he moved his hands around to the front to her tits. He fondled them under her pajama top as she looked down at him. Pretty soon she began to move her hips back and forth over his cock.
"Damn" I wondered "do they fuck fully clothed"? Lucky for me, no.
She leaned forward and put her hands on Dan's shoulders, he unbuttoned her pajama top and opened it up so he had free access to her tits. He played with them and suck on her nipples. She started very quiet but soon I could hear her saying little encouragements, "ya", "like that", etc... Roxy had moved beyond rocking on his cock to grinding her pussy against him and Dan moved his hands to her hips.
Most of the time she was looking down at him but once she raised up, grasped her own tits, and faced directly at the closet. She was the picture of lust and I got a great still from it. She is pinching her nipples, her head is back, eyes closed, and either biting on her lower lip or has it sucked into her mouth.
Roxy climbed off of him and the bed and leaned forward to grab his pajama bottoms, slipping them off. Dan wasn't porn star material. His cock seemed short and kinda thin. "Poor guy" I thought, then added "shit, poor Roxy, she hasn't had a decent sized cock to play with.. Hell, if it weren't for pushing out babies she'd still practically be a virgin."
We knew them well enough to know that although Dan had had a couple girfriends in college, Roxy was a virgin when they married and she had only been with him. Knowing her the way I did, I believed her.
Roxy then slipped her own pajama bottoms and panties down and stepped out of them. "We have BUSH!" I thought, and a thick one at that. She needed a weed wacker down there. She leaned forward and I thought she was going to suck his dick but instead she kissed his belly and crawled back on top of him. He was still at the edge of the bed, feet probably on the floor and he reached up for her tits again. Roxy leaned forward so he could suck her tits again and she reached between her legs to position his cock. I couldn't actually see it go in because her ass was pointed away from me but she settled down and started to grind again.
I had to only be 30 seconds or so and Dan squeezed her tits and said, "ya, ya". Roxy said, "not yet, not yet" and stopped her grinding. She remained still for a few seconds before ass lifted her up off the bed a bit as he groaned and gripped her hips. She squeezed her eyes shut and started to grind against him again kind of frantically.
It was a typical married couple story, be cums, she's left wanting more.
Then she did something that at least I know Denise never did... until I saw this.
Roxy slipped up on to his belly and fed him her tits for a bit. My experience with a wife who has a pussy full of cum is that she wants to run to the bathroom to clean up so as not to soil the sheets or floor. There's that cleaning gene she has. She doesn't want to let it fall out and then smear it all over their husband's belly. However, the next time Denise and I fucked I had her do it. She thought it was pretty naughty but then again Denise licked the cum off me so there as that part.
Roxy climbed off of him and he got up and walked out of view but I heard the shower come on. Then Roxy walked to the dressing table, which was a lot closer to the camera, and got a hand towel out of one of the drawers. She put one foot up onto the dressing table chair and wiped her pussy off. The lights from the around mirror lit her very well and it was by far the best view of Roxy completely naked. I could see her from the knees up and for just a moment as she moved and cleaned, her pussy lips. She had hangers.
"God I'd love to suck on those" I thought to myself. Then she gathered up her panties and pajamas, put them on, and slipped into bed. She covered herself up, picked up a book next from her end table, and brought her knees up. She lay reading for a bit and her knees spread a few inches. As fate would have it, just as she slipped her right hand under the covers, the camera cut off due to a lack of movement.
I don't know if she was about to finish what Dan had started but when the next capture was some time later when Dan walked back into the room. Her knees were down and she was leaning toward the camera curled up to sleep. Dan got into bed and shortly after the recording ended. There were a few more captures of her getting dressed and topless but nothing to compare to them fucking. I kept a few select videos and I've even posted a few highly camoflaged stills on my favorite internet voyeur site.
I wasn't very disappointed to see that they didn't engage in oral or anal sex. In fact it was a certain they wouldn't given what we knew of them. But then again there was always hope. Seeing Roxy in all her glory made my decade. We stayed friends for a few more years until they were transferred. I flirted with Roxy a few times to see how she reacted but she was flat and just laughed at me.. damn it all.