I was in for quite a long day, but settled on slipping a black lacy thong on. I would be seeing my man later and wanted to give him a full day of pussy. He loves to smell my panties and the longer I wear them, the better.
There was no question he would send me something erotic at some point that day. Porn, a fantasy, a picture of his cock. Something would come my way that would get me going, making those panties wet and full of my scent.
My team just started heading back to the office a couple of times a month and today was one of my days to go in. There is this really delicious twenty something that gets me going. I find I dress a little extra when I know he's going to be there. He's got great eyes, strong build, and has a real sexual energy about him. My man always encourages me to make a move. He wants to watch this young buck bend me over a desk, gripping my throat, with my skirt up around my waist and panties pulled to the side. The office space is open concept, which adds a really fucking hot element to the whole idea of it.
I'm all aroused thinking of this fantasy, rushing around to get dressed and gather my things for my rendezvous later on. I decide on a short black and white tweed skirt, with a black ribbed three quarter sleeved top. The skirt is just long enough to be "office appropriate" and the top hugs me right. The square neck plus the black lace bra I'm wearing sets off my tits nicely. I doll up my hair and face, add a gold watch and hoops, and a pair of black heels. I take a peek in the mirror, reaching my hand up my skirt. My panties are already a little damp. Perfect.
Once I get to the office, I pick a workstation close to the window, kind of tucked away so I can get a little privacy. Working in an open setting is great, but it can be a little distracting when you're used to working in your own space. I spot my little work crush, if you want to call him that. I just want to fuck him, nothing else. He's looking so good in a light pink dress shirt and grey slacks. Kid's got style and thoughts of running my hands up that shirt while I unzip his pants and get on my knees flash before my eyes. I want to gag on his cock, coating it in my spit, taking it all the way down my throat.
I message my man and tell him he's got a real wet pussy to look forward to, detailing a bit of my fantasy that I'm working through. Then I get on with my workday. I want to bang out my reports and get immersed in my tasks so that the day flies. I need him to play with me and distracting myself with work will make it feel like it's going to happen a hell of a lot quicker.
A little while later I check my phone and see he's replied with a couple of office themed porn vids, one is a gangbang and another is just a boss and employee scenario that turns into a threesome with another female assistant. Both women are wearing glasses, very similar to the style I wear. I put my phone on mute, start the gangbang vid and drop it in my lap. This way I can keep working and take glances here and there.
Being sneaky like this really turns me on, and before I know it, I'm dying for a break. Between my legs is throbbing and I keep squeezing my thighs together. I want to rub and tease myself to the point of cumming, so I decide I need to walk it off a bit. It's a beautiful day and looking a little sunkissed later on will make me feel sexy.
I grab lunch and head down to my favourite park. There are plenty of spots to sit, and the people watching is where it's at during lunch. I'm lucky enough to snag my usual bench and settle in. Today we've got some men perched up for a day of drinking, a middle aged female bootcamp, and a man and a woman trying to keep it casual. They're having a hard time keeping their hands off of one another. She's wearing a skirt and the idea of him sliding his hand up and giving her an ever so slight brush with his fingertips gets me going.
Once I finish eating, I still have a little time before I need to head back to the office, so I decide to snap a photo or two. My skirt is short enough while I sit and I'll be able to adjust the hem ever so slightly to show off my panties. I cross my right leg over my left, pull at my skirt and lean back a bit into the bench. I take a pic of my right hand resting on my thick thighs with a small black lace triangle visible between them. I wish the glisten of my pussy would pick up on the camera.
I go to our messages, but before I send this, I decide to take one more. He's going to ask for one with my legs spread, I just know it. He will be loving the idea of someone either seeing up my skirt or witnessing me take the pic for him.
I uncross my legs and spread them every so slightly apart. Enough that anyone looking over is going to get a bit of an eyeful. But not enough that I look like I'm sprawling all over the park bench. I may be a slut, but I like to be somewhat discrete. I angle the phone between my knees and click click!
First one sent. I close my eyes and take in some rays while I wait for a reply. It doesn't take long. He gives the image a heart reaction and I can see him typing ... and up pops the message asking for one with my legs spread. I don't make him wait, sending it off immediately. He goes wild via text, telling me what a good slut I am and how he cannot wait to put his face between my legs, pulling the lace to the side and giving my clit a real wet kiss. We chit chat a little more while I head back to work.
The rest of my afternoon is pretty low-key. My office heartthrob left for the day and I'm just looking to wrap this stuff up so I can be that much closer to getting plowed. I set a timer so I know I have a screen break coming and get to work finishing up the reports and sending off a few emails.
My alarm dings just as I finish up, I turn it off and spin my chair to face the window. We have the fourth floor of a building on a very busy corner, and I like to watch the hustle bustle below. For the most part, people are head's down, on their phones, weaving around the sidewalk. But every so often, someone glances up. This gives me a naughty idea.
I scooch forward on the chair slightly and let my skirt ride up as I do, spreading my legs just slightly. Once I am confident my panties are visible, I sit and wait, watching the people down below. I look down and can see some dampness. Being so inappropriate in the workplace has me very hot and bothered. I grab my phone and take a video, first spanning the windowscape and all the people walking by, then I position it to show my bare legs and nearly all of my lace covered pussy. I ever so slightly run my fingertip up my thigh and pull at the edge of my panties, end the video and then hit send.
Just then, I cannot believe my luck! From across the street, a man looks up. He sees me and stops dead in his tracks. We lock eyes and he mouths "wow". He's a fucking stunner and is giving me a good stare down. I can feel my face and chest flush, and my legs are getting wet because I've just had a gush of juices from being so turned on. My hand is drawing small circles on my thigh and he puts his hand in his pocket, clearly to adjust himself. The eye contact is intense and really revving me up, and he's so tuned out of what is happening around him that he nearly gets taken down by a bike courier. This interrupts the moment, he gives me a nod and a smile before he continues on his journey. I watch him as he walks away, taking in his physique and the confidence in his stride. He turns around just once and smiles when he sees I am still sitting in the same position, watching him.
I text my guy and tell him he will never believe what just happened! He will be so turned on while I suck him hard and slow and recount the events. I decide it's time to pack up my day, so I pull my skirt down, grab my things and say goodbye to my team.
I go into the ladies, pop into the stall and begin digging around in my bag. I really should have organized myself better but I was keen to get out of that office. Between chargers, my laptop, notepads, pens, my fingers finally land on the small silky black bag I am searching for. I grip onto it, lift my skirt and pull my panties down to my thighs. In the little bag, there's a bottle of lube that I pull out and drizzle all over my fingers. I rub my fingers together for a few seconds and then bend over and spread my legs as far as my panties will allow. With my other hand I pull at my ass and slip my lubed up fingers all along the sweet crevice between my cheeks, focusing specifically on my asshole. Once I feel I'm really slippery, I grab my anal plug and lube it up, too. Hinging at my hips, I bend over and tease the plug along my ass crack, circling my hole and slowly push it in. I adore the moment of penetration: my pussy getting that first stretch and gripping a cock, my ass giving in.
My car isn't a long walk, but I take my time. I love the feeling of my plug moving ever so slightly inside me. I can feel my asshole loosening up a little and my pussy getting wetter. My man is going to go absolutely wild when he gets his nose on them.
Before long, I'm in my car and en route for my cum filled evening. While stopped at a traffic light, I begin undoing my bra so that I can release my tits while I drive. He loves it when I'm braless, confident, with my sensitive nipples peeping through my top. I hope someone sees what I'm doing and gets turned on but I keep my eyes on the road. I slip my finger on my tits for a couple of rubs, while grinding my ass against my seat to push at my plug.
I arrive in no time, grab my things and walk in. He comes out of the bedroom, completely naked, slowly stroking his cock. I see his laptop propped up and he's got the office assistant porn he sent me earlier going. I put my things down, walk over to him and kiss him deeply. I replace his hand with mine and start trailing my nails up and down his shaft. He closes his eyes and I nuzzle on his neck ever so slightly. I feel his fingers gripping at my waist, then he moves his hands up over my nipples to my shoulders and pushes me down to my knees.
Now I've got a thick, rock hard dick in my face. I take it in my hand and ever so slightly rub the tip along my lips. He takes it out of my hands and starts putting it all over my face: trailing along my cheeks, the bridge of my nose, on my glasses. I love it when he takes control and uses me how he pleases.
This continues until he knows I'm dying for it in my mouth. My eyes are pleading, so he tells me to open it and slowly forces himself down my throat. I want to start sucking but his hand is gripping the back of my head and I know this is how he wants it for now.
To my surprise, after a few moments of this, he tells me to get up and leads me over to the coffee table. I thought I would have been sucking him off for a good while but here I am, with my palms resting on the table, anticipating the next move. He pulls my skirt up so I am exposed and tells me to stay just like this and leaves the room. It feels like a fucking eternity! I can hear him moving around and it feels like he's just maybe watching me, but I wait like the good girl that I am.
When he returns, he gets on his knees and starts kissing up my right calf, nuzzles in behind my knee and continues up the back of my thigh. He alternates between kisses, slight licks and bites and when he gets to that sweet spot where my ass and legs meet, I get weak in the knees. This reaction was so obvious that he grips my ass with both hands to hold me up. He continues along my ass and hovers over my pussy, breathing hot and heavy for a few breaths but then moves long to my left ass cheek and makes his way back down.
At this moment, I remember that I have the plug in my ass! I can't believe he hasn't noticed! The thong must be placed perfectly, I want to tell him so badly but we've made it this far and the anticipation is driving me wild.
He's running his fingers up and down the back of my thighs as he kisses and nibbles his way back and forth between them. Slowly, he begins inching his fingertips closer to my ass, stroking my skin lightly. Once he reaches my cheeks, he pushes my skirt up to my hips and grabs one in each hand and pulls them apart. While he does this, he brings his face in closer and inhales my pussy. He uses his left hand to start caressing the edge of my thong, gently slipping his finger just slightly underneath. I want to grind into him with all my being, but I know better, I'll let him tease me.
He's started kissing my pussy through the lace, telling me how incredible I smell and asks me to detail what happened in the window earlier. As I begin to recount the events, he slips his tongue just under my panties and finally tugs at my thong to pull it to the side.
"Oh you fucking little slut!" He's seen the plug! This really gets him going, and my pussy is being lapped at with intensity while he pushes at the plug with his index and middle finger. I'm losing myself in the sex fog but he brings me back and tells me to keep telling him about the man at the window. I feel him stand up and slip these fingers into the intense wetness between my legs, which makes me gasp and feel like I've lost all words. I know he'll stop if I stop talking so I struggle through.
Fingering me perfectly, he's teasing my g spot while also stretching me out just right. Probing me, pulling his fingers out and teasing my clit and then going back deep inside. I can feel a very strong orgasm building inside while he taps his rock hard cock against my ass. It bounces just right, which turns him on even more. He reaches around and grabs my throat with just enough force to pull my head back slightly so my back is arched.
I think about how hot it would be to be watching us and wish there was a mirror nearby. Him, totally naked, his cock wet with pre-cum. Me, bent over the coffee table, still fully dressed aside from my skirt. Envisioning this, while also experiencing it, almost sets me over the edge. My breathing is getting heavy but I manage to ask his permission to cum. He acts like he doesn't hear me and makes me say it at least two or three more times before he says yes.
Thank god he did in that moment because I could not hold off any longer. In this position, with those fingers, I feel like the cum is shooting out of me. I can't stop moaning, my hips are bucking. I had a lot of build up throughout the day and it feels amazing to have a release. It's oozing down my legs and I'd put money on the fact that some of my cum sprayed on his naked thighs
He slows his fingering pace as I'm quietening down and gently pulls out of me, rearranging the lace to cover my holes. My knees are weak but I need more. I always want more.
Looking over my shoulder, I can see he's already on the couch, with his cock in his hand, watching me with a smirk on his face. At this point in the day, I've had enough of wearing clothes. I pull my skirt down over my hips, reach around back and undo the zipper, wiggling it off of my body. With hips and an ass like mine, most clothes don't just drop to the floor. Next I take my top off and once the air hits my nipples, they are rock hard. Wearing only my black thong and tits looking amazing, I feel so incredibly sexy. Before I do anything else, I pull my hair back and tie it up in a high ponytail.
I walk to the couch and stand in front of him, bringing my right foot and placing it on the couch beside his left thigh. Running my hands over my body, paying close attention to my tits and slowly making my way to my panties. Grabbing the waist band with both hands, I wedge them between my lips, so that the lace can really sop up all the juice. I pull at them for a few moments, never taking my eyes off of his. I'm huge on eye contact and he loves it. "Mmmm you dirty whore" comes out of his mouth and he nods in approval.
At this point, I am beyond ready to take his cock in my mouth and suck him until he can't take it anymore. I place my right foot back down on the floor and turn around, hinging at my hips and peeling my panties off. Bending all the way to the floor, I wiggle my ass a little and spread my legs. He's getting a full view of my pussy glistening and swollen from all the attention he gave her and the plug still in my asshole. He pulls a little at the base of the plug and then pushes it in, doing this a few times while stroking my slit with his other finger.
We're going to get carried away if he continues, so I pick the panties up and hand them to him. I want to put them to my nose so badly, but I offer them to my man first. He's been so patient and I want to be his good girl.
He balls them up in his fist and as I drop to my knees. He brings the lace to his nose, deeply inhaling. I can see his cock twitch and I gently lick from the base of his shaft to the very tip. I do this a few times while he's lost in my scent and then I take the full length of him in my mouth. The tip touches the very back of my throat and he holds my head down. This drives me crazy and he knows it. When he releases me, I gasp for air, saliva stringing from my mouth and coating him. I immediately bob down for more, hungrily slurping him up and taking his balls into my mouth.
While he's completely drenched in spit, I gently run my nails along his sack while I suck him hard. Hearing his moans and the sounds of him smelling my panties is almost more than I can bear. I feel myself leaking onto my thighs and I want to slide him inside of me so badly. But I keep worshipping him with my tongue, watching him intently.
Taking my time with him, I slow down to alternating licks and caresses with my nails. I ask him if he'll please let me see how good the lace smells and he eagerly puts it to my nose. I take it in while I suck and fondle. This combination is unbelievable. I think of the mirror again and how much he'd enjoy watching me at this moment.
I know how much he loves wrapping used panties around himself and stroking with them, so I gently take them out of his hand and weave them around his hard on. Now my panties are in a bunch, but in such a fun way! I slide them up and down his shaft for a few beats before I lower my mouth and tongue the head forcefully. I then slide him all the way in my mouth and now I can smell the crotch of my panties at the same time.
Digging the nails of my left hand into his thighs, I'm jerking him off with my right, sucking him and sniffing myself. It's all so very hot and we've had a massive amount of build up to this moment. I can feel his cock and balls start to seize up and I know what's about to happen any second.
Just when I think I can get a few more moments in, he grabs my ponytail and yanks my head up and jumps to his feet. Pulling my head back, he grabs his cock and I beg him for his cum. I plead, saying I've been such a good girl waiting all day and I need it. On my face, my glasses, in my mouth, dripping down my chin. I'm running my nails on his thighs as he's holding my head back and he begins spraying all over me. His legs are shaking and his hips are bucking. I hold what I can in my mouth, resisting the urge to swallow, moving it around with my tongue and keeping his gaze.
The eye contact plus the cum all over me gets him good and he shoots another massive load onto my chin. It immediately starts dripping and I take one hand and rub and tweak my nipple with his fresh jizz. He's still holding my ponytail, smiling down at me. I swallow and then lick him off of my fingers.
Completely spent, he sits back down on the couch and I plop on the floor and lean my back against it. He looks over and smiles at me. I tilt my head back and close my eyes, covered in cum and think about the beating my glasses take from all of our sex play.
He rests his hand on my head and says "fuck, you're such a good slut". I smile to myself and know we've got another round or two on the agenda tonight.