She had put on the clothes he gave her. It was an absurdly slutty outfit; the tight black skirt was so short it left almost half the firm round cheeks of her big ass exposed. Under the skirt she wore a tiny g-string that did not completely cover her shaved pussy. The top was sheer black Lycra that fit like a second skin. Under that she wore a white half-cup shelf bra that supported just the undersides of her big breasts and left her aureoles and thick nipples exposed, completely visible through the sheer top. Her shapely legs were encased in full-fashioned beige stockings with contrasting black back seams. The stockings were held up by a white six-strap garter belt, the garters and stocking tops exposed below the hem of the microskirt. Her clear plastic platform shoes had six-inch stiletto heels and two-inch platforms, with a couple of thin silver straps holding them on her stockinged feet. Although she was fully dressed, she was more exposed than if she were naked. Her eye make-up was heavy and dark, and she wore very long false eyelashes. Her full lips were covered in glossy, dark red indelible lipstick. She knew she looked like a cheap slut.
He took her by the wrist and led her through a door into a large bedroom. To her shock there were eight strange men standing around the room. They looked up when she came in and she felt her face flush with embarrassment at the way she was dressed.
“What the…?” she gasped, but didn’t finish her sentence.
“Just some friends I’ve invited to meet you, my dear,” he said. “I’ve told them all about you.”
“I…I don’t understand,” she gasped.
He slid his hand over her ass and fondled the bare flesh below the hem of her skirt. She wanted to pull away, to run from these men who were staring at her but she couldn’t move. He pulled up her skirt in the back so that her ass was completely exposed now. He continued to squeeze and fondle the luscious round cheeks.
“I’ve told them the many kinds of slut you are,” he said.
“What? How could you? I don’t know what you mean,” she sounded desperate. She felt her nipples starting to pucker, and knew they could all see them getting hard through the sheer blouse.
“I told them you’re a slut for cock. And you’re a pain slut. You are a pain slut, aren’t you?”
With one hand still on her ass he used the other to pinch one of her hard, erect nipples between his thumb and forefinger. She gasped and hunched forward slightly as he twisted the end of her breast.
“No! I’m not! Stop that, stop it now!” she protested. She grabbed his arm and tried to pull it away from her tortured tit, but he was too strong and she could not move his arm.
“Put your hands by your side, now!” he ordered. She obeyed, and he continued. “So answer my question; aren’t you a pain slut?”
“Yes,” she whispered softly, her resistance crumbling.
“And you’re a cum slut, too,” this was a statement, not a question. “I told them you love to suck cock and swallow cum from men whose names you don’t know.”
Her response was a pathetic whimper. He turned her around so that her naked behind was to the men. The taut straps of her garter belt cut across her ass.
“Spread your legs!” he commanded.
She slid her feet apart, shuffling them slowly to keep her balance on the platform heels.
“Bend over,” he said as he smacked her naked bottom.
She bent from the waist and put her hands on her knees. He fondled her bare ass in front of the men, then pulled the cheeks apart to reveal the moist crevice of her ass with the tiny string of her panty nestled in the crack. He pulled the wet string aside so that her asshole and weeping hairless pussy were on display.
“Look at how wet she is,” he told them. “She has a really juicy pussy. Isn’t that right, dear?”
“I can’t help it,” she whimpered. “It’s not my fault!”
“No excuses, slut, just answer!”
“Yes, sometimes my pussy gets so wet I’m afraid people will hear noises when I walk,” she confessed to the men.
Holding her ass open he ran his finger along the leaking slit, making her moan as he flicked at her twitching clit and probed her pussy hole. He spread the juice up to her asshole, rubbing the slippery little pucker as he told them,
“She’s an anal slut, too. Wait until you feel her squeezing your cock with her ass, begging for hot cum. Now get on your knees,” he ordered her.
He held her hand to help steady her as she lowered herself to her knees, her skirt around her waist. Without being told she pulled down his zipper, then reached into his fly and grasped his erection. As she pulled it into the open, he handed her a small foil packet.
“Put this on me,” he told her, “and use your mouth to do it.”
She opened the packet and withdrew a jet-black condom, which she placed in her mouth. Using her tongue she positioned the rolled-up rubber inside her mouth, then placed her lips on the end of his cock and pushed the ring onto him. Running her lips down the shaft she unrolled the sheath until his hard dick was encased in black latex.
“May I suck you now? I want your cock in my mouth,” she asked, eager to feel his hardness between her lips.
“Yes, suck my cock. Show these men what a good cocksucker you are.”
She slid the hard dick into her mouth, and he moaned as he felt her tongue flicking at the head. She sucked hard, bobbing her head and pumping the shaft as her cheeks hollowed from the suction. She was so aroused from being forced to suck his condom-covered cock while all these men watched that she felt as though her head was buzzing. As she sucked him her eyes looked up at his face from under her long lashes. Pulling her mouth off his cock with a loud slurp, she begged,
“Please, fuck me. Fuck my hot cunt while they watch.”
He helped her up and she staggered to the bed, sliding onto it on her hands and knees. He reached over and pulled the Lycra blouse down over her big breasts, so that they hung down, swaying as she moved into position. He pulled the elastic string of her panty to one side, stretching it across her ass cheek. His fingers found her slit, and he rubbed her clit and spread her juices onto her bare ass.
“Fuck me, please. I can’t wait. Put your cock inside me now, please!”
Holding herself up with one hand she reached back with the other and pulled her ass open, spreading her pussy lips for his cock. Moving closer to her raised bottom, he grasped his hard cock and peeled the black condom off, tossing it aside. He wanted nothing between his cock and the hot walls of her pussy, and he knew she wanted to feel his hot sperm bathing her insides. Now he slotted his bare dickhead into her wet slit and slid it up and down to coat it with her juices. He deliberately bumped it over her clit repeatedly, driving her wild. Then he placed the head at her hole and pushed forward, sliding into the hot tunnel in one move. She moaned and thrust back at him, gasping encouragement,
“Oh, god, yes! That’s so good. You cock is so big inside me!”
He slid in to the full depth of her vagina, filling her with his wonderful hard cock. He pulled back, and then thrust forward, pumping her, pounding her the way she loved to be fucked. At the same time he used a finger to rub the tight ring of her wet asshole.
She thought about the eight men who were watching her and it drove her to greater heights of lust to think that they were waiting their turns to use her. She knew they would fuck her in her pussy and ass, shove their hot hard cocks in her mouth and come down her throat.
“Oh, god, I’m so close,” she moaned.
He reached under her to squeeze her hanging breasts as she shoved back to get his dick as deep inside her cunt as she could.
“Reach back and play with yourself,” he commanded. “Rub your clit while I fuck you.”
Her fingers slid along her belly, over her shaved mound, and found the spot at the top of her slit. She pressed her clit down, forcing it to ride along his slippery cock shaft as it pumped in and out of her. This brought her closer to the end, and she banged her big naked ass against his hips, loud slapping noises filling the room as the men stared. She rubbed her hot clit harder and her climax started in her toes. Her feet twitched and her legs shook. Her swaying breasts smacked together as her body bucked and she shoved her ass back to meet his cock.
“Nngh...nngh...nngh,” soft little grunts accompanied her orgasm and she knew the men were enjoying the show she was putting on, shamelessly rubbing her clit and climaxing in front of them.
The slick walls of her coming pussy squeezed his cock tightly, the rhythmic contractions bringing on his orgasm. He moaned and thrust harder, shooting his cum deep inside her spasming canal.
“Oh, god! Come…come inside me! Fill me with your hot cum,” she pleaded as he bathed her pussy with his sperm.
When they finished coming she collapsed on the bed, causing his still-hard cock to slip out of her well-fucked pussy.
They lay there panting, covered in a sheen of sweat as their breathing returned to normal. He stroked her hair and she put her arms around his shoulders.
“My god,” she said, “that was great!”
“It always is, isn’t it?” he said, amazed.
“I can’t believe it,” she said. “Fifteen years of marriage and we can still do this to each other!”
“Well that’s because you’re such a hot little exhibitionist, my dear,” he teased.
“Yes, that’s definitely one of my favorite fantasies. But you’re such a diabolical master, forcing me to do it with all those men watching.”
“I love you,” he said and he kissed her.
“I love you, sweetheart,” she answered, kissing him back.