Notices:
• I would like to give a shout-out @gremlinpi whose stories inspired me for this one
• This chapter is all character intros to give an image, skip to Chapter 1 if you're horny and read the TLDR there
• Usual disclaimer, all characters are over 18, this is fantasy, don't try to reenact bad things you read, be a good person, etc, etc
Our story begins with seven friends. They are all first-year university students at a mid-tier university, and all met one way or another over the first semester to form this friendship group.
First, we have Sammy. She is a petite brunette, 5'3, with fair skin, beautiful green eyes, and perfect curves, including D breasts with a round, firm ass well defined from working out. Her face would be considered cute on any girl, but with her physic, she was drop-dead gorgeous. Understandably, this makes her very well-known around campus, more so as she is often keen to flirt. She would frequently chat about sex as though it were a weekend hobby to be discussed at a family dinner. However, when it comes to sleeping around she is actually quite reserved, with only having a few sexual partners, all of which were at the time boyfriends.
Then we have Mark, her boyfriend. They were one of those get together at freshers week and become inseparable ever since. Mark is a gym buff, he and Sammy can be seen working out most evenings and have the gains to show for it. He is 6'2, has brown eyes, a broad chest, toned arms, and blond hair in a crew cut. He would look perfectly in place as an extra in just about any military film, but didn't have a strict outlook on life and liked to joke around a lot. Not one for intellectual conversation, but good fun and friendly with anyone be it a hot chick or geeky guy, which is more than you can say for most gym buffs.
Third is Yilei (aka. Lei). She is a foreign student from China, with flawless English and only the slightest accent, such that you wouldn't think she was from abroad. Her long straight black hair frames the kind of pretty Asian face that is so smooth and symmetric you would swear is photoshopped if you weren't seeing it IRL. She is 5'10 and while not particularly curvy with a slender frame and B-cup breasts, her long legs when in a short skirt were enough to draw any guy's gaze. She could get almost any guy on campus she wanted, but mostly spent her time cultivating internet followings or shopping for the latest fashion.
Adam is one of those well-rounded, popular with every one people. A good conversationalist, helped by his handsome looks. At 5'11, he has chiseled cheekbones, blue eyes, and the kind of curly dark blond hair that always looked stylish and lay back, even straight out of bed. Despite his charms, he didn't like to show off or flirt much. Ever the reader, he always claimed to like someone more on how interesting their thoughts or conversation is rather than how good their ass looked. Together, Adam and Lei were one of those will-they won't-they pairs for the first half of the academic year. Finally, after a little bit of encouragement from the group they hooked up, and are still figuring out that early stage of dating without labels.
To round them off there is Lilia, Justin, and Sarah.
Lilia is Latin American and bisexual. She has wavey black hair, is 5'8, and though perfectly normal weight she has that quality where her curves all seemed accentuated. Her waist is slim, but her ass is larger than expected, and her tits were C-cup, giving her a fabulous overall figure that had most guys drooling. She likes to explore a lot both in travel and in the bedroom but would always be less forthcoming with the details, unless drunk, at which point the floodgates would open and she is the kinkiest of them all.
Justin is your typical introvert. Seriously smart and hard-working, but a bit too much of a tendency for video games and anime. Combined with a slightly nerdy physique, tall at 6'3 but lanky with square glasses, brown eyes, and scraggly black hair that he never really knew how to style much. Having never gotten much attention from friends or girls he never got the opportunity to practice talking much. Instead, he tended to hide away more behind of mask of disinterest rather than appear to try too hard, but if you broke through that layer he was the most caring and thoughtful friend, despite him not being very good at expressing himself.
Finally, there is Sarah, an American-born Chinese, who is the most shy of the group. At 5'4 she is girl-next-door cute, with long black hair she likes to style differently every day and a fit figure from playing tennis. She could probably get a fair bit of attention if she tried but she didn't. Having been raised in a strict immigrant and Christian household she was very studious and sometimes struggled to relax. She however didn't follow the family faith and had her rebellious moments when she felt trapped, like sneaking out for parties with her friends. Most evenings she has to be coerced out of the library by one of the other group members for any activities. When you could finally get her out, she had a sweet demeanor and a following manner, often wanting to be involved but in a more reserved way.
They say at university one discovers one's self. They all met each other still young and innocent. But together, they soon began exploring themselves and their sexualities. Let me walk you through some of their adventures.