Chapter 8: The Dam Bursts
Kelly threw herself down on her bed and put her pillow over her head. She had been harassed all over campus today with catcalls. Lines from her video were shouted back at her, crude imitations made of her orgasmic shrieks. Worse yet, it was only 3 PM. Beth was in the middle of her first ride of the day on Scotty. On the first ride, she always took her entire two hours. No, she wouldn't have a chance to seek comfort from Scotty for another seven whole hours. At least, not that Scotty, she thought suddenly.
She gritted her teeth and selected Scott's number.
"It's you," he said gently, reverently. It was as if she were a small woodland creature he was trying not to startle.
"You're right, it's bad," she said in an overwhelmed monotone.
"Let me buy you coffee," he said, so gentle, so smooth.
She wanted to curl up in his arms and sleep. At the same time, she was never going to get her life together until she'd forgotten him.
Fuck it. Coffee is coffee. And she needed to clearly remind herself why they should not date. "Okay," she muttered, then more strongly, "Plato's coffee in fifteen minutes?" Wait, she looked like a wreck. "Sorry, in an hour?"
"That's next to campus. You'll be safe from harassment there?" he asked.
"You're a real porn star," she snickered, "you're the one they'll mob."
"I'm flattered you think so, but people don't care about the male talent," he said. "It's all you."
"Oh yeah?" she argued. "I've got fifty freshman and sophomore girls on my dorm floor that would beg to completely differ."
"Well... uh..." Had she just flustered Scott? "It's you, ten to one. So I'll pick you up."
"Okay," Kelly said. It came bursting out of her before she even thought about it or could stop herself.
Kelly stood at the street corner in a tight black knit dress and matching black clutch. The outfit was borrowed from a girl two doors down. She had on a big black pair of sunglasses she'd bought. She was so nervous, she was dancing around like she had to pee.
Scott pulled up in an old Mercedes. "There you are." She dived into the passenger seat like she was making a getaway. Scott carefully pulled into the flow of traffic.
She looked over at him and went weak and wet. Good thing she was wearing these giant shades.
"You look beautiful," Scott offered. "I didn't know you dressed for class so formally."
Kelly's face fell. Cover and cool both easily blown. "Sometimes," she argued. NOT. She glanced at him again as he drove. He looked more distinguished than she remembered. "Where are we going?" she asked.
"My house," said Scott.
Kelly froze. Her eyes went wide behind her sunglasses. She stammered, "No! I mean... I don't know... I promised myself..."
"Do you feel unsafe with me?" asked Scott, glancing at her and returning to his driving. "Physically unsafe? I hope... you know..." he sounded wounded.
It was not her safety she was concerned with, but her resolve. But that was top secret, or it was game over. And he had a point about public places. The last thing she needed was someone to see them together. Take pictures, videos, before they could escape. All over her social media. And then her parents would drive up here. What would a normal girl say? "It's... quick."
Scott grinned, "Is there a protocol to having coffee in my kitchen?"
Kelly was out of excuses. She fiddled with the clasp on her borrowed clutch.
They wound up into the hills. As they took the turns, Scott's giant hand ended up on her thigh. She thought to object. But then how ludicrous was it for her to object to his hand touching the outside of her body? His massive penis had opened her up into a real woman deep in her soul. It struck her as infinitely petty. Then again, consent is never automatic. She wasn't his chattel. It felt so damn good. She should really say something.
As she was debating with herself, he pulled up into his driveway. They went through his front gate and were greeted by two big energetic dogs, bigger than Kelly. As soon as they saw Scott their tails wagged furiously and they jumped and licked at him exuberantly. Kelly backed against the gate, frightened of getting hurt. Scott was a giant tall shield protecting her from their onslaught.
The dogs found Kelly hiding behind Scott and joyously fell down on their backs. They were smiling, if dogs smile, tongues lolling, tails sweeping the dirt. Kelly patted their bellies. They were boys. Make that excited boys. Kelly blushed as she patted and petted them. She didn't want to be reminded of erect penises just now.
"This black lab is Bonker. The pit bull is Clifton. Don't worry, they're gentle," said Scott. "They sure like you! They fell over and surrendered my house to you, and they've never met you before. I guess they see right away how happy I am that you're here."
"They're outside dogs?" asked Kelly.
"They have a door," he said. "Come on in." They kicked off their shoes at the door. The living room had a spectacular floor-to-ceiling view of the valley. The kitchen was off to the side. A counter pierced the wall between them and formed a sort of breakfast nook. Scott turned into the kitchen. Despite her desire to appear reluctant, Kelly danced into the living room. She dug her toes into the fluffy carpet and fell into one of the giant fluffy leather couches. It snuggled her. She felt hugged and comforted.
The dogs, eyes and tongues dancing, followed her closely, hoping for more rubs. "Bonker. Clifton," Scott called gently. The dogs made a U-turn and disappeared into the kitchen. "Dark roast?" asked Scott.
"Yes please," called Kelly, looking at the view. She could see her dorm from here. One of those two buildings, at least. She heard the sound of an espresso machine coming from the kitchen.
"Cream?" he asked.
"Yes."
Scott and the dogs arrived at the couch. Scott held two giant mugs of coffee. The dogs, who were apparently not allowed on the couches, groveled and scooched around happily at their feet. "Sorry, everything around here is... me-sized," Scott said, sitting next to her, towering over her. It had been less obvious in the car. Here, sitting next to him, he was massive, and muscular, and gentle. The cup he handed her was a big deep bowl of coffee. It made her feel even more like a child.
She sipped it. "It's good. If I drank all this, I'd bounce off the walls."
"Don't feel obligated," he assured her.
She set the giant vessel down on a giant coaster on the side table. Scott put a giant arm around her. The dogs cuddled and warmed her bare feet. It was so good being here, where she was never supposed to be. She burst into tears and started sobbing. Scott held her gently. Her sobbing became uncontrolled. Snot poured out of her nose and bubbled in her mouth. Scott pressed endless fresh tissues into her hands.
Afterwards, she was just breathing. A light snowfall of tissues had scattered all around her. The dogs looked up at her questioningly. They had left the tissues alone. They were good dogs.
"Can I show you the deck?" he asked.
"Yes."
He wrapped her up in a blanket from the couch. Carried her lightly through the sliding glass doors. Set her down on a deck chair next to the triangular swimming pool. The dogs joined them. The sun was getting low in the sky. The clouds were starting to color. She shrugged off the blanket. It wasn't cold out here. There was a hot tub. She checked under the lid. It was piping hot. "Mmm. I'm tempted," she said idly.
"Be my guest," said Scott. "Should I take off the cover?"
"I don't have a bathing suit," she lamented.
"I can offer you these," he said. He held up a huge pair of swimming trunks from the back of the chair.
She laughed. "No." She stood up and slipped out of her slinky borrowed dress. She thought, what the hell am I doing? She slid down her pastel cotton panties to reveal her freshly-shaved motte. The complex look of strong emotion on Scott's face was the best thing to happen to her in weeks. He came to his senses and hopped to the task of removing the hot tub lid for her.
As she slipped into the barely bearable hot water, he said, "I'll be right back." She looked over at the dogs, lounging near asleep in the lengthening shadows. When they saw her looking at them, they both got up expectantly and came over. One at a time, they lapped at the steaming water. Mmm. Kelly soup was good, apparently. They lay down again within easy petting or scratching distance.
Scott re-emerged in swim trunks and slipped in beside her. They watched the sunset together. "My dogs are never like this," he said. "They treat you like a better me."
"That's because I am," she sighed. When no argument came from him, she tried to provoke him further. "This is, no doubt, where you corner all your women. How's the seduction playbook going?"
"Actually, no," he said. "This is an aftercare place. I like my women juicy, and this tends to cook it out of them." His hands touched and roved her body. A finger slickly slipped into her cunt. "Not you, though," he concluded. He lifted her and set her on his lap. Here was the one and only original, tightly erecting his trunks across her ass.
"Yes."
He lifted her out of the tub, water steaming from their bodies. They went dripping and patting through the double sliding doors and took a sharp right into the master bedroom. Scott pushed the door shut with his heel. The dogs laid against it, clunk, clunk, as if in protest.
He laid her out like a China setting on the dark green and vermilion bedspread. He shucked off his trunks. They were both still a little wet, dripping on each other as they kissed, steaming. She felt his bucking, writhing urgency and her own. He slid down her body to face her vulva.
"No," she said firmly. "Get in here. You can show me you're the best lover ever later. Get in here. I've been dreaming of your cock in me for weeks."
Her legs pinned and pointing toward opposite corners of the ceiling, he was on her, in her, ravenous. The fire of each for the other consumed them both. "UUUHHH!" she orgasmed. "And another thing! You'd better leave a load deep inside me! I didn't spend all this money on birth control for nothing! UNNNNH! FUUUUUCK! AAAAIIII!"
Afterwards, as they were holding each other, so relaxed and complete, Kelly got a text message. Reluctantly, she looked at it. It was from Beth. "Where are you?" it read. "Julie is willing to yield you half an hour now for a half hour tonight."
Should she tell her? She smiled diabolically. "Are you okay?" asked Scott.
"With the original," she typed. And... send. Her phone rang.
It was Beth. Kelly put it on speaker. "We talked about this! There are good men, godly men on this campus who want to court you righteously! Scott is an irredeemable sinner who's certainly going to hell!"
"I'm fifty years old, and I've already been to hell," Scott told her. "I did two tours in Afghanistan."
"Oh my God, can he hear us?" asked Beth. "I'm so sorry mister... Scott... I didn't mean to offend. I've been taught better than this to respect my elders... veterans... I'm sure you understand my concern for my friend under the circumstances."
"I do," he said, and looking at the phone, he said, "Beth... and I appreciate your concern. You're a good friend to Kelly." Kelly thought she heard an audible gasp from Beth when he called her by name. "You should know, first of all, that Kelly is blameless in this. My world-class seductive powers easily overwhelm an innocent like Kelly. The extraordinary pleasure I give in lovemaking binds her to me eternally. It's not a reflection on her morals at all, you see."
"I see," Beth practically moaned.
"You can probably tell even over the phone that she had no choice but to fall under my spell," he growled.
Beth hung up without another word. Scott and Kelly busted a gut laughing.
A minute later, Kelly got a text message from Beth. "The three of us must meet urgently and discuss this."
"She wants to meet you," Kelly giggled.
"I bet," said Scott.
They made love at odd intervals during the night. Sometimes it was rough and animal. Sometimes it was gentle, loving, and almost a continuation of sleeping in each other's arms.
At dawn, Kelly, lying in a pool of sweat, shattered by orgasms, said, "I know it can't be this good forever."
"I know," said Scott. "One day, I'll die, and you'll live on."
"Before that," she said.
"No, it gets better and better," said Scott.
"Better than this?!" she demanded incredulously.
"For at least ten years," he said.
"That's forever!" she wondered.
"I know, right?"
(To be continued)