The following story is fiction and does not describe any real person, location or situation in particular. All characters engaged in any sexual activity are at least eighteen. This submission is about the coming of age of an 18-year old virgin who signs up to a website for modeling and eventually to get deflowered.
I hope you have fun reading it. I decided to make it a two-part series.
Author's note: This story contains the use of a relaxing drug compound and an aphrodisiac. Limited Sex, more build up.
Chapter One
Sally Williams just turned 18-years-old, 3 days ago and was still a virgin. She hasn't had a steady boyfriend, since she started high-school. She has kissed a boy or two, let one feel her breasts, but nothing more. Sally has blue eyes with beautiful long straight blonde hair, at 5 ft 3 inches, her hair goes below her waist. Her measurements are roughly, 32 B breasts by 24 W by 34 Hip, what someone would consider Junior petite. She has some cute freckles on her face and on various parts of her body.
Sally was talking to her best girlfriend, since kindergarten, Renee Thomas, they knew so much about each other. No secrets. Renee was the opposite of Sally. 36 C breasts by 28 W by 38 Hip. Sally had brown curly hair, that she kept cut to her shoulder. Brown eyes and has been experienced with boys, since she turned 18-years old, 8-months ago. Both girls will be going off to college in the fall.
Sally was leaving her home in Syracuse, NY to attend Dartmouth College in New Hampshire, as she is a brainy girl. Full Scholarship for the study of physical and life sciences through collaborations on next-generation research. However, her Scholarship didn't cover clothing, traveling back to home, cell phone, visiting Renee, her beat up Chevy or any fun stuff. Her parents told that she would be on own money wise. Renee was the opposite, when it came to the smarts, she was leaving Syracuse for SUNY Cortland, studying physical ed. Based on her parent's income, Renee went under the NYS program for attending a State University, so she paid nothing to attend. Thanks to WE Flower, she has and gets spending money.
After school at Sally's house, with her parents still at work, she was in the living room studying with Renee.
"Renee, I NEED, NO must have money for college. I know you got a stash from modeling when you turned 18."
"Sally, if you recall I modeled for, 'We Flower Magazine and Videos', it's a .com website company and sometimes they hire me back. However, you don't want to do any modeling or have to do what they ask you to do?"
Sally says, "I know you never told me much about it, even though we should have NO secrets, about your modeling with the 'We Flower' website."
Renee then tells her about modeling for the magazine and website.
"First, they only hire VIRGINS, which you qualify. Second, you will have to model nude and prove to them that you are a virgin. After they verify your virginity, all the time, taking pictures & videos, they will have a professional model deflower you. If you had a boyfriend, he could do the deflowering, but since you don't have one, they will provide the man or teen to do the deed. There is NO ROMANCE. People - strangers are in the studio, while they photograph and film you. Is that how you want your cherry popped?"
"Renee, you had your cherry popped by them via the professional model. How was it?"
"Sally, it was good they took great care of me over two days, 1 night. I was in a 3-bedroom apartment. One bedroom was a master, one guest and then the studio. There was some pain and of course blood, but their model made it as gentle as possible. I still get to model, by request of their viewers with Roberto. His dick is 8.5 inches about an inch thick. He filled me right up, but was still so gentle. The best thing was they paid me $10,000. Cash and I get $2,500.00 cash each follow up video or magazine photo session."
"Renee, for $10,000. cash, make it $15,000. cash, Roberto could fuck my asshole and pop that cherry as well." As she smiles at her friend.
"Sally, they may take you up on your offer. Are you interested?"
"Renee, I need money, lots of it. $10,000. Would cover at least a year, maybe into the following year if I am conservative with my spending. I'll do it."
Sally says to Renee, "This talk made me horny, can we go upstairs and play for a little bit? My parents will be home soon, but I think we can squeeze in a quick cum?"
The two girls proceed upstairs to Sally's room, stripping quickly. On Sally's bed the two close friends start kissing, twirling their tongues in each other's mouths. Sally brings her hands unto Renee's 36 C tits and starts to massage them, then releasing her mouth from their kiss, bends down then starts to suck on her pink elongated nipple. Renee moves her hand down to Sally's blonde bush and starts to rub her labia lips, going up/down her slit, then only placing a single finger into her pussy, she starts a rhythm on her friend.
Sally, feeling the finger in her pussy, moves a hand down to Renee bald pussy and knowing she isn't a virgin, inserts two fingers into her girlfriend's pussy, while she continues to suck on a tit. As they start leaking pussy juice and getting horny, the two then move into a scissor position, placing their pussy's together and rubbing each other to get off, as they both start to orgasm.
Just as they both finish cumming, they hear a car pulling up to the driveway. Sally's mom must be home already from work. The two quickly get dressed and make like they were studying.
Her mom, yelling upstairs, "HELLO, HELLO, are you up there Sally?"
"Up here mom, I am studying with Renee."
"Hello, Renee."
"Hello, Mrs. Williams."
"Renee, are you staying for dinner, we have plenty?"
"No thanks, Mrs. Williams, I have to get home and help my mom with some stuff."
Renee says to Sally, "I better go, I'll call Harry Gold and set up an appointment for just a conversation with him. He likes to meet his talent before they stay over at his mansion for the night. Wait to you see this place, he bought it like 3 or 4-months ago . He is located on Skaneateles Lake."
"Thanks, sweetie, for setting this up, I love you like a sister. Will Harry allow you to come with me for just the initial conversation?"
"Sally, I will ask him but it shouldn't be an issue and I love you also."
The two give each other a hug and kiss goodbye, then they go downstairs for Renee to head home.
Chapter Two
Renee calls Harry, as soon as she is alone in her room.
"Harry, it's Renee, how have you been?"
"Babe, I am doing great, do you need money from a modeling gig? I can stir one up for you."
"Harry, maybe soon. I think you will have interest in what I have available for you, for your next photo & video shoot."
Renee gives Harry all the details about her longtime best friend Sally. "Harry, she needs cash for college and she would like me to attend the initial conversation with you. Would that be OK?"
"First if she is a good as you say, you earned a $5,000.00 CASH finder's fee. Can you both be here Friday after school? We will do the initial conversation and if she is the real deal, Next Saturday, I'll set her up for a shoot."
"Harry she is the real deal, a shy brainy virgin. Just turned 18-years-old. No real boyfriends. Maybe been kissed by a boy but nothing else. AND YES Harry, to get your head out of the gutter, we do full around and have been."
"Renee, a girl on girl shoot. $8,000. each."
"Harry if we get through with Sally's first shoot, then we can go from there."
Friday after school, Sally drives Renee in her beat-up old car to Harry's lakefront mansion. When Sally pulls up, her eyes are wide open.
"Renee is this all Harry's; I can't believe how big this house is."
"All his, plus 6 acres of property." As Renee is thinking all paid for from nude & young virgin girls modeling, like I was about 8 months ago."
As it is already April, the weather isn't too bad in Upstate NY, they approach the large door and Renee rings the bell. Harry answers the door, greeting Renee with a hug and kiss and shaking Sally's hand.
Harry is about 50-years-old, balding, short and stubby. "Come in, come in girls, welcome."
The girls enter the large house, remove their light jackets, as Harry's young 20-year-old maids, wearing a very short skirt, high heels and tight top exposing a pair of 38 D's, takes their jackets.
Harry tells them, "You are everything that Renee said about you and more Sally. You are one beautiful blonde. I love your long hair. Let's go into my study and chat. Do you girls want anything to drink?"
Sally says, "Cold water please, is fine with me."
Renee, "Diet coke for me please."
Harry hits a button on the phone, "Mildred, a cold glass of water and diet coke please."
The same young maid comes in with the refreshments then leaves, closing the door.
Harry, then starts a conversation with Sally.
"So, Renee says you are a virgin and want to get photographed & video tapped as you lose your virginity. Have you ever modeled, been naked in front of a camera or seen a male nude?"
"Harry, I need money for college. Renee told me you paid her $10,000., that would cover at least my first-year expenses. To answer your other questions, NO, NO and No."
Harry then asks her, "Sweetie what about you know, Birth Control. My actors are clean, I assume you are clean, we don't use condoms. The guy will cum inside your pussy and I don't think you want to get pregnant on your first time?"
Sally responds, "You mean someone, a stranger is going to put what they call semen into my pussy, YUK. But as far as Birth Control, I was at 14-years-old having issues with my periods, so yes, I would be good to go."
Harry is thinking, "Chad, this stranger, will be cumming in your pussy, mouth and hopefully asshole. This girl is great."
"Sally, so this is what we are going to do this afternoon. I need your driver's license to make a copy. I am going to have you look over a contract and agreement that allows us to photograph & videotape you for public publication. I will also have you sign an agreement that you are here willingly and that you understand that you will lose your virginity. However, you reserve the right to stop any of the photo/video or sexual portions at any time with the understanding that no money will transpire or be paid, if you don't complete the video & photo session. I will now take a couple of pictures of you, nothing nude. Do you understand and agree to what I just said?"
"Sally gives him a yes, I do Harry, I completely understand and agree, where do I sign."
Sally signs the paperwork after handing Harry her driver's license. Renee signs as a witness.
Harry hands back her driver's license, then asks Sally, "Please stand by the pure white wall in the study."
Harry has a video camera secretly filming the session as well, as Sally moves to the wall, he hands her a sign with her name and age on it.
"Sally, please hold up the sign in front of your chest."
Sally does as he requested.
"Now, I need you to put the sign down, and look at me."
Harry is snapping pictures.
"Now please turn your body to the side. 'snap, snap, snap' Now turn with your back to me. 'snap, snap'. Now please turn to me and remove your top."
"Do I have to?" As she looks at Renee, who is shaking her head, yes.
"Yes, I need to see you in your bra and panties. You will be nude and having sex in front of me and others next Saturday. If you can't do this then NO MONEY and we stop right now."
Sally pulls her top over her head, covering her breasts with her hands. Then decides to shake her long blonde hair over her breasts to keep them covered.
Harry is thinking, "This is perfect; this girl will be a hit. I am glad I am filming this for her introduction video. Back to Sally, he says, "Move the hair away sweetie, please."
Sally places her hand down to her side. She is wearing just a plain white bra and granny type panties. She owns nothing sexy underwear wise.
"OK, sweetie, now remove your blue jeans."
Looking at Renee, who again shakes her head, yes. Sally, first removing her shoes, then slowly unbuttons her blue jeans, sliding them down her legs, she places them on a nearby chair. Again, placing her hands now in front of her pussy. Harry notices she has a very hairy unkempt bush, as hairs are sticking out of the granny type panty.
Inpatient now, "Sally, move them hands or I stop and you're out of here."
Sally moves her hands away and let's Harry take some photos.
"Turn around sweetheart please, then bend down, in a milder tone now."
Sally turns around then bends down. 'snap, snap, snap'
"All done sweetheart, you can get dressed now. Renee can come with you next week, if she wants to be here for your photo & video debut. You will be staying the night. You will have all your needs, Sally taken care of, hair, make up, clothing etc. Just pack a bag with some personal hygiene stuff and clothes to travel home on Sunday. Swim-suits are optional for my pool and hot tub, so I will leave that up to the both of you, if you want to swim before we start. This envelope is for you Sally, for today and this is for you Renee. Thank you both I look forward to seeing you next Saturday at 10:00 am sharp. Mildred will see you out." Hitting the button on the phone, "Mildred, would you please come into the study to see these two girls out."
Mildred with their jackets in her hand, comes into the study, handing each girl their jacket and shows them to the front door. They both thank her and leave with cash in hand. In the car they each open their envelopes.
"Sally, how much did Harry give you?"
"Five 100.00-dollar bills, what is in your envelope?"
"Two crisp 100.00-dollar bills. I told you this will be good for you. Are you nervous about Saturday?"
"Yes, I am but I am glad Harry is allowing you to come with me."
"I would not miss it for the world."
As soon as the two girls leave, Harry gets on the phone to make all the arrangements for Saturday. First call is to Chad, a blonde, 19-year-old, 6 foot stud model that Harry has used previously for 'We Flower'.
"Chad, Harry here, how ya been kid and are you available next Saturday & Sunday? I got you a hot young blonde thing to deflower? You two can almost be twins. The story will be sold an incest theme. The girl wants her brother to deflower her."
"Harry, I am doing great, I have been modeling, with your permission with another publication. If you have a hottie, I will cancel my plans for the weekend, what time?
"She is coming with her friend, what's her name, Renee, you know her. You modeled with her after Roberto took her cherry about 8-months ago. They will be here about 10:00 am, I will text you, but plan on 4ish to 5ish, she should be ready by then."
"4ish, the standard fee?"
"No, I am shooting live for this one, her whole day here. I'll pay you a generous $5,000. for this session, three-grand over your normal fee."
"Thanks, I am so in or will be in. Anal?"
"Going to try Chad. Wait till she sees your 8-inch long, 1-inch round cock."
"Goodbye Harry."
Next call for Harry, is to his movie & photo-shoot crew. Mildred will do the massage, hair and make-up.
Chapter Three
Saturday rolls around, "Sally tells her parents, that Renee and her are going away together for the weekend, be back Sunday. We are driving to Cortland, Renee wants me, as she lies, to see her college."
Her mom and dad both say, "You are 18-years-old now and heading off to college, I guess we can trust you. Be careful driving and have fun. Hope you have gas and food money. You know you are on your own?"
Taping the cash wad from Harry, she laughs, saying, "I am all set with gas and food money." Thinking, "If you both only knew the amount of cash I'll have on Sunday."
With some clothes in a bag, with a basic blue one-piece bathing suit and some personal female stuff, Sally is all set. She wishes she had sexy clothes to wear to Harry's, but with the money she gets from him, she can afford Victoria Secret stuff. Dressed in a pair of ripped jeans, a plain Jane type pull over shirt and jacket, she heads out to Renee's house to pick her up.
"Sally are you excited or nervous about this weekend at Harry's?"
"A little of both, I guess."
It is 10:30 am sharp as they pull into Harry's driveway, cars are parked along the driveway and the place appears to be busy. Carrying their stuff, Sally rings the door bell, with a new girl answering the door.
"Hi, I am Patti, you must be Sally", as she looks to Sally, then to Renee, "And you must be Renee, welcome girls. I am Harry's new assistant; I will take you through today Sally. I will be your guide. Come on and I will go over your schedule for the day and evening. Take your jackets off, put your bags down by the door, then please follow me into the study."
Patti is also young, maybe 22-years-old, very pretty about 5 ft 9 inches with strawberry hair. Not large on top 32 B's with a cute shape.
Patti asks the two girls, "Can we get you anything to drink?
They both respond in unison, "We are good, thank you."
"OK then, we are going to have a very busy day and evening. Remember, Sally you can stop at anytime and go home without any cash in your pocket. But with my guidance, stepping you along the way and your friend, Renee who went through most of our process, you will be fine. Renee, you are free to just relax, partake in watching the session or hang around the mansion."
Renee tells Patti, "I will play it by ear, if that is OK."
"Perfect, let's get started. I will bring you to your bedroom so you can unpack any clothes, put stuff away etc. If you want, I suggest you use the spa Sally, you can wear a bathing suit and swim, hit the pool, hot tub and I suggest the steam room and sauna. Towels will be provided in the spa. Let's say for about an hour, Harry will stop in to say hello, as soon as he is done with the crew. I will collect you for the next portion. Let's head up to your room now. So far, so good. RELAX SALLY, you will be fine."
Renee remains quiet but Sally says, "Sounds Great."
Patti escorts both girls upstairs to one of the massive suites in the house. The bathroom is huge with a large tub for like 6 people. The bed is a King-over-sized bed. The two girls unpack the few items they brought, placing them in one of the several dressers. Taking the smaller bag, they place that in the massive bathroom. Leaving out their bathing suits with Patti still in the room, Renee starts to undress to change into her skimpy two-piece while Sally heads into the bathroom to change.
"Sweetie, where are you going?" Patti asks Sally.
"To change, you're in the room."
"OH, honey we are both girls, I have seen it all, plus what are you going to do in front of the camera later today. You better get used to undressing in front of me dear."
Sally changes out of her clothes into the blue one-piece bathing suit. Meanwhile, monitoring the cameras in the room, Harry is laughing listening to Sally being so shy. Some of this is being broadcast to his 'We Flower CAM audience'. They are each paying $2,000. to watch and listen to this live event today. Harry typically doesn't offer this service on his CAM channel, but after seeing Sally, he decided he would offer the event to a select group that would pay the $2K.
Patti tells them, "There are flip-flops that should fit you each in the closet, why don't you put them on and follow me downstairs to the basement spa."
Both girls follow Patti to the spa, walking down a flight of stairs, they enter this massive spa area with an in-ground whirlpool Jacuzzi type pool and larger pool for swimming. There is a large shower off to the side.
Patti tells them, "The pool is salt water, with the whirlpool Jacuzzi also salt water. There is a clock on the wall. Spend like 15 minutes relaxing in the pool then hit the whirlpool for 10 minutes, I will come and get you in 25 minutes for the Sauna & Steam room. I will put out towels and some water bottles for you. Through that door on the right of the shower in a restroom, if you need a bio break. Have fun."
Patti gets some large towels with some water bottles and places them on a nearby table near the pool entrance. Sally & Renee walk down the steps into the pool and start swimming around.
Renee tells Sally, "You are very welcome my girlfriend. My session about 6-months ago was nothing like this. I was in a 3-bedroom apartment. You are a lucky girl and in luxury."
Sally, relaxing as she is swimming, says, "So far Renee, this isn't bad. Patti seems nice."
Harry comes into the pool area and sees the girls chatting and swimming.
"Hello girls and welcome. Sorry I couldn't say hi sooner but I wanted to get everyone ready for our session, later this afternoon. Has Patti taken good care of the both of you? Any questions?"
Sally says, "Yes, Harry we are fine and thank you. Patti is great. No questions, so far."
"Then I will let you continue relaxing; you may want to hit the whirlpool. The jets have started."
Harry leaves and the two girls head to the whirlpool Jacuzzi. They each enter feeling the hot water, they start to relax, closing their eyes. Patti returns, noticing both girls are relaxed with their eyes closed, she drops some powder into one of the water bottles. Shaking the bottle so the powder disappears.
"AHEM, girls, time for the sauna, here Sally this is for you," as she hands her the bottle that has the powder in it and "This is for you Renee. Drink some water girls before you hit the Sauna."
Both girls stuck down some water. Then getting up from the whirlpool Jacuzzi, Patti hands them each a towel to dry off. Taking them to a separate room off the pool is the Sauna and steam rooms.
"OK girls, just 10 minutes in the sauna then 15 minutes next door in the steam room. Please watch the clock on the wall. Since it is only you two and me right now, why don't you take off your bathing suits? We have satin robes for you and Sally won't need her bathing suit anymore from here anyway."
Both girls remove their bathing suit, with Sally being more free undressing. The powder, that will relax her is starting to take over some of her inhibitions. They both head in the nude to the Sauna; towels are already on the wood seats for them to sit on. After 10 minutes, they run next door into the steam room. Most of this is being broadcast to the CAM audience from hidden cameras. Harry has the broadcast on a ten-minute delay so he can choose what is on the broadcast.
While the girls are in the steam room, Patti locates Mildred, who is in the Make-up/ Massage room.
"Are you ready for Sally's Brazilian Wax, then the massage for her. Hopefully the powder will help her relax and not feel the pain from the Brazilian Wax as much?"
Mildred wearing just a G-String and topless says, "I am all set for our darling."
"I will go get her."
Patti goes to the steam room, opens the door, getting hit with a burst of steam, telling Sally, "it is time now dear, we need to get you ready."
Sally feeling really relaxed, not sure why, says, "OKIE DOKIE, here I come."
Patti hands both of them their towels to dry off. Then escorts them into the Make-Up/Massage Room.
"Sally, you remember Mildred. She will clean up that hairy bush of yours, then she will give you a massage, then you can have a shower, then Mildred will dry you off."
Sally asks, "Mildred hello, where do you want me?"
"Sweetie, hop up on the massage table, I will trim that bush down, then start with the Brazilian wax portion. Renee you can stay or get dressed, we have a T-shirt and shorts for you to wear if you prefer and you can roam the house. There are video games and Patti can show you around. I will be at least an hour or more with Sally."
Renee decides to change into the T-shirt and shorts that fit her body perfectly. Then heads out of the room with Patti. The video CAM audience is now watching the wax & massage session.
Sally goes up on the table. Mildred checks out this fine-looking virgin girl on her table. She has had other girls on this table but Sally, is a very fine-looking specimen and a true blonde.
"Mildred, can we stop a minute please?"
"You OK honey?"
"I am fine, I have to pee really bad."
Mildred helps her off the massage table then leads her to the bathroom off to the side of her room. The camera in the bathroom activates, as Sally walks in and the audience is now watching her go pee. Sally wipes her pussy, giving the audience a nice view of her bush, after washing her hands, she heads back to the table then jumps back up, front up, all exposed to the viewing audience.
Mildred gets a pair of scissors then starts to trim Sally's bush, leaving the right amount about a ¼ inch of hair for the wax to take. Sally is very mellow, not covering up or complaining, as Mildred continues to trim her bush down.
Once she has the bush trimmed to the proper height, she then tells Sally, "Honey this may hurt you a bit, hopefully the steam opened your pores, so it won't hurt as much, but bear with it, I'll try to make it as painless as possible."
Taking the hot wax from the bowl using a stick, she places the wax on the right of Sally's pussy first. Letting it dry, she pulls the wax, taking hair with it.
"OUCH"
Moving over to the other side of Sally, she repeats the process.
"OUCH"
Mildred, now lifts up Sally's legs over her shoulders and gets right in there, adding wax between her pussy and asshole, she lets it dry, then pulls it off Sally.
"Sally, are you OK dear?"
"It hurt a bit but not to bad, are we done yet?"
"Not yet, but almost, I need you on all fours with your ass in the air."
Sally moves on the table, sticking her ass up. Sally adds wax to a stick then places the hot wax around her brown asshole. Letting it dry, she removes any hair in the area. Moving more up on her ass, she repeats the process. Noticing a few stray hairs, she gets tweezers and pulls out a couple of leftovers. The CAM folks are loving this.
"Sally, I need you on your back please, legs spread very wide."
Sally spreads her legs wide, Harry zooms in a CAM Camera, while Mildred looks over her work, noticing some leftovers, she again gets the tweezers then starts pulling out some of the remaining very blonde pussy hairs.
"All set Sally, you did great. I am going to place a special cream over the area I waxed, so it doesn't get sore later when you have sex with Chad. I will use the cream as part of your massage. Now just relax. I am going to place an eye mask of cucumber over your eyes and ear buds with calming music in your ears. Relax girl."
Mildred is dripping wet from her pussy, she wants so bad to finger fuck herself to an orgasm, but she knows Harry would kill her, as he wants Sally ready soon for the photo-shoot. His roughly 200 CAM audience members are getting their money's worth today, bringing in Harry about $400K just for the CAM portion. It doesn't include the photos or video proceeds he gets out of this girl from his website membership.
Mildred starts adding the cream to Sally's nether region that was just waxed. Sliding her hand over the now smooth labia lips and pussy, she rubs in the cream. She makes sure to hit Sally's clit, as she slides her fingers up her slit.
"UM, that feels good."
Smelling the moistness forming in Sally, changing to a butter cream lotion, Mildred continues going up onto Sally's stomach towards her breasts. Making sure to massage her 32 B's, catching a nipple through her fingers, she tugs on one nipple, then moves to her other breast and repeats the process.
"Mildred, I love you, that feels so good. Please keep going."
Mildred laughs, "Thinking, not sure what Patti gave her but what a difference."
From her breasts, she moves to Sally's neck, massaging her neck, wiping her hands on the table, she moves to her head. Massaging Sally's head, then lightly going over her ears.
Mildred emits a, "WOOPS, WHOA." As Sally's hand hits her pussy then starts to rub over her G-String.
From the phone speaker, Mildred hears Harry's voice, "The CAM Audience is loving your session, I have gotten 10 more viewer requests, you just made an extra $5K gift from me sweetheart. Don't break that Hymen, but have fun. I held off Chad to later tonight."
With Sally still playing with her pussy, "Ttthhhannks Harry and will doooo."
Now that she has more time and Harry's blessing, Mildred removes her G-String then moves closer to Sally, now sucking on one of this girl's breasts. Sucking in a pink nipple into her mouth, she twirls her tongue around the nipple, acting like a vacuum on the breast.
Feeling Mildred closer, not feeling the G-String anymore, Sally inserts 2 fingers into Mildred's moist pussy, rubbing her pussy and clit. Being horny from the waxing, Mildred starts to cum, having a major orgasm.
She starts to yell out, "OH Girl, I know you can't hear me, but keep going, you found my G-Spot and know what a girl wants sexually. Guess you and Renee do play together, that lucky girl. OH Boy, I am cumming, OH I have never had this done to me while giving a girl a wax or a massage. Thank you Sally."
Mildred juices start flowing, as Sally feels the wetness from Mildred on her fingers dripping down her arms. Mildred releases Sally's hand from her pussy, hops on the table and '69's' Sally. Mildred starts sucking on Sally's clit, then sticking her tongue into the virgin but now hairless pussy.
Harry is loving this exchange and remembered the shy girl that was in his study last week. The powder must have had its calming effect, letting down her shyness & inhibitions. Mildred sticks only one finger into Sally's pussy, curling her finger as she tries to locate her G-Spot. Once located, Mildred moves her finger to the left then right, then in clockwise motion, hitting her clit, then moving in Sally's pussy she is back to her G-Spot.
Sally is sucking on Mildred's pussy, sucking in her juices, licking her brown spot, licking her clit. Going wild down there. More then just her & Renee have done. She has no objections to having sex with this girl. Moving her head a little, Sally starts to suck on Mildred's large 38 D natural breasts.
Sally knowing, she is about to cum, tells Mildred, as she grips the sheets, "Mildred, I am about to squirt. That feels so good, keep going please. It feels wonderful."
Mildred speeds up her process, running her hand over Sally's labia lip, then over her clit with a finger still in her pussy.
"OOOOHHH, AAAAHHHH, Mildred, I so love you, OOOOO, that feels so good."
Liquid shoots out from Sally's pussy onto Mildred's face and hands. The private comment section on the 'We Flower CAM' goes wild. Unbeknownst to Mildred 35 more people paid now up to $3,000. each to join the CAM. Word must be getting out among the private audience. Mildred collapses onto Sally, both are exhausted. They both relax for a little bit. Patti and Renee decide to check on Sally, so they head down to the Make-Up/Massage room, finding Mildred on top of Sally.
Patti says, "I guess Mildred gave Sally one hell of a massage, things must have gotten carried away?"
Patti with a small ear bud, located in her ear, hears Harry, "We got many viewers from the two of them playing together. Don't yell at Mildred, I authorized her to play with Sally." Patti looks up to a camera mouthing OK.
Taking the eye mask off Sally, then removing her ear buds. Patti says, "You two will hit the showers after lunch, I am starved. Then Mildred, after lunch, you two will shower, then Sally will have her hair and make-up done by you. She can then change into an outfit, that I picked out for her in the studio."
Mildred and Sally put on matching satin robes, then with Renee they follow Patti to the kitchen, where Harry's personal chef, Andre, placed a large selection of hot food for the four girls to enjoy. The girls are enjoying the fresh shrimp cocktails, crab meat, some oysters, beef tenderloin, fresh salad and some vegetables when Harry pops in to join them. He told the CAM viewers that there will be a 30-minute break.
"So, Sally what do you think so far about modeling for my company? Has it exceeded your expectations? Are you still nervous?"
"Harry, so far it is going great Patti and Mildred have been fantastic. This lunch is above and beyond. So far modeling for your company has been great. However, I haven't been in front of a camera yet or in front of other people or men, so that maybe different. Plus, Mildred mentioned a Chad, I haven't met him yet, so that maybe scary."
Harry continues, "So far, Sally you have been great and I can assume you, giggling/laughing under his breath, the cameras and viewing audience will love you. You will do fine and Chad is a great kid about your age. He will be gentle as possible, breaking your hymen. Girls please finish lunch soon, then hair and make-up."
The four girls finish lunch, Patti & Mildred go over to Andre with each of them giving him a kiss on the lips.
Patti & Mildred both say, "Thanks Andre that was a nice food spread, can't wait to see your dinner creation."
Renee & Sally just wave to Andre saying, "Thanks Andre, that was a very good lunch."
Patti leads them downstairs, so Sally can get showered then get her hair done and make-up and finally dressed.
Mildred and Sally enter the large shower together, 'CAM Cameras are back on', there are shower heads and nozzles all over. The top is like a waterfall, with water pouring down the sides and from the top. The side nozzles are spraying them from the sides. Mildred takes the shower gel and starts to rub it into Sally's body, while Sally does the same to Mildred. The two-start feeling each other up again, when Patti enters the area. Knowing this is all being broadcast and making the company big money.
"We can have play time later tonight, right now, dry off and let's get going. The crew are waiting."
Mildred whispers to Sally, "Everyone needs a party pooper, that's why we didn't invite Patti." The two, then break into laughter.
They dry off putting their robes back on. Mildred brings her into the Make-up area and Sally sits in the specially designed chair. Mildred applies only a little bit of make-up to her face. Mildred then opens up Sally's robe to apply some color, that will highlight Sally's breasts to the camera. Pulling on each nipple, as she applies the special custom make-up onto Sally.
Mildred raises the foot pad on the make-up chair, putting Sally, so she is flat in the chair, then adjusting her robe to the sides, so she can apply more of the special highlight make-up on Sally's pussy. Allowing the formula to dry onto her breasts and up her slit, around her labia, making sure her pussy area is covered. Unbeknownst to Sally, this formula has some aphrodisiac qualities to it. Mildred has Sally go on her side, then applies the special make up formula around her asshole and cheeks. On purpose and by design, it will take about 30 minutes to 45 minutes for the formula to start affecting Sally.
Mildred then brushes out Sally's long straight blonde hair. They decided, to not cut anything off and leave it as is. Sally looking in the mirror, not used to wearing any make up, cannot believe the transition.
Mildred tells her, "Girl you are beautiful, but one final step," a quick kiss on Sally's lips, then she applies bright red lipstick to her lips. "Now Perfecto. You are ready for the dressing room."
Upon hearing Mildred's words about dressing room, Patti re-appears with Renee in tow.
Renee seeing her girlfriend for the first time in a very long time with make-up let alone lipstick gives out a, "loud WHISTLE, GIRL YOU ARE SO HOT, I wish I could take you right here and now. You look beautiful."
Patti chimes in, "You will look great in front of the camera."
Sally says, "I really look that good," as she turns her head towards the mirror, "Yes, I do, thanks Mildred."
Patti leads, with Renee in tow, Sally back upstairs to a dressing area where there are loads of various clothing in there. With the cameras now switched over to the dressing area.
Patti starts to explain her first outfit to Sally, "You are to place the Victoria Secret sheer red bra on first. Then I picked out a matching Red Thong for you. There is a very sheer white blouse for you to put on. Then you are to put on the Red thigh high stockings. Then I have a short miniskirt in black with a zipper on the side, for you to wear. We will finish your outfit with the stiletto high heels. You can sit down in the chair and get dressed."
Renee is looking at her friend, noticing the glassy eye look on her face, she says to Sally, "I love the outfit that Patti picked out for you. You are so lucky to be at Harry's mansion vs. the apartment that I filmed in. I am so excited for you. You look relaxed and will do great. Good luck my dear friend, I am here for you."
Sally is barely hearing Patti or Renee talking, as the aphrodisiac qualities of the formula are starting to take over her body and she is starting to feel very relaxed and extremely horny.
The end of Part 1.
Comments are appreciated, as well as your votes. Thank you.