Back in the 90s I found myself single, in my 30s and rattling around in a house that was definitely too big for one man and his music collection. When it became obvious that my girlfriend had definitely moved out (and moved in with one of my mates), the obvious thing was to get someone else in to share. I didn't want a friend to move in - I needed someone to chip in with the bills and whose rent would help with the mortgage, and friendships can go sour once there's a rental agreement in place. There was a university not too far away, so I contacted their accommodation office and, after a couple of minor improvements at my place, my spare bedroom was available to single postgraduate students.
I was living in what was technically a 3 bedroom house. The main bedroom, which I used, had an en suite bathroom. The second bedroom was a decent size, and there was a separate bathroom, plus what was optimistically described as a 3rd bedroom which I kept meaning to set up as a study but never quite got around to. Anyway, with a lock on the second bedroom my lodger got a decent amount of privacy plus their own bathroom, which was a pretty good deal.
I let the room to a postgraduate called Angela, who was a quiet, studious type in her mid 20s. She wasn't unattractive, but not really my type. We got on pretty well, though, and occasionally took turns cooking dinner for each other. A few weeks into the autumn term she asked if a friend could stay for the weekend and I said was fine with it. I set up a folding bed in the spare bedroom and I really wasn't expecting anything more than a bit of giggling, girly chat to disturb the peace.
Enter hurricane Linzi.
I came home on Friday evening and found that Linzi had already arrived and the two women were in the lounge. She was the complete opposite of Angela - she had left school at 17 and become a hairdresser, and was (I thought) loud and shallow where her friend was quiet and deep. She wasn't that much of a looker, although she made the best of what she had; frizzy auburn hair, smallish boobs and a slightly chunky body. She also had a loud voice and an extremely dirty laugh, which I heard a lot as they had already polished off a bottle of wine. I disappeared upstairs for a shower and the girls had a curry delivered, and while we ate it Linzi treated us to a detailed description of every pub and club that she'd got drunk in, which was basically every pub and club in her home town, although I did get slightly interested when most of her stories seemed to end up with her flashing her boobs or doing a streak.
Later on I let the girls talk me into going out for a couple of drinks with them, which inevitably turned into several drinks as Linzi kept wondering what the next pub would be like. True to her stories, she flashed her boobs extremely briefly in one of the pubs where we had a corner table and Angela dared her to do it - I saw almost nothing, but they were both in fits of giggles for about 20 minutes afterwards. As I suspected, she wasn't wearing a bra, but that was about all I got to see when she very briefly lifted her top. Shortly afterwards it was closing time, and while we were lurching home Linzi suddenly announced that she was bursting for a pee, squatted down, lifted her skirt and let go into the gutter. She wasn't wearing any knickers and I was treated to a nice view of her bare bum for a couple of minutes, before she stood up and carried on as though nothing had happened. "You still go commando, then?" said Angela, and Linzi replied that it made having a quick pee much easier and she also liked to feel the breeze. More giggling from the girls, and suddenly my cock was straining inside my jeans. I asked her if she always went knickerless and she replied that it depended on what she was wearing, but that usually did.
We eventually made it home and turned in, and as I drifted off with happy thoughts of the exhibitionist antics of a woman 10 years younger than me. It was probably just the drink, and she'd be mortified in the morning, but it had been fun and my sex life had been pretty much non existent for the last few months so it had put a smile on my face and a bulge in my jeans.
The next morning I woke up with a thick head and hoped I hadn't said or done anything too embarrassing the night before. I had a shave and a shower, pulled some clothes on and went down to sort out some coffee and maybe a bit of breakfast. The first thing I saw was a slightly dishevelled looking Linzi, stark naked with a towel over her arm, waiting to get into the bathroom. "Oops! I thought you had already got up and gone out!" she said, but didn't make any effort to cover herself up. "That's OK" I replied, and she said that I'd already seen it anyway, although it was my first glimpse of her neatly trimmed bush and I hadn't really seen much the previous evening. I asked her if she wanted coffee and headed downstairs. I heard the bathroom door open followed by more giggles from Linzi and Angela, who clearly were more amused than embarrassed. I decided that I could get used to this.
A bit later both girls came down, Angela fully dressed and Linzi in a baggy t shirt that came about halfway down her thighs, which I was pretty sure was the only thing was wearing. I drank my coffee with the kind of semi hard on that you get with a hangover, helped by the sight of Linzi's nipples pushing their way through her top. I had arranged to meet up with a couple of mates at the gym and the girls were going out shopping, so I didn't see them for most of the day.
The girls got back at about 5.00, and we decided to have pizza delivered. Linzi had bought a new pair of knee length boots that she wanted to try on, and while we were waiting she got them out of the box and - with a certain amount of effort - pulled the first one on. She was sitting opposite me, which meant that I got a perfect view up her skirt and yes, she was knickerless again. I enjoyed the view but thought that I should let her know how much she was showing. She wasn't fazed at all and explained that she hadn't brought any underwear with her. I replied that I was cool with that, just as long as she wasn't embarrassing herself, which got another dirty laugh - she was never embarrassed by nudity, either her own or other peoples', which Angela happily confirmed.
Linzi would usually be topless on a regular beach, nude on a topless beach and really wanted all her friends to get naked with her. The boots looked good on her and I told her so - her skirt was just below knee length, and knowing that she was bare underneath made the effect even sexier. She disappeared for a couple of minutes and when she came down she lifted the side of her skirt to show that she was now wearing grip top stockings as well. At this point I nearly came in my pants, and this time it was definitely a deliberate tease. Shortly afterwards the pizzas arrived, we ate and again went our separate ways, the girls to a party with one of Angela's student friends and I was off to the cinema with my usual crowd.
I was already drifting off to sleep when the girls got back at about 2.30, and didn't see either of them until the next morning. I was having a bit of quality time with the Sunday papers when Angela came down in her pyjamas and dressing gown and started sorting out some breakfast, and I was pleasantly surprised when Linzi came down about 20 minutes later completely starkers. She explained that she was normally naked at home, and hoped that I wouldn't mind, but after the last couple of days it seemed pointless to cover up any more. I managed to stay outwardly cool and said that it was OK with me. It was slightly surreal, with me fully dressed, Angela covered up in PJs and a dressing gown and Linzi completely nude, but she was so at ease that I soon got as used to it as was possible in the circumstances. Angela got dressed shortly after breakfast but, true to her word, Linzi didn't bother to put anything on and we sat around idly reading the papers, half watching the TV and occasionally chatting.
Linzi asked about sunbathing in the back garden, and I explained that it was reasonably private but I couldn't guarantee that nobody could see. It wasn't particularly warm - it was the kind of sunny October day that can be really nice if you're in a sheltered spot - but she did nip out for a few minutes just to feel the breeze on her skin, which also made her nipples extremely hard. At about 2.30 Angela put together a late lunch, and after helping with the washing up Linzi got her stuff together to go. I drove the girls to the station and got one more (probably accidental) up skirt flash in the rear view mirror. On the way back Angela said that she hoped Linzi hadn't been too over the top, and I said that while she was a real character I had enjoyed her visit, and that she would be welcome to come again. Angela seemed quite relieved, and told me that Linzi liked me and probably would visit again. I didn't say anything, but having a naked girl about the place was definitely something to look forward to.