Editor's note: this story contains scenes of non-consensual or reluctant sex.
***
I bought a new pair of Fluevog boots in Boston in April whilst on a business trip, they were well over $400, you can't get Fluevogs here in the UK.
I wore them out that evening whilst eating & drinking with colleagues. I got a little tipsy!
When I got back to my room, I undressed but left the boots on, inserted my butt plug & phoned my husband in the UK. I told him I'd bought some expensive boots & that I was wearing them whilst talking to him otherwise naked. He requested photos.
The mirror in my room wasn't long enough. Being drunk & figuring it was nearly 2.00am, I went into the corridor & took the pics in the mirror outside the elevator in the hotel.
I was surprised by a large but elderly man in a bathrobe rounding the corner, he was carrying an ice bucket looking for the ice machine. He must have been 6'3" and 230lb. Short grey hair and an impressive grey beard.
He gestured me to be quiet and stay still. He walked behind me and reached round to grope my breasts and pinch my nipples then groped my ass for a minute. He put the fingers of one hand then the other in my mouth and told me to "get them good and wet girl". He thrust three fingers straight into my pussy and was about to do the same to my ass with the other hand when he discovered my butt plug. It didn't deter him, he pulled it out and pushed it into my mouth then resumed his assault on my ass for a minute. I was so turned on I reached into his gown for his cock. It was very large but barely semi erect. I came right there in the Hotel corridor, my knees buckled.
He went and filled his ice bucket up then grabbed both my wrists in one hand behind my back and marched me down to the far end of the corridor to his suite.
He threw me onto his sofa which was immediately by the door and went into his bedroom, returning with his cellphone.
He made me pose all over his suite in my boots, re-inserting my butt plug in front of the window overlooking Copley Square. Even at that time, I'm certain I was spotted. I was feeling very good and horny. I danced and twerked and shimmied and posed.
He got me to sit in a small arm chair with a leg over each arm so I was totally spread, he then made me insert a banana in my cunt and fuck myself with it till I came in front of him while he videoed me. He pushed ice cubes in my ass and pussy and made me rub my nipples with ice cubes before he sucked hard on them. The cold and warmth was divine.
As all this unfolded, his cock was sticking out from his robe, getting progressively bigger, harder and redder. I told him I wanted his cock but he ignored me.
He told me to peel the banana and slip it in my pussy.
He then sat down in the middle of his sofa and patted his lap so I lay across his lap with my ass up & told him to spank me as I was a bad girl.
He spanked me hard till I begged him to stop then I made him lay on the sofa so I could sit on his face. He ate the banana out of me and continued to suck my clit as he played with the plug in my ass. I came so hard, begging him to fuck me.
He pushed me off him, dragging me across his suite over to the dining table and bent me over the table, shedding his robe as he did.
Finally he penetrated my pussy, hard. No tenderness or gentleness or finesse but it was what I needed. Rough, dirty sex. He was massive.
He pounded my sloppy pussy for a good ten minutes, hard, fast, relentless. He slapped my ass cheeks, and played with the plug as I diddled my clit till I came.
As soon as I'd come down from my climax, I felt the plug being removed and he penetrated my ass with his huge member. Again he pounded my ass as hard as he just had done my cunt. He reached around and slid three large fingers into me and frigged my cunt till I came once more.
While I was still recovering, he withdrew from my ass and re-entered my pussy. He then withdrew and told me he wanted me to suck him off.
I knelt in front of him and for the first time since he'd reached full mast, handled his impressive member. I couldn't get my fists round it. Which both hands around his shaft, a good few inches were still a good few inches for me to suckle on as I pumped his cock. He tasted of my pussy juice and banana!
I cupped his balls, they were big, heavy and full. I lifted his shaft up to allow me access to suck them but could only fit one at a time in my mouth.
I wanted to delight, surprise and please him so I stood up and led him by his cock back to the sofa where I lay full length on my back with my head hanging over the end. I told him to fuck my throat and opened wide.
Standing behind and over me, he fed his cock into my mouth, I reached behind for his butt cheeks so I could guide and control the rate at which he entered my throat.
I relaxed my throat and let him glide in till his balls were resting on either side of the bridge of my nose. He withdrew almost completely and then slid back in, repeating gradually faster with each thrust till he was properly fucking my throat. He reached forward to squeeze my breast and pinch my nipples. I raised and scissored my legs wide and straight and jammed fingers into my cunt and rubbed my clit. I came once again and seeing his ball sac contract, new my unnamed lover was about to cum too.
As I came, he left his cock deep in my throat and rubbed my throat, savouring the feeling of my muffled howls on his cock. I started to feel feint as he withdrew.
He dragged me from the sofa so I was once again kneeling in front of him and he told me to finish him off, he was close.
I pleasured his cockhead and shaft furiously with my mouth, tongue, lips and both hands, caressing his balls, slapping my face with it, rubbing it over my breasts and nipples. Talking dirty when it wasn't in my mouth.
His first massive spurt took me by surprise and painted my face and hair. I pulled him towards my open mouth and caressed his head with my tongue for the second and third spurts till my mouth was full.
I directed the fourth fifth and sixth equally large spurts over my face and breasts, jerking him till he was spent. It was like I'd been bukkaked by at least three men
I opened my mouth wide to show him how much of his cum was in my mouth before I swallowed sand licked my lips. I then cleaned him up with my tongue, stood up and was about to go to clean up in his bathroom when he spun me round, opened his door and escorted me into the corridor.
He smeared his cum all over my face and breasts then wiped the excess from his hands on my ass, pussy, including sliding a cum covered fingers inside my pussy then finally wiping them dry in my hair.
Without saying a word he went back in his room and closed the door leaving me alone, naked except for my boots and covered in cum to walk the length of the hotel to my room at 4.00 am.
When I got to my room I lay on my bed and made myself cum again as I scooped all his cum from me and sucked on my fingers.
Emily x