"Now, let me show you how to suck his cock and eat his pussy"
I was still trembling from my last orgasm when Daddy kneeled in front of me and, gently grasping my hips, guided me forward until my ass rested on the edge of the coffee table. My legs ached and shook from holding them propped up and spread open, so I stretched them out, straight up in the air, then brought them down to rest my feet on the floor. I folded my arms behind my head so I could make eye contact with Daddy. Over the top of his head I could see a dozen men watching us, lounging on the couches and sprawled over chairs. Some had their hands in their laps, teasing their cocks through their pants. A few had their cocks out already, openly stroking themselves as they watched us put on our little demonstration. And in the love seat, one guy was playing with his own cock and stroking his boyfriend's at the same time. I vaguely recognized him, he and Daddy swam at the same gym. I think the four of us had brunch together once or something.
*************
All these men were draping themselves over Daddy's tasteful furniture and watching him spread my legs because of me. When we'd started dating 6 months ago, I'd told Daddy I'm not stealth, he was welcome to talk about me being trans whenever it came up with his friends. And since he loved sex, and loved talking about sex, I guess it came up a lot. Many of them had never been with a trans guy, but found the possibility intriguing—they'd seen porn, watched trans guys play at the bathhouse, or heard friends (including, apparently, Daddy himself) rave about how much they'd come to love boy pussy. And now they'd come to try it—me--for themselves.
Then a few weeks ago, Daddy had me tied up and blindfolded, and told me to talk dirty for him while he ate me out. He asked me to tell him a fantasy I'd never gotten to act out before. In retrospect I think he was looking for something he could plan for the two of us. I don't know why, but I immediately blurted out one of my most lost-standing masturbation fantasies: I'm blindfolded & tied to a bed again, but instead of just my Daddy, a series of men come through to fuck me. 1, 2, 3 at a time. They tell me what a good little cumslut I am and how amazing my pussy feels while they take turns plowing my hole, leaving load after load inside me.
Daddy sucked harder as I went on, bobbing his head up and down my shaft to make me feel big in his mouth.
"They're, like, experimenting with me. Feeling all over my body, spreading my pussy open and feeling inside with their fingers, telling me to squeeze and release on their cocks. Like they've never seen anything like it before. And they're all just...this is my fantasy, so they're all really into it. Telling me my puss feels incredible. Fighting over who's turn it is to fuck me next. They have me suck their dicks while they're waiting, but they all want to come in my pussy, they won't let me get them off any other way. I've been jerking off to that since like before I came out."
I remember the little pop as my cock escaped from between his lips "I could make that happen. A lot of guys have told me they want to fuck you."
"So where are they? Why aren't I getting gang banged right now?"I teased. I couldn't tell if he was serious or just trying to make the fantasy feel real.
He sighed. "They're just cowards. They think you're hot, and they're curious about trans guys, but they're scared they won't know what to do or they'll be bad at it, and they talk themselves out of it."
"Oh grow UP. Do they want to take a fucking class first or something?"
Daddy smiled. "Well, I do love teaching applied classes"
***********
By the time I settled back down on the coffee table, Daddy already had his coat and sweater off. He was unbuttoning his shirt—first the cuffs, then down from the collar, throwing that aside too. Compared to my all-over fur, his body has a more refined masculinity: lines shaped by toned muscle, smooth shoulders and back, a treasure trail leading from his navel down into the waistband of his pants.
"I can't help blocking the view from here on out, so if you want to watch, come stand around us in a circle" There was a shuffling of chairs and feet as nearly everyone got up and stood over me. A few guys simply turned their chairs or leaned in to listen, but at least 8 men were now jostling to find a spot around where my body was laid out on the low, sturdy table, or flanking Daddy and peering over his shoulder. From my position so. Near the ground they loomed, faces in shadow. Two or three hard cocks were backlit by the overhead light, hands moving across them lazily in shadow.
"Andy tells me every guy on Grindr opens by asking to suck his cock. I don't know if they're just being friendly, or love sucking trans cock in particular, but I've seen his DMs, it's true. And they're right, it's hot. Especially with the multiple orgasm/low refractory time, you can make him come in your mouth a few times & it later it'll beeasierfor him to come while you fuck or fist him. In terms of technique, like I said, the lips here (he runs a fingertip down my slick labia, shaved smooth & covered in my own precum) arethe same tissue that becomes the scrotum on us. Very sensitive, but not as directly erotic as the cock. And of course, without balls, not as delicate. A good place to start some teasing, keep him waiting"
He began kissing up the inside of my thigh, slowly approaching my pussy. I felt his breath before his lips, warm and humid against my too-bare skin. He took in a deep breath, smelling the musk of my body. It's the mushroomy, earthy sweat smell all guys have, but mixed with something a little sharper. My exposed flesh felt cool in the gentle breeze of air flowing into his mouth and nose, then meltingly hot and electric as he connected with the sensitive folds flanking my opening. His tongue was teasing, flicking, firm and determined as it glided up one side, then the other, stopping just short of my cock itself. Ever so carefully, he took one lip between his teeth and tugged, stretching it to full length & released. "Be gentle, but not too gentle. He'll yelp if you bite too hard. Now let's start with the underside of his cock and work to the tip"
I know it's just a couple of inches at most, but he somehow stretched time to run his tongue from the root of my cock up, ever so slowly, until the tip of his tongue flicked the tip of my head. The two were close in size and shape as he reached it out to tease me. Somehow that surprised me. I'm used to seeing his cock towering over mine, but his tongue, stretched out to tease me ever so lightly, was more of an equal. Being a little stoned, I was wondering whether there was something interesting about that, trying to divine some meaning or self-revelation when—
"And you can swallow the whole thing in one bite"
—His lips parted just enough to press me between them, and he sucked hard,pullingthe full length my cock into his hot, wet mouth. He held it for a moment, sucking like it was a lollipop with a treat inside. I thought I was already as hard as could be, but I could feel myself swelling in his mouth, the suction pulling more blood in, making my cock expand for him as though he were pumping it with a vacuum. Without releasing the seal, he pulled his head back ever so slowly. The kiss of his lips against my body gave way to the sensation of the tight ring of his mouth sliding up my little shaft. At the edge of my foreskin he stopped, flicking the head again with the tip of his tongue, except this time he held me firmly between his lips. My cocklet couldn't bounce away, and the little tongue-lashes slapping into it connected more firmly. After a few excruciating seconds he pulled back a hair farther, and I popped out of his mouth.
"His pussy's nice and tight on the inside, but the opening to these things is a little pre-gaped compared to an asshole. You can get your tongue in there and taste him, get those juices everywhere and mix in some spit. Eat it like you're trying to get the last bit out of a jello shot. Jonathan, would you pass those around so the boys can follow along?"
One of the last guys on a couch, a lanky 27 year old with beautiful dark eyes, strode over to the bar separating kitchen from living room and took a tray of pink jello shooters off the spread of refreshments. I watch as most of the men gathered around me take one of the little shot glasses and seal their lips around the rim, straining obscenely to lick out the filling
My eyes go wide involuntarily as a new part of his body penetrates mine. The teasing, probing, stretching, flattening, flexible probe of his tongue inside me always made me think of the tentacle porn I'd gotten really into as a teen—the sense that my body was being explored by something weirder than human hands, able to move in unexpected, pleasurable ways. The resonance was strengthened by the light flit of fingers and hands starting up all over my body as Daddy's students got braver. The men who'd gathered close to watch were eager to join in, and they'd started gently, tentatively touching my body, while looking to both Daddy and I for permission to go farther. Daddy was busy, trying to see how deep inside me he could taste, so I let a wry smile creep across my dazed face and, looking around at the men looming over me, nodded. Almost instantly, their touches became more insistent, more invasive. There wasn't any malice, but I felt their intense hunger—like each man wanted to fuck me until he'd exhausted up both. But there was only one of me and a dozen of them. They ran over my shoulders and across my pecs, began gently twisting my nipples, exactly the way Daddy had just shown them. Hands ran over the flat expanse of my stomach, groping whatever part of me was available after the choice cuts were taken. Hands pressed flat against my inner thighs and grabbed my calves, pulling me open wide for Daddy.
Daddy was unbuttoning his pants as he worked, freeing his cock as they fell to the floor. He pulled his tongue out of my pussy, and grinned at the enthusiastic way his students were participating in his little class. But he loves being the center of attention, so in a clear voice he announced he needed some pussy juice to lube up his cock while he eats me out. He said I was loose enough now to take three fingers at a time easily, four if he wanted to push it, but he wouldn't yet—he wanted to keep me nice and tight for our guests, so he'd just dip his fingers back in my hole one by one—including his thumb—to get them all nice and wet. He did it while he was talking, pressing each finger deep in its turn, twisting a little, making sure it emerged slick to the knuckle.
I watched with open lust as his dominant hand wrapped around his thick, hard cock and began slow, firm strokes up the shaft. At the same time, seeing an opportunity, two of the men flanking me made eye contact & each lifted one of my hands to their own cock, wrapping my smaller fingers around their own dicks. The skin was like velvet draped over steel. As I pulled my fist along the length of each shaft, the cocks—one longer with a cute little upturn, the other so thick I could barely get my thumb and forefinger to touch wrapped around it—were an unmoveable force, rigid and hot. But the skin was silky and supple, gliding easily over the hard rods within.
Back between my legs, Daddy was now stroking his cock more urgently, with steady quick strokes. "Lift his legs up for me, would you boys?"
Before I knew what had happened, the hands gripping my calves slid down to my ankles and grabbed tight, hoisting them up.
"Perfect, hold him up and open like that. I need more lube"
They stood, each holding an ankle under one arm so my legs made an obscenely wide V in the air. Daddy straightened up from where he'd been leaning over my groin, and slapped the heavy weight of his hard cock down on mine. A jolt of electricity shot from my cock head into my pussy, down the inside of my thighs and up my spine all at once.
Daddy likes to tease my cock with his before fucking me. Sometimes he'll pull out just to draw things out and make me beg, frotting the thick mushroom head of his dick against the whole length of my much smaller cock. He did this now, rubbing his shaft between my lips while drawing little circles with the head. I tried to match his motions with my hips, hoping I could catch the tip inside me and tempt him into fucking me right here and now. I tilted my neck up to hold his eye contact.
"Daddy...please...please let me have your cock. Show them how to fuck your boy...your good boy..." He was SO close, I could feel him sliding frictionless against my unprotected hole. For good measure, I kept up stroking the two cocks I was holding.
"Oh you want that huh? I bet you'd do anything for it" He was poised right outside my opening, thick head spreading my lips open, blocking the cave like the rock in front of Jesus' tomb.
The big bear of a guy standing directly opposite Daddy, looming over my face, was stroking an equally impressive cock.
Daddy pressed half an inch into me.
"Come in my mouth, and make Brian come down your pretty little throat. Then we can talk."
Before I could answer directly, Brian was dropping to kneel in front of the coffee table, anticipating my inevitable capitulation. I leaned my head back and opened my mouth, creating a straight channel down my throat so he could fuck my face. He didn't hesitate. He slid his cock past my lips and tongue without preamble.
In perfect synchrony, Daddy pushed his cock deep inside me, until Brian's body met my lips at the same moment Daddy bottomed out in my pussy. For a perfect moment I was strung between the two of them, lying on my back, shoved full of cocks from both ends, with two more in hand. Heaven.
Then Brian pulled nearly all the way out, ever so slowly, to let me catch my breath with his cock resting gently between my lips. At the same time Daddy pulled out until his cock slipped out of my sopping wet pussy altogether. I couldn't see his face anymore—I couldn't see much of anything except Brian's shaft, and his balls on my forehead—but I could hear Daddy smirk as he said 'Just needed more lube.' I was livid. I was dying. I NEEDED his cock back inside me.
But Daddy always keeps his promises. All I had to do was come again while he blew me, and get Brian to shoot a load down my throat. I could be a good boy for him, put on a good show, and earn his cock in no time. Daddy went from kneeling to fuck me back into a comfortable cocksucking position. With my legs still suspended by helpful strangers, I could relax all the muscles in my body. For a moment I paused on stroking the cocks in my hands while I focused on breathing deep and opening my throat to the man fucking it. I let my aching thigh muscles go slack, knowing Daddy's helpers would keep me open wide for him. The only part of myself I actively moved was my tongue, massaging Brian's shaft in firm, undulating motions as he picked up speed.
Daddy just watched for a moment, stroking his cock and watching all his friends stroke my body & begin taking my holes. He told me later it was beautiful, my writhing need, their urgent pawing, Brian's skilled, forceful thrusting.
Daddy slid a finger back into my pussy and I nearly cried with gratitude. It wasn't enough—not after getting a taste of his raw, throbbing cock—but I squeezed down as hard as I could with grateful little Kegel hugs as he brought his lips back to my cock. Another stranger's hand, looking to get involved somehow, held the base of my cock up for him. He grabbed it between thumb and forefinger, and pumped me into Daddy's mouth with hard, firm little strokes.
Daddy tickled my g-spot with his finger and my internal muscles gave a less controlled shudder.
"Oh greedy boy, you're gonna come again, aren't you? You're gonna come with your cock in my mouth and another down your throat? You're ready to be used all night. You're dying for it, aren't you?"
I had to wait for Brian to pull out a bit to grunt assent from around his shaft.
"Well go on, be a good boy, come for me while he fucks your face."
Daddy slipped a second finger in to beckon my g-spot & returned to sucking me off. I could feel my juices dripping down over my asshole, and the knuckles of Daddy's hand pressed temptingly into my third hole. Brian was getting close too. I gasping for breath between hard, fast strokes now; he wasn't being very careful about giving me time for air. And my cock felt so hard and thick in Daddy's mouth, I could've sworn it had grown to match all the others around me. Daddy began to suck it hard while flicking the head with his tongue again, holding my shaft between his teeth with just enough pressure to add a hint of pain.
I tried to moan around the dick in my throat, but it was too deep. My legs started to shake uncontrollably, but Daddy's helpers held fast. My hips bucked, but Daddy wouldn't be thrown off so easily. And I sucked back, drawing Brian's cock as deep down my throat as I could and holding it there, swallowing it, massaging him with the muscles of my throat as I came and came and came. I could feel my cock twitching against Daddy's lips. I felt my pussy clench so tight I squeezed his fingers out, and he had to re-penetrate me with enough delicious force to pry me open.
Brian's cock swelled dramatically and pulsed in my mouth. He was too deep for me to taste it, or do anything but swallow the load he shot straight into my stomach. One, two, three, four, five spurts of semen poured into me as I literally sucked him dry. In my stoned haze the sensation of sucking cock mixed with getting sucked, and I felt like it was my own cum shooting into Daddy's persistent mouth.
Only when Brian pulled out did I taste a drop of him, surprisingly sweet. His drooling cock left a little trail from my lips across my cheek as his cock fell from my mouth, spent. I wasn't sure if I was done coming—it felt like I might never be done coming—but Daddy pulled me out of his mouth, knowing I'd be insatiable now for hours and I'd need to catch my breath before the next orgasm. The boys holding my legs eased them back to the ground. I looked up at Daddy, and he was grinning--half his face slick with my clear pussy-cum.
"Good boy! You were so good, wasn't he?"
He didn't wait for confirmation, although the men gathered around grunted in agreement.
"Now get on your knees, slut. I'm going to fuck you. You earned it."