If you are under 18 years of age, kindly leave and do not read any further. All individuals in my tales, both real and fictitious, are themselves, over the age of 18 years old.
* * *
You could not be blamed if you initially thought this story might be about the taking of a young lady's virginity, but in this relating of something that actually happened to me, that is not the case. It is the tale of taking what I thought was a shy, Asian young lady and turning her into my sexual pet. As it turned out, she was far from being a virgin and equally as far from being shy. How we kid ourselves sometimes.
A little background to begin with will help you to make some sense of the circumstances. As it is, I have a career with which I travel extensively and it is centred around a certain city on the west coast. One of the perks of my position is that I can live anywhere that I wish, with the only requirement being that I make my way to the west coast to begin each of my assignments. Simple and pleasurable to me. I live where I prefer to and work out of a very nice city that I love, but do not wish to live in full time.
This arrangement requires that I spend many days a month in the city and sometimes I'll stay there as well during days off, depending on what is going on in my life. Complicated perhaps for some, but perfect for me. I prefer to stay at a hotel when I am in the city and have come to have a few that I use as my residence. I am well known to the staff and of course... that has its pros and cons. And so the story begins.
***
I had gotten in quite late the night before and was enjoying sleeping-in a bit, because I had the day off. The room was cool and while not dark now, it was still nicely suitable for dozing and enjoying the crisp sheets on the king-size bed. I'd had a great sleep and was just laying there, inching my way towards getting up. The Do-Not-Disturb sign hung on the door, as it always did when I was in residence. What was missing, though, was the chain that gave that final bit of security from errant hotel staff or mistakes with keys by the front desk. It was not like me to forget the chain, but I was exhausted when I arrived.
I heard the card key and the click of the lock. The door opened and more light streamed in from the hallway. A bit shocked by this intrusion, I called out, "Hello," to let whomever was there know that the room was occupied.
A round face, framed in jet black hair, peaked around the corner of the short hallway and I recognized her immediately.
"Oh, Captain!" she said feigning surprise.
Not knowing what to really address me as, they all referred to me like this because of the uniform I wore. She was one of the housekeepers that always took care of my room.
"Violet, how are you?" I said trying to ease her poor attempt at discomfort. "My apologies... you've caught me sleeping in a bit."
She came right around the corner when she saw my reaction and stood at the foot of the bed.
"I can come back. I am sorry to have disturbed you!"
"That would probably be best," I laughed. "You wouldn't want to know what I sleep in I'm sure."
But, instead of leaving, Violet actually sat down on the foot of the bed and just looked at me. Awkward to say the least, but I chalked it up to a little cultural difference. I had known her to say hi to when we passed in the hallways. She had been cleaning and tidying my room for 3 years now and I had always appreciated the attention she gave to the details of her job, making my room always perfect for me.
She was attractive and although I have trouble estimating the age of many of the Asian folks I encounter, I knew Violet was well out of her teens, but was she late twenties or early thirties... who could tell? She was tall, perhaps 5'7" or thereabouts and willowy. Attractive features making her more than simply pretty. I had never seen her without the standard issued slacks and short smock, but I would have given her breasts as being slightly less than average in size and a derriere that was more than just shapely. I had wondered a number of times what she looked like when she was away from her work and dressed in her own clothes.
I was getting the feeling that she had not found herself in my room by some innocent accident. The air was thick, as they say, with the an unspoken question. My fear was, that something inappropriate was on the verge of happening and winding up with her in my bed for little more than a quick fuck. She gets screwed (literally), then feels guilt and it messes things up for me in the hotel. Not something I wanted.
No. That was the last thing that I wanted. However, I admired her courage to stage this little encounter and I was more than a little curious to know what she was thinking. I had never been with an Asian woman before and I had more than my share of fantasies of what that might be like. They make up a large portion of the city's population here and they are always beautifully dressed and carry themselves with confidence and a sexiness that can't be ignored!
Okay... so what happened? All these words and nobody has gotten anybody into the sack or even out of their clothes (except for me, but I stayed under the sheets) yet? It started rather tentatively, but it picked up speed after that.
"Are you okay, Violet?" I asked as she sat there just looking at me.
"I'm okay," she said with a slight blush, "but I want to talk to you about something..."
I looked at her for a few moments; not sure if I wanted to have this conversation. Funny, I couldn't be sure how old she exactly was, but I could read the vibes and I knew she was not trying to complain about something she thought I did or perhaps said. That wasn't the vibe at all.
"You kinda have me at a disadvantage here. I'd love to talk to you about whatever it is you are trying to tell me, but this might look a little odd if another person comes through that door."
She reached out and started rubbing my foot through the sheets. I was trying to stop something before it got started.
"I have an idea," I said. "What time do you finish work?"
"Four."
"Okay... why don't we meet for a coffee when your day is done and you can tell me what's on your mind?"
She stroked my foot a little bit firmer as her hand found the base of my toes. I didn't move my foot away, because I was quite enjoying what she was doing. If she was trying to get into my bed with me, I was weakening and trying hard to avoid that happening. My next fear was the erection I was starting to get. That was really going to turn this more sexual than it already was.
"I have to go downtown for a little while, would there be some place down there we could meet?"
She looked up at me and with a sudden change in her demeanour she smiled.
"I know the perfect little spot!"
***
I was sitting at a table outside on their patio, sipping a nice cappuccino, when Violet arrived. I could not believe my eyes!
She looked nothing like she did around the hotel. Her makeup was done and she had on tight pants and a loose fitting top that had huge arm holes and showed the entire outer side of each of her tits. I had thought that she was perhaps a little smaller than average... I could now say that she was a lovely C cup, perhaps even a D. I was loving the view! Her pants were tight and clung to every crease and cranny. They were tightly fit at her ankles --in fact, I don't know how she even got them on and off!
One of the things that I am a complete sucker for are nice women's feet. Asian women have some of the most gorgeous feet I have ever seen and they put most other women to shame. Whenever I walk by the pedicure parlours they are almost always run by Asians. The seats are usually full... with Asian women. More than other cultures, the Asians seem to put an awful lot of pride into having beautiful, sexy feet. Dear Violet's feet were gorgeous! She displayed them in strappy high heels and she noticed me staring at them almost immediately. Wow! To think that this gorgeous woman had been cleaning my room and saying good morning to me for 3 years and I had barely noticed her. I subtly shook my head.
"Violet!" I said cheerily as she approached and sat down. "What would you like to drink?"
She had ordered as she arrived and while we were just having a few pleasantries, they brought her drink out. It was getting close to the supper hour and luckily we had almost the entire patio to ourselves. I was the one to bring up our little encounter in my room earlier and asked if she wanted to continue the conversation we didn't have as she sat on my bed rubbing my foot. She looked at me and smiled coyly.
"I watch you coming and going all the time," she began, "and I like you very much. You're always respectful to everyone and you're clean and I like that. I laugh at you sometimes. You remind me of that detective on TV, that Hercule Poirot... fussy with your things!" She giggled a little.
I sat and listened. I liked the flattery, even the part of Poirot. But, as she was talking, I could not keep my eyes off of her. I didn't want to get involved with anyone at the places where I stay, but Violet was breaking down my defences with a wrecking ball! She leaned in closer to me and I could smell her perfume.
"I want to ask you something," she said in a quieter voice as she put her hand on my knee.
I could have been funny in the moment, but I resisted for fear of making her feel belittled. There was a significant age difference between us and the last thing I wanted her to think was that I was dismissing her or trying to put her off. This young lady was serious in whatever it was she wanted and I was serious about wanting to see more of what she was only half displaying with the top she'd worn.
"I have watched you and I see the side of you that you keep hidden from people. I see and I know... you are not the first man I have met that sends these little secret messages."
I looked at her now. I was a bit more serious, because I didn't know where she was going with this.
"Violet... I have no clue what you are getting at nor some secret messages you say I'm sending out."
"You can be yourself with me," she said in her quieter tone of voice. "I understand you and now I want you to understand me."
I swallowed involuntarily and looked at her.
"What on earth are you talking about, Violet?"
I felt like I was watching a slow motion opening to a movie with a train wreck, but the opening music just wouldn't stop playing This sweet thing was talking in riddles and dragging this out like she was about to tell me the truth about the Catholic Church or something. Without a word of a lie... this is how it began.
"You train women to serve you... to be your sluts. You fuck them, you culture them, you teach them how to serve you. I know about what kinds of parties you go to and the kinds of friends you have."
This had the potential to get very ugly except were it not for the way Violet kept stroking my leg as she whispered out this description of me.
"Violet... I..."
"I know who you are and your other reputation, Captain."
"Oh God... please Violet, stop calling me that!" Now I was whispering in conspiratorial tones. "Call me St. John... that's my name."
"I like that, but I think I would rather call you Sir --if you know what I mean..."
As this exchange was going on, I was racking my brains trying to figure out who Violet could have been talking to. I had always kept my pleasure away from the hotels where I stayed and to the best of my knowledge, Violet could not have possibly known any of the friends I rubbed shoulders with. Obviously, she knew something. She was adamant that she knew the real me and she wanted something from me.
I sat looking at her, trying to think how this lovely young lady had become so sure of what she thought she knew and what she could possibly want poking around my lifestyle. She seemed too young to want to get mixed up in my very sexually grown up world. My people play a hard game and it's not for the average person or couple.
What worried me were the two possibilities I was always on guard against... more than a little histrionic traits in her personality or an indiscreet and immature trouble maker. The world is stinkingly ripe with the self-righteous and they scared me enough to ensure I was always looking out for them. What I knew of Violet, from being around her at the hotel, I would say that the first concern was unlikely to be a problem. The second, however, was going to require more probing.
"Okay. Let's say I ask you a few questions and then we can continue this conversation if you answer to my satisfaction. Agreed?" I asked.
"All right."
"Violet, how old are you?"
"28," she stated quite respectfully.
"Are you married or have a serious boyfriend?"
"Pass and no."
"Pass? That's not an answer," I said, annoyed at her.
"Pass," she repeated.
"Where do you live?"
"Inverness."
Inverness? That is one of the ritziest addresses in the city. Was she lying?
"Inverness, Violet? That must be really nice."
"It is. I live there in my parent's home."
"Okay... so you live at home?"
"Yes," she responded. "Does that disappoint you?"
"No. Not at all. It just wasn't what I had been thinking." I paused for a moment and looked directly into her eyes before adding, "Disappointed isn't a good way to describe how I feel about that, but it certainly does make things complicated. Wouldn't you agree?"
She shrugged and shook her head. "No, I don't see it that way."
Asian parents are unquestionably well known for being protective, even obsessive about their children and with her living right under their roof... it made possibly seeing her, extremely uncomfortable. Imagine... Oh hello, I'm just here to pickup your daughter and take her to an orgy. Don't worry, I'll have her home by 7... noon at the latest.
"Why wouldn't your parents be concerned if you started staying out all night?"
"St. John," she began, "there isn't any problem, because I stay out all night long
now on a regular basis."
I sat and looked at her, not saying anything deliberately, trying to rattle her. She was as cool as you could imagine.
"Are you a virgin, Violet?"
"Is that what you prefer?"
"Quite the contrary, my dear."
"No. I am not a virgin."
This little question and answer session went on for just a bit longer and then I changed my tact.
"Do you really understand what you are asking to get involved with here, Violet?"
She smiled a wicked smile and nodded her head.
"Do you know what you're missing out on?" She flashed back at me.
Wow! Where was that shy girl I always said hi to; the one who was sitting on the end of my bed only a few hours ago... blushing? I seemed to have forgotten how she was rubbing my foot...
"Any idea what I might want you to do if I agreed to train you and look after you?"
More flashing of sparkling white teeth and a defiant tilt of her head.
"Some... but I'm dying to learn more!"
A middle-aged couple had sat down at a table at the other end of the patio. They looked rather hip, so I looked at Violet and gave her a challenge.
"See that couple over there?" I asked.
"Uh huh."
"I want you to go over there and get that woman to feel your tits in your blouse," I said to her with all seriousness.
"Right now? Right here?"
My turn to respond, "Uh huh."
She sat staring at my face for a moment and I actually thought that I had called her bluff. Instead of refusing, though, she rubbed my knee firmly then got up from her chair. I watched in disbelief. Instead, however, of going over to the couple's table, she simply smiled at the woman as she walked past and disappeared inside the coffee shop. I was really perplexed now. Had I called her bluff and she simply got up and walked out? A few minutes passed and there was still no Violet.
I took the last few sips of my coffee and was just about to leave when back through the door came Violet. Smiling and as cheery as punch. She walked straight up to the couple's table and stopped. I have no idea what she said to them, but they invited her to sit down. She was telling them something and both of them turned to look at me as Violet chattered on. I was confused, to say the least. Both the man and the woman were smiling and nodding their heads in agreement with something.
I almost fell out of my chair when the woman stood up, walked around behind Violet and pulled her top together in the front causing both of her boobs to suddenly be completely freed through the enormous arm holes. The woman stood bending over Violet, her two tits in the woman's hands, being kneaded as if they were nice loaves of bread dough and then the guy leans in and starts to suck on her nipples... first one and then the other!
It was easy to see that all were have a grand old time and I couldn't imagine what she had said to them to get this response! I sat there shaking my head. If the show I had just witnessed wasn't enough, as Violet stood to leave, she fondled the woman's ample tits! Then her top came up and out flopped two very large breasts. Violet was on them in a flash and got a good suck on both nipples before saying her good byes and returning to me, all smiles!
"Did I pass?" she quipped.
"You passed all right! Let's get out of here and go for a little drive. I want to know what you said to those two!"
To be continued...