This took longer to write than usual. I employed spell and grammar check so excuse any that may have been left behind.
"My God that was amazing!" Jen rolled off me leaving a trail of her pussy and my cum across my hips as she rolled on her back catching her breath.
"Mm-hmm" I agreed "that was quite amazing."
Let me set the scene a little more, it was about thirty years ago, and we were both in graduate school but were separated by 100 miles or so. Every week at the end of my classes and work on Friday I would trek up the highway to see her at her apartment in the city. Her classes demanded clinical hours, so she was usually unable to leave on weekends due to Saturday morning or afternoon work for her. It was an easy drive, usually with no issues.
We had been going out for years, and the promise of the ring on her finger would be fulfilled about 2 years later. Life was good. We also had discovered that living alone in an apartment had its plusses, one being clothing was very much optional. It was not uncommon for us to buy groceries late Friday and discard our clothing when we got back, only to put them back on when I left on Sundays.
But anyway, after some great sex she cuddled up against me, "mmm, that was beautiful. You know it was so great, I really wish someone could watch us, that would be super-hot."
"Sure, but that is total fantasy. Who would watch that we trust?"
"I guess." she said "I just think about it sometimes. It's kind of hot to imagine." We fell asleep.
The next morning over coffee and danish (of course naked) she blurted out "Jessi!"
"What about Jessi?"
"Her and Tommy, they would totally be into watching."
"And maybe other things?"
She arched an eyebrow and smirked "Other things?
"Well," I said rather sheepishly "Maybe they would also like to indulge."
"With each other!" Jen stressed. "I am not sure I am ready to see you fuck someone else!"
"Maybe just some touching?"
"Oh, do Jessi's big, big titties turn you on?"
The truth is yes, and she knew it. Jessi's tits were big and round and seemed to defy gravity based on the couple late nights I had seen her in an oversized t-shirt and without a bra. "Well..." I answered.
"Not more than these?" Jen said.
Jen had (well still has) the most incredible boobs I have ever seen 34 DD with huge areolas (which I have has always had a thing for.) Much larger than a silver dollar and pale in color when aroused they turn a bright pink and tense up into pointy ends that are sensitive. She shook them in front of me "Do you need a reminder?" she asked pulling on one nipple then the other, even licking it a bit. "Could you imagine them watching you suck these tits?" She lifted one breast to her mouth and sucked her own nipple. She let go with a pop sound. "Well, are you going to join me? she asked grabbing my nipples.
I let go a moan "You know I love your titties!" I said moving in.
"And I love yours" she said applying a light bite. "So." She felt my cock fully hard "I'd say someone likes the idea of sucking on my titties while Jessi and Tommy watch. Maybe they both will touch themselves. Maybe they both will start fucking!" She started stroking my dick and rubbing her pussy which was so wet I could hear it. "Can we do it honey, can we? Imagine if they got into it with Tommy's cum running down her legs" I could take no more and flipped her on the couch and took her doggy style as she reached a hand out to slap and rub her clit. "I'll take that as a yes" she called out as the word "yes" trailed off in a sigh. We both came hard.
The next few weeks were quite uneventful. Finals, work, life. It was busy. I arrived Friday night at the apartment cleaner than usual. "Visitors?" I asked after a quick greeting. "Do we need to go get stuff."
She looked up and smiled "Yes, and no I already got stuff. But keep those clothes on for now. Jessi and Tommy are coming by." Her smile got more wicked.
"Really?"
"I brought up the idea and she loved it, so they are coming by for wine and who knows. I even managed to switch clinical hours to have some extra time with you tomorrow."
About an hour later Jessi and Tommy buzzed in. Tommy wore the some dumb ass smile I had like "can you believe how lucky we are?" as I shook his hand. Jessi was dressed in a low slung off the shoulder shirt that showed off her generous boobs and gave me a tight hug that lingered for a minute causing my cock to being to stir. Jen greeted Tommy with a similar hug and gave Jess a very tight hug, mashing their boobs together. "Careful bitch" Jess said "I have plans for these things, and yours" she said first hoisting up her boobs then brushing against Jen's.
Tommy and I exchanged glances, was there more going on? Apparently yes as wine was poured and, once were all seated with awkward small talk, Jen called us to our attention. "Okay, this is going to be super fun, but let's just understand there are limits here in case things move beyond the initial intent." She smiled again. "Now I have long harbored a desire to be watched while" Jen weighed her words "well I could say making love, but this is pretty much fucking. You guys are the only friends who would understand that and when I mentioned it to Jess, she admitted she had similar thoughts. As we talked, we liked the idea more and more. So, we want to let you guys in on the plan."
The rules were simple: Jess and Tommy would start off watching us, and then, as things progressed, were more than welcome to also have sex themselves though were not obligated. They could get undressed or not, masturbate or not. If things progressed touching of the other couple was allowed, but actual sex with another was not. Jess and Jen felt comfortable enough to touch each other should it come up, but Tommy and I would not and both Tommy and I exhaled in relief. With the rules established things got a little uncomfortable with how this would start. I took a deep breath and stood up.
"Okay" I said "God hates a coward." I proceeded to remove my shirt and pants before I could think otherwise. From the very beginning Jen always liked me to be fully undressed while she was fully dressed if we were going to having sex. Her clothes always followed quickly, but somehow, I was always fully naked while most of her clothes stayed on. Tonight, it seemed no different. However, as I proceeded to hitch my thumbs in my underwear Jen stopped me.
"Um, Honey" she said with a smile tracing her hand down my chest and tweaking a nipple, "aren't you being rude? Maybe Jess would like to remove those from you? Jess, would you like to do the honors?"
"Mmmmm., you read my mind. C'mon sweetie walk that sweet ass over here." She looked to Tommy "You okay with this honey?" He nodded. I walked over almost shaking, my cock rock hard. She grabbed both sides and pulled down and my cock bobbed up hitting her chin. "Daaaammmmnnnn, now I know why Jen is so happy!" I am not huge, while I have never grabbed a ruler, I figure to be somewhere in that 6" average range, but I am quite big around. Jen's hand can encircle it, but it is a little tight.
Jess quickly looked over to Tommy, but he seemed not upset by Jess' comment. He just said "Damned impressive bro." Jess quickly gave me an appreciative stroke and slap on the ass. "Now go fuck the shit out of each other! We came here for a good show!"
Jen grabbed me and sat me on the couch and instantly started in on my nipples. Super sensitive at this point she grabbed, pulled, circled, tongued, lightly bit, and did this thing where she takes a fingertip on the nipple tip, but she just moves her hand in circles, but the fingertip never moves. Jen looked over at Jess, "I love playing with his tits." Jen looked to me "Does my baby get upset when I call his nipples "tits?"
"No" I panted "I'm fine.'
She reached down to my cock "Oh look!" she came up with a drop of precum "A little lip gloss for my baby" as she smeared it on my lips.
This got to Jess as I heard moan escape her lips and her hand move to her inside the top of her pants while tracing Tommy's now erect cock through his pants. The moan did not escape Jen's attention either as began kissing down my chest, deftly avoiding my attempt to get her top off "Not yet no boobies for you yet young man!" as she grabbed my cock and gave my balls a light squeeze. She then started lightly touching my cock "I just love teasing him" she said to Jess.
At this Jess unbuttoned and unzipped Tommy, yanking his pants down. Tommy's cock as was hard, a little longer than mine but nowhere near as wide. Jess stroked his cock and looked at Jen. "I don't know about you but I'm hungry for a little something" as she eyed his dick. "Or should I say a lot of something. You guys better get to it before I am too horny and start eating!"
Jen took the initiative, engulfing me in one quick swallow. Despite the girth of my cock, she has never had issues swallowing and taking me deep. After a minute of this she rose. And walked away from me and faced Jess and Tommy. "Hope you two are ready" she said as she lowered the zipper on her jumpsuit and shucked it off quickly. Tommy's eyes nearly popped out of his head and even Jess gave a low whistle of appreciation patting Jen's ass she walked by while Jen gave Tommy's cock a little stroke.
"Now" I said, more an order than a question though she nodded yes and mounted me, taking a moment to adjust to the size before slowly lowering down. This proved to be the moment for Jess as, face flushed, she stripped down allowing me a glance at her amazing body "Hey" said Jen faking sternness "eyes up her bub" and flexed her pussy muscles causing an involuntary groan from me.
"Yeah" said Jess, walking over dangling her tits in my face just out of reach of my mouth. "Pay attention to your wife. Jess walked back to Tommy who was hurriedly ditching his shirt. Once he disrobed Jess grabbed his head pushed him in front her to eat her pussy while she watched us with sex glazed eyes and Tommy occasionally looked to the side and giving himself a tug or two.
"Look" I whispered to Jen between thrusts "They are loving this!" Indeed, I think Jess had her first orgasm.
"This so fucking hot, I am so fucking horny." then somewhat louder "Fuck me harder."
Jen came and hard, I don't know how I held back for an orgasm that came on hard and then she rocked back and forth with a blissful smile on her face her pussy spasming "Holy shit" she sighed "I am still coming! If you fucking cum, I'll kill you!!" she moaned.
I always hate hearing that. Something about any woman saying those words ups the excitement level and I scrunched my ass cheeks and started reciting the alphabet backwards, anything to not cum. Even tougher with Jess, just down from us on the couch, who had started riding Tommy since I last looked up at her with boobs bouncing.
Jenn came down from her orgasm high. "Cum for me, cum now" she paused for moment "on my titties," another pause, "and my face."
I slowed my thrusting. Jen loved when I came in her pussy and was more than willing for me to cum in her mouth to swallow. But she also loved watching me cum and one of her favorite things that gave her a mini orgasm of sorts was when I came on her, her tits, her bum, her tummy, but not her face. "Anywhere but on my face. It feels disrespectful to me" she told me the first time she asked me to come on her. Yet here she was asking for it there.
"Are you sure?"
She looked at me nodding. "Just this once, I want to be the slutty little bitch every man wants. Make me your little slut" she breathed huskily in my ear as she moved off my throbbing erection.
It was too much for me, I leapt off as Jen assumed her best porn star move pose: kneeling, holding her boobs up and her mouth open. I could wait no longer and aimed my cock just in time the first blast her pink erect nipple on the left and my second blast hitting her right cheek and lips while the third less powerful reached her chin the rest pooling in her cleavage.
Jess and Tommy looked on in amazement as Tommy jerked suddenly flooding Jess cunt with his own load and she jerked back with another orgasm.
I looked at Jen, I came so fucking much! She smiled at me covered in cum that was even dripping a little in her hair as she licked her lips. She got up and walked over to Jess who stood up and the embraced their boobs pressed together as Jess tentatively licked a line of cum from Jen's face causing her to shudder a bit. She whispered something to Jess who walked over to me wiping my cum off her boob. "C'mon, you know you want these." I reached out to tweak her nipple before engulfing her boob and was rewarded with a sigh. Meanwhile Jen did the same to Tommy who, after Jen scooped up the left over cum eagerly worked on her. Jess snake a hand down between us and stroked my cock which surprisingly was already growing hard. "Damn I want this thing."
Jen was right there on the other side suddenly. "I am not there yet."
Jess released her hand from my cock and stroked Jen's boob kissing her on the cheek. "You know it sweetie" and suddenly kissed her on the lips, Jen's eyes widened in surprise before returning the favor. "oh, you two close your mouths, you guys are not getting a full girl on girl show tonight."
"Or ever," said Jen. "I love your tittles girlfriend, but pussies aren't my thing."
"Ditto."
Tommy and I continued our boobwork before both ladies pushed us away to kneel before us. "First to make him cum wins.' They switched places and Jen kneeled in front of me and went to town. She engulfed my cock, then my balls and sucked. When I finally came, I saw Jess also had a mouthful of cum. Jess raised her eyebrows, but Jen shook her head no to a snowball. They both swallowed.
"It was so hot watching you blow Tommy."
"Well after the show we were given it seemed only right to repay."
I reached down to Jen's pussy but she pushed my hand away "You fucked the hell out of me, I am out of commission for bit." She smiled "But I'll still take care of you." She gave me a kiss as we leaned back.
The evening went on and the clothes stayed off, but apart from Tommy and I ogling the others wives, and occasionally getting a quick feel, the evening ended with Tommy and Jess looking well fucked and Jen, interestingly enough, letting the remaining cum dry on her face.
Hours later they left and Jess and I showered. "Fantasy complete?" I asked as the water flowed around us.
"Oh yes." she said. "Now's the time to hear your fantasy."