Chapter 3...A Day at the Mall
In Part One I told of watching my girlfriend Anne-Marie blackmailed into having sex by the guys she used to babysit and how aroused and responsive she was--and how unbelievably excited it made me. Part Two described how she further became enthralled in their clutches.
The adventure continues...
*********************
Part 3A - Annie gets prepared...
I called Annie the day after her second ravaging and subjugation by William and Brian to ask how her babysitting went. She stuttered a few moments before replying it went fine. Asking if anything was wrong she explained she was tired because Mr. and Mrs. Strauss did not get home until late and needed some rest.
I knew they were barely gone an hour before their evening was unexpectedly cancelled and Annie had returned home early after being thoroughly used by both guys; however, I didn't press the issue. Telling her to take it easy and knowing how flustered she was from the night before, I told her I'd see her later in the day.
She seemed herself again when I went over to her house in the afternoon. I was disappointed seeing her dressed conservatively in jeans and a sweater--of course, with her parents around I wouldn't have expected her to dress provocatively. Still, remembering the night before I was curious and even anxious to see if she would follow Brian and William's "Rules."
We sat down to watch a movie; however, she seemed constantly distracted, often staring ahead not paying any attention to the movie. Asking if anything was wrong, she explained she was still tired from babysitting and for me not to worry about it. I knew exactly what she was thinking about, but could not tell if she was trying to figure out how to get out of it, or reminiscing on how she enjoyed the night's events.
The ringing of the telephone startled us, breaking both our thoughts...
"Hello?" she answered.
I saw her tense up as she glanced over to me, so I pretended not to notice as she kept looking over to me while on the phone. She stammered something about it being one of her friends from college who was upset about something and asked if I would mind hanging up the telephone when she went up to her room to talk in private. I agreed and she quickly ran up stairs.
"OK I'm on, you can hang up!" she yelled down to me.
Knowing something was obviously up, I hung up the receiver, but curiosity getting the best of me, slowly lifted it again to my ear.
"Who else is there?" I recognized Brian's voice over the telephone.
"Bob, my fiancé," she answered.
"Now Annie, you weren't thinking about breaking our rules, were you? Remember, you are not to have sex without our approval."
"I remember, and no, I haven't had sex with him." she answered vehemently.
"You haven't had sex with him WHAT slave?" Brian's tone asked coldly.
"I haven't had sex with him Master" I heard Annie mutter.
"Good" he chuckled. "Now, I want you to come and pick Billy and me up. We are going shopping at the mall."
"What?" I heard Annie protest. "I can't just leave. What will I tell Bob?"
"I don't care what the fuck you tell him. Just be here in half an hour, understood bitch? Or would you rather have him get one of your lovely videos to watch?"
"No, I will come as soon as I can," I heard Annie whisper.
"I'm sure you will CUM," I heard Brian laugh with his play on words.
Hearing Annie hang up the phone, I quickly hung up my receiver and sat back down on the couch. Annie came down the stairs looking nervous. Asking her if something was the matter, she told me Sally, a friend from college, was upset at breaking up with her boyfriend and needed to go over and comfort her.
I knew Sally's father, and he had recently dropped off her car for some work at the auto shop where I worked. He had told us Sally would be gone on a foreign exchange trip to Europe the entire summer break, so I knew Sally was thousands of miles away!
Telling Annie it was all right I asked if she wanted me to drive her over.
"No!" she yelled with her eyes wide.
Again I asked if something was wrong and she quickly regained her composure telling me no, she didn't know when she'd be home so would drive herself.
I said it was alright and told her to call me later.
*********************
I should take some time to describe my feelings. Don't get me wrong, I love Annie and know Annie loves me...that is not an issue, and one I feel never will be an issue. The fact we are engaged is testament to our love.
No, love has nothing to do with it...this was pure sex. I have always loved the exhibitionist side of her...it was not only pride but a turn-on seeing other men lusting after my girlfriend in high school. The knowledge I was the only one who could win her heart has been something meaning a lot to me, regardless of the pure physical attraction most men feel towards her.
Annie and I have always had a good and active sex life, her more than I. She can orgasm numerous times, each one more powerful than the last to the point where I've literally been too exhausted to continue, or she herself has almost past out. She has a remarkable sex drive and although at first it sounds like it would be the best thing in the world to have a girl like that, in some ways you start to feel you cannot keep up with her.
We've discussed threesomes in the past and although the discussions turned us both on, we never could figure out how to get involved in something like that. The thoughts of seeing Annie with another man may have caused jealousy or even anger with some men, but for me it oddly brought a sense of pride and excitement.
Again, I know our love between us is something we both cherish, but the pure physical act of sex is not part of that. We've made love many times, but when we have pure sex, it is something I found I cannot keep up with her. Now that she had somebody on the side to help and I could watch has been an incredible turn-on to me and something I was curious to see continue!
*********************
I left her house and immediately drove to the Strauss' end of the neighborhood, parking my car and waiting down the road. I was still in sight of the house, but Annie would not see me coming from the other end of the neighborhood. I was anxious to see what the boys had planned next for my gorgeous slave-fiancée...
About 20 minutes later Annie's car drove up to the house and pulled into the Strauss' driveway. When she got out of the car I immediately noticed she still had on her jeans and sweater. Slamming the car door I could tell she was angry as she stomped up to the door and rang the doorbell. Brian answered and I saw them talking, and then yelling, when suddenly Brian slapped Annie across the face!
She stood there holding her hand to her cheek in surprise as Brian yelled something at her. I was too far away to hear what they were saying, but saw Annie's head bow down as she stood there.
As I sat wondering what they were saying I realized how lucky I had been previously, being able to not only watch Annie's exploits without detection, but also being close enough to hear. I would never be able to continue following her without discovery and needed to think of an alternative. There was nobody else I could get to follow her as I did not want anybody else to know about this, though had a few friends who would jump at the chance! Many of my friends had been after Annie throughout high school...she was the hottest girl around and all had tried one time or another to get into her pants, especially my best friend Rick.
My mind wandered thinking up elaborate schemes of bugging her, hiring a private investigator, and so forth—all far to elaborate and embarrassing as I would have to admit I was more interested in knowing what she was doing, not upset at her cheating.
Finally, it hit me--her diary! Annie has kept a diary since she was 12-years-old. One night while drinking she confided to me how she recorded EVERYTHING--good or bad--in her diary. Her parents once discovered it and had grounded her finding out about her playing hooky from school, so she cleverly kept two diaries: one "hidden" in her night stand being a "Rated-PG version" as she called it in case her parents ever read it again; another was her "Rated-X version" where she wrote everything ever happening to her, including sex with me. This way if her parents tried to find out what she was doing, they would not look further than the "decoy" diary. Although it took a while to maintain the duplicity, it had served her well as her parents thought she was the model daughter. At the time she was now on the fifth volume, even telling me where she kept them hidden in her closet.
Although I would have to stay far enough away to watch Annie undetected, I realized I could fill in the gaps through her diary.
I have since read many pages of Annie's diary and can describe much of what has happened to her in these events--even what she was feeling at the time. She is brutally honest in her diary and I can now tell her story in full:
**********
The argument at the door was due to Annie's attire. Brian was scolding her for not dressing as she was told.
"Fuck you Brian. I'm tired of your petty little games. I've followed through so far and you are lucky I even came over here, but I want out now!" Annie yelled.
Annie suddenly felt the hard slap of Brian's hand across her face.
Staring at him in shock Brian yelled at her "Do not EVER speak to me in those tones again bitch! I told you I would give those tapes to everybody you knew and I meant it! Do you want your father to see those tapes? How about your dweeky fiancé? Gee, what will your school say if those tapes ever became public? And what about your parents--ever think of what would happen to their bank loan if my parents found out about you fucking their kids while babysitting? Do you want that to happen bitch?"
The Strausses were managers of the local bank. Annie's parents had taken a sizeable loan from the bank to pay for their house and Annie's school, mainly approved through their friendship with the Strausses. I knew they were far behind on payments and it was only their friendship with the Strausses keeping the house from being foreclosed and worse happening to them, and apparently Brian knew that as well...
"No" Annie whispered dejectedly.
"No what?" Brian demanded.
"No Master," she muttered.
"Good, now I asked why you didn't dress up like you are supposed to" Brian asked icily.
"I told you my fiancé was over. I couldn't just walk out of the house dressed like a whore with him there." Annie whispered. Seeing the anger in Brian's face, she quickly added "It won't happen again, please...please don't show those tapes to anybody" she begged. "I'll keep clothes in the car I can change into when needed, but please don't show those tapes" she pleaded.
"Please what?" Brian asked, obviously enjoying her predicament.
Annie's head bowed further in total defeat, "Please Master."
"I will think of a suitable punishment, but first we must pick up Billy." he told her.
**********
They got in her car and started driving away, me following far enough behind so they would not see me. Even before reading the events in her diary, I knew Annie was probably too upset to pay attention to her surroundings and see me behind her; however, I did not want to take any chances.
William was waiting outside his house as Annie's car drove up, getting in the front seat. As they drove away, I again followed at a safe distance to avoid being seen.
As I was following I suddenly saw something fly out of the passenger's window. Driving by I recognized the sweater Annie had been wearing moments before!
Several miles further down the road I saw her car swerve and a few more moments something again flew out the window—this time the unmistakable outline of a bra. It seems the boys not liking her attire were having her strip in the car.
**********
"Excellent," William said with satisfaction as Annie sat behind the wheel naked from the waist up.
She had trouble getting her bra off while driving the car and sat there red with shame as the two boys ogled at her exposed breasts. William laughed and said he would help her as he turned on the car's air conditioner to maximum. Embarrassed and angry as the boys' leered at her, she continued driving fully aware of the cold wind on her breasts making her nipples stand out hard as rocks.
"Now your pants" William ordered.
"What?" Annie stuttered. "I'm driving!"
"I'll steer," Brian said from the middle of the seat, "You just follow orders. Got it slave?"
"Yes Master," Annie muttered.
With some difficulty, after taking off her shoes she pulled her jeans off.
"Everything!" William ordered looking down at her lap.
Dejectedly Annie slowly pulled off her underwear. Even with the air conditioning blowing on her, her body burned from embarrassment driving naked while the two boys stared at her. She hoped nobody could see her as she drove in this state of humility.
This time she only mildly protested as William grabbed her clothes and threw them out the window.
"But I don't have anything else to wear!" she explained.
Brian and William glared at her as she dejectedly stared ahead and drove.
"Get on the highway, we are going to the mall," Brian told her.
Annie drove on the highway, trying to sink into her seat so passing cars wouldn't see her state of undress.
She tried to blot the entire incident out of her mind when suddenly the sound of a semi-truck's horn broke her reverie. Looking up she saw an eighteen-wheeler had moved up beside her, the driver waving at her through her sunroof.
Mortified she tried to shut the sunroof, but Brian grabbed her hand saying, "No, I think we'll keep this open" he laughed.
Annie gasped and almost swerved off the road as Brian firmly squeezed her right nipple between his fingers, sending a shock throughout her body. In her embarrassment, the cold air blowing on her body, and the boys and other drivers on the highway seeing her naked, she felt her heart and breathing quicken realizing she was getting aroused! She tried to act nonchalant, staring straight ahead attempting to ignore the rush of blood through her body and the tingling wetness between her legs.
Annie clamped her hands around the steering wheel trying without success to ignore Brian as he massaged and squeezed her breasts, the truckers watching and beeping their horns from their high vantage point, and the reactions her body was having.
**********
For the next twenty minutes I watched as semi after semi pull up to Annie's car, beeping their horn before moving on to let the next truck pull alongside her car. I'm sure the news of a beautiful 22-year-old naked woman on the highway was traveling across the CB radios of every trucker like wildfire.
**********
Finally to Annie's relief they pulled off the exit to the mall. As they were driving up she looked at the boys. "You know I cannot go into the mall like this."
"Don't worry, we'll find something suitable for you to wear," Brian said as he leered at her. "Just park the car."
Annie pulled to the far end of the parking lot turning off the ignition. Brian asked her measurements and shoe size, writing them down as both he and William got out of the car.
Taking the keys out of her hand, Brian laughed at her, "Don't walk away we'll be back in a few."
**********
As they walked into the mall I saw Annie lay down in the seat obviously to conceal herself from anybody passing by.
About an hour later the boys returned carrying a couple bags and getting into the car...
**********
"Here slave" said Brian, "we brought you something to wear."
William snickered as he said "Unfortunately we didn't have enough money to buy any underwear, but you can go without for now" he laughed.
Though upset, Annie grabbed the bags thankful to have clothing once again. Suddenly her eyes opened wide as she looked into the bag, "I can't wear this!"
William reached over and grabbed Annie's long hair, "What did you say, bitch?"
Quickly Annie replied, "Nothing Master."
"Good," William smirked, "now get dressed so we can finish shopping."
Annie slowly pulled out her "clothing" the boys had bought. The first item was a leather bustier with metal rivets all over the seams, lacing up the front. Annie immediately thought of a biker chick she once saw as she held it up.
With the boys leering at her, she realized she should be thankful for anything--even so revealing--to cover her nakedness so quietly began to put it on.
As she laced up the front she discovered it was almost two sizes too small! "Masters," Annie mumbled weakly, "this is too small."
Brian told her, "We decided it was the perfect size. Though they did have the size you gave us this one will do just fine. Put it on!"
Without another word, Annie struggled and put the bustier on, having to loosen the front lacings several times causing the leather to show more and more of her torso. After it was tied up she had to play around tucking in her breasts to get it to look right, the boys ogling at her the whole time. By the time she was done, the lacings were spread apart by almost 5 inches showing much of her middle chest and cleavage, her breasts pushed up incredibly high.
"Very nice," William said admiringly, "now the rest."
Annie didn't want to know what else there was, her humility was so great, but reached into the bag and pulled out a leather miniskirt. The skirt zipped on both sides and looking at the tag she was thankful it was the right size; however, pulling it on she realized the skirt was so tiny it barely covered her bottom if she bent over.
"I can't wear this" she protested, knowing inwardly it was useless.
The boys smiled at her and said nothing. Adjusting the skirt as much as she could—she realized there was a fine line between her ass hanging out if it were too high and crack of her ass showing if it were too low. She finally found a middle ground where the skirt ended up being several inches below her hip bones barely above her trimmed pubic hair, but it would have to do; otherwise she would be walking around exposing her ass to everybody.
She reached into other bag, feeling a pair of shoes and pulling out a pair of four-inch black spiked heel shoes with silver studs all over them. Glaring at the smiling boys Annie slid them on her feet, noticing the straps around her ankles matching the rivets in the bustier. Surprisingly the shoes were very comfortable and of all her clothes, were a perfect fit.
"Good," Brian said. "Now, get out of the car and model for us."
**********
I saw Annie step out of the car and even from my distance couldn't believe how hot she looked. She was the most incredible picture of pure sexuality I had ever seen. Her long legs were accented by the high heels and the incredibly short skirt. And the way her breasts bulged out of the bustier made her chest look twice as large as normal. I silently admired the guys' taste in clothing!
**********
"Very nice," William said approvingly, "but we are missing something aren't we Brian?"
Brian grinned, "Right you are Billy my boy, she needs her jewelry!" He reached into his pockets and pulled out a black leather dog collar with spikes on it.
"Oh no" Annie said, "I am NOT wearing that!"
Brian smiled as he walked over. Before putting it on he showed her the tag: "Bitch in heat" and Annie felt her face flush with shame, standing there as he put the collar around her neck.
Annie could feel fire burning behind her eyes. At this point she was so pissed at these boys, part of her not knowing why she was letting them continue, another part knowing she had no choice. Her humility was complete as she grasped the realization she was totally subservient to them, powerless not do whatever they asked of her.
Meanwhile William reached into the car and started going through her purse.
"What the Hell do you think you are doing?" she yelled.
He explained since she was going to be the one wearing the clothes they picked out, she should be the one paying for them. She pleaded with them how she didn't make enough to afford new clothes and they smiled, telling her they could get her more money later.
Before she could even dream of what they meant William smirked, "Well slave, what do you think of your outfit?"
Though she hated it as well as them, she knew what they wanted: "Masters, this slave thanks you for your generosity," she mumbled weakly.
Both the boys smiled at each other. Annie's subjugation was complete.
"Good," Brian said adjusting her collar, "let's go shopping!"
***********
I could not follow them into the mall without being seen so sat out in the parking lot waiting for their return.
Hours went by and still there was no sign of them. I started to get worried as the mall closed and still no sign of them. Several times I had to move my truck as cars left making where I parked too obvious—I didn't want Annie or the boys to see it.
As evening came, I began to get more and more worried.
Finally, almost three hours after the mall had closed, the three came out. Annie's head was hung low and all three were carrying an incredible number of shopping bags. Annie still looked incredible, although her hair looked messed up and wet against her head as she got into the car.
I followed them home as she first dropped William, then Brian off. I did not go home until Annie pulled into her driveway wondering what had happened.
I had to get the rest of the day's adventures from Annie's diary later the next day when her and her mom had gone shopping to piece together what had happened. Her father let me take a "nap" in her room while they were away so I had my chance to settle down for a few hours and read what happened:
**********
Annie was mortified to be seen in the mall dressed like some biker whore, yet somewhere deep inside she also felt a tingle of exhilaration. She had always been an exhibitionist, but her parents were so conservative all she could ever get away with were a few miniskirts. Bob let her dress up as much—or as little—as she wanted, but only when they went out. Now here she was, practically naked, with two boys leading her around like a dog—ashamed, but somewhere deep inside she was enjoying every second of it...
As she walked she could feel every man's eyes on her. The combined humiliation and exhilaration had her body at odds and she was shocked feeling herself again getting wet between her legs. She kept her gaze low to avoid looking directly at anybody as the boys led her to a small side store, the pungent smell of leather catching her attention. Looking up Annie recognized the leather shop they were in. It was one she always wanted to visit; however, the normal group of bikers who usually hung out there had always kept her away.
"Well, I see the clothes fit the bitch perfectly!" a gruff, unfamiliar voice said.
Looking up she saw a large, grey haired, bearded man in a biker's vest and jeans sitting at the counter smiling at her. She could feel her entire body blush as he openly admired and appraised her body and outfit, she quickly looked away.
"Yes," Brian said. "Annie, please show this kind gentleman your outfit--after all, he was kind enough to help pick it out for you."
Annie stood there until the boys told her she didn't want to disappoint them. Following their direction, she moved to the three mirrors near the counter. She looked into the face of the leering biker as she walked past the counter in front, her face flushing as she put her hands on her hips as instructed. Continuing to follow the boys' instructions, she turned around and lifted her arms above her head into her hair as they told her.
Stretch this way she suddenly realized in shock her ass was peeking out from the bottom of the skirt.
This humiliation disappeared to horror as she heard the boys asking the biker if he wanted a closer look. Without a second thought he stood up and moved towards Annie.
Standing next to her she couldn't believe how huge he was, towering over her.
Immediately her eyes flew open in shock as she gasped, the biker reaching out and cupping both her breasts in the bustier with his hands. "Yur right, lads," he muttered, "she fills this out beautifully!"
Annie closed her eyes in shame as the man groped her breasts, standing stiffly as he kneaded her chest through the tight leather.
After what seemed forever she felt his hands leave and let out a breath of relief; however it was only momentary as without warning she felt the huge hands sliding up her right leg.
Looking down she watched in dismay as the man slowly ran his hands up her thighs, not stopping until he slid them around and cupped her buttocks, squeezing gently.
Though frightened and humiliated beyond anything she had ever felt, again something stirred deep within her as she started felt wetness between her legs. His hands moved up to her hips underneath the skirt and he said "Yup, this little slut definitely didn't need the black leather thong I tried to sell you!" he chuckled.
Annie stood there in complete disgrace as the man continued groping her ass, finally breathing a sigh of relief when he moved away.
"Well boys, you definitely can come back with her anytime you wish--and I'll even give you a discount!" he laughed.
He handed the boys a card telling them anytime they wanted to show her a good time, he could definitely arrange it. The boys thanked him and asked Annie to thank him as well.
Muttering a quick "thank you" she was thankful to know they were leaving when the boys said she could be a little friendlier.
Wondering what they meant, she swiftly was enveloped by the huge man's arms pulling her to him and kissing her--his tongue invading her mouth like a venomous snake. Though mortified, Annie again felt a tingle between her legs and unconsciously started probing the man's own mouth with her tongue. The biker felt like an octopus as he kissed her, his hands roaming all over her body.
When he finally moved away she felt both relieved and disappointed. He looked at her as her chest heaved in excitement; her face flushed. He chuckled as he told the boys he didn't know how they did it, but they definitely had a keeper.
Going behind the counter he reached for something and handed it to Brian whispering in his ear. Saying this one was on the house the boys smiled and thanked him as they walked out of the store.
Annie wondered how far into the depths of humiliation she had yet to go as she tried to readjust her skirt, the biker's groping raising it too high. She became frightened as she perceived the rapid beating of her heart and wetness between her legs belaying the fact somewhere deep inside her, even if her mind was in turmoil, her body was enjoying it.
The boys led her next to a lingerie store as she again blushed in shame. This store catered to more "sleazier" attire. Annie and her friends avoided this store when they shopped; however, it was more in line with what Annie expected the boys to have her wear so she was more mentally prepared.
They started picking out over a dozen outfits and lingerie handing them to Annie to try on. The saleswoman looked questioningly at Annie being with two younger guys picking out sleazy cloths for her, but didn't say a word as she led Annie to the dressing room.
"And make sure you show us how everything fits" William called happily after her to her shame.
Stepping into the dressing room Annie felt a brief moment of relief being away from the guys. Wondering how she ever got into this mess and why she was still going with it, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and could not believe her eyes. The person looking back at her could not be her! Looking at herself in the mirror she saw an incredibly sexy woman literally oozing sensuality. In the leather outfit and heels she could not believe the incredible being in the mirror was really her. Striking several poses she silently complimented the boys' choice of clothing, as revealing as it was it did show her off nicely. She couldn't help but get excited feeling a sense of thrill at the unknown and how she was looking.
She went through the outfits the boys had given her trying to decide what to try on first. As expected they were mostly short dresses revealing all too much of her. She grimaced as she tried on the first one--a shiny, multicolored metallic dress leaving little to the imagination as it clung to her like wet fabric; however, looking at herself in the mirror she again couldn't believe how sexy she looked. Stepping out of the dressing room a part of her felt pride as the boys whistled and complimented her.
Trying on another one--a short latex flounce skirt with a tank-styled top which clung to her like wet cotton—she again marveled at herself in the mirror. As much as she hated to admit it, the boys had very fine, if not perverted, taste.
Her reverie was suddenly broken as the door to the changing room opened and William stepped in. "What are you doing here?" she asked.
"You were taking so long I thought I'd come and lend you a hand." he said wickedly. "I must say that dress looks fantastic on you!"
As pissed off as she was she couldn't help but glow at the compliment. "Thank you. I have to admit it does look good" she told him.
William smiled as he sat on the bench in the dressing room, saying he'd help her changing and save some time so she wouldn't have to keep exiting to show them the outfits. Knowing arguing would be useless, Annie glared at him; if she put up a fight, the outcome would be more humiliating than changing in front of him she rationalized.
Peeling the latex dress off, she tried to ignore William who almost drooling as he gazed upon her body. Though he didn't say anything Annie knew the thoughts going through his head and quickly grabbed something else to put on. Stopping her William reached over and picked out a white lace outfit consisting of a corset with garters and thong. She glared at him, but knowing putting up a fuss would be pointless, put the outfit on.
Bending down to attach the garters she felt William's hand rubbing her ass, trying to ignore him. Standing up William again told her she looked incredible. Looking into the mirror, Annie had to admit she did look good in it, though she wished she was in front of Bob instead of this kid.
Next, she tried on a metal chain skirt and top—although it was a matching top, it really was composed of chains draped across her chest. Standing still it looked fine; however whenever she moved her nipples breasts were obvious as they poked out and were exposed with every movement. William smiled saying he definitely liked the outfit, telling her he couldn't wait to see her dance in it and she needed to remember it as one of the more special outfits for them.
All the other clothes were of similar fashion--all revealing more flesh on her than she was used to wearing. One dress was nothing but two thin pieces of cloth on the front and back connected by thin chains on the sides; another laced up the front made of Lycra clinging to her like a second skin. Others consisted of teddies and lingerie. She shuddered knowing she would not be wearing underwear with most of the dresses and knew it was exactly what the boys had in mind.
Throughout it all she could not help but admire how she looked in the outfits, again at odds with her embarrassment from being put on display versus the exhibitionist side of her.
When finished William grabbed the outfits and walked out, leaving the door to the dressing room wide open. Annie stood there in shock, naked except for her high heels as she looked out into the store seeing several men openly admiring her and quickly shut the door.
She again put on her leather outfit—struggling with the bustier—and exited, seeing William at the counter. Brian was nowhere to be seen and William told her they would meet him at the Food Court.
As the saleswoman started ringing the items William handed her Annie's credit card. Annie glared at him when the $575.00 total was announced and he again told her she would earn her money back and not to worry. Wondering if there was even a small grain of truth and trying to figure out how to explain the huge credit card bill, Annie just signed the receipt as William grabbed the shopping bags.
Walking out of the store Annie was once again conscientious of every man's eyes on her. Remembering her view in the mirror and how desirable she looked, this time she walked with her head up. She felt exhilarated at her sexuality. She noticed several glares from some women; however, the men with them all leered at her approvingly and she smiled at them as she passed.
Although subservient to Brian and William, there was also a sense of power as she passed by the men, exuding a sense of raw sexuality...