I have a whole series of these stories written. They all revolve around Tucker Sims and his porn studio. Most of them work as stand alone stories, but some things will make more sense if you read them in the order they were posted. They are all fairly short, easy reads. I hope you enjoy them. As usual, the people and places are fictional. All characters are over eighteen.
———————
Tucker wheeled his Cadillac into a shady parking spot at the city pool and switched off the motor. His nephew jumped out with his swim team bag and ran over to his friends. Tucker made a phone call in the shade and wandered over to the rickety bleachers. It was a rough part of town and the big old pool had seen better days. Tucker had gotten so he recognized most of the few parents who hung around to watch the practice — a fat man who always read a newspaper; three moms who always sat together, chattering with gossip like they were trying to win a contest for it; and another woman, probably a mom, who always sat up in the top corner of the old seats, sometimes watching the swimming, but often just gazing off into the distance.
She was the kind of woman Tucker loved to bring into the porn world. His studio specialized in 'mature amateurs', and he'd gotten pretty good at picking people out of a crowd who might be interested in the business. T.S. Productions — that's the name of his company — made good money shooting video of 'fresh faces' fucking their asses off. The woman in the bleachers was lost in thought, watching a young couple toss a frisbee around on a distant hill when Tucker approached her.
"Nice day today," he said.
"Oh. Yeah," she said, smiling a little, just to be polite, when she saw it was somebody she recognized. "Your son's a good swimmer."
"Nephew," Tucker said. "My sister's raising him alone, and she works all day, so..."
"Oh, well we've sorta got that in common then," the woman said. "Danny's my neighbor's boy. I work nights, and he needed some rides here, so I volunteered. I feel like a dirty old lady sometimes, watching all these half naked boys." She chuckled nervously, wondering why she'd just said that to a near total stranger.
"My name's Tucker Sims," Tucker said as he took his little leather business card holder out of his pocket.
"Molly," the woman said. "Molly Bianchi."
"Have you ever done any modeling Molly?" Tucker asked as he handed her his card. Molly scowled a little as she read it.
Tucker Sims
T.S. Productions
Photography, Film, Video
"When I was younger I did a little, but that was thirty years ago," she said. "You're not seriously giving this tomeare you?"
"Sure. There's a thriving market for attractive women your age,"
Tucker said.
"You mean I've been cleanin' office buildings for ten years when I coulda been on the cover of Vogue?" Molly said. She smiled beautifully.
"Sorry, I'm not part of that world," Tucker said. "What we do is a little more...earthy."
"Oh my God, are you in porn?" Molly asked as her eyes widened.
"Adult entertainment. But it's not all what you're thinking. We do a variety of things, including mildly sexy photo shoots for calendars and things like that. I've got a client interested in a sexy housewife kind of thing right now, and when I saw you here today I thought, yeah, that's the look right there."
"I'm not sure if I should be, but I'm kinda flattered," Molly said with a confused looking smile. "So what kinda business do you have? You're not gonna take me home to your bedroom and pull out a phone camera are ya? I mean you look like a nice guy but..."
"I've got a studio down in the warehouse district. A photographer on staff, hair people, makeup people, stylists, the works. I've got an international client list, and I've worked with over fifty local models and talent, most of them people off the street like you. My clients and I both prefer the natural 'amateur' kind of vibe from nonprofessional models. The money's good too — fifty dollars an hour to start, and it goes up from there."
"So this 'sexy housewife' thing," she said, making air quotes with her fingers, "just how 'mildly sexy' are we talkin' about?"
"That client's open to a range of things, so it'd come down to your comfort level. Could be fully clothed with a little lingerie peeking out. Maybe some full lingerie if you're comfortable with it. We provide the wardrobe. We've got hundreds of things to choose from, in all sizes.
"All right Mr. Tucker Sims, you've certainly turned this into an interesting afternoon. You kinda made my day, but I just can't see myself doin' anything like that. Not at my age. Twenty years ago you woulda had me."
"What's age got to do with it?" Tucker asked.
"Plenty!" Molly said. "Look, I know how these photo shoots work. A girl's gotta feel confident in herself or it shows real bad in the pictures. Like I said, I did some modeling when I was a kid. There was a year there when it sorta clicked for me and I liked what I was seeing, but there were also a few months where I lost my confidence and it was awful. Made me feel really bad about myself. To be honest with you I never recovered. Kinda messed up my whole life in a way. At least that's the way I remember it. I don't know why I'm tellin' you all this..."
"That's cool Molly. I love honesty. And I'll be totally honest with you. You're a MILF, and the world loves MILF's right now. You should jump in and take advantage of it."
"AMILF!Oh my God!" Molly said quietly. "You're a little nutty. Nice, but nutty."
"Just think it over Molly. Back when you were a kid the stars weren't aligned for you, but maybe now they are. Trust me, age is on your side now. Very few women your age have what I'm seeing in you. I'll see you back here in a few days and you can let me know what you think. I won't pressure you or anything. Nice talkin' to you Molly. Enjoy the sunshine."
"Yeah, nice talkin' to you too," Molly said.
Tucker walked down the bleacher steps to the edge of the pool and chatted with his nephew about his lap times. Molly's gaze shifted off into the distance. Her eyes followed the frisbee again, rising slowly on the warm summer breeze.
———————
"Yeah man, that's nice," Jamar said as he circled around Molly. The tall, brown skinned photographer's Caribbean accent made her smile. It was an important smile, the first sign she was loosening up a bit. Tucker was happy to see it.
"Whaddya think honey, you doin' okay?" Tucker asked.
"Yeah. It's kinda surreal, but good, yeah," Molly said as she held her pose.
"It's like fairyland when we get goin' here," Tucker said.
Fairyland when we get goin'? What does that mean, Molly wondered? There she was in a dark studio that makes porn, trying to look sexy, wondering what she'd gotten herself into.
"Marsha, fix that hair a little, will ya?" Tucker said.
Marsha swooped in, made a few adjustments and combed out a little clump of mascara in an eyelash.
"Whaddya think Molly," Tucker asked, "You ready to show the world a little more of how beautiful you are? Maybe another button or two?"
"Lets just try it and see what you think," Marsha said as she unfastened Molly's buttons.
Molly looked down at herself and back up at Tucker. Self confidence was not her strong suit. A failed marriage ten years ago and a revolving door of shitty dates afterwards left her feeling pretty lousy about herself. The dates had gradually petered out and she hadn't even been with a man in over a year.
"You sure people wanna see this?" she asked no one in particular.
"Yeah man. Hot stuff," Jamar said as he got in a rhythm with his camera again.
"You heard the man," Tucker said. "Trust me, he doesn't say that very often."
Molly blushed when she realized the tall, sexy black man was sincere. She'd often wondered about black men. Being a blue-collar city girl, she knew and worked with plenty of people of color, but she'd never dated a man whose skin was any darker than her own, and her's was lilly white. Jamar looked to be twenty years younger, Molly thought, and she was right. He was twenty seven, but Molly's voluptuous forty-eight-year-old curves looked plenty good to him that afternoon.
As he circled, finding new angles, clicking his shutter, Molly found herself fascinated by his lean body. He moved like an athlete, often squatting, crouching, moving in, sometimes close enough to smell. His pants were tight — skinny jeans, made out of black cotton duck. Molly could see the muscles in his thighs flexing as he moved, and the ever-present lump at his crotch. She was pretty sure it wasn't a hard lump — she would have been shocked if she'd done that to him — but it looked plenty meaty, whatever was in there.
"Okay, we're good with this look," Tucker said, snapping Molly out of her thoughts. "You're doing great Molly. Marsha, take her back and change things up a bit."
In the dressing room Marsha put Molly in a long pleated skirt and a plain white blouse. A pearl necklace and conservative high heels completed the nineteen-fifties housewife look. Underneath though, was a whole 'nother story. Molly had never fussed too much with fancy lingerie, so the little thong, garter belt and stockings were a first for her. The lacy push-up bra that was mostly see through was a new experience too. Standing in front of the big mirror before the outer clothes went on she was surprised at how she looked, and Marsha could see it in her eyes.
"You girl, got one fuckin' body on you," Marsha said as they both gazed in the mirror. "Jamar's gonna cream his pants if you don't watch out."
"Get out!" Molly said.
"Tucker's right you know. Jamar never comments on the models. You definitely got his eye today."
Back out on set Jamar adjusted his lights while Molly sat on a big upholstered chair. He dimmed things down, romantic and kind of mysterious. After some test shots to adjust his camera they were ready to roll.
"All right honey, sit sideways across that chair, with your legs up over the arm," Tucker said. "That's it. Marsha, adjust that skirt so the top of her stocking shows on one leg."
Molly's eyes caught Jamar's as he was thinking about how to shoot the scene. The tension left her body and she relaxed into his gaze. She remembered a modeling session when she was seventeen where she got that feeling. Back then the photographer was older, not younger, but she felt the same mutual attraction in his eyes. That was one of those magical days when it seemed modeling would become her life's work.
"That looks perfect sweetheart," Tucker said. "Love that languid look. Hold that while Jamar works it a little. Beautiful honey. I'm gonna let you work it on your own now. Tease that camera. Adjust your clothes however you like. Tease us. Make the camera horny sweetheart."
On a normal day, especially in her cleaning contractor's uniform late at night in an empty office building, the thought of making someone or something horny never crossed her mind. But there in Tucker's studio, under the lights, surrounded by darkness, with Jamar's camera seeming to inhale her like oxygen, something changed in her mind. She surprised herself by tugging gently at her skirt, guiding the hem ever so slowly up her thighs, revealing the straps of the garter belt. A wickedly sexy little smile lit up her face.
For someone wearing a thong for the very first time, she was being bold. With her skirt a mere inch or two higher Jamar's camera would have had a look at it. She knew that was probably the goal — why else put her in a thong? But no, this would be it, just a tease. That alone was more than she thought she'd do. No one wants to see a nearly fifty-year-old woman's crotch for goodness sake!
"Beautiful honey. Work the shirt too," Tucker said.
Molly looked down at the soft white fabric draped over her tits. Yeah, a button or two more, she thought, that'd be nice for Jamar. I wonder if he's a tit man?
Her hands worked the buttons and she instinctively twisted the shirt a little, pulling it tight over her nice tits. It gaped open, showing some nice cleavage and the lacy edge of the little bra.
"Nice Molly," Tucker said.
Jamar swooped in, almost dancing his way around her, firing off a flurry of camera clicks. Everything felt so positive, and her mood was so buoyant, it just felt natural to do more. Before she could think about it much the shirt was fully open and the push-up bra cradling her tits was the star of the show. Her hard nipples strained against the nearly transparent lace.
"Real nice Miss Molly. Real nice," Jamar said as he circled, firing off dozens of shutter clicks.
Jamar spoke the truth. Lounging across the big soft chair, with her stocking clad legs up high and her bra on full view, Molly was indeed the smokin' hot MILF Tucker thought she might be.
"Hot stuff Molly," Tucker said. "Really hot stuff."
Molly's temperature was high. Her heart rate was up and she felt a little flushed. Her brain felt a little fuzzy, but it was a delicious feeling.
"You want me out of this skirt?" she asked. As soon as she said it she wondered why the words had slipped out of her lips.
"Marsha, help her out," Tucker said.
"I, uh, I'm not sure about this," Molly said as Marsha helped her up out of the chair.
"Why don't you try out a pose, and if it feels wrong we'll stop," Tucker said. "Jamar, don't shoot any pictures 'till she's comfortable."
"Ya boss, no problem," Jamar said.
Marsha had the pleated skirt down Molly's legs in no time. Molly looked down at herself and looked nervous.
"Wow," she said.
"Wow for sure," Tucker said. "Your friends must be jealous every time they see you."
"It's my first time in a thong," Molly said sheepishly. "I'm afraid I'm a little...hairy for it."
"It's sexy honey," Tucker said. "There's plenty of guys who like that kind of thing. You can go either way though. If you wanna shave for next time, that's cool too."
"So there's gonna be a next time?" Molly asked.
"Hell yeah. I sure hope you wanna come back. You're a natural. It's easy to see your modeling experience come through, even though you haven't done it in a while."
"You want her draped across the chair again?" Marsha asked.
"Yeah. Same pose'll be great. That okay with you Molly?" Tucker said.
Molly nodded and reclined in the big chair again, lifting her legs slowly up onto the arm, careful to not flash her hairy crotch any more than she needed to.
Having Jamar just stand there and watch her was a strange feeling. He wasn't being a letch or anything like that, butboydid he ever devour her with those big brown eyes of his. Molly kinda loved it, and her heart was pounding.
"Whaddya think honey? Wanna let Jamar capture your beauty?" Tucker asked.
"Yes," Molly said in a near whisper.
Was she being too obvious, she wondered? Could everybody tell she was attracted to the ridiculously handsome photographer? There she was, totally rockin' the sexiest lingerie she'd ever seen, and a tall, lanky hunk of stud was taking pictures of her! It was crazy!
"Beautiful. Just beautiful," Tucker said after Jamar had worked all the angles. "I'd love to get some backside poses, but it's up to you Molly."
"Oh. I don't...know. I think I'm too hairy. I mean I really didn't expect..."
"Hey, if you're not comfortable we're not doin' it. But maybe we could go there next time? That way you can get yourself fixed up however you like."
"Oh. Okay. Yeah, I guess so," Molly said. "You sure you want somebody my age doin' this kinda thing?"
"Absolutely! When can you come back?"
"Oh. Let's see...same time on Thursday? Are we done today?"
"Yup, that was a great first session," Tucker said.
Molly got up and Marsha handed her a robe. She pulled it on and Marsha walked her back to the dressing room.
"You're really good Molly," Marsha said back in the closed room. "It's rare to see that twinkle in Jamar's eyes."
"Somehow I doubt that," Molly said.
"I've been here for years. Trust me, it's rare. Hey, if it happens again Thursday, you'll know you're onto somethin'."
———————
Molly called her sister Rita the next day and confided in her about the photo shoot. Rita was a few years younger, formerly wild, recently divorced, but mostly settled down raising her kids.
"You should ask him out," Rita said on the phone.
"Yeah right!" Molly said. "A super hot black guy that's twenty years younger than me? He's not gonna wanna date me."
"Hey, you never know. If he was lookin' at you that way, he probably wants to dosomethin'to ya."
"Oh God!" Molly said quietly. "Don't put that shit in my head, I gotta go work with him again!"
"Yeah, well, I'm just sayin', gettin' old sucks and we gotta grab it when we get the chance. Let's say neither one of us gets married again. How many more times are we gonna get fucked before we die? It's a sad thought, isn't it?"
"Rita!" Molly laughed. "What would Mom say if she heard you talking like that!"
"I hope she'd say amen sister. And we're not just talkin' gettin' fucked, we're talkin' ablackguy! Jesus Moll, if you don't suck on it I wanna."
"Rita! What the hell! I never shoulda mentioned it."
"You know, you always were way to conservative," Rita said. "You need to cut loose. Sex is fun. But enough about that. I'm just glad you're showin' off that rockin' body of yours. Let me know where they're gonna use the pictures. I wanna see 'em."
"I have no idea where they're gonna end up. Kinda makes me nervous. But I signed the release, so it is what it is I guess."
"I don't mean to be harsh, but you're a lonely, divorced cleaning woman. What the hell do you care who sees 'em?"
"Yeah, you're right. I should be proud of it I guess. I do look pretty good for my age, if the supermarket crowd is any way to judge."
"Damn right you do sister. Show it off. Make the rest of the world jealous. Make me jealous. Get some of that big back cock and I will be for sure."
———————
One more night of work before the next photo shoot. Molly's walking the empty halls, thinking about her ass hanging out in that little thong. Jamar and Tucker got a pretty good look at it even though she didn't pose with that side, and they still seemed to think she looked good. That gave her a little confidence. She had a feeling Tucker might ask for nudity though, and that was a whole 'nother ball of wax. Would she bare her tits in front of those guys? More than one of the photographers she worked with in her teens had asked for it, but she turned them down. Those were different times back then, less prudish about the whole under-age thing, but not nearly as 'porn friendly' as things are today. Maybe if she had a few drinks before she went she could loosen up more. No, that wouldn't be professional. Tucker was paying her good money to be a real model. It sure would help though, just a drink or two...
———————
"Oh yeah! They got a full bar out there! Lots of girls need it. Guys too," Marsha said as she worked on Molly's makeup in the dressing room. "Whaddya want? Tucker's an ace mixologist. I'll have him make you something."
Marsha finished up the makeup while Molly sipped on an Appletini. It was as good, and as strong, as any she'd had in a bar.
"So Tucker really loves your tits," Marsha said when it came time to dress Molly. "He's hoping you'll be okay in a thin sweater with no bra. Maybe a short little midriff kinda thing. He'd like to go with just that and a thong, but if you're not comfortable with that we can do some nice little shorts over it."
"Oh," Molly said, suddenly snapped out of the Appletini buzz. "Yeah, why not. My sister says I need to go for it."
"Oh you got a sis? That's nice. I always wished I had one."
"Yeah, Rita. Divorced, couple kids. She was always the wild one in the family. I feel like it should be her doing all this."
"Is she hot lookin' like you?" Marsha asked.
"Yeah. I mean, I guess I sorta got the model looks. But she's the lucky one in that regard I think. Attracting male attention just messes up your head if you don't have the personality for it. I never knew how to process it when I was young and it sorta screwed up my life."
"Well you can make up for that now," Marsha said. "A mid-life blossoming. Come outta your shell and be a party girl. Why should they have all the fun, right?"
"I always wished I could," Molly said as she pulled on a skin-tight little sweater. "I don't know. Maybe it's not too late."
"Come here and look in the mirror. It's far from too late. You look wicked hot in that."
Molly gazed in the mirror. She was still in her jeans, with a sexy little wisp of a sweater clinging to her braless tits. Either the Appletini was making her high as a kite or she looked smokin' hot. Smokin' hot was the answer. All the men she'd been with in her life loved her tits, and for the first time in her life she understood why.
"Holy shit!" she said quietly as she looked at herself.
"Nice huh!" Marsha said. "I wish I had a rack like that. Here, pull those jeans off. I got a wicked cute little thong I just bought for you."
"Wow, you did some work down there!" Marsha said when she saw Molly's well manicured crotch. "Nice. I know the guys say they like it both ways, but I just think it looks better trimmed up."
"Me too. I never thought I'd be in a thong the other day," Molly said. "That was embarrassing."
"Hey honey, a woman hot as you, at your age? You gotnothin'to be embarrassed about. You good with just the thong today?"
"I'm takin' my sister's advice," Molly said, downing the last of her drink. "Let's go."
"All right! I can't wait to see the look on Jamar's face. I swear to God you're doin' somethin' to him."
Molly walked onto the set behind Marsha, tits jiggling, ass swinging, empty glass in hand. Jamar took notice.
"Boss, the lady needs a drink," he said.
"Thank you Jamar," Molly said.
Tucker took her glass. She looked at Jamar longer than she should have. Tucker disappeared around the corner and mixed up a pitcher of Appletini's. He walked back into the light of the little set with a tray holding four glasses and the pitcher of the green elixir.
"I love it when work turns into a party," he said as he set it down on a table and filled the glasses. "Molly, you look unbelievable. Those gossipy witches at the pool would totally loose it if they saw how good you look today."
"Ha! You do know how to make an old gal feel good, I'll give you that." Molly laughed. "They are kinda witchy though, aren't they?"
"Let's put it this way. I never gave any of them my card."
Molly's confidence suddenly soared. It was good timing because she was standing there in a thong and her nipples were on full alert. She'd never been so on display before, and the session hadn't even really started.
"Cheers everybody," Tucker said, holding up his glass. "To the world's newest, sexiest MILF."
"Ha! Oh my God! No pressure there!" Molly said, suddenly feeling like she was in over her head.
"Pressure drop Miss Molly," Jamar said. "You know that song, Pressure Drop? Toots and the Maytals? You like some Reggae?"
"Yeah, Reggae's fun," Molly said.
"A little music boss?" Jamar asked Tucker.
"Sure. No need to ask," Tucker said.
Ten minutes later Molly was sprawled on a white, low-back sofa, on a set made up to look like a mid-century modern living room, with Toots and the Maytals throbbing out of the stereo. If Molly thought Jamar was almost dancing around her with his camera last time she was there, he really was this time. The reggae beat had him moving in an almost impossibly sexy way. At least that's the way Molly's Appletini infused brain made it seem.
Tucker choreographed Molly's drink into the shots Jamar was taking, and kept her glass full, along with everyone else's. Poor Jamar, with the camera in his hands, was the only one who couldn't drink, but he was high on Molly's tits. Yeah, he was a tit man, just as Molly had suspected. Molly didn't know it quite yet though. It was hard to tell what he was looking at with the camera up to his face.
"Can you lay face down Molly?" Tucker asked. "Look off to the side at the camera, like you're askin' it to look at that sweet ass of yours."
Molly had no problem with that. 'The camera' was Jamar, and she was kind of hoping he'd look at her ass. She knew it was naked except for a string down in the crack somewhere, but on her stomach as she was, she knew gravity was on her side, and she hoped it would look okay. Turns out Jamar's an ass man too. Some guys have a wide range of interests.
"Molly, are you open to working with a male model sometime?" Tucker said. "I'd love to get that dynamic going with you."
"Really?" Molly said. "I don't know. You may think I'm comfortable here, but I think I'd really stiffen up like that."
"Hey, no problem sweetheart. You alone is awesome. Roll over on your back baby. Yeah, that's it."
After a quick swig of his drink, Jamar circled in and snapped off a flurry of shots.
"So, you have male models too?" Molly asked Tucker.
"Sure honey. I can let you pick if you'd like. When we're done here I'll show you some shots."
Marsha whispered in Tuckers ear. Tucker looked at Jamar, and filled everyone's glasses as he contemplated the situation.
"Jamar, lets take five. Download what you've got."
"It's cool boss. Lots of room left," Jamar said, still working shots of Molly's ass.
"No, five everybody. Take a break," Tucker said.
He followed Jamar to the editing room down the hall, and told him what was on his mind.
"Whaddya think about helping Molly out today. I can see you guys have chemistry together. After all these years watchin' all the hot shit happenin' here, you ever wish you were in front of the camera?"
"You crazy boss?" Jamar said. "Them green drinks gettin' to ya?"
"Hey man, we're friends, but I'm a talent scout. When I see a couple that's gonna steam up the lens I know it. You wanna try somethin' with Molly?"
"Fuck yeah! But I wasn't thinkin' about in front of the camera!"
"Why not? You know I'm fair. The pay doubles, we all have fun. What's not to like? She's a sexy little thing, isn't she?"
"Yeah man. But what the fuck, if we do this we got no camera."
"Hey, I started this business behind the camera. I kinda miss it sometimes."
"Hey boss, if you can swing it, I'm in." Jamar said. "Don't push her though. She's too nice."
"Hey, you know me. If anybody's uncomfortable, it doesn't happen."
"All right," Tucker said as he and Jamar walked out on set. "I could try and deceive you Molly, and spin this in some way, but I'm not like that so I'm just gonna lay it out there. For a while now I've been looking for a way to get Jamar involved in front of the camera. He's way too pretty to keep behind the scenes. Molly, if you're more comfortable alone that's totally cool. Everybody'll understand that. But if you're wondering about teaming up with someone, Jamar here would like to give it a try. Totally up to you though."
"Yeah," Molly said, the Appletini talking before she got a chance to. "I need a refill though," she said holding out her glass. "Whaddya want us to do?"
"Well," Tucker said as he refilled everyone's glasses, "Chippy, he's my male stylist, he's not here today, so just take your shirt off Jamar, lay down with Molly, and we'll go from there."
Jamar wasted no time, climbing onto the couch behind Molly, in a way he knew would look good on camera.
"Now Molly, these couples sessions can go a lot of different ways," Tucker said. "We're open to all of them here, but the call is yours. If you say stop we stop. If you don't say stop we go. Know what I'm sayin'?"
"Yeah. Sexy stuff, right?"
"Yup. We love it here, and everyone has a good time, but it's your ballgame, okay? As far as you wanna go is as far as we'll go with you. We try and make this a comfortable fantasyland, and the fantasies are all yours."
"Okay. So...how do you want us to pose?"
Tucker held the camera to his eye and clicked off a few shots to get used to things.
"You're both pros. How about if you just roll with what feels good. I'll do my best to capture it."
Molly tipped her head back to look at Jamar. The exotic man of her dreams was right up against her, his tight jeans warm against her naked ass. Their eyes met and their mouths met a moment later. Marsha swooped in and took Molly's glass from her hand. It was game on.
The whole thing had happened in a way that baffled Molly. She found herself kissing a handsome black man on a sofa, her body positively screaming with desire. Was it acceptable? Should she be letting it happen? Damn it felt good! Jamar's hand roamed over her, big and strong, caressing her loose tits through the thin sweater. Fuck!...Damn!...Oh my God, she thought. Jesus fuckin' Christ! I wanna fuck this guy!
Jamar's head was in a similar place. Miss Molly's tits are sweet! Her pussy must be wet. Should I go there? Is it too soon? Fuck it, I can't wait!
Jamar's hand rounded Molly's thigh and his long fingers brushed the soft flesh near her asshole. She whimpered into his mouth as the hot kiss burned on.
Holy shit, Molly thought. How can I be thinking of fucking him here in front of people? It's insane!
Holy shit, Jamar thought, am I gonna fuck a woman in front of the boss and Marsha?
Molly rolled on her back. Jamar pushed up the wispy sweater. Miss Molly's tits went in Jamar's wet mouth.
Fuck!Molly screamed to herself. The real world heard it as a quiet, high pitched whimper.
"Oh Yeah," Jamar mumbled with his mouth full.
As he feasted on the big tits his hand slipped inside the tiny thong. It was a ridiculous defense as far as clothes go, and put up no fight whatsoever. Molly was wet, that was for sure. Sopping. Slippery. Nearly dripping with oozing sexuality. Jamar wanted to taste her, to drink it in, but how? Just do it? Something so bold, in such an odd situation?
"I wanna taste you," he said as he devoured her tits.
"Yes," Molly whispered between hot breaths.
Jamar maneuvered himself off the couch and stripped off his jeans and underwear. Marsha helped him and he was quickly back, the opposite way around, his mouth kissing Molly's thighs.
Molly was back in 'Oh my God!' territory, with Jamar's hard cock nearly in her face without even trying. A big fuckin' thing, that was for sure! Dark as the night, thick as a post, and long as a...oh my God, she didn't know what it was as long as, butoh my Godit was long!
She didn't need to think about whether it was going in her mouth. It just did. Hot! Throbbing! Fuckin' huge! And what the fuck was his tongue doing? Jesus Christ!He's right on my clit!
Jamar rolled on top of Molly. A man on top sixty nine. Marsha couldn't quite believe her eyes. She'd seen lots of hot shit at the studio, but Jamar's huge black meat plunging downward into Molly's pink mouth took the cake. It was insane. Molly's eyes rolled as her mouth was stuffed full and her clit was tickled. Fuckin' crazy shit was goin' on, and she was all in. No fuckin way was this gonna end without the works. The big fantasy. A big black cock, the one in hermouthfor Christ's sake, fuckin' the shit out of her forty-eight-year-old pussy. Down and fuckin' dirty. Under the lights. How proud would her sister be of that?
Too much thinking was followed by a shattering orgasm. Molly's body went out of control. No sex for alonglong time, a huge fantasy coming to life, the whole 'otherworldliness' of modeling at the studio — it all came together and hit her hard. Her mind spun out in a way it never had, and Jamar's tongue launched her off a high dive. Never had an orgasm hit her like that.
Marsha moved in and stripped off the thong and the sweater. Two naked bodies remained. Big younger cock found wet older pussy. Very little of Molly's sanity survived. Up on her hands and knees Jamar fucked her like an athlete, and Molly was lost in the ether. The reggae music set the rhythm and two souls joined in a dance of ecstasy. It was a fucking unlike anything Molly had ever experienced, her pussy stretched and stuffed to the extreme. Her insides were on fire when Jamar — after a long, delicious pounding — let her know he was close.
"Oh God yeah!" Molly grunted through clenched teeth. "I want you to cum in me!...Fill me up!...Please!...Fill me!"
Her eyes were rolling again when Jamar's big piston exploded. She could feel every throbbing spurt as the big tool unloaded its cargo deep inside her. An odd, floaty sort of orgasm rose up in her as Jamar emptied his balls. His crying moan joined with hers, and Marsha, standing on the sidelines, moaned loud enough to join in the chorus. Tucker, circling the action, captured it all with his camera.
——————
"Youfuckedhim?" sister Rita said on the phone the next day. "Oh myGod!"
"You kinda told me to."
"Yeah, but I didn't think you'ddoit! Molly are you all right? You mean you did it while they tookpictures?"
"Right there under the lights. I barely noticed the camera. And yes, I'm all right I think. I mean it was kinda incredible, the whole thing. Would you think I was crazy if I said I loved it?"
"Molly! Oh my God, I can't believe this."
"He wants me to come back for more. I think I want to."
"Morewhat!"
"Rita, they make porn. Haven't you figured that out yet? They specialize in older women, but I think they do all kinds."
"What the fuck Molly! Did they trick you into this, or drug you or something?"
"No, they're really nice people. I had control every step of the way. I didn't even have to show my cleavage if I didn't want to."
"Sounds to me like youlostcontrol Molly."
"Yeah, but I wanted to. Oh my God, Jamar is just..."
"So what happened when it was over?" Rita asked.
"Marsha had a robe ready for me. Tucker wandered off. Jamar said, 'Thanks Miss Molly, that was real nice.'" Molly laughed. "It was surreal, like a hallucination."
"You sure they didn't drug you? They got those things you know."
"No, they didn't drug me," Molly laughed. "What happened to 'You're too conservative, you need to cut loose, sex is fun'. You just told me that the other day, didn't you?"
"Yeah but...porn!Fuck Molly, you totally surprised me with this one. Next thing you'll be tellin' me they wanna make videos of you."
Molly smiled a little, and let the silence work its magic across the phone line.
"Molly no! You can't!"
"Why the fuck not? Like you said, I'm a lonely, divorced cleaning woman. Why the fuck shouldn't I? I think you're just jealous. Want me to tell you about Jamar?"
"No. I mean yes, but..."
"His cock is so black. It's like he dipped it in ink or something."
"How big?"
"Huge. Did you ever do the sixty-nine with a guy on top?"
"Molly! Oh my God! Tell me every detail. Don't leave out a thing..."
———————
Molly pushed her cart down a long, dimly lit office hallway in the middle of the night. One of her co-workers, a Mexican man about her age, was sitting in an empty break room when Rita arrived to do her cleaning. The cart rolled quietly on the carpet, and Juan didn't hear her. He was watching porn on his phone.
"Hi Juan. Takin' a break?" Molly said brightly.
Juan quickly switched off the little video and looked embarrassed.
"Don't worry, your secret's safe with me," Molly said. "I'm a new fan of that stuff."
"You Molly? You watch?"
"Somethin' like that."
"You prettier than those girls."
"Awe, thank you Juan. You're sweet."
"I better get work," Juan said in his broken English. "Boss man don't like sit."
"Yup," Molly said. "Work work work."
Juan wandered off and Molly sprayed down and wiped the table tops. The familiar scent of the cleaner filled her nose, but her mind wandered and she remembered Jamar's scent. She thought about how strange it was to have sex with a man that way, sort of quick, without the usual buildup, and have it be over in such a decisive way. Sex as a job. How odd and surreal it had all felt. Walking back in to Tucker's placeknowingthat was going to happen...wow, that was an even stranger thing to contemplate.
She wiped down the coffee counter and sprayed the vending machines with glass cleaner. A different smell, but the memory of the earthiness of Jamar's cock still overrode her senses.
Before she left the studio Thursday Tucker had taken her into his office to talk with her.
"I'll be honest with you," he'd said. "It's too soon to tell how well you'll adjust to this world, or if you even want to, but you've definitely got the right pieces of the puzzle to make it work. There are women your age who make a nice career out of this kind of work. I'll always pay you fairly if you want to stick with me. I've got a whole stable of men, both older and younger, who'd love to work with you, but like I've said right from the beginning, you get to call the shots. WhatI'dlike to do is get you in front of the video cameras ASAP, probably with Jamar because I think you'll be comfortable with him. We're usually at five-hundred dollars for a two or three hour session. Does that sound like something you'd like to try?"
As she wiped down the vending machines she wondered how Tucker would set things up for tomorrows session. Two or threehourswith that big cock? Would she even be able to take it for that long? Would she melt down the way she did the first time? God she hoped so! Sex had never felt like that, ever. Would Jamar still be into her as much, now that it wasn't new? Maybe he'd come to his senses and realize she was just another old gal trying to act young. And what if Juan stumbled onto a video of her getting stuffed full of Jamar's big cock? She literally trembled at the thought. A warm, wicked tremble, with its epicenter right in her crotch. A goddamned little orgasm, right there wiping down the vending machines! Fuck, life certainly had taken a turn, that was for sure.
———————
The little scene Tucker had set up was a logical one. Photographer hires model, photographer photographs model on bed, model sucks photographer's cock, etc. etc.
Those etceteras are what totally blew Molly's mind. The question of whether Jamar would still be interested in her was quickly answered. From the moment he got his hands on her naked body she knew it was real. A genuine connection. Lust seemed to ooze out of every pore on Jamar's beautiful body. She didn't realize it of course, but she was oozing the same beautiful stuff.
The cameras vanished from both of their minds. Tucker liked his porn to be real, so beyond a basic set-up to get things started, he just let things roll, and roll they did. The little bedroom set was a shambles when the two hour session was over.
In the middle of it Molly really did wonder if she'd survive. She was squatting over Jamar and he was slapping into her pussy from below, his cream covered cock a blur as it slithered in and out of her. She looked down to watch and couldn't believe her eyes. It was the most extraordinary sensation, almost as if she was levitating on the slippery friction. A scream rose up out of nowhere, and Molly's lungs rattled the windows in the studio. Jamar somehow kept up the wild ride and Molly melted down, even bigger than the first time they were together. She was astonished, exhausted and more than a little out of it. Tucker called a ten minute break.
"Jesus Molly," he said, "you're gonna put the rest of the girls outta business."
"What the fuck!" she said quietly as she tried to snap her mushy brain into focus.
"Jamar my man," Tucker said, "why didn't you tell me you could fuck like that?"
"I didn't know boss. Molly brings it out. She's too fuckin' hot, isn't she?"
"Well, you tell me if anybody else catches your eye," Tucker said to him. "I'll get you some more scenes."
"More with Miss Molly please. I could fuck her every day!"
"God, you'd kill me! I'm old you know," Molly laughed.
"When you guys are ready lets do a nice sixty-nine," Tucker said. "Molly on top for a while, and then roll so Jamar's on top for a while. That was super hot with Jamar on top the other day. Those photos are wicked. Don't be afraid to gag on that big thing Molly, that's hot these days."
"Really? Okay, it won't be hard to do, I'll tell ya that. I'm suddenly in love with huge cocks."
"I'll keep that in mind when I put you with some other talent."
"Wow, this is suddenly very real," Molly said. "Am I really doing this? Making porn?"
"You are and you're spectacular," Tucker said.
Molly finished her water and the cameras rolled. On top of Jamar, she licked the still gooey cream off his dark black shaft, cream from deep in the center of herself. Jamar's tongue flicked across her clit and the world went away one more time. Two bodies, becoming lost once again.
———————
"Holy shit Molly! That's him?" Rita said on the phone when the selfie Molly had taken of her and Jamar reached Rita's email. "He's gorgeous!"
Molly was in her robe in the picture, Jamar bare chested with a big smile. Molly was smiling too, looking tired and well satisfied.
"Jesus. I can't imagine," Rita said.
"You won't have to. I mean if you wanna watch the videos when they're ready, you can."
"Molly! Should I? You're my big sister. Should I be seeing that?"
"Hey, I don't know. That's up to you. But how can you resist, now that you know what he looks like," Molly chuckled.
"I know! God! He's so fuckin' hot! So what happened? You gonna tell me about it?"
"Two hours with just a little ten minute break. I have a whole new respect for men as sexual creatures. It kind of amazes me that up 'till now I'd never been with a man who knew what the fuck he was doing. Jamar just totally rewired my brain. You ever have a cock in your mouth with your head sorta hanging off the bed, sorta upside down?"
"No. I've seen it though. You did that?"
"Yeah. We did the guy-on-top sixty-nine again too. I can't wait to see that on video. His ass is so cute, it's gotta look amazing doing that to me. They said gaging's kind of a big deal, so I let him force it down my throat. It made all kinds of noise and brought up all this sticky, flemmy stuff that made him super slippery. I never new sex could be so dirty and wonderful. You ever taste yourself on a guy?"
"Yeah, that I've done. It's kinda sexy, isn't it?"
"Yeah it is!" Molly said. "His cock's as black as can be, and after he fucks me my...stuff, is like white and creamy. I was lickin' it off like it was a sweet treat or somethin'."
"God Molly! Now I gotta get my fuckin' vibrator out."
Molly laughed. She told Rita all about the session. The string of multiple orgasms, the massive shots of cum exploding out of Jamar, the titanic melt down she had squatting over his rapid thrusts as her pussy burned with a warm, smoldering fire. She talked about it all like it was almost normal, just something a forty-eight-year-old woman did on a nice summer afternoon.
"Be honest with me Rita," Molly said. "How crazy is this?"
"It's insane. But I wish I was you."
———————
"Beautiful day. Have you ever done any modeling?" Tucker said with a smile as he climbed the rickety bleachers at the pool. He sat down next to Molly. "I'd like to set up a session with another guy. You okay with that?"
Molly's whole body flushed with heat at the thought of it. Being with Jamar had happened sort of naturally, but this would be very different.
"I guess if I'm jumpin' in I need to jump in, right?"
"I was hoping you'd say that. I brought some head shots of a few guys. They're all (cough) well endowed. Any of them intrigue you?"
"Oh my God!" Molly said quietly as she looked at the shots. "What is he, like eighteen? And this one's older than me. And this one, holy shit he looks like a football player!"
"Yeah, he's like six foot eight or somethin' like that. Big all over, if you know what I mean."
"Fuck!" Molly said quietly.
She thumbed through all the pictures and went through them all again.
"Why don't you just pick one and over the next few weeks we'll work our way though the whole lot," Tucker said.
"Jesus! You can't be serious?" Molly asked. Her eyes were wide as she flipped through the stack one more time, pausing on one of the smiling men.
"You seem to like him," Tucker said. "His name's Mitch. Real nice guy. A pro model. Moonlights in the dirty stuff. I don't know how he gets away with it, but I guess none of his other employers have found the porn yet. He's really good. Want me to set it up?"
"It's as easy as that? I just pick a guy and he shows up and we..."
"Yup. Easy peasy. Like I said, everybody has fun and my studio."
———————
"Hi Molly, I'm Mitch."
Mitch's blue eyes twinkled and his perfect teeth glistened as he extended his hand. Fuckin' A, Molly thought, did this guy just step out of a magazine? Guys like this do porn? No wonder they're not available for marrying.
"You sure know how to pick 'em," Marsha said as she worked on Molly's makeup in the dressing room. "Mitch makes me wet every time he looks at me."
"He reminds me of those super hot guys in school that never paid any attention to me," Molly said.
"I know, right? At least I get towatchhim fuck every once in a while," Marsha laughed.
"How come you're not in front of the camera Marsha?"
"I'm married," Marsha said. "My old man would ring my neck."
"He doesn't mind you workin' here?"
"Sometimes I think he does, but he loves how horny I am when I get home. So I probably shouldn't tell you this, but Mitch can pull orgasms out of girls like fuckin' magic. He uses his fingers and his mouth. I've seen girls go almost mental."
"God! What the fuck am Idoin'here? I don't think I'm cut out for this stuff."
"Are you kiddin'? After what I saw with you and Jamar last week? You're way better at this than most of the women Tucker brings in. Anybody who can cut loose in front of a camera the way you did gets big respect from me. You'll be fine today. I can't wait to see it to tell you the truth."
"God. I'm so fuckin' nervous. What's the scene gonna be? Do you know?"
"Nothin' fancy. Just a simple bedroom. You guys are takin' off your evening clothes after a night out. I think it's gonna be really hot. I picked out some nice dresses for you to try."
On set half an hour later, all the men's heads swiveled as Molly walked out of the darkness into the light. Jamar was adjusting one of the fixed cameras while Tucker, Mitch and Chip chatted. The sight of her quieted them mid-sentence. It was just a simple black cocktail dress, but Molly wore it as good as any model. High heels, sleek stockings and a sparkling fake diamond necklace and earrings completed the red-carpet-worthy look.
"Molly! You were beautiful when I met you earlier, butwow!" Mitch said.
Molly blushed. Mitch looked almost unbelievably handsome in his black suit, a dreamy man if she'd ever dreamt one. Her suddenly rosy face and chest gave away her excitement, and her nerves.
Tucker was tempted to say that he had a feeling it was going to be a special day, but he didn't want to put any pressure on Molly.
"So, we're gonna keep this low key today. No dialogue," he said. "You two have just come home from a cocktail party. Molly, you'll be by the dressing table. Look back over your shoulder at Mitch to silently ask him to help you with your zipper, and then, well, you guys can take it from there. We ready? Okay, lets roll cameras."
Molly glanced in the mirror at herself, amazed again at how Marsha had transformed her into a real woman. She gathered her perfectly quaffed hair in her hand, swept it away from the nape of her neck and looked back at Mitch. Her body erupted in goosebumps as he stepped toward her and his fingers took hold of the little dress's zipper. Her lungs ejected all the air in them and she nearly fainted as she listened to the sound of the zipper going down, all the way to the crack of her lovely ass.
He pushed the little spaghetti straps off her shoulders, letting gravity take over. The slinky black fabric slipped down Molly's body, gathering at her feet. Mitch's first firm touch of her flesh came at her waist, one hand on either side of her as he stood close behind. A soft kiss on the side of her neck nearly melted her.
"Ohhhh!" she moaned softly.
Another glance in the mirror they were standing in front of made her wonder if she was dreaming. Marsha had dressed her in pure white lingerie — a strapless bra with lace on the edges; matching, high-cut panties; and shear, thigh-high stockings. With the glittering diamond jewelry and the movie star makeup and hair, it was as if another person was looking back at her. But she could feel the hands she was watching caress her waist, and she could feel the masculine lips nibbling on her neck. Very real too, was the sight of Jamar with a hand-held camera, moving slowly and smoothly, capturing the moment.
Mitch pressed his body against Molly's back, circled her waist with one strong arm, and squeezed a lace covered breast with the other. Molly's head turned and they kissed, her lungs emptying again in a quick moaning exhale.
The hand around her waist slipped down to her hip and then to her thigh, circling around the smooth flesh to the heat between her legs. Another moan vibrated out of Molly into Mitch's mouth as the hot kiss continued. His fingers teased at her crotch, tickling the soft flesh as her legs spread slightly.
The lacy panties did little to hold back the intruder. First one finger, then another slipped inside Molly. Mitch's hand, the one massaging her tit, squeezed a little harder and his arm held a little tighter as Molly's legs weakened. There was something happening she hadn't felt before, a strange, warm intensity that Mitch's fingers seemed to be tapping into. They were long fingers, deep inside her, doing something remarkable.
The kiss had broken slightly. Lips were still touching but Molly was breathing heavily out of her mouth, chuffing out great gobs of air as her body took over from her mind. Mitch held her tight as her legs lost the ability to hold her. She whimpered and gasped out unintelligible words as she lost all control, a trembling mass of limp flesh in Mitch's arms. A big one had rocked her hard, right out of the starting gate. Marsha looked on with an amazed smile, knowing that Mitch's magic had struck again.
With lips nearly touching it only took a few moments for Molly to respond with a wet, wildly passionate kiss. When she got her legs back under her she turned and embraced Mitch, feeling the hard lump in his pants against her for the first time. She dropped to her knees, grateful to get off of her shaky legs, and unfastened his pants. Strange as it may seem, she'd never had sex with a man in a suit before, and the whole situation was wildly sexy for her. She pulled down the nicely pressed pants and was shocked at the size of the cock that confronted her.
"God!" she muttered. A genuine look of astonishment on her face was punctuated with huge round eyes. "What the...!"
She looked up at Mitch and down again at her prize. Uncircumcised, fatter than a fuckin' hog, big enough at the tip but flaring to beer can girth in the middle, it was a whole new kind of cock for Molly.
The big orgasm had primed her horniness to off-the-charts levels. Simply taking part of the big cock into her mouth, the way she thought she was going to do, quickly morphed into something more akin to a wild animal getting its first food after days of empty hunting. Molly devoured Mitch's candy stick, losing herself and the rest of the world in the process. Mitch nearly lost himself too.
When Molly had driven him to the edge he pulled away. During the wild blowjob his suit jacket had slipped from his arms, he had untied his tie, and unbuttoned his shirt. Molly looked up at him, her face wet with saliva from her lusty feast. Mitch pulled her to her feet, spun her around almost violently, nearly ripped the strapless bra off of her and threw her down on the bed. Molly's eyes burned with dark, fiery lust. The devil was in the room and she loved it.
Mitch threw off his shirt and tie and stood still for a quick moment, waiting to pounce. He grabbed one of Molly's legs and pulled off her high heeled shoe. Her stocking clad toes went in his mouth as he looked into her burning eyes. Her other shoe was tossed on the floor and then her lacy panties were pulled off, none too gently. Molly lay fully exposed, Mitch holding her knees well apart as he took in the sight of her heaving bosom and glistening wet pussy. The pussy drew his mouth in like a magnet.
"Oh good God!" Molly whispered quietly at the ceiling of the old warehouse, somewhere in the darkness twenty feet above her head.
As Mitch's tongue danced across Molly's clit like a feather in God's own hand, she remembered Marsha's words about Mitch's magic ways. The first orgasm, when they were standing up, was one of those 'No, this is not happening. Holy shit it's happening!' moments. This time, flat on her back, totally relaxed and primed for it, it was like pure bliss. Mitch's fingers were deep in her again, working together with his mouth to give Molly a feeling of such unadorned sexual purity that it was almost like an out-of-body experience. Never had she felt such a warm flood of energy. There was no question that surrendering to it was the only choice. So she surrendered.
Marsha will tell you it was the most beautiful orgasm she's ever seen. Molly's body convulsed, not in a shocking way, more like a modern dancer. Smooth, graceful movements, completely beyond conscious control. Mouth open, breathing deeply but softly, eyes open then closed, open then closed, over and over and over again as her body moved with the purity of ocean waves. It was either a massively long orgasm a series of them. No one knew. No one cared. They just knew they were witnessing great sexual beauty.
Mitch slowed his artistry, letting Molly float down gently, and as she lay half unconscious he kissed his way up her body, nibbling and tasting her luscious tits for the first time. Up her neck he kissed, reaching Molly's dry mouth, still gulping cool air. Their lips met and the dryness flooded with warm wetness as Molly's tongue gathered up the taste of herself.
She felt Mitch's cock rubbing through her wet slit, the fat length of it slipping through as if on a water slide. Then the tip was at her opening, seemingly asking permission to enter. She moaned and spread her legs wider to welcome the handsome stranger. The first few inches were plenty big, slipping in and out a few times to test the waters. Then the stretching began, a gloriously slow forced entry that seemed to let a new light into her. God it was a big cock!
Soon Mitch was fucking her. No pussyfooting. No more slow stuff. Foreplay over. With her arms out at her sides, her white knuckled hands clutching at the bedding, her eyes rolled back and fluttering...she was fucked the way she sometimes dreams it's done.
"Oh God yeah! ...Oh God! ...Oh God! ...Oh God!" she said.
The fat as a hog cock was rubbing things she didn't know could be rubbed, although Mitch's fingers had found those spots earlier. That pure, unadulterated bliss overtook her again. Another beautiful orgasm. It passed and Mitch kept fucking. He pulled her arms in and held her wrists tight to the bed with his strong hands. She wasn't sure how, but his mouth engulfed a tit while he fucked away, never missing a beat. The feeling of that huge cock fucking her through the afterglow of an orgasm was unbelievable. So warm, so heavenly.
"God baby, you feel so good," Mitch said.
"Oh fuck!" Molly sighed, barely able to speak.
She felt the tell-tale heat again as Mitch's epic fucking continued. I couldn't possibly! she thought. Not another one! But yes, there it was, overtaking her slowly with that sublime warmth yet again. She could feel it flowing out to her fingertips and down her legs to her toes. When her body was saturated a loud sigh left her open mouth. This time it was a more violent reaction, her back arching up as a tight scream left her, echoing through the big studio. Mitch drove her to the summit and well beyond before pulling out, cock in hand, muttering unintelligible words as he pumped hot white cream all over Molly's writhing body.
"What'd I tell ya," Marsha whispered as she helped Molly wipe sticky cum of herself.
"That was fuckin' awesome people. As good as it gets," Tucker said. "After a break we'll do doggie and some girl on top."
"I think you're gonna set an orgasm record," Marsha said to Molly as she toweled off the last gob she could find. Molly looked a bit shell shocked by how things had gone so far.
"Jesus!" was all she could say.
———————
"I watched Jamar," Rita said on the phone.
"You didn't watch me?"
"Oh my God Molly."
"Is that a good 'Oh my God', or a bad one?"
"Oh my God," Rita said again.
"It beats cleanin' coffee machines, huh?" Molly said.
"Are you gonna keep doing this?" Rita asked.
"If you could see how satisfied I look today you'd know the answer,"
"Oh shit! Were you there today?" Rita asked.
"I got to play dress-up. It was so fun, and then..."
"What. Did something bad happen?"
"Let's see. Picture George Clooney giving you like ten orgasms. Would you call that bad?"
"It wasn't Jamar?"
"No. Mitch."
"Molly! This is insane! You do realize that, right?"
"Hey, I don't really care at this point. I feel like they've made some kind of huge mistake. Some beautiful young girl is supposed to be there instead of me. I'll probably get a phone call tomorrow telling me it's all over. Until they catch on and tell me that, I'm just gonna enjoy it. I'm not kiddin' Rita, if you could see the look on my face today. I haven't felt this good since I was twenty-five. Better than that even. I don't know how your sex life has gone, but this, this is like...nothing I could have ever imagined. I don't even care that people are probably gonna find out about it. Don't care. This is gonna sound nuts, but that kinda makes it even hotter."
"Your brother? What if Richy sees it Molly? Or Uncle Henry?"
"Uncle Henry's been lookin' at my tits for thirty years," Molly laughed.
"Oh my God," Rita chuckled. "You're right, but...I just can't process this."
"Maybe you won't have to. Like I said, I'll be shocked if they keep me around."
———————
Six month's later Molly was at Rita's house for the family Christmas dinner. Word had leaked out about her 'second job' and the conversation was a bit stilted until the cocktails flowed. Even then it never came up in group conversation because of the children. Molly could tell who knew by the way they acted around her, and she braced herself for some quiet conversations about it all.
"Rita, I'm surprised at you," Molly's Aunt Mary said. She had Molly cornered in the hallway. Her voice was quiet but scolding. "Really, I just can't imagine any of you girls would do such a thing. And you of all people, at your age."
"How'd you find out Aunt Mary?"
"Your Uncle, that's how. The men in this family," she said, shaking her head, looking disappointed.
"So he's seen me?"
"Of course he has. Once the cat's out of the bag..."
"The pussy, you mean?"
"Molly!" Aunt Mary said, unable to hold back a smile. Molly giggled. Aunt Mary giggled too, but looked embarrassed about it.
"See Aunt Mary? It's not so bad. Anything that can be laughed about isn't so bad. Think about all the ugly, horrible things that happen in the world. Giving an old man a boner isn't one of those things, I don't think."
"Molly stop it!" Aunt Mary giggled.
"So did it work? Did it help your love life?" Molly winked.
"Molly you're awful!" Aunt Mary said, unable to control her giggling. "But yes, yes it did," she whispered.
"What are my two favorite women gabbing about?" Uncle Henry said as he put a fresh, heavily spiked eggnog in his wife's hand. At sixty-eight years of age he still had a wonderfully mischievous twinkle in his eye.
"Oh, just talking about some of our favorite films from the past year," Molly said. "I've heard you like the art house pictures Uncle Henry. The ones with the really deep subject matter."
"Oh, yes," Uncle Henry said. He cleared his throat and looked flustered. A rosy blush flushed his face.
"I'm glad to see you looking so healthy Uncle Henry," Molly said as she kissed him on the cheek. "Don't you love a man with some color in his cheeks?" she said to Aunt Mary.
"Did you pick your name Molly, or do they give it to you? If you don't mind me asking," Uncle Henry said.
"The studio owner sat down with me and we came up with a bunch of 'em," Molly said. "But Donna Deeper seemed appropriate. I sorta specialize in the...bigger boys."
"I don't think we need to be asking any more questions," Aunt Mary said, pushing her fascinated husband back to the party. "I like a big man too," she whispered to Molly before following him.
Later that night, Christmas Eve, Uncle Henry and Aunt Mary were home, getting a little frisky. She had had two too many eggnogs, and Henry had spiked them hard. He took a chance and talked her into watching Molly's Christmas video. With Frank Sinatra on the stereo and the sound turned down on the TV, they watched 'Donna Deeper' take a nine inch cock from behind, with a Santa Claus hat on her head. Doggie style was something they had never tried, but soon Henry was in almost as deep as Molly's man, and Mary floated away. She couldn't wait to learn more tricks in the New Year. Like Molly had said, giving an old man a boner wasn't such a bad thing. Nope, not a bad thing at all.