Some days later Michelle received a telephone call.
As a result she drove to a petrol station and waited. At the allotted time she started pumping fuel, keeping watch for a red Lexus. As predicted, the car arrived with Charlene driving. She pulled up at a pump in the next aisle and Michelle hailed her – purely by accident of course.
They chatted, exchanging empty words about the weather and how terrible it was that there had been a death at the party.
Then without anything of value being said, as prompted Michelle exchanged cell numbers and then left. That was it; what had been the point?
* * *
A week later there was a news-splash. A woman had been arrested 'following the death of a male at a party'.
A name was given – Jade - but Michelle had never heard of her; neither had Derek. Some days later there was a picture published of the suspect. It took a while but then they recognised her; it was the slave who had been whipped at the party.
Michelle was contacted again, she was required to give a full statement to the police. So off she went again to the Police Station, by the underground railway this time avoiding the parking difficulties.
She had been wearing her comfy-knickers and big bra but then she thought – Andy might be there.
Almost subconsciously she changed into white lacy lingerie. A casual T-shirt and short denim skirt over the top, did she look like mutton dressed as lamb? She didn't care, she was turning into a regular libertine.
This time she did indeed speak to Andy who was wearing skin-tight jeans and a T shirt that showed his muscles and the bulge between his thighs.
Michelle could hardly take her eyes from his crotch as he wrote, prompting her for exact minutiae. She barely heard him over the sound of her beating heart. Like a silly teenager, she thought. She was at least ten years older than him.
When it was over and she had signed and signed until she had cramp, she asked him what had happened. Andy suggested they go elsewhere where they could be more relaxed and talk.
They found a nearby bar where they could sit and have a drink - and Michelle could ogle Andy's bulge. He sat with a foot propped up on a handy ledge allowing her a good view whilst he explained.
"The slave-girl Jade was in a relationship with both Anastasia and Bernie, they had a BDSM thing going on - the slave act and whipping had been theatre for everyone's benefit.
"Mike had become carried away with the pool-orgy and made a clumsy pass at Jade. It had escalated and Jade had stabbed him with the stem of a broken wine glass, causing him to fall in and drown. Simple, nothing to do with the drugs investigation.
"It was more to do with the reason for the journalist's infiltration and she had been lucky that I had been the only witness when we went into the back room and we had to strip. Of course as soon as she did, she revealed the hidden camera in her clothes. She had no choice but to take me into her confidence.
"I don't know why she was taken by surprise by it, there was plenty of information in the contract; we were paid a lot of money to take the chance that we would be naked at some point. It was quite clear that there was a lot of nudity and possibly sex; involvement in the goings-on was expected and explicitly laid out.
"Of course, on that day she could well have gotten away with it if it hadn't been for the vote. There were plenty of serving staff that remained clothed all through the night.
"The normal police-press relationship saved us both that day. We promised not to reveal things that would compromise each other, but afterwards her revelations led to many salacious details being published. She has to earn a living after all.
"You see, it's not like it's depicted in TV drama. The press and cops feed off each other, journalists depend on interviews, heads-ups on events. If they have something critical they'll let us know.
"If a journalist prints a story about a police raid that's about to take place they'll never get a story ever again. Simple."
He continued, "Charlene was also in a relationship with Jade and had comforted her in her distress. As soon as the girl had realised that she (and all her relationships) were being investigated, she bolted. We needed the cell phone of Charlene so that they could identify the calls being made by Jade; we were then able to track the girl's phone until she could be arrested."
Michelle was still confused. "How did you get the cell number, I didn't tell you."
"We knew your number. When you swapped numbers with Charlene, we were monitoring your phone, you made a brief call to get your phone number on hers – and vice versa. It's just a daisy chain, easy. We were already trailing her, we knew that she normally fuels up at that stop. So when she started on the journey we made sure that you were waiting."
She realised that she had stopped gazing at his crotch and moved to his deep brown soulful eyes. Her foot had also moved onto the ledge, mirroring his action like an impressionable child. His eyes had shifted downwards, the opposite of her.
She followed his gaze; he was staring up her short skirt at her white panties.
Michelle started to put her foot back onto the ground but stopped herself. Very slowly she moved her knee sideways, opening the view to her knickers. She felt stupidly randy - did she have that damp spot again? She didn't dare examine herself to check. She kept her head level and shifted her ass forward on the seat.
Andy was still burbling on about the investigation but she was finding it difficult to concentrate, knowing that he was peering up her skirt. Then she realised that he had stopped talking and was just sitting still, gazing at her. He smiled, "I didn't recognise it with its clothes on."
He had bought a few rounds of drinks, Michelle had stood her corner and bought some as well. She was feeling drunk, reckless and dangerous and had lost interest in the whys and wherefores of the investigation. He must be giving out good pheromones – she was properly horny.
Eventually it was time to leave the bar. Michelle made her excuses and visited the bathroom. When she returned, she did something so outrageous that she struggled to even contemplate it. She turned to Andy and gave him the tiny bundle concealed in her hand. It was soft and white; it was her panties.
So they walked together. As she was going commando and feeling the fresh air circulate around her nether regions she was becoming even bolder and more randy. He was holding in his hand the intimate garment still warm from her body, leading her to a place she did not know where.
He paused at the front door to a house and produced a key. "I don't travel very far to work" he murmured and let them in. Once the door was closed he eased down the zip fastener on her skirt and she stepped out of it. He showed Michelle around the tiny town house, bare-arsed under her T-shirt stretched over her bust.
Andy opened the door to the bedroom and she led him inside, pulling her T shirt over her head. Michelle stood just in her high heel shoes and white lace bra with her hands on her hips waiting for him to undress.
He shrugged his T-shirt off and unbelted his tight jeans. They were quickly discarded along with his boxers and Michelle turned for him to unclasp her bra. He slowly slid his hands around her waist and cupped her heavy breasts, lightly pinching her erect nipples between his fingers and thumbs. He supported and lifted them feeling their weight, nuzzling her neck with his slightly rough chin.
She shivered at the bristles on her neck and ear and reached behind for his heavy, stiffening cock, holding it and feeling its heat with her cool fingers. She turned and knelt before him, squeezing her boobs together over his penis. She moved her body so that his glans emerged purple and swollen from her cleavage, in front of her face. She kissed it and then relaxed so that he withdrew into the flesh.
Again and again they moved together, so that he fucked her breasts with a kiss at the end of each stroke.
She stood and placed her hands on the bed to support herself, bending over double, straight legs wide apart to present him with her pussy. He was fully erect, she was relaxed and lubricated. He presented himself to her fanny, pausing at the entrance for her to push back against him so that she took his length into her body.
My God he was big. She pushed harder, feeling herself being stretched wider than she had ever been stretched before. Once he was into her passage she braced herself, still for a moment to allow her body time to adjust then she pushed harder to envelope him further, deeper and ever deeper with each stroke.
He started to thrust and she rocked, feeling his testicles bounce lightly against her clitoris. He felt her muscles clench around him and then he moved powerfully, taking over the rhythm. He caught hold of her hips so that she couldn't pull free – not that she desired to at all. Michelle was concentrating on experiencing and remembering every sensation, every thrust.
She leaned forwards until she was on the bed and then he allowed her to move forwards so that they were kneeling together and he was pounding into her, making her gasp and her breasts swing wildly. He had good control, better than she. She grunted and orgasmed, bringing her hand up to her pussy so that she could touch her clitoris at the same time.
Her fingers found his scrotum and he allowed her exploring touch to encircle his most sensitive parts and pull him in further as he felt her pulsating grip.
She lay down, forcing him to withdraw and then turned around onto her back, legs high and straight in the air.
Slowly she separated her feet and moved her legs apart until she was almost in a splits position and her labia wide open. Her shoes were finally flicked off and she accepted his body again, wrapping her long thighs around him.
She locked her ankles around his waist and controlled his pace long enough to allow herself to come again. Then he was in a frenzy, as she relaxed her thighs to allow him to set the pace. He rammed his penis deep into her vagina until her labia was tender and bruised. Eventually he exploded into her.
She hugged him, keeping him firmly inside as he expelled his fluids and willing his every last drop to be hers.
They relaxed together entwined side by side, still connected. As he softened Michelle shifted her position to keep him inside her, unwilling to allow the connection to break. Eventually as he diminished she felt the fluids oozing from her, so she disentangled her legs. It was a lost cause she knew, to try and stop leaks.
He lay back, luxuriating with his spent cock flopped sideways. Michelle was aware that she was full to the point of overflowing and lay for a while feeling the warm substance trickle between the cheeks of her ass and over her anus. The sight of this always fascinated her husband so she made sure that Andy could see it.
He watched idly as his emissions formed globules bubbling from her before spilling into the shadowy cleft of her buttocks.
She caught her breath, moved and found her T-shirt and skirt. She left her white lacy lingerie for him to have as souvenirs of her just as she had her more temporary keepsake of him.
Michelle stood slowly, being careful not to let her body squirt a sample with the movement. She replaced her shoes, skirt and shirt and feeling exhilarated strode from the house, feeling the stickiness lubricate her thighs as she walked.
* * *
Michelle travelled home on the train, standing so that she could relish the slow trickling on her thigh – and avoid any unfortunate stains on the seats.
When she arrived she reluctantly showered away the evidence of her afternoon. It was harder to wipe away the smile from her face.
Derek arrived from work wanting to know what had happened. She explained about the murder but she certainly didn't feel the need to update her husband as to why she had just showered.
So the murder had been solved; more of an accident really - the woman Jade had never intended to kill anyone. Mike had pestered her, not taken 'no' for an answer and she had lashed out.
The real victim here was perhaps Louise, Mike's shamed wife. She had not been seen since the death, but now the body could be released by the coroner for the funeral.
A week later the service was held. Not many present were regular church-goers but the small church was overflowing, mostly with Mike's colleagues from work. Many were there to pay their respects to a departed friend, others to gawp at the merry widow who had attended the scandalous orgies that had been reported so fully and given so much entertainment to the populace.
Louise played the part perfectly. Elegant and dignified in a veil and fitted black dress that managed to emphasise her sizeable breasts and toned bum. Even when the tears flowed she looked sizzling hot.
Afterwards she hosted a wake held at a local hotel where she was able to graciously receive condolences both well-meaning and insincere.
Michelle kept a discreet low profile with Derek.
* * *
Sitting at the back of the hotel function room, Michelle and Derek happened to encounter Richard and Angie, who of course had been at the St Valentine's party where it had started.
They hadn't met since, so as the gathering started to disperse they were still talking. Then Louise joined them, upset with tears in her eyes.
"I'm dreading this, I can't do it"
Michelle was concerned, "What is it Louise?"
"It's been an age since it happened, now suddenly it's final. He's never coming home. I have to go home to an empty house and he's never going to be there again, I can't do it."
There were hugs and empty words of consolation, and without anyone really knowing how it happened arrangements were made for Louise to stay the night with Michelle and Derek.
* * *
Michelle started to make up the bed in the spare room and Louise sat downstairs with Derek, gripping a mug of hot cocoa. Eventually it was time for bed and Louise disappeared. After some moments Michelle and Derek settled to sleep, when their bedroom door opened and Louise entered.
She said nothing but crawled into their bed under the quilt, racking with sobs.
Michelle shifted to allow her into the middle. She felt somewhat awkward as She and Derek never wore anything in bed, then she realised that Louise appeared to be naked also.
It soon transpired that Louise was wearing panties, but as the bed was very cramped with three of them, there was a lot of flesh – mostly of the bare female variety - in close contact. In fact it was difficult to do anything but have a group hug so they did, and soon they were asleep.
* * *
In the morning Derek found himself with a woman's arm across his chest and still half asleep, he rolled flat on his back so that the arm slid onto his stomach.
The heavy weight was uncomfortable on his belly so he automatically shifted the arm down to to his hips. The owner of the arm stirred and it moved further south to take hold of his penis.
All lay dozing for a while longer, then Derek as he waked he grew an erection that filled the warm grasping hand. Louise instinctively moved, finding the intimacy that she had missed for so long.
Then Michelle stirred and draped an arm over the form alongside her but instead of a firm flat chest her hand found a large globe of soft smooth flesh. It moved under her touch and had an area much like a large ripe pimple. She opened her eyes and found that she had encountered a woman's breast with an erect nipple.
Michelle snapped awake and sat up, throwing back the quilt to find Louise's massive right tit in her hand. Louise woke up and found that she was fondling Derek. Derek woke up and decided to lie still and say nothing.
Louise snatched her hand away from Derek and started crying and apologising.
Michelle gave her a hug and told her that it was alright, not to worry, she knew that Louise hadn't meant to wank her husband.
Louise settled down again and lay with her eyes shut, hoping that the whole embarrassing world would disappear. Michelle looked at Derek's erect cock exposed when the quilt had been thrown back. She couldn't allow him to have a stiffy that had been created by another woman, so she reached across and took ownership, helping it maintain its perpendicular status.
Louise lay for a while, feeling Michelle reach over her to stimulate Derek. The longer she lay there, the more uncomfortable her panties were; tight and cutting into her skin. Louise did not normally wear anything to bed and surrounded as she was by naked people, she felt a little out of place.
She also needed to take a leak so she slithered down the bed and went to the bathroom without disturbing her hosts. When she returned, Louise checked through the doorway to find the others still in the same position, inviting her back into bed.
Louise crawled back under the quilt returning into her original position.
Michelle continued stretching across her, one breast close to Louise's face. Not quite as large as Louise's massive boobs, Michelle was of course still very well developed for the rest of her body. Gradually the breast drooped further against Louise until it was in contact with her cheek and she turned to snuggle against it, as if it were a soft pillow.
Louise found her face in the cleavage of her friend, the warm bosoms all-encompassing and protecting from all the stress of the world. Michelle's leg rose up to entwine over her friend as she continued caressing her husband. Derek was motionless, he was having his testicles stroked and was feeling relaxed.
Louise thus snuggled into the comforting body that was enveloping her with flesh. The two women hugged each other beneath the quilt and presently Louise and Derek were both dozing.
Michelle hugged the warm soft female body, then allowed it to settle back. She studied Louise's face, looking so trusting and unstressed. Michelle had never touched a woman's breast before; the feeling was so unfamiliar. The smoothness and softness was surprising. She had touched herself of course but this was totally different.
Slowly, gently, she touched Louise's breast again. The nipple was flat now and as her finger trailed feather-light over it, it felt even softer than the surrounding area.
Michelle repeated the action, softly feeling the downy skin as the flesh wobbled at the contact. Eventually the nipple rose and Louise stirred. She opened her eyes just as Michelle quickly withdrew her hand.
Louise caught the hand and firmly replaced it to her breast, snuggling in even closer and holding tight by catching hold of Michelle's ass. With a swift wriggle she was suddenly between Michelle's thighs and holding those boobs against her face by hunching her shoulders.
Eventually Louise needed to breathe, so took her face from Michelle's cleavage. Their faces were close together and so she kissed Michelle on the lips. "Thank you, I've missed company so much. People don't realise how lonely things can get."
She glanced across at the sleeping Derek. "The other thing I really miss is sex. Simply being penetrated. Doing it solo is fine for relief, but sometimes you need proper sex." Her eyes welled with tears, "God, I miss Mike."
Louise lay back, still entwined between Michelle's legs as if joined at the hip. "Just now, that was so natural. I'm sorry, I simply needed to feel a penis again. You don't mind really do you?"
Michelle felt sorry. "No, I don't mind. Just ask me next time."
"Can I ask you now? Please? I really need a penis inside me, it sounds stupid but I do."
A thought flashed to Michelle that she was being blackmailed into a ludicrous situation. However Louise didn't hesitate for any answer but turned her body around and reached for Derek's cock. Swiftly she brought it to stiffness and as his eyes opened, she broke free from Michelle and climbed over to straddle Derek.
She pulled her panties to one side, reached behind her to grasp the erect organ and carefully placed it in the appropriate position before sinking down over it.
She let out a loud sigh as she impaled herself and turned back to Michelle. "Thank you. I keep on saying that but you have no idea. I've really missed that feeling."
She rocked against Derek as he, by now fully awake looked at Michelle with amazement.
Michelle felt that she had no option but to agree for her husband to have sex with her friend in their bed in front of her.
Louise brought her feet up alongside Derek's hips so that she was squatting and able to move more easily. Her huge breasts bounced and wobbled as she fucked, bringing herself to fulfilment within a few minutes.
Louise collapsed, her breasts smothering him. He moved so that he could breathe and she rolled to the side, his penis leaving her body. Swiftly Michelle climbed across to straddle the still-erect organ. She penetrated herself with it and commenced having sex with her husband. As try as she might she couldn't let someone else have the final touch.
However, Louise wasn't finished. She got up ,kneeling on her hands and knees still with her panties pulled on one side. She looked at Michelle, pleading. "Please, can I? I need it so bad."
Michelle climbed off and pulled Derek up. "Go on then, she needs fucking. Help her out."
Derek aimed his penis at the vagina that was presented to him and plunged straight in, right up to the hilt. Louise grunted loudly and fell onto her elbows. He grabbed her by the hips and began fucking her furiously.
Michelle watched the hanging breasts judder with every stroke, admiring the forces that were transmitted so effectively. It was an effective technique for both of them and soon Louise was resting her chin on the quilt, her pussy raised to the maximum so as to allow the deepest penetration.
They both came together, Derek pushing with extra effort to grind against her body. She squealed and together they fell forwards to lie on the bed.
Michelle watched as they lay still, sweat pouring from them. Automatically she rolled her husband onto his back and straddled him again, forcing his oozing and softening penis back into her own vagina.
For the first time she was able to see a pussy leaking her husband's semen, the sight that had always fascinated Derek. It was interesting, she agreed. The fluid was dribbling in a line of slimy goo over Louise's clitoris as she still lay on her front. Louise took off her panties before they became too soaked.
Michelle was fighting a losing battle with the penis. Soggy and limp, there was no life in it and as soon as she tried to move it escaped and she had to wedge it back in.
* * *
Louise lay on her side with one knee raised, her pussy oozing. "I don't know why I've kept shaving myself, it seems strange when Mike wasn't around any more. Just habit I suppose.
"Have you been to any more of the parties at Bernies? We enjoyed them so much, they were really wild to start with, they've calmed down a bit recently - although I suppose a murder counts for something, they never had one of those before."
Michelle was sitting still, keeping Derek inside her. "We went to another one, it was themed on Nefertiti."
"Oh my, did you do any research before you went? They like it to be quite accurate don't they."
"We got caught out with our costumes being the wrong age, otherwise it wasn't too bad once that was sorted."
"I had quite a time on my first one, it was based on some Roman Empress. As a punishment for having completely the wrong costume, I was stripped and called a whore. Then I had to have a competition with Anastasia. I've never had a night like it.
"My God she must be lined with shoe leather. I couldn't walk for a week afterwards."
* * *
A few weeks had passed and Louise had come to visit holding a party invitation. Michelle was curious.
"Bernie has sent me a card for their next event, he asked if you wanted to come as well. The theme is 'Louis XIV the Sun King'. I think I'll go, I need to start getting out of the house."
"The Sun King? That doesn't sound too wild. What did he get up to?"
Louise smiled. "I think it's more to do with the women. The men's fashions were tight leggings, codpieces and long wigs, but the women wore low cut dresses with their breasts hanging out."
"Never. I didn't hear about that in school."
"There were lots of things they never mentioned in school. Check out portraits of Queen Elizabeth the First, which was a little earlier so the fashion wasn't so extreme but you can see quite clearly. She wore very low tops that must have exposed her breasts but the pictures have been altered over the years to paint over the nipples. Look online, it's obvious. There was even a report by the French ambassador that when he met her, he was surprised that she had her 'girls' out for the boys."
"The Virgin Queen? I don't believe it."
"Like I say, check it out. There's a theory that she emphasised her virginity by showing breasts that hadn't suckled, but I don't go with that myself – there's lots of pictures from that time that show women with low tops. Poorer women couldn't afford the properly designed things that the rich had, so they produced the same effect with tops cut right down to the navel.
"It was very fashionable. Anyway by the time of the Sun King women were rouging and piercing their nipples, not just being nonchalant about them or pretending that they'd popped out accidentally like Janet Jackson."