5am and Abigail woke up to an empty bed, something slightly disconcerting. Being in Henry's arms made her world seem safe and normal even though she knew it wasn't. Sitting up she looked around and there he was, kneeling on the side of the bed, his head peeking over the mattress, looking at her.
"What are you doing down there, Henry?"
"Looking at you."
"You'd creep me out less if you'd get back in bed."
"I love looking at you."
"I know you do, now could you get back in bed?"
"Not until I give you something."
As he rose he held a small box and opening it he asked, "Would you marry me?"
She said nothing but eased herself out of bed and went quickly to the bathroom, closing the door behind her. Confused, he heard her sobbing and said to her through the door, "Are you okay?"
"No"
"Well what can I do?"
"Nothing"
She continued to sob.
"I number two you, Abigail," he said, trying to comfort her through the door.
"I love you too," she sobbed.
"Can I come in?"
"No"
He got a dining room chair and planted himself in front of the bathroom as she cried for the next half hour. As it tapered off he asked, "Did I do something wrong?"
"No"
"I'm right in front of the door if you need me."
After a few minutes she opened the door and climbed into his lap and wrapped her arms around his neck and started crying again.
"What is it, baby?" he asked gently.
"I want to marry you so much but I'm afraid. My parents were a mess. I came from that mess. What makes me think we're any better? I'm afraid we'll lose what we have."
"Faith in each other," he said, "is all we have and faith is all we can expect. Faith that I will adore you forever and faith that you will always love me. I just don't want to have lived through a life without you as my beautiful wife and partner because I was afraid of failure."
Now he began to cry and she was holding him and wiping away his tears.
"Yes," she said.
"Yes?
"Yes! No man will ever understand or accept me the way that you do. You're the only one. I can feel it in my heart. Yes."
***
Later that morning after breakfast Henry picked her up in his arms and went out the front door. "What are you doing?" she laughed.
"Giving my fiancé a lift to work,"
***
Henry and Abigail decided to keep their engagement between themselves for awhile. His divorce from Lana was fresh and Candy's future was in flux so better save their nuptial news for a more stable day. Abigail wondered if there was such a thing.
At the morning meeting, Henry announced that Candy was coming back after her relationship sabbatical with Charlie. "She didn't mention anything else about it. She just texted me that she'd be back by noon, ready for work."
"Hard to know what that means," said Ginger. "I hope she's alright."
Henry was getting down to business, "Ok, we have no morning appointments but at one it goes like this: Lana has Bob who's always looking to fuck a married girl so, Lana, now we'll have to fake it." (Henry looks at Abby)
"Ginger has, appropriately, Mr. Red Head." His needs were very specific; he had a mania about red heads and could only get it up for a pretty one. Even he thought it was a strange but years of flaccid blowjobs with blondes and brunettes convinced him that red heads were the only way to go. On top of that he fantasized about the classic farmer's daughter and referred to Ginger as Emmy.
"At two, Abigail has Mr. Dolled Up and he wants Barbie as a department store lingerie salesgirl."
"At three I gave Candy a new guy who said, 'I just wanna fuck a cute girl.' It sounded like a low bar so to help Candy get back in the groove...
"Finally, Edgar, do your thing and keep the peace. Because I reluctantly trust you to make the right decision, you will find a new room monitor at your back door station. Don't abuse your privilege and just sit back there and jack off all day."
"Ya," interjected Abigail, "thank goodness he has a good role model like you."
"Okay," Henry admitted with a smile, "guilty as charged. But remember, Edgar, the girl's safety is more important than your dick."
"Yes, sir," said Edgar and saluted once again.
"Please stop that...oh never mind."
***
On cue at noon, Candy appeared on the landing, "Hi, Henry."
He rushed to hug her and held onto her until everyone had come down from their rooms to welcome her back. Lana broke the obvious question, "So when's the wedding?"
"Well, we had a great time except for the last day when I mentioned that I missed you guys. He couldn't understand why I'd want to keep working at the cathouse after we were married. He kept asking why I'd want to be a whore. It came up repeatedly, 'Why would you want to be a whore?'"
"You had to expect he'd want you to quit," said Lana.
"Yes, THAT'S something we could talk about, but he kept calling me a whore and your 'whore friends' this and that. I started to get mad. I said, 'You sell used cars, who's a bigger whore?' I said, it was a job like any other, I was good at it and I enjoyed it. And people were happy after seeing me, 'not like when you sell them a shitty used car that falls apart as they drive off the lot.'"
Lana couldn't get enough of the story, "OMG, then what did he say?!?"
"Then he told me he loved me but he wasn't sure he could have a whore for a wife. I said, 'Charlie, I'm the same girl you fell in love with. You told me it didn't matter. You told me you loved me no matter what. What happened?' He said his friends keep at him not to do this. Then I told him about Henry and Abby and what an amazing love they have. He said, 'ya, but they're whores.'"
"Uh oh..."
"I told him to fuck himself, that Abby was my sister and Henry was my friend. I said, 'If you don't respect my family, you don't respect me. You need to go away and think about what love and friendship mean.'"
No one said a word, not even Lana. They just looked at each other. Abby started crying and so did Henry. One by one they hugged and kissed Candy on the cheek.
"Hey," said Edgar trying to give some comic relief, "Candy Kisses!"
***
Ginger:
Right on time, Mr. Red Head must have been thinking of Ginger on the way over because his dick looked like it was trying to make a jailbreak from his pants. Ginger came down to get him thinking 'Would he want to watch my ass going upstairs or Edgar's?'
She stood on the landing wearing tight Daisy Dukes, a plaid shirt tied at the midriff, a straw hat and barefoot. "Emmy! C'mon you little spitfire, let's have some fun before your daddy runs me off again."
In her room he asked what he always asked, "Emmy, you hot little fuck, I can't get enough of you but when are you gonna stop shaving your pussy and let that red bush grow out."
"I'll think about it," she always said with a slight twang in her voice. "Look what I have for my man," and she undid the tie in her shirt followed by the buttons. "These are for you to play with, big boy."
He took a double handful of her lovely breasts, licking and sucking them until her nipples were erect. "Emmy, every time I'm with you it feels brand new. Maybe you and I should run away together so I can give you more of this...." He stood up and freed his considerable hard-on, offering it up to her parted red lips.
***
Lana:
Henry and Bob made their usual entry to Lana's room and there she waited, invitingly posed against the headboard in only bra, panties and heels. "Honey," said Henry in character, "I didn't get my morning piece of ass from my wife."
"I was just up here waiting..." she cooed. "I'm glad you brought Bobby with you. He knows how to finish the job."
"You bet I do," said Bob, pulling up a chair. "Now, Henry, pull her panties off, eat her and make her cum."
Henry did as directed and went down, her fingers running through his hair. "Oh god, Henry, oh shit that's good. Ya, honey, you're right on it. Oooo, fuck, yes! Faster, baby!! Ohhhhhhhh, yes!!!!" She pulled his face on her, his tongue flicking as fast as he could. "Henry, Henry!!!!!!! Ohhhhhhhhh, fuuuuuccccckkkkkk!!!!!!!!"
The orgasm tightened and shook her entire body before relaxing. "Oh fuuuuccckkk, Henry!! That was so good. My pussy is ready and waiting for you, darling."
"Get your pants off and fuck the bitch, Henry!"
Henry, his face still wet from her climax, quickly got naked and plowed her dripping cunt. Bob loved it when he drove her into the headboard.
"That's right, Henry, fuck that bitch wife of yours. Harder, man!!!!!"
Bob held her ankles in the air, loving the view of Henry's ass banging up and down on her. Lana and Henry smiled at each other, surprised at how much fun they were having. Bob had his pants off and was stroking his cock.
"Fuck her! Fuck her!!!!"
"I'm cummmming, Lana."
He clenched his jaw and at the peak of his orgasm he held his breath to prolong the ecstasy.
"Nice," said Bob, whose fetish of fucking a freshly fucked married woman by her husband was setup perfectly as cum eased back out of her hole.
"Look at that..." said a happy Bob, as he mounted her.
***
Henry, back at his desk, full of afterglow, greeted Mr. Dolled Up, brought to him by Edgar.
"Abigail will be excited to see you," said Henry, "You're one of her favorites." Whether or not that was true didn't matter to Henry whose hyperbole worked wonders on the customer's psyche.
Especially after telling him her new rate. Dolled Up was a little surprised with the price hike but also philosophical about it. "She's the best I've ever had so I guess the best is what she deserves."
"I do have a question if you don't mind, Henry," said Dolled Up, "but these girls must see a lot of men. Do you really think I'm one of her favorites?"
"Absolutely. She loves your playfulness and she thinks you're really sexy. She told me."
"Wow...isn't she delightful? If I were thirty years younger..."
"Edgar. Take our esteemed guest up to see his lady in waiting." Edgar had a blank look on his face. "Abigail," added Henry.
Mr. Dolled Up's genteel politeness in the greeting room in contrast to his sexual command in the bedroom always fascinated Henry.
***
Abigail:
She stood behind a makeshift department store counter, basically a long dresser pulled into the middle of the room. "Yes, sir, how can I help you?"
She wore a conservative but stylish blue pant suit and a homemade name tag reading, 'Barbie'.
"Well," reading her name tag, "Barbie. I wanted to buy some lingerie for my girlfriend."
"Oh, I can help you with that, Mr.... "
"Johnson"
"Mr. Johnson, do you know her size?"
"I'd say she's close to your size."
Abby had laid out different outfits and began to hold up and describe each one.
"I can't quite get the full picture, would you mind trying them on for me?"
"Right here!?!"
"Yes"
"But someone might see..."
"Yes, they might..."
"Unfortunately, it's against store policy for an employee to model lingerie."
"I'm sure the store manager would value a sale over modesty. There's no one around at the moment."
"Well...maybe just one outfit."
Mr. Johnson sat in a chair facing the dresser and watched Barbie striptease the pantsuit. He was getting hard.
Henry, watching through the monitor, was getting hard too.
Out of the suit she stepped back into her heels and put on the first outfit, a lace bra and crotchless panty set with a baby doll negligée over the top.
Edgar was watching in the back monitor and stroking it like crazy.
"Come closer, Barbie, so I can see it better."
Standing in front of him he ran his hands over her curves.
"What are you doing, Mr. Johnson."
"Try before buy, Barbie." He stood up. "Get on your knees and suck my cock so I can see what it looks like in the negligee."
"Mr. Johnson!!"
"Suck me, Barbie."
She unpinned her hair and the long blonde tresses fell down her back. She went to her knees and did as instructed working his cock between her luscious lips. She lifted his shaft and took one of his balls in her mouth.
"Oh, Barbie...."
He got so lost in her expert oral manipulation he nearly lost his load. "Bend over the counter, I have to fuck you."
"But someone will see us."
"You'll sell more lingerie if they do."
He found her slit with the head of his cock and forced his rod deep. His fantasy of fucking a real live Barbie took over and he manically slapped her ass and pulled her hair.
Henry was furiously jerking at the scene of Abby's pounding. It was his girlfriend, now his fiancée and it was always electric when she took cock.
Edgar couldn't look away having never seen Abigail sexually entertain a customer. He was out of his mind and decided, as part of his pay agreement, he would request to fuck her next in the rotation. "Little doll," he said to himself right before shooting his cum across the vinyl floor.
***
Candy:
Candy kept the uniform simple with all black bra, panties and black heels. He was a newbie, presumably easy to please and he might not even last the first fifteen minutes.
Edgar put down his dick long enough to let him in.
"I'm Kirk, here to see Candy," he said nervously.
Edgar guided him to the greeting room. "This is Candy's three o'clock, Kirk."
Kirk just looked around everywhere, unsure of the environment he'd put himself in. He looked about 19 or 20 and somewhat trepidatious as to what he was going to do.
"First time?" asked Henry.
"Ya, I guess I'm just slow at some things. I'm just so nervous around girls that I've never had sex, I mean, other than masturbation. I just thought maybe coming here would help me get going."
"Maybe you're right. I put you with Candy and she is not only young and beautiful but has a kind heart. She'll guide you along and before you know it you'll relax and have a good time. Would you like to meet her first?"
"Ya, could I? It's a lot of money."
Edgar went to get Candy and she returned, posing at the landing, "Hi, Kirk."
"Wow..." he said, "wow."
"Do you want to come with me?"
His eyes were huge and he was so nervous he kept saying, "Wow" before he moved on to "Yes".
"Beautiful, isn't she?" said Henry.
"Wow"
She held out her hand. "Come up to my bedroom and let's play, baby boy."
"Wow"
In her room she sat him on the bed and pulled his t-shirt and pants off. "Let me entertain your cock and then I want you to fuck me with that thing."
He was completely mesmerized. She put on some slow R&B and danced for him, touching herself seductively. It was a masterful performance and by nature he stroked his cock.
"I want your cock between my legs, baby boy," she said as she incrementally lowered her panties. As she stood naked she reached for a red sucker on the nightstand and let her tongue tease him with it. "Wanna lick off my sucker?" she asked, holding it out to him.
He licked it. "Wow"
"Know what else I like to lick?" She aggressively went down on him and he moaned, "Ohhh, Candy...wow. Oh. I'm cumming."
Candy pulled off immediately. "Don't wanna lose it too soon," she said. Laying him back on the bed, she kissed him and tongued his nipples. "Do you like that, baby boy?"
"Oh, Candy...a lot. You're so beautiful, I can't believe this is happening."
Straddling him, "I'm going to guide your cock into my pussy and fuck you. Do you want that?" He could only nod. "And I want you to relax and just enjoy it."
Very gently she took him into her. She undulated slow and steady to give him time to absorb the act. Even so she was sure that his excitement would cause a quick climax but to her surprise he settled into a rhythm.
Locked in on her eyes, "I love this, Candy."
"Yes, baby. Your dick in me feels so good. Fuck me til you cum."
It was no sooner suggested when Kirk picked up the energy and released his cum with a growl.
"Oh wow," he exhaled, and let his blissful body relax onto hers.
"Thank you, Candy."
"You're welcome, baby."
"I want to see you again. I just need to set aside some cash to make it happen. I'm not making a lot at my job yet."
"I'll look forward to seeing you again."
"Can I kiss you once more?"
"Of course, baby, you're still on the clock. I'm yours."
He kissed her long and hard. After which she laid there for him to view while he got dressed. From the moment he pulled out, his 19 year old erection stayed hard and he struggled to button his jeans.
She smiled, "Come here, stud, I can't let you go out like that."
She took the jean flaps from him, yanked his pants back down and took his dick in her mouth. She worked him over, in and out, taking him to the hilt until...
"Oh god...Candy...oh fuuuuccckkk, uhnnnnnnnnn." She swallowed all of it and helped him pull up his pants.
He sat down on the bed, "Sorry, I'm a little dizzy." They laughed together and he kissed her again.
***
That evening at home, Abigail and Henry wrestled with when to reveal their engagement and twisted themselves into a knot as to how and when. Abby loved her ring and wanted to wear it but that was on hold as well.
Henry paused and then said, "Here's a self serving question; what if we stop trying to be so delicate and just tell everyone. It's not like our relationship is a secret and our friends are glad we're together, even Lana."
"You think? Maybe trying not to hurt anybody, all we're doing is hurting ourselves. This should be a happy time."
Abby retrieved her ring from the nightstand drawer and asked Henry to put it on her finger. As he held her hand her cell phone rang. "Hold that thought, Henry."
"Hello...Hi, honey...What's wrong?...What?...Oh no, sweetie...Yes, of course I will...No, you weren't interrupting anything...I'll be right over."
Henry put the ring back in the box.
"I'm sorry, babe," she said, "Candy's having a meltdown. Charlie called and didn't think he could be with her. She's crying so hard I couldn't understand what she was saying. I have to go and talk to her and instinct tells me I'll probably be staying the night."
He kissed her, she grabbed a couple of things and as she went out the door Henry called out, "Give her my love."
That night, for the first time in a long while, he slept alone and felt the emptiness of her absence. He hated the void but at the same time was comforted by the all encompassing love she gave to those closest to her. It was one of the reasons he loved her.
The more he thought about the light that was her, the more he realized that even when she was gone he would never be alone.