Introduction
Mimi and I were married in 2001 on her 18th Birthday. We both came from very privileged backgrounds and had known each other since childhood as our fathers were business associates. We had shared many family holidays together.
Mimi's mother is Japanese and her good looks and slender figure have certainly been passed on to Mimi.
My mother died after a prolonged illness when I was 11. She was a very wealthy woman in her own right having inherited a fortune from her family's shipping company. She had set up a trust fund for me that matured on my 18th birthday. I did not realise how big the legacy was until it matured and I inherited a portfolio of property, stock and bonds valued at over £750,000,000. I was three months older than Mimi so by the time we became Mr and Mrs Stevens, I was a very rich spoiled kid.
We returned from our honeymoon in my Dad's Villa in Bali and settled in to our luxurious Kensington penthouse; a wedding present from Mimi's parents. With three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a roof terrace it was the ultimate extravagance.
My working life consisted of a week at the quarterly auctions at my dad's Fine Arts business of which I would become joint owner on my 21st birthday. Mimi spoilt rotten by her parents, and by me as well now, was a true lady of leisure.
Mimi had done a lot of gymnastics at school. I also liked to keep fit so we filled our time with regular gym visits and yoga classes. We both took up Kick Boxing and became reasonably adept.
We both like Karaoke as well and quite often went to the local pubs when Karaoke was on. A combination of that and our parents influence had given us both a love of 60's and 70's music. I was a half decent guitarist while Mimi, though specialising on the flute, could play most woodwind instruments.
Although we wanted for nothing our upbringings had been quite sheltered and our early sex life was a bit like learn as you go. One morning, after another clumsy attempt at love making I said jokingly "Maybe we should watch some internet porn to get some ideas."
"That's a great Idea," Mimi smiled. "No time like the present."
We went into the study and turned on the desk top. I was surprised how easy it was to access porn and we surfed for almost an hour watching all sorts of sexual gymnastics in different situations until the maid service turned up.
Mimi had already acquired the taste to show off, dressing to make the most of her near perfect body so it was no surprise that the exhibitionist and outdoor porn seemed to really excite her.
Watching porn together became a regular pastime and it certainly helped us in the bedroom as we experimented with some of the positions we had discovered and added some role play to our love making. We tried oral and anal sex for the first time.
Our sex life improved dramatically over the next few months as our confidence built.
I noticed that Mimi was walking round the apartment naked more and more and leaving the blinds open. Being a penthouse apartment it was only overlooked by the penthouse opposite so I doubt that she was seen very much but it excited me nevertheless.
Mimi's wardrobe was getting more daring and she loved the looks she got when we were out and about. I loved it too if I'm honest. I felt lucky knowing that I had what other men wanted.
We had had plenty of holidays in exotic locations mainly at the various holiday homes our parents owned but, except for our honeymoon, had never travelled on our own.
One sunny June afternoon we were sat on the roof terrace sipping wine.
"Do you ever fancy a holiday that is independent from our parents, Mimi?" I asked
"How do you mean?" she replied.
"You know, just the two of us somewhere warm where we're not waited on hand and foot."
"That sounds great."
The following day we went to a local travel agent and booked a fortnights self catering holiday in Ibiza. When we told our parents both of our fathers were mortified that we were "slumming" it but Mimi's mum was the voice of reason as usual. "They have to have their independence to find what they want in life," she said to Mimi's dad. "Remember what we were like at their age."
"That's what worries me," he replied with a smile.
IBIZA, July 2004
Day 1 (Friday) 2nd July.
We didn't completely slum it. We upgraded our flight and flew first class with BA from Heathrow, landing in Ibiza at 11:30 Am; half an hour getting through passport control and retrieving our luggage and a pre-booked taxi transfer got us to our Apart-hotel by 12:30.
We checked in and I booked an extra night to fit in with our return flight. We were in a third floor room. We were looking round for the bellboys but there were none. The receptionist directed us to the lifts and for the first time in our young lives we had to carry our own luggage.
The apartment was quite spacious with a kitchen/diner/lounge area and a separate bedroom with an ensuite bathroom. Both rooms had patio doors leading to a large balcony with a pool view. We were quite impressed.
We unpacked our cases, another first, and I opened the fridge to get us a drink. It was empty. I must have looked stupid as I stared into the fridge in disbelief.
"We're self-catering, remember, "Mimi laughed. " We need to go shopping."
After freshening up and getting changed we spent a couple of hours acquainting ourselves with the hotel facilities. We were pleased to see that there was an indoor pool and a small but reasonably well equipped gym with a Jacuzzi, sauna and steam room. There was a small 24-hour supermarket in the basement.
We had a drink at the Pool bar. Mimi attracted some admiring glances and I have to say she looked really hot dressed in figure hugging shorts and a crop top that came to just below her bust.
"We better go shopping," she said. We finished our drinks and headed downstairs
This was another first for us. Neither of us had ever shopped for anything other than clothes and occasional presents. I picked up a basket on the way in, the sort with wheels on and a telescopic handle. We walked along the aisles. We had no intention of cooking while we were here so we bought snack food, a couple of cartons of fruit juice and some tea bags. I added a couple of litre bottles of water and perused the wine isle. I couldn't believe how cheap the prices were. There were five litre wine boxes for 10 Euros!
"This must be like vinegar," I said to Mimi
"You've been spoilt," she retorted. "Just get a box of each. I'm sure it won't be that bad."
I did as she said but added a couple of bottles of wine to be on the safe side. I went to the till. I tried to pay with my credit card but the girl shook her head.
"Cash only," she said in heavily accented English.
Fortunately I had enough cash to cover the bill.
We took the lift up to the third floor, found our apartment and unpacked our shopping.
"Do you want a Wine?" I asked Mimi.
"Shall we try the red?"
"OK. I'll bring them out to the balcony."
It took me a while to figure out how to open the wine box; it was the first one I had seen. I poured us two good measures expecting it to go down the sink within five minutes and took them out to the balcony. Mimi was lying back in her chair with her arms behind head. Her top had ridden up exposing the bottom of her nipples. She looked incredibly horny.
I put the glasses on the table.
"I was nearly asleep there," Mimi said stifling a yawn and stretching. Her top rode higher completely revealing her breasts. As she sunk back into her chair her top stayed rested on the top of her breasts but she either didn't realise or didn't care.
We drank some wine. It was decent and very quaffable considering the price.
"What do you want to do tonight, Mimi?" I asked.
"I'm quite tired," she replied."How about we have a few more wines, do a bit of people watching and eat in the hotel restaurant. Then after a couple of more drinks in the bar we can have a nice slow fuck and get an early night."
"That sounds great," I said, massaging her still naked breasts.
The hotel was built in a U shape surrounding the pool area. Our room overlooked the pool and the facing rooms of the hotel complex. It was right in the corner of the U. A lot of the balconies on the same floor as ours and some of the ones above had a clear view into our apartment, especially those that formed the base of the U. I didn't realise then how that would shape our holiday.
I poured us a couple of more drinks and we watched the activity round the pool and on the balconies we could see.
When we were half way through our third wine Mimi suddenly pulled her top down.
"I think someone saw me," she squealed
"You can't be surprised," I answered. "We've been sat here for nearly an hour watching other people so some of them must be doing the same."
"Do you think they would have liked my breasts, "She asked.
"I'm certain of it," I answered as I went to get us another wine.
"Are you trying to get me drunk?" she giggled faking a slur in her voice.
"Do I need to?"
We both took a fit of the giggles.
I checked the restaurant opening times and read the write up in the hotel literature.
"Hey Mimi," I called. "It's an all you can eat buffet restaurant for 25 Euros including a half litre carafe of house wine per person. Do you fancy it?"
She nodded her approval. We didn't bother changing as we had no intention of being out long.
We made our way downstairs and joined the queue to eat. This was another first for us.
The buffet style of eating was also a bit of a shock. A waitress took our drinks order; we settled on a carafe of white. Once it dawned on us that we had to serve ourselves we went and picked a few things.
The food was not good and most of it was only lukewarm. The upside was that the wine was surprisingly decent. We finished with a selection of pastries for dessert. They were the best part of the meal. We finished our wine and made our way to the bar.
"I don't think we'll eat here again," Mimi said quietly, sipping her rum and coke.
"It was your idea," I retorted
"I know and I got it wrong. Maybe I should renege on the last part of my plan."
"I'm sure we'll manage that," I replied with a smile.
The bar was quite busy and the empty tables around us soon filled up.
Mimi said she needed the ladies room. I'd spotted the rest rooms while I was at the bar and pointed them out. Mimi stood and made her way to the Ladies room. Almost every guy in the bar watched her as she moved between the tables. I felt an immense sense of pride that my wife could have that effect on men.
The attention she got was much the same when she returned to our table.
I told her of the appreciative looks she had got and was still getting from those guys sat around us.
"Do you think I'm sexy?" she asked mischievously, fluttering her eyelashes. Rod Stewart sprang to mind.
"Simply the best, better than all the rest," I replied. We both started laughing.
"Do you want another drink, Mimi?"
"Can I have a cocktail; a blue lagoon please."
"No problem," I said and headed off to the bar making a detour to the toilet on the way.
When I returned with the drinks it was obvious that Mimi had adjusted her crop top somehow and the bottom of her breasts was clearly visible.
I leaned toward her and whispered "You're taking your showing off to new heights."
"Are you complaining?" she said with a smile.
"Not at all," I replied. "Feel the bulge in my shorts." We both laughed out loud. Mimi's top rode a little higher as she swayed with laughter.
We finished our drinks and went back to the apartment. It was only 10 o'clock but darkness had set in quickly.
"Do want another drink," I asked turning the lights on.
"The white should be chilled by know. Let's try that," Mimi replied. "I'm just going to take a quick shower."
I opened the white wine box easily after my earlier practice. I poured myself a glass and took it to the balcony.
There were plenty of lights on in the block opposite and I sat back and watched went on. I saw a few people getting ready to go out. It was still early by Ibiza standards.
"Drinking alone," Mimi laughed sitting next to me in a bathrobe.
I went and poured her a glass, topped my own up and returned to the balcony.
"The wine's pretty good," I said.
I put my arm around her and we sat in silence for a while.
Mimi cuddled into me, resting her head on my shoulder. "Do you think I showed off too much tonight," she whispered.
"Not at all," I replied. "You looked horny as hell."
"And you didn't mind?"
"I loved it."
We settled back and drank our wines watching the lights go on and off in the opposite block.
I poured us another drink and as I went back out a balcony light came on at the apartment two up from ours on the U base.
A couple came out onto the balcony. I guessed they were in their thirties. The woman had a towel round her but the guy was naked and obviously excited.
The woman spotted us and gave a wave. Mimi waved back.
The woman dropped her towel and leaned over the balcony rail. Her partner moved behind her and, without any foreplay started fucking her from behind. I was mesmerised.
Mimi had opened her bathrobe. She was stroking her clit. We watched as they built to a crescendo. The woman pushed her man away and knelt in front of him. He jerked off until he shot his load on her face. The lady stood, turned toward us, cum running down her face and waved again. They disappeared into their apartment. The balcony light went out shortly after. The seed had been planted in Mimi's brain.
We finished our wine and went in to the bedroom. We embraced and I pushed Mimi's robe off. I hastily removed my clothes. Our 'nice slow fuck' turned into a frantic sex session. We tried most of the positions we had learned from the internet. Mimi's climax was incredible. It was probably our best ever sex.
We lay on the bed. As Mimi turned on her side I said I was going to grab a quick shower. I don't think she heard me as she drifted off to sleep
It wasn't until I came out of the shower that I realised we had left the balcony door wide open and made love with the lights on. There seemed no point in changing things now and spooned into Mimi's back. I slept like a baby.
Day 2 (Saturday) 3rd July
We woke early and had the 'nice slow fuck' Mimi had promised the day before. It was a great way to start the day.
"Do you fancy going to the gym, Mimi?" I asked as I made us some fruit tea.
"Not a bad idea but nothing too strenuous. We need to save our strength for other things," She replied coyly.
She pulled on her bathrobe. I followed her onto the balcony with the drinks. Mimi hadn't tied her robe and her neatly trimmed bush was on full display. I didn't complain.
"Are you hungry," I asked. She shook her head
"After the gym we could spend some time round the pool. The pool bar is bound to sell snacks," Mimi suggested.
"That sounds great," I replied finishing my tea. "I'm going to have a shower."
When I came out of the bathroom Mimi had discarded her robe all together. She had packed an oversize beach bag with stuff we needed for the day.
Mimi took a quick shower, pulled on a white T shirt and shorts and we headed off to the gym.
I knew the use of the gym was an extra cost so I went to the reception and paid for the two weeks we were going to be here. The receptionist told me that the spa area was open from 8 am until midnight, gave me two fob keys for access and asked me if I wanted to book for dinner. I declined.
We spent half an hour or so in the gym. I made use of the free weights while Mimi used the cross trainer and the rowing machine. Although the gym area was air conditioned I was sweating freely.
"Fancy the Jacuzzi?" I asked Mimi.
"Yeh, I need to relax,"
"Do you want to use the sauna and steam room?"
"Not today," Mimi replied. "Next time maybe."
The Jacuzzi was at the far end of the indoor pool. There was an open shower to clean off before using the Jacuzzi. We walked along the side of the pool. No one was swimming but there were a couple of older guys in the Jacuzzi but it was big enough for us to share.
I stripped my T shirt off and rinsed off.
Mimi looked at the guys in the Jacuzzi and smiled. She took her T shirt and shorts and rinsed off.
She took my hand and led me to the edge of the Jacuzzi. "Should I put my bikini on?" she whispered.
"A bit late now," I replied looking at the already excited faces on the guys.
We lowered ourselves into the swirling water. I doubt Mimi was the first naked lady to be in that whirlpool but I'll wager she was the fittest.
"The water's too warm," she said out loud and stood up to cool off posing for these two strangers.
I couldn't believe she was being so brazen. She came and sat in front of me and placed my hands on her breasts. I couldn't refuse and fondled her.
The two guys were stroking themselves. They both stood and made a move toward us.
Mimi raised her hand and said "Watch but don't touch."
They both sat back down. Mimi stood and started stroking her clit.
"Finger fuck me," she whispered. I did as she asked.
Our watchers were furiously jerking. They both shot their load very quickly. Mimi wasn't far behind although it was nothing like the convulsive orgasm of last night.
We rinsed off and Mimi took a smaller bag from the large one and put our dirty gym gear in it. She threw me a towel and we both dried off. Our two Jacuzzi friends were still ogling Mimi. I should have felt a little peeved but I didn't. I was as excited about Mimi showing off as she obviously was.
Mimi bent over the bag with her back to the Jacuzzi. Her feet were slightly apart so the guys got a good view of her arse and vagina. She found her Bikini bottom, a tiny white thong and slowly put it on. She was milking her audience and absolutely loved it.
She took her Bikini top from the bag and turned to give the guys a final look at her breasts before slipping it on. It just about covered her nipples. She pulled out a sarong and wrapped it around herself tying it just above her breasts.
She turned towards me and asked "will I do?" Three heads nodded vigorously. She smiled.
We stuffed everything back in the bag. As we were leaving Mimi turned to the men and said
"See you later, Boys," in her best seductive voice.
We went to the pool bar and ordered a mineral water each. We sat in the terrace area. Mimi removed her sarong and stretched.
"Do you think I went too far before?" she asked.
"Do you think you did?" I replied.
"Probably, but I loved it."
"So did I and the guys in the Jacuzzi won't forget it in a hurry? Let's go find some loungers."
We had to go to the opposite side of the pool to find a couple of empty sun beds. I didn't mind as I took in the girls round the pool; most of them were topless. I noticed a lot of the guys were checking Mimi out too.
We spread our towels on the loungers. "I don't need this," Mimi said removing her bikini top.
"Put some lotion on, it's very hot. Let me do your back" Mimi advised.
She sat behind me on my sun bed and squeezed the sun lotion on my back and massaged it in. I returned the favour. We both oiled the rest of our bodies and lay back to sunbathe.
"You're getting a lot of admiring glances," I said
"So are you," she replied.
"What?"
"You're pretty ripped, Nick. A lot of girls would want to get their hands on you."
I blushed, beetroot red, but enjoyed the compliment.
We laid back and took in some rays.
I quickly got bored and swam a few lengths of the pool. When I climbed out I noticed I did get some admiring glances.
I sat letting the sun dry me.
"Do want a drink and a bite to eat?" I asked.
"Sex on the beach and a pizza," she murmured.
They didn't serve cocktails at the beach bar and no food was allowed round the pool.
I told Mimi. "Let's go in the bar and eat," I suggested.
We packed up our stuff and headed into the bar.
Mimi had wrapped her sarong around her. It did very little to hide her breasts
I went to the bar to order the drinks.
"You need to wear a top, sir," the barmaid said.
I went over to Mimi and explained that I needed to go back to our room for a top. Like a magician pulling a rabbit out of a hat she reached into the bag and pulled out a polo shirt. I pulled it on and ordered the cocktails and a pizza.
The Barmaid poured four drinks. "Happy hour, Two for one," she explained. "I bring your food."
I ferried the drinks back to our table in two trips explaining about the two for one.
"Whoopee," she said. "We can get pissed at half price."
The pizza arrived, a rather bland ham and cheese but we ate it. I ordered a couple more cocktails and four turned up again.
I checked my watch. I couldn't believe it was only 2.30.
"If we're going out tonight," I said, "We better make these our last".
We went back to our apartment around 3 o'clock to get showered and changed for the evening. Mimi showered first and I followed on. We had had great sex that morning and even though I was feeling quite horny I didn't push it.
When I came out of the shower Mimi was sitting on the bed naked applying after sun oil. I sat next to her and, looking through the balcony door, I saw a guy on his balcony looking directly at Mimi. He was no more than 30 feet away.
"You have an admirer," I said. Mimi looked out and saw the guy. She stood up and moved toward the balcony window. I was expecting her to close the curtain but she opened it fully and opened the balcony door giving our voyeur an unobstructed view of our room. She gave him a wave and said to me "we better give him a good show then. "
She sat on the edge of the bed making sure she was best positioned for our watcher to have the best view. "Come and oil my back, please," she asked. I moved behind her and started to massage her shoulders and back with the oil. The guy was still watching intently. Mimi just looked right back at him with a slight smile on her face.
"Massage my boobs," she pleaded. i didn't hesitate. As I played with her boobs I could feel her nipples hardening. Knowing this stranger was watching really turned me on and I had the biggest erection I could remember.
Mimi had spread her legs to show our friend her nicely trimmed bush. She took my hand and placed it between her legs. I stroked her clit. I could tell by her wetness that she was really excited. I started to slowly finger fuck her. As she moaned I increased the pace until my fingers were ramming in and out of her. Her breathing was getting heavier and she was arching herself against me. "I'm coming," she screamed. She pulled my hand away as she had a convulsive orgasm. Mimi has always enjoyed her orgasms but this was something else as her juices flowed from her like a fountain filling the room with that musky aroma that only a well satisfied woman can produce.
She flopped back into my arms as her breathing recovered.
"You said you wanted to give him a show and you certainly did that," I said.
"It's not finished yet," she replied.
She stood up and checked she still had her audience and gave him another wave. She turned and pushed me on to my back. She lay on her side facing the window with her head on my stomach. She took my still very erect cock in her hand and starting stroking. Then she started kissing and licking it and then started a deep throating blow job. It was all I could do to hold back.
I propped by self on my elbows to see if we were still being watched and sure enough he was still there. He gave me a questioning shrug to see if I minded him watching. I gave him a thumbs-up and lay back down.
"Time for the grand finale" Mimi said. She climbed on to the bed planting a foot either side of me. Still facing the window she lowered herself down until she was straddling my groin. She was staring intently at her admirer as she guided my penis into her. She was really wet and I pumped up and down as she met my movements with her own. I knew I wouldn't last long and I knew Mimi could tell.
"Don't cum inside me," she said. "Let me know when you're going to come."
We kept going for a few more seconds until I couldn't hold back any more.
"I'm going to cum," I shouted.
Mimi jumped off of me and knelt by the open balcony door.
"Cum on my face," She screamed. I stood over her and shot several ribbons of spunk all over her face. She stood up with the Jizz dripping from her chin and turned toward the balcony. He was still there. She blew her admirer a kiss.
"I think I need another shower," she said.
Half an hour later we were sat on the balcony in our bath robes with a large wine each. Not much had been said since our show finished but I could tell Mimi was a little anxious. I asked what was wrong.
"You must hate me. I behaved like a slut earlier and I'm so sorry," she sobbed. "Please forgive me."
"Hey darling, I certainly don't hate you and I found it a real turn-on" I replied reaching out for her hand. "I haven't ever come like that before and I don't think you have either. Don't beat yourself up over something we both enjoyed."
"Are you really sure?" I nodded my head. "I don't know what possessed me," she continued, "but it felt so good; the thought of him watching us really turned me on."
We talked about it while we drank our wine. I convinced her that I was more than happy with her behaviour and told her that even before today I had enjoyed the way men looked at her. She asked if we were ever likely to repeat the experience. I just said we'll have to see if the opportunity arises but let's hope it does.
I got us a couple more wines as we watched the activities round the pool and on the opposite balconies.
"I wonder how many of them may have seen us." Mimi mused.
"We'll never know," I replied. "but it adds to the excitement that some may have done."
We finished our wine and I said we should get ready to go out. Mimi said OK. She stood up, removed her bathrobe. She stretched her naked body giving plenty of time for anyone watching to enjoy the sight. She dropped her robe in my lap saying "bring this with you but don't draw the curtains."
Mimi spent a lot of time walking round the apartment naked as she touched up her nail varnish and pulled her hair into a pony tail. She finally got dressed. I said before that she liked to dress to show off her body but she excelled tonight. She chose a pair of cut-off denim shorts that barely covered her arse cheeks and a low cut baggie vest with looping armholes. It covered just about enough of her breasts for common decency but every move exposed different views of her assets. Mimi isn't big busted at 34C but this T shirt made her look spectacular. She checked herself out in the mirror and I asked if she was comfortable going out like that.
"Not a problem. They can look but I'm all yours."
"Come on let's go then, but don't get upset if I've got a hard on all night."
We decided to have a drink in the hotel bar before hitting the promenade bars. I had just ordered the drinks when I got a tap on the shoulder. "Let me get them." It was our watcher from earlier. He ordered himself a drink and said to me quietly "I wish my missus was half as adventurous as yours" I didn't have the heart to tell him I had only found out at the same time as him.
"I'm Chris," he said.
"Nick" I replied, shaking his hand "pleased to meet you. Come and join us."
"Don't you think she might be a bit embarrassed?" he asked
"Maybe for a minute or two but she'll love meeting you."
We took the drinks over. Mimi had chosen a table where anyone entering couldn't fail to see her. I introduced her to Chris. She gave a sheepish smile and blushed slightly. Chris told her how much he admired her openness and how much he had enjoyed what he had witnessed. Mimi, now recovered from any slight embarrassment, leaned across the table and took his hand. The movement had made her left breast fall out of her T shirt. She kissed his hand making sure it rubbed her nipple before she let go. She straightened her T shirt and I asked Chris if he and his wife would like to come out with us for the evening. He told us he would love to but they had an early hour's flight home. "The wife's having a sleep," he said. "We had the greatest sex ever after I'd finished watching you. It is something that will live in my memory forever. If you don't mind me saying Mimi you are looking truly horny tonight." He stood, shook my hand and gave Mimi a kiss and caressed her breast and mouthed thank you to us. Mimi gave him a wave as he disappeared in the direction of the lifts.
We finished our drinks and headed to the bars on the prom. Mimi had already attracted some admiring glances and I was certain there would be plenty more. Neither of us was particularly hungry so we chose a busy pavement cafe and ordered tapas and more wine. Mimi was getting a little drunk. I was a bit worried that what inhibitions she had left would disappear altogether.
While we were waiting for our food Mimi lent forward putting her elbows on the table and resting her chin on her hands. Her T Shirt gaped at the sides. On the table to our left were a couple with a teenage boy. He noticed almost immediately that he had a full side view of Mimi's breast and as much as he tried to hide it he couldn't stop gawping.
The food came and I asked for some water in the hope it might help lessen the effects of the alcohol. Mimi sat back in her seat. It was obvious she was excited; her erect nipples were clearly visible through her T shirt.
Mimi was well tipsy by now and I suggested we go back to the apartment after the meal.
"No way, I've still got some showing off to do." She said with a smile.
The cafe was nearly empty now and the waiter was paying us a lot of attention. Mimi's, glass was nearly empty so she lifted it toward the waiter who came over to refill it. I still don't know who was to blame but Mimi's now full glass spilt down her front along with most of the contents of the bottle. Mimi's T shirt had become transparent. Her nipples were clearly visible. The waiter, seeing an opportunity, used his serving towel to dry Mimi's T shirt taking every chance to cop a feel. Mimi didn't seem to mind as her nipples grew even more erect.
"C'mon Mimi, let's go to the Loo and dry you off," I suggested. Like most Spanish Bars and restaurants there was only one unisex toilet and this one opened out right into the main area. We went in and I asked her for her T shirt so I could dry it under the hand dryer. I didn't notice she had propped the door open with her foot. She peeled off her T shirt and handed it to me. She turned to the open doorway while I dried her shirt.
"I got some on my shorts as well," she said. Without waiting for a reply she dropped her shorts and handed them to me. I hadn't realised until then that she was not wearing panties. I dried her T but realised that the dampness in her shorts had nothing to do with the spilt wine. I started drying her shorts until I heard the clapping. Half a dozen of the cafe staff had gathered outside the door and Mimi was dancing naked for them. Not wanting to spoil her fun I moved behind her. Placing my hands on her hips I pushed my already stiffening cock against her arse. I massaged her boobs. Our audience had increased in size and there must have been a least a dozen watching now. I moved my hand down to her vagina. She parted her legs so I could rub her clit. I was now fully erect and ready to go. I dropped my shorts and rubbed my penis up and down her backside.
Many of our audience were taking pictures now but it wasn't fazing Mimi as her wetness testified. There was a chair to the left of the door. She placed her foot of the chair and lent against the opposite door jamb giving me easy access to take her from behind. I didn't pass up the opportunity. I thrust into her quite forcibly and Mimi convulsed. She couldn't take her eyes of the people watching. I fucked her hard for what seemed like ages but was probably just a few minutes. I could feel Mimi's orgasm approaching so I sped up a little. She had a shuddering orgasm and I watched her love juices puddle on the restaurant floor.
She moved away from me so my cock slid out of her. She pushed me back against the rest room wall and knelt in front of me. I knew what was coming and so did our audience as they shuffled sideways to get a better view. She took my cock in her mouth and gave me a mind blowing blow Job. I checked out our audience which seemed to have grown again, some had even climbed on tables and chairs to get a better view. The camera phones were still in evidence and I'm sure some were videoing the proceedings. I was building to my own orgasm now. Knowing I was close Mimi stopped sucking my cock and started wanking me. "cum on my face, again," she whispered. That was enough to send me over the top and I shot a huge amount of cum over her forehead, nose and lips. She put my cock in her mouth to capture the last drops of semen. She stood up beside me and for the second time that day her face was smeared with my Jizz.
She put her arm round my waist, turned to our audience and gave a little curtsey. The cheer that went up was amazing. Our wine waiter, Jose as it turned out, had had the best view throughout. I beckoned him over and asked if he would take a couple photos of us on my phone. He duly obliged but then grabbed my arm and said "come, come." I kicked off my shorts and he led us to where our audience still congregated. There followed an incredible photo shoot where people posed for pictures with me and Mimi. Jose captured them all on my phone. Mimi, face still covered in Jizz, looked wonderful and the sparkle in her eyes showed that she loved every minute of it. As the photo shoot drew to an end I asked Jose for a couple of double espressos in the hope of sobering us both up. I took Mimi back to the rest room where we both cleaned up and got dressed.
"Are we going somewhere else," she said.
"As long as you can stand," I replied. We drank our strong black coffee. Jose never gave us a bill for the food or the coffee and handed me a voucher that read '25% off on your next visit to Arturo's Tapas'.
We headed for the prom. It was spitting with rain. I spotted a Turkish cafe up a side street. "Come on let's have another coffee while the rain goes off ", taking Mimi by the hand as the rain got heavier. We ran up to the door just as the owner was locking up. "Can we just get a coffee," I asked? "Closed, Closed," He said.
Mimi now soaked to the skin moved to the door.
"Please, we only want coffee and shelter from the rain."
Abdul, as we later found out, couldn't let us in quick enough once he saw the state of Mimi who was still excited from the events in the restaurant. We ordered two double Turkish coffees which he served with two shots of Almond liqueur. I offered him 10 euro but he refused it saying that he had already cashed up and the drinks were on the house. I thanked him and downed the liqueur in one. Abdul got me another and poured himself something I couldn't identify.
"I join you" he said gesturing at the spare seat at our table. We nodded agreement and we all introduced our selves
Mimi, her eyes still sparkling, leant over and whispered in my ear "Can I flash my boobs again?" I gave a knowing smile and a nod of approval. She kissed my neck and turned to Abdul.
"My T shirt is very wet. Can I take it off and dry it over the bar rail?"
Abdul may have feigned a bad understanding of English but he certainly understood that, nodding vigorously. Mimi stood and peeled off her T shirt and hung it on the back of the chair next to her.
Abdul, not a young man, was trembling. He went behind the bar and got another round of drinks. I don't know what the drinks were but, combined with the almond liqueur, Mimi was on her way again. "Can I dance?" she asked Abdul. He nodded vigorously again. There was no music but Mimi didn't need it. She stood and swayed rhythmically to the music in her head. She caressed her naked boobs and before I could stop her (even if I wanted to) she had dropped her shorts and kicked them off.
I got my phone out and started taking some pictures. "Don't you want some pictures, Abdul," Mimi asked. He needed no second invite and retrieve his phone from behind the bar taking many photos. Mimi danced on getting more and more provocative. She was massaging her breasts and rubbing her clit. I was getting a hard on so It was no surprise that Abdul had a lump in his shorts.
Mimi sat on an armchair putting both legs over the arms. She was gaping and Abdul was taking closer and closer photos and rubbing his cock through his shorts. Mimi was working her clit and she was getting close to allowing anything. I felt we should bring it to an end. I lifted Mimi from her chair and handed her clothes to her. She was on another plane and looked disappointed. She pulled her shorts and T shirt on. Abdul smirked.
"Come on, we're going," I said to Mimi but when we tried to leave the door was locked. "Open up Abdul."
"I will after you take photos of me and your lovely lady together."
I was seething and about to kick off when Mimi said "one or two more won't make any difference." Reluctantly I agreed.
Abdul poured us all another shot and he handed me his phone. "You take." He said. He put his arm around Mimi's waist. I clicked off a couple of shots. I looked at Mimi and it was obvious that she still on a high. She turned to Abdul and asked if he would like another photo in the nude. He didn't hesitate. His shorts and Polo shirt were off in no time. Mimi had removed her shorts and T Shirt. I took a couple of photos of them naked with their arms around each other. Abdul was stroking his cock with his free hand. I knew I should intervene but a look from Mimi told me to wait.
Abdul tried to grab her breast but she shrugged him away. I was so turned on I think I would have let him grope her. Mimi pushed Abdul back against the bar. "You stay there and play with yourself." She went behind the bar and found an empty wine bottle. She cleaned the bottle under the tap and came and stood in front of Ahmed. "You stay there and move no closer."
She moved back to the armchair she had sat in before directly facing Ahmed, placing the wine bottle beside her. She hooked her legs over the arms and started rubbing her clit. Ahmed looked at her almost drooling but continued to jerk himself. I really couldn't believe what I was seeing. I kept clicking away with my phone as my erection started to grow.
Mimi was finger fucking herself now as Abdul continued pulling his cock like there was no tomorrow. Mimi reached for the wine bottle. I knew what she was going to do but couldn't believe it. She slowly pushed the neck of the wine bottle into her vagina. Abdul's eyes were popping out of his head, but he kept fiercely pumping his cock. Mimi was now fucking herself with the bottle with increasing speed. I was mesmerised. Mimi's breaths were shortening and she was letting out low moans. It was too much for Abdul and he shot his load on the floor in front of Mimi. Mimi increased the speed with the bottle. She was getting close now. With a shudder she pulled out the bottle as her juices squirted to mix with Abdul's semen on the floor.
We had another coffee while Mimi came down off her high. She was still naked and looked so natural. While Abdul was getting worked up I had deleted all the evenings' photos from his phone. I finally convinced Mimi to get dressed. I asked Abdul to unlock the door waving his phone as a bargaining chip. He pulled his clothes back on and unlocked and opened the door for us. Mimi gave him a kiss on the cheek and thanked him for the coffee! I handed him his phone and told him I had deleted the photos from tonight. He grinned and pointed at three cameras mounted on the walls. "CCTV."
The rain had stopped as we walked back to the promenade. It was only 10:30, still early by Ibiza standards and Mimi was itching to go somewhere else. I suggested we'd had enough excitement for one day and should go back to the hotel for a nightcap. She reluctantly agreed. Although it wasn't far we jumped a cab. As soon as it moved away from the kerb her hand was down my shorts playing with my cock. She freed it from my shorts and, for the fifteen minute ride home, gave me a lovely slow hand job. The driver had seen everything. As I paid him the fare he said in a broad cockney accent "when you've finished with her throw her my way." We both chuckled. "Here's my card. Just ring if you want an English speaking cabbie." He drove off looking for another fare.
We went into the lounge and ordered a couple of rum and cokes, realising that they were the first drinks I'd paid for all night. Mimi chose a table next to a group of young guys. They were just downing a round of shots as we sat down. Mimi chose the seat next to them and made sure her T shirt billowed.
They carried on with their conversation. The guy with his back to us told his mates what he was hoping for later that night in very explicit language. His friends pointed out that there was ladies present pointing at Mimi who blushed slightly. The guy turned in his chair and apologised for swearing. "Don't worry about that," Mimi replied in a teasing voice.
He apologised for sitting with his back to us. He moved his chair next to Mimi in the space between the tables. Having seen how Mimi was dressed he no doubt wanted a better view. Mimi obliged by leaning forward and letting her top fall forward. Most of the guys were getting an eyeful. One went to the bar for some more shots and included us in the round. We thanked him and joined the guys in downing them in one.
They told us they were off to a club in Ibiza town and would we like to join them. Mimi's eyes lit up but I declined the offer. Mimi looked crestfallen. As they got up to leave Mimi leant towards the swearing man and whispered "I hope you get what you're hoping for." It was his turn to blush.
"Shall we go up," I said" We've got plenty of wine and a balcony with a view." She smiled and nodded. It was still only 11:30 so the night was still young. I grabbed a couple more cocktails from the bar and we headed to the lift. By the time the lift arrived the cocktails were gone and we were both feeling a little giggly. We got in the lift and before the doors had closed Mimi had her T shirt off, her shorts weren't far behind. It wasn't the fastest lift so I had a chance for a nice grope.
Mimi brazenly walked naked down the corridor to our room and leant against the door. I told her I'd lost the key card and she actually looked a bit worried. "What are we going to do?" "I'm going to eat you right here." I got on my knees and lifted her left leg over my shoulder. I pushed my tongue into slit and pushed a finger into her vagina. She gasped. I moved my hand so I could finger her anus. I thought she was going to feint. Just then the lift doors open and an older guy came out. He walked towards us and I froze. I covered Mimi's nakedness as best I could but she pushed me away. She stood naked in front of the guy as he approached. "Can you take a photo please?" Mimi asked. I handed him my phone and he took a couple of snaps.He handed the phone back, smiled, and said "I was hoping to meet you. I'm in the next room and the walls are very thin. You seem to be enjoying your holiday." He squeezed Mimi's breast and bade us goodnight.
I unlocked the apartment door and we tumbled in. "I thought you'd lost the key" "I was kidding."
Mimi muttered something about needing a pee. I put the card in the power slot and the room lit up like Blackpool illuminations. I went to the fridge and opened a bottle of wine poured two glasses and took them out onto the balcony. There were still plenty of lights on in the block opposite and some activity on several of the balconies that overlooked us. Mimi came out carrying a towel. She was still naked. She pulled her chair closer to mine and spread the towel on the seat. She sat down and had a sip of her wine and snuggled against my arm resting her head on my shoulder.
"It's been great today" she said dreamily. I agreed.
"Do you think I'm turning into a slut," she asked?
"Maybe a little bit," I replied "but you're my slut and I'm enjoying every minute of it. We've still got twelve days left. Who knows what we might get up to by the time we go home."
We both giggled at that but we both knew that today had started something.
I told her I had to use the loo. I emptied my pockets on the dresser and saw the taxi driver's card. Written on the back were Joe and a mobile number. That might come in handy I thought.
I stripped off my clothes and went into the bathroom and took a very quick shower. I towelled off and put my bathrobe on. I was going to the fridge to get some more wine when I looked at Mimi. It seemed like she had fallen asleep, her head was back and her eyes were closed. I moved to the balcony door and realised that she wasn't asleep but was playing with herself. I got my phone and set to video record. I crept quietly on to the balcony and placed the phone so it could record what was going on. I went to the fridge for the open bottle of wine and went back to the balcony. Mimi opened her eyes and smiled.
"I was just thinking about when you fingered my bum hole in the corridor and it turned me on. We haven't had anal for a while," she whispered.
"I'm sure we'll get round to it soon," I replied. "You do realise there are plenty of people around who could be watching you right now?"
"Oh yes, that's part of the fun," she replied huskily.
I topped my glass up and poured the rest of the bottle into Mimi's glass. Hers was only half full.
"Is the bottle empty?" She asked.
"I can get another."
"No, it's ok." She was still rubbing herself and I noticed she had lifted her left leg over the arm of her chair. Her swollen labia were completely exposed.
"The table is blocking people's view," she laughed.
"Should I move it out of the way?"
"Yes please."
"Pick your wine up so it doesn't spill."
Mimi picked up her glass and the empty bottle. I placed my glass on the floor. I moved the table over so it was well out of the way. I took Mimi's glass, which she had drained, and the empty bottle and put them back on the table and retrieved my glass taking a healthy swig.
Mimi got back to rubbing herself and was building up the pace. I was getting a bit turned on and realising I was now completely hidden from the waist down by the table opened my robe and started stroking myself.
Mimi now had both legs over the arms of her chair. I had a flashback to her performance in Abduls earlier in the evening. I moved to take the bottle but she was ahead of me as usual. She grabbed the bottle off of the table and started sucking the neck like it was a cock. I heard someone shout "you go girl." She had at least one admirer.
She moved the bottle down and inserted the neck into her vagina. Unlike the bottle in Abdul's this one had a long slender neck. Mimi started fucking herself with it. She was really getting off and as she sped up and deepened the thrusts she must have been taking six to eight inches of bottle into her. It was too much for me and I shot my load on to the underside of the table. Mimi was rubbing her clit while using the bottle as a dildo. Her breathing was getting quite ragged and she was moaning quite loudly now. She increased the speed of her thrusts until her hand was almost a blur. As she reached her climax she screamed, pulling the bottle out and squirted her juices onto the balcony floor and over the phone I had placed earlier. I'm sure some went over the balcony to the ground below. There were definitely some applause and whistles of approval from her admirers.
Mimi was spent. I lifted her out of her seat and carried her to the bed. I went back on the balcony to finish my wine and retrieve my phone. The love juice spray didn't seem to have damaged it. I watched a couple in the opposite block groping by their window. I needed to sleep.
I went back into the apartment and put the phone on charge. Mimi was half asleep but murmured "don't close the curtains or turn off the lights."
"I won't love." No anal tonight I thought to myself.
Day 3 Sunday 4th July
I woke early the next morning with just a hint of a hangover. A long cool shower soon sorted that out. When I came out of the bathroom Mimi was still sleeping peacefully. The sun seemed to caress her as she lay on the bed. She looked angelic. I grabbed the now fully charged phone and snapped off a couple of pictures. I was tempted to touch her but knew she needed to sleep longer.
I pulled on a pair of shorts and grabbed a carton of orange from the fridge. I went through to the lounge area and took my lap top from the desk drawer. Attaching the power lead I created a new file and named it Ibiza 2004. I connected my phone and uploaded the photos from Yesterday.
I also uploaded the sneak video I'd taken on the balcony. I couldn't resist watching it. There was a lot of nothing to start with and I was worried I'd positioned the phone incorrectly. I needn't have worried as Mimi's display and the whistles and cat calls were all captured, including the squirt on the phone. The picture quality wasn't good but it was an amazingly horny video.I made a mental note to use the camcorder in future. I wasn't sure how Mimi would react to my secret filming but I found out soon enough.
Mimi started to stir. I put the kettle on and the sound of the old fashioned whistling kettle brought her awake. I made tea and put it on the bedside tables. I lay beside her and hugged her gently. "Good morning Gorgeous" I said
"What time is it?" she asked.
"Eight thirty"
"That's still night time" she laughed.
We had a kiss and cuddle while we drank our tea
"Do you remember much about yesterday, Mimi?"
"Most of it I think"
"Do you want to see the photos?"
"Yes please."
The lap top was still on. I led a still naked Mimi into the lounge area. We sat down on the couch. I showed her the photos.
" Did I really do all that?"
"You sure did and them some"
"I behaved like a slut"
"Not at all," I said. "You behaved like my sexy wife. I have a surprise for you. Watch this."
I played the video. She watched intently.
"Do you realise how incredibly horny that is," I asked; "That was your third audience in one day."
"I feel incredibly slutty watching that but I loved it."
"Letting men watch you is not the same as letting men have you. You are definitely not a slut."
"Nick, there were times yesterday that I wanted to touch and be touched. I was even tempted to give that old pervert Abdul a hand job."
"You resisted it though didn't you, Mimi?"
"Just about. I have to admit when we got caught in the corridor last night I was hoping the guy would do a bit more than squeeze my boob. I would have let him do more."
"Did you want to fuck him?"
"No, no definitely not; I just wanted him to touch me more intimately."
"So what do you want?"
"I know I like showing off but I also know how much I love you. I could never give myself completely to another man but I also like knowing other men desire me."
"Believe me, Mimi, every man you meet desires you. I love the way men look at you because I know I have what they want. I'm very proud and lucky to have you as my wife."
"Are you saying that you would let other men touch me?"
"In the right circumstances and if it was you wanted it I think I would but only if I was there. "
"What about me touching other men?"
"That's a bit more difficult. I definitely don't want you to have sex with anyone other than me. I guess I wouldn't object to a bit of a grope or even a hand job in the right situations but definitely no blow jobs."
"Understood," she said. We laughed as I shut down the lap top.
"Do you fancy going out in the country today; somewhere quiet where I can take some more photos of you," I asked
"That sounds great," she answered heading for the shower.
I grabbed my rucksack and started packing the things I thought we would need; Sun tan Lotion, wet wipes, a small towel, a couple of bottles of water and some snacks from the cupboards. I took the camcorder from the safe and checked if it needed charging. The battery was fine. It was another state-of-the-art present from Daddy-in-law.
I made myself another cup of tea and took it out to the balcony. There were already some early birds round the pool.
Mimi came out of the bathroom with a towel wrapped round her. "You surprised me with that video so now I've got a surprise for you."
She dropped the towel revealing her now shaven vagina. I gasped. I pushed her back to the bed and buried my face between her legs. She let me lick her for a half a minute or so then pushed my head away. "If we're going out today you'd better save that 'til later"
"How come you shaved," I asked her?
"If I'm going to show it off it might as well be in full view."
"You better get dressed them," I croaked.
Mimi chose a knee length white sheer button through dress over a red thong and a wide brimmed straw hat. The contrast in colours meant her panties where clearly visible through her dress. She left three or four of the buttons undone at the top of the dress to show some cleavage and a few at the bottom to show off her legs.
"How do I look," she asked?
"Stunning," I replied.
"I need to go shopping. I need to some sexier clothing."
"You'd look sexy in an old sack" I replied. "We can sort out some shopping time later. Let's go get breakfast." I pulled on a polo shirt, picking up the back pack, door key and the taxi Card on the way out.
We went to a little coffee shop across from the Hotel entrance and ordered croissants and coffee we sat at a pavement table and watched the world go by as we enjoyed our light breakfast.
"I'm going to ring Joe to pick us up," I said.
"Who's Joe," Mimi asked.
"The cabbie that brought us back to the hotel last night."
I fished the card out of my shorts and dialled the number
"Is that you, Joe" I asked?
"It is, who's this"
"I'm Nick; you gave me your card to after you dropped me and the wife at our hotel last night."
"How could I forget," he chuckled.
"Do you know Cafe Rosa, opposite the hotel?"
"I do."
"Do you Fancy coming by for a coffee. I've got a proposition to put to you."
"I'll be there in Ten minutes," he replied. "Order me a Latte."
Mimi gave me a quizzical look.
"I'm going to try to hire him as our private driver for the rest of the holiday," I explained. "He's English so there won't be any language problems."
We finished our food and ordered more coffee including the Latte.
Joe arrived at the same time as the coffees. I stood and shook his hand. "I'm Nick and this is my wife Mimi." Mimi stood and offered her hand. Joe took her hand but instead of shaking it he lifted it to his face brushing his lips against the back of it. Mimi blushed slightly but didn't rush to pull her hand away.
"Take a seat, Joe. Do want something to eat."
"I'm okay," he replied," I've not long had breakfast. What's this proposition you mentioned"?
Straight to the point. I liked that.
"Joe, we're here for another twelve days and I'd like to hire you as our driver for the duration."
"You mean just for you and no one else"?
"That's right."
"It's the high season and the busiest time of the year for me. It's when I make my dough."
"How much would you expect to earn per day."
He thought for a moment and said "100 to 120 Euros."
I did a quick calculation and came up with a ball park figure of 1500 Euros.
"I'll pay you 2,000 up front and another grand at the airport when you drop us off for our flight home. For that I would want you always available and no moonlighting between our trips. And complete discretion"
"That's generous. When do you want my answer"?
"We want to go to a quiet inland village today, not too far, but one with a bar restaurant and some nice walks in the surrounding country side. If you take us you can let me know your answer when you pick us up later"
"Okay," he replied. "I know a nice little place I think you'll like. It'll take twenty or thirty minutes."
We finished our drinks and headed for his cab.
As we drove off I asked Joe how he ended up in Ibiza and he gave us a potted history of his working life. He used to work the door in Soho and the West End of London. He was good at it so he said, and one of his bosses asked him if he fancied a spell at some of his clubs in Ibiza Town. With no ties he jumped at the chance and was soon an established face on the Ibiza club circuit.
"How come you've ended up on the cabs," Mimi asked.
"Too much partying," he replied. "I was drinking too much and was getting sucked into trying drugs. I knew I had to get out. I knew taxi drivers were making a good wedge so I applied for a licence. When it came through about seven years ago I gave up the club work. I haven't had a drink since. Some of the club owners hire me to chauffer their VIP guests around and that helped me get established."
"So here I am and so here are we" he said with a smile as we pulled into a parking area in the centre of a rural village.
"You wanted quiet. This is it. There's a bar and restaurant and a couple of shops and that's it. Take the footpath on the right of the bar; it leads into a nature reserve. It's quite popular with bird watchers."
"That sounds great," Mimi cooed.
We got out of the car and I tried to pay the fare but Joe said to leave it until he picked us up later.
"Give me a ring when you're ready," he said with a wave as he drove off.
There were quite a few people drinking on the bar terrace as we headed for the footpath. It was still only late morning and the sun was blazing down
"We need to get some lotion on before we burn," I said. We walked a little further until the footpath met a wider track. We turned right and walked on until we came to a bench and stopped to apply some sun tan lotion. A couple walked passed and smiled and said "hola". We both responded open mouthed as they were both nude. Another guy passed by also nude and gave us a wave. The penny dropped.
"Joe's stitched us up, Mimi" I giggled. "Nature Park, bird watching, it's a nudist area."
Mimi beamed. "I better get rid of these then" she said unbuttoning her dress and removing her panties. I oiled her newly exposed areas and she was almost trembling at what might lay ahead. I put the oil and her clothes in the backpack and took out the Camcorder. I took some shots of her posing by the bench and hung it round my neck like a tourist.
"Aren't you joining us nudists," she laughed
"Maybe later," I replied
We walked on and saw another couple stood to the side of the path. The woman beckoned us over.
"Take photo, please."
"Yeah, I can do that no problem," I answered
"Oh, you're English," she beamed. "We're originally from Canada."
I asked them about the Naturist Park. She explained that it was a circular path of about two kilometres where you met like minded people and took photos. She also said that she'd heard that sometimes things went a little further but that they hadn't gone that far. "Yet" her husband added.
We introduced ourselves and feeling more comfortable I took my clothes off.
We spent some time taking photos in various combinations; two guy one girl; one guy two girls; mixed pairs and finally girls together and men together. I was a bit unsure about having my photo taken in the nude with another guy but there had been no overt sexuality throughout and I found it liberating. I was beginning to understand Mimi's exhibitionist tendencies.
We said our farewells and carried on walking. We met other couples and single guys who gladly took and posed for photos. Mimi was in her element.
We only met one single girl. She was heavily tattooed but had a body to die for; nearly as good as Mimi's. She passed me her camera and put her arm around Mimi and I took a couple of shots. I took a couple on my camcorder when our new friend hugged Mimi close and kissed her deeply. I was already in video mode. She caressed Mimi's boobs but when she tried to touch below, Mimi pushed her away. The girl smiled knowingly. I handed her camera back and we went off in opposite directions.
Mimi seemed a little worried. "What's the matter," I asked.
"That's the first time I've ever been touched by another woman. I had to stop it going further as I was really excited," she replied.
"I was getting turned on too"
We walked on meeting a few more people. I noticed a lot of things going on in the trees as we walked. We must have reached the anything goes area. A few yards further on a good looking Spanish guy approached us and asked if he could have a photo with Mimi. Mimi nodded so I said ok. He gave me his camera and led us into the trees. He put his arm round Mimi and I took a couple of pictures on his phone and a few on my Camcorder.
"Can I touch," he asked. Mimi nodded. I switched to video mode and said ok. He moved behind her and, reaching round, massaged her breasts. He was rubbing himself against her bottom but Mimi seemed oblivious. She looked at me and her head movement asked if he could touch her now shaven vagina. I shrugged and mouthed it's up to you. She took his right hand and guided it between her legs. He rubbed her clit slowly at first but gathering pace. Mimi was panting. This has gone far enough I thought. I approached them and pushed him away. "Enough," I said, handing him his camera. He said something in Spanish that I didn't understand but I knew it was derogatory. I used the international language and told him to fuck off and showed him a fist. He took the hint and disappeared into the trees.
Mimi had collapsed to the ground. I sat down beside her and put my arms around her.
"If you hadn't stopped him," she said "I think I would have let him fuck me."
"No you wouldn't, love. You would have come to your senses."
I checked the time it was only 1:30. We walked on for a while and found ourselves back at the footpath that led to the bar. We'd obviously gone full circle. We walked back a few yards to a bench. Mimi freshened up with some baby wipes. I handed her dress and Panties. She put her dress on but pushed her panties back into the bag. I phoned Joe and asked him if he fancied lunch at the bar he'd dropped us at. "I'm on my way," he replied.
We walked back to the bar and took a seat on the terrace. There were a few smiling faces of people we'd met on our walk. I checked with Mimi that she wanted wine and ordered a carafe of Spanish red. It turned out to be surprisingly good and we did some people watching while we waited for Joe.
A Jaguar pulled into the parking area but we took no notice. The next minute Joe is sat at the table, smiling. "Where's the cab," I asked.
"In the garage; I've brought the Jag," He replied.
"You stitched us up today."
"How's that."
"Taking us to a nudist area," I replied
"I heard what went on in Arturo's last night and thought you might enjoy it."
"I did" Mimi said sheepishly.
"So is the offer still on the table?" Joe asked.
"It is," I nodded.
"OK, "Joe said. "But with a couple of conditions."
"They are?"
"I want to be your tour guide and your minder. I know my way around this island and its nightlife. I can take you to places that will make your eyes water. But I also realise you are young and new to this type of life and might need some protection. "
I thought to myself that we could look after ourselves but realised here was a chance to see the proper Ibiza and a little extra help never goes astray.
"It's a deal," I replied, shaking hands with Joe. Mimi leaned over and kissed his cheek,
I was about to ask for the menu when Joe told us that this bar was renowned for its seafood Paella. I asked Mimi if she was ok with that and she nodded. I ordered Paella for three and spring water for Joe.
While we waited for our meal Mimi asked Joe "Can we rely on your discretion?" He nodded.
She told him about our experiences in the Nature Park.
"Can I be really candid with you, Joe?" He nodded again.
"It was nice today but a little tame in the main," Mimi went on." I think I prefer being the only one showing off."
"I'll bear that in mind," Joe said with a smile.
The food arrived and we all tucked in. Mimi, considering her almost waif like figure, has a good appetite and really enjoyed the food. I asked Joe where Mimi could go clothes shopping.
" Ibiza town is your best bet, but Sunday is not good. You're better leaving that 'til tomorrow
We finished our meal and I paid the bill. I was shocked at how cheap it was. I realised what a spoilt brat I was.
I asked Joe to take us to a Santander Bank.
"The banks won't open until tomorrow," Joe told me. "There's no rush for the money."
"OK. We'll sort it out in the morning," I replied
"Are there any shops open?" Mimi asked. "I want to get some sexy dresses."
"The main shops are shut," Joe replied "but I know a place that will be open now if you want to go there." Mimi nodded.
We drove to the outskirts of Ibiza town into a seedy looking neighbourhood. We went up a narrow side street and Joe parked on the pavement opposite a shop that looked closed, its windows blacked out.
Joe asked us to wait in the car. He crossed over and knocked on the door. A Spanish guy opened the door. He and Joe obviously knew each other as they shook hands and greeted each other warmly.
They had a short conversation. Joe beckoned us to join him. He introduced us to Enrique.
"I think you'll enjoy it here Mimi," Joe said. "I can promise you will be safe. Just buy some of the goods and everything will be fine. I'll wait in the car."
We entered and realised it was a sex shop. Neither of us had ever been in one but we had checked a few out on line. The place was deceptively large. There were large displays of porn magazines and DVDs and an area displaying vibrators and sex toys. Half a dozen guys were checking out the racks.
What grabbed Mimi's attention was the rack of costumes and she made a beeline for it. She sorted through the outfits. I could see she was getting excited.
"Can I try some of these on," she asked Enrique.
"Sure," he replied pointing to a changing cubicle.
She picked a maids costume and a baby doll negligee and took them to the cubicle. The cubicle looked directly into the main area of the shop.
Mimi half closed the curtain and removed her dress putting on the maid's costume. It was very short and extremely low cut. She walked over to me, gave a twirl, and asked what I thought. I didn't need to answer as my face said everything.
Mimi returned to the cubicle to try on the next outfit. Knowing that she now had the attention of everyone in the place she didn't bother closing the curtain. She slowly removed the maid's outfit and took her time replacing it on its hanger, ensuring she gave everyone a good view of her body. I took a few shots with the camcorder as she pulled on the baby doll negligee. It was very sheer; almost transparent.
She walked to the middle of the shop and asked "How does this look"? Although she was looking at me I think she was asking everyone there. One or two murmured their approval.
Enrique asked if it was ok for his customers to take some photos. I looked at Mimi and she was already striking a pose.
The camera phones clicked away. Mimi was in her element. Enrique started recording on his camcorder. He looked over at me asking if it was ok. I just nodded.
Mimi went back to the cubicle and took off the negligee. She didn't bother putting her dress back on as she walked over to me and asked if there was anything I'd like to see her try on. I picked out a Lady's mankini, an outfit that was basically two strips of material with both ends sewn together. She smiled and stepped into the costume, pulling the straps over her shoulders and adjusting the narrow strips to cover her nipples. The straps tapered down to a thong showing Mimi's entire bum and outlining every detail of her recently shaved vagina.
"That's the best one," I whispered. "You look horny as hell."
"I feel horny as hell, "she replied, taking me by the hand
She led me over to the sex toy section. We looked through the dildos and vibrators and Mimi was shocked at the size of some of them. I reminded her about what she had done with the wine bottles last night. She giggled. Enrique came over and asked Mimi if she would like to try one of the toys.
Mimi picked a medium sized dildo from the display. Enrique removed it from its packaging and laid a blanket on the floor. He produced a bottle of baby oil from behind the counter. Mimi lay on the blanket and took off the flimsy thong top.
She had already started rubbing herself when Enrique sidled over to me and said "Some of my friends will want to touch. I promise that is all it will be. Are you ok with that?"
I knew Mimi would love it. I nodded my approval.
Mimi was getting in the zone. She oiled the dildo and inserted it slowly into her vagina. Enrique signalled to his friend and they all moved closer around Mimi. Knowing she was being closely watched she started pumping harder. One of the guys picked up the baby oil and poured it over her body, arms and legs. That was the signal to start the massaging.
I was a little concerned how far this might go but remembered that Joe had said it would be safe.
Mimi was pleasuring herself with the dildo while up to six pair of hands was massaging every part of her body. I had an incredible erection. Mimi was really getting close as she fucked herself with the dildo. She was shuddering and whimpering. I was jerking as were most of the other guys.
I moved along side her and as she arched her back to squirt her juices I shot my load onto her face. She fell back on the blanket as each guy unloaded their sperm on her body. She looked beautiful. I took some photos.
"There is a shower upstairs" Enrique said pointing to the stairs. I grabbed Mimi's dress from the changing cubicle and led her upstairs to the bathroom.
"You going to be ok" I asked.
"Fine," she replied. I gave her a long kiss.
"I'll see you downstairs when you're ready."
I went back down to the shop. Several of the guys told me I was a lucky bastard. I couldn't disagree. I got the baby doll negligee from the cubicle and picked up the mankini from beside the blanket, picked a few more dildos and vibrator from the display and took them to the Counter.
"How much?" I asked Enrique.
He totted it up and said "120euros but let's call it 50."
"I'll pay you the 120."
"My friends will gladly make up the difference. Come back again before you go home."
I paid him 50 Euros.
Mimi came downstairs. Her hair was still wet and her dress stuck to the dampness of her body. She looked divine.
She went round each of the guys giving them a hug and a kiss. One or two groped her arse. We said our farewells and left.
Joe was waiting for us as he promised.
"Did you enjoy that," he asked?
"Very much," said Mimi. "It seems you know what I like."
Joe dropped us at the Hotel. I agreed to ring him later when we wanted to eat.
When we got to our apartment I made tea. Mimi was sat on the bed checking out her new toys. Enrique had removed them all from their packaging as I'd requested. There were four dildos of varying girth and length and two vibrators. She turned on the first vibrator and held it in her hand. It was just a plain white Phallus. Mimi turned it off and picked up the second one. This was altogether different. It had a ribbed main body and an additional clit stimulator. When she turned it on, in addition to its vibrating, the ribbed area turned slowly and pulsated.
"I shall have some fun with that," Mimi smiled. "What made you pick it?"She asked switching it off and putting it back in the bag.
"Enrique recommended it," I replied. "Apparently it's his best seller."
We took our tea onto the balcony. I saw our corridor friend sat on his balcony reading. I said hello. He stood up and leaned on the dividing wall which was only about four feet high.
"I'm Nick," I said offering my hand. We shook hands. "Jim," he said.
"This is Mimi." She gave him a wave
"Always a pleasure," he said.
We started chatting. He asked how old we were and I told him we were both 20. He sighed and told me he was 58. I asked why he was on his own. He sighed again and explained that his wife had passed away a year ago and this was the first holiday he had taken since then. He chose Ibiza as he had been here with his wife when they were younger.
Mimi decided to lighten the mood
"What have you done today, Jim," She asked
"Not much. A stroll along the Prom, lunch and then I spent the rest of the afternoon here people watching and reading with my old friend Johnny Walker," he smiled, lifting his glass to take a sip.
He asked what we had been up to. I just said that we had been out into the countryside and did some shopping on the way back.
"I bought a couple of outfits today and I could do with a second opinion," Mimi said. "I could model them, Jim, and you can give me your opinion."
He nodded.
"You'll need to come in here so you can see them properly."
"Okay," Jim replied. "I'll get us a nice bottle of wine from the supermarket and be with you in fifteen minutes" and disappeared into his apartment
"I feel sorry for him and think I can cheer him up," Mimi said when I asked her what she was doing.
"Are you going to do the full fashion show," I asked. She nodded
"I better get the lounge area ready, then"
I moved the couch to a better position to give our neighbours a better view. I opened the curtains and the balcony door so it would afford a good show should anyone be watching.
I placed the camcorder on charge on the desk, switched to video and positioned it ensuring it would capture most of what was about to happen.
Mimi brought the bag of outfits and toys through from the bedroom and placed it on the table next to the couch. I noticed she had undone more buttons on her dress and it left little to imagination. I got some glasses.
There was a knock on the door. I let Jim in and he handed me a bottle of Merlot. Mimi was sat in the centre of the couch. She beckoned Jim over patting the seat to her right.
I poured the wine and joined them on the couch. "Cheers," Mimi said as we clinked glasses. She downed hers in one go and passed me her empty glass. I guess she needs her hands free.
She took my hand and placed it on her thigh. She did the same with Jim. He was a bit reluctant at first.
"Are you ok with this, Nick," he asked?
"I am if Mimi is."
We were stroking her thighs. She undid the last few buttons on her dress. I caressed her breast and Jim followed suit.
Mimi was touching herself now and I could see that now familiar sparkle in her eyes.
"I'm going to show you my new outfits now, Jim."
Mimi went to the bedroom and removed her dress, throwing it on to the bed. She walked back toward us, proud of her nakedness.
She took the baby doll from the bag and slipped it over her head. She paraded in front of us giving a little twirl. She stood with her back to us, feet apart and bent over. The hem which was short anyway ran up her backside giving us both a clear view of her wet vagina and her puckered anus.
She straightened up and sat on Jim's lap. Taking his hand and placing it on her breast she asked him if the filmy material made her breast feel nicer. He mumbled something like your breasts will always feel nice.
She stood up and walked to the bedroom taking off the baby doll as she went. I notice she had left a damp patch on Jim's shorts which were failing to hide his increasing excitement. She hung it in the wardrobe and walked back to bag for the mankini.
"This is Nick's choice," Mimi said slipping it on.
"I can see why, "Jim said. "That is very erotic."
Mimi did a sassy dance. Her nipples were very erect now. "So what do think, Jim," Mimi asked.
"You both have impeccable taste."
Mimi took off the Mankini off and hung it in the wardrobe. She walked back still naked and sat between us. She rubbed the bulges in our shorts and said "It looks like you boys enjoyed that."
"There's something wrong here," she said in mock Horror. "Why am I the only one naked here?"
Jim and I took the hint and stripped off. Jim was still pretty fit for his age and I hate to admit it but his cock was a bit larger than mine
Mimi took us both in hand and gave us both a slow hand job. We both fondled Mimi's breasts.
I was hoping things wouldn't go beyond the boundaries that Mimi and I had set.
Mimi guided my hand to her pussy and I started to stroke her slit. She was very wet. She put her hand on the back of Jim's head and guided his lips to her breast. Her nipples were really erect and seemed to grow further as Jim licked and sucked them.
I started to slowly finger fuck her. Mimi gave a little moan. She took Jim's hand and placed it on her clit. He rubbed it in rhythm with my finger fucking. I increase speed and Jim did likewise. Mimi's eyes were closed and she was beginning to Quiver. I increased the tempo even further. Mimi met our movement, thrusting her hips forward. She arched her back and shuddered through a powerful orgasm.
We collapsed back onto the couch. I thought that was the end of this latest adventure but Mimi had other Ideas. As her breathing slowed she whispered "thanks guys" and started rubbing our cocks again. After a few minutes she stopped and stood up.
"We bought a few other things today" She said to Jim. "I'll show you some.
She went to the bag and took out the smallest and largest dildo and sat back down on the couch. She hooked her legs over ours and stroked her clit. She took the small dildo and slowly inserted it into her vagina. She only made a few short thrusts before removing it. She moved it down and started rubbing it against her anus. Mimi slowly inserted it and started to push it in and out. I had a great view in the mirror above desk and, as I could also see Jim, he would have too.
She took the larger dildo and started rubbing her clit with it before pushing it into her vagina. She got her hand movements in sync as she fucked both her holes. I was mesmerised and was rubbing my cock in time with Mimi's thrusts. I noticed in the mirror that Jim was doing the same.
Mimi was getting worked up again when she suddenly stopped and removed her new toys, handing me the small one
"I'm being selfish, again," she murmured.
She slid off of the couch and knelt in front of Jim and started stroking his cock. 'No blow jobs' I thought to myself, although by that point I don't think I would have objected. She moved closer and enveloped Jim's cock with her breasts and started rubbing up and down. 'Good. No blow job' I thought but I am pretty sure that Mimi did kiss Jim's cock a few times when it was close enough.
Realising why Mimi had given me the Dildo I knelt down beside her and pushed it into her bum.
I only had to hold it in place as Mimi's movement did the rest.
I could tell that Jim was getting close. "Not yet," Mimi whispered releasing his cock.
She stood up and pushed me back onto the couch. Turning her back to me she straddled me and guided my cock into her anus. She slowly rode up and down taking it deeper as her anus stretched to accommodate my cock.
Mimi retrieved the large dildo from the couch and handed it to Jim. "Please use this on me," she begged. He didn't hesitate. Kneeling in front of us he slowly pushed the dildo into her; I could feel it against my cock.
Jim matched Mimi's pace. She sped up and I knew I couldn't last much longer. Jim was pounding Mimi with the dildo. It was too much for me and I shot my cum up her arse. That seemed to push Mimi over the top and she pushed the dildo away covering Jim with her love juices as she experienced another awesome climax.
Jim had stood now and was furiously jerking off. Mimi leaned toward him.
"I want to feel your sperm on my breasts" she whispered. In a matter of seconds she got her wish as Jim unloaded a huge amount of semen on Mimi's neck and breasts.
Mimi beckoned Jim to sit down next to us. She moved slowly and eased my cock out of anus. She lay across the two of us on her side. I stroked her thigh and hip while Jim ran his fingers through her hair. Mimi was massaging her cum covered breasts as I watched my semen trickle from her bum. She twitched occasionally as she came down from her high. I looked out of the window and spotted a guy in the opposite block with a pair of binoculars trained on us. He was a floor higher so must have had a great view. I said nothing but knew Mimi would love it when I told her later.
Mimi finally stood up and had a long stretch and yawned. "You boys finish the wine. I'm going for a shower," she said as she headed to the bathroom.
I pulled my shorts on and poured some more wine. I handed a now fully dressed Jim a glass.
"Your wife is one beautiful Lady," he said."You're a lucky man."
"I know I am," I replied. "But she hasn't always behaved like this. Let's go out on the balcony."
I picked up the bottle on the way.
I told Jim about it being our first independent holiday. I told him about watching the couple having sex on their balcony
"It just seemed to trigger something in Mimi. I'm not complaining because I love it"
I told him about the limits we had set and he nodded
"That makes good sense," he said. "But just be careful. Mimi obviously has a very strong sex drive and the time might come when she can't control herself."
"Are you talking about me," Mimi laughed as she walked onto the balcony. Jim blushed slightly. I poured the last of the wine into Mimi's glass. I was surprised to see that she had put her bathrobe on although she hadn't tied it.
"Let me get you a seat," Jim said, reaching over to his balcony and lifting a chair over. We toasted again and Jim and I both drained our glasses
I was just about to get the wine box when Jim leaned across his balcony and retrieved his half full bottle of Johnny Walker. I took our empty wine glasses into the kitchen area and found three tumblers. I took some ice from the freezer section of the fridge and placed some in each glass. I took them back to the balcony.
Jim was telling Mimi how much he had enjoyed the show.
Mimi had finished her wine. I placed the glasses on the table.
"No ice for me," Jim said tipping his ice into Mimi's glass. Jim poured generous measures into each of our glasses.
Mimi sat back in her chair and her untied bathrobe slipped open revealing her vagina and most of her breasts. She didn't attempt to close it.
While we drunk the whisky, Mimi basically confirmed what I had said earlier about her latent exhibitionism. She also told Jim about the guidelines we had set and said that she would never be unfaithful to me under any circumstances.
I drained my glass. I was feeling a little tired. "OK if I grab a shower, Mimi," I asked.
"Go ahead," she said. "You know where to find me," putting on her best Marylyn Munro impression. We all laughed and I headed off to the bathroom.
The shower enlivened me. I towelled off and got dressed; a pair of white tennis shorts and a linen shirt.
I walked back to the balcony. As I approached I saw Jim had his hand on Mimi's thigh. I feigned a cough and he moved his hand away. I noticed Mimi's vagina looked a little damp and the whisky bottle was now empty. I never asked and still don't know if anything went on while I was in the Bathroom.
Mimi had that tipsy look on her face. I picked up her glass and took a swig.
"Finish it off," she said
"If we're going for something to eat you better get dressed," I said to Mimi.
She stood up, bent and kissed Jim on the forehead and said she hoped to see him soon. As she went into the apartment she stopped in the doorway, dropped her robe and turned to give a wave to whoever may be watching.
"She can't help herself, "I said to Jim. "But your friend Mr Walker may have helped." We both laughed
"I've overstayed my welcome," Jim said. "I'll get out of your way."
"Not at all,"I replied." We all enjoyed it, not least of all Mimi."
"I think I enjoyed it more than Mimi, "Jim said."I haven't come like that for a long time."
He lifted the chair back on to his balcony and, instead of walking round climbed over the dividing wall.
"How much longer are you here for," I asked?
"Another week."
"If the last couple of days are anything to go by, Mimi will be doing a balcony show most nights. Feel free to watch. She may even ask you to join in again."
We shook hands and Jim disappeared into his apartment.
"Are you nearly ready?" I called into the Bathroom.
"Won't be long," Mimi replied. "I'm just drying my hair."
I cracked open a bottle of Spanish Brandy, poured myself a small measure and took it onto the balcony. I checked the block opposite but there was no activity.
The pool area was all but deserted. I watched a girl swimming. She climbed out of the pool, picked up her towel from her sun lounger and walked to the open air shower. She stripped off her bikini and rinsed the pool water off before wrapping herself in her towel. Instead of thinking how horny she looked I just logged it as another way Mimi could show off. This holiday was changing my mindset.
Mimi joined me on the balcony. She was wearing a flared white skirt just short of knee length and a loosely tied matching halter top.
"You look edible," I said. She giggled and took a sip of my brandy.
I rang Joe.
"Can you pick us up?"
"Of course"
"How long?"
"I'm in the cafe Rosa over the road. I'll be outside in five minutes."
"Can you recommend a restaurant?"
"Do you like Indian Food?"
"Yes," I replied knowing that Mimi loved any Asian food.
"I'll take you to the best Indian restaurant on the Island."
"Okay, we'll see you outside."
"The Indian is a bit out of the way," Joe explained as we drove away from the hotel. "You don't get many tourists there; it's mainly locals and ex-pats."
"Sounds good to me," I replied
The three of us chatted about the nightlife on the Island. Mimi explained that we weren't really into the club scene that Ibiza is famed for and Joe said not to worry as there was a lot more than that going on.
We arrived at the Restaurant. There were plenty of cars in the parking area and the place didn't look too big.
"Will we get a table," I asked Joe?
"Once you said you liked Indian I took the liberty of making a reservation," he replied.
"Are you joining us Joe," Mimi asked.
"I will if you don't mind."
The three of us entered and were shown to our table. The place was quite brightly lit and it was very opulent. Indian and Asian art adorned the walls; antique ornaments were down lit in alcoves.
This is lovely," Mimi said. "What do you recommend to eat Joe?"
Joe talked through the menu with Mimi while I perused a very impressive wine list.
A woman approached the table. It was our Canadian friend from this morning's nature walk.
"Hello Clarice," Joe smiled
She turned to Mimi and me.
"It's nice to see you again. I guess Joe suggested coming here."
We nodded as she gave Joe a peck on the cheek. "Enjoy your meal, "she said and rejoined her husband.
"Do you know everybody on the Island, Joe," Mimi asked?
"Only the important ones," he said with a wink. "How do you know Clarice?"
"We met her and her husband on the nature trail this morning. Who are they?" I asked.
"They own this place and a couple of other establishments you might like to visit."
We asked Joe to order the food and I asked for a bottle of classic French Chablis. Joe settled on Perrier.
The food was excellent and the wine even better. At the end of the meal we each had a coffee.
"Where would you like to go next?" Joe asked
"I'd like to go to a karaoke bar," Mimi said. "Somewhere we can sing and have a dance."
"I know just the place," Joe said. I signalled the waiter for the bill.
"On the house," he said. I looked over toward Clarice's table. She waved and I mouthed thank you.
As we drove toward the Karaoke bar Joe asked what had gone on at the nudist area with Clarice. We told him that we posed for a few nude photos together but nothing else happened.
"That's strange," Joe said. "Clarice must have taken a shine to you. I've taken a lot of people to that restaurant over the years but that's the first time the food has been gratis."
Joe explained that the bar he was taking us to was a bit of a blast from the past catering for all ages with music from the 60's up to modern stuff.
"That suits us," Mimi said. "We were brought up on all the old stuff. My mum loved singing and music was always part of my childhood."
Mimi has an excellent singing voice. She probably could sing professionally but it is hard to motivate yourself when you already have everything in life. I can carry a song but I wasn't in the same league as Mimi.
"I keep my hand in working the door here occasionally. The owner is a good friend of mine. I'll introduce you. Promise not to laugh" Joe said cryptically.
Joe parked up in the staff parking area and took us through to the bar. The place was busy but not packed. As Joe had said there was a mix of ages. It was only about 10 o'clock but there were already people on the small dance floor as a guy sang a Neil Diamond number.
Joe walked over to guy sitting at the end of the bar and they greeted each other warmly; it turned out he was the owner.
"These are my friends Mimi and Nick," Joe said. We all shook hands. "This is Des O'Connor."
We both managed to keep a straight face, just.
"Don't worry," Des smiled. "I get this reaction all the time but it is my real name."
We all laughed.
Des showed us to a table in front of the raised dais where the singer was just finishing 'forever in blue Jeans'.
"You doing the door tonight, Joe," Des asked.
"I'll be around if needed but I'll keep out of the way," Joe replied
He turned to us and said "You have a good evening. I'll keep a low profile." He moved to a small table by the door.
The waitress asked us what we wanted to drink. We ordered a jug of Sangria and sat back to enjoy the evening.
"Are you going to sing Mimi," I asked.
"I am, but you go first."
I grabbed a handful of request slips and a pen and drank some more sangria while I thought about what to sing. I scribbled down the title, added my name and took it to the DJ who nodded and added my name to the list.
A couple got up and sang 'Islands in the sun'. That was Mimi's cue to drag me onto the dance floor. We both fancied ourselves as good dancers and threw ourselves into it. It was the first time I noticed how revealing Mimi's halter top was. I whispered the fact in her ear. She smiled and mouthed "I know."
"What are you going to sing", I asked Mimi when we sat down.
"River Deep, Mountain High," she replied without hesitation
"Good choice," I said having heard her sing it before. I filled the slip in and handed it in. I noticed I was about third on the list now.
"I need a pee," I whispered to Mimi. "I'll be back in a minute." I caught the waitress's eye and ordered another jug of sangria on my way to the restroom. I had a flashback to Arturo's but shook it away.
The standard of the singing was pretty good and I was a bit worried I'd make a fool of myself.
"What are you singing?" Mimi asked.
"Living next door to Alice," I replied. It was one of my favourites.
The DJ called me up to sing, handed me the mike and said "No swearing on the mike please."
I looked puzzled as he introduced me and the song I was going to sing. I was surprised at the applause it got. I didn't know how the song had been changed but soon got the message when everyone chanted 'Alice, Alice, who the fuck is Alice' at the end of the first chorus.
I looked at Mimi and shrugged my shoulders but kept singing the song. The audience participation carried on and by the end Mimi was shrieking the response at the top of her voice. When I finished the song the applause was deafening.
Des came over with a couple of shots. "Every singer gets a shot," He explained. "It would be rude to leave the lady out."
We joined in with the songs and got up to dance to a good rendition of 'wonderful tonight'. We danced very closely and I was beginning to get worked up.
"You'll be singing soon, "I said to Mimi. "We best sit down for a while."
We had nearly finished the second jug of Sangria. I asked if she wanted some more. She shook her head and looked at the cocktail list.
"I'll have sex on the beach"
"Before the holiday is over, "I smirked.
"I need the loo," Mimi said and went off to the restroom..
I called the waitress over and ordered Mimi's cocktail and a bottle of lager for myself.
I finished the Sangria just as the fresh drinks arrived.
Mimi came back from the restroom.
"A few women have commented how well you sang," she said.
"They must be tone deaf," I laughed. "Wait 'til they hear you."
Right on cue the DJ called Mimi to the stage. I got the camcorder ready.
Mimi got some polite applause as she walked to the stage. I noticed a few guys took a second glance.
"Mimi is going to sing 'river deep mountain high'. Give her a big round of applause," the DJ announced.
Mimi ripped into the song right from the start, not just singing it but dancing and cavorting to the music. I knew she could sing but this performance was something else. Her halter top just about kept her boobs covered but her skirt swirled enough to show off her thong.
She finished the song by doing the splits. The place was in uproar as Mimi received a standing ovation.
Mimi came back to the table.
"Follow that, "the DJ said. "I'll be back real soon." He put on some music and took a break.
Des came over with a bottle of Prosecco. "That deserved more than a couple of shots."
Mimi was beaming. She really loved the attention.
We danced to a couple of records before the DJ returned.
"Do you want to do a duet," I asked. Mimi nodded.
"How about 'I got you babe'. You'll outdo Cher."
"That would be nice," she said dreamily
I put the slip in.
An older guy asked if Mimi wanted to dance. It was a slow Elvis number being sung. She looked at me and I just shrugged it's up to you.
He took her hand and led her to the dance floor. They danced closely. He moved his hand down to grope her arse. Mimi didn't flinch. I saw Joe stand up ready to move in. I signalled him it was ok.
The song finished and the DJ put on another ballad.
Mimi was about to come back to the table when another guy intercepted her for a dance. He was a lot more forward and when he tried to grab Mimi's breast she pushed him away and slapped his face. I thought the guy was going to hit Mimi but before he had a chance Joe had him in an arm lock with his face pressed to the floor. Joe pulled him upright and pushed him out of the door. Joe came back in a few minutes later and gave me a thumbs-up. I never asked but assumed the guy had taken a bit of a beating.
Mimi was a bit shook up but calmed down after a glass of Prosecco and a bit of a cuddle. The DJ came over to ask if we still wanted to sing. Mimi nodded and I said yes.
"Next up then," he said.
I set up the camcorder in the hope that it would catch our performance. We were called to the stage and got a warm round of applause. Like Sonny I did very little other than sing my lines while Mimi used me as a pole to dance round. I don't know how it looked to the audience but I was getting a bit of a hard on. The song finished to another round of applause.
When we sat down I saw that the sparkle was back in Mimi's eyes; any worries from before were forgotten.
Des came over and asked if we wanted another bottle of prosecco. I checked my watch. It was just past midnight.
"What time do you close," I asked
"When the last person leaves," he said
"OK, yes please. Does the Karaoke carry on?"
"Until the last singer leaves," he laughed.
A few people got up and gave songs. The DJ played records in between. I put our names down to sing another duet.
We danced a few times and spoke with some of the other customers. Mimi danced with a few guys and I danced with a few of their wives. Mimi was getting her arse groped regularly and I was encouraged to do the same by my dance partners.
I felt a little embarrassed but was rescued by the DJ who called us to the stage to sing again.
We gave a decent rendition of 'up where we belong' and sat back at our table to drink the Prosecco.
The place was emptying out. The DJ kept the music going but turned the volume down a little.
Des and Joe joined us at the table. Mimi asked if we could go on somewhere.
"Why would you want to," Des asked. "You have all the music and drink you want right here."
"I suppose so, "Mimi replied
There were a dozen men left in the bar.
"Ask them to join us." I said to Des." I'll buy them a drink."
Mimi's eyes lit up knowing that I was about to give her another chance to show off.
Des locked up and pulled the blinds down as the guys joined us sitting round the surrounding tables. We introduced ourselves. Most of them were British holiday makers with a couple of Germans making up the numbers.
The drink flowed and we were all enjoying ourselves singing along to the songs.
One of the Germans asked the DJ if he could sing 'I can be your hero' The DJ obliged.
Mimi was asked to dance. She enjoyed the slow dance mainly because it was in front of everyone.
I got up and sang 'wing beneath my wings'
Mimi was dancing, swapping partners while getting slyly groped. She was on cloud nine.
When I sat down Mimi came and sat on my lap.
"Can I really show off?" she whispered. "I want to do a strip on the stage."
"Are you sure," I asked.
"Definitely," I checked with Des, he nodded his approval.
"Go for it." I had the camcorder ready to go
Mimi asked the DJ if he had 'Move closer' by Phyllis Nelson. He said he had the song but not a karaoke version. Mimi said "that's ok I only want to dance to it. Will you introduce me?"
The DJ gave it the big build up. "On stage next we have Mimi who will be dancing to 'Move closer' by Phyllis Nelson."
Mimi moved on to the stage and signalled the DJ to start the music.
She swayed to the slow beat hands on hips, mouthing the words of the song as she danced. She moved her hands up her body and squeezed her breast. She moved her hands down her sides and hooked her thumbs into the waistband of her skirt. She slowly pushed her skirt lower until it fall to the floor.
Her thong didn't cover much and there were giveaway signs of her excitement. She turned her back to the audience and untied her halter. Turning back she shook the halter free and massaged her now naked boobs. She turned her back again, bent at the waist and slowly removed her thong. She was now completely exposed to her audience. She turned to her admirers and I think she was about to start masturbating when the song finished.
She gave a little bow, kissed the DJ on the cheek and climbed down from the stage. She posed for photos with the guys. Some took the opportunity for a sly touch of her bum or a grope of her boobs. Mimi didn't seem fazed and nothing got out of hand. I had recorded everything.
I recovered Mimi's skirt and top from the stage but couldn't find her thong. I guess someone had taken it as a memento.
I handed Mimi her clothes as she returned to the table. She pulled her skirt on and very loosely tied her halter top. I asked Mimi if she wanted to go but she said she fancied staying. I checked with Joe that he was OK with staying, he smiled and said yes. I asked Des if he took card payments. Of course he said.
"In that case the drinks are on me for the rest of the night," I said. I'll settle up with you before we leave."
I went on to the stage and asked the DJ if was ok to stay for a while. He looked at his watch and looked a bit doubtful. I slipped him a hundred Euros and he said ok.
Des went on stage to make an announcement.
"Our new friends Mimi and Nick want to stay a bit longer," he said into the Mike, "Nick has said the drinks are on him until they leave. Enjoy the music, have a sing and a dance but no sleeping and no fighting," He joked. That was met with a round of applause.
The waitress looked crestfallen. I asked her what was wrong.
"I won't get any tips if the customers ain't paying," She said. Her accent pegged her as a Liverpool girl.
"You won't be out of pocket," I promised handing her 100 Euros. "I doubt you'll be serving too many drinks."
"Why's that," she asked?
"Mimi's a bit outnumbered here. You might get asked to dance."
"That could be fun," she giggled "but only if my first dance is with you."
"It's a deal," I replied. What's your name?"
"Bianca," she said coyly.
"Come and join us later," I invited.
The DJ got things going again by singing his rendition of the Elvis classic 'The wonder of you'. Jurgen, one of the German guys asked me if he could dance with Mimi.
"Ask the lady." He did and he and Mimi went to the dance floor.
I noticed Bianca talking to Des. He nodded and she disappeared into a back room.
Mimi returned to the table and I told her about my conversation with Bianca.
"That's great," she laughed "As much as I'd try I couldn't take them all on."
Bianca came back out and came across to the table. She looked stunning in a black figure hugging strapless mini dress.
"Can I join you?"
"Of course," I said. Joe pulled up another chair next to his.
Mimi complimented Bianca on her dress and she explained that she normally went clubbing after finishing work. I made the introductions but Joe said he and Bianca were old friends.
Bianca's re-appearance hadn't been missed by the other customers. They soon realised she had finished work for the night.
As if reading my thoughts, Des went round the tables and said that they would have to get served at the bar.
I asked Bianca what she wanted to drink and she asked for two Bianca specials explaining that Des would know what she wanted. She drained the first one as soon as I got back to the table.
The DJ kept the music going. I had the promised first dance with Bianca, a slow body grinder. Mimi didn't have the chance to be jealous as she was dancing with one of the guys. She was certainly getting groped more than Bianca was.
Joe had been to the bar while we were dancing getting two more Bianca specials and a bottle of tequila and a tray full of shot glasses.
He filled the glasses and handed them out to the remaining customers making sure he didn't forget the DJ. He came back to the table and gave one to each of us. He took an empty shot glass and poured some of his mineral water into it.
He nodded toward the stage and the DJ turned the music down. Joe stood and raised his glass.
"Here's to Mimi and Nick and another great night in O'Conner's Bar"
Everybody stood and downed their shots.
"There's still half a bottle left if you want any more," Joe shouted.
The volume came up and the DJ announced "Here's one you can all dance to" and played 'Y.M.C.A.'
Everyone except Joe and Des got up to dance. Whether by accident or design the girls ended dancing in the centre of a circle formed by the guys. Mimi and Bianca really got into the dance exaggerating all the moves. Each time Bianca stretched to do the letters the hem of her skirt rode up and the top slid down her breasts showing her aureole. By the time the dance finished her panties were clearly on view and her erect nipples in full display. She adjusted her dress. Mimi whispered something to Bianca and they both giggled. Bianca went to the restroom while Mimi came back to the table. When she returned to the table Bianca whispered in Mimi's ear and they giggled again.
The DJ played 10CC's 'I'm not in Love'.
"One of my favourites, let's dance," Bianca said taking Mimi by the hand. She led Mimi to the dance floor, not that Mimi needed much encouragement.
They danced very closely together with Bianca taking the lead. They were really grinding into each other groping each other's bum. Bianca pushed the top of her dress down freeing her breasts. Mimi untied her halter. Bianca pressed her slightly larger boobs against Mimi's. Mimi raised the back of Bianca's dress to reveal her naked cheeks. I realised now what they were giggling about before; Bianca had removed her panties.
Mimi stroked Bianca's bum. Bianca massaged Mimi's breasts and bent slightly to suck her nipple. It was very erotic. Mimi moved her hand onto Bianca's clit and had starting stroking when the song finished. They hugged each other and kissed, gave a slight bow to the audience and returned to the table hand in hand.
During the dance I commented how well the girls were getting on.
"I have an admission to make, "Joe said. "Bianca shares my apartment. We're not an item but we're there for each other when the need arises."
"I've no problem with that," I replied "I think they could become good friends."
I think everyone realised that the girls dance was the climax of the night. Each came over and said goodnight shaking hands with Joe and I and kissing the girls on the cheek. A few said it was the best night out they'd had during their stay
"It's getting late, we better head home," I said to Mimi. "We're giving Bianca a lift." The girls swapped mobile numbers as we finished our drinks.
I settled the bill and went to give Des a tip. He refused saying that word of mouth would make the bar even more popular. I shook his hand and said we might be back.
Joe dropped us at the hotel just after four o'clock. It was beginning to get light.
"Lie in tomorrow I reckon. I'll give you a bell when we surface," I said to Joe
Mimi was dead on her feet. We went back to the room and I helped her out of her clothes. She was asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow. For once I drew the curtains not wanting the sun to wake us early.
Day 4 Monday 5th July
I didn't sleep as late as I expected and was up at 9 O'clock. Mimi looked peaceful. I grabbed the camcorder and took a couple of stills. I got a bottle of water from the fridge and went through to the lounge. It was time to upload yesterday's pictures and videos.
I turned on the laptop, and connected the camcorder. There was a lot to download; our walk in the country, Enrique's shop, Jim's present and finally the night in O'Connor's bar.
As I downloaded them I realised that I really enjoyed filming our exploits but especially Mimi's solos. I started to think about watching Mimi fuck other men. The episode with Jim had been incredibly horny but I wondered how much better it might have been if I had allowed Jim to fuck Mimi; how much better would the sex shop have been if Mimi had given some blow jobs and got gangbanged?
I was beginning to get turned on as I thought about it. The fantasy was broken when the message tone beeped on my phone. It was from Joe. Ring me when you're awake.
I checked my watch it was 11:15. I'd been downloading for over two hours!
I rang Joe
"Good afternoon," Joe answered sarcastically.
"I've been up since nine."
"Our mutual friend Clarice phoned me earlier," Joe went on. "She would like you and Mimi to join her for lunch. Knowing Clarice it is likely to be interesting."
"What time," I asked.
"Half two."
"How long will it take to get there?"
"About 15 minutes."
"Pick us up at 2 o'clock and we can call at the bank on the way."
"OK," Joe replied and hung up.
Mimi was already in the shower. I guess I'd woken her talking to Joe.
I put the kettle on. When Mimi came out of the bathroom I made us both teas.
"How you feeling," I asked.
"Surprisingly good, all things considered," She smiled
I took the drinks onto the balcony. Mimi followed me wrapped in a towel which she promptly removed and folded it to form a cushion for her seat. She was really comfortable being naked in public now. She'd also brought a bottle of moisturiser.
"Who was on the phone," She asked
"Joe," I replied and explained about our lunch invite from Clarice.
"I wonder what that's all about," Mimi mused
"We'll find out soon enough," I replied. "Joe's picking us up at 2 O'clock."
I left Mimi to finish her tea while I jumped in the shower. When I came out Jim was leaning on the dividing wall between our balconies. I think he was jerking off watching Mimi moisturise her body. Mimi had turned her chair to face Jim. I grabbed the camcorder from the lounge and started filming.
Mimi was oiling her legs sensuously. She moved to her stomach slowly moving upwards to massage her breasts. Jim was stroking faster. Mimi spread her legs and opened the lips of her vagina with her fingers. That sent Jim over the top. He must have shot his load on the wall. Mimi stood up and gave Jim a short kiss on the lips. She picked up her towel and the bottle of oil and turned to Jim.
"I have to get ready to go out now," she said to him, "but I'll see you again soon."
She saw me standing naked with the camcorder in my hand.
"Did you film that," she asked.
"I did" I replied.
"It looks like you enjoyed it too, "she smiled eying my semi erect penis.
We started to get ready for our lunch appointment. I chose a pair of tailored shorts and a salmon pink casual shirt. Mimi chose a powder blue, halter neck mini dress. It wasn't quite as revealing as some of the outfits she had worn on this holiday but she still looked gorgeous.
We were ready with an hour or so to spare
"Fancy a coffee in Rosa's," I asked Mimi?
She nodded her agreement. I messaged Joe to let him know where we would be. I grabbed my rucksack and put the camcorder in it.
We sat outside Rosa's and we ordered two Lattes. The waitresses were getting to know us and were very friendly. When the waitress served the coffee she asked if we wanted to eat. I declined knowing we would be eating with Clarice later.
"Did you enjoy last night?" I asked Mimi.
"It was wonderful," Mimi replied. "I really like Bianca. We seem to have a lot in common."
I told her about the relationship between Bianca and Joe. I thought Mimi would be surprised.
"I guessed as much last night" she smiled
"The whole day was exciting," she went on. "Especially Enrique's and entertaining Jim; I suppose I was a bit slutty but it really made me hot. My orgasms were really intense."
I remember how I felt this morning when I was downloading the recordings.
I told Mimi how I had fantasized about her being gangbanged in Enrique's and also about allowing Jim to actually fuck her.
"I've had similar thoughts myself," Mimi said." If we hadn't set our ground rules one or the other, maybe both could have happened."
"Maybe we have to review our ground rules," I said just as Joe turned up.
Joe handed me a memory stick.
"Enrique said you might like a copy of this." I slipped it in my bag.
Joe drove us to the nearest Santander bank. I withdrew 5000 Euros and went back to the car. I gave 2000 to Joe as agreed and pocketed the rest.
Joe took us to a plush hotel, the sort we would usually stay in.
"Clarice will be in the Tea room," Joe informed us. "Be careful. She will exploit you if you allow it."
Clarice didn't know our background and thought we would be awed by the opulence of the hotel.
We had a light lunch and Clarice explained she ran a very discreet club; a live sex show club. She felt Mimi and I would be a great act for the club explaining we could make a lot of money.
"I'm not a whore," Mimi said," and we don't need your money."
Clarice looked shocked. I doubt she was used to being rebuffed.
"But I've heard about some of your antics since you arrived on the island," She spluttered.
"Those were spontaneous reactions to the situations," I said."We're not performing animals."
I called the waiter over and asked for the bill and paid with my Amex, giving him a generous tip.
I put 500 Euros on the table in front of Clarice.
"That will cover the meal from last night," I whispered leaning toward her. "You chose the wrong target, Clarice. You're nothing but a brothel madam. I could buy you out ten times over."
She looked stunned as we left.
Joe was waiting outside for us.
We got in the car.
"What a cheeky cow she was," I seethed.
We told Joe what went on and our responses.
"Good on you," he said. "But you might have made a powerful enemy."
"Not half as powerful as the one she's just made," I retorted. "I'll explain that to you sometime."
"Are the shops open now," Mimi asked?
Joe checked his watch.
"They will be by the time we get there," He smiled.
We drove to the main shopping area of Ibiza town
"Are there plenty of clothes shops," Mimi asked?
"Every designer you can think off, "Joe replied.
"What about electronics sales." I added?
"A few; all high end stuff. You should get whatever you're after.
Joe dropped us at the end of the pedestrian shopping area.
"When you're ready to go back to the hotel," Joe said. "Go to that cafe over there." He pointed to a large outside terrace, "and give me a bell. I'll be here as quick as I can. There's nowhere to park round here."
"No worries, I'll let you know."
Joe was certainly right about the amount of designer shops. I thought that Mimi was going to swoon.
"I'm going to try some dresses on," Mimi said. "Have the camera ready" she said with a laugh.
The first shop we went into was a beachwear outlet. Mimi selected a couple of skimpy bikinis and a couple of sun dresses.
The fitting cubicles were at the back of the shop. Mimi took her items into the cubicle and half drew the curtain. I took a seat in the waiting area where I had a clear view of Mimi's cubicle. I took the camcorder from my bag and, discreetly as possible, filmed Mimi stripping her dress off and removing her panties. She put on a postage stamp Bikini and came out of the cubicle to ask my opinion. I gave her a nod of approval. The couple of guys who were shopping with their partners took a long look at Mimi.
She went back to the cubicle. She made no attempt to close the curtain as she stripped off the first bikini and put on an almost transparent alternative.
Her nipples were plainly visible through the bikini top and the bottom formed a perfect camel toe. One of the guys had moved next to me to watch. Mimi moved in front of me and asked for my approval. She got another nod.
She stripped off and put on an almost transparent sun dress. I'm sure you're supposed to wear something underneath that I thought, as she gave me a twirl.
"Very nice," I said. Her admirer nodded his approval
Mimi only went half way into the cubicle, stripped off and put on a fish net dress. It covered nothing. Her nipples poked through the mess and her vagina was clearly visible
She beckoned her admirer to her. She lifted his hand to her breast and rubbed his groin. She gave him a pack on the cheek.
Mimi went back to the cubicle and stripped off. Standing naked she took her time putting the items back on their hangers. She pulled her dress on but didn't fasten the halter behind her neck as tightly as she had earlier. She also gave me her panties and asked me to put them in my bag.
Mimi took the items to the counter and paid for them on her credit card and moved on.
That set the pattern for the afternoon as we went to various fashion houses with Mimi trying on plenty of outfits and flashing as much as the changing rooms would allow. I took plenty of pictures.
She ended up buying half a dozen dresses that could only be described as risqué.
"I want to go to a camera shop," I said to Mimi.
"Boring," she said. It won't be I thought.
I found a shop. Mimi sat on a bench outside surrounded by her shopping while I went to do mine.
I entered the shop. A quick look round showed that I had found the right sort of place.
I went to the counter, taking my camcorder from my bag. The girl behind the counter was a very pretty Spanish girl. I showed her my camcorder and asked if she had any upgrades.
"That is top of the range," she said in impeccable English. "I don' think we can improve on that although we have that model."
I explained that it was the battery life I wanted to improve.
"We do have better capacity batteries and chargers,
"I'll take a camcorder, two spare batteries and a charger," I said
"Fine," she said. "Anything else I can help you with?"
There was no way of disguising what I wanted so I told her I wanted discreet cameras to record some of our more intimate moments. She smiled knowingly. She went to the back of the shop and came back with what looked like a thick laptop.
She opened up the top and explained that it was a multi-input recorder.
"It comes with three small high definition wireless waterproof cameras," she explained. "Each camera can be operated individually or collectively from the console."
"The range of the cameras from the console is 500 metres and each camera has a 250 hour recording capacity. Battery life is approximately 15 hours. The contents can be reviewed on the console screen and can be downloaded to the master recorder which has750 hours recording capacity. Editing is really easy and the final results can be downloaded to a computer or a memory stick.
"You seem to know the equipment well," I commented.
"I do," she replied. "We use one for our security surveillance in the shop." She pointed out the three tiny cameras. They were hardly noticeable. "Ours are hard wired for charging but there are ports within the console for battery charging.
She ran through the controls and I was convinced.
"I'll take it," I said. "I'll take a half a dozen memory sticks as well please."
She entered the goods on the till.
"That comes to 2,300 Euros altogether" she said
I gave her my Amex. She looked a bit dubious but beamed when the payment was accepted.
I asked her to unpack everything. I was pleased to see the console fitted easily into my laptop bag that I had stuffed into my backpack and I packed the rest of the stuff in my bag.
"Enjoy your filming," she said
"I will," I said moving toward the door.
"I wouldn't mind starring in one of them," she laughed.
"You never now," I said giving her a peck on the check. She gave me a card.
"Just in case you have any problems with your equipment," she laughed
Scribbled on the back of the card was Maria and a mobile number. I put it in my bag.
"You took your time," Mimi said as I came out of the shop.
"It'll be worth it," I said and explained what I had bought.
"You're turning into a perv," she laughed.
"But I'm your perv." We both giggled
We made our way to the cafe that Joe had said he would pick us up from.
I didn't call him straight away and ordered a jug of sangria.
We sat in the cooling afternoon sun watching the world go by. Mimi raised her left foot and placed it on her right knee.
I found her thong in my bag.
"Do you want this," I asked?
"No point now," she smiled. "The breeze is refreshing."
I laughed out loud which turned a few heads. Some realised what was on display. Some turned away but most kept having a sly peek.
Mimi moved forward in her chair letting her dress ride up to the top of her thighs showing off her vagina to anyone watching. She was clever the way she did it as it all looked accidental.
She feigned being warm and fanned herself with her hands accidentally pushing her halter to one side exposing her breast.
She certainly had a lot of attention now. I think she would have gone further but a waiter came over and asked Mimi to cover up.
"Spoil sport," she said doing as requested. Leaning toward me she asked me to ring Joe.
"Let's go back and try out these cameras."
Joe dropped us at the hotel around 7 o'clock.
"I'm not sure what we're doing tonight," I said to Joe. "Do you know any intimate bars; ones with booths or the like?"
"I think I do," Joe said.
"I'll ring you later, when we're ready to go out."
On the way in I asked at the reception if we could order in Pizza. The girl on reception said just ring the order through from your room. We'll arrange delivery and add the cost to your bill.
We went back to the room. Mimi hung her new dresses in the wardrobe while I poured us a wine. She joined me on the balcony. I told her more about the new equipment I'd bought..
"Does that mean you can tape whatever goes on in every room?"
"Just about," I replied
We sipped a little more wine.
"You know when you said maybe we have to review our ground rules," Mimi asked, "what did you mean exactly?"
"I'm not sure really. I really wanted to watch you get fucked in the sex shop and I know you wanted it too."
"Are you saying you would let other men fuck me?"
"That sounds very crude put like that but in the right circumstance, when we both wanted it to happen, why not?"
"There have been times over the last few days when I would have enjoyed that."
"It's not like you would be making love," I went on. "It would just be a fuck; an extension of our sex adventures. "
"Are you saying anything goes?"
"Within reason if we are both happy and in control of the situation but I must be present or at least watching on camera."
"I'm getting wet just thinking about it," Mimi said.
"I was getting hard fantasising about it this morning" I replied.
"We'll have to see what we can do to make those fantasies come true."
I got us another drink. By the time I returned to the balcony Mimi had taken her dress off and was slowly rubbing her clit.
"I love you dearly and you will always be my love but I can't wait to try out the new boundaries." Mimi whispered.
"We could kill two birds with one stone," I said
"How do you mean?"
I told her that we could get a pizza delivery and she could do the classic towel drop and offer whatever she fancied as a tip.
"I could set up the new cameras to film it all."
"That sounds fabulous."
We shared a shower. It got quite erotic but I said "Save it for the Pizza man"
We both laughed.
I put on a robe on and Mimi loosely wrapped a towel round herself.
We went back on the balcony.
"Are you sure you want to do this," I asked
"I'm getting wet just thinking about it," she repeated.
"Let me set up the cameras and I'll place the order."
"Can I have a brandy to help me relax," Mimi asked
I poured us both a good measure and set up the cameras. I put the console on the desk in the lounge, plugged it in and checked the cameras were covering all the areas I felt was needed. The picture quality was exceptional. I switched the cameras off. I showed Mimi where the cameras were placed
I rang the order through to the reception and asked how long it would take.
"About 15 minutes normally," the receptionist said. "I'll give you a ring back when it arrives."
"Last chance to change your mind, Mimi."
"Definitely not."
"When we get the ring back I'll go into the lounge. I'll be able to watch on the screen. You won't be on your own."
We got the ring back. I went into the lounge, turned on the cameras, closed the dividing door and turned the lounge lights out.
Mimi waited by the door. The delivery man knocked on the door. Mimi opened the door. The delivery man was just a kid; sixteen or seventeen. I thought she might abort it because of his age but I think she was too excited.
She asked the boy to put the pizza on the table next to the bed. The door swung shut as he put the pizza where Mimi had indicated.
He turned to leave but Mimi blocked his way to the door.
"I don't have any money for a tip," she said, "but I can offer something better." She dropped the towel. The kid looked embarrassed.
Mimi stepped closer to him and placed his hands on her breasts. He tried to pull his hands away but Mimi held them firm.
"Just enjoy it" she whispered in his ear.
He seemed to relax and Mimi started rubbing his cock through his shorts.
"You're getting into the swing of it now"
She hooked her thumbs into the waistband of his shorts and pushed them down. His cock jumped to attention. She gave him a short jerk. She turned her back to him and pushed her bum against his cock. He knew to rub his cock up and down between Mimi's arse cheeks.
Mimi took his hands and placed one on her breast and the other on her clit. He didn't seem to know what to do so Mimi moved his hand to stroke her vagina.
Mimi turned to face him. She stood with her legs spread and told him to finger her cunt. The language barrier disappeared as he did as he was told. Mimi took his cock in her hand.
"Move your hand at the same speed as mine," she said as she started jerking him. She increased the speed and the boy met her speed.
Mimi shuddered to an orgasm. I don't think the kid knew what was happening as Mimi half collapsed on him. He still had a good hard on. Mimi sank to her knees in front of him and took his cock into her mouth. She jerked him and sucked him at the same time. It was obvious that the kid was getting close.
Mimi took his cock from her mouth and increased her hand speed. The kid shuddered and shot a huge amount of cum onto Mimi's face. When he finished Mimi took his cock back into her mouth and licked it clean.
The kid pulled his shorts up and kissed Mimi's sperm covered lips. Mimi gave him the 50 Euro note I had left on the table by the door. "Thank you," she said as he left the room.
I turned on the lights in the lounge and switched off the cameras. I went to Mimi and hugged her.
"That was incredible," I said.
"You're not upset?"
"Not at all. That was incredibly horny."
"I came you know," Mimi said
"I noticed"
"Did the cameras work?"
"Better than I could have hoped" I confirmed. "I'll show you tomorrow."
"Are we still going out?" she asked
"If you want to"
"I'll go and clean up."
"We've got a cold pizza to eat." We both laughed.
I collected the cameras and put them in their charging ports in the console.
I poured a couple of Brandies and took them and the pizza out onto the balcony. Mimi joined me padding her chair with the towel. Needless to say she was still naked. It had reached the stage where I would have been more surprised if she was dressed.
We ate the cold pizza, It was quite tasty, and washed it down with the Brandy.
"Where are we going tonight," Mimi asked?
"I've asked Joe to take us to a more intimate bar, one with private booths." I replied.
"I'll wear one of my new dresses" Mimi smiled.
"I'm going to take the new recording equipment on a field trip."
"What do you expect to happen?"
"I don't know," I smirked, "I just want to be ready for the unexpected."
I put on a black torso hugging vest and a pair of black swim shorts.
"You look ripped," Mimi said from behind me.
I turned toward her. I think my jaw dropped. She had chosen a backless Halter top mini dress. The dress had just about enough sheer light green material to keep her decent.
"You look pretty hot, yourself," I croaked
I packed the console into my bag, added the new camcorder, a small towel and some baby wipes.
I phoned Joe. He said he would be outside in ten minutes. I checked my watch. It was already 9:30.
"So what's this bar like that we're going to, Joe," Mimi asked.
"It's quite an intimate place and quite exclusive," he explained. "It's a members club. People, couples and singles, go there to see and be seen. There are a few curtained off booths if anyone wants some private time. It isn't a full blown swingers club; maybe a rung or two down the ladder."
"How do we get in if it's for members," I asked.
"I'll get the doorman to sign you in as guests," Joe answered.
"Let me guess," Mimi said. "He's a friend of yours".
"SHE is," He replied. We all laughed.
Joe parked the car in the club's parking area.
We walked to the entrance and Joe knocked on the door. It was opened by the tallest woman I have ever seen.
"Hello Michelle," Joe greeted her. She hugged Joe, lifting off his feet.
"Hi Joey boy," she said releasing him. "Have you been avoiding me?"
"Of course not Mike, I've just been busy."
"What can I do for you, honey," she growled.
"I want you to meet my friends Mimi and Nick. Can you give them guest status for the evening, please?"
Looking us up and down she said "We always have room for a good looking couple like you two. Just sign in the guest book and I'll be right back."
Joe whispered to us "Michelle, or Mike as he was then, was one of the best bouncers on the circuit when I first came over to the island. She'll look after you tonight."
Michelle came back and said let me show you to your table.
"I'll be in the bar directly opposite when you're ready to go," Joe said as he left.
Michelle showed us to a table in the centre of the main bar area introducing us to a few people as we passed.
"Now people know you're my guests you'll have no trouble tonight, not that there is very often here," She laughed. "One of the staff will come and take your order. It's easier if you set up a tab on your credit card; saves all the fuss with cash payments. Enjoy your evening. I'll be floating around if you have any questions."
A waitress came and took our order. She was wearing a maid uniform similar to the one Mimi had tried on in the sex shop. I set up the tab as suggested and asked Mimi what she wanted. She asked for white wine. I asked the waitress what she would recommend.
"We have an excellent Sauvignon blanc from the Central vale in Chile," she replied in a clipped Oxbridge accent.
I ordered a bottle and asked for a jug of iced water.
"There are some beautiful people here," Mimi said.
"None as beautiful as you, my little strumpet," I replied laughing.
She punched me on the arm, giggling.
The drinks arrived. The waitress poured the wine, leaning over the table to show most of her bust.
The wine was excellent and I made a mental note about Chilean wine.
There was a small dance floor. Couples were dancing to slow ballads; there seemed to be nothing more upbeat. There did appear to be a lot of groping going on. There was an undercurrent of sensuality about the place
Lionel Ritchie's 'Hello' came on.
"Let's dance," I said leading Mimi to the dance floor.
We had already received some admiring looks but our dancing seemed to get us accepted as we got as close to vertical love making as you can with your clothes on.
After we sat down several couples came over and said hello. We both got asked to dance a few times. The women were mainly disappointed as I could only perform like that with Mimi but I did get my arse groped a few times and groped a few bums and boobs. I didn't feel comfortable but Mimi certainly did. She was really getting groped by a succession of dance partners. The dress she was wearing allowed easy access to her bum and breasts; she knew she had an audience and didn't object.
I sat down and waved away a few more offers to dance. I watched Mimi. Each time a song would finish she would get intercepted before she made it back to the table but she had that now familiar gleam in her eye. She danced three or four more dances the last one with a very classy looking lady.
It was probably the most erotic of all as they mashed their bodies together. Mimi had her back to me for awhile and I'm certain (confirmed later) that her lady dance partner gave Mimi a quick but enjoyable finger fuck.
I noticed there were a lot people going up and down the stairs at the end of the bar and wondered what might be happening upstairs. I beckoned Michelle over and asked what went on upstairs. She explained that there were a dozen private rooms where members could live out their fantasy. As guests we couldn't use the rooms but we could use the booths if we wanted to go beyond dancing.
When Mimi finally got off the dance floor I told her what Michelle had said.
"Shall we get a booth," I asked
"I think we should," Mimi replied.
We took our drinks into the booth that looked out on to the main bar area. I closed the curtain.
"What are you doing," Mimi asked?
"I want to set up the cameras. I'm not sure if it's allowed," I explained
"Ok," she replied," as long as I can get naked soon"
The booth could probably sit a dozen. There was as shelf running round the booth that was perfect for setting up two of the cameras.
"It looks like there are some house cameras," I said to Mimi pointing out the camera above the curtain. I hung the third camera just below it.
"I need the loo," I said. I opened the curtain wide enough to get out. I didn't close it over when I returned.
Mimi also went to the restroom leaving the curtain even further open.
We had nearly finished the wine. When Mimi came back I asked her what she wanted to drink. She just wanted an orange juice.
I pushed the service button and a waiter came over. He was only wearing a pair of skin tight micro shorts. They did nothing to hide the fact that he was well hung. I ordered Mimi's juice and a large brandy for myself. The waiter went off to get the drinks.
"He's fit," Mimi said. "Do you think he might join us?"
"I can only ask," I laughed.
The waiter returned with the drinks opening the curtain half way.
"Would you care to join us," I asked? Mimi gave him her greatest smile.
"I'd love to" He replied. He explained that as we weren't members his time with us would be charged to our bill.
"No worries," I said.
"I'll have to let the boss know I'm on hire time," he said. "I'll be right back."
Mimi was almost shaking at the thought of what might happen. He might be more interested in me I teased. I was definitely wrong.
He returned a few minutes later..
"Should I close the curtain," he asked?
"Don't you dare," Mimi said.
He pushed the curtain fully open. Everyone one in the seating area had a clear view of our booth.
"If you're going to grope me, "Mimi said to him, "I'd like to know your name."
"I'm Curtis," he replied taking a seat to Mimi's left.
I reached into my bag and hit the record button.
Mimi wasted no time and started rubbing our groins.
I reached over and pushed my hand inside Mimi's flimsy top to massage her boob. Curtis soon followed suit.
Mimi reached behind her neck and untied her halter. She was now naked to the waist. We were getting plenty of attention from the customers in the bar as Curtis and I moved in to suck Mimi's hardening nipples.
Mimi pushed us both away. She stood and removed her dress and slowly removed her Thong. She had got her wish and was naked again for all to see.
Mimi sat back down and beckoned Curtis to stand next to her. She pushed his shorts down to reveal an enormous cock. She started to stroke him. She leaned toward him and started sucking him. She showed off all her skills learned from the internet porn sites and perfected with practice on me.
She licked along his shaft, cradling his balls in her hand. Mimi licked his scrotum taking one of his testicles into her mouth before going back to blowing him.
I was gently finger fucking Mimi and sucking her nipples.
Curtis was showing great restraint but was getting close.
"Easy tiger," Mimi murmured. "A way to go yet."
"Clear the glasses from the table," Mimi said breathlessly.
I downed my brandy and moved Mimi's orange on to the shelf ensuring it didn't block the cameras.
She whispered to Curtis" Let's see if you're as good with your tongue as I am?"
Mimi stretched out on the table. Curtis pulled her closer to the edge and started licking her clit while fingering her.
I was feeling very excited but a bit left out. I dropped my shorts and pushed my very hard cock towards Mimi's face. She took me in her mouth and gave me an incredible blow.
Curtis built up the speed and Mimi was responding. I knew she was getting close.
"Swap places," Mimi croaked
I moved so I could go down on her. She took Curtis in her mouth again.
We were all getting close.
"Fuck me now, Nick," Mimi pleaded.
I stood up and pushed my swollen cock into her sopping pussy. She gasped. I increased the pace. Mimi was trembling and bucking.
She stopped sucking Curtis's cock but asked him to cum in her mouth. He finished himself off filling Mimi's mouth with cum.
That pushed me over the top and I filled Mimi's vagina with my cum. Mimi shook as she had an intense orgasm.
Curtis pulled his shorts back on, saying he had to get back to work.
Mimi gave him a kiss and asked him to close the curtain as he left.
I switched off the cameras and gave Mimi some Baby wipes and a small towel from my bag to clean up.
I collected up the cameras and stashed them away. We both got dressed.
"Do you want to go," I asked Mimi?
"Not yet," she replied."I'd like to see what reaction we get."
We went back to the table via the washrooms and I ordered another bottle of wine.
The classy looking lady that Mimi had danced with earlier asked if she could join us. She sat down opposite us and nodded to the nearest waiter. A cocktail of some sort duly arrived.
"That was some way to introduce your selves to the members," she smiled.
"Where we out of order," I asked?
"On the contrary, it livened up the evening," she replied. "My name is Melanie but most people just call me Mel,"
Mimi shook her hand; I stood up and, almost bowing, brushed the back her hand with my lips.
"How gallant," she said feigning embarrassment.
Mel told us that she was the manager of the club. She explained that it was a discreet establishment for exhibitionists, voyeurs and open-minded people and asked if we would like to join.
"We're only here on Holiday," I explained.
Mel told us that this club was one of a network of clubs throughout Europe and the Middle East numbering over five hundred.
"You would be joining all of the clubs if you join tonight. You would have full members' access to all the clubs anywhere in the world"
"Are there any in London," Mimi asked
"At least 10 including the original one in Kensington," Mel replied. "And there are plenty more in mainland UK but new clubs are opening all the time."
"That could be fun when we go home," Millie giggled.
"How much is the membership," I asked?
"£1000 sterling per couple per annum. Its set high to maintain exclusivity," Mel explained.
"I think we should join," Mimi said almost pleading.
"OK. Why not," I smiled.
Mel beckoned over a guy who I thought was just a member having a drink.
"This is Luis," Mel said. "Go to the office with him and he'll complete all the paperwork."
Turning to Luis, Mel said "Express membership. Waive the extra payment."
Luis led us to the office and went through the paperwork with us. We read through the conditions of membership including quite a lengthy confidentiality clause. Luis explained that he needed a couple of photos for the membership cards. The equipment was set up in the corner of the office and the photos were sorted in about 30 seconds. We filled in all the forms. I paid with my Amex and Luis explained that the cards would be ready in about 20 minutes.
"You'll both get an e mail in the next 24 hours. It will contain a link to the club networks website and a onetime password," he explained. "You'll need to change your password on your fist visit. The log-in page will give no indication of what the site is about."
We thanked him and returned to our table. Mel was still sat there.
"Welcome to C & B scene," She smiled. "You've just signed for a life of erotica and sexual experiments. It's up to you how much you make of it but I think you will enjoy it more than most."
'C & B scene' I thought to myself; A clever name; could be anything if you weren't aware.
Mel asked if we wanted a tour of the upper rooms. I checked my watch. It was already 1 o'clock. I said maybe next time.
Luis brought our membership cards. I thanked him and put them in my bag. We finished our wine and took our leave. Mel kissed both of us and whispered to Mimi, loud enough for me to hear, "You keep that pussy nice and tight," confirming what I had suspected had happened earlier in the evening. I gave Michelle a hug on the way out; she reciprocated and I thought she was going to crush my ribs. She bent to give Mimi a kiss. Mimi threw her arms round her neck and Michelle straightened up lifting Mimi off of her feet. They swapped a very wet kiss.
"If I'd met someone like you ten years ago," he said to Mimi, "I'd still be Mike."
We crossed the road and entered the bar were Joe said to meet him. He was sat in a booth by the door playing chess with an old Chinese guy.. There was a 50 euro note on the table next to the board.
"Are you ready to go," he asked?
"No rush," I replied. "Finish your game."
"We've only just started this game. The last one took over an hour," Joe said.
"No worries," I replied. "We'll just chill over a couple of drinks."
I asked Mimi what she wanted.
"Rum and coke and a reason to take my kit off," she laughed. I knew she was only half joking about the last part.
I got the drinks and sat down. There were only four other people in the place.
"What do you think of our new club," I asked Mimi?
"It could have been especially designed for us," she smiled.
"I guess it was, or at least for people with similar tastes," I replied. "I'm surprised how many clubs there are round the world."
"There must be plenty of show-offs like me around and plenty of pervy old men who like to watch."
"I didn't see any pervy old men in there tonight," I mockingly protested. "I thought it was all quite classy."
"Until we brought the tone down." We both giggled
"I don't know what's possessed me this holiday," Mimi went on. "I've always been a bit of a tease but I've been way over the top at times."
"I think you've acted spontaneously to the situations we have found ourselves in. I think seeing that couple making out on their balcony on our first night triggered all this. Especially as they made it clear they knew we were watching."
"That certainly encouraged me but I think it goes a little deeper than that."
"How so," I asked.
"Do you remember when we were talking about booking this holiday you said you wanted us to be independent from our parents?"
"I do."
"When we got to Heathrow I got this feeling of freedom," she went on. "For the first time in my life, in our married life, I felt we were in control. I felt empowered. I just wanted to do everything that I had been unable to do up to then. I didn't know how that would manifest itself at that point but I'm sure it has played a big part in my behaviour since. I know I can't carry on behaving like this forever but I just need to get it out of my system. And I am truly enjoying it. I love you even more for bringing me on this holiday and for joining in with my fantasies,"
I hugged her to me.
"They have been my fantasies as well," I replied." I'm loving every minute of it. As for carrying it on after the holiday, I don't see why not as long as it's more discreet. We've just joined a network of clubs that will help us on that score."
We kissed long and hard.
"Do you want another drink, Mimi?"
"Yes please," she replied.
Joe was still finishing his game of chess. I ordered the drinks, paid cash, noting that I needed to get some more Euros, and returned to the table.
"Mimi, can I ask you a question?" She nodded.
"Seeing as how we've relaxed the barriers why didn't you let Curtis fuck you earlier?"
"I thought about it," Mimi said," But it didn't seem the right time and I wanted you."
"I missed an opportunity there," she said coyly." He was hung like a horse."
I was in mid sip and spat my rum out as we both laughed out load.
"Have I missed something," Joe asked, joining us at our table?
"It was big but I can't say more," Mimi chortled. We both took another fit of laughing.
When I'd calmed down I asked Joe how the chess finished.
He explained that he played chess with Kenny Wong every time they met up.
"I must have played him at least a hundred times and the best I've ever managed is a couple of stalemates," Joe told us. "You must be my lucky charms because I finally beat him tonight. "
"I think we're going to have a quiet day round the pool tomorrow and stay local tomorrow night," I told Joe. "You have the day off. You deserve it."
"Thanks," he said. "If I can make a suggestion when you go out tomorrow, turn left instead of right toward the main resort. Take the first left and you'll find a couple of authentic Spanish restaurants and a few bars."
He drove us back to the hotel. As we got out of the car he told us to ring him when we needed him.
When we got back to the room I asked Mimi if she wanted a nightcap. She said no. I poured myself a brandy. Mimi was already sitting naked on the balcony. I took my clothes off and joined her.
I sat with my arm around her shoulders. She was lazily stroking my cock.
"It's been a great holiday so far," she said.
"We'll have to do our best to make sure the rest is as good." I replied, downing my Brandy. "Shall we go to bed?"
I took Mimi by the hand and led her to the bed. She couldn't resist waving in case anyone was watching.
We made slow passionate love. It was intense. After Mimi had covered my face with her juices for a second time we flopped back on the bed.
"I understand what you meant earlier," Mimi said. "That was making love not just a fuck."
I spooned into her back. We were both asleep within minutes.
Day 5 Tuesday 6th July
I was first awake as usual. Mimi was sprawled face doghwn on the bed. She looked almost childlike.
I showered and slipped on a bathrobe. I went through to the lounge and poured myself an orange juice. I was getting quite excited thinking about what might be on the recording console.
I plugged the console in making sure the cameras were in the correct position for charging.
Using the remote control I selected camera 1 and pressed play. I fast forwarded through the Pizza boy and played the section in the club. It was the camera I had placed on the left.
It captured almost everything that went on. I did the same with cameras 2 and 3 and between them there was a complete record of our booth performance. It was very erotic.
I decided to edit the Pizza boy recordings. I pressed the 'edit all cameras' button and the screen split in to four displays, one for each camera and one for the master. It was easy to select what sections from each camera to download to the main. Even better was the function to play the record sections in chronicle order.
I was just about to play back The Pizza boy edit when Mimi appeared at the lounge door with two cups of tea. She had been showered and was wrapped in a towel.
"You love your new gadget don't you," Mimi smirked.
I didn't realise how absorbed I'd been in the editing.
"It's really great. Do want to watch the edited Pizza towel drop?"
"Yes please" she replied replicating the towel drop.
She snuggled into my lap and I selected play.
We both watched in silence. I got a bit of a twinge that Mimi must have felt. When it finished Mimi said "I still find it hard to believe that I did that but what a turn on."
"It's the new us," I said."I haven't edited our performance in the club yet but the rough cut is pretty horny."
"Save it 'til later, let's get some sun on the balcony."
I made more tea and followed Mimi on to the balcony. She had placed her towel on her seat as usual and had spread her naked body to catch the sun. I sat next to her thinking how lucky I was to have a wife like Mimi.
"Good Morning," Jim said leaning on the dividing wall.
Mimi stood and gave him a kiss. Her nakedness just seemed normal.
"It's my last day," Jim said. "I fly home tomorrow."
"Well we better go out for something to eat and a boogie tonight," Mimi said.
"What time's your flight," I asked.
"6:30 tomorrow afternoon," he replied. "I get picked up at three o'clock,".
"What are you plans for today, Jim," I asked?
"None really; do some packing and go for a few drinks."
"How about we meet up later" Mimi suggested. "We can get drunk and have a good time."
"That's a date," Jim said. "I need to say goodbye to a few friends I have made since I got here but I'll see you in the bar downstairs at seven."
Between us we put all our dirty clothes in the laundry and dry cleaning bags and I rang reception and asked them to collect.
"Do you want to go round the pool," I asked Mimi?
"Not really, I'm happy on the balcony and you want to play with your new gadget," She smiled.
"Let's go to Rosa's for breakfast" I suggested.
I pulled on a pair of shorts and a tee. Mimi put on one of my Hawaiian shirts. It was a baggy fit and just about covered her bum.
"You look horny as hell," I said.
"I feel horny and hungry. Let's go eat."
"You forgot your panties."
"I didn't forget," She smiled.
We sat on the terrace and ordered croissants and coffee.
"I might finally cross the line tonight," Mimi said.
"What do you mean," I asked?
"I think I might let Jim fuck me if you're comfortable with it."
The order arrived but it didn't seem important any more.
"Are you serious"?
"You saw how spontaneous things were before. If things go that way again a nice threesome could be on the cards. You can set up the cameras too."
The prospect of that really got me excited.
We picked at the food while we finished the coffee.
I paid the bill and we headed back to the apartment.
"These chairs are really uncomfortable," Mimi said, having removed my shirt and moved to the balcony. "I'm not going to get much of a tan like this."
I went into the lounge and pulled out the fold away bed. I took the flimsy mattress out on to the balcony and laid it out rearranging the table and chairs.
"That should be better," she said. Visions of what might happen on that mattress flashed through my head.
"Do you want more tea, Mimi," I asked
"No thanks," She replied, getting comfortable on the mattress.
"Will you be ok if I go to the supermarket? We're running short of a few things."
"I'll be fine," she replied. "See if they sell condoms."
She obviously intended to go through with her suggestion from earlier.
I emptied my back pack so I could use it for the shopping and found the memory stick Enrique had given to Joe for me. I put it next to the lap top to view later.
"I won't be long," I said, opening the apartment door.
"See you soon," Mimi replied.
I went down to the reception and asked where the nearest cash machine was. The receptionist told me there was one in the basement next to the supermarket. I thanked her and made my way downstairs wondering how I'd missed it on our last visit. I put it down to Jet lag.
Sure enough the ATM was to the left of the entrance to the shop. It had a 500 euro limit per transaction so I withdrew 500 on my debit card and a further 500 on my Amex.
I went round the shop picking up the things I thought we might need. I spotted some foam beach mats. They will come in handy I thought, picking up two. I couldn't find any condoms on display. I felt a little embarrassed asking the very attractive young girl behind the counter if they sold condoms. She didn't understand.
"Condoms," I repeated pointing sheepishly at my groin.
"Ah, condones," she said with a giggle. She reached under the counter and brought up a box of assorted packets. I must have looked bewildered.
"These best," she said with a wink handing me a packet and replacing the box back under the counter. I thanked her.
I placed the rest of my shopping on the counter and stuffed everything into my bag, carrying the beach mats separately. I settled the bill and headed to the lift.
When I got back to the apartment Mimi was sat on the mattress hugging her knees to her chest. She was talking to two young guys on the next balcony, the one at right angles to ours. I was worried that they had upset Mimi as it looked like she was trying to cover herself. I needn't have worried.
"Hi Mimi, I'm back," I called.
"Hi Nick, come and meet our new neighbours," She waved me over.
She got up and stood on tip-toe to kiss my cheek.
"This is Troy and Dean. They're twins and are here celebrating their 18th birthdays."
I reached over the dividing wall and shook hands
"Do you want a wine, Mimi?" I asked.
"What time is it," she asked?
"12:30," I replied
""I'll have a red, please."
I asked Troy and Dean if they wanted a drink. They both looked at each other. I guess they hadn't done much drinking before.
"I'll get you some wine,"
I poured two large red and two large whites. I took one of each onto the balcony.
"See if you like these," I said and passed them across to the boys.
I brought Mimi's and my wine out to the balcony. She was sat in the chair again which miraculously now faced the boys.
We sat and had a natter. Mimi whispered in my ear and went to the bathroom.
"We're sorry about looking at your wife," Dean said. "She basically invited us to."
"No worries. Mimi likes to be watched. It turns her on," I said. "How long are you here for," I asked?
"A week," Troy replied.
"I'm sure you'll see plenty of Mimi in that time." I replied smiling. "Feel free to enjoy. I do."
Mimi came back from the bathroom. She was still naked as she took her seat on the balcony.
"I need to catch up on my e mails," I said. "I'm sure you can keep these boys entertained."
"OK," Mimi replied.
I took my wine to the lounge and booted up the laptop. I plugged in the recording console as well.
I accessed my e mail. The inbox was full of junk but there was one from C and B scene. I opened it and followed the series of instructions to log in to the web site.
It was an impressive home page boasting 510 clubs worldwide and over 100,000 registered member.
I clicked on locations. The list was broken down by countries. I selected UK and was amazed to find more than 80 clubs in mainland Britain with ten in greater London alone
I was just about to start exploring the site further when my mobile rang. It was an unidentified number. I answered anyway.
"Hello," I said a bit weakly.
"Is that you, Nick?"
"Who's this," I asked?
"It's Mel from the club. I see you've signed in.
"Hi MeI," I replied. "How did you know?"
"I'm a moderator for the site, I know everything." She said with a laugh.
"How can I help?"
"Are you still logged in?"
"I am."
"Click on members submissions in the bottom left corner and select Ibiza."
I did as she requested. Top of the list was a video titled New blood.
"I taped your performance and entered it on our section. I hope you don't mind?"
"Let me take a look," I replied.
The clarity was far better than I had managed to capture.
"That's incredible," I said.
"Are you happy for it to remain on the site? It's already had over 500 hits.
"I am. Mimi will be thrilled."
"Can I take you and Mimi for a meal on Thursday? Say about seven. I can give you the grand tour of the club after. I've also got a favour to ask."
"OK," I said." Text me the name of the restaurant and we'll be there." I added Mel's number to my contacts.
I went out to the balcony. Mimi, still talking to Troy and Dean, had raised a leg over the arm of her chair giving them a great view of her gaping vagina. They were mesmerised.
"We've got a dinner date with Mel on Thursday," I told Mimi. "She wants to show us round the club properly."
"That could be interesting," Mimi replied
"Who wants another drink," I asked?
"Some more red please," Mimi requested.
"What about you boys?" I asked. I could tell they hadn't enjoyed the wine.
"How about a Spanish Brandy?" I suggested taking their empty glasses from them
They both admitted that they had never really drunk much alcohol.
"Now's the time to try some. You're here to celebrate your 18th birthdays"
I poured Mimi's wine and three decent measures of Brandy.
I handed the boys their drinks and told them to take their time as they would enjoy it more.
I gave Mimi her wine and taking the mattress said I had a bit more business to tend to.
I went back to lounge put the mattress away and plugged in Enrique's memory stick. Once again the quality was far better than I had managed and it was obvious that there must have been cameras covering all areas of the shop. I started watching the video. It was 30 minutes long so I skipped through parts of it but made a point of watching the big finale. I felt horny as hell. At the end of the video was a message; 'with thanks, Enrique' and a mobile number. I entered that in my contacts as well. I deleted my recording from the sex shop and downloaded Enrique's version.
I plugged in the camcorder and downloaded the footage of Mimi's balcony morning show for Jim and from the shopping trip to the laptop.
I turned to the console. There was no point in editing the show in the club as the video on the website was far better so I deleted it all. I realised I had a lot to learn to perfect my recording skills.
I took the cameras and set them out round the bedroom. Checking on the console I made a few adjustments. I noticed a wide angle button on the console and pressed it. The improvement in the coverage of the bedroom was incredible. I switched everything off.
Refilling my brandy I joined Mimi on the Balcony. Dean and Troy were still enthralled and judging by Mimi's glistening wetness she was enjoying herself too.
"If you want tonight to be a success, we need to do some tests," I said to Mimi.
"What do you want me to do," she asked.
"How about christening that new vibrator," I suggested, whispering. She nodded.
"Is everything ready," she asked. I nodded.
"Show time," Mini said and waved to the boys.
I went into the lounge and switched on all three cameras.
Mimi, having retrieved the vibrator, lay on the bed ensuring Troy and Dean had a clear view. She started massaging her breasts and rubbing her clit. She switched on the vibrator and inserted it slowly into her pussy. She started to fuck herself with her toy.
I clicked through the cameras and each one seemed perfectly place. It was time to join Mimi.
I went through to the bedroom. Troy and Dean were still watching intently.
I took the vibrator away from Mimi and buried my face in her vagina. She was already soaked. I tongued her clit and finger fucked her and in no time she was bucking on the bed squirting her juices on my face.
As Mimi calmed down she asked if the twins were still watching. I glanced in their direction and confirmed they were. She pushed me on to my back and started stroking my already hard cock. She kissed and licked my cock before deep throating me.
Facing the balcony Mimi straddled me and lowered herself onto cock. What started as a slow grind soon turned into a furious fuck. I shot my load just as Mimi climaxed, one of the few times we had simultaneous orgasms. She lay back on me. My cock flopped out of her as it shrank. My cum ran out of her and dripped into my pubes. We lay like that for a short while as we caught our breath.
"That was awesome," Mimi said, rolling off of me.
She walked to the dividing wall of the twins' balcony, leaned over and gave them both a kiss.
"We have to go now," She said to them, "but we're always around. Watch this space."
We took our drinks through to the lounge. I switched off the cameras.
"You realise you've just ruined their holiday Mimi,"
"I think they loved it."
"I'm sure they did but they will be expecting the whole island to be like it now."
"Maybe but they have an open ticket to the best show in town."
"Talking of which you need to sign in to the club site."
The laptop had shut down so I booted it up again.
Mimi signed into her e mail and found the mail from the club. She followed the signing in details and was soon on the home page.
"Those figures for clubs and members are impressive," she said.
I directed her to the members' submissions.
"Select Ibiza then New Blood," I said. It was up to 3,000 hits.
The video started. Mimi watched.
"Is that really me," she asked laughing?
"It sure is."
We watched it though.
"He did have a massive cock," Mimi commented.
We both burst out laughing again.
I told her Mel said it could be removed but Mimi said the idea of thousands of people watching us in action was exciting.
I told Mimi about the video Enrique had sent me. We watched it cuddled together on the couch.
"I wish we had gone a bit further than that," Mimi said.
"Are you sure," I asked?
"That was hot," she said, "but, as we've agreed, it could have been even better."
"I've got Enrique's' number now so I can ring him and arrange something more raunchy if you like."
"Make sure there are plenty of condoms."
We still had an hour or so to kill before we met Jim so I poured us a couple of wines and sat on the balcony. I had followed Mimi's lead in the nudity stakes and have to admit it was liberating.
"I'm going to ring Bianca to see if she fancies a day on the beach tomorrow," Mimi said. "I know you hate it."
She made the call. Bianca agreed to meet Mimi at midday.
"Bianca sounded really pleased that I rang," Mimi said. "Joe said he would pick us up." "Great," I said sarcastically. "We need to get ready to meet Jim."
We showered together discussing what the evening ahead might hold.
"If it happens, will you be ok with it," Mimi asked.
"I think so," I replied," after all, I was very excited at the thought that you would fuck Donkey Dick in the club."
"It won't be as spontaneous as that though," Mimi sighed. "Anyway Jim might not want to."
"I'm sure he will but the situation would have to be similar to your fashion show last time."
"I'll improvise. I'm sure we can come up with something," She giggled. "Let's get dressed."
Before we left Mimi took one of the beach mats out to the balcony, folded it in half and placed it on the floor between the seats.
I stuck with my old faithful of tailored Shorts and a linen shirt. Mimi chose another of her new dresses; a mauve cotton wrap around midi dress. The cleavage plunged to her belly button. She sat on the end of the bed allowing the dress to fall off of her legs, it didn't quite reveal her panties but she looked horny as hell.
"Will I do," she asked?
"How do you do it," I asked?
"Do what,"?
"Look even hornier dressed than naked,"?
"I'll take that as a compliment."
"It was meant to be," I smiled. "Shall we go meet Jim?"
We were a little early but Jim was already sat at the bar sipping a large whisky.
We took the two bar stools next to him. I ordered two rum and cokes and another whisky for Jim.
Putting her arm round Joe's waist Mimi said "I hope you're ready for a night of dance and debauchery, Jim. I want to send you home happy."
"I'll try to keep up with you," Jim replied laughing.
We chatted about Jim's Holiday and he said it had done him the power of good making him realise that there was still life after the loss of his wife.
Mimi excused herself and went to the restroom.
"Don't take this the wrong way, Nick," Jim said "but as you know I've seen Mimi naked a few times but she looks even sexier dressed."
"I said exactly the same to her earlier," I replied. "I must be the luckiest man on the planet."
When Mimi came back I said lets drink up and find somewhere to eat.
We took Joe's advice and turned left out of the hotel.
"I've never been this way," Jim said.
"Nor have we," I replied,"but a friend recommended the restaurants and bars at this end of town."
We took the next left and as Joe had told us there was a strip of bars and restaurants. We checked a few menus before settling on a traditional Spanish restaurant.
We took a seat on the outside terrace and checked out the menu.
"I'm a bit old school," Jim said. "I'll go with the steak and chips."
Mimi ordered Sea bream and I went for the squid Romana. I also ordered a carafe of both house red and white wine.
The place was quite full and there was some lively flamenco playing. It made for a great ambiance. By the time we had eaten our quality food and finished the wine the three of us were ready for some music and dancing. Jim tried to pay the bill but I insisted and settled up.
We walked along the street until we came to a lively bar playing old 60s and 70's music.
"This is my era," Jim said. "What do want to drink?"
"Shall we share some Sangria," I suggested. Mimi and I had been brought up on the music from that era so we were more than happy.
Jim headed to the bar while we found a table on the edge of the dance floor. Mimi got plenty of admiring looks as we took our seats.
Jim joined us, carrying a large jug of Sangria and three punch glasses. He poured the drinks using the spoon to hold back the fruit.
"Cheers," we said, clinking glasses.
'Just my imagination' by the Temptations started.
"Come on, Jim let's dance," Mimi gave him little choice as she almost dragged him out of his seat. Jim was a little reticent at first but soon got into the mood as Mimi thrust herself against him. Another ballad came on and Mimi kept Jim on the dance floor. Jim was really getting into his stride and was matching Mimi move for move. It was a horny watch.
I went to the bar and bought three tequila shots. Mimi and Jim were just sitting down as I got back to the table. We all fired our shots down.
"I loved that dance, Mimi" Jim said," but I don't know if I can keep up with you."
"Don't worry. I have plenty of prospective dance partners," she replied. "You keep your strength up for later." Jim looked at me for an explanation. I just shrugged my shoulders.
The drinks kept flowing. I danced with Mimi to a Minnie Ripperton number. Mimi knew she was getting a lot of attention from the men in the bar and her eyes were sparkling in anticipation.
Jim and I had a couple of more dances with Mimi as we all got a bit drunk.
Mimi went to the rest room. When she came back I noticed her dress was tied more loosely.
"Put these in your pocket," she said handing me her panties. "I'm going to dance."
There were two guys on the next table who had been ogling Mimi since we arrived. She went over and pulled them onto the dance floor.
She was soon the meat in their sandwich as she danced between them. They were both pushing their hips into her.
The guy behind slipped his hand inside her dress and massaged her breast.
Jim went to get up but I grabbed his shoulder and pushed him back into his seat.
"Doesn't that upset you," he asked?
"No it doesn't," I replied. "You know as well as I do that Mimi likes to show off. A sideline of that is some of the guys she's showing off to will want to cop a feel. Mimi also likes that. As long as it doesn't get out of hand we're easy with it."
Four more guys had joined Mimi on the dance floor forming a tight circle round her. She was getting groped by all of the six guys. I knew Mimi would like to expose herself more and sure enough she reached down and untied her dress. It fell open revealing her nakedness.
A hand immediately started rubbing her clit and two guys were sucking her nipples. Although I was getting turned on I was getting close to putting a stop to it.
I didn't have to as the bar owner came over and broke it up.
Mimi wrapped her dress back round her and rejoined us at the table.
"That was hot," she said. "Just as well the owner intervened or it might have got really messy."
"Shall we head back to the hotel for the last couple" I suggested.
Mimi linked our arms as we strolled along. We passed a bar that sounded lively. It wasn't Karaoke but there was plenty of singing.
"Fancy one in here," Jim asked.
"Yeah, why not," I replied.
We found a table and when the waitress came over I ordered another jug of sangria and three tequila shots. I went to pay but she put a small glass on the table and put the bill in it. "Pay at the end," She said. I gave her a couple of Euros tip.
The place was quite small but very full. The clientele were mainly middle age Brit tourists which surprised me for this part of town. Everybody in the place was joining in with 'My Delilah' being sung by an older man about four tables away.
As the song finished the Bar owner / MC said over the mike "let me explain what's going on to our new arrivals. Tonight is called last table singing night. When the mike reaches your table one of you have to sing a song, preferable a popular song the rest can join in with. It can't be a repeat of a song already sung. If nobody sings everyone at the table has to put at least a Euro in the charity glass. The winning table gets to have their picture posted on our wall of fame. Right its table 5 next"
"This will be fun," Mimi said. "Are you up for this Jim?"
"I like a good sing along and I can carry a few songs," Jim replied.
"We could win this," I said. We toasted with our tequilas shots and tossed them back.
A lady at table 5 took the mike and said "My name is Tina and I'm going to sing 'crazy 'by Patsy Cline."
She gave a good rendition of it and plenty joined in.
A guy at table 6 sang 'Return to sender' and the three of us joined in very loudly. Jim had ordered us each a large whisky.
The MC had read our mood perfectly
"Table 7 next" he announced. "As they've missed the first two rounds I think it only fair they should sing the next three songs to catch up." There was a round of applause and we all agreed to go for it.
Mimi took the offered mike
"My names Mimi and I'm going to sing 'I will always love you'" she announced standing up, "More in the style of Dolly than Whitney."
She closed her eyes and I saw her tapping her hand on her hip as she played the intro in her head. And then she sang. A few people joined in with the opening lines but after that everyone sat silently and listened. Mimi sat on my lap to sing the final chorus. When she finished she buried her head in my shoulder. The MC started clapping and within seconds everybody was on their feet applauding.
"See, you don't need to take your clothes off to be the centre of attention," I whispered in her ear. She went back to her seat handing me the mike.
I looked over to Jim. 'Do you want to go next' I mouthed. He indicated I should.
"Hi I'm Nick. I don't know how to follow that," I said to the audience." You will all know this one; 'Waterloo Sunset' by The Kinks."
Like Mimi I listened to the intro in my head and then launched into the song. It is one of my favourites. There were soon plenty of people joining in and it went down well.
I handed the mike to Jim
"Hello everyone, I'm Jim. I hope you are all having a lovely evening," he said sounding very professional." I'm going to sing a song that has been covered by many but no one improved upon Bobby Darin's original version; Mack the Knife"
Jim moved to the aisle in front of our table, clicking his fingers to the beat. He started singing and in no time plenty were joining in. He played the audience as he sang. When it came to big finally he went down on one knee as he sang the closing line 'Look out, old Macky's back.' He got another standing ovation.
The MC reclaimed the mike."Table seven look like strong contenders," he said moving on to the next table.
"That was amazing, Jim," Mimi said.
"I used to sing on the club circuit back in the day," Jim explained. "That's the first time I've sung in public for about 20 years."
"Does that mean that there is plenty more where that came from," I asked?
"Just a few," Jim laughed.
I ordered another round of shots. We joined in with the singing as the Mike moved round the Bar We were all enjoying ourselves.
We had already decided that Mimi would sing next, when it came round to us again and she belted out 'River Deep, Mountain High'.
The songs kept coming and the drinks kept flowing. Tables were dropping out so our turns were coming round quicker but we never failed to have a song ready. Jim was incredible. He sang some that I didn't know but most of the people in the bar did. I made a mental note to hunt some of them out on YouTube.
It was down to the last two tables. It was us against a table of four late thirtyish women but the bar was still full. Jim and Mimi had carried us through this far as I had just about exhausted my repertoire. Then I remembered the response 'Living next-door to Alice' had received at O'Connor's Bar.
When the MC came to us with the mike I asked if it was ok to sing it. He smiled and nodded. I took the mike.
"I need plenty of audience participation in this one," I announced and started singing. The cheers were deafening. The refrains were raucous and loud. Mimi and Jim were joining in too; Mimi had tears of laughter running down her face. As I finished the song the applause and cheers were the loudest of the night. It was nothing to do with my singing but purely the right choice of song at the right time of the evening.
The MC took the mike and headed to the ladies' table. They stood as one and bowed toward us, conceding defeat.
"Table 7 wins tonight competition," the MC announced. "Thanks for all your donations.. Keep singing and drinking."
I called the waitress over and ordered a round of Rum and cokes and two bottles of prosecco for the ladies we had just beaten.
"What a fabulous evening," Mimi said.
"I haven't enjoyed myself so much in years," Jim added. "Thanks for dragging me along."
"It wouldn't have been the same without you," I laughed. "You were brilliant."
We joined in with a few songs. Two of the women from the runners-up came over and thanked us for the drinks. One of them looked very familiar but it wasn't until they returned to their table that I realised it was the woman who had fucked on her balcony in front us on our first night. She either didn't recognise us or didn't care.
I took the glass of receipts to the bar and settled the bill. We finished our drinks and weaved out of the door. Arm in arm the three of us managed to make it back to the hotel without falling over.
"Shall we have a drink in the bar before we go up," I suggested.
"Just a quick nightcap," Jim replied.
He went to the bar and brought our drinks over.
"I want to thank you both for making this a great holiday for me."
"We've enjoyed your company too "I said
"You helped me overcome some of my inhibitions," Mimi said, "I've enjoyed showing off for you."
"I enjoyed it to, Mimi," Jim went on. "You awakened feelings in me that I thought were long gone. We transcended all that tonight when we became proper friends and had a great night out. The singing took me back to another part of my life that I also thought was gone forever. I will live my life differently when I get home thanks to you two."
Lowering her voice Mimi said "I was going to let you fuck me tonight, Jim."
"And a couple of hours ago I would have," Jim replied, "but we would have all regretted it in the morning. I think I understand how you want to get your thrills but it would not be spontaneous between us tonight as it was last time."
Mimi leaned over and pecked his cheek. Jim put his arm round her and pulled her to him for a proper kiss.
"Shall we go up," I asked? We all nodded and finished our drinks.
Mimi put her arms round our waists as we went to the lifts. We didn't say much until we reached our apartment door.
"This is where it all began," I said
"Have you got your phone with you Jim," Mimi asked?
"I have. Why?"
"You have no pictures of us," Mimi giggled.
Jim got his phone out. Mimi and I posed for a few pictures.
"Let me take some of you two together," I said
Jim handed me his phone and Mimi moved to his side. I think we all knew what was coming.
I took some shots of them with their arms round each other. Mimi untied her dress and let it fall to the floor. I still had her panties in my pocket from earlier. I kept snapping away.
Mimi took Jim's hand and placed it on her breast. After he had massage and tweaked her nipple for a while she moved his hand to her clit. Jim started stroking Mimi's vagina. She pulled his head down so he could suck her nipple. I captured all of this on Jim's phone.
"The offers still open," Mimi whispered.
"Tempting as that is I need to sleep," Jim replied pulling her to him. They shared a passionate embrace and kissed deeply.
"I'll never forget you," he said.
I handed his camera back and we had a big man hug.
We said goodnight and good bye and went in to our apartments.
"Shall we have a balcony Brandy," Mimi asked as she hung up her dress.
"Good Idea," I replied going to the kitchen area to pour the drinks. I stripped my clothes off and took the drinks to the balcony.
"I told you Jim wouldn't want to fuck me," Mimi said as I sat next to her.
"I'm sure he would if the circumstances had been different," I placated her. "I want to have you right now."
"Do you want to have me right here on the balcony?"
"If that's what you want."
"Turn the balcony light on then. We may as well share."
I did as I was told and moved behind Mimi's chair. I reached down and fondled her breasts. There were still plenty of lights in the block opposite and plenty of signs of activity on the balconies that overlooked ours.
"Move the table so I can spread the beach mat out," Mimi asked.
"Have some brandy," I said handing her glass. I moved the table so it was almost in front of the lounge window. I took a large gulp of my brandy.
Mimi had already used her feet to spread the mat. I lifted her and her chair and angled it so I could kneel on the mat in front of her.
I took Mimi's glass from her and trickled some brandy on to her breasts licking it off and sucking her nipples. I moved down her body trickling the brandy and licking and kissing her until I reached her vagina. I poured the last of the brandy onto Mimi's clit and buried my face between her legs.
Mimi shuddered as her orgasm hit. The mixture of the brandy and her love juices was intoxicating.
I stood up and Mimi pulled me to her side.
"Your cock seems bigger," she said taking it in her hand.
"It must be all the extra exercise it's getting," I replied.
She stroked it as it grew fully erect. She kissed and licked along the length of my shaft before taking it in her mouth.
I put my hand on the back of her head and slowly face fucked her. I could hear clicking of cameras and saw the flashes. Beside the cameras I guess someone was probably videoing us; I knew I would be if the roles were reversed.
Mimi stood and asked me to lie on the beach mat. As soon as I had got comfortable she lowered her vagina to my face and, leaning forward, took my cock in her mouth.
I licked and sucked Mimi's clit and pushed my tongue into her pussy as she blew my cock.
After a few minutes Mimi stood up and positioned herself so she could squat on my shaft. She was still facing her real or imaginary audience.
Mimi rode up and down and I did my best to move with her but it was difficult in the position I was in.
She raised herself off of my cock and taking me in hand she guided it to her anus. She eased herself on to my cock. She planted her feet either of me and laid back on me. Her vagina was exposed to anyone watching.
I placed my hands on her hips but could only manage short gentle thrusts. Mimi started finger fucking herself; slowly at first but building up speed. I could feel the thrusts of her fingers on my cock. I stopped moving letting Mimi enjoy the moment. She certainly did that as she climaxed squirting an incredible amount of juice onto the balcony floor.
Mimi lay on me for a while as she calmed down. She stood up and leaned on the balcony railing. I moved behind her and slowly worked my cock into her vagina. I reached round and groped her boobs. I was pumping slowly and Mimi was responding by thrusting back at me. I saw Troy and Dean watching us although I don't think Mimi had noticed.
Mimi changed her hand position and lifted her left foot and placed it on the balcony railing. The new position allowed me to thrust much deeper. I quickened the pace. I leant forward and kissed Mimi's neck.
"I want you to come in my mouth," She whispered. "I want to taste your cum."
"It won't be long now," I replied.
I sped up even more. Mimi was getting close again but I couldn't keep going any longer. I pulled my cock out and that was Mimi's cue to kneel in front of me with her mouth wide open. I rested the tip of my cock on her lower lip as I finished myself off. I shot my load into Mimi's mouth. Like the pro she was becoming, she didn't spill a drop before swallowing and sucking any remaining jizz from my cock as she licked me clean.
I lifted Mimi to her feet, gave her a big hug and long wet kiss before leading her into the bedroom. Mimi gave her customary wave as we left the balcony. We didn't bother showering and just collapsed on the bed. We were both asleep within seconds.
Day 6 Wednesday 7th July
I was up early again. I took a much needed shower slipped on a bathrobe and grabbed a fruit juice from the fridge. I went out onto the balcony and was pleased to see Jim having a cup of tea.
"Good Morning, Jim," I greeted. He stood and we shook hands.
"That was a great night last night," he said.
"It certainly was," I replied.
"I hope Mimi wasn't upset with me refusing her offer. I will probably regret it looking back" he went on. "I doubt I will never get the chance again with such a beautiful woman."
"You never know Jim," I replied. "You just need to put yourself in a position where it could happen again."
"Mimi is a one-off, Nick. You're a really lucky man. Don't lose her as you won't find another like her."
"I know, Jim. I love her deeply which is why I want her to explore herself and be happy in her skin."
"I'm sure she's that," Jim said wistfully."I have to finish packing."
"Hang on a minute," I said and went into the lounge to get a business card.
"All of my contact details are on that," I said handing him the card. "If you're ever in London or just want a chat get in touch."
"Thanks Nick. I will."
Our talking had woken Mimi up. She came out onto the balcony straight from the bed but even with bleary eyes and tousled hair she still looked gorgeous naked.
"I hope you weren't sneaking off without saying goodbye to me," she said coyly.
"As if I would," Jim laughed.
They hugged as best they could over the wall and Mimi planted a big wet kiss on his cheek.
"I'm sorry," Mimi said. "I must smell like a polecat."
"Not at all," Jim said. "It's that lovely musky scent of Amour."
"You old smoothy," Mimi laughed. "You make sure you keep in touch."
"I will," Jim promised, "but I have to get packed now."
"Au revoir," I said as he went into his apartment. I can't be certain but I'm sure I saw a tear rolling down his cheek.
While Mimi showered I packed the bags for our day at the beach and rolled up the beach mats. When she came out of the shower I made some tea and we sat on the Balcony. Mimi surprisingly had her robe on but, as usual, she hadn't tied it.
"You not playing with your gadgets today" She asked?
"We'll have plenty of time to sort through it when we get home," I replied.
There was a knock on the door. It was the maid. She had our dry cleaning and laundry. She
Asked if she could come back later in very broken English but I ushered her in.
I indicated that we needed clean sheets and bathrobes. She smiled and nodded.
While she cleaned the apartment Mimi and I put the clean clothes away. The maid finished and I gave her 10 Euros as a thank you.
"Show me how to work your perv machine," Mimi laughed.
We went through to the lounge. I switched on the console. Mimi sat on my lap as I ran through the controls with her.
"Are the cameras still set up in the Bedroom," Mimi asked?
"They are," I replied, "but I haven't checked out our test run from yesterday to see if they need repositioning."
"No time like the present," Mimi smiled
I selected camera 1 and pressed play. This was the camera mounted on the lounge wall that looked directly on to the bed. It wasn't in the best position for the show that Mimi was putting on but did capture the whole of the bed.
I switched to camera 2. This one was directed across the bed toward the Balcony doors. Again it wasn't best placed for this particular show but it did cover most of the bed and the view through the balcony doors.
"I see the latest members of your fan club had a good view," I said. Dean and Troy were caught on camera watching avidly.
Camera 3 was the one mounted above the balcony door. This was perfectly place to capture the show in glorious detail. This was the view our admirers would have had. We watched it through to the end.
"Short but very intense," Mimi commented. "Good work with the cameras. You'll be winning a porn Oscar before you know it," She added with a laugh.
"What time is Joe picking us up," I asked Mimi?
"I just said you'd phone Joe when we're ready to go."
I checked my watch. It was 11:30. I phoned Joe and asked if 12 o'clock was okay. He said fine and that he would pick us up outside the hotel.
Mimi put on the postage stamp bikini and the near transparent sundress she had bought earlier in the holiday. I think she would have been arrested for indecent exposure if she wore that outfit at home but she looked Horny as hell.
I threw some more stuff in my back pack, including the now obligatory camcorder, and picked up the beach bag. Mimi carried the beach mats as we made our way down to the hotel entrance.
Joe and Bianca were waiting for us leaning on the Jag. Mimi handed me the beach mats so she could give Bianca a big hug. Bianca held Mimi at arm's length and looked her up and down.
"Wow," Bianca exclaimed. "You look fabulous Mimi."
"Wow right back at you," Mimi responded. "You're looking quite hot yourself."
Mimi was right. Bianca was wearing a sarong tied above her bust and a thong bikini bottom. By accident or design her sarong was tied in such a way that her left nipple peeped through the gap just below the knot.
Joe helped me put our bags in the boot. I asked where we were heading. Joe suggested Playa D'en Bossa.
"I know a nice beach bar where we can get some lunch, "he said. "We can spend the afternoon on the terrace while the girls cook themselves on the beach."
"Sounds good to me," I replied.
Mimi and Bianca had already got in to the back seat.
"Looks like I'm up front with you," I said with a chuckle.
"I doubt we'll separate them all day," Joe replied, getting behind the wheel.
Twenty minutes later we were pulling into a parking bay marked private by the rear entrance to El Diablo's beach bar and grill.
"Let me guess," I said to Joe. "You know the owner." I joked.
"I do but I rang her this morning to check if I could park here."
We got our bags out of the boot and entered the bar. The inside tables were all but empty but the terrace was nearly full.
A woman came over and gave Joe and Bianca welcoming hugs.
"Hi Poppy, these are my friends Mimi and Nick," Joe introduced us. I went to shake hands but Poppy pulled me into a hug and did the same to Mimi.
"Any friends of Joe are friends of mine," Poppy smiled. "I've reserved you the best table on the terrace." She led us to a table overlooking the promenade and the beach.
"This is one of the best people watching places on the Island," Poppy said proudly. "I'll get one of the girls to take your order."
The lunch menu had everything from the healthiest to the real artery hardeners. The girls ordered fresh fruit, bread and olives and orange juice. Joe went for a bacon butty and coffee while I went all touristy with a full English breakfast and a pint of lager.
The girls teased us about not watching our figures.
"There's plenty watching your figures," I smirked putting on my best dirty old man voice.
We all laughed
"I'm not looking forward to going home," Mimi said.
"We've still got another week to go yet. There's still plenty of time to enjoy ourselves."
"The Island isn't the paradise that most visitors think it is," Joe interjected. Bianca nodded in agreement.
"The tourist industry is a dog eat dog world," he went on, "especially in the club, bar and restaurant sectors. "
"That's so true," Bianca agreed.
"So why do you stay," Mimi asked?
They both shrugged but before either could answer the food arrived.
Joe cleverly guided the conversation on to lighter matters and we were soon making Smalltalk as we enjoyed our meals.
The waitress came over to clear the table and I ordered another lager. The girls asked for bottles of water they could take to the beach. Joe said he was ok.
Poppy came over to ask if we were going to the beach. Joe explained that the girls were but not him and me.
"You be careful, now girls," Poppy said. "It's just approaching the hottest part of the day. Two hours max and plenty of water and watch out for the two legged sharks"
"Yes mum," Bianca replied sarcastically. Poppy gave her a playful slap on her arm.
"Let's get some sun," Mimi said.
I went to pick up the bags but Joe stopped me.
"Enjoy your beer," he said. "I'll get them settled."
Mimi and Bianca were too busy in conversation to help Joe with the bags and he lumbered along behind them like a badly trained busboy.
Poppy sat at the table.
"How do you know Joe," she asked?
"I only met him last week and hired him as our driver for the two weeks we are here. We've got on really well and I really like and trust him," I replied
"You're a good judge of character then," Poppy went on. "Joe is the most honest, genuine man I've ever met."
"It sounds like you fancy him," I said smiling.
"Oh, believe me I do," she replied "but Joe and Bianca love each other and are a match made in heaven but neither of them will admit it."
"Mimi sussed that the first time the four of us met. It must be female intuition," I said just as Joe got back from the beach.
"Are we okay to keep this table or would you like us to move to a smaller one?" Joe asked Poppy
"You can stay all day on two conditions," she smiled. "Take your tops off to provide some eye candy for the passing ladies and let them share your table when they are attracted in" she winked.
Joe and I looked at each other, took off our T shirts and gave Poppy the thumbs up.
"I'm really pleased to see Mimi and Bianca getting on so well," Joe said. "Bianca needs a friend if only for a week or so."
"I feel the same. Mimi doesn't have many friends outside of the family circle. Nor do I for that matter. But she and Bianca have really hit it off."
"I haven't seen Bianca this happy for a long time,"
"So what's the story between you and Bianca?"
He explained that Bianca had came to the Island as a holiday rep four years ago and had answered his add for a room to rent. When her season finished she asked Joe if she could stay on saying she would find work to pay her rent.
"By then I was glad of her company," Joe said, "So I told her she could stay as long as she wanted."
"You really love her, don't you?"
"I do."
"So why don't you tell her?"
"I think it would scare her off. She's a bit of a free spirit."
"I'm sure it wouldn't"
The conversation was ended as five middle aged women asked if they could share our table. We nodded. Joe said something about Poppy's promotion skills being correct and flexed his Pecs.
Joe went into his chirpy cabbie mode and had them eating out of the palm of his hand in no time.
I went to see if the girls wanted anything. Mimi and Bianca were both topless now and they looked gorgeous.
"Do you ladies need another drink," I asked. They both declined
"Shall I rub some oil on you," I offered.
"Perv," Mimi laughed
"That's the fourth offer we've had since we got here," Bianca added smiling.
"I'm not surprised. You both look incredibly horny. I'll go and see how Joe's getting on. I left him fending off a group of sex starved old ladies."
"He's used to that," Bianca said."He'll cope."
"I'll see you later then," giving them a wave and heading back to the bar.
When I got back Joe was sat on his own.
"I ordered you another beer," he said as I sat down.
"Cheers," I replied. "Where are your admirers?"
"I told them there were male strippers performing in a bar in Figueretas."
"And are there?"
"Yeh, but it's a gay bar. I'm sure they'll have fun though." We both laughed.
"You ever thought about coming back to England," I asked Joe.
"There are times when I wonder how things are going to turn out if I stay here," He replied. "I've still got family at home and though we're still in touch I very rarely see any of them. There are times in the off season here that I realise I could be earning ten times as much as a London cabbie back home."
"So why don't you."
"It's not as easy as that. I would have to stay with family until I got a licence and plate and I'm pretty settled here. And I've got Bianca to think about."
"Take her with you."
"I'm not sure she'd fancy it. She likes the lifestyle here. She works part time as a tour guide and does some bar work occasionally. She's also got family in Liverpool but she doesn't keep in touch. She took the holiday rep job to escape."
"She can't be doing that forever," I replied.
"As I said before," Joe went on, "she's a bit of a free spirit. She's still only 22 so has a good few years before she needs to settle down."
"I'll go and see if the girls need anything," Joe said heading for the beach.
I ordered another lager, my fourth I realised. I'm not a big lager fan but it was going down well sitting in the Mediterranean sunshine.
Joe came back loaded down with bags and the girls in tow.
"That is a hot one today," Bianca said. "I'm quite used to it now but today is a scorcher."
Poppy was placing cocktail menus on the tables. When she got to our table she said with a wink "Two for one until six o'clock,".
"You were right, Poppy," Mimi said to her, "Two hours was more than enough and there were plenty of sharks. I enjoyed teasing them."
"Listen to Mama and you'll never go wrong," Poppy said laughing.
"Do you still do that wonderful mixed meat Paella," Joe asked her
"I do," Poppy replied, "but I don't have one on the go so it would take an hour to an hour and a half from scratch if you want it."
Joe asked us if we fancied it and we all agreed.
"Just think how many cocktails we can have while we're waiting," Bianca giggled.
The girls checked out the cocktail list. There were some pretty crude names among them and the girls settled on Sex on the Beach and A slippery Nipple.
"Can you order the drinks, Nick," Mimi asked. "I need the loo."
"I'll come with you," Bianca said. Before I could answer they were heading to the restrooms.
I caught the attention of one of the waitresses and ordered the girls' drinks. Joe surprised me by ordering a drink of off the mocktail list. He noticed my surprise.
"I still crave a drink every now and then when I'm enjoying myself." He said "but I make myself stick to the alcohol free ones. To be honest there won't be much alcohol in the cocktails during happy hour. The girls should still be standing when the food arrives!"
The waitress brought the drinks over just as the girls got back to the table. The drinks had the full regalia; Umbrella, swizzle stick, orange segment on the rim of the glass.
The girls took one of each and sampled both.
"The slippery Nipple is nice," Mimi said.
"I prefer the sex on the beach," Bianca replied.
"You have a taste, Nick," Mimi said, "See what you think?"
I had a sip of each, giving it the full wine tasting rigmarole without the spitting out.
"In my professional opinion," I said, "they both taste the bloody same to me."
We all burst out laughing.
"Is this beach always this popular," Mimi asked?
"It is in high season," Joe replied, "It's the longest beach on the Island and the resort has a high density of hotels and apartments"
"There are plenty of quieter beaches," Bianca went on "including some that the tourists haven't discovered yet. There are even nudist beaches."
"Tell me more," Mimi chirped up.
Joe took up the story.
"There are about half a dozen 'clothing optional' beaches but only one designated naturist beach where full nudity is expected."
"I guess it gets full of leering old perverts," Mimi said.
"Not really, "Bianca joined in. "I've been a couple of times and as long as you make it clear that you're only there for the sun you'll get left alone. You will always get a few gawpers but we got that here today. I do believe it's a bit anything goes if you want it to be."
The cocktails kept flowing and Joe told us a few funny stories about some of his taxi fares. Bianca weighed in with a few about her times as a holiday rep and tourist guide. It made me realise that Mimi and I, for all our pampered upbringing, had no experience of life in the real world. We were putting that right on a day to day basis on this holiday and I was determined that that would continue when we got home.
The girls were working their way through the cocktail menu and getting a bit giggly. Joe was obviously right about the strength of their drinks or the pair of them would be off their heads by now.
The Paella arrived and it was worth the wait. Despite my full English breakfast and a belly full of lager I couldn't stop eating it. Joe was giving it a good go too but neither of us could keep up with the girls who were eating like it was their last meal.
There was still plenty left when we had all had our fill.
Poppy came over and asked if we had finished. We all nodded.
"Do you mind if I give the rest out to my other customers," She asked. Again we all nodded.
Poppy took the paella to the kitchen. Two of the waitresses came out with trays laden with small paper bowls of the paella and plastic forks. They offered it round the tables and there weren't too many who didn't take up the offer.
"She's a canny lady is our Poppy," Joe said. "Most of these will stay for an extra drink or two now and some will come back every day of their holiday in the hope of getting the same again."
"What do you fancy doing tonight?" I asked. "We may as well make a day of it."
"Somewhere with music and dancing," Mimi suggested.
"There's plenty of places for that," Joe said.
We listened as Bianca and Joe ran through a few places until Bianca had a light bulb moment.
"We should go to the Polish bar," she said. "It would be a scream."
"The Polish bar?" Mimi asked.
"That's not its real name," Joe explained," It's just what the ex-pats call it."
"So what goes on there?" I asked.
"Its pole dancing karaoke," Bianca explained. "You put your name down for a song and when it's your turn you do a pole dance."
"It sounds a bit tawdry," Joe went on,"but it's all done quite tastefully. It's definitely not a spit and sawdust gaff for old lechers."
"Do they allow nudity?," Mimi asked.
"They do," Bianca replied. "I've been there a few times and it does happen but to be honest a skimpy outfit is far more sensuous. They can be very erotic evenings."
"It sounds like it could be fun. Shall we give it a go? "Mimi asked.
It was agreed that we would.
"You guys can go as you are," Bianca said, "But Mimi and I will have to get changed."
"Bianca, why don't you come back to our hotel," Mimi suggested. "I'm sure there would be something suitable for you in my wardrobe."
"That sounds great," Bianca replied.
We finished our drinks and I settled the bill and loaded the bags in the car. Poppy wished us a fond farewell and told us to make sure we returned before we left. As we drove back Joe asked me if I played chess. I told him I did but hadn't played for a while.
"We can have a couple of games in Rosa's while the girls are getting ready," he said.
"The coffee will do me good if nothing else," I laughed
I used my room card to get access to the hotel parking lot. The time flashed up as 5:15. I got our bags out of the boot.
"I'll take these up," I said.
"Me and Bianca can manage them between us," Mimi said, "Give me the door card."
I gave her the card and gave her a kiss on the forehead.
"You take your time girls," Joe said. "I'm taking Nick to Rosa's for a chess lesson." Mimi was about to say something but I shook my head and put a finger to my lips.
Just drop me a text when you're ready and we'll come and get you." Joe went on. "Don't drink too much wine; you've got to dance later."
Joe and I headed to Rosa's. There was a table on the terrace with an inlaid chess board. Joe went into the cafe and returned with the chess pieces. The waitress came and took our order. I went for a double espresso. Joe surprised me again ordering a bottle of alcohol-free white wine.
"I've really enjoyed myself this past week," Joe said. "It's nice having a guaranteed income without having to sit around in Taxi ranks and ferrying drunks around the island."
We took the chess pieces out of the box. Joe took a pawn of each colour, hid one in each hand and asked me to choose a colour. I got black.
We set the pieces out. I deliberately put my king and queen on the wrong squares. Joe pointed out my error. I just looked goofy and apologised.
Joe started the game and I quickly got absorbed in it. Joe played a more aggressive game than me but I countered his moves and slowly moved into the ascendancy. Joe was a wily player and we eventually agreed on a stalemate. The game had lasted nearly an hour.
"I thought you said you hadn't played much," Joe said.
"I didn't say that," I smiled, "I said I haven't played for a while."
"So what standard did you play at?"
"I was Southern Counties schools champion four years running and won the English under 18 title when I was seventeen," I replied.
"You fooled me good and proper," Joe laughed. "The switch with your King and Queen at the start was a great con. I thought I was playing a novice. What made you give it up?"
"I got married and found there were a lot more enjoyable pastimes I had to learn," I said winking.
Joe was halfway down his bottle of wine so I ordered another and asked for a second glass. For alcohol free win it was a nice drink.
We set the board for another game. I played white this time. Joe played a far more defensive game this time so I went on the attack. When I captured his queen I thought the game was mine for the taking but I'd fallen for the classic queen sacrifice and Joe had won the game within five more moves. He gave a fist pump and we both laughed.
The third game was much like the first. I'd learned my lesson and didn't get dragged into any traps. We finished the third bottle of wine and decided on a draw.
I checked my watch. It was nearly 7.30.
"The girls can't be much longer," I said. "Shall we wait for them in the hotel bar?"
Joe nodded. I took the chess pieces into the bar and settled the bill.
The hotel bar was quite busy. Joe and I sat at the far end of the bar out of the way.
"So what do you think of the Island," Joe asked.
"We've had a ball so far," I replied. "It was a spur of the moment decision to come away on our own and escape the clutches of our parents. The travel agent suggested that Ibiza had a good clubbing scene. We didn't really know what that meant but we booked it and here we are."
"Ibiza is famous for its trendy music clubs," Joe said. "I'm surprised you didn't know that."
"For all the wealth we have had a pretty sheltered life. We are learning quickly now."
"I haven't suggested any of those clubs to you," Joe said. "I really don't think you would enjoy it."
"I trust your judgement and you haven't let us down yet."
We talked about some of the places we had been and I told Joe that we were having dinner with Mel tomorrow night.
"She's one of the good guys" Joe commented, "Did you join the club."
I told him we had. I think he wanted to ask more but his phone chirped. It was Bianca. Joe replied to her text letting the girls know where we were.
"We best find a table," I suggested.
The girls made a grand entrance. It was unintentional but it was mainly guys in the bar and to say Mimi and Bianca grabbed their attention would be an understatement.
Bianca wore one of Mimi's wrap around dresses. Being slightly bigger busted than Mimi the dress showed a deep cleavage and with each step revealed her legs up to the top of her thigh. Mimi was wearing one of my white vest tops as a mini dress. It came to mid thigh but the arm holes hung almost to her waist. Surprisingly she was wearing a bikini top under the vest.
They joined us and I asked what they wanted to drink. Both said white wine. Joe asked for tonic water.
I went to the bar and charged the drinks to the room. The barman warned me I was getting close to my tab limit. I was a bit surprised but shrugged it off.
I took the drinks back to the table. It was obvious Bianca and Mimi had already had a few and both had that excited sparkle in their eyes.
We talked about what to expect at the Polish Club later. Bianca was really up for it.
"I haven't been for a while but I've always enjoyed it," she said. "After my first visit I was offered a job in one of the proper pole dancing clubs. I turned it down because the only way you could make any money was to shag the punters."
We all laughed.
"It is a place for exhibitionists," Joe said.
"It sounds like my sort of joint," Mimi said putting on her best Mae West accent.
We finished our drinks and headed for the car park.
It was only about 15 minutes from the hotel. The club was actually called Ver Chicas. It didn't mean a thing to me until Joe explained that Ver Chicas was Spanish for see girls.
I noticed there was a 20 Euro charge for men but entry was free for ladies. Needless to say Joe knew the doorman. We were handed a couple of song books, a few dance request slips and a laminated sheet of rules and ushered through to the VIP area right by the dancing dais.
The waitress came to take our order. I asked if I could set up a tab for the evening and she said that was fine. I ordered another bottle of white wine for the girls and I while Joe ordered a mocktail.
I read through the rules; No touching the dancers, no recording or photos if the podium lights are red. It all seemed pretty straight forward.
The drinks arrived and I settled down to watch the dancers. There was a lady in her 30's dancing to a Bob Dylan song. She was doing a good job but the red lights were on so I couldn't take any pictures.
"Shall I go first?" Bianca asked Mimi.
"Yes please," Mimi replied. "I've done pole training in the gym but never pole danced."
Bianca chose 'walk on the wild side' and ticked the green box. She held the card in the air and a member of staff took it from her and took it to the MC Booth.
A young girl, probably Mimi's age, was dancing now. The green lights were on so I took a couple of shots. She gave me a smile.
"She's very good," Mimi commented.
"She'll be working in one of the professional clubs by the end of the week if she wants to," Bianca said. "The clubs are always looking for fresh faces and they'll have people here on the lookout."
The girl got a warm round of applause when she finished her dance.
A couple more dancers performed before Bianca's name was called. She stood and took her dress off to reveal Mimi's mankini. I don't know whose jaw dropped the furthest, Joe's or mine.
Bianca looked stunning as she took her place on the dais. The green lights were on. I checked with Joe if it was ok for me to film her dance. He gave me the thumbs-up so I set the camcorder up on the table.
Her song started and Bianca was in the zone immediately. She entwined herself round the pole in so many different ways as she moved in time to the music. Bianca had said earlier in the day that the evening could be quite erotic and she was doing her best to prove her point. I couldn't help thinking that she must be wonderful in bed. The Mankini stayed in place for most of the dance except on a few occasions when Bianca 'accidentally' flashed her boobs.
When she finished the applause was much louder with a few cries of encore. Bianca came back to the table and sat on Joe's lap
"Was that okay, lover?" She asked Joe. For the first time since we met, Joe was lost for words.
"That was just for you," Bianca said before giving Joe a long wet kiss. She sat back in her chair without putting her dress back on.
Mimi was filling in a dance slip.
"What are you dancing to," Bianca asked
"'Move closer' ", Mimi replied. "It's one of my favourites and I had a bit of practice dancing to it in O'Conner's the other night," She said with a smile. Turning to me she said "I was going to dance in a bikini but that seems a bit tame," She reached under her vest and removed the Bikini top and then reached under the hem to slip off the bottoms. She looked really hot.
Bianca put in another slip to dance to 'holding back the years'. There was a definite 80' feel to the choices of music but it was the decade that three of us were born in.
A few more dancers performed and I have to say the standard was very good. Then it was Mimi's turn. She seemed a bit nervous
"You looked incredibly horny," I whispered in her ear, "Your audience waits." I set up the camcorder.
She got up on the dais and caressed the pole as if it was her lover. The song started and she started sliding her body up and down the pole. As she got into it she used her gymnastic skills to cavort on the pole. The vest gaped to show her breasts and certain moves exposed her vagina. She loved it. The song was nearing the end when she shimmied four feet up the pole. Gripping the pole with her legs she dropped her body backwards gripping the base of the pole with her hands. The vest fell over her face revealing her stunning naked body. Placing her hands on the floor she lowered her feet. She stood up allowing the vest to fall back over her body just as the song finished.
The applause was loud.
"Wow, Mimi," Bianca said, "Shame we don't have time for you to teach me some of those moves."
Mimi took her seat next to me. She cuddled in to me. "I love you," she whispered in my ear.
"I love you too," I replied.
I asked Mimi if she was dancing again but she said she was feeling tired. I knew that was a fib because her eyes were still sparkling.
We watched a few dancers until it was Bianca's turn again. She turned it up a notch by moving the straps of the mankini so they ran between her breasts. She tried a couple of moves Mimi had used and was looking very hot. She slipped the straps off of her shoulders and let the mankini fall to the floor finishing the dance completely naked. I was getting a hard on, helped by Mimi rubbing me through my shorts.
"That was wonderful," Mimi said. Bianca smiled slipping back into the wraparound dress but not bothering to tie it. She snogged Joe. It was obvious that they wanted to get it on.
"It's been a great night but I think I need to sleep," I lied. "Shall we go?"
"If you're sure," Joe said, "It's only early."
I beckoned the waitress and asked for the bill and if they had a bag we could have. She returned with the card machine, handing me a plastic supermarket bag. I settled up and put the bikini and the mankini in the bag.
"I'll take that," Bianca said, "Joe can return it with the dress tomorrow."
Joe drove us back to the hotel. Bianca sat up front with Joe. She still hadn't tied the dress and although I couldn't be certain I'm sure she was rubbing her clit. It was exactly what I was doing to Mimi in the back seat.
As we got out of the car I told Joe to have a lay in and I would ring him when I knew where we were having dinner.
Bianca wound down her window so she could give Mimi a good night kiss. Mimi took the opportunity to squeeze her breast.
"You're not really tired are you," Mimi asked as we waved goodbye.
"Not at all but Joe and Bianca needed their space,"
"They're really loved up," Mimi said.
"Shame they won't admit it to each other."
"We'll have to do something about it," she said laughing.
"Let's have another drink," I said
We went into the bar. Mimi said she'd have a rum and coke. I told her to find a table while I went to the bar.
I went to put it on my tab but the barman said I had reached my credit limit. I paid cash.
Mimi had found a seat on the end of a table occupied by eight guys of a similar age to ourselves. I took the drinks over and told Mimi about the credit problem.
"That's my fault," she said sheepishly. "I bought a birthday present for Dean and Troy. They don't seem to know what to do so I bought them tickets for an all inclusive Foam party tomorrow. They were made up."
"How much did it cost?"
"300 Euros and I put another 100 in the envelope for spends."
"You're all heart," I said sarcastically. "I'll go and sort it out at reception." knocking my drink back.
I settled the bill at reception and asked for an increased limit for the rest of the holiday. It wasn't a problem.
I went back to the bar and got another couple of rum and cokes with no problems on the tab.
Mimi had moved further along the table and seemed to be in animated conversation with the group of guys.
I took the drinks over.
"This is my husband, Nick," Mimi said introducing me to the group. I shook hands with them all as they told me their names but none of them stuck.
"Did you know there is a basement disco here," Mimi asked me
"I've seen it advertised. I believe it's open until four in the morning."
"We're going down for a boogie" one of the guys said. "Why don't you join us?"
I said we might follow on.
"Can we go for a dance," Mimi asked.
"You know they all want to fuck you."
"You told me once that every man wants to fuck me but you're the only one that has."
How could I argue? We finished our drinks and made our way down to the disco.
When we got in to the disco the DJ was playing some nondescript Spanish Rock. The only people in the place was us and the eight guys we'd spoken to upstairs
Mimi went over to the DJ and asked him to play some English disco songs. He smiled and nodded.
We sat with the guys from upstairs. I knew Mimi wanted to show off.
We got up and danced. It didn't take much to lift the back of her vest to show her bare arse. Her breasts had been on partially displayed for most of the time since we got back to the hotel.
There was a small bar in the disco but it wasn't fully stocked. I did manage to get another two rum and cokes. I don't know if it was the drink or the attention but Mimi was on a high.
One of the guys asked her to dance, she didn't hesitate.
"Do we all fancy getting drunk," I asked? Everybody seemed to be keen.
I went to the bar and asked the barmaid if she could get a bottle of tequila and 10 shot glasses. The barmaid said she'd have to go upstairs for the tequila but otherwise not a problem. I waited at the bar for a while..
When I went back to the table Mimi was sat between two of the guys. One moved so I could sit down.
The guy sat next to her had his hand on her thigh. He moved it when I sat down.
"He doesn't mind," Mimi said moving his hand back to her thigh.
I put my hand on her other thigh and encouraged her to open her legs. She did and I started to gently rub her clit. Our friend moved his hand to Mimi's pussy and inserted a finger. I thought Mimi was going to come on the spot.
We all sat back as the waitress brought the drinks.
I poured us all a shot of Tequila. Everybody lifted their glasses.
"To free love and debauchery," I toasted. Everyone tossed back their shots.
I filled all the glasses again.
"Can we have a dance," Mimi asked, "I want you to show me off."
We got up to a slow Lionel Richie number. We had a close dance grinding our hips. I lifted her hem to show her arse. I turned her round so she was facing where the guys were sat. I pushed my cock against her. I lifted her vest to her neck. I caressed he boobs and stroked her clit. Mimi threw her head back but I told her to hold on as the night was still young.
The barmaid came over to me and said she couldn't allow it to go on.
"How much do you want to make it a private function?" I asked.
"250 Euros,"
"I'll give you 500 if you close it to anyone else. You and the DJ can join in if you want to."
I gave her the money and she scuttled upstairs to pull the shutters down on the entrance.
I went up to the DJ's booth and told him of the arrangement I had made with the barmaid. He was fine about it.
"Can I make an announcement?" I asked. He handed me the mike.
"This is now a private function. The DJ will keep playing songs and the barmaid will serve drinks, but remember they might want to join in."
Mimi was already dancing with two guys who were having a good grope. When the song finished she came over and leaned on the table.
"Listen up guys," she said grabbing everyone's attention. "You can touch, kiss, lick, and cum on any part of me and I will do the same to you but only my husband gets to fuck me. I'll do my best to make sure you all have a memorable night. Understood?" Everyone nodded. "So who wants to dance?"
Two guys led Mimi onto the dance floor. I started recording. The guys were fondling her boobs. One was trying to rub her vagina but the hem of the vest was getting in the way. Mimi said something and raised her arms. Her dance partners lifted the vest off. Mimi was in her favourite state; naked.
The guys were sucking her nipples now. With the vest gone access to Mimi's pussy was easy; Mimi had moved her feet apart to give even easier access. One of the guys took full advantage and was slowly finger fucking her. He got down on his knees and buried his face in her pussy. Mimi placed her left leg on his shoulder. He was licking and sucking her clit. He sped up the finger fucking and Mimi came very quickly and very forcefully soaking the guy with her juices.
When her breathing steadied Mimi knelt between the two guys and asked them to drop their shorts. They both complied. Mimi took them in hand before taking it in turns to suck their cocks.
I placed the camcorder on the table hoping it would capture the action on the dance floor and went to the bar
"That all looks pretty hot," the barmaid said.
"Come and join us," I invited.
"I have to serve drinks," she replied.
"If you serve us ten beers plus what you and the DJ want that will probably do for a good while," I suggested.
"Okay, I'll sort out the drinks."
"What's your name," I asked?
"Jodie," she replied.
"I'm Nick," I said leaning over the bar to give a kiss on the cheek.
I went back to the table and picked up the camcorder. Mimi was still blowing the two guys she danced with before. A third guy had joined them and was on his haunches behind Mimi. He was massaging her breasts. He moved a hand down and started rubbing her clit. He moved his other hand on to her arse eventually pushing it between her legs. I don't know if he was fingering Mimi's pussy or her anus but Mimi was enjoying it.
The guys she was blowing were getting close. The one on her left finished himself off and came on Mimi's chest. She massaged his semen into her breasts as she turned her attention to the guy on her right. Speeding up the blow job she started jerking him with her hand at the same time.
"Cum in my mouth," she said. Taking himself in hand he duly obliged and filled Mimi's mouth with cum. A little had dripped on her chin. She used a finger to push it back in to her mouth. She opened her mouth wide so everyone could see it was full of semen before closing her mouth and swallowing.
Mimi stood up, as did the guy behind her. Reaching for his hand she said "I haven't forgotten you." Leading him back to the table she sat him in an empty chair, found her rum and coke and sat on his lap and took a swig. He took full advantage and groped Mimi's boobs and stroked her pussy.
The waitress came over with a tray of beers. She spread them round the table saying I'll just get the rest of them. She brought more. There was definitely more than ten. She went back to the bar and passed a drink through to the DJ.
She returned to the table with two very large red wines. "Dutch courage," she whispered to me and then out loud "do you mind if I join you?"
Nobody objected. The guys shuffled seats to let her sit among them.
"This is Jodie," I announced, "Make her feel welcome."
I refilled the shot glasses making sure Jodie got at least one. She took my cue and sank two in quick succession followed by half of one of her glasses of wine.
Meanwhile Mimi had stood up and bent at the waste to give guy number three a blow. Guy number four, who was as naked as Mimi, moved behind her and started rubbing his cock between her arse cheeks. He moved his cock as if he was going to enter her from behind. Mimi stood up and pushed him away.
"Remember the rules," Mimi said. "Don't spoil things." He went back to rubbing his cock against her arse as Mimi resumed blowing number three.
Jodie was getting a very warm welcome. Stroked, groped and kissed she seemed to be enjoying herself. Two of the guys asked if she wanted to dance and she allowed them to lead her to the dance floor.
Jodie didn't object as her dance partners slowly undressed her. She was soon dancing in only her underwear. Compared to Mimi she had large breasts, at least 38c. Several of the other guys joined her on the dance floor. Her bra was removed and her pendulous breasts were being groped by all of them.
Mimi was still administering to number three. Number four realising he wasn't going to fuck Mimi jerked off and shot his load on her back. Number three soon followed suit as he shot his load on Mimi's face.
Mimi came and sat on my lap.
"It looks like Jodie has stolen my thunder," she said.
"Only if you let her," I replied. "Get up there and join in."
Mimi didn't hesitate. She did surprise me though as she went up to Jodie and gave her a big hug and kiss. Kneeling in front of her Mimi removed her panties to reveal a quite hairy bush. Mimi buried her face in Jodie's pussy and started licking her clit. The guys all stood back to watch. When it was obvious that Jodie didn't object Mimi led her to an empty table and sat her on the edge before pushing her on her back. Mimi started licking Jodie's pussy again.
The guys joined in now. A couple moved to the other side of the table so that Jodie could suck their cocks which she did with alacrity. A couple of guys got on the table so that Jodie could jerk them off. Two were groping Mimi and fingering her pussy. It was all very hot. The DJ appeared and asked if he could join in. I gave him a shot of tequila and told him to enjoy himself.
He moved behind Mimi and massaged her shoulders. She leaned back into him. He lifted her up and laid her on the table next to Jodie and buried his face in her pussy.
Mimi was getting close again. I had a raging hard on but wanted to wait to see what might yet develop.
One of the guys who had been fingering Mimi was now licking Jodie. She was beginning to tremble. She had set no limits so the guy licking her stood up and pushed his cock into her. She didn't object.
The DJ had stopped going down on Mimi but was giving her a fast finger fuck.
The guy fucking Jodie shot his load and moved away. The DJ moved over and starting fucking Jodie. She was in the zone and wrapped her legs round him pulling him in deeper.
The guy who was now going down on Mimi stood and jerked himself off coming on Mimi's belly.
I decided it was time I fucked my wife.
I moved in between her legs and gently pushed my swollen cock into her. She grabbed my hips and pulled me in. She was still sucking whatever cock was presented to her and several covered her in semen while I fucked her.
The same was happening to Jodie.
I pumped faster and faster. I was just about to come when Mimi pushed me away and squirted another huge orgasm. I shot my load on Mimi's pussy just as one of the guys did the same to Jodie.
Mimi and Jodie rolled together and hugged closely. They were both glistening with sweat and semen and looked gorgeous. I took a couple of pictures as they shared a deep kiss.
We all got dressed and sat round to finish our drinks. Jodie went and opened the shutters. The lads drifted off but not before kissing Mimi and Jodie goodnight and thanking them for an unforgettable evening.
The DJ turned his equipment off, came over and gave the girls a kiss and shook my hand.
"I've worked here for three years," he said, "and that is by far the best night ever."
I asked Jodie how she was getting home. She told us she had a room in the hotel as part of the job.
"When are you working again," Mimi asked?
"If I haven't been sacked, I do the pool bar from 11 to 3 on Friday afternoon"
"I'm sure you won't be," I reassured her. "We'll make a point of seeing you on Friday."
We helped her clean up the bar as best we could.
Mimi gave her a big hug and a kiss goodnight. I did the same and she surreptitiously rubbed my cock.
"See you on Friday," she said as we left.
When we got back to the apartment we took a long slow shower. After drying each other off we fell onto the bed and made deep passionate love. Afterwards we lay in each other's arms until we drifted off to sleep.
Day 7 Thursday 8th July
For the first time during the holiday Mimi was up before me. It was 9:30 when I was awoken by the sound of the whistling kettle. Mimi came through from the lounge carrying two cups of tea.
"Good Morning sleepy head," she said sarcastically taking the drinks onto the balcony.
"Cheeky bitch," I responded, following her out.
"Yesterday was another great day," Mimi said, "although it got a bit wild in the disco."
I agreed.
Mimi looked a bit sheepish. I asked her what the matter was.
"When Bianca and I came back to the room to change yesterday things happened that weren't planned by either of us," she said. "I was going to tell you last night but other things got in the way."
"Go on," I said.
"When we got back to the room Bianca asked if she could have a shower. I said yes. I poured a couple of wines and took them out onto the balcony. Troy and Dean were on their balcony as they always seem to be. We started chatting about what we had been up to.
Bianca came out onto the Balcony with a towel wrapped round her. I introduced her to the twins saying that Bianca could give them some Ideas about the places to go on the Island. I left them talking and took a shower.
When I had dried off I got the glasses to top them up. I took the drinks back to the balcony. As usual I was naked and when Bianca commented on it I joked about our balcony being a clothes free zone. She laughed and said I should have told her sooner as she dropped her towel onto her seat.
We were teasing the twins but they loved it. I got us more wine. We were both a little drunk. I said we should decide what we were going to wear this evening. Bianca agreed finishing her wine in two gulps. I followed suit and took the empty glasses back to the kitchen area. While I was in the lounge I switched the cameras on. I thought you might like to watch us trying on different outfits.
We did try a few on but we settled quite quickly on the outfits you saw last night. Bianca asked if I had any after sun cream. I got it from the bathroom. Bianca said we could give the boys a bit of a show. We both stripped off and started rubbing the cream on each other. It was only meant as a tease for Troy and Dean but it soon developed into more than that."
"What happened," I asked?
"Why don't we watch it on the console," Mimi suggested? "I'll make some more tea."
I took the camcorder through to the lounge, switched on the lap top and set things up to download yesterdays recordings.
Mimi came through with the tea. I moved the sofa in front of the console.
We watched the playback from the camera over the balcony door.
Mimi took the remote off of me and skipped through to the dress changes to where she and Bianca starting applying the after sun cream.
"Please don't get upset," Mimi said. "It really was spontaneous."
I watched as Mimi and Bianca started rubbing the cream on each other. That was horny enough in itself but when they started kissing I started getting hard. Mimi noticed and started slowly stroking my cock.
The girls were getting more intimate; sucking each other's nipples and touching below.
Bianca pushed Mimi back on the bed.
Mimi used the remote to switch to the bed camera just in time to see Bianca going down on her. They moved to a 69 position and were both enjoying giving and receiving heavy cunnilingus. After a few minutes Mimi disappeared off camera but soon returned with the selection of sex toy we had bought from Enrique's.
The girls took turns to use the dildos and vibrators on each other. It wasn't long before Mimi shuddered to a climax. Bianca wasn't far behind her as they both fell back on the bed exhausted.
"Are you upset, "Mimi asked still holding my cock.
"Do I feel like I'm upset, I replied.
Mimi straddled me and lowered herself onto my cock. We had another slow sensuous fuck.
We lay on the couch afterwards.
"Are you sure you're not upset about what happened with Bianca," Mimi asked?
"Did you enjoy it," I asked?
"You could see I did."
"Do you want to do it again?"
"Maybe in similar circumstances."
"Do you love me any less for the experience?"
"Of course not."
"No harm done then. As far as I can see you've cemented your bond with Bianca and I've got another horny video to add to my pervy collection."
Mimi pushed me off of the coach as we both burst out laughing.
"Come on let's go shower," I said getting up and pulling Mimi to her feet.
We helped dry each other. Mimi asked me if I wanted more tea. I checked my watch; 11:30.
"I'll have a white wine." I said and went out onto the balcony. Mimi surprised me by having an orange juice.
"Do you fancy going round the pool today," I asked Mimi.
"Not really," she replied. "Maybe we should have a stroll round the resort and see what it's like in daylight. We might find some photo opportunities."
"That sounds good to me," I agreed. "Let's grab some lunch at Rosa's and take it from there."
"We'll have to put some clothes on, unfortunately," Mimi said laughing.
Men's summer wardrobe is quite boring so it was a pair of tennis shorts and a torso hugging vest. Mimi put on another of my Caribbean shirts knowing it looked like a mini dresses on her. She even pulled on a thong. I loaded my back pack with the usual items and we headed out.
We sat on the terrace at Rosa's as usual. We were on first name terms with the staff by now. I was hungry and ordered a mushroom and Chorizo Risotto and a carafe of white wine. Mimi stuck with the croissants.
We ate our food and drank the wine. Mimi seemed a bit tentative and I drank the majority of the carafe.
"What's up, Mimi," I asked.
"I was a bit out of control in the disco last night," She replied. "I was drunk."
"I don't think you were ever out of control. You bossed the situation from start to end." I reassured her. "Do you think you would have behaved differently if you were sober? It was the exhibitionism that turned you on, not the drink."
"I need to rein it in though," she said.
"When we get home probably but not while were here on holiday. Let's keep enjoying it as we have so far."
"Ok," she replied, "get me a large brandy." She said with a laugh.
I ordered two. My phone beeped with a message. It was Mel. 'Jacaranda at 7 '. 'Ok' I replied.
I told Mimi then rang Joe.
"How's things," Joe asked? "Do you need a lift?"
"Nothing like that," I said. "Do you know the Jacaranda Restaurant?"
"I know where it is," he replied. "It's not far from the club. I've never been. It's out of my price range but I've been told its top notch. "
"Mel's booked a table for 7 O'clock,"
"I'll pick you up at a quarter to. You'll need to dress up a bit. It's a classy joint." He said as he hung up.
I told Mimi what Joe had said.
"We can do classy better than most," she laughed. "Let's go for a walk."
We'd only walked about a 100 yards when I spotted an adult cinema.
"That could be interesting," I said, pointing across the road.
"It might be a bit tawdry," Mimi said. "Let's move on.
We kept on walking. We came up to Arturo's. Jose was on the pavement trying to attract some customers. When he saw us he threw his arms around us like we were long lost friends.
"Come, Come," he said, "I get you drink on the house." He ushered to a table on the terrace and went in to the Bar area. He came back with a small bottle and two small glasses.
"Local brew, Small amounts only" he said pouring a short measure into each glass. He handed me a memory stick. "Memento of your last visit."
I thanked him and put it in my bag.
We both took a sip of the drink.
"Punchy but nice," Mimi said.
"Tastes very strong," I replied. "I don't recognise the flavour.
There were three small measures each in the bottle. We were nearing the end of the third one and I must admit it was having a pleasant effect.
I called Jose over and asked him what the drink was. He told us it called Duroen explaining it was a local drink made from fermented herbs and spices and ground almonds. I told him it was nice.
"Make you plenty horny," he said. We all laughed.
We walked past Abdul's cafe and I took a picture of Mimi posing in the doorway for old time's sake. We wandered further from the main resort into the residential area, taking some photos outside some of the older buildings and traditional shops. I noticed Mimi had undone a few more buttons on her shirt.
We sat on a bench in a small square.
"I'm feeling amazingly horny," Mimi said.
"Me too," I replied. "Maybe Jose wasn't joking about that drink. I could take you up a quiet alley and fuck you against the wall."
"Maybe later," Mimi smiled, "but now I need another drink. I feel parched."
I must admit I felt the same. Maybe it was another side effect of the Duroen. We walked on a little way when I noticed a Heineken sign outside one of the buildings ahead of us.
"We should be able to get a drink here," I said opening the door for Mimi to enter first.
I asked Mimi what she wanted and she asked for a beer. I went to the bar and got two large beers. I took the drinks over to the table. We both drank thirstily. The bar had a seating area just inside the entrance then a long bar with barstools and a single line of tables that led to a larger seating area at the back. Mimi had chosen the last table opposite the bar.
There were three old guys sat at the bar drinking coffee. They had all taken a close look at Mimi as she entered. Just the thought of what might happen was enough to give me a slight hard on.
We finished our beer and I went to the bar to get some more. Using sign language and a spattering of Spanish, I asked the guys at the bar if they wanted a drink. They all smiled and accepted. I guessed they were all around the 70 mark. The barman, who was slightly younger, accepted the offer too.
Mimi spotted a jukebox at the end of the bar.
"Do you think they'll let me put some music on," Mimi asked me?
"Ask the barman," I replied. I gave her a euro coin.
She went to the bar, and pointing to the Jukebox and holding up the coin asked if she could put some music on.
"Wait, wait," the barman replied. He switched on the jukebox and said "Free, free."
Mimi went to the jukebox and selected a couple of songs. She came back to the table and said that there weren't many English songs but she had found a couple we could dance to.
'I've had the time of my life' came on.
"Time for some dirty dancing," Mimi said dragging me from my chair to a small dance area toward the back of the bar.
The barman switched some spotlights on to illuminate us dancing. Mimi was in her element.
We gave it the full bump and grind. I made a point of showing Mimi's bum off and groped her cheeks. I had a massive hard on and Mimi was really in the zone.
When the song finished I told Mimi I had to go to the loo and told her to get one of the old guys to dance with her.
I went and had a pee, not as easy as it sounds with a full erection. When I came back into the bar Mimi was dancing to 'hero' with one of the guys from the bar. She was grinding into him as well and he was groping her arse almost continuously.
I noticed there were another two guys at the bar now of a similar age to their friends.
When the song finished Mimi came back to the table. I asked her if she wanted another beer; she asked for a brandy. I went to the bar asking if I could set up a tab and pay before we left. He didn't understand. Then he smiled and called one of the newcomers over. He introduced himself as Philippe and said he spoke reasonable English. I explained about the tab and he explained it to the barman who agreed. I asked if he had any Fundador brandy and he found a bottle on the shelf. I asked for two large ones. I asked Philippe to explain that the drinks were on me until we left. Everybody nodded their thanks.
While I was at the bar Mimi had grabbed one of the guys and took him to the Jukebox asking him to play some music we could dance to. I doubt he understood a word but her sign language and body movements got the point across.
Mimi sipped some of her brandy. As soon as the music started she dragged two of the guys onto the dance floor. I got the camcorder out. There was no pretence at dancing as they both started groping her bum and fondling her tits. Mimi wasn't objecting and nor was I as my hard on grew again.
The guys unbuttoned her shirt and groped her naked boobs. Mimi pulled their heads down so they could suck her nipples.
Both of the men were wearing slacks so Mimi could only rub their cocks through their trousers.
Between them Mimi's two dance partners removed Mimi's shirt come dress and pushed her thong down. As it fell to her ankles Mimi slipped it off of her feet and kicked it away. The guys were taking it in turns to rub her pussy.
The barman came from behind the bar. I thought he was going to put a stop to it but instead he went to the door turned the sign to cerrado and locked up.
The rest of the guys, including the barman had joined Mimi on the dance floor. She was being passed from man to man so they could have a grope and a kiss. I should have stopped it but Mimi loved it and, to be honest, so did I.
One of the guys dropped his trousers and underpants and started rubbing his cock. Mimi noticed and moved over to him taking his cock in her hand. She dropped to her haunches and started sucking his cock while rubbing her clit.
This was the cue for the rest of the guys to strip to the waist and form a circle around Mimi. She moved from man to man sucking cock as she went. I nearly came watching her.
I took a large slug of brandy and set set the camcorder on the table.
I moved to the dance floor. There was a narrow table just to the side. I moved it into the middle of the dance floor. Pushing through the guys I took Mimi by the hand and laid her on the table. I hooked her legs over my shoulder and buried my face in her pussy. She came almost immediately covering me with her juices.
I carried on tonguing her. The width of the table allowed the guys to surround her, stroking her body and caressing her breasts. She was still alternatively sucking two guys' cocks at the top of the table and jerking a couple of guys on either side. It was all too much for one of the guys who stepped forward and shot his load over Mimi's tits.
I stood up and quite forcibly rammed my cock into her. Mimi gasped. I started to slowly fuck her; this definitely was not making love. I leaned down so I could kiss her.
"I'm going to let them fuck me," she whispered in my ear. I didn't respond verbally but my quickening strokes showed I didn't object. Mimi came again just as I withdrew my cock and covered her belly in cum. I pulled my shorts up and moved away.
The Barman, who was standing next to me, moved between Mimi's legs and thrust himself into her. I realised the he was the first guy, other than me, to fuck Mimi. I was so high I didn't care.
I got the camcorder from the table and finished my brandy at the same time.
I was determined to record everything.
The Barman was getting close. He pulled out and moved round the table. He finished himself off spraying Mimi's face with Jizz. She smiled as she licked her lips.
Mimi was helped off of the table by two guys. One bent her at the waist and took her from behind while the other fucked her face. I was getting hard again.
As the guy at the back increased speed Mimi came again. The guy in her mouth came and his Jizz leaked down her chin. The guy taking her from behind pulled out and shot his load on her back.
Mimi came over to the table and swallowed her brandy.
There were two guys left that Mimi hadn't satisfied. She took them by the hand and led them to the dance floor. She soon became the meat in their sandwich as they rubbed themselves against her. Mimi got on her knees and gave each a short blow. One of the guys was quite well endowed. Both had impressive erections.
She asked the less well endowed guy to lie on the floor. Straddling him with her back to him she guided his cock into her anus. Once she was comfortable she beckoned the second guy. Mimi lay back on the guy on the floor. The other guy needed no invitation to fuck her.
The three of them got into a rhythm. I was ready to blow again so I moved next to them and shot my semen onto her face. Mimi was screaming and enjoyed another massive orgasm. As she went limp the two guys came in each hole. The guys moved away.
Mimi lay on the floor covered in cum with semen leaking out of her bum and pussy. She looked serene.
When she had recovered sufficiently she came over and took the towel and the wipes and went to the rest room. She hadn't taken her shirt or thong.
I checked my watch. It was only 4:15 so we still had time before we were to meet Mel. I ordered another round of drinks.
Mimi came back from the rest room. She was still naked but still had that mischievous look in her eye.
Some of the guys asked for photos. Mimi, of course, said yes. They went back onto the dance floor and Mimi posed for photos with all of them in various combinations.
English speaking Philippe joined me at the table.
"These guys, including myself, are all widowers," he said. "We meet here most days for a coffee and a chat. You and your partner have provided us with our best afternoon in many years and I thank you."
"We both enjoyed it too," I replied.
I looked up in time to see Mimi being lifted by four of the guys with her legs spread and her pussy gaping as another took photos on a succession of phones.
"They have something to remember us by," I said.
I went and rescued Mimi and helped her get dressed.
"We have to go now." I said to her, "We're meeting Mel in about two hours."
I settled the bill and said goodbye to everyone.
We started walking back to the hotel.
"That drink that Jose gave us was something else," Mimi said as we walked. "I'm sure that was what led to the goings on before. I've never felt so horny."
"I was the same. I know it was naughty but I loved it."
"Maybe we should get some more on the way back."
We had broken our final guideline. I knew I should feel differently about all those guys having their way with Mimi but it was so horny.
As we reached Arturo's I asked Jose if he could sell me some Duroen.
He gave me a litre bottle telling me to only drink in small doses. He wouldn't take any money for it.
By the time we reached Rosa's Mimi was flagging.
"Let's get a coffee, "I suggested.
"Have we got time," Mimi asked?
"It's only 5 o'clock so we have a couple of hours,"
Lisa took our order for two double espressos. When she brought them out she said "I hope you don't mind me saying but you both look pooped." I said we were.
She disappeared into the bar and returned with two glasses of orangey green gloop.
"It looks horrible, it tastes horrible and it smells horrible," Lisa said, "but if you drink it down quickly within 10 minutes you'll feel great."
Mimi and I looked at each other. What did we have to lose? We both glugged it down.
Lisa was right, it did taste horrible but by the time we finished our coffee we both felt refreshed.
The effects of the Duroen had not worn off completely when we got back to the room. We both stripped off to shower but I had a semi hard on. Mimi noticed and gave me a stroke. I sat her on the end of the bed by the balcony window, spread her legs and gave her a slow but forceful fuck. We both came very quickly.
"The effects of that drink seem to be lasting," Mimi said.
"They do," I replied, "but we better get ready to go out."
Mimi showered first. I turned on the laptop and downloaded today's pictures and videos. I knew I wouldn't need the camcorder tonight so I put it on charge.
As soon as Mimi finished I showered and dried off. I chose a dark blue silk shirt, a cream linen suit and a pair of Italian Loafers. I checked myself out in the full length mirror. That should be classy enough I thought.
Mimi chose a figure hugging black zip through dress. The dress was knee length but the bottom of the zip was mid thigh allowing her legs to be seen to good effect. She had fastened the zip so that it showed some cleavage without looking trashy. She had pinned her hair in a geisha style and applied some very light make-up. A pair of dark green stilettos and a matching clasp handbag finished off the outfit. She looked absolutely stunning.
I checked my watch. It was half past six. Perfect timing.
By the time we waited for the lift and walked through the hotel lobby Joe was outside leaning on the jag.
"Is this classy enough, Joe," Mimi asked giving him a twirl
"Indeed it is. Your carriage awaits," Joe said as he opened the door for Mimi and making a bow. Mimi gave him a playful slap as she got into the car. I got in on the opposite side.
As we were driving to the restaurant I asked Joe if he knew anything about Duroen. He laughed and said Duroen was Spanish for hard on. He explained that it is a strong and proven aphrodisiac brewed by a few farming families to an ancient secret recipe. I asked how come it wasn't big business and Joe explained about the side effects of prolonged use saying it can cause blindness. He said it's safe enough for occasional recreational use.
"Just a sip every once in a while will do you no harm," he said, "and it will definitely make you feel horny."
"It sounds like you've tried it," I said
"I have."
"So have we," Mimi said. We all giggled
We pulled up outside the Jacaranda.
"I'll be in the bar opposite the club when you need me. I'll park in the club car park," Joe said. "I'm hoping to get a few games of chess in."
The concierge opened the car door for Mimi I shuffled across the seat and got out behind her.
We knew the etiquette of these types of places. Mimi took my arm as we took the half a dozen carpeted stairs to the main entrance.
The Maître d was behind a lectern just inside the door.
"Good evening, sir and madam, can I take your names please," he requested.
"Mr and Mrs Nick and Mimi Stevens," I replied.
"Oh yes," he said," Please follow me."
He led us through an opulent dining room. If Mel was trying to use the surroundings to intimidate us it wasn't working. Mimi carried herself as if she owned the place. This was what we were used to.
Mel stood and welcomed us.
"You make a striking couple," She said.
We murmured our thanks as we took our seats. Any fears that Mel was trying to overawe us was soon dispelled when she leaned towards and said quietly "Sorry for bringing you to this pretentious cafe but it is close to the club and I can charge it to my expense account."
It broke the ice and we were soon chatting like old friends.
Mel asked if we were hungry. We both said that we weren't.
"I'm looking forward to the tour of the club," Mimi said.
"In that case should we have something light," Mel asked. We both nodded.
"They do a very good seafood sharing platter. That and some bread and olives should be ample." We both nodded again.
Mel signalled the nearest waiter and placed the order adding a bottle of Chablis.
The wine was excellent as was the food but Mimi and I didn't do it justice as we just picked at a few things. Mimi usually has a healthy appetite and I wondered if this was another side effect of the Duroen.
We'd only been in the restaurant for 45 minutes when Mel paid the bill. I left a generous tip.
"The club's only a five minute walk," Mel informed us.
Mel and Mimi linked my arms as we took the short walk to the club. Mel is a classy looking lady and the three of us got some admiring glances from people we passed.
We entered the club. Michelle came over and greeted us warmly.
"Look at you two all dressed up like you're going to a royal Garden Party," She joked.
"We don't dress this well for those," Mimi said. We all laughed.
"Do you want a drink or start the tour," Mel asked?
"Let's do the tour," Mimi said eagerly.
Mel took us through the bar and led us upstairs. The first floor was just a long corridor with rooms on both sides. The walls were hung with erotic art works.
"These are our fantasy suites and sharing booths," Mel said. "Let me show you."
She took us into the first room on the left. It was furnished like a lady's boudoir with a huge bed, couches and armchairs.
"We have ten of these suites each with differing themes," Mel explained. "Each is equipped with a small changing room and what I call a toy box. It holds sex aids of various types. There is also a supply of condoms but generally speaking they go unused, I'll explain why later."
She took us through to a bathroom at the rear of the room.
"Each fantasy suite has a bathroom should they be required," she explained. The bathroom was basically one large wet room with three or four showers.
"Only shared showers," Mimi observed.
"It was felt that after what was likely to have gone in the suites privacy was unnecessary."
Mel told us that each suite had five cameras to record proceedings. Recording was automatic unless those using the suites selected not to be filmed on a control panel next to the door.
She explained that the users could select no recording and / or no sharing.
"What do you mean by no sharing," Mimi asked?
"All will be explained," Mel said.
We moved back out into the corridor. Mel pointed out the lights above the doors of the suites telling us that if they were on the room was occupied; green for sharing, red for private.
"Because of the preferences of most of our members it's unusual to see many red lights. Most want to share their experiences,"
We went into the first room on the right.
"These are the sharing booths," Mel told us." Unless the occupants have selected private, members can watch all the suites. Let me show you."
There was a large screen TV on the wall. Mel took a seat at a console in the desk. Mimi and I sat either side of her. She explained that you could select any of the suites on the master control and then switch through the cameras to find the best view.
She showed us suite 2. It was a basic bedroom set up. Suite 3 just consisted of a large circular bed.
"Suite 4 is occupied but has the share light on." Mel said, "Do you want to watch?"
"Yes please," Mimi said.
Mel switched to suite 4. It was set out like a dungeon. There was a guy chained up. A dominatrix was whipping his bare body.
"Not my taste," Mimi said. "can we move on, please?"
Suite five was also a dungeon but unoccupied. Suite 6 was set up like a bar.
"I could show off in there," Mimi said giggling.
Suite 7 was occupied. Mel didn't ask but just switched to their cameras. The room was set out like a class room. A lady dressed as a school teacher was getting groped by three 'schoolboys'. The guys roughly stripped her and basically gang raped her, not that she was objecting. It was all role playing after all.
Suite 8 was a basic living room set up. Mel explained that the club members, mainly the men, would be voyeurs at the window at the back of the room.
Suite 9 was set up like a park with benches and paths. Once again Mel said the members would act as passersby and more to give an authentic sex in public feel.
"This is one of our most popular suites," Mel said.
"I can see why," Mimi replied.
Suite 10 was occupied. It was set out like a large kitchen. There was a guy strapped to a seat and gagged. A woman was being taken from behind while sucking a second guy's cock.
"A cuckold fantasy," Mel explained. "The guy strapped up wants to see his woman taken by others. It's a common fantasy. You'd be surprised how popular the kitchen set is."
Mel explained that there is a group of staff on standby throughout the clubs opening hours to clean and sanitise the suites after every use.
"Let me show you the second floor," Mel said.
As we reached the second floor Mel pointed out her office and the editing room. She led us through to a large entertainment room.
"This is where we hold our theme nights," Mel explained. "We only have three or four a year but they prove to be great fundraisers"
"Are there any coming up," Mimi asked?
"I want to speak to you about that," Mel replied," but let's finish the tour first."
Mel showed us the editing room. It was very high tech. She explained that her technical staff would edit the recordings from the suites. They then send the edited versions to the respective members and ask if they want it to be added to the website
"Not many say no," Mel laughed. "Let's go to my office."
To say the office was state of the art and comfortably furnished would be an incredible understatement.
"Shall we have another bottle of Chablis," Mel asked. We both agreed. She tapped a button on the desk phone and asked for the wine and three glasses. A waiter appeared very quickly and poured three glasses, putting the bottle in a cooler.
"What did you mean when you said the condoms go largely unused," I asked Mel?
"The clubs have a very robust health screening of its members. Every unattached member, man or women, has to have a quarterly sexual health test. We also encouraged couples to have the checks.
"We have clinics associated with the club throughout Europe and beyond. They are very discreet but if any of the members are positive for STD's we would be informed and those members would be suspended until they get a clean bill of health."
"We protect our members," Mel said proudly."Let me give you a tour of the website."
Mel switched on her computer. The Monitor was, in fact, a large flat screen TV mounted on the wall behind the desk.
She navigated round the different screens explaining there were forums, advice pages, tips on hotels and other establishments.
"I appreciate you're on Holiday and probably haven't looked at the site in any depth," Mel said. "But I promise you that when you get home and study the site in depth it will open a whole new world to you. If you make full use of it you will consider the membership to be cheap."
"How is such a network funded," I asked, "membership fees alone wouldn't go near to covering the costs?"
"Beside the profits from the bars, several hotels and holiday resorts C & B scene have some very rich benefactors," Mel explained. Although we are a not for profit business we do well enough to expand year on year."
Changing the subject I asked Mel what the favour was she mentioned on the phone.
"It ties in with a question Mimi asked before about the theme nights earlier," Mel explained.
"We have a Roman orgy night on Saturday and we need a slave girl and boy to open the night,"
"What does it involve," Mimi asked?
Mel said it would be easier to show us last year footage.
It showed a docile slave girl with a yoke across her shoulders. Two male slaves holding chains that were attached to the yoke paraded her to the audience. Many men groped and fondled her as she passed. Some women fondled the male slaves also. By the time they had passed round all of the audience the slave girl's clothing was in tatters.
The Male slaves untied her from the yoke and threw her onto a large padded stage at the side of the entertainment room. The room lights dimmed while spotlights illuminated the stage. The three slaves then performed a very erotic sex show as the crowd bayed and cheered.
"What do think," Mel asked?
"I could do that," Mimi said, "but I couldn't be so submissive."
"What do you mean," Mel asked.
"I'd want to make the men in the audience need to fight to grope me; push a few back into their seats with my feet, maybe push a few away with the yoke; make my captives work to control me," Mimi said. "At the end I'd want to fight the two of them off initially until they subdue me and I eventually start enjoying it and join in."
"Wow," Mel said "that would be fabulous. Nick, would you be happy to be one of the male slaves? You've definitely got the physique for it."
I asked Mimi if she wanted to do it. She was almost pleading with me to agree.
"I think we should," I said.
"It would mean another man would fuck your wife," Mel said. "Would you be happy with that?"
"We've already broken that barrier," I answered, "and after all it is only role play."
Mimi leaned across Mel and kissed me and said thank you.
"So who is the second male slave," Mimi asked?
"His name is Luke. He is a member not an employee. I asked him to drop by tonight so you could meet him in the hope that you would agree to take part. He should be in the bar."
We went down to the bar. Mel led us to a table occupied by a good looking black guy
"Hello Luke," Mel said. "This is Nick and Mimi. They will be performing with you on Saturday,"
Luke stood and shook my hand and gave Mimi a kiss on each cheek.
Mel asked if we wanted another drink. We both asked for a rum and coke. Luke had straight rum.
"Do you have any Duroen," Mimi asked?
Mel said they had.
"Can Nick and I have a small one each, please?" I knew straight away that Mimi was planning something.
The waiter brought the drinks over. The measures of the Duroen weren't that small. We sipped them as Mel told Luke how Mimi wanted the scene to pan out. Luke was very happy and said that the audience would love it.
We discussed how we could play out the parade scenes. Mel threw a few ideas in saying we'd have to be careful not to really hurt anyone.
We moved on to discuss the sex scene at the end. I could see that Luke was really looking forward to that. We swapped ideas how Mimi could go from resisting to passive to consenting.
Finishing her Duroen Mimi said "Why don't we have a dress rehearsal?"
"Do you mean now?" Mel asked.
"Why not, the cast is all here," Mimi said smiling.
Luke was beaming at the idea. As I finished my Duroen I could already feel its effect taking hold as I was growing hard at the thought of sharing Mimi with Luke.
"Suite three is the most suitable," Mel said. " I'll check if it is vacant."
She came back to the table smiling.
"It's all ready for you," she said." I've set it to private. We don't want any sneak previews before Saturday. If you don't mind I'll watch in the editing suite."
We finished our rums and made our way to suite three.
We hung our clothes in the changing room and sat on the edge of the circular bed. I picked up a bottle of baby oil from the shelf next to the toy box thinking it might come in handy at some point. Mimi and I were high on the Duroen. I was already fondling Mimi's boobs. Luke was excited but seemed a little reluctant to join in but once Mimi started stroking his cock he soon got into the swing of things.
"We better get into character or we'll just end up having sex." Mimi said with a smirk
"What are the limits," Luke asked?
"Anything goes within reason" I said.
"No slapping or hitting and definitely no biting." Mimi added. "I expect to feel a little pain while you are forcing yourselves on me at the start as I will resist you, but nothing too heavy."
"So how do we start," Luke asked?
"Well," Mimi said, "you will have just removed the yoke. I will struggle to break free as you rip off any of my remaining clothes and throw me onto the bed and force yourselves on me. Then its play it by ear." Mimi was really up for it.
"Let's do it," I said.
We grabbed Mimi by the arms and threw her on to the bed. She tried to crawl away but we grabbed her legs and pulled her back. We wrestled her onto her back. She was kicking out and trying to push us off.
I forced myself between her legs. As Mimi sat up to push me away, Luke moved behind her, pulled her back and pinned her arms with his legs. He massaged her breasts while I started to finger fuck her.
As Mimi's feigned resistance waned I went down on her, licking her clit while still fingering her. Luke moved from behind her and positioned himself so Mimi could suck his cock. She again feigned resistance at first but soon allowed Luke to face fuck her.
I could tell Mimi was getting close; she was holding my head and thrusting her hips at me. I sped up the finger fucking and Mimi started trembling. She pushed me away from her as she orgasmed and ejaculated a fountain of love juices.
Luke moved to straddle Mimi's chest and laid his cock between her breasts. Mimi squeezed her breasts around his manhood as he pumped forward and back. Each forward thrust saw Luke's cock brush Mimi's lips. Luke was getting close now and he soon shot his load over Mimi's breasts. She smiled and rubbed his semen into her chest.
I stopped licking Mimi and quite forcibly thrust into her. She squealed with delight. I started pistoning in and out of her, picking up the pace. I didn't last long. I pulled out, moved to Mimi's side and came on her face.
The three of us lay together on the bed. That could have been the end of it but Mimi had other ideas. She encouraged us to stroke her body as she played with our cocks coaxing them back to life.
I retrieved the baby oil that I had stashed at the side of the bed. Turning Mimi onto her stomach I poured a liberal amount of oil on her back. Luke and I massaged it into Mimi's body and arms. I poured a little more oil onto Mimi's bottom. I massaged her cheeks and slowly pushed a finger into her anus. Mimi convulsed slightly. Luke now had two fingers in her pussy. We matched each other's thrusts as we fingered her. Mimi was purring and trembling. I signalled Luke to stop and turned Mimi on her back. More oil was applied. Luke and I continued the massage. Mimi joined in rubbing her breasts and twisting her nipples.
I knelt at Mimi's feet and placed her left ankle on my shoulder applying oil to her leg. Luke followed my cue and did the same with her right leg. I passed him the oil. We moved so that Mimi's legs were spread and her pussy gaped open. As we massaged the oil into her legs Mimi started rubbing her clit. Her movements were getting more and more frantic and she was bucking her body. She suddenly lay flat as another orgasm hit her and she released another jet of cum.
Mimi looked spent but Luke still wanted more. He moved Mimi onto her stomach then lifted her on to all fours. He took her from behind and slowly fucked her. I moved so she could take me in her mouth. The Duroen effect kicked in as Mimi started responding again.
Luke grabbed Mimi's arms and pulled her deeper onto his cock. I moved to my knees so Mimi could still suck my cock.
"Change places," Mimi panted.
I moved behind her as Luke lay in front of her. Mimi started jerking Luke as she sucked his cock. I pushed into her and started regular deep thrusts. I was getting close again.
After a few minutes Mimi moved away from me so she could straddle Luke. She lowered herself onto his cock. Leaning forward she presented her anus to me. How could I resist.
The oil made it very easy to push into her. Luke and I matched speed as we double penetrated Mimi. She was shrieking as we sped up. We built to a crescendo as the three of us came within seconds of each other.
We lay back on the bed catching our breath.
"That was fantastic," Luke said as the three of us cuddled together.
"If a performance like that is not good enough," Mimi said, "They can fuck off."
The three of us laughed and headed for the showers.
Mimi took turns on soaping Luke and I as we did the same to her. It was very erotic as we cuddled close with Mimi being the filling in the sandwich. I was fully erect again; the Duroen effect I thought.
Mimi soaped both our dicks slowly. I noticed Luke was pretty excited as well.
Mimi put her arms around my neck and whispered in my ear "help me up." I lifted her up so she could entwine her legs round my waist.
I lowered her slowly on to my cock.
"Please join in Luke," Mimi said. "This one is for us, not the cameras."
Luke moved behind Mimi and slowly pushed his cock into her anus. He helped me support Mimi's weight as we started slow rhythmical thrusts. This was not fucking. This was sensuous lovemaking.
I was kissing Mimi while Luke nibbled her ears and kissed her neck.
Mimi was purring almost mewling. "Faster" she demanded. We did as she asked. I could feel Luke's cock against mine through the wall of Mimi's vagina. I was getting close but Luke was closer still and ejaculated into Mimi's bottom. That sent Mimi close to the edge and as I filled her pussy with cum she shuddered to another climax.
After Mimi had given us both a passionate kiss we showered properly, helped each other dry off and got dressed.
The three of us went down to the bar. Mel was waiting with a bottle of Chablis and a bottle of Rum on the table.
"That was fabulous," she said. "If you perform half as well on Saturday, it'll bring the house down."
"We won't perform half as well," Mimi said, "we'll perform twice as well. So how many will be attending?"
"It's sold out so 250 members plus 100 staff although a lot of the staff are members who have volunteered to take part."
"How will everyone be able see our performance," Mimi asked again?
Mel explained that there were six cameras arranged around the stage. Seven large screens around the hall will show what goes on the stage. The editing staff will ensure the best angles and coverage will be displayed.
"The seats directly opposite the stage are the Emperor's seats," Mel explained. "They are the best seats in the house and the most expensive. We sell them in an online auction on the site. It's an eight seat package. When I looked before the highest bid was 4,200 Euros but the bidding doesn't finish until 10 pm tomorrow. If you will allow me to advertise that the three of you are performing and show some stills from your rehearsal tonight I think we could at least double that."
We all nodded our agreement.
"Can I make some suggestions for the parade part," Mimi asked?
"Of course," Mel said.
"I think I should be naked from the start," Mimi went on. "Nick and Luke should be oiled up to highlight their physiques. They should also carry bottles of oil to pour on me and encourage members of the audience to massage me. I would still try to resist but I think that would be more erotic than random groping. The boys could also oil their cocks should any ladies in the crowd want to grope them."
"That sounds excellent if the boys are ok with it," Mel said. We both nodded our agreement.
"One last Idea," Mimi said, "but it would need Nick's consent."
"Go on," Mel said.
"At the end of our performance, when all the house lights are back up, I think the boys should carry me gaping and offer me to the Emperor"
"What do mean by gaping," Mel asked.
"It's easier to demonstrate," Mimi replied. She unzipped the bottom of her dress to her waist and slipped off her panties. She asked Luke and I to stand up and stood in the middle of us. She put an arm round each of our shoulders then told us to put a hand behind her knees and lift her up ensuring we spread her legs.
"Walk me over to the table where those two guys are sitting," Mimi said
We did as we were told and presented Mimi to the two men. They both rubbed Mimi's Clit before we returned to our table.
"Of course, I'd have no clothes on the night," Mimi said pulling the zip down on her dress and putting her panties in her clutch bag.
If Mel was shocked by Mimi's brazen behaviour she didn't show it.
"Nick, would you be happy to let the emperor fuck Mimi," Mel asked?
"It's all part of the role play so yes I wouldn't mind," I answered, "and Luke and I can step in if things got out of hand."
"Are you sure you would go that far, Mimi," Mel asked
"I'm sure I would if I get in the zone on Saturday as I did upstairs tonight." Mimi replied. "If you advertise that the Emperor may get to have his way with the slave girl that might increase the bids."
"That would be fantastic, if you're sure," Mel said.
"I'm sure," Mimi replied. "What time should we get here on Saturday?"
"If you get here around 5 o'clock that gives you time to eat if you want to, have a couple of drinks and get into character for the show at 8 o'clock."
"That's fine," I said
"What time is it," Mimi asked. I checked my watch
"It's only 10:30" I said.
"Let's have another shot of Duroen before we go and you can fuck me all night long," Mimi whispered. I wasn't sure but went with the flow. We'd already finished the Chablis and a few shots of rum so a couple more couldn't do much harm.
We had our Duroen and said goodnight. Luke left with us.
"That was wonderful tonight," he said, "Saturday can't come quick enough."
Mimi gave him a big wet kiss, rubbed his groin and whispered in his ear "You make sure that's fully functioning. We'll probably need to shower again after the show."
We walked over to the bar where Joe said he would be. He was sat on his own reading a newspaper.
"No chess tonight then," I asked
"I had a couple of games earlier," Joe replied, "but the standard wasn't good. You're earlier than I thought you would be"
"It was quiet" Mimi said with a smirk.
"Do we all want coffee," I asked. Mimi pulled a face but I got 3 espressos anyway.
"Do you and Bianca fancy going for a meal tomorrow night," I asked. "Something like a Greek restaurant with plate smashing and Zorba the Greek."
"Bianca's got a full Island tour tomorrow so the earliest we could do is 9 o'clock,"
"That's fine," i replied.
"I know just the place," Joe said." I'll book a table in the morning."
I told Joe we were having a day round the pool tomorrow.
"I'll pick you up at 9 o'clock."
We finished our coffee and Joe dropped us back at the hotel.
We waved Joe off and I pulled Mimi toward me and gave her hug and a kiss. The Duroen was lifting my cock already.
"Shall we have a night cap?"
Mimi nodded and we went through to the bar. There were only two old men in the place. Mimi made a bee line for their table and asked if we could join them. She didn't wait for an answer as she took a seat opposite them. I ordered the drinks and took them over.
"Excuse my wife, she's a little drunk," I said. "I'm Nick and this is Mimi."
They stood and shook hands "Peter and John" said the taller of the two. Mimi stood and pecked them both on the cheek. I noticed Mimi had lowered the zip at the top of her dress to show a little more cleavage.
"Are you holidaying on your own," Mimi asked?
"No, but we might as well be," Peter replied.
"Our wives love bingo," John explained. "That's all they do morning, noon and night."
"When they're not playing they're planning where they can play next," Peter went on. "They're in bed by 10 0'clock every bloody night."
"We chose Ibiza because of its reputation as a hip place," John went on, "but it seems you can't escape fucking bingo wherever you go. Excuse my French."
"Let me give you some advice, Nick," Peter said, "Don't let Mimi take up bingo."
"You poor things," Mimi said. "It sounds like you're in need of some excitement." I got Mimi's meaning straight way.
"So what have you been doing while your wives are otherwise occupied," I asked?
"I guess we have been a pair of dirty old men," John said laughing. "We spend our days in one beach bar or another ogling the young girls and wishing we were fifty years younger." We all laughed
"In the evenings, we just move from bar to bar wishing we could pull some of the women we see," Peter added. "This place is dead and we were just about to move on until you came in. Without wishing to be forward, Mimi, I have seen plenty of good looking girls on this Island but you are the best by a long way."
Mimi affected a blush.
"Are you not residents here?" I asked. They both shook their heads explaining that they were staying in a hotel at the other end of the resort.
"Do you men like rum?" I asked.
"We're both ex-navy," Peter said, "We were weaned on it."
I went to the bar and bought four straight rums.
"Cheers," I said as we all took a swig.
"I'll be back in a minute," I said.
I went down to supermarket and bought two bottles of Lamb's Navy Rum and hurried back to the bar. Mimi was now sitting between Peter and John on the pretext of looking at photos of their grand children on their phones. Mimi's top zip had slid a little further down. John and Peter were not concentrating on the photos as both took surreptitious glances at Mimi's cleavage. It seemed they could only operate their phones after squeezing Mimi's thighs. Mimi was as bad cooing over the photos while really enjoying the attention.
"Do you guys want to come up to our room and help us drink the rum I've just brought," I asked. "We couldn't manage it on our own and it's cheaper than buying it behind the bar."
"That would be great," Mimi said, "you can tell us some of your Navy stories and I promise there will be no Bingo." We all laughed.
"How can we refuse an invite like that," Peter said. We finished our drinks and headed for the lifts.
We sat in the lounge area. I poured two large measures of Duroen for Peter and John and two smaller ones for Mimi and me.
"Try this," I said handing them the drinks. "It's a local brew but it is really invigorating."
The four of us drank it down.
I went back to the kitchen area and poured the rum. Mimi came to help me. "Thank you," she whispered in my ear. "You're the best husband in the world."
We took the drinks into the lounge including the open bottle.
Peter and John regaled us with stories from their navy days and the first bottle of rum was drunk in no time. We were all pretty drunk.
I got the second bottle from the kitchen.
The stories were getting raunchier and raunchier. Mimi sat on my lap in the armchair. She told John and Peter about our visit to the sex shop. I could tell they thought Mimi was making it up.
I had changed from not wanting any man to have Mimi to actively encouraging her to do so. I wanted Mimi to enjoy a foursome with the three of us.
"It's time to stop talking about it and actually do it," I said unzipping Mimi's dress. She stood up allowing me to throw the dress to one side and remove my shorts. I moved forward in the chair. Mimi stood astride my legs with her back to me. I placed my hands on her hips and pulled her down onto my already erect cock.
Peter and John looked a bit shocked at first but they were both rubbing their groins.
"Is the elixir working," Mimi asked?
"It is for me," Peter replied.
"And me," John added, "I haven't had a hard on like this for years."
"You better show me then. I can't do anything with them if they're covered up," Mimi said with a smile.
Peter and John stripped off. Mimi beckoned them over. They stood either side of us. Mimi started stroking their already stiff cocks. She moved her hands to the small of their backs pulling them closer so she could kiss and lick their hard-ons. She got them so close that she could kiss both their cocks at the same time. She hadn't forgotten me as she ground her arse into my lap.
After a few minutes Mimi moved them away and stood up.
"Let's get comfortable," she said, literally leading John and Peter by their cocks into the bedroom. I finished my rum and followed them in, switching on the cameras on the way.
The three of them were sat on the end of the bed kissing and groping each other. I moved in front of Mimi and pushed her on her back. Kneeling on the floor between her legs I buried my face in her pussy licking her slit and clit and slowly finger fucking her.
John moved up the bed so he could massage Mimi's breasts and suck her nipples. Mimi reached down to rub his cock. Peter moved further up the bed so Mimi could give him a blow job. She duly obliged.
I increased the speed of my fingering. Mimi was getting close. I stopped licking her pussy and moved back slightly. I had increased the finger fucking to an almost brutal level. Mimi was thrusting her hips trying her best to match the speed of my hand. She was shaking. Her moaning was muted by Peter's cock.
Mimi arched her back. I knew what was about to happen and moved my hand away just as Mimi climaxed and sent an arcing spray of her juices across the floor.
"Wow," I heard John mutter.
I moved back between Mimi's legs and slowly entered her. I built up speed. Mimi had guided John's hand to her clit. He was rubbing as I thrust deeper and faster.
Mimi was getting excited again. I was on the brink. I moved John's hand away, pulled my cock out and shot my load all over Mimi's stomach. She reached down and smeared my semen over her skin.
I stood up and moved away nodding to John to take over. He didn't hesitate and was soon licking and fingering Mimi's pussy.
I looked out onto the balcony and saw Troy and Dean watching avidly. I gave them a thumbs up to let them know we didn't mind them watching. I wondered if John and Peter had noticed that the Balcony door and curtains were open. If they had they didn't seem to care but as Mimi and I had found out earlier in the day another effect of the Duroen was an almost total loss of one's inhibitions.
Peter, who seemed a lot more selfish than John, was kneeling beside Mimi's head jerking off.
Mimi turned her face to him and opened her mouth. He placed his cock by her mouth and finished off shooting his cum into Mimi's mouth. She didn't swallow but let the semen run down her cheeks and chin.
John was bringing Mimi to her next orgasm. As she bucked and twisted she pushed John's head back slightly but not that far and he felt the full force of Mimi's ejaculation soaking his face.
Mimi fell back on the bed. John lifted her legs onto his shoulders and pulled her even closer to the edge of the bed before slowly pushing his cock into her. What started as a slow gentle screw grew more and more frantic until he withdrew. Standing up and he leaned over Mimi and shot his spunk on her breasts.
Mimi pushed herself back up the bed and lay on her back. John and Peter lay either side of her. The three of them looked spent but I knew that was only temporary.
I went to the bathroom and got a couple of towels and the baby oil. I gave towels to Mimi and John.
Mimi was already working on resurrecting John and Peter's hard-ons with gentle hand jobs.
I reached down and pulled Mimi to her feet.
"The twins are watching," I whispered in her ear.
"Good," she whispered back. "You know I like an audience." She turned toward them and squeezed her breasts and gave a little wave.
I laid her face down on the bed and poured a little bit of oil on her bum. I massaged between the cheeks or her arse and slowly inserted a finger into her anus. Mimi liked anal sex and she purred as I pushed my finger in and out of her.
My cock was at full mast again. I poured a little oil on it and gave it a short rub. I pulled Mimi to her knees and rubbed my cock between her cheeks.
"Do you want it up your arse," I said crudely, wanting John and Peter to know that nothing was off limits.
"Yes please," Mimi replied.
I moved the head of my cock to her anus and slowly inserted it. Mimi started pushing back on it. We both increased the pace. Mimi had got on all fours so John and peter could fondle her breasts. I pumped hard and it wasn't long before I pulled out and came on Mimi's back.
Peter was nearly hard again. Mimi went down him while John moved into position to lick her pussy.
I went into the lounge and poured myself a rum.
I turned on the laptop and selected Enrique's recording of the sex shop.
I went back to the bedroom in time to see Mimi straddle Peter and lower herself onto his cock. John, who had also recovered, moved behind Mimi and pushed his cock into her anus. The three of them got into a steady rhythm. Mimi was dictating the pace. She sped up and shuddered as she climaxed again. Peter and John were not far behind her.
John withdrew and lay back on the bed. Mimi rolled off of Peter on to her back. She spread her legs as the semen oozed out of both of her holes.
They lay in silence for a while as they recovered their breathing.
"You boys get yourself some more rum, I'm going to have a quick shower and clean up so you can make me messy again later," Mimi said as she headed to the bathroom
The three of us went into the lounge. I poured us all a good measure.
"I want to show you something," I said
We went over to the laptop and I played the sex shop scene. John and Peter couldn't take their eyes off of the screen. Right through the outfit changes, the flirting, the dildo testing, the multi hands massage to the semen shower at the end, Both John and Robbie were rubbing their cocks. Mimi had rejoined us just I had cum on her face in the video. She put an arm round mine and John's waist. When it finished John said to Mimi "I owe you an apology. I thought you were making it up."
"That's one of the tame ones," Mimi Joked. She poured herself another rum and knocked it back. "Shall we get messy again," she asked?
We headed back to bedroom. Mimi opened a drawer and got out her bag of toys and emptied them on the bed.
"We bought these in that shop," she said. "Maybe we can make use of them."
The next couple of hours were a blur of straight sex, anal sex and oral sex; sometimes all at the same time. Most of the Dildos and vibrators were used. The rum was finished off which was just as well. The effect of the rum finally overtook the effect of the Duroen and we all drifted off to sleep.
I was woken by the sunlight streaming into the room. I checked my watch; it was 5:30. Mimi had fallen asleep with her head on my chest. I eased from under her. She stirred slightly but curled up into a ball and went back to sleep.
I woke John and Peter and told them they would have to leave soon. They both showered and dressed. As they were about to leave I asked them what they would tell their wives.
"I will tell her I spent the night having sex with the most beautiful girl on the Island," John said. "She won't believe a word of it but at least I will have told the truth." I shook his hand and clapped Peter on the back as they left. I closed the door behind them and snuggled up to Mimi. I was soon fast asleep.
Day 8 Friday 9th July
The sound of apartment door opening woke me up. It was the maid service. She didn't seem taken aback to see a naked couple on the bed surrounded by various sex toys.
"Come back later?" she asked.
"No, no," I replied using my hands to maintain a little modesty. She collected up the toys.
"I clean," She said going through to the kitchen area.
I went into the bathroom and pulled on a robe.
The maid finished cleaning the kitchen and lounge and came back to the bedroom. She laid out the toys on top of the chest of drawers and went into the bathroom.
I gently lifted Mimi from the bed and laid her on the couch in the lounge. She hardly stirred. I got a carton of orange from the fridge and went back to the bedroom. The maid was just taking the used towels and robes and dumping them in the laundry sack on her trolley. She came back in with clean sheets for the bed. I sat on the balcony while she made the bed. She mopped the floor. Taking the dirty sheets out to the laundry sack she returned with clean towels and bathrobes and took them through to the bathroom. She called me in.
"Give me dirty robe," she said tugging the one I was wearing. "Clean in bathroom."
I took it off and handed it to her. She ran her hand down my body.
"With this," she said "and this," giving my cock a gentle squeeze, "you don't need them," she said pointing at the sex toys.
I got 20 Euros from my wallet and handed it to her as a tip. We exchanged a pretty passionate kiss as she gave me another gentle squeeze and moved my hand to her boob.
"Another time," she said closing the door behind her.
"I told you women fancied you," Mimi said. She was standing in the doorway to the lounge.
"Nothing much happened," I said, blushing.
"After yesterday, I could hardly complain if you'd ripped her uniform off and fucked her in front of me," Mimi laughed.
I made tea and took it out onto the balcony.
"Well," Mimi said, "I broke all the barriers yesterday. I behaved like a right slut."
"Some would see it that way but I don't," I replied
"I fucked half a dozen strangers in a bar, had a threesome with a guy I'd never met before and then allowed another two strangers to stroke my pussy," she said, "and to top it off I invited two old men to our apartment and allowed them to do whatever they wanted to do me throughout the night. If that isn't the behaviour of a slut what is?"
"Put like that it does sound slutty but there's a lot more to it than that," I replied putting my arm round her shoulder, "Did you enjoy it all?"
"I really did," Mimi replied. "I've never come so many times and so intensely but I'm worried how it might affect our relationship."
"It won't. I was a willing participant in all of it and encouraged a lot of it so you shouldn't feel any guilt. I do think the Duroen had a lot to do with it."
"How so," Mimi asked?
"In the disco the other night we had a wild time but you set the ground rules even though you were drunk and didn't allow any of the other guys to fuck you, true?"
"Correct."
"Now yesterday, after Jose had given us our first drink of Duroen and we went on our walk, do you remember us saying how horny we both felt when we sat on the bench?"
"I do."
"I'm sure that the Duroen was the cause of that, especially after what Joe told us about it. When we went into that bar I've no doubt you would have shown off a little; a few dances, stripping, let the guys grope you, even give a couple of blow jobs but it would have stopped at that I'm sure. If you remember it was me that encouraged you to go further. By moving that table onto the dance floor and fucking you on it, it set the rest in motion."
"But I wanted it to happen," Mimi said.
"So did I," I replied, "but the Duroen also made us lose all our inhibitions. Without it I wouldn't have fucked you in that situation and you wouldn't have let them fuck you."
"But what about in the club later?" she asked. "You didn't take any lead there. It was all down to me."
"But we had another Duroen before it all started. I doubt you would have even suggested a dress rehearsal if we hadn't drunk it. The shower with Luke was something we both wanted and it was fantastic but, again, it was our loss of inhibitions that led to it. That was also the major reason for your Pussy flash.
The whole episode with John and Peter was engineered by me following yet more Duroen before we left the club. It was me that bought the rum and invited them back to our room. It was me that stripped you off and fucked you in front of them. It was also me that showed them Enrique's tape while you were in the shower that kicked off the second session. I really wanted that to happen so it should be you who is upset with me."
"I see what you mean about the Duroen," Mimi replied "but I enjoyed the rush it gave me and I certainly enjoyed all the sex."
"Shall we just say it was a mutually enjoyable day and leave it at that," I suggested
"What shall we do with the rest of Duroen," Mimi asked?
"Use it sparingly," I replied. We both giggled.
We both took a much needed shower.
"Shall we see how the biddings going for the Emperor's table tomorrow night," I asked Mimi.
"That might be interesting," she replied. "I'll make some more tea while you're signing in."
I booted up the laptop and signed in to the site. Mimi brought the tea over and sat on my lap.
After a few dead ends I eventually navigated to the auction page. There were a few stills from our rehearsal and a rundown of what the 'Emperor' package included and a final sentence in bold saying 'this year the Emperor will also have his or her way with the slave girl.
Below that were the current highest bid and a clock counting down to the close of bidding. There was also a field to enter a higher bid. The current highest bid was 12,500 Euros.
"There's no backing out now, Mimi," I said smiling
"I had no intention of backing out," Mimi said. "Besides, with the help of my new friend Duroen I will probably enjoy it."
I pulled on some shorts and a T shirt.
"I need to go to the shop for some supplies. Do you want me to get some pizzas from the bar for lunch," I asked Mimi.
"Yes please," she replied. "You better check with Jodie at the pool bar if she is still joining us at the end of her shift."
"I will," I said. I left Mimi checking out the club website.
I went to the pool bar first. Jodie seemed very pleased to see me.
"Are you still joining us later," I asked.
"Definitely, I want to see the recording from Wednesday night," she replied."What room are you in?"
I told her, leaned over the bar and gave her a peck on the cheek.
"I'll see you just after three. I'm looking forward to it," she said.
I went to the supermarket and picked up a few things, mainly wine, and ordered a couple of take away Pizzas from the main bar.
When I got back to the room Mimi was still studying the club website.
"This is some organisation," she said as I put the shopping away.
I handed Mimi a pizza. She stood up so I could sit down and she settled on my lap.
Between mouthfuls of Pizza she told me she had found some interesting stuff in the Ibiza section.
She navigated to a page about the nudist beach that Joe and Bianca had told us about. It said that the beach was great for exhibitionists and voyeurs. It went on to say that couples could safely make love on the beach and although they would be watched the voyeurs would only approach if invited.
"That sounds terrific," Mimi said after swallowing her last piece of pizza "We'll have to go there before we go home."
"I'm sure we can fit it in," I said with a smile.
Mimi navigated to another page.
"This is about the cinema we walked past yesterday," Mimi said. "I was bit surprised when I read it."
I read the page. The cinema was owned by the club and members could use it at any time. There was associate membership that members of the general public could take out. The membership was only 20 Euros per year but was conditional on them having a monthly health check at the club's health clinic. The clinic would suspend their membership if they didn't have a clean bill of health. Women who attend will want to show off. The male customers will try to grope the women and more but they will only go as far as the woman allows them to. Our female members can be safe in the knowledge that their sexual health is not in jeopardy.
"That sounds a lot better than I expected," Mimi said.
"Would you fancy going there," I asked
"I think I would." Mimi said. "I've saved the best to last."
She opened another page about a hot spring spa in the middle of the island. It offered all sorts of massages and therapies but the main attraction was a large natural hot spring pool. The pool was only open for mixed bathing.
I could see how that would appeal to Mimi.
"We must try that," Mimi said
"OK, I'll put it at the top of the list."
"Is Jodie joining us," Mimi asked? I check my watch.
"She'll be here in just over an hour," I replied
"Should we have some Duroen?"
"I don't think we should today. We're going out with Joe and Bianca later and you know how long lasting the effects can be."
"Good point," she replied
"I might offer Jodie some," I said.
"Do you want to fuck her?"
"I'm not sure."
"You can. I won't mind and I think she wants to fuck you."
"We'll see how things develop."
Changing the subject I asked Mimi if she wanted to watch whatever was on the memory stick that Jose had given me. She agreed.
I fished it out of my bag and plugged it into the lap top. It was obvious that someone had made an effort producing this.
It started with a picture showing the day date and time followed by a few still shots including some from the after sex Photo shoot. One was a close up of Mimi's face covered in my cum.
The video of our display in the restroom doorway was not of the best quality but showed our first full public display in graphic detail. They have even added some musical background using Hot Chocolates' 'you sexy thing'. That made us both laugh. It ended with a screen saying 'Thanks from Arturo's Bar'.
"That's a horny watch and fills a gap in our video diary," I said as it finished.
"It was our first public show off," Mimi said. "It wasn't even a week ago but so much has happened since it seems an age ago."
Cuddling Mimi to me I replied "I think we are making up for the last couple of years of naiveté."
"Anyway," Mimi said, "You better get your kit off and pour some wine. Jodie will be here soon."
I set the laptop up ready to show the night in the disco and poured a couple of red wines. Mimi was sat on the balcony so I took the drinks and joined her. We'd only been on the balcony for a few minutes when there was a knock on the door.
"I'll go," Mimi said.
She let Jodie in and hugged her in a warm embrace.
"Let me help you with your clothes," Mimi said to Jodie.
Mimi slowly stripped Jodie. She didn't object and the pair of them was soon caressing each other's naked bodies. I joined them and hugged both of them.
"You have a lovely way of greeting people," Jodie said, "not that I'm complaining."
Mimi took Jodie by the hand and led her through to the lounge and sat on the couch. I got mine and Mimi's drinks from the balcony and took them to the lounge.
"Do you want some wine, Jodie" I asked?
"Red please," She replied.
I refilled our glasses and poured another for Jodie. I took them to the lounge and put the glasses on the desk either side of the laptop.
"Have you ever tried Duroen," I asked Jodie?
"I know about it but I've never tried it," she replied.
"Its great stuff," Mimi said. "We have some if you want to try it."
"The effects are powerful and quite long lasting," I added.
"I'm seeing my boyfriend later," Jodie said. "He would be happy if it's as good as its reputation."
"It is," Mimi said. "You'll want to fuck anything with a pulse," she joked
I poured Jodie a decent measure and handed it to her. She took a sip and then knocked it back.
"Aren't you having any, "Jodie asked?
"We had some earlier. Do you want to watch the disco video," I asked?
"Yes please,"
I selected it on the laptop and pressed play.
Jodie sat between Mimi and me on the couch. The video was very raunchy. Mimi and Jodie were rubbing each other's pussy. Jodie was giving me a slow hand job. The video finished and I turned it off.
"I can't believe I did that," Jodie said
"I said the same," Mimi said, "but I really enjoyed it."
"I did too," Jodie said.
"Maybe we should try to replicate it," I suggested.
This time it was Jodie who led Mimi to the bedroom. I followed them in, switching the cameras on as I passed.
"That's a nice selection," Jodie said pointing at the toys. Picking up the largest of the dildos she continued, "I quite fancy you using this one on me, Mimi,"
"I need to prepare you a little first," Mimi replied pushing her back on to the bed.
I could tell that Mimi was getting a taste for pussy as she went down on Jodie. They were both enjoying it.
I moved beside Jodie so I could kiss her breasts. Mimi reached over and rubbed my cock.
Jodie still had the dildo in her hand. Mimi took it from her and slowly pushed it into Jodie's vagina. I moved further up the bed so Jodie could play with my cock.
As enjoyable as it was I just didn't feel comfortable. For all the times I had encouraged Mimi to let other men have her during this holiday I couldn't bring myself to be unfaithful to her even at her behest. I mumbled an apology and went to the bathroom for a shower.
I sat on the floor of the shower letting the water run over me. I was trying to balance why I could let Mimi be used and yet I couldn't take advantage of a situation with a gorgeous and willing woman like Jodie, even with Mimi's consent.
I realised that I got almost as much enjoyment from sharing my wife with other men as I did from making love to her. Mimi was an exhibitionist who loved to show off her beautiful body and I was proud, as her husband, to let other men know how lucky I am.
I realised in that shower that I was a willing cuckold husband. I realised then what lay ahead for us.
I dried off and pulled on a robe. I went back into the bedroom. Mimi and Jodie were in a 69 position using various toys on each other. It was very erotic to watch and I was pleased I'd turned the cameras on. I think both girls seemed disappointed that I didn't join them but when I went through to the lounge they got right back to it.
I poured myself a brandy and sat on the couch listening to the girls enjoying themselves in the bedroom. I knew I should join them but I just couldn't.
Unbelievably I drifted off to sleep for a while. I was awoken by the two girls coming through from the bedroom and sitting either side of me on the couch. They both looked radiant.
I got up and went to the kitchen area and poured some red wine for the girls and topped up my brandy. I handed the girls their drinks, got my brandy and sat on the armchair opposite them.
"Why didn't you join us," Mimi asked
"I just couldn't," I replied. "I have to apologise to you Jodie. You are a gorgeous lady that any normal man would want to make love to. I'm not normal though. I am a one woman man and that woman is Mimi."
"I just couldn't bring myself to be unfaithful to you," I said to Mimi.
Mimi came over and led me back to the couch. The three of us had a nice kiss and cuddle
"I really wanted you to fuck me," Jodie said.
"I told him he could," Mimi added.
"I really wanted to, Jodie," I replied "but when it came down to it I just couldn't do it."
"You're one lucky lady," she said to Mimi, "you have a man who could have any woman he wanted but he only wants you."
"I know how lucky I am," Mimi replied. We finished our drinks.
"I better get going," Jodie said,"I'm meeting my boyfriend later."
"I hope he looks after you better than I did,"
"It's whether he looks after me better than Mimi did that worries me," Jodie said half jokingly. "I may have been turned." We all giggled.
Jodie dressed. We all kissed and said our goodbyes.
I poured Mimi and me another drink and we sat on the balcony.
"Do you really mean what you said about being a one woman man," Mimi asked?
"I do."
"But you let other men have me?"
"Mimi you get turned by your exhibitionism. It turns me on too. The men watching you show off do as well. I feel really proud that nearly every man we meet wants to fuck you. It's hard to explain but I really enjoy watching you with other men. I think you enjoy the attention too,"
"I do," Mimi replied, "as long as it is a spontaneous reaction to the situations we find ourselves in."
"It has been so far," I said, "I see no reason for that to change."
We finished our drinks and I led Mimi to the bed. What started as a kiss and a cuddle soon developed into passionate, sweaty, noisy, full blown love making. It was exactly what we both needed at that time; a super intense personal moment with no one else involved. It proved that whatever else had happened in the last week we were still intensely in love with each other.
We lay entwined on the bed for a while until I eventually untangled myself and suggested we get ready for this evening.
"Where are we going tonight," Mimi asked?
"I don't know," I replied. "I asked Joe to sort out some kind of themed restaurant for the four of us."
"You better find out what the theme is and what the dress code is," she said.
"I'll give him a call," I said.
I went through to the lounge and called Joe. He gave me a quick rundown of the evening and said he would pick us up at 9 O'clock.
"Do you want a drink," I called through to Mimi?
"I'll have a white wine if there is any chilled." She replied.
I poured us both a glass and took them through. Mimi had moved to the Balcony so I joined her.
"What did Joe say," S he asked
"Well it sounds like we could be slumming it. Bianca has called in a few favours and got us VIP tickets for a Greek party night. They're organised by the various holiday companies and people get coached in from all parts of the island. There could be as many as 500 people attending.
"Did he say what went on?"
"Eating, drinking, dancing, some entertainment and more drinking by the sounds of it."
"Sounds like it could be fun," Mimi said, "what about dress code?"
"There is none apparently, although he did mention Belly dancing." Mimi laughed.
"I'll bear that in mind," she smiled, "I'll go get showered."
I had another wine while Mimi showered and then took a shower myself.
I don't know how she does it but Mimi manages to exude sensuality without looking slutty. She chose a jade green blouse tied just below her bust and a matching hipster flared mini skirt. Bored with the usual white outfits I wore knee-length denim shorts and a black tight fitting vest.
"Just as well we didn't have any Duroen or I'd be trying to jump your bones now," Mimi laughed, "are you sure you don't want to pull another woman?"
"Look in the mirror," I replied. "Why would I look elsewhere?"
"You smooth talking bastard. If you realised what a hunk you are you could have any woman you wanted," she laughed.
"You should show me off then, like I do with you"
"You don't need my help. I'm just proud to be on your arm."
"We've got half an hour before Joe picks us up, shall we show off in the bar?" I joked.
"Why not," Mimi replied, "let's go."
The bar was all but empty. We sat at the bar and ordered a couple of rum and cokes.
"A horny looking couple like us are wasted on an empty room," Mimi joked.
"There will be hundreds later, just be patient," I said. "Although it might not be the place to take your kit off,"
"I'll play it my ear," she replied.
By the time we finished our drinks it was time to meet Joe and Bianca.
Bianca was already in the back seat. Mimi joined her and I got in the front.
"Get comfortable," Joe said, "It'll take us about half an hour to get there."
"So what can we expect when we get there," Mimi asked?"
"I used to take coach loads of holiday makers there when I was repping. The food isn't wonderful but there is plenty of it and they are cooking for large numbers," Bianca explained. "The drink is cheap beer and wine but that too is available in large quantities. You can buy spirits at the bar if you want to but not many do. These are all tourists who pay a cover charge for the night out and want to get the best value they can. I reckon the best way to enjoy the evening is to go at it hammer and tongs like the GAPs." (Guests and Pests, she explained)
"So what's the entertainment like," I asked?
"Standard party stuff; Some Greek music while everyone fuels up on food and drink, some plate smashing, drinking competitions, fire dancing, belly dancing. The best thing about the late sitting is there are no kids running around spoiling things.
"No offence," Joe said, "but I doubt you'll have experienced anything like it. It really is how the other half live; people from teenagers to geriatrics determined to have a good time. Go with the flow and you'll have a ball.
"It sounds exactly like the kind of thing we were hoping to do when we booked this holiday," I said.
"I can't wait," Mimi said.
"You won't have to for long," Joe answered, pulling into a large car park that was already filling up with coaches.
"The entertainment team is mainly holiday Reps," Bianca said. "There are still a good few left from my time working with them so I expect we'll get roped into a lot of the competitions but that is the fun of it. The VIP table means we have the best seats in the house and get the best service."
Joe parked in one of the VIP spaces. We got out of the car and walked toward the entrance.
Bianca put her arm around Mimi's shoulders. "Are you ready to party?"
"Bring it on," Mimi replied.
I can only describe the entertainment area as an open-air amphitheatre. There was a stage area at the bottom of a natural bowl of land. Rows of tables with benched seating were laid out in three sections. Between these and the stage were three tables set for eight people.
We were led to the centre table.
No sooner were we sat down than a waitress, dressed as a Greek maiden, brought over carafes of red and white wine, a large jug of Lager and a pitcher of water. The glasses were already on the table. I poured the girls a glass of red wine and a beer for myself. I asked Joe what he wanted and he surprised me by pouring a very small measure of white wine into beer glass and topping it up with water.
"I can't drink plain water all night," He said. "Don't worry; I'll be fit to drive you home."
The girls weren't hanging about and were topping up their glasses already.
Another couple were shown to our table. We introduced ourselves. Andy and Jane told us they were on their Honeymoon. We congratulated them and I poured them a drink.
The place was filling up when the P A system crackled into life. "We're waiting on two more coaches," a disembodied voice said. "If you need any more drinks just raise the empty jug and one of our Greek maidens, flown in from Crete especially for tonight, will see to your every need,"
Jane seemed to be getting on really well with Mimi and Bianca. They had already emptied the carafe of red wine. I put the ordering system to the test and held up the empty carafe. Sure enough a waitress came and took the empty carafe and returned with a full one.
Another couple joined us at the table. We introduced ourselves. They were Sheila and Steve who were celebrating their silver wedding anniversary. They weren't a shy couple and were soon tucking into the drinks and joining in the banter.
As the drink flowed the girls all ended up one side of the table and us guys on the other. Steve could certainly put it away and we had soon ordered a couple more jugs of beer.
The girls were chatting away as if they had known each other for years. I could tell Mimi was really enjoying herself.
The food was served, a tasteless Lamb Kleftiko and limp Greek salad
Joe and I picked at it but everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy it.
The best thing about this part of the evening was the Greek band that played some quiet background music while people ate.
As the food was finished the band picked up the pace and the volume. People got up and danced, mainly women. At Sheila's prompting the four girls took to the dance floor. Needless to say Mimi and Bianca took the opportunity to show off. Jane was certainly getting in the mood and Sheila needed no encouragement to strut her stuff.
The music faded out and the MC announced it was time for the first game of the night. Everyone sat down.
"Is anyone celebrating a special occasion tonight," the MC asked?
Arms shot up everywhere.
Bianca called one of the entertainment staff over telling him that there was a honeymoon couple and another celebrating their silver wedding anniversary. He asked them if they would like to take part. Steve was on his feet straight away; Jane took a little more persuading. Egged on by Mimi and Bianca she agreed to take part.
They were led onto the stage. The stage had been covered with a large sheet and a long table set up with ten piles of plates.
Eight other contestants joined them. The MC went along the line asking their names, where they came from and what they were celebrating. There were various birthdays, engagements, anniversaries and the like. There was an older lady at position 5. She had been given a seat. When she told the MC that she and her husband were celebrating their golden wedding anniversary she received the biggest cheer of the night so far.
"She'll win this," Bianca said quietly. "This is the only competition that's fixed. The person with the biggest celebration always gets seat 5."
"How is it fixed," Mimi asked?
"There are no plastic plates in her pile. You'll see what I mean when it gets going," Bianca replied.
The MC explained that each contestant should take a plate from the top of their pile and smash it on the floor in front of them. If the plate doesn't smash you are eliminated from the competition.
"Will the contestants pick up their first plate," The MC said. The drummer started a drum roll. The first lot of plates were smashed. And so it went on until everyone was eliminated except the lady that Bianca said would win. She was presented with a cheap bottle of fizz and helped back to her seat.
The evening continued in a similar vein. We all took part in the various games; Joe won the Adonis competition. Except for Joe we all got happily drunk and had a good time. The girls laughed about getting groped in the Conga train. It was a great fun night.
Jim dropped us back at the hotel at about 1:30. I told him we wanted to be at the club by five o'clock and he agreed to pick us up at 4:30.
When we got back to the room we had a glass of wine on the balcony.
"That was a fantastic night and I never took my kit off once," Mimi said laughing. "I'm still dressed now."
"I'm sure I can remedy that," I replied putting my arm round her shoulder and pulling her close. I untied her blouse and massaged her boobs.
"Let's go to bed," I suggested. We both finished our wine and went back into the bedroom. We finished undressing each other and made slow passionate love on the bed before falling asleep in each other's arms.
When I woke up we had both spread out on the bed. Mimi was sprawled on her back like a star fish; I couldn't resist. I knelt over her and licked her nipple. I ran my tongue down her stomach and moved between her legs so I could lick her pussy. She was starting to stir. I concentrated on sucking her clit.
Mimi gave a little moan and pushed her hips up, placing a hand on the back of my head. I changed position slightly so I could push a finger into her pussy. I started a slow finger fuck pushing in a second finger.
Mimi thrust her hips up and down matching my finger movement. I moved my other hand so I could place a finger in her anus. She squealed. I moved position again so I could increase the speed of penetrating her.
Mimi was getting close now. I moved between her legs and pushed my cock into her. I started pumping slowly but Mimi was urging me to speed up. I pistoned in and out of her. She shuddered to an orgasm and I felt her juices soaking my groin. That was enough to push me over the top and I came inside her.
I moved Mimi onto her side so my cock would remain inside her for a little longer and gave her a big wet kiss.
"That was a nice way to be woken up," Mimi said, "I hope you're going to make a habit of it."
"I'll do my best. Do you want some tea?"
"Yes please."
"I'll bring it out to the balcony."
"It's a big night in the club tonight," I said. "Are you nervous?"
"Not really," Mimi replied. "I just want to put on a good show. It is the ultimate show-off opportunity. How do you feel about it?"
"I'm excited, if a little nervous. Don't take this the wrong way but I'm looking forward to sharing you with Luke again."
"Me too," Mimi replied, "Especially if we can repeat what went on in the shower."
"We're getting there three hours before show time so there might be time for a bit of a warm up,"
"That would be great," Mimi said. "It would put us in the mood for the main event."
I made us some more tea.
"Do you think a bit of a work-out in the gym might help set us up for tonight?" I asked Mimi.
"It would help I think," Mimi replied, "but not as much as a drink of Duroen."
"That goes without saying," I said laughing. "I think a bit of a tone up will do us both good though."
We agreed we'd go to the gym later.
"Are we still going back to Enrique's tomorrow?" Mimi asked.
"If you want to, how far do you want to go?"
"All the way if that's how it develops; the full gangbang if you're happy with that,"
I was getting excited at the thought of it
"That's fine by me as long as I'm first in the queue," I half joked.
"I'm going to take a shower," Mimi said.
"OK, I'll ring Enrique."
I spoke to Enrique and explained what Mimi had said.
"I can arrange that," he said. "There will be plenty of volunteers. How many would you and Mimi be comfortable with?"
I hadn't really thought about that.
"About 15 I guess as long as there's no rough stuff,"
"I can guarantee there will be no rough stuff," Enrique assured me. "I think you would need three to four hours for Mimi to enjoy that amount of men."
"Shall we say 2 O'clock then," I suggested. "Can you get some Duroen?"
"I will. See you tomorrow," Enrique said, hanging up.
I told Mimi about what I had arranged with Enrique.
"Fifteen! That seems a lot," Mimi protested weakly.
"It's over three or four hours," I said in my defence.
"I just hope I can cope; I'm sure I'll manage," she said coyly. "You better get ready if we're going to the gym."
I showered and threw on some gym kit. Mimi had put on an almost transparent leotard.
She had poured us a both a measure of Duroen.
"It's a bit early for that," I said
"We'll need it before the day is out." We both drank it down.
"Are we coming straight back here after the gym," Mimi asked?
"I guess so," I replied.
"In that case we may as well just wear our bathrobes and then we won't need towels or bags."
I fished out the Gym fobs and we headed off.
There was one other guy using the weights when we got to the gym. I went to the toilet; Mimi went straight on the treadmill.
I joined the guy in the weights area. He introduced himself as Darren.
"Nick," I said shaking hands.
I went through my warm up stretches and started my weight training exercises. I was half way through when Mimi got off the treadmill and started her stretching exercises. Her routine was a lot more intense than my warm-up and was a whole body warm-up that she had learned as part of her gymnastics training. Although not designed to be, it made for very erotic viewing.
Darren hadn't realised I was with Mimi.
"I bet she gives a good bedroom workout," he said quietly.
"She certainly does," I said winking.
"Pardon," Darren said.
"She's my wife."
Darren went a little red and started mumbling apologies.
"Don't worry about it," I laughed. "Everybody we meet wants to fuck her,"
Darren looked a little shocked. I knew the Duroen was already taking effect as I considered sharing Mimi with him.
Mimi had finished her stretches. I took Darren over and introduced him to Mimi telling her how he was impressed with her stretching routine.
"Thank you," Mimi said squeezing Darren's arm, "Most men enjoy watching me do them. Are you joining us in the Jacuzzi?"
He looked at me for approval. I nodded and he smiled and said yes. I could tell from the sparkle in her eyes that the Duroen was also kicking in for her.
We pulled on our robes, Darren picked up his bag and we headed to the pool area.
As soon as we reached the Jacuzzi Mimi took off her robe, stripped off the Leotard and showered off.
"Please join us," Mimi said to Darren as she climbed into the tub. I stripped off and showered. Darren looked a little unsure. "I think she wants you," I whispered to him as I joined Mimi.
Darren stripped off and showered. By the time he got into the Jacuzzi Mimi was already stroking my cock. He chose to sit some distance away from us.
"Move closer," Mimi said to him."I can't reach you over there."
Darren moved next to Mimi and she soon had his cock in her hand. I fondled Mimi's breast and with some coaxing from Mimi Darren did the same.
Mimi hooked her legs over ours allowing easy access to her pussy. She took Darren's hand and placed it between her legs. Again he was a bit reluctant.
"Please join in," Mimi said to him.
"We can all enjoy this," I added
Mimi stood and sat astride Darren. He was still reluctant. As his eyes kept darting to the entrances I realised he wasn't comfortable in this very public area.
"Shall we go to our room," I suggested
"Are you sure," Darren asked?
"Please come with us," Mimi said, "it will be fun."
We climbed out of the Jacuzzi. Darren put his gym gear on while we slipped into our robes. Mimi squeezed my bum and mouthed thank you. I collected our discarded clothes and we headed for the lifts.
I made an excuse and went through to the lounge to turn on the cameras. By the time I went back into the bedroom Mimi had disrobed and Darren had stripped off.
Mimi was sat on the end of the bed giving Darren a blow job. I took my robe off and stood next to Darren. Mimi split her efforts between both of us. She lay back and beckoned Darren forward so she could take his cock between her breasts. I moved between Mimi's legs so I could tongue her clit and finger her.
Oral sex was one of the things that Mimi really loved and with the added help of the Duroen and the excitement of a new partner she was soon getting close. I knelt higher so I could penetrate her. I was getting really close myself. After a few thrusts I pulled out and encouraged Darren to take my place.
He went down on Mimi and she started bucking and trembling. Mimi came forcefully. Darren was taken by surprise but enjoyed his facial. I unloaded on Mimi's breasts at the same time.
Mimi pulled Darren onto the bed, laid him on his back and mounted him.
I was just about to join them when my phone rang.
I went to the lounge and picked up my 'phone. It was Mel.
"Are you still on for tonight," She asked?
"Of course, we wouldn't let you down."
"The winning bid was 30,000 Euros."
"We'll give a good show. We're just practising now,"
"Oh, sorry, see you later."
I stood in the doorway to the bedroom and watched Mimi and Darren fuck. It was pure physical sex; there was little passion.
As I stood there I realised I was happy if Mimi was happy.
I lay next to them as they reached their crescendo.
The three of us lay together. Mimi rolled into my arms. "I love you," she whispered.
"We have to get ready for tonight," I said
"I could go right now," Mimi replied, "but I better get showered."
She went into the bathroom.
"I'm going to have a brandy," I said to Darren. "Do you fancy one?"
"Thanks that would be great."
I got the drinks, taking the opportunity to turn off the cameras, and took them out to the balcony.
I was used to being naked on the balcony but Darren held back.
"Don't be shy," I said, "It is just the way of things in this hotel."
"I'm not a resident," Darren said, "I just have gym membership."
"I need to explain about Mimi," I said. "She's no slut but she is a terrible show-off. You watching her doing her stretching routine would have really turned her on. She would have fucked you in the Jacuzzi as she gets a thrill from the thought of people watching her. I could tell you weren't so comfortable in such a public place that's why I suggested coming up here."
"How do you feel about it," he asked?
"I have to admit that I enjoy sharing her with other men as I find it incredibly erotic."
"Do you do this often?"
"Not really," I replied, "You just happened to be in the right place at the right time."
"Well, I feel incredibly lucky. Mimi is one gorgeous lady."
"My ears are burning," Mimi said as she joined us on the balcony, wrapped in a towel.
"Sit here," I said standing up, "I'll go in the shower myself. Do you want a brandy, Mimi?"
"Yes please," She replied removing the towel and folding it to make a cushion.
I knocked my drink back."Do you want a top up, Darren," I asked. He nodded.
I took the glasses back to the kitchen and poured two more. I took them to the balcony. Mimi had moved her chair much closer to Darren.
"Enjoy," I said placing the drinks on the table, "I'm going in the shower now.
Mimi's hand was already on Darren's thigh. I bent down and gave her a kiss, whispering "be gentle with him."
I showered and dried myself. Going back into the bedroom I could see that Mimi was giving Darren a hand job. I went through to the kitchen area and poured myself another brandy.
I stood in the bedroom watching Mimi arousing Darren.
"I'm coming," Darren croaked.
Mimi moved from her seat and kneeled in front of him.
"Come in my mouth," she gasped
Darren shot his load into Mimi's open mouth although some cum covered her nose and chin. Mimi sat back in her chair. I gave them half a minute to recover before joining them on the balcony.
"Is this what happens when I go for a shower," I joked. Darren seemed a little embarrassed.
"Don't feel bad," Mimi said to Darren, "Nick's seen me do far worse than that."
I don't think that comment helped Darren. Mimi went to the bathroom to wash her face.
I asked Darren if he would like to take a shower. He said he would.
I checked the time. It was 2:30.
"Let's get dressed and have a late lunch," I suggested
"I'm not particularly hungry but a coffee and more brandy can only help," Mimi giggled. "Should we have another Duroen"
"Let's save ours and drink the club's stock."
Darren came out of the bathroom dressed and fresh.
"We're going for a late lunch," Mimi said, "do you want to join us?"
"That would be nice," He replied
I didn't put too much effort into what to wear as I knew I wouldn't be wearing it for the main event. You could say Mimi did the same but she knew how to show off and chose to wear a vest dress. It hung loose on her. It was knee length but showed a great deal of cleavage, was almost backless and the armholes hung to her waist. Any slight movement would show her breasts. I was pleased to see that she had chosen to wear a thong. I checked the contents of my bag.
"You won't need that today," Mimi said
"You never know. Best to be prepared just in case," I replied with a smirk.
We went to Rosa's as usual. It was far busier than usual but I guessed that was because it was Saturday.
We managed to find a table in the middle of the terrace although we had to beg a chair from an adjacent table.
"Do you like red wine," I asked Darren. "The house red is pretty good."
"That's fine," he said.
I ordered a litre carafe of red and a sharing tapas platter.
"Can I ask you a personal question, Mimi," Darren asked?
"Of course," Mimi smiled
He lowered his voice.
"You know when you asked me to come in your mouth did you not find that degrading?"
"If some bloke forced me to do it that would be degrading but I wanted you to do it," she replied. "How can that be degrading. If anything it should be you who felt degraded because at that moment I had complete control over you."
"Do you live on the Island, Darren," I asked, changing the subject sharply.
"Six months during the season and then six months in the Canaries. I work as a tour guide," He replied.
"You must know Bianca and Joe," Mimi said.
"I work with Bianca quite a lot. She is one of the best tour guides on the Island; very knowledgeable and extremely reliable. I have been trying to recruit her for a couple of years now without success" he replied. "As for Joe he is wasting his talents as a taxi driver. He could be anything he wanted to be. He's one of the most popular people on the Island."
"We only met them while on this holiday but we have become good friends," I added. "I hope you will show some discretion about today."
"Of course I will," he replied, "no one would believe me anyway."
The food arrived. Mimi and I picked at a few things. Darren ate like he hadn't eaten for a week. Darren had just about cleared the plate. We finished the wine.
"Thanks for everything today. It will live long in my memory," Darren said. "I better get going."
"It's been our pleasure," Mimi said, standing to give him a kiss on the cheek. As she bent forward her breasts were on full display to anyone watching. I stood and shook Darren's hand. He offered to pay for the food but I told him I would pay the bill.
Once he had left Mimi said that she wouldn't of fancied Darren in any other circumstances but being watched in the gym had turned her on.
"I would have preferred to fuck him in the Jacuzzi in the hope of getting caught but I'm sure someone would have been watching us in the room and on the balcony," she whispered.
"Do you want another drink," I asked
"What time is it?"
"It's just gone 3:30."
"We may as well go to the club and get the lay of the land."
"Okay," I said.
I text Joe to pick us up and settled the bill.
We were outside the club by four o'clock.
"What time do you want picking up?" Joe asked.
"Around ten o'clock, I guess," I replied.
"I'll be in the bar over the road," he replied. "If you're earlier and the car's not here give me a bell and I'll pick you up."
"Thanks," I said as he drove away.
Security was a lot tighter and we were asked for our membership cards when we entered. The doorman checked his list. He handed us an access all areas pass. "Please wait," he said and picked up the phone.
Mel appeared within minutes with a young lady by her side.. "You're early," she said.
"We're keen," Mimi replied.
"This is Colette," Mel said. "She will be your assistant for the day." We all shook hands.
"I'll leave you in Colette's capable hands," Mel said, "I have a busy day but I'll catch up with you later."
"I'll show you to your changing room," Colette said," follow me please.
As we made our way to the second floor Colette explained that the fantasy and viewing rooms were closed for the day. She explained that there was a canteen on the third floor if we wanted to eat.
She showed us into our dressing room saying she would send one of the bar staff to take our drinks orders. She gave us a pager and told us to use it should we need anything. "If you wear your passes you'll have no problems from security," she told us as she left.
A waiter knocked on the door and took our drinks order of a bottle of red wine and a small bottle of Duroen and three glasses.
The changing room was very nice; more like a suite of rooms with a sitting room, a dressing room and a large wet room/ bathroom. Hanging in the dressing room were two loin cloths and a sack like dress for Mimi. There were also four bottles of baby oil and a polystyrene yoke with attached chains.
The drinks arrived and I poured us both a wine. We undressed and put on the robes provided.
"Let's check out the stage for later," Mimi suggested.
A second door led to a short corridor that led to the side of the stage.
The stage was all but filled by a large rectangular bed surrounded on three sides by four or five feet of open flooring.
"We could make use of the surrounding area," Mimi said. "I'll explain later."
We got back to the changing room just as Luke arrived. Mimi gave him a big hug and a kiss. I gave him a big hug.
"Are you hungry?" I asked.
"Not really but I could do with a drink," he replied.
"Have you ever had Duroen? Mimi asked.
"A few times," Luke replied. "It would certainly enhance our performance tonight."
"Here's some I made earlier," Mimi said pouring three good measures. We toasted each other and knocked it back. We followed that with a glass of wine.
"I think we should do away with the yoke," Mimi said. "Just use the chains."
"Let's see if that works," I suggested.
We went through to the dressing room. The chains looked very realistic but were made from light weight plastic. Taking up the end of one chain Mimi managed to push her hand through the end link.
"That's perfect," Mimi said. We detached the chains from the yoke. Mimi slipped a hand into the end of each chain. Luke and I led her back to the sitting room. Mimi pretended to fight against the chains while we kept her under control.
"That works well," I said. Luke agreed.
"Get your kit off, Luke," Mimi said winking. "I've got a few ideas to improve our act later."
I used the pager to order some more wine.
Mimi explained that her stretching exercises this morning had gave her a few ideas about some positions we could use.
Mimi took her robe off and threw it to one side. She did vertical splits.
"Can we use this position?" she asked.
I moved behind her and helped her support her leg as I pushed my cock up her arse.
The door opened and the waiter came in with the bottle of wine.
"I'm sorry," he said.
"Would you like to join in?" Mimi asked.
"I'd love to but I have to work."
"You must have time for a bit of a grope,"
He moved toward Mimi and fondled her breasts. She took his hand and placed it on her pussy.
"Do you think this is a good position?" Mimi asked.
"You'll wow the crowd but I have to go"
"Can I take his place? " Luke asked. "Of course," Mimi said.
Luke moved in front of Mimi. She took his already erect cock and guided into her vagina."I think that would work well," Luke said.
We moved apart. We tried a few other positions.
"I reckon we could over think this if we're not careful," I said. "We should just let it run and see how it goes."
"I think you're right," Luke agreed.
"We should at least get in the mood," Mimi said pulling us both onto the couch.
We had incredible threesome sex. I think we would have gone on all evening if Mel hadn't knocked on the door and came in.
She was in the full Cleopatra garb.
"You look stunning," I said to her.
"Thanks," she said "but I think you've worked out I swing the other way."
"Have I got a chance?" Mimi asked giggling.
"You have every chance," Mel replied, "but it's time to get down to business. The place is already full and it's only seven o'clock. I was hoping you could go on early."
The three of us looked at each other. "Duroen," we said in unison. "Give us twenty minutes," Mimi said.
Mel explained that the show director would be waiting for us by the side of the stage.
We each had another measure of Duroen and had a quick clean up. Mimi helped us oil up.
"Wow," Mimi said. "You two look horny as hell. I can't wait for you two fuck me in front of all these people."
We attached the chains and checked that they wouldn't be too painful.
Mimi handed us both a bottle of baby oil and gave us a short hand job.
"Can't be entering the arena limp, can we?" she laughed. "Are we ready?" we both nodded.
We walked along the short corridor to the side of the stage.
Colette was waiting for us, clipboard in hand and mobile at the ready.
"How long do you want us to perform for?" I asked.
"Usually 30 to 45 minutes but you're on early so it's up to you really."
"Are you ready to go," she asked. We all nodded.
She spoke into her phone. The lights went down. The MC announced that a slave, captured in the Eastern provinces would be displayed to the throng but be warned she is a feisty one. Loud cheers and some ribald comments rang out.
We stepped forward as a spotlight picked us out. Mimi struggled against her chains. Luke and I restrained her.
The house lights came up and we started our circle of the room.
We passed the first couple of tables as the occupants reached out to touch Mimi.
"Oil time," she whispered as we approached the third table. We poured some oil on her breasts. Taking her by the arms we offered her to the men at the table. Mimi made a show of resisting, twisting her body to escape the groping. When one of the guys tried to touch her pussy Mimi raised her foot and pushed him back into his seat. The cheers rose around the room.
We moved around the room allowing more and more intimate groping. Mimi was glowing. Several women in the audience had asked both Luke and I for oil so they could massage our cocks. I now had a full erection.
When we reached the Emperor's table he asked Mimi to bow before him. "Fuck off," she shouted, spitting on the floor. Another huge cheer went up.
We went round the last section of the audience. Mimi let a few grope her but I could tell the Emperor had wound her up.
When we got back to the stage area the house lights went down and the stage lighting came on. We removed the chains.
"Let your anger fuel your performance," I whispered to Mimi.
We threw her on the bed. The performance was so much more intense than the rehearsal. In the first fifteen minutes it was almost like rape as Mimi fought us off. When the performance started the audience were baying and shouting but as it developed they fell silent.
We went through the full repertoire. The three of us came several times but thanks to the Duroen and the sheer eroticism of the situation our powers of recovery were amazing.
We finished with the standing double penetration. Luke and I both came in Mimi. She put her arms round our shoulders and we lifted and spread her legs so the audience could see our semen dripping out of her holes.
The house lights came up. The audience who had watched in silence rose as one cheering and clapping. The three of us hugged.
"We still have to do the Emperor thing," I said to Mimi.
She put her arms around mine and Luke's waist and said "Promise me you'll look after me because I think I might be a bit rude." We both assured her we would look out for her.
"Let's go then but just walk me over; no presenting me to him."
We took her hands and walked to the Emperor's table.
We went up to the couch and Mimi sat on the edge of it. Luke and I stood either side of her. The Emperor moved toward Mimi.
"I don't want to fuck you, you arrogant cunt," Mimi hissed, "but I will let you because I promised Mel I would. So come on limp dick get it over with." I'd never heard Mimi talk this way before.
The Emperor raised his hand to slap Mimi. Luke caught his wrist. "You don't want to do that," He said.
"I paid a lot of money to fuck this whore," the emperor said.
I grabbed his other arm and twisted up his back. A few of his friends stood up.
"That whore is my wife," I said, "and you blew your chances earlier thinking she really was your slave. We're leaving now."
Luke and I led Mimi back to the stage area. The spotlight picked us out as we held hands and bowed to the audience. We received another great ovation before returning to the dressing room.
"I'm sorry about my language out there," Mimi said. "He was just such an arrogant pig. I spoilt the show."
"You certainly did not," I reassured her. "Didn't you hear the reception we got?"
"I've been to a few of these shows before," Luke joined in. "And believe me there has never been a better performance than that tonight and that was mainly down to you, Mimi."
Pretending to be offended I said indignantly "We did play a part in it Luke."
"Well, two parts actually," Mimi said. That broke the sombre mood and we all giggled.
"More Duroen?" I asked. I didn't wait for an answer and just refilled our glasses.
"A toast to great sex," Luke said lifting his glass. We downed our drinks. Mimi took us both by the hand and led us to the bathroom.
Mimi gave me the best blow job she had ever given me before turning her attention to Luke. The sex that followed was intense. It ended with the three of us collapsed on the floor of the showers letting the water cascade over us.
We picked ourselves up and washed off. After drying ourselves Luke put on one of the loin clothes.
"I'm joining the orgy now," he said. "Nothing will compare to what has gone on so far but there are plenty of women out there who want a black cock and I'm just a slut. Aren't you coming?"
"I think I would kill the emperor," Mimi said. "You'd have to get past me," I half joked. "Keep in touch via the website, Luke."
"I will," he said. "I'm hoping to be in London early next year, maybe we can hook up."
"That's a definite date," Mimi answered. We all hugged. Luke and Mimi shared a long kiss and he couldn't resist squeezing her breast one last time before going back to the party.
We got dressed and had another shot of the Duroen. There was still some left so I corked the bottle and put it in my bag.
"What do you want to do now?" I asked Mimi. "It's only just gone 10 o'clock.
"Let's go back to the hotel, there's a chance the disco might be busy," she said with a smile.
We left the club and crossed over to the bar. The Jag was in the car park.
Joe was playing chess.
"Do you want to go?" he asked.
"Finish your game," I said.
I ordered a couple of brandies. Mimi was stood behind Joe with her hand on his shoulder. I sat to watch the game. Mimi bent over pretending to take an interest in the game but allowed her dress to fall away from her body putting her breasts on full display to Joe's opponent. He spent more time looking at Mimi and his game fell apart. Joe beat him within ten moves.
"I would have beaten him without your help, Mimi," Joe Joked as he drove us back to the hotel.
"He'll remember that defeat for a while," I said. "We're going back to Enrique's tomorrow. We need to be there around 2 o'clock."
"I'll pick you up at half one," Joe said as we got out of the car. We waved him off.
"We've hardly eaten today. Are you hungry?" I asked Mimi
"Not really but I'm really thirsty."
"Let's go over to Rosa's."
"Good idea," Mimi agreed.
We walked over. The terrace was empty but there was music coming from inside. We went in and found a table.
Lisa came over. "Do you ever not work," I asked laughing. I ordered a bottle of white wine and a litre of water. There were a dozen people enjoying a Saturday night drink. Two couples were dancing.
"I want to take my kit off," Mimi whispered to me.
"Not here," I said forcefully.
We had a couple of dances as we drank our wine. It was hard not to give Mimi her head but I kept her in check.
Right out of the blue she said "Do you fancy the cinema?"
"If you do," I answered.
"Have you got the camera?"
"I have,"
"You can film but whatever happens please don't step in unless I ask you to."
We drained our glasses and walked the short distance to the cinema.
The doorman asked us for our membership cards. Satisfied we were members he directed us to the entrance desk. The lady sat behind the desk asked if we wanted full or half lighting.
We looked at each other. I shrugged as Mimi said full lighting.
We entered the auditorium. We made our way to a seat on the cross aisle. The lights came up as Mimi removed her dress and thong, handing them and her flip flops to me, and sat down.
"Leave me now and just film." I gave her a kiss and said "Just shout if you need me."
I moved away and took out the camera. There where at least a dozen guys in the place.
Mimi lay back in her seat, hooked her legs over the armrests and rubbed her clit.
Two of the guys came over to me and using sign language asked if they could approach Mimi. I nodded my approval.
One went and sat next to her; the other knelt between her spread legs and started stroking her inner thighs. She kissed the guy sat next to her and placed his hand on her breast.
She moved her hand from her clit to the back of the head of the guy between her legs and pushed her pussy in his face. He was soon licking and fingering her.
Mimi rubbed the sitting man's groin. He pushed his shorts down so Mimi could take his cock in her hand. Mimi and my obvious consent encouraged others to move round her.
One moved to the seat to Mimi's left. Pushing his shorts down, he moved her free hand to his cock then started sucking her nipple.
Mimi was in the zone. I knew I should be upset with seeing my wife behaving like this but I was so excited I didn't care.
As Mimi started bucking the guy between her legs stopped tonguing her but increased the speed of his fingering. He was soon rewarded with a jet of Mimi's juices. He moved into position and entered her. "Gently," Mimi said. He slowly fucked her.
Another guy moved into the row behind and rubbed his cock against her lips. She turned her head so she could take him in her mouth.
The guy fucking her was increasing the speed and depth of his thrusts and Mimi matched him. He pulled out and shot a stream of sperm onto her stomach. He moved away but was soon replaced as another guy penetrated her.
The two guys seated stood up and finished themselves off covering her breasts in cum. The guy who Mimi had been blowing shot his load into Mimi's willing mouth just as the guy between her legs withdrew and sprayed his cum on her pussy.
There was a brief Hiatus. There were still plenty of interested men watching on but I think they realised that Mimi was here for the long haul. I'm sure the numbers of men had increased and most of them had now stripped off.
Two guys came and stood in front of Mimi. She sat forward and took their cocks in her hands and sucked them alternatively. She moved them closer together so she could take them both in her mouth at the same time. They let her suck them for a little while before pulling her to her feet. One moved behind her and bending her over entered her from behind. The second moved in front of her so he could face fuck her. Gentle had gone out of the window as they both pumped into her. The guy fucking her pulled out and shot his load on her back just as Mimi had another convulsive orgasm.
The other guy stood her up. He sat down on her chair. Mimi turned her back to him and lowered herself onto him. As she gyrated on his cock another guy moved closer so that Mimi could jerk and suck him. Mimi was getting close again. She lifted herself off of the sitting guys cock but immediately guided it to her arsehole. She lowered herself slowly until she had taken all of his cock into her anus. Sitting back slightly she guided the guy in front of her to penetrate her pussy. The three of them got into rhythm. Mimi was screaming her pleasure. The sitting guy shuddered and he came in Mimi's arse. Mimi came again. The guy fucking her pulled out and pulled Mimi's head forward and shot his load in her face.
That's a good finale I thought but I was wrong.
Mimi stood up letting the semen trickle out of her anus.
Two guys took her hands and led her to an area just below the screen. The area had been padded especially for this situation. They were followed by nine or ten guys.
One of the guys who had led her down lay on his back. Mimi didn't hesitate and lowered herself on to his cock. The other guy pushed his cock into her arse. Mimi shuddered to another orgasm
A guy moved in and jerked himself over Mimi's back. The two guys fucking Mimi both came inside her and moved away to be replaced by another two guys. Mimi was on autopilot. I lost count how many guys fucked her and how many orgasms she had.
Finally she lay back exhausted. Some of the guys kissed her goodnight and a few shook my hand and thanked me.
I took Mimi to the rest room.
"That was incredible," she said, "but I doubt you feel the same."
I pushed her to her knees and dropped my shorts. "What does this tell you?" I said as I pushed my erect penis into her mouth. She deep throated me until I pulled her up, leaned her over the sink and quite forcefully fucked her arse. She had another orgasm as I came up her anus.
I cleaned Mimi up as best I could. I helped her put her dress and thong on. I checked that most of the uncovered parts of her body, which was the majority of it, were cleaned of semen.
"Is that the last of the Duroen?"Mimi asked spotting the bottle sticking out of my bag. I nodded.
"We may as well finish it," she said. "We can fuck all night on the balcony." How could I argue?
We walked back to the hotel.
"Shall we have a drink in the bar before we go up?" I asked pointing to a poster advertising some entertainment
"That'll be nice," Mimi replied, "I might be able to show off some more."
She was right. There were quite a few people in the bar. The group were on a break when we arrived.
"Do you want a rum and coke?" I asked. She nodded. "Go find a seat I'll get the drinks."
It took me a while to get served and by the time I got the drinks Mimi was sat at a table with two good looking guys and was laughing and joking with them. I took the drinks over.
"These are our new friends Matt and Ralph," Mimi said. "This is my husband, Nick."
I shook hands with them.
We got on well with them and talked about all sorts but most of it was innuendo about how fit Mimi was. Mimi was lapping it up and made sure she let her boobs show at every opportunity.
The group came back on. They were a seven piece show band doing mainly '70's covers and they were very good. The three of us took turns to dance with Mimi. Several rounds of drinks were consumed.
The last drink of Duroen was kicking in and Mimi was encouraging Matt and Ralph to grope her at every opportunity.
The lead singer asked if anybody wanted to give a song, explaining that you would have to know the words. Mimi's eyes lit up. She went to the stage and spoke to singer. He helped her up and gave her a mike. After a quick word with the rest of the group he announced "We're going to do a song now we usually do a bit later in the set. Our guest singer, Mimi, is going to sing 'river deep, mountain high"
There was some polite applause. Mimi's dress got the attention of most of the men in the place.
The drummer counted down to the start and Mimi ripped into the song.
You could tell the members of the band were shocked at how good she was. They backed her with rising enthusiasm. Mimi danced along to her singing, flashing her breasts almost continuously. I was pleased to see she had kept her thong on. Mimi finished the song with her now trademark splits.
The audience and the members of the band stood and applauded wildly.
The lead singer and one of the girl singers helped Mimi to her feet. "Take a bow, Mimi," he said over his mike. She made a point of bowing to each section of the room ensuring everyone got a good look at her boobs.
""Do you know anymore songs?" the singer asked Mimi
"Do you know 'Move closer' by Phyllis Nelson?" she asked.
The singer asked round the group. "We can do that but well be following your lead. Do you want to sing it?"
"I will," she said "but I'll need a mike stand." One was provided. As Mimi adjusted the height and moved it centre stage the singer announced "Mimi is going to give us another song. This one is a classic 80's ballad that you'll want to dance to. 'Move closer'. Take it away, Mimi"
She started singing; the band picked up on her beat. The dance floor filled up as the song progressed. One of the girl singers knew the song and provided the backing vocals as Mimi caressed the mike stand. I sat and watched as Mimi gave the song her heart and soul. I think there were a lot of men watching who wished they were that mike stand.
Mimi got another rousing round of applause at the end of the song.
She returned to the table. She had that now familiar sparkle in her eyes.
"You were brilliant," Ralph said. "And very horny," Matt added.
"Just get some more drinks you bunch of pervs," Mimi retorted.
The group completed their second spot. We took turns to dance with Mimi although she had several more admirers who danced with her as well, groping as much as they thought they could get away with.
The singer came over and handed Mimi a flyer. "We're playing an acoustic set at O'Connor's bar on Wednesday night," he said, "It would be great if you could come along and do a couple of songs with us."
"We know O'Connor's bar," Mimi replied, "We've sung in the Karaoke there."
The singer introduced himself to us "I'm Steve."
"This is my husband Nick," She said. I shook his hand.
"If we can make it on Wednesday can we bring a couple of friends?" I asked.
"Of course; it's only a pub."
"A nice pub though," Mimi said. "I have some fond memories of the place."
"Hope to see you there," Steve said heading back to the stage.
Ralph went to the bar.
"How is your holiday going, Matt?" Mimi asked.
"It's been a bit disappointing really," he replied.
"How so?" I asked.
"Can I be honest?" he asked.
"Of course," Mimi said.
Ralph returned with the drinks.
"I don't know if Ralph agrees with me," Matt went on, "but I thought a week in Ibiza would be full of sex. We've done the clubs but we're out of our depth."
"I think we're a bit inexperienced for the club scene here," Ralph said. "Tonight has been the best night so far, mainly because of you Mimi."
"Mimi likes showing off," I said. "It turns her on."
"I just like to spread the joy," Mimi said. "Your holiday will improve I'm sure. You should come to our room now and have a dance."
Mimi went to the restrooms.
"Don't you mind?" Matt asked.
"She's only offering another dance," I said. "But who knows where it could lead."
"I'll be honest," Ralph said "I want to fuck your wife."
"I'll be honest too," I replied, "I'll let you if Mimi wants to."
Mimi came back to the table.
"I think we're going to our room for a party," I told her.
"I was hoping for that," Mimi smiled.
"Let me get a bottle of rum and then we'll go boogie." I smiled.
When we got to the room Mimi said she was having a quick shower and told me to give our guests some Duroen
I poured them both a small measure.
"What's this?" Matt asked
I explained about the effects of the drink especially about how it helped speed up recovery after coming and helped you relax your inhibitions.
"And if Mimi wants you to have some she obviously wants you to fuck her," I added
"Are you comfortable with that?" Ralph asked.
"I'll be joining in," I replied.
They both knocked it back.
I switched on the Laptop and plugged in the Mini speakers. While it was booting up I poured four large rums from a bottle that was already opened and took them through to the lounge.
Mimi joined us. I was surprised to see she was wearing a robe although it was very loosely tied. She put a couple of towels on the arm of the couch.
She sat on the couch between Matt and Ralph.
I got the camera and took a picture of the three of them. "What music would you like," I asked
"Something to smooch and grind to," Mimi replied.
"Do you mind if Nick films the party?" Mimi asked. "We're keeping a video diary of our holiday. I promise it will only be for our personal use."
Ralph and Matt looked at each other and said why not.
I lifted my glass and proposed a toast. "To pure, no strings sex and the joy it brings to the world."
We all clinked glasses and knocked back our drinks.
I selected 80's ballads from my playlists on the laptop and got the rum bottle to top up our glasses.
Mimi had already pulled Ralph and Matt up to dance. I started filming.
Mimi had allowed her robe to fall open. Matt and Ralph needed on second invitation and were caressing Mimi's breasts. Ralph was rubbing Mimi's pussy.
Mimi helped both of them strip off before shrugging off her robe. The three of them gyrated to the music. I kept filming.
If the two of them felt out of their depth in the clubs it certainly didn't show here.
Mimi lay on the floor. Ralph was licking her pussy almost immediately. Mimi had pulled Matt down with her so she could suck his cock.
Ralph was rapidly finger fucking her. Mimi was getting close already.
Ralph moved so he could enter Mimi.
"Don't come inside me, "Mimi pleaded, "I want to feel you sperm on me."
Matt was furiously jerking himself and filled Mimi's mouth with his cum.
Ralph was pumping hard. He pulled out and shot his load on Mimi's stomach just as she had a squirting orgasm.
I was so hard it hurt. I walked over to where Mimi still lay on the floor and jerked off spraying her face with my cum. I caught it all on camera and thought how horny that would look.
Mimi was sprawled across Matt and Ralph on the couch. Mimi had used one of the towels to wipe the cum from her face and stomach. I topped our glasses up and got the full bottle from the kitchen.
"I hope your staying for a while," I said. "We've still got a full bottle."
"I think we're here 'til you throw us out," Matt said.
"Have either of you tried anal sex?" Mimi asked.
"Neither of us swings that way," Ralph said.
"I meant with a woman," Mimi continued. "I love anal sex; double penetration really turns me on."
There was no response. Mimi was playing with Matt's cock and rubbing Ralph's with her foot.
"What about sex in public?" She continued sitting up between them so she could jerk their already reviving cocks. "I and Nick love that."
"I haven't," Ralph said
"I haven't either but it sounds exciting," Matt said.
"We could kill two birds with one stone," Mimi said standing up. She took the two of them by the hand and led them out onto the balcony. I followed them out but moved out of the way so I could film what may develop.
Mimi stood with her arms around their waists. They were both fully erect again.
"Look how many windows and balconies can see us if they are watching. Isn't that a turn on?"
The beach mats were on the balcony. She pushed Matt down on his back and straddled him, lowering herself onto his cock. She leaned forward presented her anus to Ralph.
"Please," she said. Ralph moved behind her and slowly pushed his cock up her arse.
Mimi dictated the pace. Matt came first. Mimi was having another orgasm as Ralph shot his load up her arse.
As they disentangled themselves there was some cheering and applause.
"So we did have an audience," Mimi said. She stood between Matt and Ralph. "We should take a bow and give a wave to our audience." They followed Mimi's lead and received some more applause.
We went back into the lounge. "There's two more firsts for you,"
"Only one for me," Matt said. "I got no anal."
"There's still plenty of time for that," Mimi said with a smile.
We drank some more rum. Mimi was still sat between Ralph and Matt stroking their cocks.
"Who wants to fuck me next?" Mimi asked. The three of us volunteered.
"Let's go to the bedroom and I'll sort you all out." I let them go so I could turn the cameras on. I carried the drinks and the bottle of rum through and put them on the table on the balcony.
The boys were already on the bed with Mimi. I joined them.
"Time you sat on my cock," I whispered to Mimi.
She pushed me on my back and mounted me. "Now's your chance, Matt," she said. He moved behind her and gently pushed his cock up her arse. We moved in unison. Mimi was screaming as she had another convulsive orgasm. I came as her juices swamped me. Matt wasn't far behind us.
"One at a time from now on," Mimi said, "and gently please."
Ralph moved onto the bed. He and Mimi caressed. This was going to be more like love making than rough sex.
Matt and I went out to the Balcony to have some rum.
"Mimi is one gorgeous lady," Matt said. "Why do you share her with other men?"
"Because we both enjoy it. It's hard to explain but Mimi loves showing off and it turns her on. I don't think I could satisfy her appetite on my own so it's better that I share her than let her go elsewhere without my knowledge."
Mimi and Ralph, having enjoyed their fuck, joined us on the balcony.
"I can't believe I'm stood naked on a balcony," Ralph said.
"It's the Duroen," Mimi said. "It takes away all your inhibitions. If I told you some of the things me and Nick have done while under its influence you wouldn't believe me; although you might now having felt it effects,"
"It certainly has great restorative powers," Matt said showing Mimi his erect cock.
"It must be your turn," she said stroking his erection.
"Can we do it on the balcony again," he asked.
Mimi moved to the balcony rail and bent over.
"Choose your hole," she said "but come in my mouth when you're ready. I haven't tasted enough Jizz tonight."
Matt moved behind her and entered her. He set a slow pace. There must have been plenty of our neighbours still watching as the flashes of cameras were plentiful.
I knew when Matt moved from her pussy to her anus as Mimi gave a little squeal of delight. She really loves anal sex.
Matt withdrew and pushed Mimi to her knees. Mimi took hold of his cock. A couple of short jerks were enough to see Matt fill Mimi's mouth as requested.
We stood and sat on the balcony drinking our rum.
"I'm tired now," Mimi said "but I don't mind be woken up by a stiff cock."
I followed her into the bedroom.
We had a slow, gentle but ultimately enjoyable fuck.
"Do you want me to send them away?" I asked.
"No. But tell them they may have to fuck me while I'm asleep. And tell them I want them, and you, to cum on my face for the rest of the night."
I relayed the message to Matt and Ralph.
"Maybe we should go," Ralph said
"Mimi would be really disappointed if you didn't disturb her at least a couple of times. Besides, you've got to help me finish this rum."
Ralph went back into the bedroom. Mimi was sleeping on her side curled into a ball. It was easy for him to take her from behind. Mimi responded with some quiet Moans but little movement. He withdrew from her and moved round the bed so he could cum on her face. He jerked himself off and shot several ribbons of semen onto her cheek and mouth. Mimi licked her lips.
Ralph joined us back on the balcony. There were only two chairs so he sat on the floor with his back against the wall. I passed him his rum.
"Are you and Mimi like this all the time," Matt asked
I told them that we had never done anything like it before we came on this holiday
"You seem so comfortable with it," Ralph said
"A lot of that is down to the Duroen." I explained that we had had some public sex but it was the discovery of the Duroen that pushed us into sharing with other guys and girls.
"It's certainly keeping me going," Matt said moving into the bedroom.
Mimi was laying on her back now. Matt lifted her legs hooking them over her shoulders. He gently entered her and slowly fucked her. He sped up as he was getting close. He pulled out and moved up the bed and jerked himself off shooting his Jizz on her forehead and nose. Mimi took his cock in her mouth and lapped up any remaining semen.
She rolled on to her stomach and went back to sleep.
"So where do we get this Duroen?" Ralph asked.
I explained that the stuff was a controlled substance and wasn't on general sale.
"We got ours as a thank you from one of the resort restaurant owners after Mimi and I did a very X-Rated show for the staff."
"We've also come across it in a couple of other places. "I continued, "I think a lot of places have it but you have to be discreet if you want to buy some. I've also been told that long term use is dangerous and taking any back to UK is a definite no-no."
"That's a shame," Ralph said, "It certainly has given me confidence tonight. Do you mind?"He asked pointing toward the bedroom. I just smiled and nodded.
Ralph lay on the bed next to Mimi. He ran his hand down her back and caressed her bum. He sat astride her thighs and spread her arse cheeks. I couldn't be sure at first but it was soon obvious that he decided on anal sex. I could tell by the way Mimi responded.
Mimi got to her knees. Ralph grabbed her hips and really pumped her hard. Mimi started fingering herself and she soon had another orgasm. She pushed Ralph onto his back and went down on him.
She jerked him off until he came in her mouth. She couldn't keep it all in her mouth and some dribbled down her chin before she swallowed the rest. Mimi lay back on the bed feigning sleep again.
Ralph came back on the balcony and took his seat on the floor. I topped up our glasses with the last of the rum.
"I hope I can find a girl like Mimi," Ralph said.
"I hope you do too," I answered, "but we have a really deep loving relationship. Without that we couldn't do things like this."
"I wouldn't have understood that a few hours ago," Matt said, "but I know exactly what you mean now. It's so obvious how much she loves you. We're just her playthings."
"I think she feels more than that about you or you wouldn't be here."
"I know I feel a bit more than that," Ralph said.
I lifted my glass "remember my toast earlier." We chinked glasses again.
"What are you doing for the rest of your holiday?" I asked.
"It will be hard to top tonight," Matt said. "I guess we'll go in search of some Duroen."
"What will you get up to?" Ralph asked.
"We've organised a gangbang in a local sex shop for tomorrow afternoon," I said
Ralph and Matt both looked shocked. "You're not joking are you?" Matt asked. I just let it hang.
We had finished the rum.
"I know what Mimi said before but do you think we could get one last threesome before we go?" Ralph asked. "We may never get another chance for something like this in our lifetimes."
"Let's find out," I replied.
We went through to the bedroom. I lay next to Mimi. She was half asleep. I kissed her cum covered lips. She stirred.
"The boys are going soon but wanted one last threesome with you before they leave."
She looked at them at the end of the bed.
"How can I refuse two hard cocks like those?"
I rolled off of the bed. Ralph wasted no time going down on Mimi. Matt lay beside Mimi and kissed her breasts. "Put your cock between my boobs," Mimi whispered to him.
Matt straddled Mimi's chest. Mimi pressed her breasts around his cock. He pushed his cock up and down between her breasts. Mimi tilted her head so she could lick or kiss Matt's cock when he pushed forward.
Ralph knew how to get Mimi going and she was soon thrusting her hips towards his face and fingers.
Mimi pushed them both away.
She pushed Ralph onto his back and mounted him. She told Matt to stand so she could suck his cock.
Mimi was riding Ralph's cock hard. She soon shuddered through her orgasm..
She got Matt to lie next to them. Mimi climbed off of Ralph and lowered herself on to Matt.
"Fuck my arse," Mimi said to Ralph.
Ralph moved behind her and gently pushed cock into her anus.
Mimi set the pace as the three of them got close. "Come inside me," Mimi panted.
Matt was first filling Mimi's pussy with his cum. Ralph lasted a little longer before coming in Mimi's arse. Ralph withdrew and collapsed on the bed. Mimi rolled off of Matt and lay between them.
She gave both of them a deep kiss but saved the cock squeeze for Ralph.
"Thank you guys," Mimi said. "It's been great but I need some sleep. I've got a gangbang to go to tomorrow."
Ralph and Matt went through to the lounge to retrieve their clothes.
"Thanks for a great night," Ralph said shaking my hand. I shook hands with Matt and let them out.
Mimi was already asleep. I went through to the lounge, switched off the cameras and poured myself a brandy and took it through to the balcony.
I thought back over the day. Mimi must have had over thirty men today. I got excited thinking about it all, especially the cinema. I checked my watched it was 3:45. It all starts again in just over ten hours I thought. I finished my brandy and took the dirty glasses back to the kitchen area. I turned all the lights off and drew the curtains. I didn't want the sun waking us early.
I spooned into Mimi's back and inserted my half erect cock into her still moist pussy. I had no intention of having sex but it was a nice position in which to fall asleep.
Day 10 Sunday 11th July
Mimi woke me with a kiss. "It's 11:30 sleepy head. I've made tea."
I couldn't believe I'd slept for over seven hours
I went to the balcony. Mimi had already been showered and looked gorgeous.
I asked her when she had gotten up.
"About 11 o'clock," she replied. "I slept like a log."
I drank my tea and made some more. My phoned bleeped as I was taking the tea through to the balcony. I went back to the lounge to retrieve my phone.
"It's a message from Mel," I said "She wants us to call in at the club tonight."
"That pervert Emperor probably wants his money back," Mimi said.
I asked Mimi if she wanted to go. She said ok so I replied to Mel saying we would be there sometime around 8 o'clock.
"I think Ralph fell in love with you last night," I said
"He was cute," She replied. "They both were but Ralph was sweet."
"Do you want to trade me in?"
"He wasn't that cute. Anyway he wouldn't have your money," she said poking her tongue out.
I drank some more tea. "I'm starving. I'm so hungry I could eat a Mimi; again!"
She laughed but admitted she was hungry too.
"I'll get showered and we'll get some lunch at Rosa's"
Mimi chose a short flowery summer dress and I finally got to wear one of my Caribbean shirts. Even though I knew I wouldn't need it today I still packed my back pack. I couldn't not take it.
Rosa's was quiet. We ordered the Spanish equivalent of a mixed grill and a half carafe of red wine.
"We forgot to take our Duroen," Mimi said as we waited for our food.
"Don't worry about that, you'll be fine," I replied neglecting to tell her that I'd arranged for Enrique to supply some.
The food and wine arrived
"Are you worried about going back to Enrique's?" I asked as we ate.
Mimi thought about the question. "I'm not worried; I'm actually looking forward to it but a bit of Duroen courage would help."
We ate in silence for a while.
"I wish we had had some Duroen before going to Enrique's," Mimi said as finished her food.
"Are you hooked on the stuff," I teased. "You didn't need it last time we were there."
"Of course I'm not," she said indignantly, "but you have to admit it lifts us to new levels of enjoyment."
I decided it was time to be straight with her.
"I've asked Enrique to provide some."
"You bastard," she said laughing and playfully punched my arm.
I checked my watch it was 1:15. "Joe's picking us up in 15 minutes. Shall we go meet him outside the hotel?" Mimi nodded her agreement. We finished the wine, paid the bill and walked over the road to the Hotel.
Joe was already there. Mimi gave him a hug and a kiss, while we shook hands and slapped each other's backs. We drove off to Enrique's.
"What time do you want picking up later?" Joe asked pulling up outside Enrique's.
"I'm not sure," I replied. "After six I would think. We're also going to the club later. I'll drop you a text when we're ready to leave."
"Are you ready?" I asked Mimi.
"I guess so," she replied.
I knocked on the door. Enrique welcomed us warmly. He led us through to the shop. There was definitely more than fifteen guys; it look like it was closer to thirty.
"I hope you don't mind Mimi," Enrique said, "but I could tell from your last visit that you like being watched so I invited a few extra. Today is all about your pleasure. If at any time you wish to stop just say so."
Mimi looked along the guys, whose ages ranged from mid teens to late 60's.
"I best give them something to watch then" she said. The sparkle was back in her eyes.
"Can I use one of your outfits, Enrique?" Mimi asked, "I need to keep my dress clean for tonight"
Enrique nodded his consent. Mimi perused the costumes on the rack before settling on a very sheer dressing gown.
Turning to face her audience she started a slow striptease. She placed her hands on her knees and slowly moved her hands along her thighs, lifting the hem of her dress to reveal her thong. She let her dress fall back into place and turned her back. Reaching behind her she pulled down the zip of her dress and shrugged it off of her shoulders. She turned to face her audience and lowered the top of her dress to her waist revealing her breasts. She squeezed her nipples allowing her dress to fall to the floor. The damp patch on Mimi's thong showed she was already enjoying herself.
She stepped out of the dress, reached down and picked it up. Making a show of shaking the creases out of her dress, Mimi turned and hung it over the clothes rail. With her back to her audience she bent at the waist and pushed her thong down to her ankles and kicked it to one side.
Mimi took the dressing gown off of its hanger but before putting it on took her time hanging her dress on the hanger. Picking up her thong she walked slowly to the small changing room and hung her dress up. She walked back to the rack and put on the dressing gown tying it loosely. It was so sheer she may just as well have left it off. But she did look horny as hell.
She came back to the counter where I was stood and gave me a kiss. While she had been performing Enrique had produced some glasses and was filling them with Duroen. Mimi took one and knocked it back. I followed her lead.
"Can I serve the drinks?" Mimi asked. Enrique handed her a small tray.
Mimi put six glasses on the tray and moved to the closest group. Her dressing gown had fallen open.
She kissed each guy as she gave them a drink. She kept refilling the tray and moved round the group.
Quite a few took the opportunity to cop a feel. Mimi encouraged it. Mimi also took the opportunity to drink another couple of measures.
While Mimi was serving, Enrique explained that there was an entertainment suite in the basement.
"Let me show you," he said. I followed him down some stairs to a large basement furnished with a couch, a bed and a large table. There was a large screen TV on one wall and around twenty seats set up in a cinema style toward the back of the room. There was also a wet room and toilet.
When we went back upstairs Mimi was already surrounded by half a dozen guys who were kissing and groping her. They backed off when they saw me.
I asked Enrique to explain to the guys that as long as there was no rough stuff it was anything goes, I didn't object and it was what Mimi wanted. He relayed the message and everyone smiled and nodded.
Mimi explained to Enrique that she'd prefer that no one would cum inside her but was happy to let anyone cum in her mouth.
"Do you want them to use condoms?" he asked. I could tell the Duroen was already kicking in as she replied "definitely not."
Enrique relayed Mimi's requests to the ensemble. There was a murmur of approval.
I led Mimi down to the basement. "I'll join you in a moment," Enrique said. The rest of the guys followed us down.
By the time we got down the stairs the recording of our last visit was playing on the TV.
Mimi helped me strip off. Most of the other guys were doing the same.
Mimi and I caressed each other. I was already fully erect. Mimi spotted some baby oil on a shelf and pouring a small amount into her hand she oiled my cock. She pushed me down onto the sofa. Turning her back to me she sat on my lap guiding my cock into her anus and started a slow grind. I reached round her and stroked her clit as best as I could. She spread her legs wide. One of the guys stood in front of us so Mimi could suck his large cock. I sat further forward on the couch and holding Mimi's legs at the back of her knees pulled them up and opened them wider. Mimi could no longer reach the guy in front of her so he knelt between our legs and licked her pussy while gently finger fucking her. Two guys had sat either side us and had guided Mimi's hands to their pricks. They were massaging her breast. Mimi was thrusting down on my cock and the fingers in her pussy. She sped up even more and began shaking as she had a powerful orgasm, the first of many that afternoon.
The guy between her legs knelt up so he could push his cock into her. I tried to match his rhythm but the position we were in made it difficult.
He thrust deeper and faster into Mimi until he could hold back no longer. Pulling out he covered Mimi's stomach with his Jizz.
I moved back on the couch pulling Mimi with me. Still holding her legs I stood up and moved in front of the guy sat to our left. I lowered her down and she guided his penis into her. I knew I wasn't far off and after few thrusts I pulled out and shot my load on her back. I moved away and the guy who had been sat on our right took my place. He must have been very excited as within a minute or so he had added his semen to mine on Mimi's back.
Mimi concentrated on the man inside her and started riding him hard.
Another guy moved to the back of the couch. Jerking his cock he pointed it at Mimi's face. Mimi opened her mouth just in time to take his load down her throat.
The guy sat on the couch pushed Mimi away but led her to the table. Lifting her on to the edge he placed her legs on his shoulders and thrust deeply into her.
Two guys approached the table and jerked off. One came on Mimi's breasts as the other came on her face. The guy fucking her pulled out and came on her arse cheek.
Another guy took over but he wanted anal. Mimi guided him in and then started furiously rubbing her clit. Another two guys jerked off coming on Mimi's body. Mimi was arching her body and screaming as she enjoyed another orgasm. The guy pulled out of her arse and came on her thigh.
Mimi climbed of off the table. I went over to see if she was alright. Her eyes were still sparkling. I gave her a kiss.
Enrique approached us. He had a man and a young lad with him. "This is Fernando and his son Luis. Luis turned 16 a few days ago. You will be his first woman," Enrique said to Mimi.
"Tell him I will give him a time to remember," Mimi said, "but I need a towel."
Having wiped herself clean she took father and son by the hand and led them to the bed.
She moved Luis to the middle of the bed laying him on his back. Kneeling between his legs Mimi started a slow blow Job. The position she had taken up allowed Fernando to enter her from behind. I found watching Mimi having sex with a father and son very erotic. When Fernando had finished I took his place. It wasn't long before I came on Mimi's back again. Two more guys took her before she changed position to give Luis her undivided attention.
Mimi was jerking him but keeping his cock in her mouth. When she sensed he was coming she rolled him on his side and jerk him off into her mouth.
Mimi lay beside him and encouraged him to massage her breasts and suck his nipples. She moved his right hand down to her pussy guiding his fingers to her clit. She moved his hand so he was rubbing her clit. Mimi made him move his hand faster. She took her hand away. Luis was a fast learner and carried on stroking Mimi's clit
A lot of the guys were watching intently; most were playing with themselves.
Mimi moved Luis to a kneeling position next to her hips. She put his hand back on her clit. Luis resumed stroking her.
Mimi held her hand up to Luis with her two middle fingers bent inward.
"Watch," she said as she started fingering herself.
Mimi stopped but took Luis's left hand and said "now you." Luis pushed his fingers into her.
One of the watchers climbed on the bed and rubbed his cock against Mimi's lips. Compliant as ever, Mimi opened her mouth and allowed the guy to face fuck her. He didn't last long and had soon filled Mimi's mouth with his cum.
Mimi grabbed Luis's wrist and urged him to speed up his fingering. She was getting close again. She started thrusting her hips to meet his fingers. She started bucking and had a massive orgasm. Some of the watchers cheered as Mimi covered Luis's hands with her juices. Mimi sat up and hugged him and said that was wonderful but you've more to learn.
She touched his lips then touched her pussy trying to explain that she wanted him to go down on her. Fernando came over and explained to Luis what Mimi wanted. Mimi lay back on the bed. Luis moved between her legs and started kissing and licking her pussy. His father said something else in his ear and Luis started fingering Mimi again. She lay back to enjoy his attention.
She lay at a different angle now so that her head was on the edge of the bed. It wasn't long before one of the guys took advantage and pushed his cock between Mimi's lips. He gently fucked her mouth before jerking off and coming on her face. Two more did the same and a third just simply jerked off on her face before Mimi turned her attention back to Luis.
She gently moved his head away from her and beckoned him forward. She guided his rock hard cock into her pussy and placing her hands on his hips help him to get the rhythm as she thrust her hips to meet him. After a minute or so Mimi hugged Luis to her and rolled him over, managing to keep his cock inside her. She began riding him. Another guy started to climb on the bed, probably with the intention of getting some anal. Mimi dismissed him with a firm no. She obviously wanted this to be Luis's moment. Luis started trembling. He was about to come. Mimi dismounted and scampered down his side so that he could come in her mouth. Mimi was surprised by the force and the quantity of Luis's ejaculate as she couldn't stop his sperm running down her chin.
They both sat up and hugged. Mimi wiped her mouth with her hand and kissed Luis and mouthed 'gracias'. Luis beamed.
Mimi got off the bed and moved back to the table where she had left the towel. She wiped herself off again.
One of the guys took Mimi in his arms and kissed her passionately. Another moved behind her and caressed her boobs.
Mimi placed a hand on the table to steady herself as she raised her leg in vertical splits. The two guys accepted the offer and double penetrated her. They both moved rapidly to orgasm coming on Mimi's legs.
Mimi asked Enrique for another shot of Duroen. He poured her a large measure from the bottle he had brought from upstairs. She knocked it back. I knew she would be wired for the rest of the day.
She grabbed the guy nearest to her and, bending at the waist, took him in her mouth. His friend moved so he could take her from behind. They both were enjoying themselves when Mimi made them changes places. They both came very quickly after that: one on her face and one on her back.
Two guys moved Mimi to the open area in front of the couch and encouraged her to kneel down. They moved Mimi's hands to their cocks. She was soon jerking them off and sucking them. A third guy sat behind her and reached between her legs to finger her. Another stood behind her and shot his load in her hair.
As the first two guys came on her face and neck the guy behind her lay back and drew Mimi onto his cock. Mimi pumped up and down on him. At least four guys emptied their load on Mimi's face and body. Mimi shuddered to another orgasm. She rolled off of the guy fucking her. He finished off my coming on her breasts.
Mimi lay on her back as some of the guys just jerked off on her. She sucked one or two. She must have had everybody in the room by now.
She lay covered in semen when Enrique moved to her side and helped her to her feet. He led her to the wet room. He didn't close the door.
I watched as he sat Mimi on the floor of the wet room and turned on the shower on. Taking the shower head from it's fitting he started washing the semen from her hair and face. He rinsed her back using his hand to ensure any semen was removed before turning his attention to her breasts and stomach. Mimi lay back. She was purring.
Enrique rinsed her legs before finally aiming the water at her vagina. He stroked her pussy as the water played on it. He moved the shower head to within inches of vagina. Mimi opened her legs wide and reached down to open her pussy wide so the water could rinse her thoroughly.
Enrique put the shower head to one side and went down on Mimi. She was squealing. He entered her and fucked her gently to start with but was soon pounding her. Mimi was matching him all the way. Mimi had a violent orgasm followed shortly by Enrique. He broke the rules and came inside her.
He picked up the shower head and rinsed Mimi's pussy, using his finger to help drain his semen from her.
They stood up and helped each other dry off. Enrique helped Mimi into a towelling robe and led her back to the couch.
Enrique got a bowl from the shelf and sat next to Mimi.
"Do you want a sweet?" He asked pushing a white ball about half the size of a ping pong ball into her mouth.
"That was quite tasteless," Mimi said. "What are they?"
"They're called love eggs," Enrique answered. "They taste better with a little love juice. Can I show you?" Mimi nodded.
Enrique spread her legs and parting her pussy lips pushed one of the sweets into her. He pushed it in as far as his finger could reach.
"Use your muscles to push it out."
Mimi pushed down and the sweet flew out. Enrique caught it and put it in Mimi's mouth.
"Does that taste better?" he asked.
"A little," Mimi answered.
"Can we do some more for our friends?"
"Yes please."
"Shall we see how many we can do at once?"
"That would be nice,"
"I'll get Luis to help me," Enrique said.
Luis sat next to Mimi on the couch. Enrique handed him two eggs. He pushed the first one in. Mimi was enjoying it. The second pushed in easily.
Mimi started rubbing her clit as Enrique and Luis pushed more eggs into her.
When it got to eight Enrique asked if she could take more. Mimi nodded. They inserted four more.
"Hold them in as long as you can. We are going to try to make you come." Enrique said to her inserting a finger into her pussy
A couple of guys opened Mimi's robe and started sucking her nipples. Another used a vibrator on her clit while a fourth fingered her anus.
It was obvious that this was pre-planned but Mimi loved it. As she moved toward her orgasm Enrique removed his finger and held her pussy lips together. The vibrator done its job and Mimi shook to another Orgasm. Enrique couldn't stop all of her juices escaping.
Enrique moved his hand and Mimi started ejecting the sweets. Several guys caught the sweets and ate them. Enrique caught the last three. He gave one to Luis, one to me and ate the last. I have to admit they had a certain, undefined taste to them.
I sat next to Mimi on the couch "Are you OK?" I asked.
"I'm fabulous," She replied. "I'd be happy if it went on all day."
"It might do."
"Are you ok with everything?" she asked as she absently stroked my cock.
"It's been a huge turn on so far," I replied. "I'm going to eat your pussy now. It will be far nicer than any sweet."
"Yes please," she said.
I moved between her legs and started licking her pussy. My move on Mimi was the signal for it all to start again. Two guys sat either of Mimi. One of them handed me a vibrator. I turned it on and showed it to Mimi. I asked her if she wanted me to use it on her. She nodded.
I slowly pushed it into her pussy and she started responding almost immediately. I licked her clit.
The guys either side of her pushed Mimi's robe off of her shoulders. She raised herself in the seat so it could be removed completely. They used vibrators on her nipples. It seemed like it was toy time.
Mimi was enjoying the effect of the vibrators.
I got the guys either side of us to lift Mimi's legs. I stopped licking her and pushed my cock into her anus. The vibration through Mimi's Perineum against my cock was a lovely sensation. I slowly fucked Mimi's bum using my lower stomach to keep the vibrator in her pussy. One of the guys had moved his vibrator to her clit.
I didn't last long and soon pulled out and shot my Jizz down the back of Mimi's thigh. She reached for the vibrator in her pussy and started furiously fucking herself. After a minute or so she pulled it out of herself and sprayed a huge amount of her juices as she had another seismic orgasm.
I moved away as a guy approached her with a different sort of toy. It was a metre long flexible rubber tube. Each end was shaped like a phallus. He had oiled each end. The thought of Mimi and Bianca sharing a toy like that came to mind. He handed one end to Mimi and encouraged her insert it in her vagina. As Mimi started to slowly fuck herself with it the guy inserted the other end up her anus. He took charge of both ends and fucked both her holes with the double dildo. After a few minutes he removed the dildo from her pussy and replaced it with his cock. He used deep thrusts to penetrate Mimi who was meeting his thrusts with her own. He picked up the pace before withdrawing and coming on Mimi's stomach. He removed the dildo from her arse and moved away.
Enrique approached Mimi. He was carrying a small box. He took an anal vibrator out of the box and turned it on. It pulsed and each pulse saw the length increase by an inch or so before returning to its normal size. Enrique showed it to Mimi and asked if she would like to try it. She nodded. Enrique explained that it had three speed settings; Mimi opted for the medium one.
Enrique set the speed and inserted it her anus. Mimi gasped. Because of its shape once it was in place it would remain there until someone removed it. Mimi was now having continuous simulated anal sex.
Enrique took three small egg-shaped vibrators; turning them on he used surgical tape to stick one to each of her nipples and the third to her clitoris.
"This is wonderful," Mimi said already beginning to tremble.
A thin mattress was pulled from under the couch and the two guys who were sitting next to her lifted her and gently laid her on the mattress. One of them positioned himself between her legs and started a slow fuck. The other brushed his cock against her lips. Mimi took him in her mouth and jerked him with her hand.
Mimi shook as she enjoyed a small orgasm. The guy fucking her pulled out and moved so he could cum on her breasts. His place was quickly taken by another guy. The guy Mimi was blowing filled her mouth with his Jizz and moved away.
There were now half a dozen guys kneeling around Mimi; they were being blown, getting a hand job or just jerking off and covering Mimi's body with sperm. As each man came he was replaced by someone else. The guys who had their turn at fucking her were covering her legs with their Jizz. Mimi seemed to be having continuous orgasms. I found it so erotic that I took my turn at fucking her. Mimi's eyes were still sparkling as she encouraged more and more of them to come on her.
And so it went on for what seemed like an eternity.
Some of the guys obviously felt they had had enough. After coming on Mimi a few started getting dressed and going upstairs.
Eventually there was only Mimi, Enrique, Fernando, Luis and I left in the basement. Fernando moved so that Mimi could blow his cock before covering her face with more jizz.
Mimi beckoned Luis to her. She pulled him down and guided his cock into her. She hooked her legs round him and pulled him in deep. Mimi controlled the speed with her legs. When Luis was getting close he tried to pull out but Mimi held him tightly with her legs
"Enrique, tell him I want him to come inside me," she asked. Enrique translated.
Mimi sped up the thrusts and using her legs thrust Luis deeper and deeper into her. Luis finally came just as Mimi experienced another climax. Luis withdrew and stood up. The four of us watched Luis's semen dribble out of her vagina.
Luis and Fernando got dressed and went upstairs. Enrique removed the vibrators from Mimi's nipples and clit. When he removed the anal vibrator Mimi asked if she could keep it. He handed it to her with a smile before heading upstairs.
Mimi and I sat on the couch.
"Thank you for allowing that," Mimi said
"You don't need to thank me. It was me that arranged it," I replied. "I enjoyed taking part and I really enjoyed watching it all."
"I was on a high from the start. And this," she said, holding up the anal vibrator, "took things to whole new level. I think I'll call it Archie as it made me arch my back a lot.
We both giggled as I led Mimi to the shower. I spent too long washing Mimi's breasts and Mimi spent too long cleaning my cock. We both wanted each other. I took Archie from his pride of place on the shower rack.
"Do want to try this at full speed?"
"That would be nice."
I switched it to full speed and turned it on. Mimi took it from me and inserted it in her anus.
"Wow" she said grabbing hold of me. "That's powerful."
We both sank to our knees. Mimi pushed me on my back and straddled me. She lowered herself on to my erection. We didn't need to move much as the vibrations and movement from Archie was stimulating enough for both of us and we soon shared an intimate climax.
I removed Archie from Mimi's bum and turned it off. I cleaned it under the shower as Mimi finished cleaning herself.
"I think Archie could become our new best friend," Mimi giggled.
We dried off and Mimi put a clean robe on popping Archie into her pocket. I walked out into the basement and got dressed. We both went upstairs. On the way upstairs Mimi asked me if there was a spare thong in the bag. I said there was and she just smiled.
I thought most people would have left but I was wrong. It looked like everyone had stayed.
"My friends would like to have some photos taken with you, Mimi," Enrique asked. Mimi's eyes lit up knowing she would be centre stage again.
"Of course," Mimi replied handing Archie to me. I put it in my bag and got my camcorder out. I knew that this floor was well covered by cameras but a few still shots never go amiss.
Mimi joined the group and Enrique and I took some shots.
"Would you mind removing your robe?" Enrique asked.
"I will if everyone else gets naked too," She replied.
Enrique relayed Mimi's words and all of the guys were stripped within minutes. Here we go again I thought but I was getting excited at the thought of what might happen.
Mimi removed her robe and posed in front of the assembled men. Even though I knew that all these guys had had Mimi in one way or another earlier it still turned me on to see her showing off for them.
Things started off tamely enough as the guys, in pairs or threes, posed with Mimi. It was Mimi who turned up the heat. As two guys posed either side of her she reached down and took hold of their cocks. Needless to say they responded my groping Mimi. Depending on your point of view things deteriorated or improved after that.
Mimi posed sucking cock, sitting on cock and generally pleasuring the guys in any way they wanted. Some went down on her, others fingered her. She allowed three pairs to double penetrate her. She also got taken from the rear while sucking cock. She was every ones whore fantasy. She ended up covered in semen again but was beaming with pleasure.
She stood up and bowed to her admirers, asking Enrique if she could use the upstairs shower. He said OK and Mimi went up to clean up again.
Enrique called me over the counter. He passed me what looked like a large aftershave bottle.
"It's what left of the Duroen," He said. "If you put it in your toilet bag you should get it through customs easily."
He explained that it would take him a while to edit today's recordings as it went on longer than he expected but if I gave him my address at home he would send it to me with a few gifts. I scribbled it down but said we might not be there for too long so I gave him my e mail address as well. He promised it would be within the week.
The guys were drifting out. A lot came and shook my hand on the way out. Fernando and Luis came over on their way out. I asked Enrique to explain to them that Mimi would like to see them before they left. Fernando gave me thumbs up.
Mimi came down the stairs still naked. She went straight to Luis and gave him a big hug and a kiss. He was beaming. Fernando handed me his phone. I knew what he wanted. Mimi stood between them. They put their arms around her and I clicked off a couple of shots. Fernando moved out of shot and I took a couple more of Mimi and Luis. Mimi moved his hand to her breast and kissed him again. I took a couple more shots and handed his phone back to Fernando.
Mimi headed to the changing room but returned with her thong in her hand. She asked Enrique if he had a marker pen. He found one under the counter. She spread her thong on the counter top. There wasn't much material but she managed to write 'to Luis love Mimi XX'. She handed them to Luis and gave him another kiss. Fernando gave her hug and said gracias. They left although Luis looked like he wanted to stay.
I phoned Joe as Mimi went to the booth and got dressed. He said he'd be about ten minutes.
Mimi came back with her dress on and asked me for her spare thong. She pulled it on.
We said our goodbyes to Enrique. He told us we would always be welcome to visit if we came back to Ibiza. Mimi said she certainly would.
We went outside and waited for Joe.
"Are you hungry?" I asked.
"A little but we should eat," she replied. "Cock doesn't count as food." She was still wired.
"I'll ask Joe for suggestions."
I asked Joe if he had eaten and when he said no I asked him if he fancied joining us for a quick meal before going to the club.
"Do you like good old British pub grub?" he asked.
We looked at other. "I'm not sure we've ever tried it," Mimi replied.
"It'll be a treat then," Joe said with a wink.
Ten minutes later we parked outside a British style pub called The Crown and Anchor.
We sat at an outside table and ordered drinks; Rum and coke for Mimi, a pint of Lager for me and a bottle of alcohol free beer for Joe.
We looked at the menu. It was all standard fare. Joe ordered a roast beef dinner; I went with Pie and Mash. Mimi asked Joe what toad in the hole was. After he explained she ordered that.
"It seems an appropriate meal," Mimi giggled, "There's been lots of toads in holes today."
"So you had a good time at Enrique's today?" Joe asked.
"I certainly did," Mimi replied. "I've never had an experience like it."
"We both did," I added, "although some of it seemed a bit contrived rather than spontaneous."
"I'm sure some it was," Joe said.
"What do you mean?" Mimi asked.
"Let's just say you aren't the first tourist couple I've taken there," he answered. "But as far as I know you are the first to go back a second time."
"Contrived or not I'd go back there again," Mimi said. "I felt safe there and was well looked after."
The food arrived. It was pretty good but the size of the portions was huge. Joe tucked into his roast and got through it all. I managed about half of mine. Mimi just cut the sausages out of the batter and ate them with a little mash.
"They're the tastiest sausages I've had today and I've tried a good few." Mimi giggled.
"Excuse my wife," I said quietly, "She's in full slut mode at the moment."
"And don't you just love it," Joe commented. We all laughed.
Joe drove us to the club asking how long we would be there. I said I didn't know as Mel had asked us to drop in. He said he would be in the bar over the road when we were ready to go.
When we entered the club Michelle was on the door. She greeted us warmly. "You created a storm last night," she said pointing to where Mel was seated.
There were more people in the place than I expected after last night's exertions. Some were already dancing.
Mel saw us and waved us over. She asked us what we wanted to drink and I asked for a bottle of the Chilean Sauvignon. I got the impression Mel had already had plenty to drink.
"You two were fabulous last night." She said. "Everyone was raving about the pair of you."
"Except that prick of an Emperor, no doubt" Mimi said.
"On the contrary," Mel replied handing her an envelope. Mimi opened it, took the hand written note out and read it. She passed it to me. It read
"Dear Mimi and Nick,
I behaved like an absolute oaf last night and you were right to put me in my place. It was out of character for me. If our paths should cross again, and I pray they will, I hope you will see me in a better light.
Your servant,
Brandt"
"Well that is a pleasant surprise," I said.
"Even better," Mel said, "He doubled his contribution."
With the Duroen still coursing through her veins Mimi said "If I meet him again I'll have to think of a special way to thank him."
Mel asked for our membership cards. I passed them to her with a quizzical look. She explained that as most of the Ibiza members did not live on the Island they tended to hold their members meetings the day after the theme nights knowing there would be more members present. She explained that we could not be invited as you had to be a member for more than a year to attend.
She explained that last night's theme night had raised more funds than ever before. She handed me two new membership cards. I look at them. Across the top it said over two lines 'VIP gold membership, Life members' and showed our membership numbers and photos below. I showed Mimi her new card.
"What does this mean?" Mimi asked.
"At the very well attended meeting this morning," Mel explained, " it was proposed and unanimously agreed that you should be awarded life membership thanks to your contribution helping make last night's fund raiser the most successful ever."
"What about Luke?" I asked.
She explained that Luke was only an associate member.
"He provides services to some of our female members," She said.
"Do you mean he's a male prostitute?" Mimi asked.
"He prefers to be known as an Escort but yes that is basically his job."
"I hope he is well rewarded," Mimi said, "He is a truly gifted lover."
"Anyway," Mel said, "you will no longer have to pay the annual membership and will receive complimentary tickets for any events or functions you may wish to attend at any of the C&B scene establishments. Of course you can always make donations to the society if you so wish. There is a donations page on the website."
I asked Mel about the Spa mentioned on the web site.
"Ah, The Aphrodite spa," She replied. She explained that the club hired the whole place every Thursday for sole use of the members. She explained that there was a massage room, dining area, communal showers, Jacuzzi and a mixed hot spring bathing pool.
"The toilets are the only areas that are not unisex or covered by the cameras," She went on. "Because a lot of members are staying on the island at the moment we have arranged coach travel from here to the Spa on Thursday. There will be a breakfast buffet here starting at 9 o'clock and the coach leaves for the Spa at 10 O'clock, spending the day there and getting back here around 5.00 in the afternoon. You should be there for about six hours. Do you fancy it?"
Mimi didn't hesitate. "Yes please."
Mel opened her laptop and added our names to the list.
"You've just made it," Mel said. "There are 40 places available and you have just got places 38 and 39."
"Will Mimi be the only woman there?" I asked. Mel looked at the list.
"No," Mel said, "there are three other couples and two single ladies but the women will be outnumbered around seven to one."
"That's how I like it," Mimi said. We all laughed
"Brandt's on the trip as well," Mel added.
During our conversation several people came over and thanked us for our performance at the theme night. Another bottle of wine arrived.
I asked Mel about the nudist beach. She said the club didn't recommend it as the 'sexual health' of the guys there couldn't be guaranteed.
"One of our most popular themes in the fantasy rooms revolves around public sex on a beach," she said. "I can arrange that for you and it is far safer."
I asked Mimi if she fancied it but she wasn't too keen. "We have a few places to re-visit before the end of our holiday."
Mimi and I danced with some of the people. We were all getting happily drunk. Mel was really enjoying the evening. She asked Mimi to dance. They danced to three or four songs and as I watched their moves got more intimate.
After they had danced a few times they came back to the table.
"Mel wants to take me upstairs," Mimi said to me.
"Do you want to?" I asked.
"I think I do," Mimi replied. "She said you can watch."
I turned to Mel and said "just make sure I get a copy of the recording."
She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek, thanking me as she led Mimi upstairs.
I sat drinking my wine when a couple came over and asked if they could join me. They introduced themselves; James and Abigail. I guessed they were both in their thirties. I could tell by their dress and confidence that they were a wealthy and happy couple.
"You really performed well last night," Abigail said, "you really have to be into exhibitionism to put on a show like that."
"Thanks," I replied, "but it was only role playing."
"Pull the other one," James said. "It was so natural and you loved it. I don't blame you; you're a fine looking couple."
I blushed. "Mimi loves showing off. She gets really turned on by it," I replied. "She loves getting naked in public places and being watched while having sex."
"Does she have other men?" Abigail asked.
"Only in my company," I answered.
"Doesn't that worry you?" James asked.
"It's usually me that encourages it." I replied." I get really turned on sharing her with other men."
"Do you have other women?" Abigail asked.
"No, not yet," I answered. "Our adventures tend to be spontaneous. On the couple of occasions that the opportunity has arisen, I didn't take my chances. Strange as it may sound, I love Mimi deeply and want to remain faithful to her."
"That's beautiful," Abigail said.
The pair of them went on to tell me that they live in Ascot and often attend one of the society Hotels just outside of Reading explaining that they held themed weekends.
"I think you and Mimi would really enjoy it." Abigail said. "Check it out on the website. It's called Winnersh Manor.
James passed me a business card telling me that they held occasional intimate parties.
"Get in touch if you would like to be invited," Abigail said. "I would have loved to have spoken with Mimi but we have to go now to catch our flight."
I took the card and wished them well.
"Hopefully we'll see you soon," James said as they left.
I ordered another bottle of wine. I was asked to dance a couple of times but declined nicely.
"Drinking on your own, Adonis?" Michelle asked as she sat at the table.
"Pardon," I said.
"Aphrodite and Adonis; that's what people were calling you last night," she went on. "Everyone was disappointed that you didn't stay after your show."
"Mimi was a bit pissed off with the emperor but that's been sorted now."
"Where is Mimi?" she asked
"She's helping Mel upstairs."
"And you didn't join them?"
"I was invited to watch but I thought Mimi should get it out her system."
"There's no chance Mimi will be turned even by an expert like Mel. You two are too loved up for that to happen."
"Thanks," I said, offering a wine. She declined.
"I better get back to work," she said.
Mimi and Mel came downstairs. They both seemed to be glowing; their hair damp from a recent shower.
"Hello ladies, do want a drink?" I asked. When they both nodded I ordered another bottle of wine.
They sat either side of me.
"Did you enjoy that?" I asked Mimi. She just smiled without answering.
"I thought I'd won her over," Mel said. "But I was wrong. After we had both enjoyed multiple orgasms, we lay back on the bed. Mimi kissed me and whispered in my ear. What did you say, Mimi?"
"I still prefer Cock." We all laughed
"Shall we get going? " I asked.
We went over the road to the bar to meet Joe. He was ready to go. He drove us back to the hotel.
"I'll pick you up at 11 O'clock in the morning." I just said OK.
He drove off.
"Are you tired?" I asked.
"Not in the slightest," Mimi replied.
"Do you want a drink in the bar?" I asked.
"Not really but I do need a shower," Mimi said.
We went back to the room.
"I'll see you on the balcony in ten minutes. Make sure mine is a large one," playfully cuffing me across the back of my head as she headed off to the bathroom.
I went to the kitchen and poured two very large measures of brandy taking them out to the balcony.
I sat there watching what was going on in the opposite rooms. Mimi appeared from the shower wrapped in a towel. She folded her towel and placed it on her chair.
I asked her what her time with Mel was like earlier.
"She is one sexy lady who certainly knew how to push my buttons and showed me how to push hers," Mimi said. "It was a memorable experience but I wasn't joking when I said I stilled preferred cock."
I asked her if she had any regrets about our second visit to Enrique's.
"None at all," she replied, "do you?"
"I should have been jealous but I loved it,"
"Go fill our glasses and bring Archie with you," She said. "It's time we had some fun on our own"
I refilled our glasses. The brandy was nearly gone. I took the drinks to the balcony. Mimi had already spread her legs over the arms of her chair and was stroking her pussy.
"Where's Archie?" she asked.
"Brandy first. He'll be here soon."
I went to my bag and retrieved 'Archie' and rinsed it off in the bathroom.
Returning to the balcony I knelt between Mimi's legs and licked her pussy.
"What speed would you like Archie to perform?" I asked.
"Shall we start at medium and see how things progress," she answered
I used her pussy juices to lubricate Archie and slowly pushed it into her anus. She squealed as she always does with any anal penetration.
I nibbled and sucked her clit. I pushed two fingers into her finding and rubbing her G spot. I could feel the vibrations and movement of Archie against my fingers. I pushed a third finger into her and increased the tempo of my thrusts.
I moved my other hand to her clit and started rubbing it vigorously. My hands were a blur as I finger fucked her. Mimi was twitching now. She arched her back and I was rewarded with a massive spray of her of her juices as she climaxed which soaked my hands, arms and chest.
I buried my face in her pussy enjoying the musky aroma while licking her juices.
Once she had calmed down Mimi asked me to stand in front of her, pulling me toward her so she could take my cock in her mouth. She gave me a teasing blow Job bringing me close to coming before easing off. She did this several times before finally taking my cock out of her mouth, leaving it standing upright against my lower stomach.
"Can you turn Archie up to full speed without taking it out?" Mimi asked.
"Yes I can," I replied kneeling in front of her. I set it to full speed.
"Oh, wow, that is great." Mimi sighed squirming in her seat. She stood up and led me to the balcony rail. She placed her hands on the rail and stood with her feet apart. I moved behind her and reached round and fondled her breasts. A few cameras flashed from the other apartments. I slowly entered her and started to gently thrust in to her. She pushed back against me. The feel from Archie's vibrations was bringing us both towards a climax.
"Faster," Mimi panted.
I ripped into her. I couldn't have been any quicker. I reached my climax exploding deep in Mimi's pussy. That was enough to send Mimi over the top and her juices ran free as she shuddered to another orgasm.
We sat back on the chairs and sipped our brandy. I reached between her legs, switching off Archie and slowly removing it from her anus.
Taking it from me Mimi kissed it saying "You could become my second best shag."
We finished our drinks and I lifted Mimi from her seat and laid her on the bed. We cuddled into each other and drifted off to sleep.
Day 11 Monday 12th July
I woke around 8 AM. Mimi was doing her starfish impression. I kissed her breast and worked my way down her body licking and kissing until I reached her clit. Kissing it lightly her shudder gave a lie to her pretence of still being asleep. We woke each other up as we passionately made love.
After a long kiss and a cuddle I got up and made tea.
We sat naked on the balcony.
"We've only a few days left now," Mimi said, "I don't want it to end."
"But if it became the norm you wouldn't enjoy it so much."
"That's true but I would try hard," she joked
"It doesn't have to stop at the end of the holiday," I replied. "As long as we're discreet we can still enjoy ourselves at home. The society opens all sorts of opportunities."
"Do you mean I can still be a slut when we get home?"
"Maybe just a little flirty tart,"
"I can do that."
"I need to top up our supplies for our last couple of days. I'll go to the shop after I've showered," I said heading to the bathroom.
"I'll join you," Mimi said following me to the shower.
After helping each other wash something came up and I didn't get to the shop as quickly as intended to.
I went to the supermarket and picked up what I thought we would need for our last few days making sure to get plenty of baby wipes as we seemed to be going through a lot of them.
As I got back to the room my phone bleeped. It was a message from Enrique. It just said you have email. Intrigued, I booted up the lap top while I put the shopping away.
The email was from a guy called Don who owns a live sex show theatre called The Pussy Cat Club that encourages audience participation. Enrique had told him about us and thought we might be interested in taking part in the big finale one night. He included Don's mobile number and a Video attachment named 'The Orgasmatron' I opened it. It was a very erotic scene and I knew straight away that Mimi would want to star in it. I phoned the number and spoke to Don. I said we'd like to take part and agreed we would go tomorrow night. He asked me where we were staying and he told me his club was within walking distance. He text me directions and I agreed we would be there by 8 O'clock.
"Who was on the phone?" Mimi asked.
"A friend of Enrique's."
"What did he want?"
"We've arranged a nice surprise for you tomorrow night."
"What is it?"
"If I told you that it wouldn't be a surprise."
Mimi had dressed quite conservatively by her standards wearing a floral knee length button through dress.
We got to the hotel entrance just as Joe and Bianca pulled up. They both got out of the car and we greeted each other warmly.
Are we going back to Poppy's?" Mimi asked.
"That was the intention," Joe replied, "but Bianca has come up with a better idea."
"I thought we like somewhere quieter," Bianca explained. "Where we're going is very quiet during the day; it's well off the tourist trail and none of the staff speak English but Joe and I speak enough Spanish to get us by."
"Sounds great," I said. "How did you come across it?"
"I mooch round the island in my car looking for places of interest to include in the Island tours I guide for," she explained. "You'd be surprised how much of the island remains unspoilt by tourism."
"She knows the hinterland of the Island better than me," Joe confirmed.
"But you know all the sleazy joints," Bianca retorted.
We all laughed.
"Shall we get going then?"Joe asked throwing the keys to Bianca. "She knows the way better than me."
Mimi got into the front passenger seat while Joe had the rare pleasure to sit in back alongside me.
"It'll take half an hour or so to get there." Bianca informed us.
We were now off the main roads and heading along single track country lanes. Conversation turned to the dogs and chickens that Bianca avoided running over. We even saw a couple of pigs wallowing in the noon day sun, something Mimi and I had never seen before.
We eventually pulled up outside what looked like a ramshackle dwelling.
"Don't be put off by initial impressions," Bianca said. "This is a lovely place. It has a beautiful garden at the back. We should eat there."
We went into the bar. It was remarkably clean. Bianca said something to the waitress in Spanish and we were shown to a table in the garden. Bianca was right; it was beautiful.
We were each given a menu but it was all in Spanish. Bianca asked if we were hungry or did we just want a light snack. We all said something light.
"Can I suggest we get a selection of Flaó; they are savoury pastries that have different fillings. If we're still hungry after that we can get some Ensaimadas; they're small croissants filled with chocolate or cream or other sweet fillings."
We all nodded. "What about drinks?" Bianca added.
"I'll drive back if you want a drink B" Joe offered.
"Maybe later," she replied," I'm just having coffee for now."
We all said we'd have coffee and Bianca placed the order. The coffee arrived promptly; big steaming mugs with a separate milk jug and a bowl of brown sugar, something you don't see that often anymore. The Flaó soon arrived. They were delicious.
We had a lazy lunch in beautiful surroundings
"Shall we should go to Poppies for cocktails and dinner," Joe suggested. We all agreed.
"Bianca, can you ask the waitress to take a photo of us?" I asked. "It is a pretty location." I passed my Camcorder to the waitress as we posed for a group shot. The waitress passed me my camcorder back and, using sign language I asked for the bill.
I settled up and added a generous tip and we headed to the car.
We arrived at Poppy's just as happy hour was starting. Poppy greeted us warmly. We found a table on the terrace and ordered cocktails all round, with Joe sticking to the Mocktails.
Poppy joined us at the table.
"Have you enjoyed your holiday?" she asked Mimi.
"I certainly have," Mimi replied. "I don't want it to end."
"You'll have to come back soon.
"What's the special today?" Bianca asked
"Bullit de peix," Poppy replied
"My favourite," Bianca cooed.
"What is it?" Mimi asked
"It's a fish stew," Poppy said, "but that doesn't do it justice. It has about a dozen different types of fish and seafood all fresh from the port this morning. Add some spuds to give it body and a few local spices to give it a bit of a bite."
"That sounds delicious," I said. We all agreed to try it.
The waitress brought out four large bowls and spoons followed by a huge platter of still warm homemade bread.
Five minutes later the chef carried out an enormous soup Tureen and placed in the centre of the table. He made a speech of sorts in Spanish. Bianca and Joe smiled and said gracias. Even though we didn't understand what was said we both followed their lead.
Bianca explained that the chef had listed the ingredients; shell fish, squid, octopus and half a dozen different types of fish.
"Shall I play mother?" Joe asked filling each of our bowls.
It truly was delicious. We all made pigs of ourselves. I gave up after three bowlfuls but Joe and the girls kept going until it was all gone.
"I don't think we'll need to eat anymore today," I commented.
I asked the waitress to take a photo of the four of us with the tureen as the centrepiece. As I put the camcorder back in the bag I noticed the flyer about Wednesday night at O'Connor's.
"Do you fancy this on Wednesday?" I said passing the flyer to Bianca.
Bianca showed it to Joe and they both started laughing. Hunting through her bag Bianca pulled out the same flyer.
"We were going to ask you the same thing," Bianca said
"We know Steve and the band well," Joe said. "We usually do a guest spot at some point,"
"We both play guitar and sing a few songs," Bianca explained."These acoustic nights tend to end up as open mike nights as the great and the good of Ibiza's aging hippies and folksy types descend on the place. That's why it starts so early. It's usually a scream."
"Nick plays guitar," Mimi said.
"I can knock a few tunes out," I agreed.
"Don't be modest," Mimi retorted, "he's pretty talented."
"I've got a spare guitar if you want me to bring it on Wednesday," Joe said.
"I'll give it a go," I replied, "I don't suppose you have a flute or a clarinet knocking about. Mimi's good on most of the woodwind instruments."
"Yes, I'm pretty good at blowing things," Mimi said. We all fell about laughing.
"So what are your plans for tonight?" I asked.
"I have a new all day tour tomorrow," Bianca said. "Much as I'd like to go clubbing I need to study the itinerary tonight so I can do my job tomorrow."
I was impressed with her dedication to her work.
"We'll have a good night on Wednesday," I said."Just drop us off at the hotel and enjoy the rest of your evening."
As Joe drove us back to the hotel Mimi and Bianca were entwined in each other's arms.
We pulled up outside our hotel.
I shook Joe's hand. The girls were having a good snog. They finally got out of the car. Bianca gave me an X-rated hug and kiss before getting into the front of the car with Joe. We waved as they drove off.
I pulled Mimi into a big hug.
"What time is it?" she asked me.
"It's only 6:30," I replied. "Let's have a drink in the bar and decide what to do for the evening."
"I've had no cock since this morning," Mimi said. "Whatever the plans I want you to fuck me at least twice."
"I'm sure I can manage that," I replied laughing.
We headed into the bar and spotted Troy and Dean sitting on their own and looking very forlorn.
We went and sat with them.
"What's the matter?"Mimi asked.
"It's our last night and we're spent up," Dean said.
"Other than the foam party and your balcony shows this holiday has been a disaster," Troy added
"What went wrong?" I asked.
"It was our first time away on our own and we well underestimated how much spending money we'd need." Dean went on, "We've been penny pinching from day one."
"The best day out we've had was at the foam party and you paid for that," Troy said, "and we never really thanked you for it."
"As long as you enjoyed it that's all that matters," Mimi replied, "where have you been eating?"
"We're half board," Dean said "so we've had breakfast and evening meals here every day."
"I'm surprised you're still alive," I joked, "we ate there the first night and it was pretty poor."
"It's not that bad," Troy said, "and we've developed a taste for the wine."
"Do prefer red or white," I asked. They both said white simultaneously. "I'll be right back," I said and headed to the bar.
I ordered a litre carafe of house white, assuming it would be the same as that served in the restaurant. The barman asked me how many glasses and said he would bring it over.
The barman brought the wine over and filled our glasses.
"So we've got a long evening ahead," Dean said, "and an even longer day tomorrow as we have to check out by ten o'clock and we don't get picked up until seven in the evening."
"You'll just have to spend the time with us," I said. "We have nothing planned for tonight."
"We've got no money," Troy said
"You don't need any money," Mimi said, "So what has disappointed you about the holiday."
They both went quiet.
"You don't have to be shy with me and Nick," Mimi said.
"Okay," Dean said, "We were hoping we might get laid."
"The closest we got," Troy went on "was a bit of a fumble at the foam party"
I looked at Mimi and I could tell from the look on her face what our plans for the evening were.
I ordered another carafe of wine.
"If I ask you a personal question," Mimi said to the twins "do you promise to answer it honestly."
They both nodded.
"Have you ever had sex?" she asked
They both shook their heads.
"It's nothing to be ashamed about," I said
Mimi asked them what experience they had. Dean said he had a girlfriend but it never went beyond kissing. Troy admitted that he hadn't even had a girlfriend. They both admitted to being a little shy and lacking confidence around girls.
"We'll have to see what we can do about that," Mimi said.
While we finished our wine we talked about their home life. They were both labourers on their parents' remote farm in the Yorkshire dales. It seemed they could go a week or more without seeing anyone outside the immediate family; no wonder they were shy. Their upbringing could not be any more different to the privileged lifestyle Mimi and I had led.
"Have you eaten, yet?" I asked them. They said they had.
"Are you packed?" Mimi asked.
"Just about," Troy said.
"Do you have a pack of cards?"Mimi asked them.
"We have," Dean replied, "we've played a lot of cards this week."
"Let's go up to our room," Mimi suggested. "You can get the cards on the way and we can play a few games."
We finished our wine and headed for the lifts. Mimi linked the twins' arms. They straightened up and actually started smiling.
When we got out of the lift Troy and Dean went to their room to get the playing cards.
"Bring your phones," I said.
As we entered our room Mimi asked me if I was going to help educate the boys. I told her she didn't need my help but I would be there if required.
"You need to put them at their ease," Mimi said.
"A few more wines and a good measure of Duroen will do that," I said. "If you need me to show them how to fuck you I think I could oblige."
We both laughed as she cuffed my ear.
"I really want to show them how to please a woman," Mimi said.
"It's only 7:30 so you have plenty of time," I said, "I'll help you in any way I can but I think you will be the main focus of attention."
I re-arranged the lounge furniture so the couch was facing the coffee table. I placed the armchair on the opposite side.
There was a knock on the door. Mimi answered the door while I poured three large glasses of Duroen, as I decided I was only going to be an observer, and four large white wines.
Mimi led the twins to the couch as I placed the drinks on the table.
Mimi lifted her Duroen and told the twins to do the same.
"This will help you relax and enjoy the evening," I said. The three of them knocked it back.
"We've been keeping a video diary of our holiday," Mimi said. "Do you mind if Nick records?"
Neither of them objected.
"If you give me your phones I can take a few photos for you as the evening progresses," I said.
They both handed me their phones.
"Do you boys play poker?" Mimi asked.
"I don't understand it," Troy said
"I'll make it simple," Mimi said. "You deal one each and the lowest card loses."
"That seems simple enough," Dean said
"Let's make it more interesting," Mimi said. "If either of you lose I have to remove an item of your clothing. If I lose you have to remove an item of my clothing."
"Is Nick not playing?" Troy asked.
"I'm the referee and photographer," I said. "You enjoy the game."
Mimi took the cards out of the box and shuffled them. She dealt the first round and Troy lost. Mimi took his flip flops off and passed the cards to him. "Your deal," She said.
Mimi lost and the twins removed her sandals. Mimi dealt again and lost again.
"You'll have to take my dress off," she said lying back on the couch.
With trembling fingers Dean and Troy undid the buttons of Mimi's dress. Once the buttons were all undone Mimi sat up and shrugged her dress off of her shoulders revealing her breasts. Lifting her bottom she removed the dress and threw it aside. She was now sat between the twins wearing nothing but a thong.
"Can I touch your tits?" Troy asked.
"Not yet," Mimi answered, "we have a game to finish."
Mimi dealt the cards. Dean lost and Mimi took his T shirt off. Hard labour had given him a good body.
Dean dealt the cards. Mimi lost again.
"Looks like I've got to lose my thong," Mimi said. "Should I take it off or do want to do it for me."
They both moved in close and hooked their thumbs in the sides of her already damp thong and peeled it from her pussy and down her legs and over her ankles.
"It looks like I've lost," Mimi said. "Do you two want to keep playing or should I just help you get undressed." Troy put the cards back in the box.
Mimi helped them out of their remaining clothes. They stood awkwardly in front of her. They were both ripped and both were really well hung.
"You're in the wrong line of work, boys," Mimi said smiling. "The girls of Ibiza don't know what they've missed out on." The comment went right over their heads.
"I'm going to enjoy robbing you of your innocence," Mimi told them, "but first let's take a shower so we all smell and taste fresh."
She led them into the bathroom. I stood in the doorway with the camcorder recording proceedings.
Mimi turned the shower on and the three of them squeezed in. They started washing each other down.
"Lesson one," Mimi said, "gentle caressing; no grabbing. Let me show you." she gently soaped their chests. The twins followed her lead and were soon gently washing her breasts.
Mimi moved her hands down to their cocks. The twins were clearly excited. When I saw the size of their erections I was glad that I wasn't taking part; they put me to shame.
"I may have bitten off more than I can chew," Mimi said quietly.
She allowed the boys to wash her arse cheeks and pussy ensuring there was no penetration. After they had helped each other dry off Mimi led them back to the lounge telling them to bring their towels with them. The boys followed Mimi's lead of spreading their towels on the couch then sat either side of her. We all had a drink of wine.
"Kissing, licking and touching are a vital part of love making; even a gentle nibble," Mimi told the boys. "Anyone can have a quick fuck and enjoy it but making love is far more satisfying and far more rewarding. I can only show you what I like Nick to do to me. You will need to experiment with your next partner.
She kissed Dean on the lips. "Gently," she said. I could see she was pushing her tongue into his mouth. His cocked twitched as he pushed his tongue into Mimi's mouth. She turned to Troy. He wanted to be a little more forceful but she calmed him down.
"I'm going to do something to you that I want you to repeat on me when I've finished," Mimi said.
She nibbled Troy's ear, then kissed his neck running her tongue his chest and finally sucking his nipple. She repeated the action on Dean.
"Now you do that to me," Mimi said." But take your time and be gentle." They did as they were told and were rewarded by some slight shudders from Mimi and two very erect nipples.
"My nipples are very sensitive," Mimi said, "but I have a far more sensitive spot." She reached down and gently rubbed her clit. The twins were watching closely.
Mimi took Troy's hand and guided his fingers to her clit. She twitched slightly as he found the spot.
"Just rub it gently," Mimi instructed. She moved his hand back to her breast and guided Dean's hand to her clit. She let him stroke her a little then asked him if he wanted to kiss her there. He knelt between Mimi's legs. He seemed reluctant until Mimi placed a hand on the back of his head and pulled him to her. "Suck it like you did my nipple," she instructed. She let out a little moan as he did as she asked. "Rub your tongue along my pussy lips," Mimi prompted. Again he did as she asked tentatively at first but with growing confidence.
"It's your brother's turn now," Mimi said. Troy took his place and replicated his brother's actions. Mimi was beginning to tremble. She pushed Troy's head away but took his hand and placed it on her pussy. She spread her pussy lips and guided two of his fingers into her now sopping vagina. Holding his wrist she showed him how to finger fuck her. She asked Dean to rub her clit.
The twins were bringing Mimi close to orgasm now. "Faster," she demanded. They both sped up.
Mimi arched her back as she came and squirted her juices over Troy's hand and arm.
Mimi slumped back onto the couch. The twins looked worried that something was wrong until Mimi said "That was wonderful. You're learning quickly."
Mimi knelt on the floor between them and told them to move closer together. She took their cocks in her hands and slowly rubbed up and down the length of them.
"I don't think you boys realise what enormous cocks you have compared to the norm," Mimi said. "You will have to be gentle with me when you fuck me later." They both beamed. "Now sit back and relax. I'm going to make you come now so don't hold back."
I was still clicking away with the twins camera phones. Although still turned on I was fascinated how Mimi, a relatively inexperienced lover, was showing these two boys what was required of them; after all she was only a couple of years older than them.
The boys sat back on the couch as Mimi jerked them faster. She licked along the length of Dean's cock before taking the tip between her lips. His cock seemed to have swelled even more. Mimi took more of his length into her mouth but could only manage about a third of it. Besides the abnormal length the girth was such that Mimi had to open her mouth as wide as possible to accommodate it.
She moved her lips up and down on Dean's cock before turning her attention to Troy. If anything he was the slightly larger of the two. She ran her tongue down the length of his shaft pausing at the base to suck one of his testicles. Troy was shaking and it was obvious he was close to coming already. Mimi placed the head of his cock on her lower lip and started rapidly jerking him. He arched his back pushing his cock further into Mimi's mouth as he pumped his semen into her. The sheer quantity of his semen and the room taken by his large cock meant that Mimi had no chance of containing it all and she actually gagged as his jizz leaked from her mouth and ran down his cock.
She turned her attention to Dean who had been stroking his cock while watching Mimi perform on Troy. Not wishing to be nearly choked again she asked Dean to tell her when he was ready to come. He nodded. She went to work on him jerking him while taking as much of his length into her mouth as she could. She moved her head up and down quickly jerking him with her hand and her lips. He arched his back and told Mimi he was coming. She withdrew cock from her mouth. She jerked him to a climax directing ribbon after ribbon of semen onto her face.
She sat back between them on the couch licking semen from her lips while more dripped onto her breasts. She put an arm round both of them. I snapped off a few photos.
We drank some more wine. Mimi told the twins to go through to bedroom and told them she would join them after cleaning up a little.
Mimi used a towel to wipe her face. "Are you ok with this?" She asked me.
"I am if you are," I replied. She gave me a long kiss, picked up the towels and went to the bathroom for some baby oil before joining the boys in the bedroom.
I turned on the cameras. I filled my wine glass and took my drink, the twins' cameras and the camcorder to the balcony via the lounge access. I positioned my chair so I could watch what was going on in the bedroom and check out any activity in the rooms opposite.
I heard Mimi tell the twins to repeat what they had done to her in the living room. They were more confident now and soon had Mimi in the zone. They were both incredibly excited and it was obvious that they wanted to take it to the next level.
Mimi laid them on their backs and knelt between them taking them both in hand before giving each of them a short blow job.
She poured some baby oil into her hands and lubricated Troy's erection. It had to be at least ten inches long and nearly two inches in diameter.
Mimi straddled his hips. "I need to take this slowly," she said. Guiding the head of his cock to her vagina she eased an inch or so into her. Rocking back and forth she slowly lowered herself further onto his cock until she had it all inside her.
Placing her hands on his chest she started slowly riding his cock.
"Please let me know when you are about to come," Mimi whispered to Troy as she picked up the pace. "I'll try," he replied between gasps.
Mimi rode up and down the full length of his erection. I was amazed it did not hurt her but she was really getting off on it as she rode faster and faster.
"Now, now," Troy croaked. Mimi raised herself off of him and taking his cock in her hand aimed his jets of semen at her breasts. His ejaculation was so powerful that some hit her face and neck.
Mimi used a towel to wipe the worst of the semen from her face, neck and breasts. She went to the bathroom and came back with a robe. Asking Dean to stand up she spread the robe on the bed, laid back on it and beckoned Dean to kneel between her spread legs.
"Please lick my clit and finger me like you did before," she asked him. He complied. She let him get her close. "I want you to enter me now but please do it slowly and gently," Mimi pleaded.
She opened her legs even wider and reached between her legs and parted her pussy lips. Dean placed the end on his cock between her now gaping lips. Mimi crossed her legs behind his buttocks and slowly pulled him deeper into her.
"You saw how I rode Troy," Mimi whispered to him, now I want you to do the same to me."
Dean started slowly but was soon pumping in and out picking up speed all the while. As he neared his climax he went to pull out but Mimi clamped her legs around him. He emptied his semen deep in Mimi's pussy. That was enough to send Mimi over the edge as she experienced another shuddering orgasm. When she finally let Dean remove his cock a large amount of jizz dripped out of Mimi's Pussy onto the robe.
The three of them cuddled in together. It looked like they were going to sleep.
I went to the kitchen and topped my wine up. I could see through the bedroom door that the three of them were now kissing and groping. The boys had certainly learned their earlier lessons as Mimi was certainly enjoying their attention.
I took my wine out to the balcony just as a light in one of the rooms opposite came on. Other than the balcony couple on our first night we hadn't witnessed anything else.
A couple appeared in the balcony doorway. They didn't come out on to their balcony but started undressing each other. I turned the camcorder on them. The zoom was powerful enough that I could have been stood directly outside their window. The couple were soon naked and petting heavily. The woman leaned against the glass while her partner took her from behind. They moved to the bed. I only had a partial view but could make out they were having sex. I was just about to look away when they changed position. The woman mounted her partner facing the balcony door. I now had a full length view of her as she rode her partner. It was probably wishful thinking on my part but it looked like she was looking at me and smiling. My erection was tenting my shorts. After a few more minutes their light went off. Whether they wanted to be watched or knew they were being watched remains a mystery but I know it turned me on incredibly. 'Maybe I just like watching full stop,' I thought to myself.
I looked back into the bedroom. Mimi was riding Troy's cock while blowing Dean. After a few minutes the twins swapped places. Mimi was still in control but if the boys had been more experienced they could easily have taken over as Mimi still wanted more.
She climbed off of Dean and lay back on the robe.
"I want you both to fuck me one more time," Mimi said, "but I want you to come on my face and in my mouth. Can you do that for me?" They both nodded vigorously."Please be gentle,"
Troy positioned himself between Mimi's legs and slowly entered her. As he pumped in and out of her Dean kissed her breasts and rubbed her clit. Mimi was really flying. Troy was pumping faster and faster. Mimi was moaning, I hoped in ecstasy and not from pain because of the size of the cock assaulting her.
Troy withdrew from Mimi and knelt next her head. Mimi opened her mouth as he filled her mouth and covered her face with his come.
Dean went down on Mimi and licked her clit and pussy before entering her. He was much gentler than Troy but seemed to have learnt what was required as he varied the depth and speed of his plunges. He had nearly brought Mimi to the brink when he withdrew and covered her face with ribbon after ribbon of semen. Mimi used her finger to scrape as much of his semen into her mouth as she could.
She needed to finish herself off. She vigorously stroked her clit while rapidly fingering herself. She soon arched her back and squirted a huge stream of her juices. She fell back on the bed drained.
"I think it's time to go," I said, "Mimi needs some rest now. Bring your luggage through in the morning and we can decide what to do with the rest of the day after you've had breakfast and checked out." I handed them their phones. "The photos are for you only. Please don't share them."
They promised they wouldn't.
They went through to the lounge and pulled their clothes on. They both thanked me; as they left Dean leant over Mimi and kissed her semen covered lips and thanked her.
"Do you want a drink, Mimi?" I asked.
"Can I have a brandy, please?" she asked.
I went through to the kitchen and poured two generous measures and took them to the balcony where Mimi, having wiped her face was sitting naked. I passed her drink to her. She rested her head on my shoulder.
"Were you ok with what went on tonight?" she asked.
"I didn't really get turned on by it," I said honestly, "but I was impressed at what a good teacher you are."
"They are big boys," Mimi said, "I only just managed to take it all but it was very stimulating. Dean is going to make a great lover."
"Are you planning to fuck them all day tomorrow?" I asked her.
"Of course not," she laughed, "NOT all day. I'm a bit sore after tonight"
"Can I kiss it better for you?" I asked.
"Only if you promise to fuck my arse," she said brazenly
We finished our drinks and went to bed.
Day 12 Tuesday 13th July
I was up and showered bright and early the next morning which was just as well as the twins knocked on the door at 7:30. Mimi was still asleep, naked on the bed.
"Can we leave our cases here while we go for breakfast and check out?" Dean asked. I told them to take them through to the lounge. "You're keen," I commented.
"The food's better the earlier you get there," Troy told me. Mimi was awake if a bit bleary eyed. She gave them both a kiss as they left the apartment.
"I'm going in the shower," Mimi said. "Put the kettle on."
I went to the lounge and booted up the lap top before putting the kettle on.
Returning to the lounge area I switched on the camera console. I had decided to download all the recordings on the console onto memory sticks in case it got confiscated by the customs when we got home. It didn't take long to get it going and it wouldn't take long to download everything as there was a port for each camera and the master. I retrieved the cameras from the bedroom and put them in their charging slots.
"What are you doing?" Mimi asked coming through to the lounge and sitting on the couch surprisingly wearing a robe.
I made our tea and explained about making sure we didn't lose any recordings.
She asked me what we were doing today.
"Nothing planned," I replied
Mimi said we needed to make the twins realise just how well endowed they were.
"I'm not letting them compare theirs to mine," I said laughing. "I could show them some porn so they can see how they measure up to the professionals. Or I could show them our display in the back street bar. "
"The porn would help. I take it you're joking about showing them me getting gangbanged" Mimi said.
"It would demonstrate how big the average cock is and it's not like they haven't seen you getting up to all sorts" I responded.
"It would be quite horny as well," Mimi replied, "But I still think they are wasted working on a farm in the middle of nowhere."
I said that they may be happy with their life.
"Only because they know nothing else," Mimi said.
"We're not king makers," I said.
"Can you imagine how popular they would be at one of the clubs," Mimi said. "There would be rich old women fighting over them."
"Have you thought they may not want that?"
"We'll have to ask them when they've finished breakfast."
"Let's do it subtly." I said.
I checked how the downloading was going on the console and was pleasantly surprised to see it was complete. I plugged each memory stick into the laptop to confirm that the content had been downloaded correctly then erased the memory on the console.
Mimi had taken her tea to the balcony so I joined her there.
"Besides making them aware of their size," I said, "we also need to make them realise that they will need to work hard on finding the right sort of partner for them. Not all women will be as willing a teacher as you have been."
"That's another good reason to get them out into the big wide world," Mimi said.
"We can only make them aware," I replied. "You also have to remember that they don't have the wealth that we take for granted."
"I just feel so sorry for them," Mimi said. "This holiday was supposed to be their time to grow up but it just hasn't happened for them."
"I think they might disagree after last night," I replied. "Maybe they might be out of their depth in a different environment. That seems to be the case during their holiday. Perhaps they would be happier back in their normal surroundings."
The conversation was stopped by a knock on the door. It was the twins returning from their breakfast.
I let them in and put the 'do not disturb' sign on the outside door knob.
"Did you have a nice breakfast?" Mimi asked.
"They had proper bacon today," Dean said as if it was the highlight of the week.
I made us all tea and we sat round the dining table making small talk. I asked them where about their farm was. Dean told me they were about twenty-five from Ripon and Thirsk.
"Do you ever get to visit those towns?" Mimi asked.
"Sometimes on Market days but we never get to do anything other than the farm business," Troy said.
"Do you ever wish for something other than life on the farm?" I asked.
"Oh Christ, yes," Troy said. "I saw something on the local news about people sleeping rough in Leeds. Although I realised they were having a hard time I envied their freedom.
"I appreciate what Mum and Dad have done for us," Dean went on, " But TV and what we've learnt on this holiday has shown me I really want more than working on a struggling farm but I do feel I owe something to the family."
I realised that Mimi was right and these boys needed to be let loose in the world. Whether they sink or swim was up to them.
I was wondering how to broach the subject about their size when Dean asked Mimi what she meant when she said that he and his brother had huge cocks.
"They are bigger than average," Mimi said.
"Let me show you some porn. These guys are used because they are big," I said.
I moved the couch in front of the desk. We squeezed on to the couch with Mimi sitting on my lap.
I found some porn. Two guys were double teaming a blond girl.
"Look at the size of their cocks compared to yours." Mimi said, "You're bigger than them."
They both gave a nod.
I showed them some more and they had to agree that they were better endowed than most of these porn stars.
"That's comparing you to the professionals," I said. "You need to see what average guys are like to really understand how well endowed you are."
I searched the videos for the back street bar gang bang. I explained that it was an amateur recording but they would see how the average guy stacked up.
I played the recording. The twins were agog. It took a while to register with them.
"Is that you, Mimi?" Dean asked. She nodded showing no embarrassment.
"It's one of our holiday videos," I confirmed, "but compare your size to those guys." Neither replied but they were transfixed by the video.
I was really turned on and my hard on was pushing against Mimi's bum. She lifted herself in my lap so I could move her robe out of the way. I slipped my cock into her and she responded by slowly moving up and down on me.
The twins were so engrossed in the video they didn't realise I was getting a slow fuck from Mimi.
"Can you see how much bigger you are than those guys?" Mimi asked them. They both nodded.
She shrugged off her robe. "Are you going to show me again?"
I carried on slowly pumping into Mimi. The twins groped and kissed her nipples. This wasn't the plan for the morning but I was enjoying it and went with the flow. Mimi was stroking them through their shorts.
The four of us stood up. I took off my robe as the twins undressed. I sat Mimi in the middle of the couch and buried my face in her pussy. The boys sat each side of her kissing her and caressing her breasts.
I was determined to make Mimi come. I really went to work with my tongue, lips and fingers. Mimi was jerking the boys but I wanted to give her her first orgasm of the day. I sucked and nibbled her clit and rapidly finger fucked her until I knew she was nearly there. I drove my cock into her and pounded her until she shuddered to a climax. I pulled out and shot my load on Mimi's face.
I realised I was marking my territory like some feral animal and felt a bit embarrassed. I need not have done as Mimi wiped her face and pulled me close and kissed me deeply. "You're my only love," she whispered.
I pulled my robe on and moved away.
"Size isn't everything "Mimi said to the boys, "but it sure gets you noticed."
"Do you want to fuck me one more time before you go home?" Mimi asked.
It was a silly question as they both nodded vigorously. Mimi led them through to the bedroom.
I left them to enjoy their selves.
I phoned Joe to and asked him what he knew about the Pussy Cat club. He told me it was basically a live sex show with audience participation. I told him Enrique had suggested Don should get in touch with us about taking part in one of his shows.
"Don's an ok guy but a bit eccentric," Joe told me. "His Missus is the brains of the outfit but you might not even realise she's there."
"So you think we should go?" I asked.
"Mimi would love it almost certainly," Joe replied. "It's only a ten or fifteen minute walk from where you're staying."
I told him Don had sent me directions and we intended going this evening.
"Turn left out of the hotel, take the second left and the first right." Joe said. "It looks a dingy little alleyway but you'll see the sign just after the dog leg."
"Thanks for that," I replied. I explained that we were staying local today and tomorrow and asked what time he wanted to get to O'Connor's tomorrow night.
"I'll pick you up at 6:30 if that's ok," he asked. I said that was fine. We said our goodbyes and I ended the call.
I signed into C&B scene and searched for Clubs in Yorkshire. There were quite a few but most interestingly there was one in Ripon. I clicked on their link. The pictures showed it to be a large country mansion and the description showed it to have many similar facilities to the one in Ibiza.
The manager was listed as Emma Gordon. There was a link to her e mail address.
I sent her an e mail explaining who I was and included my membership number. I told her that we have met two twins that might be an asset to her club. I attached a still shot from the previous evening that showed Troy and Dean in all their glory. I explained that they were a little naive but said that they had proved to be quick learners. I added my mobile number and said she could call me if she wanted to. I sent the e mail.
My phone rang within five minutes. Once we had both established who we were talking to, Emma said that the twins certainly had potential. I explained that they worked on the family farm about 25 miles from her club. I also explained that it wasn't definite that they would be interested. We agreed that I could give them Emma's mobile and they should ring her if they were interested.
I thanked her and told her we would make a point of visiting sometime.
I added Emma's number to my Contacts.
I picked up my robe and went through to the bathroom. Mimi was still entertaining the twins. I had a long shower and went back through to the lounge.
Mimi and the twins were sat round the table drinking tea. I made myself a cup and joined them.
"Listen men," I said, "this may interest you."
I told them about the club network without going into too much detail. I told them that I had spoken to the manager of the club in Ripon and told them that there may be an opportunity for them if they wanted to look into it.
"It would be a complete change to your current lifestyle and you may not be ready for it yet," I said, "but I think it is only fair you have the opportunity."
They asked all sorts of questions and Mimi and I did our best to answer them without compromising the society.
"I think you should seriously think about it," Mimi said.
I gave them Emma's number and made them promise not to give it to anyone else.
They spoke about it between their selves. Troy was very keen but Dean was worried about how the farm would fare if they left.
Troy said something quite profound; "The farm is Mum and dad's dream. Should we sacrifice our own dreams to keep theirs going?"
"You're right," Dean said. "We'll ring Emma next week."
"I think that would be a wise move," Mimi said. "If it works out well you will make enough money to help your parent's hire other staff."
The topic moved onto more general things. Mimi excused herself and went for another shower.
We talked about football. They were both Leeds fans. I told them I was a Liverpool fan. When they asked me why I chose Liverpool I told them of my mum's links to the club.
Mimi rejoined us looking radiant as always.
Troy went for a shower and Dean followed on when he had finished.
The four of us were sat round the table.
"I think it's late enough for a glass of wine," I said, "anyone joining me?" They all said yes.
I poured four large glasses of white wine and was grateful that I had got an extra box on my last visit to the supermarket.
The twins asked us how we had met and I was happy for Mimi to tell them the story.
I excused myself saying I needed to send a couple of e mails and went to the desk.
"Anyone want more wine?" I asked; there were nods all round. I got the box from the fridge and topped our glasses.
"What sort of music do you like?" Mimi asked the twins.
They both looked at each other and shrugged.
"We haven't heard much," Dean said.
"I've heard more music this week than I have in the rest of my life," Troy said.
"Have you never danced?" Mimi asked again
"Only at Christmas with my Mum and my kid sister," Troy said.
"I tried a couple of times while we've been here but they all said no," Dean added.
'You should have shown them your cock' I thought to myself smiling.
"Put some music on, Nick," Mimi said. "We can have a boogie. No more sex though."
I selected a set called 'Mimi's favourites'. I pushed the furniture to the walls to create a dance area and topped up our drinks
Mimi got the twins to their feet. Their attempts at dancing were painful to watch.
Mimi grabbed me and we showed them how we danced. She then tried to show them how to dance. We were all laughing out loud as we all fell over each other, treading on each other's feet and generally making fools of ourselves. I kept the wine flowing and we were enjoying ourselves as the dancing continued. Troy and Dean both had the occasional grope but Mimi made sure it didn't get heavy.
"I think Troy and Dean would rather watch another of our holiday videos," I suggested.
"Which one do you suggest?" Mimi asked.
"How about our second visit to Enrique's," I said smiling.
"That's a bit naughty," Mimi said laughing.
"Ask them if they want to watch it."
"You're a bad man Nick Stevens," Mimi said giggling. "Do you boys want to watch another of my gangbangs?"
They both nodded vigorously.
We moved the furniture back so the couch was in front of the laptop.
I selected the recording. "There are a lot more men involved in this one so it quite long," I explained. "We won't have time to watch it all. When you're comfortable just press the enter button. Feel free to play with yourselves"
Dean pressed the enter key. The very graphic video started. The twins couldn't tear their eyes away from it.
I and Mimi watched standing behind the couch. I opened her robe so I could fondle and kiss her breasts. I slid a hand down to her pussy. I stroked her labia and tweaked her clit. She was already a little wet. I thought she might push me away but she did exactly the opposite. She dropped her robe and turning to face me pushed mine of off my shoulders. She knelt in front of me and sucked my growing erection.
When I was fully hard Mimi leaned her elbows on the back of the couch.
I moved behind her and pushed my cock into her pussy.
"Are you enjoying the video, boys?" Mimi asked.
They both watched in awe
"Did you have all those men in one day?" Dean asked.
"Keep watching," Mimi replied, "There were plenty more."
I held Mimi by the hips and thrust into her. She continued talking to Troy and Dean about the events in Enrique's. This was a real horny situation as Mimi went into detail about what happened to her during the filming. The sheer eroticism of the situation was too much for me and I came deep inside Mimi's pussy.
I tapped Troy on the shoulder and beckoned him to the back of the couch.
"Take my place," I whispered to him as I pulled out of Mimi.
Troy moved behind Mimi and gently pushed his huge cock into Mimi's pussy. She gave an audible moan. Dean looked up. Mimi kissed him and told him his turn would come. "Concentrate on the film for now." She said to him. "Keep that cock hard, I'll want it soon." He went back to watching the video and stroking his cock.
Troy was gently fucking Mimi.
"Faster," Mimi said. "Deep as it will go. Come in my pussy."
Troy gave it free rein and was thrusting in and out of her at incredible speed. I was worried he would do her an injury but Mimi was really enjoying it.
She was almost screaming at Troy to come inside her. He duly obliged. Mimi was trembling. As Troy withdrew his semen dripped out of her pussy. She caught some on her fingers and raised them to her mouth so she could taste his cum.
She grabbed Dean's hair. "Come and finish me off, I need your cock."
He didn't need any second bidding and was soon pushing deep into Mimi's Pussy.
Troy and I stood either side of them groping Mimi's breasts.
Dean matched his brother's speed and had Mimi shrieking. She had a body shaking orgasm and would have collapsed if I and Troy hadn't held her up. Dean was still pumping hard. Mimi was gasping and had another smaller climax as Dean came inside her.
The four of us took turns to shower again.
"We need to eat," I said.
"Let's take the boys to Rosa's for a late lunch," Mimi suggested. "What do you want me to wear for my surprise tonight?" she asked.
"Something very sexy that takes a little while to take off," I replied.
"Does that mean I'll be getting my kit off?"
"It's a safe bet," I replied. She beamed as she went through to the bedroom to get dressed.
I told the boys the plan about a late lunch and they both apologized about having no money. I told them it wasn't a problem.
I went through to the bedroom and pulled on a pair of shorts and a T shirt. I went back into the lounge and turned off all the equipment.
Mimi came back to the lounge. She had outdone herself on the sexy dressing scale.
She had paired a tight fitting boob tube with a mid thigh length flared skirt. What really set it off was a pair of white stockings. The stockings were hold-ups with nice lacy tops that were occasionally on display as she moved or sat down.. She looked incredible horny.
"Fuck me," Troy said, "you look really sexy."
"Excuse my brothers language," Dean said, "But I have to agree with him."
"Do you want a photo?" Mimi asked.
The boys passed me their phones. I took a couple of shots of the three of them.
"You may as well have one last grope of my boobs," Mimi said. I took some more shots as they accepted her invite.
I gave them their phones back. "For your eyes only," I said. "Let's go eat."
We sat on the terrace at Rosa's looking at the menu.
"Have you tried any Spanish food while you've been here?" i asked the boys.
"Only the stuff in the hotel restaurant," Dean said, "and most of that was crap."
"Right," I said," time you tasted some real Spain."
I called Lisa over and explained that I wanted to go through the Tapas menu for the four of us.
"That's a lot of food," Lisa said.
"Keep them coming four at a time until we tell you to stop," I said laughing. "Can we have a litre carafe of the house white as well, please?"
We managed sixteen between us and another carafe of wine. The twins enjoyed most of them and ate hungrily even though they had had breakfast.
Time passed quickly and when it reached 6 o'clock I suggested that it was time for the boys to get ready for their transfer. I paid the bill and we made our way back to the apartment.
Mimi went to the bathroom to freshen up. I gave Troy and Dean 80 Euros each.
"You'll need some money at the airport and on the plane. Get your Mum a little present" I suggested.
They both thanked me profusely.
Mimi came into the lounge and gave them both a kiss.
"Make sure you ring Emma," Mimi told them, "It could be a great career move."
They promised they would. I called Mimi into the Kitchen area and handed her a shot of Duroen.
"You might need this for later," I said mysteriously. We both knocked back our drinks.
"Now I'm intrigued," Mimi said.
Patience, my dear, patience," I said in my most patronising voice. We both giggled.
I packed all the usual stuff into my backpack. It was a hard habit to break but it had proven useful so far this holiday.
"We better make our way downstairs," Dean said
"This time yesterday I couldn't wait to get home," Troy said, "Now I'm almost sad to be going."
"That's down to you two," Dean said. "Last night and today has been fabulous. We can't thank you enough,"
Mimi had a tear in her eye as she gave each of them a hug and a kiss. I shook hands with them. I slung my back pack on and helped the boys with their cases. Going by the weight there was very little in them.
We got the lift down to the foyer and went out front of the hotel. There were a dozen people waiting for the same transfer. We said our final farewells and started up the road. When we looked back Troy and Dean were in conversation with two young girls. Maybe their shyness was receding already.
We followed Joe's directions and were turning into the alleyway by seven o'clock. We walked far enough in to the alley to spot the entrance to the club.
"We're far too early," I said.
"It may be open," Mimi suggested.
We tried the door and it swung open. We went in closing the door behind us. The place was in total darkness except for a light shining through an ajar door at the end of a short corridor I shouted hello.
A woman came through the door and turned more lights on.
"We don't open until 7:30," she said.
"Don's expecting us," I said.
"Wait here," she said curtly.
A minute or so later a tall thin man dressed in a caftan appeared.
"You must me Mimi and Nick; I'm Don" he said, "The pictures didn't do you justice."
"What pictures might they be?" Mimi asked.
""Enrique showed me some stills from your visits," Don said. "They are very erotic."
"Does he show these pictures to all of his friends," I asked.
"I doubt it," he replied, "but he got in touch with me because he felt you would enjoy taking part in my show, especially you, Mimi."
"I haven't gone into detail with Mimi about the show," I said. "I want it to be a surprise."
"I won't spoil it then," Don said "but I can promise it will give full vent to your exhibitionism."
"That sounds exciting," Mimi remarked.
"Let me introduce you to the rest of the cast," Don said, leading us through the door into the main theatre area.
The place was set out like a cabaret club with about 20 tables set out in front of a stage area. Each table only had two seats. There were technicians checking out sound, lighting and video equipment.
"Do you record everything?" I asked.
"We do, "Don replied, "but I promise you any of our clients who want a copy will only get a censored copy; no faces."
"Will we get an uncensored copy?" Mimi asked.
"Of course," Don said
He introduced us to his cast of four; two well built guys and two very fit ladies.
"You'll get to know them later in the evening," Don said.
"I hope so" Mimi said.
Don explained that the audience was strictly couples only and they were encouraged to take part in the show if they so desired.
"We give them all a drink to help them relax. Would you like yours now?" He asked.
We said ok. He took us to a table in prime position for the show and beckoned one of the waitresses over.
"Give my friends their elixir; All their drinks are on the house for the rest of the evening," he told the skimpily dressed girl. "I have to go and welcome the rest of my guests now so make yourself comfortable. Enjoy the first half of the show; I'll speak to you in the intermission.I guarantee you'll enjoy the second half."
The waitress brought over the elixir. I asked if they had any Fundador Brandy. She said they had and I ordered two large glasses.
Mimi and I lifted the glasses of elixir. We both sniffed the drink.
"Duroen," we both said in unison, laughing. We knocked it back even though we had some earlier.
"I can't wait to get my kit off," Mimi said.
"Your turn will come soon enough," I said smiling.
The place was filling up quickly. The age range was quite surprising; early twenties like us, to possibly 50 or 60 year olds.
I ordered some more brandy. The waitress brought the bottle over and left it on the table.
"We'll have to take it easy or we might not last for the big finale" I said to Mimi.
"That won't be a problem," she replied rubbing my crotch.
I put my arm around her and groped her breast. This was building to a very horny evening.
The house lights went down. A spotlight picked out Don centre-stage. He was wearing a toga.
"Good evening ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to another night of adult entertainment at the Pussy Cat Club," he said. A second spotlight picked out a couple standing by a low backless couch.
"This is Romeo and Juliet," he announced
A third spotlight picked out another couple also standing by a similar couch. "This is Adonis and Aphrodite," Don said. "These four will be leading the show but it is hoped that it will be members of the audience that will be the stars of the evening."
Above the stage were three large screens showing all the action. The camera operators and lighting crew were very professional.
The couples stripped each other off and started performing on their respective couches. Over the next twenty minutes or so they covered every kind of sexual act. The camera work and lighting were exceptional; some of the close up shots were very erotic.
"Do you think I'll be exposed so clearly?" Mimi asked.
"I should think so," I replied, "you are the star turn after all."
"I hope so; I can't wait."
A spotlight picked out Don again. "Is there a couple in the audience who would like to be in the next part of the show?" he asked. There were a few murmurings before a couple in their early thirties volunteered. Dan beckoned them to the stage.
"What are your names?" Don asked
"David and Amy," the man replied.
"Are you married?"
"We are," Amy replied.
"Are you comfortable having sex with strangers in front of an audience?" Don asked them. They both nodded their agreement.
The girls took the man to one of the couches while the guys took the lady to the second couch. The volunteers were stripped. The woman, who we saw when we first came in, now all dressed in black scuttled from behind the backdrop and took their clothes back stage. There was no turning back for them now.
The two trios faced each other across the stage. Juliet and Aphrodite knelt in front of David and took turns at blowing his small cock, while Romeo and Adonis had forced Amy to her knees and were quite roughly face fucking her.
Romeo lay on the couch. His erection was plain to see. Adonis lifted Amy off of the floor and planted her on Romeo's cock. Romeo drove into her. Adonis was squeezing her breasts tightly. This was rough sex at its worse. Amy didn't object and she was forcing Romeo's cock deeper and deeper in to her pussy.
On the other couch things were a little gentler as David took Aphrodite from behind as she leaned over the couch. Amy and David were still staring at each other.
Adonis and Romeo changed places. Adonis was really ripping into Amy and she was beginning to moan but it was with pleasure not pain.
Juliet climbed onto all fours on the couch. David got behind her and rode her doggy style still watching his wife getting brutalised; it seemed to really turn him on.
As much as I could never treat a woman in that way it was exciting watching it.
Romeo roughly lifted Amy off of Adonis who rolled off of the couch. Romeo slammed Amy down on her stomach across the couch. He used his feet to open her legs and plunged his cock into her, withdrawing fully plunging in again.
Adonis, stood on the other side of the couch, pulled Amy's head up by her hair and thrust his cock into her mouth. It must have been going down her throat as he viciously pumped into her.
A lot of this could only been seen on the screens as cameramen did their excellent work.
"I won't let them treat me like that," Mimi said. The dampness of her thong as I rub her pussy showed she was enjoying the show nevertheless.
Meanwhile Juliet and Aphrodite had laid David on his back on the couch. Aphrodite had straddled his thighs and had lowered herself onto him. Juliet sat on his chest and pushed her pussy into his face.
Aphrodite shouted "come on, tiny dick, at least try to make me feel it inside me,"
That was the cue for Romeo and Adonis to drag Amy to the couch where David was being assaulted by the girls.
Amy was forced to her knees and was forcibly face fucked again. The girls forced David to stand in front of his wife. Aphrodite started jerking him off. Juliet moved behind Amy and reached between her legs and started finger fucking her. The close ups on the screens showed she was giving Amy a four finger fuck.
The guys stood next to her.
"Whose cocks do you want, Amy," Romeo asked "Your little limp dick husband or ours?"
"Yours," Amy panted, "yours."
They both started to face fuck her again for a short while before jerking off and covering her face with their cum. David leaned forward and added his sperm to the mix on her face.
Amy and David were pushed to the floor where they embraced. I thought they had been humiliated enough but there was worse to come. The two girls stood astride them and urinated on them. Romeo and Adonis aimed their piss at their faces. Amy opened her mouth wide so they could both fill her mouth.
The four staff walked away leaving David and Amy's urine soaked bodies in the spotlight. Their light faded away as another spotlight picked out Don.
"There will be a short intermission," he announced. "I guarantee you will enjoy the second half,"
"I wasn't impressed with the way that show ended," I said
"It was gross," Mimi said, "I won't be treated that roughly or pissed on!"
"Do you want to go?"
"Let's see what Don's got to say first." Right on cue Don came and sat at our table.
Before he had a chance to say anything Mimi told him that she wouldn't be humiliated and definitely not pissed on. Nor did she want any pain.
"Calm down," Don said. "Amy and David are regular visitors. We know what they like and we provide it? Is that ok."
"O f course" I said,
"So what does my part in the show consist of?" Mimi asked.
He explained that she would be the central character; she would be subjected to manual and mechanical sex aids and would be fucked at least three times. He explained that there would be some light bondage in the early part of the act.
"It will all be very sensual," Don said. "There will definitely be no rough stuff and I guarantee you will have multiple orgasms."
"That sounds lovely, "Mimi said, "Can you leave the auditorium lights on. I like to know I'm being watched.
"Half power?" Don said. "Do you mind wearing a microphone? I will ask you at every step if you wish to stop."
"OK," Mimi said. "Let's get to it."
One of the technicians taped a microphone to her upper chest.
"Do you want to join the show Nick?" Don asked.
"No. I'll wait and see how things go," I replied.
"Can you come with me now, Mimi?"
He took her by the hand and led her to the darkened stage.
A spotlight picked out Mimi front and centre of the stage.
"For the second half of the show we have a very special guest performer. Let me introduce you to the beautiful Mimi. She will be the central part of the finale." There was a smattering of polite applause. As requested the house lights were only dimmed; Mimi would be able to clearly see her audience.
"Mimi, Can my assistants remove you clothing now?"
"Yes please," she replied. Her voice was clear from the speakers; the mike was working well.
The spotlight beam broadened as the two male assistants approached her.
They caressed Mimi gently before removing her skirt. The damp patch on Mimi's thong was evidence that she was already enjoying herself. Kneeling beside her they slowly removed her stockings stroking her legs as they did so. This was far more sensuous than anything in the first half of the show. Adonis and Romeo Slowly moved their hands up her body.
Mimi was now only in her thong and Boob tube. The guys caressed her stomach moving their hands towards her breasts. They pushed her boob tube up and tweaked her nipples. Mimi raised her arms so they could remove her top. They each sucked Mimi's breast pressing their already hardening cocks against her side. Mimi's quickening breathing was captured by the mike.
Romeo slid his hand down her stomach and inside her thong. Mimi let out a moan as his fingers found her clit. Adonis knelt behind her and slowly pulled her thong down her legs and placed it with the rest of her clothes. The woman in black appeared momentarily and took Mimi's clothes away.
Adonis reached between Mimi's legs and pushed a finger into her vagina. She was beginning to shake in anticipation.
"The girls are going to massage you with scented oils now, Mimi. Is that okay?"
"Yes," she croaked.
Juliet and Aphrodite moved into the spotlight. Romeo and Adonis carried on their administrations. The girls applied the oil to Mimi arms and massaged them from wrist to shoulder. At this point Romeo fell to his knees in front of Mimi and started licking and sucking her clit.
It wasn't until a guy at the next table whispered "Holy shit," That I looked up at the large central screen. There was obviously a camera built into the floor of the stage as Mimi's Pussy was shown in all its glory on the big screen; The detail of Adonis's fingering and Romeos clit stimulation was so clear you could almost taste it.
Juliet and Aphrodite poured oil on Mimi's back and massaged her from shoulders to the top of her backside. They moved their efforts to Mimi's chest and stomach paying particular attention to her breasts.
I couldn't drag my eyes away from the screens now. Mimi's nipples were as erect as I had ever seen them.
The guys moved away as the girls worked down Mimi's buttocks and massaged the oil into her legs starting at her ankles and slowly worked their way up to her calves and thighs.
Mimi's legs were like jelly. Adonis and Romeo moved back beside her; Mimi placed her arms around their shoulders for support. They massaged her oil covered breasts.
The girls now oiled the cheeks of her arse and her pussy.
Juliet was stroking Mimi's clit and pussy lips. The floor camera picked up every detail.
Mimi was moaning and trembling. She gave a squeal as Aphrodite pushed a finger into her anus.
Juliet placed her mouth were her fingers had been, tonguing Mimi's pussy.
Romeo and Adonis placed their hands behind Mimi's knees lifting her slightly and spreading her legs wide. Aphrodite, still fingering Mimi's anus, increased the speed. Juliet stood back a little so she could finger fuck Mimi. A gentle start soon picked up speed
Mimi was thrusting herself onto the girls' fingers. She was getting really close.
Juliet had really speeded up her finger fucking. Mimi was shaking. She gave a loud moan. Juliet sensed what was about to happen and pulled her hand away. Mimi had an amazing orgasm squirting her juices a metre or more into the air.
There was an audible intake of breath from the audience.
The guys lowered Mimi to the floor. The spotlight narrowed on her as she sat like a rag doll.
I thought the show might be over but Don asked Mimi if she wanted to carry on
"Yes, yes please. I want more of that," Mimi replied.
"Can we put you on the Orgasmatron, Mimi?" Don asked.
"You can do anything you like," Mimi replied.
The stage lights came up to reveal a chair with a sloping back and two stirrups similar to a gynaecologist's examination table.
Adonis and Romeo helped Mimi to her feet and led her over to the Orgasmatron.
They lifted her onto the seat. The girls pushed Mimi back onto the seat and raised her hands to the top of the seatback and secured them with silk ties.
Adonis and Romeo tied Mimi's calves to the stirrups.
"I'm going to open your legs as far as you are comfortable with," Don said. "Let me know when to stop."
Mimi almost whispered yes.
Using some kind of remote control Don started moving the stirrups apart. Mimi never complained. Her legs were spread wider and wider. When Don was satisfied that Mimi's legs were far enough apart he pressed another button that raised her legs slightly higher. This brought her buttocks further to the front of the seat fully exposing her Pussy and anus to the cameras.
"We are going to introduce you to some of our toys now, Mimi. Are you happy with that?" Don asked.
"Yes, I am," Mimi replied.
Romeo and Aphrodite used wand vibrators to tease Mimi's nipples. Adonis knelt between Mimi's legs and sucked her clit and licked up and down her pussy lips.
Juliet stepped in front of Mimi and showed the audience two pulsating dildos. Adonis moved away as Juliet poured oil on Mimi's pussy massaging it into her pussy and arsehole. Juliet pushed the slightly smaller dildo into Mimi's anus. Mimi let out a little squeal as she always does when her arsehole is penetrated. Juliet used the dildo to fuck Mimi's arse before pushing it fully home.
Adonis had moved to the other end of the chair and was rubbing his cock along Mimi's lips. She turned her head so he could push into her mouth. He slowly face fucked her; far gentler than he had been with Amy in the first half of the show. With her hands still tied Mimi had no control over his thrusts but was obviously enjoying it.
Juliet slowly inserted the second dildo into Mimi's Pussy. Mimi was already squirming before Juliet pushed the second dildo firmly home. She then moved her attention to Mimi's clit. The cameras showed that Juliet had Mimi's clit between her teeth and was tickling it with her tongue.
Romeo and Aphrodite had disposed of the vibrators and were squeezing her breasts and nibbling her nipples.
Mimi was arching her back as she trembled with anticipation. The main screen moved to Mimi's face just as Adonis covered it with his come.
That was enough to send her over the edge as she enjoyed another orgasm.
Juliet removed the Dildos. The stage lights went off leaving just a spotlight on Mimi, still strapped to the chair. The central screen showed a very close up view of Mimi's Pussy and Anus
"Have you had enough, Mimi? " Don asked.
She shook her head. "Please answer out loud."
"I want more, lots more," Mimi gasped.
"In that case," Don said," it's time to introduce you to the second part of the Orgasmatron."
The stage lights came up to reveal a contraption sitting in front of Mimi that, with hindsight, I can only call a fucking machine.
It had two jelly-like dildos mounted one above the other. Don moved the machine forward so the dildos were pressing against Mimi's crotch.
Juliet oiled the dildos and placed them against Mimi's pussy and anus. Don pressed a button on the remote control and both Dildos penetrated Mimi's holes. He pushed the button again and the dildos pushed in further.
Adonis and Romeo had swapped places. Mimi willingly sucked Romeo's cock while Adonis and Aphrodite continued to tease Mimi's nipples.
"Are you comfortable, Mimi?" Don asked.
"Yes. Can something or someone fuck me please," she replied.
Don pressed another button and the machine thrust the dildos in and out of Mimi. She gasped. Juliet had now turned her attention to Mimi's clit rubbing it in rhythm with the machine.
"Do you want it faster?" Don asked.
Mimi's response was muffled by Romeo's cock but the arch of her back said enough.
Don switched the machine to full speed. The Dildos pumped in and out of Mimi at an incredible rate.
The close-up view on the main screen was amazing. I checked out the audience and there were several couples fucking in time with machine.
The centre screen zoomed in on Mimi's face just as Romeo filled her mouth with his cum.
Mimi's moaning was growing louder and I could tell she was very close to another orgasm.
Juliet stopped rubbing Mimi's clit but leaned forward to suck and nibbled it instead.
As the machine kept pounding her, Mimi came for a third time.
Don slowed the machine to a stop and moved it away from Mimi. Two members of the stage crew removed it completely.
There was now no questions or standing on ceremony. Don moved between Mimi's legs removing his toga revealing a thin but long erection. Using the fingers of both hand both hands Don parted Mimi's outer pussy lips before gently pushing his cock into her.
Adonis and Romeo had untied Mimi's hands and moved to a position each side of the chair where she could slowly rub their cocks. It also allowed them to fondle and kiss her breasts.
Don was teasing Mimi with a number of short fast thrusts followed by as many slow deep thrusts. He had placed his hands on Mimi's upper thighs in such a way that allowed him to stimulate her clit with his thumbs. I made a mental note for future reference.
With no warning Don withdrew from Mimi's Pussy and thrust himself deeply into her Anus. Mimi gave her trademark squeal but was pushing back greedily against Don's thrusts.
Anal was obviously Don's favourite as he increased his speed but couldn't last. He withdrew in time to shoot his load on Mimi's inner thigh.
Don moved out of the spotlight. Adonis moved in position and pushed his much larger cock into Mimi's Pussy. Mimi purred. Romeo unstrapped Mimi's calves. She immediately wrapped her legs around Adonis pulling him deeper into her. Adonis lent forward and whispered something into Mimi's ear. She threw her arms around his neck and gripped him even tighter with her legs as he lifted her bodily off of the chair while still keeping his cock in her.
With Mimi clinging on to him, Adonis moved to stand over floor mounted camera. Romeo moved behind Mimi and pushed his cock into her anus. The main screen now showed the view from the floor camera and it was a highly erotic one.
Using their strength to hold Mimi they both thrust into her. As the tempo increased Mimi started shaking and moaning as she built towards a fourth orgasm of the evening. When it hit she was screaming with pleasure.
Romeo quickened his thrust before coming deep in Mimi's arse. He withdrew but blocked her arsehole with a finger and moved to Mimi's side. Adonis was really pounding Mimi now. He shuddered as he came in Mimi's Pussy.
In a well rehearsed move Romeo supported Mimi's back. Adonis withdrew his cock, swivelled round Mimi's Leg and the pair of them held Mimi up with her legs apart and presented her to the audience as their semen leaked from both of her holes.
There was wild applause and some cheering as the houselights came up and stage lights darkened.
"That's it for tonight's show. Thank you for coming," Don announced, "Thanks to Amy and David for their earlier performance. Please show your appreciation for Romeo, Juliet, Aphrodite, Adonis and our special guest Mimi."
The stage lights came on as the five of them stood in line joining hands to take a bow. Mimi was absolutely beaming. Still holding hands the five of them skipped through the back drop to get cleaned up.
I poured myself another Brandy while I waited for Mimi.
A short while later a guy came over and asked if he could join me. He introduced himself as Eddie, explaining he was head of the technical team. He was also responsible for producing the recordings of the evening for those that wanted them.
I shook his hand and offered him a drink but he declined.
"Don asked me to check with you what content you would like for your complimentary recording," Eddie explained.
I complimented him on the excellent camera and lighting work during the show and said we only wanted footage from the second half of the show.
He was just about to leave when Mimi came back to the table. I introduced them.
"You were wonderful tonight," Eddie said
"Thank you," Mimi said. "I had a great time but wish it could have lasted longer."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"I was just getting into the zone when it came to a halt," she explained. "I really wanted to perform longer for the audience. I wanted to be a little bit sluttier. I still do"
"I might be able to help you there," Eddie said.
He explained that his dad has a bar that was associated with The Pussy Cat club for licensing purposes and as such it was a bit more risqué.
"The crew tend to go there on a Tuesday night after the show as we have a couple of nights off," he explained. "We'd be more than happy if you could join us."
Without consulting me Mimi just said "Oh, yes please. That would be great." Eddie looked over to me; I just smiled and nodded.
"Okay," he said, "give me five minutes to check everything is being closed down correctly and we'll be on our way."
I finished my Brandy and poured another. Mimi declined but I could see that sparkle of anticipation in her eyes.
Mimi linked arms with me and Eddie as we walked to the Bar. I commented on how good his English was. He explained that his mother was English and that he had lived with her in Kent for ten years after his parent's divorce, returning to Ibiza after finishing his degree. He told us that most of the crew speak good English as that is where most learned their trade.
"How many are in the crew?" Mimi asked.
"With the stage setters and wardrobe people it's usually 32 but they won't all be coming tonight. A lot of them are married. There are usually around 18 that will come for a drink. It's also a public bar," He went on, "so how many might actually be there tonight is difficult to estimate."
"The more the merrier," Mimi said.
"The bar has a very open aspect so you won't lack an audience," Eddie said, "It's just round this corner."
We turned into a narrow side street. I could see the bright lights of the bar on the opposite side about 70 metres further along. As we approached the bar I could see what Eddie meant about the open aspect. The front of the bar was just one large, floor to ceiling clear glass window. Anything going on in the bar could clearly be seen from the street.
Mimi took it all in as we walked past to the entrance.
Eddie took us in. There were already around ten guys in there
"Hola Eduardo, I see you have brought a beautiful English rose with you." a man said coming from behind the bar. He embraced Eddie warmly.
"This is my father, Eduardo. He always uses my full name" Turning to his father he introduced Mimi and me. He shook my hand warmly. Looking at Mimi he said "I am unworthy to kiss such an elegant lady." Mimi feigned embarrassment before opening her arms wide saying "come here you old smoothy." Eddie and I laughed as Eduardo swept Mimi into his arms, whirled her round and finished with a flourish as he bent Mimi backwards and kissed her in true matinee idol style.
"First drinks on the house," he said returning behind the bar.
I ordered a Brandy. Mimi surprised me and asked for a white wine. Eduardo served the drinks opening a bottle of wine for Mimi. He placed the rest of the bottle in a cooler and placed it next to Mimi's glass.
"Nobody but I or your husband deserves to share a bottle of wine with one of such rare beauty,"
Mimi leaned over the bar and they shared a long kiss.
Eddie led us to the long table that ran along the front window. A foot wide, foot high ledge with a thick glass top ran the length of the window. The table was set six feet from the glass and there were only seats on the side facing out into the street. I noticed that there were a couple of thin mattresses laid along the floor in front of the window. I guess Eddie had phoned ahead.
I asked Eddie about setting up a tab to pay for the drinks for the evening. He suggested that would be too expensive and that I could be buying drinks for anyone that wandered in.
"What about just for the crew from the theatre?" I suggested.
"OK, if that's what you want."
We went to the bar and informed Eduardo about what I wanted to do. He agreed readily and I showed him my Amex card to let him know I was good for it.
We returned to the table.
"How do you want the rest of the evening to go Mimi?" Eddie asked
"I'd like to shag your dad," she replied trying to keep a straight face. We all laughed.
"He is a bit of a charmer," Eddie said. "He can't help himself. It was the main reason him and mum split up."
"Sorry," Mimi said, "I hope I haven't touched a nerve"
"No, of course not it was a long time ago and it's all very amicable now. But seriously how do you want things to go?"
"I love showing off," Mimi said. "I like people to see me naked. It turns me on so then I want to fuck. If people watch me being fucked I get even more turned on and so it goes on. I'm not into pain or piss but everything else is okay. When I really get into the zone I just want as much cock as I can get and love to swallow and be covered in cum."
"Wow, are you okay with that Nick?" Eddie asked.
"When Mimi's happy, I'm happy." I replied. "As long as I'm watching and joining in when I feel like it I'm cool with it."
The crew started to arrive. Eddie introduced them all but there were just too many to remember. A few stuck; two Scottish lads Hamish and Alex and a big Jamaican guy called Oris.
They all thanked me for the drinks and took seats either side of us along the window facing table. Some sat at the bar.
I got my camcorder out of my bag.
"You won't need that," Eddie said, "this place is better covered with cameras than the Pussy Cat. Do you have spare clothes for Mimi?" I nodded.
"Sometimes people take trophies," he explained
Mimi whispered something in Eddie's ear. He went to the bar and returned with a good measure of Duroen. She drank it down; her third of the day.
She gave me a big wet kiss and told me she loved me. Turning to Eddie she said "Can I get my kit off now?"
"Not long now," he replied.
Eddie went into the sound booth. I hadn't even noticed it until then. He came back with a cordless mike.
"Are you ready, Mimi?" he asked. She nodded. He looked at me and I nodded too.
He took her by the hand and led her round the table. They moved to the centre of the table on the window side. I moved to the bar and ordered another brandy.
"This is Mimi," Eddie announced over the microphone. "Those of us who saw Mimi earlier know my father was right to describe her as rare beauty. What do you want to do now, Mimi?" He handed her the mike.
"I want to get my kit off and if I get excited enough I'd like to be fucked."
"Would you like to choose a couple of guys to help you undress?"
Mimi pointed at one guy and then sucked her finger like a kid in a sweetshop before pointing at another guy and giving him the come here sign with her finger.
They both moved alongside Mimi.
Beside the guys seated at the table there were plenty lining the bar and ten or so were watching through the window.
Mimi put her arms around their shoulders pulling them to her for a deep tonguing kiss. They both groped her breasts pushing her boob tube up so they could kiss her nipples. Mimi pulled her top over head and threw it one side.
One of the guys undid her skirt and it fell to her ankles. Mimi stepped out of it and kicked it in the general direction of her boob tube.
Mimi turned to face the window as the second guy slid her thong down her thighs. Mimi lifted her feet one at a time to allow her thong to be completely removed. The guy screwed it in a ball and put it in his pocket.
They knelt down either side of her and removed her stockings. I noticed Hamish took one of the stockings and put it in his pocket.
Now completely naked, Mimi turned her back to the window.
The guys were taking it in turns to stroke her pussy. She put her hands down their shorts.
"I want you to come on my breasts," Mimi said, loud enough so that most in the bar heard her. She dropped to her knees and tugged both their shorts down to reveal two erect cocks.
She took each in hand and blew them alternately. She sped up her hand movements.
"Come on boys, let me feel your cum on me," Mimi panted. The guys started jerking themselves as Mimi cradled their balls. They both shot their load onto her breasts within seconds of each other.
The guys pulled their shorts up and returned to their seats. Mimi turned to face the window, stood on the ledge and massaged the semen into her breasts.
"No more clothes in the area by the window," Eddie announced. "What next, Mimi?"
Mimi walked over to the table and stood opposite Oris. She bent over the table and kissed him.
"Will you fuck me, please?" Mimi asked and moved back to the centre of the floor in front of the window.
Oris stripped off and joined Mimi by the window. He was reasonably well endowed and also had a great physique. They caressed each other slowly and sensuously. Oris sat on the ledge at the bottom of the window with his back against the glass. Mimi stood on the ledge with her feet either side of him.
He buried his face into her pussy and, reaching between her legs, started slowly fingering her. Mimi was leaning against the glass as she pushed her pussy into Oris's face.
The view from the bar was erotic but I guess the view for those outside was even better.
I knew Mimi would be thrilled watching her outside audience, knowing she had a second audience inside the bar.
Oris gently pushed Mimi away from him. She climbed down from the ledge. Turning her back to him Mimi straddled Oris's thighs and lowered herself slowly onto his cock. Oris held Mimi's hips as they got into a steady rhythmic fuck.
Mimi was twisting her nipples before dropping her hand to furiously rub her clit. Mimi was beginning to tremble and I thought she was likely to climax soon.
Oris stood up keeping Mimi firmly impaled on his cock. He turned so he and Mimi were facing the window.
Mimi placed her hands against the glass for support as Oris pistoned into her from behind. Some of the outside audience were only inches away from Mimi. Some were stroking themselves. Their proximity pushed Mimi over the edge as she enjoyed a body shaking orgasm her love juices squirting on the window and ledge.
Oris carried on fucking Mimi for a little longer before pulling out. He pushed her to her knees so she was sideways on to both audiences and started jerking himself.
"Open your mouth," Oris ordered. Mimi complied. Oris placed the tip of his cock on Mimi's lower lip. He sped up his jerking. Mimi was licking him when he came filling her mouth with his semen. Some dribbled out and ran down Mimi's chin but she swallowed most of it. She then took Oris's cock into her mouth to clean off any remaining semen.
Oris bent and Kissed Mimi on the forehead and said thank you before returning to his seat. Mimi sunk to the floor for a breather.
"Mimi, Hamish wants to ask you something," Eddie said. He handed the mike to Hamish who was already naked accept for Mimi's stocking that he was wearing like a scarf.
"I saw a guy do something to his girl in the club one time and it was a very horny watch," he said. "I want to do the same to you and see if you like it."
He handed the mike back to Eddie. He lifted Mimi from the floor as if she weighed no more than a feather and sat her on the table facing the window. He handed Mimi her wine. She thanked him and knocked it back. He refilled her glass. Kissing her lightly on the lips Hamish said "You can sip your wine during this. It is very gentle."
He lifted her feet and placed them on the table pushing her knees apart. He took the stocking from round his neck and placing his hand inside it rubbed Mimi's clit with his stockinged finger. He moved his hand down and pushed his fingers and stocking into Mimi's pussy. He fed more of the stocking into her.
Hamish's compatriot Alex had moved to the opposite side of the table behind Mimi.
"Let me help you that," He said taking her wine from her. He laid her back on the table. Stripping his T shirt off, he folded it and placed it under Mimi's head like a small pillow.
Picking up Mimi's wine he asked her to open her mouth. He took a mouthful of the wine. Leaning over Mimi so their mouths were about six inches apart he dribbled the wine from his mouth to hers before sharing a wet kiss with her. There was a lot of tongue action in that kiss.
Alex stood and took another mouthful of wine, doing the same as before. The kiss was even more passionate and prolonged this time.
As he reached down to massage Mimi's breasts the bulge in his shorts lay alongside Mimi's face. Mimi reached up and stroked it.
Alex needed little encouragement to remove his shorts. Mimi moved her head slightly so she could take him in her mouth. He slowly face fucked her.
Hamish had pushed all but the last couple of inches of the stocking into Mimi's Pussy. Keeping hold of the end of the stocking he pushed his erection into her, pushing the silk even deeper into her.
He withdrew and pushed in deeper again. He withdrew again and moved to one side.
Hamish held the end of the stocking in one hand. He used the other hand to ensure that the stocking ran between Mimi's Pussy lips and rubbed against her clit as he slowly started to pull the stocking from her.
Mimi was obviously enjoying the sensation as she pushed her hips forward to increase the pressure of the stocking on her pussy.
Hamish pulled an inch or two of the stocking out of Mimi's pussy and using both hands ran the stocking over her in a sawing motion. This really aroused Mimi as she began to tremble slightly and started moaning quietly, muted by Alex's cock.
Alex had quickened the pace. He pulled his cock from her mouth. Rubbing the head against Mimi's lips he jerked himself to a climax covering her face with his cum. He moved away.
Hamish had continued arousing Mimi with the stocking until it was completely removed. Mimi was very close now.
Two guys I did not recognise as part of the crew had taken Alex's place. They reached down and fondled Mimi's breasts while jerking themselves off. She encouraged them by flicking her tongue at their cocks. It wasn't long before they added their jizz to Alex's covering her face completely in semen.
Hamish meanwhile had wrapped some of the stocking around the middle two fingers of his right hand and was furiously finger fucking Mimi. His other hand was rubbing the stocking against her clit at the same frantic pace.
Mimi was shaking and moaning pushing herself onto Hamish's hands. She arched her back. Hamish pulled his hands away just as Mimi climaxed and squirted another arc of her juices toward the window.
Hamish hung the stocking round his neck and quite forcibly entered Mimi. He pumped her hard but it wasn't long before he pulled out and shot his load on her belly.
Mimi was sitting on the edge of the table. Someone had given her a towel to clean her face. I decided it was time I joined in. I stripped off my clothes, stuffed them in my bag and passed it to Eduardo behind the bar for safe keeping.
I walked round the table and stood in front of Mimi.
"Are you ok Mimi?" I asked.
"I want you so much," she said.
She reached down and guided my cock into her. She wrapped her legs behind me and pulled me deeper into her
She threw her arms around my neck and said "Take me to the window."
I lifted her up and carried her to the window. There were even more people watching from outside now. Using her legs and arms she rode up and down on my cock.
Mimi beckoned Eddie over. "Come and join us." She said.
Eddie handed the mike to Hamish and stripped off. I lifted Mimi off of my cock and stood her facing the window. Eddie moved behind her and groped her tits.
I started slowly finger fucking her.
Mimi sank to her haunches facing the window she took it in turns to blow me and Eddie, all the while watching the reaction of the people on the other side of the glass. Raul, another of the technicians, knelt behind Mimi. He reached round so he could rub her clit and placed his other hand underneath her so that he could finger her. Mimi was getting close again.
She pushed Eddie onto his back on the floor and knelt between his legs. She started deep throating him. I became a spectator as Raul entered her from behind.
Mimi was giving Eddie the full works; licking the length of his dick, sucking his balls, jerking him with her hands. Raul was pumping hard and soon pulled out to ejaculate on Mimi's back.
Mimi moved forward and straddled Eddie lowering herself onto his cock. I knelt behind her and pushing her forward slowly pushed my cock into her anus. Mimi gave her usual squeal. Mimi slowly rode Eddie's cock and I matched her pace gently fucking her arse.
Another of the crew came and started face fucking Mimi. He didn't last long before coming on her face. Mimi was picking up the pace. Another guy approached. He didn't even want a blow; he just blasted his jizz onto Mimi's already cum-covered face.
Mimi was shaking and moaning. I couldn't keep up with her. "Please come inside me," she pleaded as she shuddered to another orgasm. That was enough to send me over the top and I came deep inside Mimi's anus. Eddie wasn't far behind as he filled her pussy with his cum.
We both moved away as Mimi rolled onto her back and let our semen dribble out of her holes.
A guy from outside walked in and just shot his load on Mimi's breasts. This started a trend as guys from both inside and outside the bar came on Mimi's body. There must have been at least fifteen guys who came on her covering her from head to toe in semen.
It would probably have gone on longer but Mimi sat up, wiped the semen away from her eyes and lifted her hands in submission.
"Thanks guys," she said, "but there is only so much fun a girl can have in a short space of time." That brought some laughter and a little applause.
That signalled the end of the night, or so I thought. Most of the people outside drifted away and the bar started emptying.
Eddie and I sat at the bar as Eduardo helped Mimi to her feet.
"Let me show you to the bathroom so you can clean up," he said taking her by the hand and leading her upstairs.
"Maybe Mimi will get her wish after all," I said smiling.
"If she does," Eddie replied, "it will all be on camera. I'll edit the show from earlier and from the bar tonight. I should have it ready for you by mid afternoon tomorrow."
"That's great," I replied. I explained that we were flying home on Friday.
"Are you free tomorrow or Thursday night?" he asked.
"Not tomorrow," I explained, "but we have nothing planned for Thursday night although I'm sure Mimi would want our last night to be special."
"The theatre doesn't open again until Friday so if you want to we could have a good night here on Thursday," Eddie suggested, "We can play a few games that Mimi would enjoy and the window is always open."
I knew Mimi would love it and if tonight was anything to go by so would I.
"That sounds great,"
"What time can you get here?" Eddie asked.
"About 6:30 if that's not too early."
"A good night can never start too early" Eddie laughed. "I'll make sure we're ready for you."
Eddie went behind the bar and poured us both a brandy, placing the bottle on the bar in front of me. I asked him to pass me my bag. I took my T shirt and shorts out of the bag and pulled them on.
Raul came over and handed me Mimi's skirt. He apologised that he hadn't been able to find any of her other clothes. I laughed and explained that Mimi losing her clothes had happened quite often on this holiday and that was why I always had a change of clothes in my bag. I told him to pull up a chair and have a brandy.
Hamish, Alex and Oris joined us at the bar. Eddie went behind the bar, placed more glasses on the counter and placed bottles of rum and Scotch alongside the brandy.
We all had a couple of drinks as we explained our backgrounds to each other.
Mimi and Eduardo finally joined us.
Mimi had a towel wrapped round her and Eduardo was wearing a bathrobe. You didn't need to be Sherlock Holmes to work out what had gone on.
A couple more stools were placed at the bar and Mimi took her seat. She was glowing from her shower and also because she knew she was the centre of attraction again.
"I got my wish," she whispered in my ear.
Eduardo went behind the bar and asked Mimi what she wanted to drink. She settled on a brandy.
He pressed a button behind the bar and the shutters came down over the windows. He also placed a bottle of baby oil on the counter.
Having poured a small beer for himself he came and sat next to Mimi.
"Do you want your clothes, Mimi?" I asked.
"Not just yet," Mimi replied, "I need to dry properly after my shower."
I told her about returning on Thursday night.
"That would be great," she said, "If it's anything like tonight it should be wonderful."
"You really like showing off, don't you Mimi?" Hamish asked.
"I really do," She replied. "I like people looking at me."
"Does it turn you on knowing that people see you naked," Alex asked
"Couldn't you tell that tonight?" Mimi replied. "I was so excited knowing how many people were watching me."
"Do you need a big audience," Raul asked, "or is a smaller audience like this just as good."
Mimi sipped her brandy. "Sometimes a more intimate audience is even better," She said.
I knew exactly where this was heading and I had an erection like the Eiffel tower.
"Do you want to show off again now, Mimi?" I asked.
"I think I do," she replied
"Eduardo, why don't you remove Mimi's towel?" I suggested.
He didn't need to as Mimi stood up and let the towel drop to her feet. She moved into Eduardo's arms as they shared a passionate kiss. She loosened his robe and started stroking his cock.
Mimi was naked again in the company of seven men who, with one exception, had fucked her earlier in the evening. Much as it sounds wrong I was hoping they would all fuck her again. I moved toward Mimi and asked if she was happy. She didn't need to reply as she just smiled as her eyes sparkled.
I knew this would be much more intimate than earlier in the evening but I still wanted it to happen.
Eduardo shrugged off his robe and crushed Mimi to him. He pushed her head down into his lap so Mimi could blow him.
Alex, the only guy in the present company who had not fucked Mimi earlier, moved behind her and placing his hands on her hips, slowly and gently pushing his cock into Mimi's Pussy. He kept the pace slow but increased the depth of his thrusts. After five or six thrusts he would withdraw completely before repeating the process. Mimi was responding to Alex's administrations and was getting in the zone again. This was more like love making than the carnal fucking that had gone on earlier.
Mimi was still going down on Eduardo but again it wasn't like earlier in the evening. She really wanted him to enjoy it.
Alex reached out and took hold of Mimi's arms. He pulled her arms back and taking her hands started thrusting faster and deeper.
The new position meant that Mimi could no longer go down on Eduardo but she smiled keeping eye contact with him as he slowly rubbed his cock.
Alex was getting very close now. He released Mimi's arms. She placed her hands on Eduardo's thighs for support. Alex finally withdrew and shot his cum onto Mimi's back.
Grabbing Mimi's discarded towel, Alex pulled Mimi to him and cleaned his cum off of her back before sharing a passionate embrace and a long kiss.
Mimi turned her attention back to Eduardo. She whispered something in his ear. He smiled and nodded. Mimi took the baby oil from the bar and poured a small amount into her palm before handing the bottle to Eduardo. She massaged the oil onto his already erect cock. Eduardo rubbed some of the oil on to Mimi's breasts, caressing them sensually and squeezing her nipples. He slipped one hand down to her pussy, stroking her clit before pushing a finger into her.
The rest of us watched a master at work as Mimi responded to Eduardo's expert attention.
Eduardo put his hands on Mimi's hips and turned her so she had her back to him. He used his feet to push Mimi's feet apart. He trickled some oil so it ran down between the cheeks of her bum. He massaged the oil into her cheeks. Mimi bent slightly forward at the waist presenting her pussy and anus to Eduardo. He placed a hand between her legs. He pushed two fingers into her pussy and slowly pushed his thumb into her anus. Mimi gave her trademark squeal.
Eduardo slowly finger fucked both holes. Mimi reached behind her and stroked Eduardo's cock. He kept finger fucking her and as he increased the speed Mimi began shaking slightly and was mewling quietly.
Eduardo moved his hands to Mimi's hip. He lifted her easily on to his lap. He lifted her slightly higher so Mimi could guide his cock into her anus. Once his cock was deep in Mimi he reached round and fiercely rubbed her clit. It was enough to send Mimi over the top as she squirted an arc of her juices across the bar. It was so erotic I nearly came in my shorts. Going by the gasps I heard, I wasn't the only one.
Eduardo stroked Mimi's body as she came down off of her high. He lifted and dropped his legs so she could feel his cock inside her. Mimi reached between her legs and slowly stroked her pussy. She beckoned Eddie over.
"Can I be the meat in your family sandwich?" she asked. Eddie looked a bit hesitant at first. He looked at his father who gave him an approving nod.
Eddie sank to his haunches and pushed his face into Mimi's pussy. The musky smell of her juices permeated the bar so it must have been intoxicating close up.
Eddie stood up and dropped his shorts. His erection was standing proud. He moved closer to Mimi and slowly entered her. Mimi wrapped her legs round him and drew him in deeper. She pulled him closer and shared a passionate kiss.
Eduardo was obviously a strong guy lifting Mimi up and down on his cock. Eddie was getting close already. Whether it was the excitement of the evening or sharing a woman with his father, presumably for the first time, he soon pulled out and shot his load onto Mimi's stomach.
Mimi carried on riding Eduardo although it was him who dictated the pace.
Whether it was his breathing or the twitching of his cock, Mimi sensed that Eduardo was about to come. Climbing off of his lap she sank to her haunches in front of him. She took his cock in her mouth and jerked him with her hand until he filled her mouth with his cum. Standing up she showed Eduardo her full mouth before swallowing his seed.
Mimi came over and stood next to me at the bar. She took a large swig of brandy. Eddie wiped his semen from her belly.
"Are you ready to go?" I asked.
She placed her hand on my erection. "Let's see what else comes up."
Right on cue Oris came up behind her and reached round and groped her breasts. Mimi turned her head so she could kiss him. Oris turned Mimi round and took her in his arms. He pushed his hips against her and she responded in kind.
He moved her away from the bar. Hamish joined them. He had the baby oil bottle in his hand. He poured liberal amounts onto her chest and back and he and Oris started to massage her body.
Oris massaged her breasts before moving down to her pussy.
Hamish rubbed the oil into Mimi's back and buttocks. Oris pushed a couple of fingers into her pussy. Mimi gave her usual squeal as Hamish slid a finger into her anus. They both picked up the speed and Mimi was beginning g to get excited again.
She lifted her leg and placed it on one of the bar stools. They both took the hint; Oris pushed his erection into Mimi's pussy while Hamish pushed his into her anus.
The guys were pumping Mimi pretty hard and I thought she might come again. I was right as Mimi covered Oris's legs with her come. Oris pulled out and shot his sperm onto her thigh. Hamish didn't last much longer pulling out in time to cover Mimi's arse cheeks with his jizz.
Oris grabbed the towel and cleaned her thighs and bum.
Mimi walked over to me on slightly unsteady legs and took another drink of brandy. She told me to stand up. She knelt in front of me and pulled my shorts down. She took my cock in her hand and licked along the length of it licking my balls before she licked her way back to the tip before taking it into her mouth. She slid her lips up and down my shaft. Mimi cupped my balls on one hand while slowly jerking me off in time with her lip movements.
I was already turned on before Mimi started to blow me so I knew I wouldn't last long. Mimi had already sensed this. Taking my cock from her mouth she held the tip between her lips and jerked me with increasing speed. I couldn't hold back any longer. I filled Mimi's mouth with my cum.
She stood and turned to face the other guys. A little of my semen had trickled onto her chin. She used a finger to push it back into her mouth. She opened her mouth wider so the guys could see her cum covered tongue before closing it and swallowing my cum. She poked out her now clean tongue before having another sip of her brandy.
Raul, still naked, took Mimi by the hand and led her to the table. He embraced and kissed her deeply before lifting her onto the edge of the table.
They kissed again. Raul moved down Mimi's body kissing her neck, her breasts and stomach before kissing and sucking her clit. Using his thumbs he opened her labia and pushed his tongue as deeply as he could into her vagina.
Mimi placed her hands on the back of his head and pulled him closer. She threw her head back and moaned. Raul ran his tongue along her pussy, licking her clit before running his tongue back down her slit before pushing it into her pussy again.
Mimi bunched his hair in his hands and pulled him up so she could kiss him.
"Please fuck me now," She said quietly but not quietly enough and everyone heard her.
Mimi reached between her legs and took hold of Raul's cock and guided it into her vagina.
He teased her a little with only short slow thrusts. She hooked her legs round him and pulled him in deeply. She kept a vice like grip on him for a while before relaxing so that he could start to slowly fuck her.
Raul used slow deep thrusts to start with. Mimi responded by pushing her hips to him to match his movement. As the intensity grew Mimi asked Raul to lie on the table.
He did so. Mimi straddled him and lowered herself onto his erection. She rode him slowly pushing right down on his cock.
Raul sat up taking Mimi in his arms. They kissed deeply again.
Raul pushed Mimi on to her back so he was now on top. He gently fucked her, slowly and deeply.
Mimi arched her back and pleaded with him to speed up.
Placing her legs on his shoulders he started pumping into her. Mimi was moaning.
"Please come inside me," she screamed. Raul quickened his thrusts. He moved Mimi's legs so he could take up the classic missionary position. He pumped into her. Mimi was meeting his thrusts. She crossed her legs round him. She shuddered to a climax. Raul came almost immediately. They lay in each other's arms, kissing and stroking each other.
I knew that was more than a fuck. They had just made love in front of us all. I should have been jealous but I knew beyond doubt that she was my lady.
Mimi and Raul climbed off of the table. He took Mimi's hand and walked over to me placing her hand in mine. Even if anyone else in the room had any doubts Raul understood that Mimi and I were soul mates.
I took the baby wipes from my bag and helped Mimi clean up.
"Do you want another shower, Mimi?" Eduardo asked.
"Not tonight, you old letch," she replied smiling, "but hopefully I'll need at least two on Thursday."
"I'll have the soap ready," he laughed.
I handed Mimi one of my clean T shirts. She pulled it on. It was a baggy fit but was mid thigh length on her. It proved once again that she would look horny dressed in anything. I offered her a clean pair of panties but she pushed them back into the bag.
I knew we must be close to our hotel but had got a bit disorientated. I told Eddie the name of our hotel and asked him for directions.
"It's only a five or ten minute walk to the rear entrance," he told me, "Raul lives in the apartment block opposite. He can show you the way." I didn't even know there was a rear entrance.
He called a now dressed Raul over and told him about where we were staying.
"It will be my pleasure to show you the way," he said.
I asked Eduardo for the bar bill. He shrugged and told me not to worry about it. I tried to insist but he explained that it had been a busy night thanks to Mimi and was hoping for more of the same on Thursday.
Mimi went round each of the guys and kissed them goodnight saving Eduardo until last. She gave him a long wet kiss and said "Thank you, I look forward to our shower. He stood and gave her a bear hug lifting her off of her feet. "So do I my English rose; so do I." He replied.
Eddie opened the shutter on the door so we could leave. Raul led the way. Mimi turned in the doorway, placing one hand on her hip and one on her breast. "You make sure you're ready for me on Thursday," she said in her best Mae West voice. We followed Raul outside. We turned left and walked slowly along. We both put our arms around Mimi's waist. I lowered my hand and lifted the hem of her T shirt so I could grope her bum. Raul realised what I was doing and moved his hand inside Mimi's T shirt and reached round to squeeze her breast. Between us we had lifted Mimi's hem high enough to reveal her pussy to anyone walking past us.
"What do you fancy doing tomorrow Mimi?" I asked
"I think we should go to Arturo's to thank Jose for introducing us to Duroen and I'd like to go back to our first gangbang bar for a re-run," she said
"Your first gangbang?" Raul asked.
I explained how we had been introduced to Duroen and what it led to that day and for the rest of the holiday so far.
"Tonight was our fifth or sixth group sex experience and the best so far," Mimi told him. "You probably think I'm a slut."
"I certainly don't think you're a slut," Raul answered. "I think you are a couple who are truly in love but want to experiment and discover your sexuality."
I was quite stunned by his understanding. We stopped walking so Mimi could give him a hug and a kiss.
"You're the first person who has come close to understanding us," Mimi said.
We walked on.
We came to a junction.
"This way," Raul said turning left.
We only walked a short distance when I saw our hotel looming up on our right. We crossed over the road and came to a high gate with a swipe card lock.
"You'll need your room card to get in this way," Raul said. I fished it from my bag.
Mimi took both of Raul's hands in hers. "I want you to share our bed but I'm too tired to really enjoy it tonight,"
"I would like that too," he said.
"Do you know O'Connor's bar," I asked. He nodded.
"We're going there tomorrow night if you want to join us," I told him. "You might even hear us murder a few songs."
"I'd like that. It would be nice to be in your company under normal circumstances," he replied.
"There are never any normal circumstances this holiday but we'd love to see you there," Mimi joked. "And I can always tell you if I relived the gangbang."
"That's a date, "he said laughing.
"Have you got far to go?" I asked. He pointed across the road at an apartment block. "Just there," he replied.
Mimi gave him another big hug and a long kiss. "Make sure you come tomorrow night," She said
"I will, I promise," he replied. We swapped a big man hug; he crossed the road waving as he entered his apartment block.
We went through the gate and found ourselves at the far end of the pool from our room. I saw there was a lift at this end of the building. We took the lift to the third floor and walked the length of the hotel to our room.
"Do you want a nightcap?" I asked Mimi.
"I'd like a red wine if we have any left," She replied.
"We have," I replied, "I'll bring it out to the balcony."
I went to the kitchen area and poured two large glasses of red wine.
I joined Mimi on the balcony.
She rested her head on my shoulder.
"I really love you," she said. "Raul got it right earlier. I love you even more for letting me try things that most men wouldn't allow."
"That's because most men don't know what true love is," I replied. "Any man who is arrogant enough to think he is the only one who can satisfy his partner is likely to be a bully."
Mimi took me by the chin and kissed me lovingly.
"Do you really want to thank Jose tomorrow?" I asked
"I think we should," She replied. "For good or bad this holiday wouldn't have been the same without the Duroen. He deserves a little reward."
"I guess you mean a reward with no clothes"
"You guess right," she giggled.
"What about the old guys gangbang?"
"I enjoyed spreading the joy; my contribution to help the aged"
We both laughed as we finished our drinks.
"We'll need an early start if you want to get through all that before meeting up with Bianca and Joe."
"Come and fuck me; then we can sleep."
PROOFED TO HERE
Day 13 Wednesday 14th July
I woke at 8 o'clock feeling remarkably fresh considering the late night we'd had.
I left Mimi sleeping and went for a shower. As I was drying off Mimi came into the bathroom.
"Good Morning," I said giving her a kiss on the cheek. "I was going to let you sleep a bit longer."
"As you said last night we need an early start," she replied turning on the shower.
"I'll make some tea," I said.
As I waited for the kettle to boil I threw on a pair of swim shorts and a T shirt, gathered up the dirty clothing that was laying around and threw it into the suitcase with the rest of the dirty laundry. We were pretty much packed ready for home except for the clothes we'd be wearing over the next couple of days and the toiletries.
The kettle whistled. I made the tea and took it on to the balcony.
Mimi came out onto the balcony naked holding my New York Knicks basketball vest in her hand.
"Can I wear this today?" She asked.
"It's quite big on me," I replied, "but you can try it on."
She pulled over head. The hem reached her knees. The armholes hung to her waist. The neckline hung low enough show some cleavage and half of her back was exposed. It would have looked comical on most women but Mimi made it look sexy as hell.
"What do you think?" she asked giving a twirl that exposed her breasts as she turned.
"Why do my clothes look better on you than they do on me?" I asked.
"Most girls would prefer to see you wearing it," She replied.
"Most men would like to take it off of you," I replied.
"Let's hope so," she said. We both giggled.
She checked the outfit in the mirror. Pulling on a pair of bikini briefs she said "That looks fine to me; decent but decadent. Pack your bag and let's get going." We both finished our tea.
I stuffed a couple of changes of clothes and three pairs of panties into the bag along with a couple of towels and more baby wipes. I also took both camcorders and a couple of blank memory sticks.
"Should we have a Duroen before we go?" Mimi asked.
I explained that we only had a little left. "I'm sure Jose will give us some in exchange for whatever you have in mind," I said smiling. "Let's go."
We arrived at Arturo's shortly before 9 o'clock. Jose was outside putting out the tables and chairs.
"Hi, Jose, how are you," I said in greeting.
"Ah, my friends, we don't open until 10 o'clock but for you anything," he said.
"It's good that you're not open yet. Can we come inside?"
"Of course, of course," he said leading us to some seats at the bar. "What can I do for you?"
"We wanted to thank you for introducing us to Duroen," Mimi said, "It changed the second week of our holiday."
"Is there somewhere more private we can go?" I asked.
"Yes there is," he said, "but let me pour you a drink first."
He went behind the bar and poured two large measures of Duroen and placed them on the bar in front of us. We both took a swig.
"Bring your drinks," Jose said leading us into an office and storeroom at the rear of the bar.
"Do you mind if I set my camera's up?" I asked him. He beamed as he realised he was going to get a better thank you present than he had envisaged.
There was a desk in front of a large window and some packing cases stacked to about waist high. I set the camcorders on wide screen and placed them where I hoped they could capture the action.
Mimi and Jose were already kissing and cuddling. I moved behind them.
"Let's keep this clean for later," I said lifting the vest over her head and placing it on top of the packing cases. I stripped off and put my clothes on top of Mimi's (my?) vest. Jose's clothes soon joined them.
Mimi placed her hands on Jose's hips. Bending at the waist she took his already stiffening cock in her mouth. Kneeling behind her I took her panties off.
I pushed Mimi's feet apart and pushed my face into her pussy. I did something then that I had never done before. Mimi shuddered as I pushed my tongue into her anus.
I stood up with the intention of taking her from behind when I noticed a guy at the window, phone in one hand and cock in the other.
"We have an admirer," I said.
Mimi stood up and saw the guy. Taking José hand she walked over to the desk, leaned over it and placed her hands on the window frame. Turning her head to Jose she said "Let him watch you fuck me." Jose moved behind her and pushed his cock into her pussy and slowly fucked her.
I found it incredibly horny that Mimi performed for this stranger. I picked up one of the camcorders to make sure I caught what was going on. The guy outside was too bold to just be a passing voyeur.
"Do you know this guy, Jose?" I asked.
"It's Pedro, the guy who made the recording for you," Jose replied.
"You better let him in so we can thank him too," Mimi said.
Jose reluctantly moved away from Mimi. Taking a key from the desk drawer he unlocked the door and let Pedro in. He came over and shook my hand. Turning to Mimi he kissed her cheek.
"Get your kit off," Mimi ordered. Whether he understood the language he certainly understood the sentiment. He was soon as naked as the rest of us.
Mimi sank to her knees and blew both of them in turn. Once she had their full attention she stood up and sat on the desk. Opening her legs she rubbed her pussy and asked "Who wants to taste this?"
Pedro was quicker than Jose and was soon licking Mimi's pussy. He pushed a couple of fingers into her and started finger fucking her.
She pushed him away and said "give me some cock." She was in full slut mode now and it wasn't even 10 o'clock. Pedro wasn't subtle as he drove his cock into her. There was no finesse as he pistoned into her. I guess he hadn't had a woman for a while.
Pedro was getting close but Mimi used her feet to push him away before he could come.
Jose took over. He was much gentler and varied the depths of his thrusts. Mimi reached down and rubbed her clit. As Jose increased the tempo Mimi rubbed harder. As she did with Pedro she pushed Jose away before he could come.
Mimi beckoned me over. I went down on her and rapidly finger fucked her. Jose and Pedro looked on as Mimi built to her climax. She lay back on the desk. Her body convulsed before she came spraying her juices across the storeroom floor. I moved away to let Mimi calm down.
When her breathing returned to normal she stood up.
"I want the three of you to come on my face and in my mouth," she said, "but not in here."
She opened the door and, taking Pedro and Jose by the hand, walked out into the alleyway. I followed them out. It was only a narrow service road but it was definitely overlooked and the main road was no more than 20 yards away. I swept the camcorder along the alley in both directions and along the opposite buildings.
Mimi went down on her haunches with her back against the office wall. I moved to the other side of the alley so I could record the finale.
Jose and Pedro moved either side of her. She started jerking both of them. Pedro, as he had shown throughout, couldn't hold back. He sprayed his cum on Mimi's face. Mimi tried to direct it into her mouth but most landed on her nose and chin.
She turned her attention to Jose. She held the tip of his cock between her lips while jerking him with her hand. He soon filled her mouth with his cum. She let some dribble down her chin before swallowing the rest.
I walked over to her. I jerked myself and shot my jizz on her face. I helped her to her feet. I looked up at the building opposite just in time to see a guy duck away from a window. At least one person had enjoyed the show.
Jose showed Mimi were the staff restroom was so she could clean up. The three of us dressed.
"I'll get us some coffee," Jose said. "Come through to the bar when you're ready." Pedro followed him out.
After a few minutes Mimi came back.
"Have you got any deodorant in your bag?" She asked. I nodded and dug it out. She sprayed herself liberally before dressing. We went through to the bar.
Jose and Pedro had laid a table with bread and olives and a plate of sliced meats.
Jose brought over four steaming mugs of black coffee, a jug of milk and a bowl of sugar.
We sat at the table with them. I got out the camcorder that had most of the action on it and dug out a memory stick.
"I'll down load the recording for you," I said setting it up on the seat next to me.
We all picked at the food as the conversation dried up.
"Does Arturo ever put in an appearance?" I asked
"No longer," Jose replied. He went on to explain that Arturo was his father. He had died seven years before and left his businesses to him and his brother. I stammered an apology.
"It's OK, "Jose said. "My brother runs our other restaurant in London. I help him in the off season when we are closed here." He gave me a card for the London restaurant and I put in my bag.
"When do you go home," Pedro asked. I was so grateful that he had changed the subject.
"We go on Friday," Mimi said. "I wish we had another week."
"You can always come back again," Jose said.
"We definitely will," I replied. "It should be even better now that we know our way around."
Jose asked if I wanted any Duroen to take home. I declined explaining I couldn't risk being caught with it going through customs.
We finished our coffee. Most of the food had been eaten. It was time to go. I handed Jose the memory stick. "For your eyes only," I said. He nodded his understanding.
We said our goodbyes promising we would return next time we were on the island and set off for the back street bar.
As we walked along I told Mimi that I thought the video I'd just shot was likely to be the horniest of the lot. I explained that when she posed at the window for the voyeur and let Jose fuck her as the then unknown guy watched was amazing.
"Finishing in the alley was a master stroke," I said.
"I really enjoyed that," Mimi said. "I saw at least three people watching from the building opposite."
We were both on a high much like the first time we had tried Duroen.
As we approached the coffee shop Ahmed was outside placing a few table and chairs on the pavement. We stopped to talk to him. I shook his hand. Any animosity from our last meeting was forgotten. Mimi gave him a peck on the cheek.
"I was hoping you might come back to my cafe one evening," he said.
"I bet you were, you old perv," Mimi said laughing.
"When do you go home," he asked.
"On Friday," I replied, "but we will definitely be visiting again soon."
"Do want a coffee now," we both declined.
I noticed Ahmed had positioned himself so he could see Mimi's breast through the looping armhole of her vest. He had also fondled Mimi's bum the whole time we were talking. She seemed to be enjoying the attention so I wasn't going to spoil their fun.
"We have to go," I said.
Abdul put his hand on Mimi's shoulder. "Last time you were here you never let me touch your boobs. Can I touch them now?" he pleaded. Mimi checked his hands
"Ok," she replied, "but be gentle." Abdul took her hand to lead her into the cafe.
"Oh no, It's got to be out here," Mimi said turning to face the road.
Abdul moved behind and slid his hands inside her vest. He gently massaged her breasts. The thin material of Mimi's vest revealed that he was also tweaking her nipples. He was also rubbing his cock against her bum.
There were people walking past on both sides of the road. Some slowed down to check things out but there was no sign of shock from any of them.
Mimi let him carry on for a little while but put a stop to it when he slid his hand down her body toward her panties.
"That wasn't part of the deal," Mimi said.
"You've made me hard," Abdul said.
"You'll have to deal with that yourself," she said taking my hand and walking off toward our gangbang bar.
"You can be such a tease," I joked
"If it had been you groping me, I would have let you shag me on the spot."
We both giggled as we walked a little faster.
When we reached the gangbang bar it was shut. A girl in a holiday rep's uniform was walking past. I called her over.
"Do you speak English?" I asked. She nodded
"Can you tell us what this sign says?" Mimi asked her.
She looked at it and told us it was a list of the opening and closing times but it does not open on Wednesdays.
Mimi looked dejected.
The girl pointed up a narrow street opposite saying if we went up to the end and turned right there was a nice tapas bar just a little further along. We thanked her and crossed the road. Surprisingly there was a cash machine outside a little general store. I withdrew the 1000 euro maximum on each of my cards and stuffed it deep in my bag.
"It won't be the same, will it?" Mimi sighed.
"You never know, it may be even better," I replied trying to sound upbeat. "Let's go have a coffee"
We arrived at the tapas bar.
We went in and sat a table in the window. There were only a couple of guys hunched over coffee in the place. A waitress came over with a couple of menus. I ordered two double espressos and a couple of chocolate croissants.
As we drank our coffee and ate for the food we talked about the holiday.
"It's been an incredible learning curve," I said
"I've really enjoyed it," Mimi replied, "but you must think I've turned into a right slut."
"I don't "I replied. "Everything that has happened has been on our terms."
I noticed the two guys with the coffee kept looking over. I wasn't too surprised as that was the effect Mimi had on most guys.
We finished our coffee and croissants. I was just about to ask Mimi what she wanted to do with the rest of the afternoon when the two guys came over and asked if they could buy us coffee. Mimi said thank you and told them to join us.
They introduced themselves as Steve and Tommy. They were a year or two older than us. We introduced ourselves. They explained that they were from England and were aspiring photographers.
"How come you have ended up in Ibiza?" I asked.
"Have you been on any of the holiday rep trips?" Steve asked. I thought back to the Greek night.
"Only one,"I replied.
"We're the sad bastards who take photos of drunken holiday makers in the hope they might buy some copies at the end of the night." Tommy said.
"We're better photographers than that," Steve said, "but you have to earn a crust."
"Excuse me if this is a bit forward," Tommy said looking at Mimi, "but you are an incredibly beautiful woman and very photogenic. I would love to have you in my lens."
Mimi blushed. I leaned over and kissed her. "He's right you know."
"We have a studio just around the corner," Steve said. "Would you like to take part in a photo shoot?"
"As long as Nick is invited as well" Mimi said smiling.
"Of course," Tommy said.
I asked them if they did other photographic work.
They told me that they did weddings and parties, family portraits and passport photos.
"You need a lot of Irons in the fire to get by in this business," Steve said.
"Do you do anything a bit more risqué?" Mimi asked.
"We do get some commissions like that," Steve replied
"You would be surprised how many women like to be photographed naked," Tommy added
"I wouldn't be surprised," Mimi said, "I'm one of those women."
"We sometimes get couples asking us to film and photograph them having sex," Steve went on.
"We like that too," I said, "although it tends to be me doing the filming."
"How does that work?"Tommy asked.
"We have a very special relationship," I explained."We like to experiment."
"So how would you want the photo shoot to go?" Steve asked.
"Something erotic, even pornographic," Mimi said. "I need to get over the disappointment of the gangbang we've just missed out on."
"Did I hear you right?" Tommy asked
"You did," I said. "We tried to re-enact a bar room gang bang from earlier in the holiday but the place was shut
Steve and Tommy looked each other and smiled.
"You don't believe us do you?" Mimi said smiling.
"I think you're winding us up," Steve said
"Show them some of the footage from earlier, Nick," Mimi said.
I got the camcorder out of my bag and selected the scene where Jose was taking Mimi from behind at the window. I handed the camcorder to Steve. He and Tommy watched it opened mouthed.
I let them watch it through to the finale in the alley way.
"Wow," Steve said, "Is that Jose from Arturo's bar?"
"It is," Mimi said "I wanted to thank him for helping us enjoy our holiday.
"Is there anything that we can do to help you enjoy your holiday?" Tommy asked laughing.
"I can think of a few things two good looking guys like you could help me with," Mimi giggled.
"Show us your studio," I said.
It took us no more than five minutes to walk to their studio. It was over a small supermarket. It was very clean and very well equipped.
Mimi went straight to the floor to ceiling window that overlooked the street.
"What is the building opposite?" she asked.
"It's a furniture warehouse," Steve said, "but don't worry about it. The blinds will block it out."
"Don't even think about it," Mimi said. "It adds to the fun if some strangers are watching. It helps me show off more."
"So you want the main shoot to take place in the window area?" Tommy asked.
"That would be fun," Mimi replied.
Steve said, "Would you like a drink?" I asked if they had any wine
"We have," Steve said. "I re-stocked this morning
We both asked for white.
Tommy busied himself placing video cameras to cover the area in front of the window.
The four of us squeezed onto a large couch drinking our wine.
"We use the video cameras to capture every angle," Steve explained. "Sometimes we would both be taking still shots but today Tommy will be using the hand held video to capture some close up shots"
"I hope you two are not going to be too engrossed in your work," Mimi said. "I'm hoping for three stiff cocks before the days out."
"Shall we get started" Tommy said.
"You know how you like to show off so just do your thing and we'll see how things develop," Steve added.
Mimi took a chair and placed it in the centre of the area sideways on to the window.
She sat down and started caressing her breasts through the armholes of her vest.. She allowed the left strap of her vest, the side closest to the window, to fall down her arm exposing her breast. She pulled the hem of her vest up to her waist before pushing off her panties.
Mimi allowed the other strap to fall away. Her vest was bunched round her waist. She reached down and rubbed her clit. She threw her head back as she pushed a couple of her fingers into her pussy. I think she would have liked to finish herself off but she realised she also wanted to satisfy the three of us.
Mimi stood up and let the vest fall to her feet. Stepping out of it she moved in front of the window.
She stood facing the window and stretched like she had just woken up.
I noticed for the first time that there were a number of people watching from the building opposite.
Mimi obviously noticed them and gave them a two handed wave. She then started her going through her stretching exercises as if she was getting ready for a work out which I suppose she was in a way.
She did a few of her gymnastic manoeuvres before settling on some revealing Yoga poses.
The eroticism was too much for me. My cock was bursting to get out of my shorts. I set it free and stripped off my T shirt. I joined Mimi in the window.
I stood in front of her. My erection was inches from her face. She soon took me in her mouth and started giving me an amazing blow job. I could have quite easily let her finish me there and then but I knew she wanted more than that.
I stood her up and turned her to face the window. I massaged her breasts before moving my hands down to her pussy. I rubbed her clit.
Mimi placed her hands on the glass and stood with her feet apart. I kept rubbing her clit. I moved my other hand to her arse.
Pushing between her legs I pushed two fingers into her pussy. I got the customary squeal as I gently pushed my thumb into her anus. I started to slowly finger fuck her.
"Faster," Mimi panted. I went as fast as I could; my hands were a blur. Mimi was really getting close. So was I.
"Please fuck me now," Mimi asked.
I moved behind and entered her. I started slowly pumping her. The people from over the street were still watching. I lifted Mimi's left leg to give our watchers a better view of me penetrating her.
Mimi loved it. She was beginning to tremble. I lifted her by both her legs and displayed her fully at the window as I carried on fucking her. I knew she was very close. When I felt her pussy contractions I pulled out as she climaxed and squirted her juices on the window.
I lowered Mimi to her feet and then pushed her to her knees. Holding her by her hair I quite roughly fucked her face before pulling out and delivering my cum all over her face. She licked my cock clean.
Tommy and Steve couldn't get enough shots.
We moved back to the couch. I pulled my shorts on and sat down. Mimi sat on my lap as we drank our wine.
Tommy switched off the camcorders.
"That was fucking awesome," Steve said.
"I was tempted to join in," Tommy said joining us on the couch.
"Your chance will come," Mimi said using some tissues to wipe her face. "Have you got any Brandy?" she asked. They both shook their heads. I dipped into my bag and pulled out 20 Euros. I gave it to Steve and suggested he get some from the shop below.
"I'll be right back," he said as he disappeared out of the door.
"Come closer, Tommy," Mimi said. "I don't bite; lips and tongue only," she laughed.
Tommy moved along the couch. Mimi took his hand and put it on her breast. He leaned closer so they could kiss
"Is this okay?" he asked looking at me.
"If you have to ask it should be Mimi you ask," I replied.
Mimi, still sat on my lap, opened her legs and guided Tommy's hand to her pussy. He stroked her gently before gently pushing a finger into her vagina.
Mimi was beginning to breathe a little quicker when Steve returned with the brandy.
"It Looks like I drew the short straw," he said seeing what was going on.
"As long as you haven't got a short straw I'll take care of it," Mimi said. We all giggled.
""We've got no clean glasses," Steve said. Mimi took the bottle from him, unscrewed the lid and took a swig straight from the bottle. She passed it to me and I followed suit.
"Do you boys like brandy?" she asked. They both nodded. She filled two of the empty wine glasses.
"They're not for you," Mimi said. "Turn the video cameras back on and I'll be your glass.
Tommy soon had the four of them on.
"If you're going to lick me I want you naked in case I want to lick you too." Mimi said.
They both stripped off.
"Have you something I can lie on?" Mimi asked. "The tiles look cold."
Tommy found a duvet from somewhere and spread it on the floor in front of the window.
Mimi took another swig of brandy from the bottle.
"Come and lick me," Mimi said lying on the duvet.
Mimi sat facing the window. She poured a little brandy on her breasts. Steve and Tommy licked it off taking the opportunity to suck and nibble her nipples.
Mimi lay back and poured brandy on her stomach. They licked and kissed Mimi's belly. She was already quivering.
"Your turn, Steve," she said pouring some brandy on her pussy. "Let me taste some on your cock, Tommy."
Steve moved between her legs and started licking the brandy from her pussy. Tommy moved up so Mimi could pour a little brandy on his cock.
Mimi looked over to me and offered the bottle. I took it from her. It was only ever a way to get Steve and Tommy to do her bidding not that they needed much encouragement. I noticed the watchers from across the road were back. I bet they couldn't believe their luck.
Steve was now licking Mimi's Pussy and gently fingering her. Mimi was sucking Tommy's cock.
Mimi stopped sucking him long enough to ask Steve to fuck her.
Steve moved between her legs and gently entered her. Mimi had returned to blowing Tommy.
After a few minutes she suggested changing position.
She pushed Tommy onto his back and got on all fours so she could carry on sucking his cock.
Steve moved behind her and entered her again. Mimi was pushing back to meet his thrusts.
Steve was ready to blow and he went from gentle to desperate very quickly. He made two or three deep thrusts but managed to pull out in time to cover Mimi's back with his come.
Steve came and sat on the couch. Mimi moved up to straddle Tommy's thighs. She lowered herself on to his cock. She was riding slowly to start with but they were both excited and soon sped up.
I was now fully erect again. It was time for a squeal I thought.
I took my shorts off and moved behind Mimi. Pushing her forward slightly I pushed my cock slowly into her anus. I wasn't disappointed as she squealed as usual.
Mimi increased her speed. Tommy and I did our best to match her. Mimi was really getting close again as was I. I've no doubt Tommy was close. I reached round and rubbed Mimi's clit. It was enough to send her over the top. Tommy soon filled her pussy with his come and I did the same filling her anus.
It wasn't until I moved away that I realised Steve had been taking some stills. I was pleased.
Mimi rolled off of Tommy and lay on her back allowing our come to dribble from her. Steve took some more shots including a couple of real close ups. Tommy turned off the video cameras
I let Mimi come down at her own pace.
Tommy, Steve and I sat on the couch sipping wine and brandy.
Mimi sat up and looked over at us.
"You've had you wicked way with me and now you've cast me off like an old shoe," She said laughing.
"What makes you think we're finished with you, wench," I said dramatically. "Come and join us."
Mimi came over and gave us each a kiss before lying across the three of us. We were all still naked. Mimi was getting gently caressed by the three of us. She was quietly purring.
I topped the four glasses with the brandy. Some still had wine in them. We raised a toast.
"Do you have any more jobs today?" I asked them
"Nothing now until tomorrow," Steve said.
"I'm going to sound stupid now." Tommy said. "I'm 24 years old but that was my first experience of double penetration sex. It was fabulous."
"Have neither of you had anal sex before?" Mimi asked. They both shook their heads
"Without wishing to sound crude," Steve said," we do get plenty of women. There are always girls at the rep parties who want a bit of holiday fun."
"I've never even thought to try it," Tommy added.
"I don't know if other girls are like me but there must be some. I love anal sex," Mimi said, "and double penetration is a real turn on."
"Something else I really like is the taste of semen," Mimi went on," and I didn't get much of that from you three today. So how's this for deal. I'll ride Nick and you can both fuck me in the arse as long as the three of you promise to come in my mouth"
"That's a deal," they both said in unison.
"Have you any baby oil?" Mimi asked.
"I'll check the bathroom," Steve said.
He came back holding up a tub of KY jelly. "Is this any good?"
Mimi took from him and said it would be perfect.
Dipping a finger into the tub she smeared some around her anus before pushing her finger into her puckered hole. Taking more jelly in each hand she rubbed it on Steve and Tommy's hardening cocks.
"Do you want to do this by the window?" Tommy asked
"It will be more comfortable here," Mimi said. "They've still got a good view.
"I'll move the video cameras," Tommy said. Steve went and helped him.
I stretched out along the couch. Thanks to the Duroen effect I already had a raging hard on. Mimi lowered herself onto me and started a slow hump.
"Who's first?" Mimi asked. Steve came forward and climbed onto the couch behind Mimi.
"Gently and slowly at first," Mimi instructed.
I knew when Steve entered her as Mimi gave her trademark squeal. As he pushed in deeper I could feel his movement through the walls of Mimi's vagina.
Once he was fully in her and she was comfortable she asked him to fuck her arse. He slowly thrust in and out of her. "Faster," she screamed, "match my pace."
She was riding me hard. I really had to work hard to hold back. Steve gave it his best attempt but it was too much for him. He pulled out and jumped to the floor to keep his end of the bargain filling Mimi's mouth with his cum.
Tommy lasted slightly longer but not much and he was soon filling Mimi's mouth.
I lifted Mimi off of me and sat her on the couch. I finished myself off coming in her mouth as requested.
I buried my face in her pussy and started to rapidly finger fuck her. Steve and Tommy sat either side of her kissing her breasts. Mimi started shaking as she enjoyed another orgasm.
Tommy turned the cameras off.
Mimi was sat on the floor with her back against the couch sipping her drink.
"Do you know what," she said, "I reckon if I was blindfolded I could tell whose cock was whose Just my holding it in my mouth. I might have to give a little suck just to be sure," she giggled.
"Do you want to put it to the test?" I asked.
"It could be fun," Mimi replied moving to sit back on the couch. "It would be too easy if I could touch as well so you'll have to tie my hands above my head as well."
Tommy turned the cameras back on while Steve found some silk scarves. I blindfolded Mimi with one of them. Tommy moved a lighting stand behind the couch. Lifting Mimi's hands above her head he tied them together then hooked them over the stand. I moved Mimi's hip forward to the edge of the couch and spread her legs as wide as I could She looked horny as hell.
Steve was taking some stills.
"Are you ready, Mimi?" I asked
"Ready and waiting," she replied.
I indicated Tommy should go first. He stood on the couch with his feet either side of Mimi and rubbed his cock against her lips. Mimi opened her mouth and sucked him in. She held his cock in her mouth for a half a minute or so before nodding her head.
Tommy moved away and I took his place. Mimi only had me in her mouth for a few seconds before she nodded.
I moved away and Steve took over. Mimi sucked him a bit longer before nodding again.
Steve moved away.
"So what was the order Mimi?" I asked.
"Easy," she said, "Tommy, you and then Steve." The three of us applauded.
"Do you reckon you could recognise them with your pussy?" I asked.
"I think so," Mimi said. "You'll have to tie my legs apart so I can't use them to help me identify you."
Steve picked up two more scarves handing one to Tommy. They tied them around Mimi's ankles. Pulling her legs as far apart as she felt comfortable they secured the scarves to the wooden arms of the couch.
Mimi looked so horny bound like this. I asked Steve to take some stills
"Come on boys," Mimi said, "Let me feel your cocks in me."
I indicated that Steve should go first, followed by Tommy, then Steve again. They both smiled.
Steve moved between Mimi's legs. He pushed his cock in a little way and gave some very short thrusts before pulling out.
Tommy took a different approach driving straight in to full depth, pulling out then pushing all the way back in. Mimi gasped. Tommy repeated this twice more before making way for Steve's return.
This time he gently pushed all the way into Mimi. He gently thrust in and out as Mimi met his movements as much as her restraints would allow. He made a few more thrusts before moving away.
"Well Mimi, What was the order this time?" I asked.
"You cheated," Mimi said."It was Steve, then Tommy, then Steve again."
"Very good," I said laughing. "You deserve a drink; wine or brandy?"
"I'll have some wine," Mimi said.
I picked up her wine and placed the glass to her lips. She took a sip.
"Are you going for nine out of nine?" I asked, giving her another sip of wine.
"What do you mean?" Mimi asked.
"You must want to finish with the anal challenge," I said.
"That'll be nice," Mimi said, "but you must use the lube and be gentle."
I spread the KY jelly on my cock and pushed it slowly into Mimi's anus.
"I know who that is," Mimi said, "It's been there too many times."
Steve went next. When Tommy had finished she said "Steve and then Tommy."
"Nine out of nine" I said.
We untied Mimi and we sat round drinking whatever came to hand first.
"How long would it take you to download all of this afternoon's footage onto a memory stick" I asked.
"With the stills and the five cameras and no editing," Tommy said, "about two hours."
I checked my watch. It was only two o'clock so we had plenty of time.
"Could you do that for us now?" I asked."We're going home on Friday."
"I'll get it started," Tommy said, taking the camera and video recorder to a console at the back of the studio.
"What are we going to do for two hours?" Mimi asked.
"I'm sure we can think of something," I replied fondling her breast.
Tommy came back to the couch.
"It's all set up and running," he said. "The estimated completion time is two and a quarter hours but it is likely to be a little quicker than that."
Mimi was sat in between Tommy and Steve on the couch. I was sat on the floor in front of Mimi.
"This has been a great day," Steve said
"It's not over yet," I said.
Mimi had her hands on Tommy and Steve's cocks. She wasn't doing anything other than resting her hands there. I stroked her thigh.
"I was really disappointed to miss out on the gangbang this morning," Mimi said, "but this has been so much better. Thanks boys."
"I don't think you should be thanking us," Tommy said. "It should be the other way round. You've certainly introduced me to a few things."
I filled the glasses with the last of the brandy and passed them round. We chinked glasses and knocked it back and put our glasses back on the table.
"There's only one thing that can make today better," Mimi said.
"What's that?" I asked.
"I want you three to gangbang me like the dirty little slut I am," she replied.
"You're no slut Mimi," I said.
"Treat me like one anyway," she said.
I turned and buried my face into her pussy. Tommy and Steve fondled her breasts. Steve kissed her deeply. Mimi was now stroking both their cocks. I knelt up and pushed my cock into her Pussy. I slowly fucked her.
"Come and gang bang me by the window; there's more room there" she said."Please make it last as long as you can."
We moved onto the duvet in front of the window.
Mimi pushed me onto my back and mounted me. Tommy was soon fucking her arse while Steve fucked her face.
That set the pattern and for the next hour as the three of us treated Mimi like a slut as she asked us to.
We each fucked her against the glass of the window, double teamed her in every combination and fucked in as many positions as we could think of. How we held off coming was amazing.
Mimi was in the zone throughout climaxing at will it seemed.
Finally she said "It's your turn now boys."
Kneeling facing the window she blew each of us in turn. I don't know about Steve and Tommy but I really wanted to come.
"Come on my face," Mimi screamed. I came first covering her face with my come. Tommy and Steve soon followed suit. Mimi's face and neck was covered in semen. Mimi cleaned our cocks with her tongue.
We moved back to the couch. Tommy checked the download. It still had an hour to run. Steve gave Mimi a towel to clean her face and went to the fridge for a bottle of white wine. He filled the glasses.
Mimi lay across the three of us on the couch.
"That was fucking brilliant," Mimi said. "You really treated me like a slut just as I wanted but now I need to be loved."
We stroked her body, kissing where we could.
"I really needed a pee," Mimi said
Tommy pointed her in the right direction.
The three of us sat drinking. Mimi came back.
"That's a really nice wet room you have there," Mimi said.
"A legacy of the previous tenants," Tommy said. "It was just a regular apartment before we rented it."
"Is it ok if I take a shower?" Mimi asked..
"Go ahead," Steve said," there should be everything you need."
"I love making love in the shower if any of you want to join me," she said. We followed her like lovesick puppies.
Mimi soaked herself under the shower before taking the shower head from its bracket and played the water over the three of us in turn. She poured shower gel on to each of our cocks and washed each of us. I certainly reacted to Mimi's touch and I've no doubt Steve and Tommy enjoyed her attention.
I took the shower head from Mimi and wet her hair. Steve and Tommy soaped Mimi's body. I shampooed Mimi's hair and massaged her scalp. I knew from experience that Mimi really enjoyed that.
Mimi was caressing each of us and we were doing the same to her. It was very sensual.
I knelt in front of Mimi and gently licked her pussy. I slowly pushed a finger into her.
Steve and Tommy were caressing her breasts and bum.
I stood up. I lifted her slightly and guided my cock into her. She threw her arms round my neck and wrapped her legs around my waist. Steve came up behind her and slowly pushed his cock into her anus accompanied by her squeal of delight. This was gentle love making.
After a few minutes Mimi unwrapped herself from me. Steve stood back as she wrapped herself around him allowing Tommy to enter her anus. After a short while places were swapped again as she wrapped herself around Tommy and I entered her anus.
Mimi was getting in the zone again. She deserved another orgasm.
Tommy and I withdrew and helped Mimi stand on her feet. The three of us massaged her body. Steve sank to his knees and sucked and licked her clit and pussy, I knelt behind her and stuck my tongue in her anus. Tommy was kissing Mimi deeply while massaging her breasts and pinching her nipples.
Mimi was trembling now. Steve reached between her legs and pushed two fingers into her vagina. It was enough to send her over the top as she shuddered to another climax.
We finished showering and dried off.
The four us dressed and sat round the small dining table finishing our drinks and then pouring some more.
"Do you reckon you'll get any complaints from your neighbours about today?" Mimi asked.
"I wouldn't have thought so," Steve replied. "I think most would have enjoyed the show."
"I couldn't give a toss anyway," Tommy added, "we're moving to a new studio in a couple of weeks."
He checked the download. It was complete. He handed me the memory stick. "It'll need some editing," he said. I put it in my bag.
"How much do I owe you for today's Photo shoot?" I asked.
"We can't charge you for that," Steve said
"It was like a party," Tommy said. "It's the best afternoon I've ever had."
"We used all your equipment and drank all your wine; and you have a bit of cleaning up to do," I argued. I got 200 euro's from my bag and put it on the table.
"That's too much," Steve said.
"Please take it," Mimi said. "When we met you in the cafe I was on a bit of a downer but you turned that round and then some. It's been a great afternoon."
They reluctantly took the money.
I told them we would have to get going as we had a night out planned. They asked where we going. I told them about O'Connor's. They said they knew the place but wouldn't make it tonight.
Steve asked me where we were staying. I told them
"You're too classy for that place," Tommy said.
"It's okay," Mimi said, "we've had a ball there. I'm surprised you think we're classy after I've behaved like a slut all afternoon"
"You've only role played being a slut," Tommy said. "It's obvious that you and Nick are classy people."
"We'll have to get going" I said.
"Can we take the KY jelly?" Mimi asked.
"Of course," Tommy said handing it to me. I put it in my bag.
"We'll come with you," Steve said, "Our apartment is in the same direction."
They locked all their gear away in a secure cupboard and closed the blinds and we went down to the street.
We walked down the road. Mimi was still getting plenty of admiring looks and she was still enjoying it. We came to Arturo's. Jose came and hugged the four of us. He obviously knew Steve and Tommy.
I regretted showing Tommy and Steve the video although I was sure they wouldn't mention it.
We renewed our farewells and walked on. We passed an alley next to Arturo's.
"If you go that way," Steve said, "It'll cut off a big corner and brings you right out by your hotel but don't use it after dark."
They both give Mimi a big hug and a kiss. We shook hands. Steve pulled a card from his back pocket and gave it to me.
"Look us up if you come back to the island," he said.
We walked down the alley. It was obvious there were some shady places along it but that would only kick in at night.
The end of the alley was right opposite Rosa's.
"We should eat," I said
"Okay," Mimi said, "I am quite hungry."
We crossed over and sat at a terrace table.
"Hello again," Lisa said, "What can I do for you?"
I asked her to recommend something to eat.
"If you want something substantial to last you until the morning you should try the Sofrit pages," she suggested. "It's a mixed meat and sausage stew. You'll love it and it's today's special so you won't have to wait long."
I ordered two bowls and a carafe of house white.
"That sounds a bit heavy," Mimi said.
"We haven't eaten properly for days," I said, "just eat what you can."
"I've had lots of sausage," she said, giggling.
The wine arrived followed shortly by the stew and a large plate of bread.
It was really tasty and we both enjoyed it. By the time we sat back we had both emptied our bowls and demolished half of the bread.
"That was gorgeous," Mimi said. "That's the best meal we've had this holiday."
I had to agree. I fished out the card that Jose had given me for the London restaurant and wrote down the name of the dish.
We took our time finishing the wine before heading back to the apartment.
We sat on the balcony sipping a glass of white wine.
"This has been a great holiday," Mimi said. "You've allowed me to fulfil a lot of my fantasies."
"They have been my fantasies as well," I replied. "I've encouraged you all the way"
"It started as just the showing off but as the holiday has gone on it has progressed further than that," She continued. "I still like being admired but I have really enjoyed giving myself to all these strangers."
"I've enjoyed sharing you with them," I replied. "I love watching your excitement and the satisfaction you get from it. You get to a high that I could never take you to on my own."
"So you don't mind me fucking all these different guys?"
"As long as I am with you I really enjoy it. I wouldn't want you sneaking off to fuck someone without my knowledge but that hasn't happened."
"And it never will, I promise. The best thing about these experiences is that I am sharing them with you. Do you think we will be able to have more adventures when we get home?" she asked.
"I don't see why not as long as we are discreet. It couldn't be as regular as it has been while we've been away," I replied, "but our club membership will certainly open new doors and opportunities." "I love you dearly," Mimi said.
"I love you too," I replied. "As you said Raul summed it up perfectly. Our relationship is strong enough to allow some experiments without causing problems."
I got us another wine.
"Are you going to sing tonight," I asked Mimi.
"Probably, you know I like singing nearly as much as I like showing off," she replied smiling. "I promise I'll keep my kit on. It's Bianca and Joe's night tonight."
"I hope Joe forgets his spare guitar," I said.
"Why?" Mimi asked. "You're a better guitarist than any of the group from Saturday night."
"I've never played in public though," I said sheepishly.
"Bloody hell, Nick. You've sung in public this holiday, you've fucked me in public," she said laughing, "how much more difficult can it be playing guitar in public!"
"Put like that I guess you're right."
"Anyway, we better get ready."
Having showered at the studio we both just freshened up. After Mimi had finished in the bathroom I shaved and cleaned my teeth.
I settled on a pair of knee length cut-off jeans and a red Caribbean shirt emblazoned with parrots.
"I hope you have another of those shirts clean," Mimi said, "I want to wear one for the spa tomorrow."
"There are two," I replied. "You can choose whichever you want and I'll wear the other to go home in."
Mimi looked stunning as always in a full length gypsy style skirt with a matching top that showed her curves. She had frizzed her hair and looked every inch like a 70's hippy chick.
"How do you do it?" I said. "Every man that sees you tonight will want to get you into bed."
"Have you looked in the mirror lately?" she replied. "You need a serious shot of self esteem. You are by far the best looking man I've seen on this holiday and I expect most women who see you feel the same. You proudly show me off; let me do the same with you."
I blushed.
"Just be confident." She said. "Come on, we've just got time for a quickie. In the bar I mean," she said giggling.
I grabbed my bag and followed her out of the door.
I ordered us a both a large brandy. We sat at the bar as we knew we wouldn't be staying long.
"You didn't notice how those women looked at you as we walked through the reception, did you?" Mimi asked.
"I can't say I did," I replied honestly.
"You always say how proud you feel when men look at me knowing that they want me," Mimi went on. "I feel the same when women look at you that way but, unlike me, you don't react to it."
"That's because I only want you," I replied. "Why would I want another woman when I've already got the best?"
"It would be nice seeing you brush them off occasionally," she laughed. She gave me a long wet kiss before throwing her brandy back.
"Best we go meet our lift," she said. I knocked backed my brandy and linking arms we walked out of the bar.
The jag was outside the hotel. Bianca and Joe were leaning on the car.
We all hugged and kissed our greetings. The girls got in the back and I sat up front with Joe. It was only five minutes before we turned into O'Connor's car park.
We all climbed out of the car. Bianca grabbed Mimi by the hand and led her into the bar. Joe and I went to the boot. Joe opened it. There were four guitar cases and a smaller case that could have contained anything.
We carried everything in. There were a few tables by the stage that had been reserved for us. The group were already on the stage tuning up.
Tom came over and greeted us all.
"The band kick things off at 8 O'clock officially," he told us, "but it's pretty much ad lib all night."
Two waitresses came over and placed glasses and bottles of wine on the tables. It was obviously going to be a party night
Joe came over to me and handed me a guitar case. "This is my spare. It's a good acoustic. If you're as good as Mimi says you'll be ok with this,"
"Thanks," I said. I opened the case to find a Gibson J4 acoustic, two grand's worth of guitar.
"Are you sure you want to lend this to me?" I asked.
"Of course," Joe replied, "the worse that can happen is you break a string." We both laughed
He took the smaller case and handed it to Mimi. "A friend lent me this," he said.
She opened the case to find a tenor flute. "Oh wow," she said. "I'm not sure I can play any music that you'd want to hear tonight."
"I'm sure we'll find something," Joe said.
"Come and help me tune up, Mimi," Bianca said.
Mimi took the flute from the case and disappeared to the back of the room.
I strummed the guitar and made some minor adjustments to the tuning. Joe was tuning up too. I was surprised to see Michelle from the club tuning a guitar as well. She saw my look.
"I still retain some skills from my earlier life," she said smiling.
Joe started strumming the opening bars of Ralph McTell's 'Streets of London'. Michelle and I joined in. Bianca and Mimi joined us. Bianca joined in the guitar work.
Mimi started singing the lyrics "Have you seen the old man in the closed down market....."
The members of the group joined in and we had a ten man jam session. The girls from the group came and stood with Mimi joining in with the singing.
When the song was finished there were a couple clapping. It was Poppy and a lady I didn't recognise. They both knew Bianca, Joe and Michelle.
Poppy came over and kissed me and Mimi. "This is my partner Jane," she said by way of introduction. I looked a bit sideways toward Joe. The four of us kissed each other on the cheek. Poppy had picked up on my look and whispered in my ear "I swing both ways." I gave her a big smile.
Steve, the lead singer from the band, came over and shook hands with everyone.
"If that little impromptu session is anything to go by it's going to be a good night." he said. "There are a few spare guitar stands if you want to use them. We all took advantage.
One of the singers from the group came over and sat next to Mimi.
"I'm Ann," she said. "I was the one that attempted the backing vocals when you sang 'move closer' on Saturday."
"You did a good job," Mimi replied.
"I hope you don't mind but we've been practising the song and I'd like to sing it as part of our set tonight."
"Of course I don't mind. It's not my song to own."
Ann said thanks and threw her arms around Mimi. Mimi hugged her back and they shared a kiss that was longer than it should have been.
Mimi decided to play something on the flute. She settled on the intro to Jethro Tull's 'living in the past'. It went down well especially with some of the people who had come in after us.
The place was beginning to fill up. It did look like a hippy re-union.
Two guys came over and spoke to Mimi. One asked her if she could play 'Dirty old town'. She explained that it had been one of the first songs she had learned.
"If we get our fiddles can we give a go?" one of them asked.
"We can try," Mimi smiled.
"Do you know the words?" one of them asked.
"Doesn't everyone," she replied laughing.
They went and got their instruments.
It was obvious these were Irish fiddle players not violinists. They played a couple of bars to tune up then nodded to Mimi.
Mimi stood in between them and played the intro. The fiddlers joined in after the first refrain.
"Sing," one of them said to Mimi.
She only sang the first line before nearly everyone in the place joined in. The atmosphere was electric. Everybody belted out the song but quietened to let Mimi play the outro.
The applause was long and loud.
Don was playing MC for the night. He went to the stage.
"Good evening and welcome to O'Connor's bar for another night of proper music," he said into the mike. "Please welcome Coast to Coast who are opening tonight's entertainment."
There was generous applause.
Steve stepped to the mike. "I'm not sure we're needed tonight. There seems to be a lot of talent in. We'll try a couple of songs anyway."
They played some great songs and showed that they could play their instruments. The vocals from the girls were excellent.
After a few songs Steve announced that Ann was going to sing a recent addition to their play list.
"It was a song that a guest singer sang with us last weekend. She's here tonight." he said. "Mimi will you do the backing vocals?"
Mimi stood up and Steve helped her up to the stage.
"Move closer," Steve announced. "Feel free to dance."
Ann had really studied the song and caught its sexuality. Mimi was waiting for her chance to join in and the two of them harmonised really well.
Ann beckoned Mimi to the front of the stage and they sang the rest of the song entwined with each other. It was appreciated by the audience.
Steve asked Mimi if she wanted to sing. She gave the Dolly Parton version of 'I will always love you," and her really good version of 'coat of many colours'.
Half way through her first song Raul turned up. He got himself a drink and stood at the bar.
I waved him over.
"Mimi's a great singer," he said.
"She's great at just about everything," I said. "I'm glad you could make it, Raul."
"I've been looking forward to it all day." He said smiling. I introduced him to the company.
The group did a couple more numbers then Steve announced they were taking a break.
"Please welcome on stage our old friends Bianca and Joe"
There was warm applause. They were obviously well liked here.
Joe and Bianca sat on stools and adjusted the mike stands for their guitars and voices.
"We'll start with a Leonard Cohen song," Bianca announced.
They did a beautiful version of 'that's no way to say goodbye'. They followed it up with 'Here comes the sun' and 'Cecilia'. Each song was met with great applause. Bianca stood up, racked her guitar and joined us at the table
"Please welcome Nick on stage," Joe said. "This is very impromptu as we have never played together before.
Mimi and Bianca pushed me to the stage. I picked up my guitar and adjusted the mikes.
Joe spoke to me off mike. "How about 'a little help from my friends' in the Beatles style? " I nodded.
"We'll try another Beatles number," Joe announced
Joe got it started but I soon picked up the song and we harmonised quite well. The audience were joining in. I always felt that was good news when singing on the Karaoke so took heart from that. It was going really well and without discussing it we extended the song by repeating a couple of the verses. When we finished the applause was great. I took some confidence from that.
"You're flying solo now," Joe said off mike as he racked his guitar and left the stage.
"This is a song I've practised a lot. Most people think it's a sad song but it's a song of hope," I said into the mike
I played the opening chords of 'everybody hurts, and when I started singing the place fell silent. I closed my eyes and pretended I was at home playing the song for Mimi. I think I gave one of my best versions of the song. When I opened my eyes at the end of the song people were standing and applauding. Some even cheered.
Steve came back to the stage. "Take a bow Nick that was brilliant."
I racked my guitar and returned to the table. I was shaking as I drained my wine glass.
"You were superb," Raul said.
"I told you that you could do it," Mimi said.
Bianca came over and kissed Mimi and me. "I look forward to jamming with the pair of you if I visit London."
"Do you live in London?" Raul asked. I nodded.
"So do I," he said. "I have a security and surveillance business in Pimlico."
"I thought you worked at the theatre," Mimi said.
"Just a busman's holiday," he explained. "I met Eddie at uni and I come over occasionally to help out. I stay with a friend so it's a paid holiday for me."
"I might need a man of your skills in the next month or so," I said. He reached into his pocket and gave me his business card.
The group had started their second spot. People were dancing in whatever spaces they could find.
Joe was enjoying himself. He dragged Bianca up to dance in the area we had used to tune up. Poppy and Jane joined them. Raul asked Mimi to dance and they joined in the dancing.
Michelle came over to me. "Come on big boy," she said, "let's show 'em how it's done."
It wasn't a request as she half carried half dragged me to the dance floor. We were all having a laugh.
The drinks were flowing and we were all swapping partners on the dance floor. There was a real party atmosphere.
At one point Mimi was clinging onto Michelle like a Koala bear as she danced her all round the bar. Mimi was crying with laughter.
Joe came over and sat next to me.
"You're pretty good on the guitar," he said.
"You're not bad yourself," I replied laughing.
He asked me if I knew 'Duelling Banjos'. I told him I'd played the guitar part a few times.
"Me and Michelle do a duelling guitars take on it," He said. "I reckon the three of us could rip it up."
"Will Michelle mind me joining in?" I asked. Joe explained that they had already discussed it. He told me that when the group finished this spot it basically became an open mike night.
"I'll ask Steve to make sure we're first up," he said.
The group did a couple more songs before Steve called Joe, Michelle and me to the stage.
"Here are two, maybe three, of the best guitarists on the Island. Enjoy"
Michelle played the opening bars; Joe did the banjo refrain, I did the next guitar section, Joe refrained. And so it went on, the tempo increasing. It reached breakneck speed but none of us faltered. You would think we'd been playing together for years.
The performance brought the house down.
I knew straight away that that was my last song of the evening. There was no way to improve on it.
The drinks kept flowing as different people took to the stage to do their thing. The standard was pretty good. We sang along with the songs we knew, danced to a few and had a great time.
I suggested to Mimi that we should leave as we had a reasonably early start the next morning.
I explained to Joe and Bianca and told them to stay and enjoy themselves. I told Joe not to worry about picking us up in the morning but asked if could pick us up from the club at around 5 O'clock. He agreed. Michelle offered to give us a lift back to the hotel.
"Can I get a lift?" Raul asked, "I'm only staying just round the corner from the hotel."
We went round saying goodnight to those that we knew including the members of the group who had sat at the next table. I asked Steve for his contact details and he gave me his business card.
Michelle led us out to the car.
As she drove us to the hotel Michelle asked if we were on the club trip to the Spa.
"We are," I replied, "that's why I wanted an early night."
"I have to be at the club early tomorrow," Michelle said. "I can pick you up at around 8:30 if that's not too early."
"That'll be great," Mimi said. "We need to build some bridges."
I didn't understand what she meant but told Michelle we would be happy to accept the offer.
Mimi whispered in my ear "Can we invite Raul up to the room for a drink?"
"Only a drink?" I asked.
"It may lead to more, hopefully," Mimi whispered.
We pulled up outside the hotel. We got out of the car. Michelle lifted Mimi into her arms and gave her a kiss.
"I wish I'd met you ten years ago," she said.
"I was only ten then you perv," Mimi said laughing.
"You know what I mean," Michelle said. "I'll be here at 8.30. I can't be late for work especially if I'm bringing two VIPs. Don't you lovebirds wear yourself out tonight; big things will be expected of you tomorrow"
We waved her off as he drove away.
"Raul, come and have a drink with us."I said, "We have plenty to finish before we go home."
"Are you sure," Raul said.
"As I said last night I want you to share our bed," Mimi said "and I'm not too tired to enjoy it tonight,"
We walked arm in arm to our apartment
"I'm going to have a shower," Mimi said.
"What do you want to drink?" I asked her.
"Whatever we've got most of," she replied, stripping off in front of us and going into the bathroom.
Raul followed me into the kitchen area.
"You're a lucky man," he said. "I doubt many people find love like you and Mimi have."
I poured three large glasses of red wine.
"Some people would think we're perverted," I replied, "but you are one of the few people who understand us."
We took the drinks to the balcony. I told him we had seen some sights from this balcony and also provided some for anyone watching.
"Exhibitionists and voyeurs all in one," Raul said laughing.
Mimi came out to the balcony naked carrying a towel. She put the towel on the table and sat on my lap. She lifted her feet and rested them on Raul's thigh.
"You're very comfortable in your nudity," Raul said to Mimi.
"Everybody should be," Mimi said, "it is our natural state. I think we should all live naked," she laughed. "Are you going to join me in the natural state of nudity?"
She stood up to allow Raul and me to strip off.
I went to get more wine. When I got back to the balcony Mimi was sat on Raul's lap. It just seemed how it should be.
I filled our glasses and sat down. Mimi lifted her legs into my lap and started rubbing my cock with her feet. Raul was massaging her boobs and stroking her pussy..
Mimi stood up and sat on my lap.
"Share and share alike," she said using her foot to rub Raul's cock.
Mimi took her feet off of Raul's lap and leaned over to kiss him.
"If you give me your seat, I'll give you a blow," she said giggling.
Raul stood up. Mimi folded the towel and placed it on the chair. She sat down. Raul stood in front of her. She took his cock in her hand before taking it in her mouth. She gave him the full treatment, licking the length of his shaft and gently sucking his balls.
She stopped long enough to call me over. I stood next to Raul. Mimi alternated between us.
Once she had us both fully erect she stood up
"Get the KY jelly please," she asked.
I retrieved it from my bag and handed it to Mimi. She smeared our cocks with it.
"Time for some outdoor anal," Mimi said leading us to the balcony wall.
Mimi leaned on the balcony rail. Raul was kissing her and caressing her breasts as I slowly pushed my cock into her anus. Once she felt comfortable I pumped in and out with increasing speed. She turned slowly so she was facing Raul. He lifted her leg and pushed his cock into her pussy. As I pushed in he pulled out and we struck a rhythm. Mimi loved it.
We swapped positions. Mimi reached down and rubbed her clit. She brought herself to her climax with a little help from us.
We sat back at the table with our wine. Mimi was in my lap.
"Did you re-enact your gangbang today," Raul asked smiling.
"We didn't, "I replied, "The bar was shut."
"It turned out a lot better," Mimi said. Between us we told Raul about the Photo shoot experience.
"I wish I could have been there," Raul said. "It sounds very erotic."
"It was," I said, filling our glasses.
Mimi went into the bedroom. She came back holding several belts and stockings
"It was a great afternoon," she said "but I was a little disappointed that none of you took full advantage of me when I was tied up. Would you two like to tie me down and ravish me?"
"I think we'd both like to ravish you, tied or otherwise," I replied.
"Humour me," she said leading us into the bedroom.
We tied Mimi's wrists and ankles so she was spread eagled on the bed. I blind folded her with one of her sarongs and placed a pillow under her bottom to give easier access to her pussy and anus.
"Raul, shall we go for a drink," I said joking.
"Don't you dare," Mimi said.
"I should have gagged you as well,"
""I'd kick you in the balls if I could," Mimi said.
Raul went down on Mimi.
"Here's a man who knows how to treat a lady." Mimi said between gasps.
I went to the drawer and got out the sex toys. I took them into the bathroom and rinsed them clean.
When I came back into the bedroom Raul was sat astride Mimi's stomach. He was giving himself a titty fuck. Mimi kissed the end of his cock as he pushed forward.
"Do you want Archie to join us?" I asked Mimi.
That would be nice," Mimi replied.
"Who's Archie?" Raul asked.
"A friend we met on holiday," Mimi said.
I retrieved the KY jelly from the balcony table, smeared the butt plug with lube and switched on to medium speed. I showed it to Raul before slowly inserting it into Mimi's anus. She gave a little squeal; I would have been disappointed if she hadn't.
Raul moved further up so Mimi could suck his cock. He started face fucking her until he filled her mouth with his come.
I pushed my face into Mimi's pussy, licking her labia and enjoying the feel of Archie vibrating against my chin. I could tell that Archie was having the desired effect as Mimi strained against her restraints.
I moved position so I could push my cock into her pussy. I tried to hold back but I came a lot quicker than I wanted to, pulling out to shoot my load over Mimi's belly.
I got a towel and cleaned my come from Mimi's tummy. Raul and I used the sex toys, our hands and tongues to keep Mimi excited. Archie kept her on the edge. Mimi experienced a couple more wet orgasms.
As she lay back exhausted we untied her restraints and blind fold. I cuddled her to me and gently removed Archie and switched it off.
Mimi lay on her back as Raul and I stroked her body.
"Can I make love to you?" Raul said to Mimi. "No games just proper love making."
Mimi looked at me for approval. "It's your choice," I said.
She rolled toward Raul and took him in her arms. I moved off of the bed and went out onto the balcony.
I sat drinking the wine listening to their love making. For the first time on the holiday I felt things may have gone too far. I knew I had shared her with many men this holiday but this was the first time I had stood aside so she could have another man. I could tell that Mimi was enjoying having sex with Raul but when they had reached their climaxes Mimi said "That was lovely but you're not Nick. I love the sex but only Nick provides the love to go with it."
Relief washed over me.
I went back into the bedroom.
As he was dressing Raul thanked us for a great evening.
"It may not be the last," I said.
After he left Mimi and I had long and passionate sex.
"I love you," she said. "None of them have come close to you."
We cuddled into each other and fell asleep.
Day 14 Thursday 15th July
We were waiting outside the hotel when Michelle pulled up. Mimi got into the front passenger seat and I got in the back.
"You're looking sexy as ever," Michelle said to Mimi, "and looking a lot fresher than I expected." Mimi was wearing one of my loud shirts as she said she would.
"We went straight to bed like the good children we are," Mimi replied.
"Bollocks!" Michelle retorted. "This is Aunty Michelle you're talking to."
The three of us laughed.
"We may have had a nightcap or three," I admitted. "How did the night go in O'Connor's?"
"It went really well," Michelle said. "Joe was on fine form. "
"I think him and Bianca have finally realised how much they mean to each other," Mimi added.
"I'm sure you're right," Michelle said as we turned into the club car park. "Time for work."
We were the first members there.
"I'm glad to see you're keen," Mel said giving us both a peck on the cheek.
"It's the last day of our holiday," Mimi said, "I intend to make the most of it."
"I'm sure you will get plenty of encouragement," Mel
She told us that there was a buffet breakfast being served and the bar was open if we wanted a drink.
"I have to get back to business now," she said. "Hopefully I'll see you later.
We walked to the bar and ordered two large Duroen.
We chose a table.
"This is going to sound slutty," Mimi said "but I intend to get as much cock as I can today and I want you to fuck at least one of the other women."
"I'll help you in your quest," I joked, "but I doubt I'll be tempted to indulge."
Before she had a chance to answer I suggested we got something to eat before the rush started.
We both helped ourselves to a hearty breakfast and finished our Duroen.
People started arriving. Most came over and said hello; we were remembered from the slave night.
Most got breakfast but I didn't see anyone using the bar. There was plenty of tea and coffee being consumed.
The Duroen was already kicking in.
"There are plenty here that I look forward to fucking," Mimi whispered. "It's a shame we can't start now."
Going by the looks she had been getting I'm sure some of the men would have taken her up on it.
"Patience my little sex machine," I said, "You'll be fighting them off soon enough." We both giggled.
"Brandt's just arrived," I said. He had a friend with him.
Mimi walked up to him and kissed him on the cheek and asked him and his friend to join us.
"This is my friend and business partner, Otto," Brandt said.
"This is my wife Mimi and I'm Nick," I said. We all stood and shook hands. I guessed they were both in their early 40's and were both in good shape.
"I know we got off on the wrong foot," Mimi said to Brandt, "but shall we put that behind us?"
"Of course," Brandt replied, "I hope you accepted my apology."
"We did," I said.
"I want to thank you for your very generous donation to the club," Mimi said. "I'm sure I'll be able to think of some way to show my gratitude," she went on placing her hand on Brandt's thigh just below his shorts.
Mimi flirted brazenly with Brandt and Otto making it obvious that she intended fucking them at least once at some point during the day. The guys were lapping it up.
One of the staff came over with a box and a clipboard. Checking our names on the list he handed us each a wristband. "You'll need these if you want to purchase any food and drinks in the spa. They are linked to your membership number and spending will go onto your monthly account."
We each put our bands on.
Mimi had moved her chair so that she was sitting between Brandt and Otto. They were both stroking her thighs. Mimi had put her arms round their shoulders. I just looked at her and smiled.
Mel announced over the PA that the coach would be leaving in 20 minutes.
Mimi jumped up and grabbing Brandt and Otto by the hand led them to the exit.
"Let's make sure we get a good seat where we can carry this on," she giggled. A couple of guys at the next table must have overheard her and followed us out as well.
It was a proper luxury coach with the seating on two levels with banks of four seats facing each other, some with tables.
Mimi led us to the very rear seats on the upper level. Brandt and Otto sat in the window seats. Mimi sat next to Brandt, while I sat next to Otto. The two guys that followed us out sat in the bank of four seats opposite.
I guessed what was coming and took the camcorder out of bag. By the time the coach pulled away, Mimi was kneeling in front of Brandt sucking his cock, while Otto had removed her panties and was finger fucking her from behind.
Mimi stood up. She straddled Brandt and lowered herself on to his cock and started riding him.
"Your shirt's spoiling the view," I said. She lifted it over her head and placed it on the seat next to her.
"Please don't come inside me," she said, "I want to taste your seed. Let me know when you're ready to come."
Mimi rode him a little longer before he grunted something.
Mimi climbed off of his lap and knelt before him again. She finished him off with her hand taking his cum into her mouth.
Swallowing she turned her attention to Otto. He was already erect. Turning her back to him she sat on his lap guiding his cock into her. She teased him a little before riding him at full speed. When she felt he was close she moved so he could finish himself off coming in her mouth.
The three of them adjusted their dress.
Mimi went and sat opposite the two guys who had witnessed all of this.
"I promise you will get your chance before the days out," she said smiling. They both kissed her.
The coach pulled into the Spa car park. Everyone filed off of the coach. Six members of staff from the club greeted us. They were already in their robes. Among them was our old friend Curtis. He gave us a big smile.
"I'm not going to miss out on his big cock today," Mimi whispered giggling.
"Good Morning everyone," one of the four girls in the group said. "My name is Madeleine. I and my colleagues are here to help you in every way we can."
She went on to explain that no personal items except jewellery were allowed in the spa area. She went on to explain that the supplied robes are the only clothing allowed in the spa area. She also explained that all areas of the spar were unisex and covered by cameras except for the toilets.
"You have each been assigned a locker and there are changing cubicles for those who wish to retain their modesty. Enjoy your day and don't forget we are to help you in anyway can."
Mimi and I didn't bother with the cubicles. We just stripped off in front of our lockers and put our robes on.
"You're not hanging around, are you?" Curtis said, shaking my hand giving Mimi a kiss.
"Is this place really anything goes?" Mimi asked him.
"Just about," Curtis said, "as long as it is consensual."
"Do you fancy helping me give Mimi a massage and whatever else she may want?" I asked him`
"It would be my pleasure," he replied leading us to the public massage area.
It was very public. There were two massage tables open to the main passageway that led to the rest of the facilities. There was a viewing area on the opposite of the passageway set out like a mini cinema.
Towels and oils were in plentiful supply.
I took Mimi's robe and hung it on the hooks provided. I placed mine next to it.
Curtis helped Mimi onto the table before hanging up his robe. His cock looked even bigger than I remembered.
Mimi was lying on her stomach. I started massaging her legs while Curtis massaged her neck and shoulders. Mimi wasted no time taking Curtis's cock into her mouth.
A couple of guys had stopped to watch. I handed them the oil bottle and they rubbed it into Mimi's back. I was already massaging her pussy and anus.
"I need to turn over," Mimi said between mouthfuls.
More guys came over and joined in the massaging.
I knew Mimi was on a mission today so I decided not to hang about. I pulled her along the table so I could enter her. I rode gently but sped up before pulling out and coming on her stomach.
"Please fuck me, Curtis," Mimi whispered, "but be gentle. You could do a lot of damage with that weapon."
Curtis did as she asked. He made sure she enjoyed it but he never came himself. I guess he had a long day ahead of him.
Several guys had moved around Mimi; one wasted no time taking Curtis's place. Mimi was already sucking another cock and had one in each hand.
Curtis slipped his robe back on.
"I have to go now," he said, "I have to spread the joy."
"Thanks, Curtis," I said, "I think Mimi's in control now." I said with a laugh.
"Hopefully our paths will cross again later," he said as he walked away.
I watched as five different guys took advantage of the situation and fucked Mimi. They all had the decency to pull out and come on various parts of her body rather than in her pussy.
Mimi blew several more that came on her breasts, neck and face while at least half a dozen just stroked and groped her before jerking off and covering her body with their jizz.
I think she would have stayed there a lot longer if I hadn't intervened
"Come on," I said to her, "let's get you cleaned up. There is plenty more to see."
I grabbed our robes and led her to the nearest showers.
The shower room was located under the massage viewing area. There was a bank of showers and a large communal bath, a stack of towels and robes and a large laundry hamper
"That's inviting," Mimi said looking at the steam rising off of the bath water.
I threw our robes into the hamper. Turning on one of the showers I rinsed the come off of Mimi before we climbed into the warm water of the shallow bath.
We luxuriated in the bath embracing each other.
"Can we join you?" It was the two guys who were on the back of the coach.
"There are no private areas here," I said.
They introduced themselves as John and Joseph and sat at the opposite side the bath. The size of the bath meant there was only a metre or so between us.
Mimi started jerking me. Just below the water line.
I sat her up slightly so her breasts were on display. I kissed her nipples. I helped her stand up showing her body to our bath mates. I stroked her pussy before walking her over to sit her between John and Joseph.
They wasted no time before caressing her. Mimi responded my jerking their cocks. She stood up and beckoned them to join her. She bent toward John and took his cock in her mouth. Joseph moved behind her and inserted his cock into her pussy. It was obvious that they had been waiting a while for an opportunity like this.
Joseph pumped into her like a madman and in no time at all shot his load over back. Mimi sat on the edge of the bath and opened her legs inviting John to fuck her. Like Joseph he was like someone who was desperate and he soon pulled out and came on Mimi's stomach.
They both made their apologies and, after drying off, disappeared into the rest of the spa.
"I hope they're not all going to be that quick," Mimi said laughing.
"It's the effect you have on men." I replied, "They all want to fuck you but can't believe their luck when you let them."
We laughed as we dried each other off and pulling on fresh robes.
"Let's go get a drink," I said.
The bar was the next area on the left.
"What do you want to drink?" I asked.
"Shall we get a bottle of red wine between us," she suggested.
I ordered.
"Look at these," I said pointing at a list of bar snacks. On the menu was Duroen bites. "Should we get a bowl?" I asked.
"Get a large one," Mimi replied, "we might meet people to share with"
Mimi took the bowl of bites and I followed her with the Wine and glasses.
The second booth we came to was occupied by eight men.
"Can we join you?" Mimi asked.
"Ah, Mimi and Nick," the guy sat at the centre said in greeting. "We were hoping to meet you today." He stood and leaned across the table offering his hand.
"I'm Sebastian and these are my friends and associates," he said indicating the guys at the table. "You already know Otto and Brandt," he said. "I hope you'll get to know the rest of us as well over the course of the afternoon."
"I hope so too," Mimi replied with a coy smile.
"Come and sit down," Sebastian said. The rest of the guys shuffled along the bench seats so that Mimi and I could sit either side of him. Sebastian poured us both some wine. He raised his glass and made a toast. "To free speech, free spirits and free love," everyone around the table repeated the words.
Mimi enjoys her nudity but she has mastered the art of teasing. As she offered the Duroen bites round the table she allowed her robe to gape a little giving a partial view of her breasts to those who looked. Most did as they each took one or two of the bites.
As she sat back down Sebastian refilled our glasses.
"So how has your holiday been?" he asked
"It's been excellent," I replied even though I knew the question was not aimed at me
"We go home tomorrow," Mimi said. "We'll have to get back to normal. No more adventures."
"Things will never be normal again unless you want them to be," Sebastian said. "Membership of the club opens a whole new world of adventures. There will be club managers and people like us inviting you to all kinds of events all over the country and Europe too I guess."
"What sort of events do you mean?" Mimi asked.
"When you get home you really have to study the club website," he replied. "Most will end up in very similar situations to this one now; you will end up in the company of several older men who will all want to fuck you. How many that does would be entirely up to you."
If Mimi was shocked she didn't show it.
"It looks like I could be spreading the love for some time to come then," she said receiving a ripple of appreciative laughter.
Sebastian called over one of the spa staff. He spoke to him in what I think was Portuguese. Five minutes later three of the staff turned up with trays of glasses, another of mixers and a third with eight or nine bottles of various spirits.
"Shall we have a party," Sebastian suggested.
Mimi drained her wine and stood up.
"It looks like I will have to be the serving wench," Mimi said laughing.
She moved round the table to where the trays were. Her robe was tied just about tightly enough to keep her half decent.
She went to the first two guys to her right who introduced themselves as Günter and James. She took their order and mixed their drinks. She stood between them and placed their drinks on the table.
"That will be two kisses and a rub of your groins," she said smiling. She reached down and rubbed their cocks as the both kissed her. She moved on to the next couple. The price went up to a kiss on the boobs. The third couple had to grope her bum.
There was only Sebastian and the guy sat next to him left to serve. Mimi poured two large brandies and walked round the table to me.
"One of those is mine. You can pay for yours later," she said kissing me on the cheek. She turned to Sebastian. "What would you and your friend like, big boy?" she asked fluttering her eye lashes.
He laughed and introduced his friend. "This is Zak. He a nice man considering he's American."
Zak leaned over and kissed Mimi full on the lips. "I'll have a Jim Bean please," he said.
Zak was a bit younger than the rest of them. I doubt he was ten years older than me.
Sebastian ordered a brandy.
Mimi sashayed round the table and poured their drinks. She walked back, placed their drinks in front of them and reached over for her own. Before she sat down she announced that the waitress service had finished but hoped to be providing other services over the course of the day.
She sat down between Sebastian and Zak.
"What do we owe you for our drinks?" Zak asked.
Sitting back on the bench she opened her robe she replied "several kisses, and a boob and pussy massage, at least."
Sebastian and Zak were kissing Mimi while massaging her breasts. Mimi was rubbing their cock through their shorts. They took turns rubbing Mimi's Pussy. Sebastian decided it was time for more positive action.
Sliding of off his seat he knelt between Mimi's legs. He buried his face in her pussy.
"Can I suck you cock, please?" Mimi said to Zak. He stood up, dropped his shorts and pushed his cock into her mouth. Mimi went to work on him.
Sebastian stopped tonguing her and pushed his cock into her. She pushed back. They were soon setting a frantic pace.
Zak was face fucking her now. It wasn't long before he filled her mouth with his come.
Mimi was close now and was urging Sebastian to even greater efforts. He was pistoning in and out of her. She reached between them and started furiously rubbing her clit. It was enough to send them both over the edge. Sebastian pulled out and came on Mimi's arm and stomach just as she shuddered through her orgasm squirting her juices on the floor under the table.
The three of them sat back letting their breathing return to normal.
Mimi used Sebastian's robe to wipe his come from her arm and stomach. Taking a large slug of her brandy she said "I have other patients to care for."
She walked over to where Günter and James were sat. "Do you want your medicine?" she asked.
"Yes please, nurse," James replied.
Mimi dropped her robe and sat between them.
I couldn't see everything that was going on but it was pretty obvious that Mimi was jerking both of them. They were definitely fondling Mimi's breasts and probably her pussy too.
Mimi stood in front of Gunter with her back to him. She lowered herself onto his cock and rode him vigorously.She was getting too good at this and as soon as she felt Gunter was coming she performed an almost balletic move. Standing she pirouetted on one foot landing in James lap just as Gunter shot his load on the floor in front of him.
Mimi guided James into her. She pushed his head to her breasts. Although she was only riding him slowly I knew from personal experience that she would be using her vagina muscles to bring him Close.
James grabbed her hips trying to increase the speed. She allowed him a few deep thrusts before pulling away and kneeling in front of him. "The nurse needs her medicine too," she said before jerking him off into her mouth.
She moved on to the next two. "What are your names," Mimi asked.
"I'm Chris and this is Andrew," the older of the two said. Andrew was painfully shy and looked like he wanted to be anywhere else than here.
Mimi sat on his lap and kissed him tenderly. He blushed to his roots.
"I'll try to get you somewhere more private later," Mimi said to him
Chris definitely was no shrinking violet and took Mimi from behind as she leaned on the table. He was also no great lover as he soon pulled out and came on Mimi's back.
As she moved towards Otto and Brandt Sebastian reached over for the brandy bottle.
He filled our glasses.
"Mimi is one incredible lady," he said to me raising his glass, "she really enjoys her sexuality."
"I know I'm a lucky man," I replied. "I love her dearly but I also love sharing her with other men. I'm not arrogant enough to believe I can keep her to myself."
"That's a refreshing view," Sebastian said. "Do you not worry about losing her to someone else?"
"Our love transcends sexual gratification," I replied. "Mimi will enjoy sex with other men but, with one or two exceptions, she only makes love to me. I trust in our love."
Mimi had obviously given Otto and Brandt their second dose as she joined us.
Sebastian poured her a large brandy.
"I was just discussing your relationship with Nick," Sebastian said to her.
"I think he'll be filing for divorce on Monday," she said laughing.
"I know that's not true," Sebastian said. "Seriously, I think you are the ultimate couple without limits."
"I guess we are," Mimi said, "but why are you so interested?"
"I'm a Psychologist and I like to understand human relationships," he replied. "I'd love to study your case closer."
We agreed to get in touch via the club site to meet up in London sometime down the road.
"That's a conversation for another day," I said topping up our glasses.
Mimi started serving the drinks again, this time without her robe. All the Duroen bites were well gone. Mimi was getting groped at every opportunity. She occasionally batted a straying hand away but everyone knew she was enjoying the attention.
"The Jacuzzi's empty," Zak said pointing across the walkway.
"Last one in has to eat my pussy," Mimi said swallowing her brandy and heading for the Jacuzzi.
I caught up with her as she was showering at the side of the Jacuzzi.
I kissed her neck. "Whether I'm last or not, I'm going to eat your pussy," I said. "And seeing as you missed me out when you were on your rounds before I'm going to fuck your arse too."
"Ooh, that sounds nice," she replied turning to give me a big hug, "where do you want me?"
I sat her on the edge of the Jacuzzi and spread her legs wide. I licked her pussy that was now covered in a peach like fur. I fingered her pussy and anus varying the speed and depth of my thrusts. As I could feel her excitement growing I stood up and gently pushed my cock into her anus and was rewarded with her little squeal of delight.
As I built up speed Mimi reached between her legs and fingered her pussy. Somebody had sat behind Mimi and was massaging her breasts and twisting her nipples. She trembled to an orgasm as I shot my sperm deep into her anus.
I lifted Mimi into the Jacuzzi and sat her beside me. The guy that had been massaging her breasts slid in beside her. He cuddled Mimi to him. They kissed each other. I don't know who he was but Mimi was enjoying his attention. He positioned himself between her legs and entered her. Mimi crossed her legs round him and pulled him in deeper. They moved in unison until he filled her pussy with his come. He kissed her on the lips and climbed out of the Jacuzzi.
Mimi turned her attention to James who was sat next to her. It wasn't long before she was astride him riding his cock. Chris came up behind and gently pushed his erection into her anus. They quickly got into a rhythm as Mimi enjoyed her first double penetration of the afternoon. It wasn't long before they both filled her holes with their come.
It seemed any thought of satisfying Mimi was gone and the guys were just using her. It wasn't worrying Mimi as she was fulfilling her aim of getting as much cock as she could.
Günter helped Mimi to her feet. He turned her back to him and pulled her to his lap pushing his cock into her anus. Sebastian approached them and pushed hi cock into her pussy. It looked like double penetration had become the order of the day.
Once they had had their way with her Brandt and Otto moved in. They were a little more passionate employing some foreplay but the end result was the same as they both came inside her.
Zak moved toward her. He stood her up and made her lean forward holding the edge of the Jacuzzi. He took her from behind alternating between her pussy and her anus before coming on her back.
Shy Andrew, guessing he was next in line, disappeared to the toilets.
Most of the guys moved on to the hot springs.
"I want to way lay Andrew and have a word with him," Mimi said. "I think it would be better if you were with me."
We picked up a couple of fresh robes and waited for Andrew to re-appear.
When he came out of the toilets he saw us and turned in the opposite direction. Mimi shouted after him.
"Wait up, Andrew; I only want to talk to you," Mimi called after him. He stopped and turned. We caught up with him and found a table tucked away in a little cubbyhole.
"I'm sorry," he stuttered, "You must think I'm very rude."
"I think you're very shy," Mimi replied. "You just need to get to the bottom of why that is."
"You can speak honestly in front of us," I added. "As you've witnessed we're not exactly a conventional couple."
"I 'm gay," Andrew said. "It wouldn't go down well with my macho group of friends."
"That's nothing to be ashamed of, "Mimi said. "The only thing you should be ashamed of is not being open about your sexuality. There is no stigma attached to it anymore."
"I'm not ashamed of being gay," Andrew said, "but in the city it is seen as a weakness in some quarters."
"That's more a poor reflection on your colleagues rather than you," I said.
"You're right of course," he said. "Although most of the guys I'm with are in similar lines of work I only met them through the club. They convinced me to come on this week to Ibiza. I'm not the only gay member of the club, there are plenty, but I should never have agreed to this."
"That sounds terrible," i said.
"Can I at least have a kiss?" Mimi asked.
"Of course."
They swapped a long kiss. "I don't hate women," Andrew said, "I just prefer men."
We walked back to the hot spring arm in arm. Mimi gave Andrew another kiss.
"Your friends probably think you've just fucked me," she said smiling.
"That won't do my kudos any harm," he replied. "Thanks for the understanding."
Sebastian and his friends had found another couple of playthings for their entertainment. Andrew thanked us again and joined them on the periphery.
We walked further down. There was a lagoon like area at the side of the main bathing area. We climbed into the water.
We started kissing and petting. I stood Mimi up and entered her pussy from behind. After a while I sat her on the edge of the bath and pushed my cock into her anus.
Around ten guys had joined us in the lagoon watching on as we performed.
I was getting excited at the thought of these guys watching us fuck. Mimi must have felt the same as she started trembling slightly. She took me in her mouth. It didn't take long for her to finish me off as I shot my load onto her face.
She rinsed her face in the water and whispered "I'm going to join our admirers."
She moved toward them and sat in the middle of the group.
She put her arms around two of them and said something I couldn't hear but it certainly put smiles on their faces.
The two guys that Mimi had her arms around placed a hand behind her knees. Standing up they opened her legs wide. A third guy started licking her pussy and finger fucked her before standing upright and pushing his cock into her pussy.
Mimi gripped him with her legs and threw her arms round his neck. This allowed one of the guys who had been lifting her to move behind her and push his cock up her arse. I heard her squeal clearly. The guy in her anus didn't last long and came very quickly. The other lifter took his place and entered her anus.
When the guy at the front filled her pussy the guy behind held her up long enough for another to enter her pussy and so it went on until all of the guys had had Mimi in one way or another.
We moved to the far end of the bath house. It was quieter here. There were four older guys sat in the water enjoying a soak. We joined them. They had obviously been at the slave night in the club as they all complemented on our performance. They introduced themselves as Steve, Theo, Archie and William
We talked about the slave night and the club in general.
"The club is a great concept for people of our age," Steve said, "but do you think you youngsters will make use of it?"
"I'm sure we will," I replied, "It will provide a safe environment for us to live out our fantasies."
"And what are those fantasies?" Theo asked.
"I love being naked in front of strangers," Mimi said. "I also like people watching me and Nick making love."
"And I like sharing Mimi with other men," I added.
"I love having sex with other men," Mimi went on, "but it is only that. Nick is my man."
"That's very honest of you," Archie commented.
"Would you let the four of us have your wife?" William asked me.
"She isn't my possession," I replied. "But if Mimi wanted to do that I wouldn't object."
"Do you like older men, Mimi?" Archie asked.
"I like any men as long as they are clean, gentle and try to satisfy me as much as I try to do the same to them. So far I have found older men satisfy my needs," she replied.
"Would you like to join us in the personal washing area?" Steve asked. "We may be old men but we know how to give a lady a good time."
"I'm sure you do," Mimi said. "Please show me."
The four of them led Mimi to an area at the rear of the main bath. I followed on; not because I wanted to join them but I wanted a close up view of what I thought might be a bit special.
They sat Mimi on a mat and using one of the hand showers rinsed her off using their hands to ensure the water reached all areas of her body.
Mimi was already enjoying the attention. Steve ran the shower over hair and sat behind her. Taking some shampoo from the toiletries he massaged it into her scalp. She sank back into his arms.
The other three poured liquid soap on to her body and started washing every inch of her. I could see that her breasts were getting a lot of attention but it was obvious that her pussy was also getting cleaned and Mimi's squeal showed that a finger had entered her anus.
They stood Mimi up and rinsed the soap off. I knew that Mimi wouldn't remain a passive player in this game. She took the liquid soap bottle and kneeling in front of them washed their cocks in turn. It was a soap assisted hand job.
After she had finished washing them she rinsed away the soap and gave each a short blow job.
Steve encouraged Mimi to lie on her back on the mat. He took the shower head and adjusted it so that the spray became a forceful jet of water. William and Theo place a hand behind Mimi's knees and spread her legs. Steve aimed the jet of water at her clit from very close range. The force of the water on her sensitive button made her moan.
Archie moved to sit astride Mimi so he could place his cock between her tits. She knew what he wanted and pushed her breasts together enveloping his cock. Each time he pushed forward she kissed or licked the end of his cock.
Theo and William had spread Mimi's pussy lips wide allowing Steve to direct the water jet directly into her vagina. Mimi was squirming now.
They lifted her legs slightly higher and Steve aimed the jet directly into her anus. Mimi screamed with delight.
Steve played the water along Mimi's pussy until she was squirming with pleasure.
Archie had moved away allowing Theo to offer his cock to Mimi's lips. She didn't hesitate taking him into her mouth and allowed him to slowly face fuck her.
Steve had turned the shower off and buried his face in her pussy. He was licking and sucking her clit. He inserted two fingers into her pussy and a third into her anus. Mimi was very close now and when Steve increased his hand speed to a blur she exploded into her most intense orgasm of the day so far covering his face and hand with her juices.
Steve moved up so he could enter her. He slowly fucked her. Archie and Theo were massaging her breasts.
William was kissing her deeply.
"Do you like anal sex, Mimi?" he asked.
"Yes, very much," she replied.
"Do you like double penetration?" he went on.
"Yes, very much," she repeated.
"Would you like to try it now?"
"Yes please," Mimi answered eagerly.
Theo and Archie moved away allowing Steve to move onto his back while keeping his cock inside Mimi until she was sat astride him.
William move behind them and slowly pushed his cock into her anus. Once he felt Mimi was comfortable he and Steve started pumping into her. Mimi met their thrusts and was soon getting in the zone again. After a minute or two William pulled out. I expected him to cover Mimi's back with his come but he didn't.
Archie and Theo helped Mimi to her feet. Steve rolled out of the way. Archie lay on his back. When Mimi stood astride him with her back to him, he and Theo realised what Mimi wanted.
Theo helped Mimi lower herself onto Archie as she guided his cock into her puckered hole. Once she had lowered herself completely onto Archie's cock she beckoned Theo to her enter her.
This time it was Mimi that set the pace. Starting slowly she built up speed until she was furiously fucking the pair of them. They matched her all the way.
She was getting very close again and, using her feet, pushed Theo away so she could spray her juices into the air.
Archie lifted Mimi off of him and laid her on her back.
Steve and William knelt either side of her head. Jerking off they covered Mimi's face with their cum. Mimi sucked any last remaining semen from their cocks. Archie and Theo took their places adding their semen to that already on Mimi's face. Again Mimi made sure no semen was wasted.
It was too much for me and I needed to cum on her face.
I had been so intently watching that I didn't realise that there was quite an audience watching and most of them were rubbing their cocks
I sat beside her. When Mimi realised it was me she took me into her mouth and jerked me with her hand. I was so excited I came almost immediately. My semen dribbled from her mouth.
"You've attracted another audience," I said lifting her into a sitting position.
Mimi waved them over. She placed her hands on the floor behind her, tilted her head back, opened her mouth and allowed at least ten guys to come in her mouth and on her face and breasts
I used the shower to help Mimi clean up.
"The coach will be leaving soon," I said checking my watch. "Have you enjoyed yourself today?"
"It's been great," she replied. "I've behaved like a slut all day and enjoyed every minute."
I helped her dry off. We threw on a couple of clean robes and made it to the bar area with enough time to grab a large brandy each and a plate of food from the buffet.
"On the coach ride home I'm going to pretend to be asleep," Mimi whispered to me. "I want you to expose me to anyone watching and invite them to grope me."
"What if someone wants to fuck you?" I joked.
"All the better," she replied smiling. She wasn't joking.
We went to the changing room and got dressed. Mimi put her shirt / dress on and did up just enough buttons to keep her decent. She stuffed her panties into my bag. Stroking me through my shorts she said "Let's go get the same seats on the bus." She took me by the hand and dragged me to the coach laughing like a little kid on holiday.
There were definitely less people on coach going back to the club. I guess some had decided to stay longer or had arranged private transport back.
We made our way to the back seat. We were joined by a few guys who were probably hoping for a similar show to the outward trip. It wasn't going to be the same but I knew they wouldn't be too disappointed.
I sat by the window. Mimi made a point of stretching ensuring the hem of her dress rode up to expose her pussy before lying on the seat next to me and resting her head in my lap pretending to fall asleep within seconds.
The coach moved away. Mimi pretended to stir with the movement before settling back.
I squeezed her breast through her dress. When she didn't react I unbuttoned the few buttons she had fastened, opened her dress wide and caressed her breasts.
I lifted left leg and placed it over the edge of the seat resting her foot on the floor. This exposed her pussy fully. I reached down and spread her labia.
The guy sat on the back seat with us looked at me for permission. When I nodded he started stroking Mimi's Pussy before moving so he could lick her clit and pussy lips.
A guy opposite knelt in the gap between seats so he could fondle and kiss Mimi's breasts. He rubbed a finger across Mimi's lips. She sucked it into her mouth. He looked at me and rubbed his cock. I understood what he wanted to do. I just nodded.
He stood up and dropped his shorts. Stroking his already erect penis he rubbed the head on Mimi's lips. She turned her head so he could push his cock into her mouth. He slowly face fucked her.
Emboldened, the guy going down on her dropped his shorts and pushed his engorged cock into her pussy.
Mimi kept up the pretence of sleep even when the guy in her mouth pulled out and came on her breasts.
The guy fucking her didn't last much longer and pulled out to empty his sack on her stomach.
I could see through the window that we had reached the outskirts of the resort.
I sat Mimi up and stripped the dress off of her and used it to wipe the worst of the jizz from her body. Taking some wipes from my bag I cleaned her up further.
I pulled one of my T shirts from the bag and pulled it over her head. I knew it would be long enough to look like a loose fitting dress.
"You can wake up now, we're nearly at the club," I whispered in her ear. She smiled and opened her eyes. I passed her panties to her and she pulled them on.
She leaned over and kissed the guy who had fucked her face.
"Sorry if my breath smells but it only smells of your cock," she said.
Mimi moved up close to the guy next to her that had fucked her.
"I wasn't really asleep and you were a wonderful fuck," she said seductively. "Hopefully we will meet again." They kissed passionately.
The coach pulled into the club car park. It was 5.20.
Joe was waiting in the jag. We said goodbye to those who had shared the day with us. Some of the guys asked Mimi to stay but we had to get ready for the evening.
Joe got out of the car as we approached.
Mimi gave him a kiss. Her eyes were sparkling.
"You look like you've had a good day," he said smiling.
"Not bad," I said.
"It was a bit better than not bad," Mimi said giggling.
"Spare me the details," Joe said. "Where too know?"
"Back to the hotel please," I answered.
I explained that we had to finish packing and would stay local for the evening.
I told Joe that I'd booked a late checkout but needed to be at the Airport by six o'clock. He agreed to pick us up at 5 o'clock.
Joe dropped us off at the hotel at 5.45.
As we walked to the apartment Mimi asked me how many men had fucked her so far today.
"At least thirty," I said, "and there was probably more than that that you blew or just came on you."
"You sound upset," she said.
"Of course not," I replied sweeping her up into my arms as we moved towards the lifts. "I want to share you with the world," I said as I twirled us round. A few people looked over askance.
"You never fucked any of the other girls did you?" Mimi asked.
"The opportunity never arose," I replied. We both giggled.
The lift came and we had a good old school kid snog.
"I'm going to have a quick shower," Mimi said when we got to the apartment. We both stripped off. I followed her into the bathroom and shaved and cleaned my teeth while she was showering.
I dressed in the normal shorts and T shirt. I took the dirty clothes from my back pack and threw them in the case with the rest of the dirty clothes.
Mimi came out of the shower looking radiant as usual.
"Are you sure you want to go to Eduardo's tonight?" I asked her. "You know you'll only get used as a live sex toy."
"I know that but as long as I'm enjoying it, it should be great."
"Just tell me if you think it's getting out of hand and we'll leave," I replied. "Wear something you want to leave behind. Most of it went missing last time."
She selected a tight fitting zip through sheer dress with no underwear. It left very little to the imagination
"You look like you want to be fucked," I said laughing.
"I do," Mimi replied. "Shall we go?"
"Hang on a minute," I said.
I went to the kitchen area and poured the last of the Duroen into two glasses and took them through to the bedroom. They were larger measures than I thought they would be. We knocked them back.
Mimi draped herself around my shoulders and gave me a long passionate kiss.
"Whatever happens tonight it will only be like party games," she said. "You know you are my one and only love."
"And you know I'll be there if you need me." I replied.
"Let's go," She said.
We left by the side entrance.
"I bet a few prostitutes have come through this entrance," Mimi said.
"You're probably right but they will only be with desperate guys looking for sex," I replied.
"They obviously don't know there are girls like me in the word," Mimi giggled.
Mimi got some admiring looks as we walked to Eduardo's bar. In the right light she may as well have been naked.
When we got to the bar Eduardo greeted us warmly.
"You look incredibly sexy," he said to Mimi. "I shouldn't be surprised as I expect you always look sexy."
Mimi feigned embarrassment before planting a long wet kiss on his lips
Eddy, Hamish, Alex, Oris and Raul were sat at the bar. I went along the line and shook their hands. Mimi followed me giving each of them a kiss. She lingered a bit longer with Raul.
The girl behind the bar served us a brandy.
"This is Yvette, "Eddie said," She is a friend of the crew."
"Hello," she said, leaning over the bar to kiss our cheeks. "I may join in some of the games later if you don't mind."
Eddie handed me a memory stick. He explained that it contained the footage from Tuesday evening and said it was one the best yet. I thanked him and put in my bag.
Mimi looked round the bar. Beside the guys we knew there must have been around 15 sat at tables drinking and probably as many again stood outside drinking and smoking.
"I think I might need some help with this many," Mimi said laughing.
"It's still early," Yvette replied, "I expect it will be a lot busier later."
"That's good," Mimi said. Turning to me she whispered "Maybe I can reach 60 for the day."
Two guys came in and went behind the bar and started serving drinks.
Yvette poured herself a large rum and cola and joined us. I stood up so she could sit next to Mimi.
"You don't work here then?" I asked.
"No I was just helping Eduardo until the regular staff arrived," She replied.
"Your English is very good," Mimi said
"I'm from Canada although I've lived on the Island for the last four years," She explained.
"How did you get to meet these guys?" I asked
"I work at the Theatre. You saw quite a lot me on Tuesday. I was Juliet," she giggled
"Oh my God," Mimi squealed, "I didn't recognise you."
"That's good," Yvette replied, "I use a wig, make-up and temporary tattoos to change my appearance. I really enjoy the work but I wouldn't want people who have seen the show approaching me outside."
"That's understandable," I said.
"Mimi, the guys will probably want us to do a lesbian scene later," Yvette said. "Would you be happy with that?"
"I've had a few dabbles at that and always enjoyed it but it's never been in front of an audience," Mimi replied.
"It's only an extension of our exhibitionism," Yvette went on. "I swing both ways and would love to go a bit further with you than we did on Tuesday."
"I definitely prefer cock but I'm getting wet thinking about it," Mimi giggled. Yvette leaned over and gave Mimi a long kiss.
Eddy came over. Speaking to Yvette he suggested that she take Mimi to choose a costume for the night.
Yvette took Mimi by the hand and led her upstairs.
Eddy explained that there was a selection of sexy outfits the two girls could wear for the evening.
He went to the sound booth and got the cordless mike. He kept an eye on the stairs.
When Mimi and Yvette appeared at the top of the stairs he announced "Here are the stars of tonight's show." The cheering and clapping was raucous
Mimi and Yvette walked slowly down the stairs hand in hand. Mimi was wearing a red satin corset that left her breasts bare. Her pussy was on full display above a pair of red hold up stockings. Yvette was wearing a matching outfit in emerald green. Yvette was several inches taller than Mimi and had a fuller figure. They stopped half way down the stairs and hugged pressing their breasts together as they kissed entwining their tongues. I was already getting an erection.
I noticed that the big screen TV over the door showed them coming down the stairs. I later realised that there was another TV above the bar and a third on the rear wall of the bar. All three would show the evenings proceedings in glorious Technicolor.
The girls didn't join us at the bar as expected but went straight to area by the window. They turned toward the bar area and waved to everyone. They turned to face the window and waved to the people outside.
Yvette moved behind Mimi and leaned her forward so her hands were pressed against the glass. She reached round and caressed Mimi's breasts. She squeezed Mimi's nipples between thumb and forefinger until they stood erect from her breasts. Moving slightly to one side, Yvette ran one hand down to Mimi's clitoris and started rubbing it gently. She put her other hand through Mimi's legs from behind so she could finger fuck her at the same time.
Mimi was quivering. The guys directly in front of Mimi on the other side of the glass made it abundantly clear by their hand movements and body language what they wanted to do to her and Yvette. One guy pressed his erection against the glass high enough so Mimi could pretend to kiss it through the glass. The excitement of being watched and the attentions of Yvette soon saw Mimi
climax, spraying her juices onto the window.
This was all shown on the TVs in close-up detail. It dawned on me why the window ledge had a glass top. There must have been cameras or a camera on some sort of monorail. It made for very erotic viewing.
Mimi turned into Yvette's arms and they kissed passionately. Mimi sat back on the ledge and pulled Yvette to her and starting sucking and nibbling her clit. Yvette leaned forward pressing her breasts against the glass. Some of the guys outside kissed the glass where her flattened nipples pressed against the window. After Mimi intensified her efforts and finger fucked her at lightning speed, Yvette shuddered to her own orgasm.
They both walked hand in hand to the closest mattress. Yvette pushed Mimi down on the mattress and lay beside her. They embraced and kissed.
A guy tried to join them but Yvette pushed him away with her foot.
"This is our time," she said to him. "Your chance will come later."
It was obvious that Mimi was not a lesbian but Yvette, with all her experience of the theatre, led her through a very erotic show. It was definitely for the crowd and neither came close to another orgasm. After ten minutes or so they stood and kissed passionately before bowing to crowd outside and turning to bow to those in the bar. There was raucous applause. They came back and joined me at the bar.
"That was very erotic," I said to them.
"It was only a show much like I do as Juliet all the time." Yvette replied. "I wish the three of us could do a more private intimate one."
"I'd like that too," Mimi said, "but we go home tomorrow."
"There's still tonight after we finish here." I said.
"Will you come back to our apartment later?" Mimi asked her
"I'd love to" Yvette replied. "Some proper lovemaking after all the bull shit that will go on here tonight would be nice. I do have to call ay my uncle's on the way. It isn't far from here."
I didn't know what she meant at the time but it would soon become obvious.
Eddie came over and asked the girls if they wanted to take part in a Bukkake session. Mimi and I had seen Bukkake movies on the internet so we both knew what was involved.
"I'm up for that," Mimi said.
"I guess so," Yvette agreed.
"I'll get it started in about ten minutes." He said.
Yvette called one of the barmen over and ordered three glasses of Duroen. We drank them down.
"I'm not part of the act, am I," I said laughing.
"Not here," Yvette said, "but I hope you are later."
"I'm sure we can ensure that," Mimi said giggling.
Eddie announced in Spanish and English that there was going to have a special event that everyone is invited to take part in.
"Are you ready girls?" Eddie asked.
They both nodded. Their corsets were removed and they were led out into the street where two chairs had been placed in the middle of the road. I picked up my brandy and followed them out
"It's still broad daylight," I heard Mimi say to Hamish, one of her escorts.
"That's part of the fun," he replied, "Just think how many will see you perform."
"I'm going to enjoy this," she said smiling.
There were a lot of pedestrians using the street but no road traffic; it was more of a wide alley than a street.
Eddie had followed them out with the microphone. There were a couple of outside speakers mounted above the window.
"Do you want to set any ground rules, Mimi?" Eddie asked. He passed her the mike.
"No rough stuff and no piss. Other than that no holes barred," Mimi said excitedly. It met with some whistles and cheers
Eddie took the mike from her and translated. That led to louder cheers. He passed the mike to Yvette.
"The same for me but no anal," she said before repeating it in Spanish. Again this was met with whistles and cheers. She handed the mike back to Eddie. He asked them both if they were ready. They both nodded, Mimi more enthusiastically than Yvette.
"Let the fun begin," Eddie announced.
Hamish and Alex, Mimi's other escort, wasted no time stripping off. Mimi gave them a hand job before blowing them in turn. Alex produced a bottle of lube from somewhere and massaged her pussy with it
As soon as he was hard enough Hamish lifted Mimi's legs to his shoulders and pushed into her. He didn't bother pulling out and came inside her. Alex emptied his load on Mimi's face.
I looked over at Yvette. Much the same was happening to her.
For the next twenty minutes or so any amount of guys took turns on Mimi and Yvette. They were both covered in cum.
Raul came over to me. "Are you going to put a stop to this?" he asked me, "the girls are just being humiliated."
I could see that Mimi wasn't enjoying it and was about to step in when Yvette stood up.
"Enough," she shouted.
She walked over to Mimi. Pushing a guy away who was about to fuck Mimi and another who was trying to force his cock into her mouth she grabbed Mimi by the hand and pulled her into the bar and up the stairs. I guess they were going to shower..
I went inside sat at the bar and ordered another brandy. Eddie came over.
"Is everything alright?" he asked.
I looked at the TV screen that was showing a rerun of the lesbian scene from earlier.
"You treated Mimi and Yvette like dirt tonight," I retorted. "I know we are an unconventional couple but that was degrading."
"It wasn't meant to go that far," he said apologetically, "but it just got out of hand."
"I know you think I'm a wimp who lets my wife do whatever she wants but I promise you I'm not," I said vehemently. "When the girls come down we are going to get a drink and sit at the back of the bar. Just announce the evening's entertainment has finished."
Eddie announced that the entertainment was over just as the girls came down the stairs. Their hair was wet from the shower. Mimi was wearing her sheer dress. Yvette was wearing a stocking dress that finished mid thigh. Like Mimi she chose to wear no underwear. She looked horny as hell.
A few guys thought that the show was still going on. One of them tried to grope Mimi as they reached the bottom of the stairs. A kick to his chest and a universally understood "Fuck off" put an end to any thoughts of a rerun.
The girls joined me at the bar.
"Have you got room in your bag for these?" Yvette asked handing me the clothes she was wearing earlier.
"Of course," I said stuffing them into my bag.
I ordered a round of drinks and suggested we move to the back of the bar out of the way.
"OK, I'll catch you up," Yvette said.
Mimi and I took our drinks to a table at the very back of the bar. I noticed Yvette having an animated conversation with Eduardo. He handed her an envelope that she stuffed into her handbag. 'A bit of overtime' I thought to myself.
Yvette carried her drink over and joined us.
"I hope I haven't spoilt your night by ending it early," she said, "but we were just being used as cum dumpsters. We deserve better than that,"
"It did get out of hand," I said," I should have put an end to it earlier."
"I enjoyed it at the start," Mimi said," but in the end I felt like a living sex doll."
"I know a group of men who are so much more appreciative," Yvette said
"Tell me more," Mimi said.
"I told you I needed to go see my uncle on the way to yours," she said.
"You did and that isn't a problem," I replied.
"He's not really my uncle. I'll try to explain," Yvette said.
She went on to tell us that her uncle was just a friend of her family and when her parents in Canada became embarrassed by her wayward behaviour they suggested she go stay with Uncle Dave for a while.
"They paid my airfare, one way, and gave me 500 Euros and shipped me out. I think they were hoping a wild year in Ibiza would sort me out and they were right to an extent. Anyway, Uncle Dave took me under his wing and I stayed with him for about 6 months while I found work. He fed me and put a roof over my head and I repaid him occasionally with the only thing I had to offer. It wasn't a chore as I enjoy sex immensely. He was in his late sixties then and was very appreciative. I landed what is basically my dream job at the Pussy Cat after about four months and it was Dave who put a word in for me as he knows Don quite well."
"Now I've moved out," she went on, "I visit him every couple of weeks. Even though I can help him financially now we still enjoy our intimate moments."
"What started as sad turned out to be a beautiful story," Mimi said putting her arm round Yvette.
"So who is this appreciative group of men you mentioned?" I asked.
"My visits to Uncle were never planned as I knew his habits and when he was likely to be in. On the second or third visit after I had moved out I took a bottle of rum for him." Yvette went on. "When I arrived Uncle was having rum with his friend Alan. I discreetly gave uncle 50 Euros and put the bottle on the table. I tried to leave but they insisted I stay and have a drink with them. I ended up sat between them on the couch with a large glass of rum in my hand. I knew how this situation was likely to turn out and the idea really excited me. They both behaved like gentlemen and if I hadn't led them on I doubt anything would have happened. With my encouragement we had an incredible threesome. It was the best afternoon I'd had on the Island up 'til then"
"You would have loved to have been in that situation, wouldn't you Mimi," I said.
"I really would," Mimi replied, "I'm getting a little damp just thinking about it."
"That wasn't the end of it," Yvette continued. "After we'd finished and cleaned up we sat and had some more rum. They told me about a club they were members of, explaining that it was a club for retired gentlemen and would I like to go there for a drink with them. I was a little drunk from drinking the rum but again the thought of all these men maybe wanting me turned me on."
"You could be Mimi's twin," I said laughing.
"Anyway, when we got to the club Uncle led me round the room and introduced me to everyone. There were only about twelve men there and they all looked around the same age as uncle but there were no slobs. These were all very smart clean cut looking guys.
We had a few more drinks and I was ready and hoping for anything.
There was a small dance floor and some music playing. I danced with a few of them but none of them took any liberties, not even a sly squeeze of the bum.
I was dying to be seen and touched by these men. In the end I forced the pace. I dragged Uncle and Alan up to dance. I asked them to strip me. Alan was a bit reluctant but I pleaded with him and before long I was stood between them naked. The room had gone quiet until I asked if anyone else wanted to dance. The floodgates opened and I danced with most of the guys there but now there was plenty of kissing, fondling and stroking. I ended up blowing three or four of them and two of them actually fucked me. It sounds crude but it wasn't at all. They were kind and gentle and treated me with respect, completely the opposite of what went on here tonight."
"That sounds fantastic," Mimi said, "I'd love to go there."
"I go every couple of months," Yvette said. "It restores my faith that there are still good men in the world. Maybe Uncle will take us later. I might have to satisfy him first though," she added laughing.
"I could help you with that too," Mimi said deadpan.
We were just about to leave when Raul came over with a round of drinks.
"Can I join you," he asked before sitting down.
"I wanted to apologise for what happened earlier," he said. "No woman should be treated like that."
"It wasn't your doing, Raul. You have nothing to apologise about," I said.
"But I am associated with them," he went on, "I even considered some of them as my friends."
"I know you're not like that, Raul," Mimi said, "I've seen and enjoyed the real you."
How much longer are you here," Yvette asked him.
"Until the end of the month," he replied, "but I'm not sure I want to do it anymore. I'll do Friday and Saturday and head back to London next week."
"Let's go for a drink after the show tomorrow," Yvette said to him. "Maybe we can find a reason for you to stay a bit longer."
"I'd like that," Raul replied," but definitely not here." We all laughed. He stood to leave. I shook his hand.
"We'll definitely get in touch when you're back in London," I said. "I'll probably have some work for you and I'm sure Mimi would be pleased to see you again."
Actions speak louder than words as Mimi stood and pulled Raul to her and kissed him deeply.
Yvette stood and kissed him. It wasn't as passionate as the kiss he had shared with Mimi but it hinted that their friendship was going to be more than plutonic.
I went to the bar to pay the bill and asked if I could buy a bottle of rum. Eduardo was a lot frostier than he had been on Tuesday night. I guess that was because the place had emptied out considerably and he hadn't got to fuck Mimi again. I settled up and put the bottle of rum in my bag.
As we were leaving Eddie asked me where he could send the recording from tonight. I punched him in the stomach doubling him up. I think he got the message. The three of us walked out arm in arm.
"Are you girls happy walking the streets dressed like that?" I asked half joking.
"This is Ibiza," Yvette replied, "The only thing that will shock passers-by is that you haven't got your knob out," We all took a fit of laughing.
Five minutes later we were at Uncle Dave's apartment.
He answered the door in a dressing gown.
"Sorry I didn't think you would be bringing friends," he said ushering us in to his living room. I was impressed how opulent the place was.
Yvette introduced us. I gave him the bottle of rum. He thanked me. Yvette went into the kitchen and came back with four glasses and an already open bottle of rum. She poured four large measures.
Mimi sat next to Uncle on the couch. Yvette sat the other side while I sat in the armchair opposite.
Mimi, forward as always, hooked Uncle's arm. "What should we call you Uncle or Dave?" she asked.
"I like it when you youngsters call me Uncle," he replied, "it makes me feel important."
"You are important, Uncle," Yvette said. "You know I love you for all the help you gave me when I came to the Island." She handed him the envelope that Eduardo had given to her.
"You've helped keep me young since you arrived," he replied.
"I told Mimi and Nick about your club. Mimi was very interested," Yvette said
"I'd really like to go there, Uncle" Mimi said," but I'd like to have some fun with you first."
"I'll join in too," Yvette said.
Uncle was beaming. "I'm sure my friends there would be pleased to meet you, Mimi," he replied, "and I know they are always pleased to see you Yvette."
I took a large sip of Rum as Mimi slipped her hand inside Uncles Robe and stroked his cock. He showed no sign of embarrassment that I was sat in the room.
Yvette undid Uncle's robe to reveal he was wearing nothing underneath. He also had a better than average size cock that was getting bigger thanks to Mimi's attention.
Mimi unzipped her dress so Uncle could massage her breasts. She stood up and took her dress off.
Yvette went down on Uncle and he now had a very impressive hard on. Mimi stood on the couch and thrust her pussy into his face. He grabbed Mimi's hips and pulled her closer. She moved so she stood astride him.
Yvette pulled her dress up to her chest before lowering herself on to Uncles cock and slowly riding him.
I thought what a lucky man he was. This was most guys' fantasy.
Yvette moved off of Uncle's lap allowing Mimi to lower herself onto his cock. She rode him gently as he and Yvette kissed deeply.
Mimi lifted herself off of his cock and knelt on the floor beside him. Yvette moved to a similar position. The girls jerked him while taking it in turns to lick and suck his dick.
Uncle's breath started shortening. Yvette speeded up her jerking as she and Mimi licked the end of his cock. Uncle came quickly then covering both Mimi and Yvette's faces with his cum.
The three of them sat back onto the couch. It was a truly erotic sight to see the two girls faces dripping with cum.
We drank our Rum and Uncle topped us all up.
"Can we go to your club, Uncle?" Mimi asked.
"We'll have to clean up and get dressed," he chuckled, "but I don't mind if you three want to take me out and get me drunk. My powers of recovery aren't what they were but I might even manage to get it up again before the nights out."
We all laughed as the three of them headed for the bathroom. They didn't close the door and I watched as Yvette stripped her dress off. The girls helped Uncle shower and dry. He went to the bedroom to get dressed.
Yvette pulled her dress back on; Mimi came into the lounge and put her dress on. Yvette came and sat on my lap. "Thank you for allowing that," she said to me," I'll make it up to you later."
"Mimi doesn't need my permission; she's a free spirit," I replied.
"And I love the pair of you both for your honesty and openness,"
She went back to the couch and sat next to Mimi. They started kissing. For the first time on this holiday I wanted to fuck someone other than Mimi and I felt no guilt about feeling that way.
Uncle returned dressed very smartly. I knew I was likely to look out of place in his club but I guess I would be forgiven for bringing Mimi with me.
Uncle knocked his rum back. "Shall we go," he said. We finished our drinks and headed out.
The club was literally directly across the road. Uncle used a swipe card to get access and we followed him in. The place was just a small but upmarket drinking den. There were about 15 older guys sat in groups drinking. The atmosphere lifted when they saw Yvette come in. Uncle took us table to table introducing us to everyone. They all shook my hand and gave Mimi a kiss on the cheek. They were all very polite but I knew Yvette and Mimi were the main attraction. The men were all English speaking ex-pats; going by the accents they were British, Canadian, some Aussies and Kiwis and possibly a couple of Yanks.
We sat at a table near the door. I dug deep into my bag and discreetly pulled out a bundle of notes. I counted it under the table. It came to 560 Euros. I stuffed it in my shorts pocket.
"What drinks do we want?"I asked. The girls asked for rum and cola, Uncle asked for a pint of Lager. I went to the bar and ordered the drinks. I settled on a lager too.
The barman was a typical British landlord. Before he had a chance to ask for payment I took the wad of notes from my pocket and gave it to him.
"I'll pay for the drinks tonight," I said to him, "let me know if you want any more money."
"That's very generous, Sir," he replied.
"Call me Nick," I said shaking his hand. "Chris," he said.
I took the drinks back to the table.
The girls had hardly had a sip before they were asked to dance. They obliged. Chris turned the music up a notch.
They rarely got a chance to return to the table. The dancing was getting raunchier mainly led by the girls. Neither of their dresses left much to the imagination. Mimi had already unzipped the top and bottom of her dress so most of her breasts and all of her pussy were visible.
Yvette had let the hem of her dress ride up to her waist. She had also slipped the straps of off her shoulders allowing the top to fall below her breasts.
Both girls were getting groped but nobody took full advantage of the situation.
Mimi came back to the table to take a sip of her drink.
"These guys are true Gents," she said. "I need to get things going." She swallowed her drink and walked over to a table with three guys sat round it.
Chris brought us over another couple of pints.
"She's a lovely girl," Uncle said.
"They both are," I replied
"If not for Yvette I would have gone home to Canada by now." He said wistfully. "I'll have to go soon before it's too late." I didn't push him for details.
Mimi whispered something to the guy sat to her left as she stroked his groin. He undid his belt and trousers and pushed them down. Mimi helped him push his underpants down. She started slowly jerking him. She used her other hand to completely unzip her dress.
The man sat to her right pulled her dress off of her shoulders. Mimi lifted her bum so he could remove it completely. He placed it on a chair behind him. I went over and picked it up and took it back to where we were seated.
Mimi had knelt on the seat so she could go down on the man she had been jerking. The man who had removed her dress rubbed her pussy and inserted a couple of fingers and started a slow finger fuck. He was also stroking his cock through his slacks. He somehow managed to remove his trousers and underpants. Standing, he moved behind Mimi and pushed his cock into her pussy.
Yvette was also spreading the joy as she sat on one guy's lap while blowing another.
They made their way round the room ensuring no one was left out including Dave from behind the bar. I heard Mimi squeal a few times so she must have been getting some anal attention.
The girls finally came and sat down. I went to the bar for another round of drinks. When I got back to the table the girls had flanked Uncle. They were doing their best to get him excited.
"You're trying to revive a dead bird," Uncle said, "you wore me out earlier and the lager has done the rest." We all giggled.
"I'm feeling tired," he went on. "Thanks for indulging my friends but I need to sleep."
We all drank up. The girls went round and said goodnight to everyone. Dave called me over and pressed a wad of notes into my hand.
"The guys haven't drunk much tonight," he said," I think they were otherwise occupied."
I peeled off 100 Euros. "There's your tip for the evening,"
"That's too much," he protested.
"It's the last night of our holiday and Mimi has absolutely loved it. She's not a slut but she enjoys sex with guys that appreciate it. You gave us a safe environment."
"You know where we are next time you're on the Island." We shook hands.
We walked uncle over the road to his apartment. He didn't invite us in. The girls kissed him goodnight. I gave him a long hug.
"You need to tell her," I whispered.
"You're very perceptive," he whispered back, "and I will soon."
He mouthed thank you as he went into his apartment and closed the door.
"What shall we do now? " Mimi asked.
"Let's go back to your apartment and get it on," Yvette said.
I couldn't raise an argument as the girls put their arms around my waist and led me off toward the hotel.
We went through the side entrance of the hotel
"Shall we go for a nightcap in the hotel bar," Mimi suggested
"We've got plenty to drink in the apartment," I replied. "If we don't drink it it'll go down the sink."
"I could do with a shower," Yvette added.
That clinched it and we took the lift to our floor
"Can I take a shower?" Yvette asked as we entered the apartment.
"I'll join you," Mimi said. They both stripped off their dresses and went into the bathroom.
I went into the kitchen area and checked what drinks we had left. I poured a large Rum, two large brandies and three glasses of red wine and took them through to the lounge.
I took a swig of brandy.
Going through to the bedroom I stripped off and threw my clothes, along with Mimi's discarded dress, into the suitcase with the rest of our dirty clothes.
I could hear that Mimi and Yvette were doing a bit more than showering.
"Can I join in?" I asked walking into the bathroom. They pulled me into the shower. It was a tight squeeze but that made it all the better. We kissed, caressed and stroked each other as the warm water ran over us.
My erection was as big as I could ever remember it. Yvette wrapped her hand round it.
"No wonder you love this cock," she said to Mimi, "let's get dried off so I can taste this." My cock twitched involuntarily at her words
We dried each other off and went through to the lounge. The girls sat either side of me on the couch. None of us had bothered with robes or towels. I handed Yvette her rum.
"This is much nicer with cock," she said
"We haven't got any coke," I said. Mimi and Yvette laughed.
"I didn't say coke," Yvette said.
She took my cock in her hand and slowly stroked me. She poured some of her rum onto my cock before going down on me. I looked at Mimi to check if she was happy with what was going on. She was beaming.
"What does it taste like?" Mimi asked. Yvette poured more rum onto my cock.
"See for yourself," Yvette said.
Mimi sucked and licked my cock. I was so hard I thought I'd explode.
They took turns sucking the rum off of my cock until Yvette's glass was empty.
"Let's try some brandy," Mimi said
They spent five minutes licking and sucking brandy from my cock before pushing me onto my back on the couch. Mimi straddled my head and lowered her pussy to my mouth while Yvette lowered herself on to my cock. I couldn't have stopped her even if I wanted to.
The girls were kissing each other and caressing each other breasts while I licked and kissed Mimi's Pussy. I grabbed Yvette's hips as she rode me faster and faster. I tried to tell her I was coming but a face full of pussy muffled my speech. I couldn't hold back any longer and pulled Yvette down on me, thrust into her as deeply as I could and shot my load deep inside her.
We untangled ourselves and I rolled off of the couch and on to the floor. Yvette lay back. Mimi went down on her and lapped up my cum as it trickled out of Yvette. It was an incredibly horny thing to watch.
So on the very last night of the holiday I had fucked another woman other than Mimi. I didn't feel any guilt as I thought I would and it certainly didn't diminish my feelings for Mimi.
Over the next couple of hours we drank, had sex in the lounge, in the bedroom and on the balcony, drank some more until we ended up sat on the couch again finishing the white wine. I think we had fucked ourselves to a standstill.
Mimi was sprawled in Yvette's arms. I went to the kitchen to see what drinks we had left. There was another bottle of white wine in the fridge and a half a bottle of brandy hidden away at the back of a cupboard. I took both back into the lounge.
I filled up our wine glasses and poured three good measures of the brandy into the glasses from earlier.
"Drink it out of the glasses this time," I joked.
Yvette's hand was between Mimi's legs resting innocently on her pussy. Mimi stretched forward so she could kiss Yvette on the lips.
"You do realise that you are the first woman to fuck my husband other than me." Mimi said to her.
"I don't know whether I should be proud or apologetic," she replied giggling.
"I don't think Nick enjoyed it anyway," Mimi retorted.
"It was Ok after the third or fourth time," I replied. We all laughed. I passed the girls their wine.
"We're off home tomorrow," Mimi said, "can we keep in touch?
"I should hope so," Yvette replied. "It's not every day I try to steal someone's husband while seducing his wife." We all laughed again.
"Where about in England do you live?" Yvette asked.
"We're in London," Mimi answered.
"We might see each other sooner than you think then,"
"Why's that?" I asked.
"When the Pussy cat closes for the winter I come over to London to work in a couple of clubs in the west end," she explained. "I'm usually there October through March."
"You could stay with us," Mimi said excitedly.
"Maybe," Yvette replied, "but it couldn't be like this every night. I've no doubt that we could have some good times together." Mimi looked crestfallen. Yvette pulled her to her and they shared a tongue entwining kiss.
"Don't you go back to Canada to see your family?" I asked.
"I did go back for Christmas a couple of years ago but it didn't go well."
"What happened?" Mimi asked
"When I told my dad what I was doing for work he called me a prostitute and told me to get out of his house. That was the day before Christmas Eve. I flew back to Ibiza and spent the holiday with Uncle before returning to London in the New Year. I haven't spoken to my father since. My mum gets in touch occasionally but only when my dick of a father isn't around," Yvette explained with a tear in her eye.
It was Mimi's turn to comfort Yvette as they hugged tightly.
"Fuck all this miserable crap," Yvette said picking up her brandy. "Let's drink a toast to all the dicks in this world and hope we never cross their paths." The three of us lifted our glasses and knocked back our brandy. I refilled the glasses with last of the bottle.
"You must be feeling left out," Yvette said pulling me to her. We kissed passionately. I reached across her and stroked Mimi's thigh and was rewarded with a beaming smile.
We settled back onto the couch while we finished the brandy.
Yvette broke the silence.
"Nick, will you fuck me in the arse?"
"I didn't think you liked anal sex," I replied.
"I didn't say I don't like it," she said, "I'm just fussy who I enjoy it with.
"Are you happy with that, Mimi?" I asked.
"As long as it is part of threesome sex that we can all enjoy anything goes," she replied.
"Have you got any lube?" Yvette asked. Mimi went to get it from the bathroom. By the time she got back Yvette was kneeling on the couch blowing me with her arse in the air.
Mimi opened the KY jelly and smeared some round Yvette's anus before gently pushing a finger into her. Mimi was also finger fucking Yvette's pussy.
Once I was fully erect Yvette straddled my legs with her back to me. She gently lowered herself guiding my cock into her anus. I let her dictate the pace.
Mimi moved in front of us and fingered fucked Yvette. I grabbed Yvette's hips and increased the speed.
Yvette put her hand between her legs and rubbed her clit. The three-way stimulation made her tremble as she climaxed. It wasn't as violent as Mimi's orgasms but was enough to make her collapse back on me. My cock was still in her anus as Mimi lapped up Yvette's juices.
Yvette rolled of off me.
"Your turn, Mimi," Yvette said.
Mimi eased my cock into her anus. Yvette positioned herself so she could tongue Mimi's clit while giving her a rapid finger fuck. I could feel the movement of Yvette's fingers through the wall of Mimi's vagina.
Mimi was riding me faster and faster and I couldn't hold back any longer. I pulled her down on me and ejaculated deep in her anus. Yvette increased her efforts and Mimi orgasmed just after me.
She flopped back onto me like a rag doll. She pulled Yvette to her and kissed her deeply.
"I'm going to miss all this when we go home," Mimi sighed.
"You'll be top of my visitors list when I come to London," Yvette said.
"We better swap contact details," I said.
"What time is it?" Yvette asked. I checked my watch.
"It's 2.30," I replied.
"I better get going," Yvette said, "I want to check on Uncle. He didn't seem too well earlier. Can I have another shower?" We both nodded.
Yvette came out of the bathroom with a towel round her. I passed her the clothes that I had hung up earlier.
"Wow. House trained as well," she said laughing. "You have a perfect husband, Mimi."
"And I'm keeping him," Mimi retorted.
Yvette got dressed and asked Mimi for a pair of panties.
"I lost mine in the pub somewhere," she said.
"Normally that would sound funny and a little horny," I replied "but understandable after what went on earlier."
We sat in the lounge and exchanged Mobile numbers while Yvette finished her brandy. I gave her my business card.
"Don't you want your dress?" Mimi asked
"It wasn't mine," Yvette replied. "It belongs to Eduardo's. I'm not taking it back. You can keep it as a memento and it is one size fits all."
"Do you want me to walk you back to Uncles," I asked Yvette.
"I'll be fine," she said. "Uncle and Don still have great influence in this part of town. Everyone knows who I am so I'll be safe."
Yvette stood to leave. Mimi stood and gave her a big hug and a long kiss.
"Please keep in touch," Mimi said almost pleading.
"I definitely will." Yvette promised. "I've got to give you your panties back."
I got up and gave her a kiss.
"Thanks Yvette," I said, "You've broken another barrier for me tonight."
"You get a kick out of sharing Mimi with other men," she replied, "don't you think she might get the same kick as you?" I kissed her again.
"Enjoy your date with Raul," Mimi said to her. "He is a truly lovely and perceptive man."
"I'll let you know how it goes," Yvette said as she left the apartment.
Mimi had a tear in her eye. We went back to the lounge.
"We've met some lovely people on this holiday," Mimi said. "I just hope we all keep in touch."
"That's a two way street," I said. "We can always be first to get in touch."
"What do you want me to do with this?" I asked Mimi picking up Yvette's body stocking dress
"Let me try it on," she replied.
She pulled it over her head and smoothed it down her body.
It had looked good on Yvette but it looked stunning on Mimi.
"You look incredible in that," I said.
Mimi checked it out in the mirror.
"That's pretty horny if I say so myself," Mimi giggled, "I think it will have to go home with us."
"We still have some wine left if you fancy another drink," I suggested.
"That will be nice," Mimi replied, "bring it out to the balcony, please."
We sat on the balcony watching the lights opposite go on and off as people returned from their nights out.
"So you finally succumbed," Mimi said.
"The pair of you didn't give me much choice," I giggled. "I feel like I've been defiled." I laughed.
"Seriously, did you enjoy it?"
"Of course I did," I replied honestly.
"Do you feel any different about me?" she asked.
"Of course I don't," I replied. "Do you feel any different about me?"
"Of course not, I've been trying to get you to have other women all holiday. I wanted you to really understand that all the times you let me have other men it never diminished my love for you."
"Did you enjoy sharing me with Yvette?" I asked.
"I really did," Mimi answered, "I found it very exciting."
"That is exactly how I feel when I watch you with other men but I never want to humiliate you."
"I know that," she replied."Is it fair to say that we have an unusual but loving relationship?"
"I'd say that is about right, now such up and kiss me."
We shared a very passionate kiss.
"More wine?" I asked
"Go on then," Mimi replied.
I refilled our glasses.
"This is something else we'll have to rein in when we get home," Mimi said. "We've drunk an awful lot these last two weeks."
"We're on holiday. That's what you do on holiday," I said laughing.
"Do you think most couples our age come on holiday, get pissed and shag everyone they meet?" she asked.
"Probably not, but they would enjoy themselves more if they did." We both had a fit of the giggles.
We finished our wine in silence.
"Come on gorgeous let's go make love to celebrate a great holiday," Mimi suggested.
How could I object?'
Day 15 -- Friday 16th July
We slept late. I woke Mimi with a slow fuck.
"I hope you'll carry on doing that when we get home," Mimi said.
"I hope so too," I replied pulling her to me, sharing a deep loving kiss.
I got up and made tea. We sat on the balcony naked for the last time.
"I'm going to miss the hot weather when we get home," Mimi said.
"We can always chase the sun round the globe," I said only half joking.
We spent an hour making sure everything was packed and made sure all the paperwork was in the travel documents wallet.
We both showered and dressed for the flight home. Mimi, true to her word wore one of my tropical shirts as a short dress. I was pleased to see she chose to wear panties.
It was only 12:30.
"Shall we go to Rosa's for lunch" I asked Mimi agreed.
As we walked to the Lifts our maid was servicing one of the adjacent rooms.
I called her out and gave her 100 Euros as a tip'
"Thank you for cleaning our apartment," I said.
"Gracias, you've had plenty bedroom fun, no," she said.
"We have," Mimi replied without a hint of embarrassment.
She gave me and Mimi a kiss on the cheek. She placed her hand on my groin and turned to Mimi.
"Your man has good weapon, you keep it firing."
"I certainly will," Mimi replied
The three of us had a group hug. She went back to her work and we headed to Rosa's.
I wasn't as hungry as I thought so we both settled on Coffee and Croissants.
"What was your high point of the holiday," I asked.
"There's been plenty," she replied, "but if I have to pick one it was probably the first trip to Enrique's. What about yours?"
"It's difficult to single one out," I answered. "The trip to the cinema was probably my favourite. It was wild but I knew it was a safe place. We met some lovely people too. Joe, Bianca, Yvette and possibly Jim may become friends for life."
"Raul and Luke were nice too," Mimi responded, "and we can't forget Duroen Jose. His contribution made the second week of the holiday what it was."
"That's true," I reflected, "without that there would have been no back street old men's' gang bang."
"I think we were heading that way," Mini said, "but the Duroen sped us along the path."
"It was all pretty good except for what went on at Eduardo's last night." I said.
"But even that led to a good night at Uncle's club and the evening with Yvette," Mimi added.
"Yes. That finally completed the circle," I replied.
We finished our food and made our way back to the apartment.
I got a couple of rum and cokes from the bar on the way.
We sat on the balcony sipping our drinks.
"It seems a lifetime ago since we watched that couple fucking on their balcony," Mimi said.
"The last two weeks have certainly changed our outlook on life," I replied, "hopefully for the better."
"I've let men do things to me that I wouldn't have dream t about two weeks ago. You must think I'm a right slut." Mimi said.
"We've had this conversation before," I replied. "How can I think that? I'm the one who has encouraged you all the way? I've enjoyed showing you off and sharing you with other men. If anything you should hate me for corrupting you."
"I didn't need much leading." She replied.
"Do you regret any of it?" I asked.
"None of it," Mimi replied, "I've loved it all, good and bad, although there hasn't been much bad."
"I've loved it too," I replied, "so shall we agree that we will try to carry on our adventure when we get home, if a little more discreetly?"
Mimi threw her arms around my neck and give be a proper tongue twining kiss. "Promise me we'll do that."
"Well, we're already porn stars on the club site," I said laughing. "There's the booth, the slave night and probably the spa day by now. I'm sure we'll get plenty of offers to make more."
"I hope so," Mimi said.
"Shall we finish the last of the red wine?" I asked.
"We might as well, "she giggled. I got the wine box from the kitchen area and took it through to the balcony. I filled our now empty rum glasses with wine. There was still a little left.
We sat with our arms round each other watching the activity round the pool.
We talked about some of the things that we'd experienced over the last couple of weeks. By the time we'd finished the wine it was time to check out and meet Joe for our lift to the airport.
We took our luggage down to the reception and completed the formalities of checking out. Joe and Bianca were waiting for us outside the hotel. Joe helped me put our cases in the boot. The girls were already entwined in a graphic hug.
"Get a room, girls," Joe said laughing.
They got into the back of the jag while I sat up front with Joe.
The trip to the airport only took about twenty minutes and we were soon saying our goodbyes at the drop off point.
Joe helped me get the luggage out of the boot and I handed him an envelope.
"1500 Euros," I said.
"It should only be a grand," Joe replied.
"It's a bonus for a job well done. You helped us have a brilliant holiday," I pulled him into a man hug and whispered into his ear. "Use it to buy an engagement ring."
"You helped me realise I should do that," he replied but he had to have his joke, "All I need to do is find the right woman."
Mimi and Bianca had found a luggage trolley and brought it over. We loaded everything on and had our final hugs and kisses. The girls were both crying their eyes out.
"Get a grip, you two," Joe said. "Mimi you should be glad you're getting offof this god forsaken island and you, Bianca, should be glad to see the back of them."
It lightened the moment and we all laughed.
We all had one last embrace, promising to keep in touch before Mimi and I went to find our check-in desk.
The flight went well and we landed on time. George, my Dad's chauffer was waiting for us in the arrivals lounge as arranged. We were back in our apartment before 11 o'clock. We dumped the luggage in the lounge. We were both very tired. We stripped off and went to bed; a short cuddle, no thought of sex. We both went to sleep quickly.
The holiday was truly over.
To be continued.