It had been a few weeks since our neighbour Stacy had seen my wife Beccy and I having sex.
Stacy must've been on night's because we hadn't seen her in her apartment since that night.
Today was a normal Saturday, we had been food shopping in the morning then had Henry and Cindy, our friends over for dinner.
Cindy is a long-term friend of Becky. They attended the same high school and went to Uni after.
Over dinner Cindy said to me "I hear you've been fucking in front of the neighbours Matt."
Apparently Becky had told her all about what happened. I shouldn't be surprised, I hear all about Cindy and Henry's sex lives too.
"Not at all," I said, "she happened to be watching us. Anyway it was Becky that started it. She woke me up all horny."
Becky looked over to Cindy. "He's right I was the one that woke him up. It was quite exciting watching someone fucking. She is so hot and the guy she was with had the biggest cock I've ever seen."
Dinner continued with loads more innuendo about what happened that night, lots of laughs were had until Henry and Cindy called a taxi to go home. We said our goodbyes cleared up the apartment and settled down for the evening.
Later that night Becky and I were in bed, Becky asked, "what did you find more exciting watching Stacy fuck that huge cock or that Stacy was watching us."
I replied "I'm not sure, I think it was watching Stacy, watching her having sex was so hot for me. Especially being able to fuck you at the same time."
"I think the best part for me was her watching us." Beccy said. "I loved the thought of her getting off watching my face as you were sinking your cock in to my arse. Even just describing it to Cindy earlier got my pussy so wet."
"Stop it, you're getting me excited, my cock is already semi hard." I said.
"Should we test the theory?" Beccy excitedly asked.
With that. Beccy stood up lifted her nightdress over her head and sat in the chair opposite our bed. This time all the lights are were off so no one could see in, I looked past Beccy as she spread her legs in the chair with her back to Stacy's apartment. It was dark in there so I assumed Stacy was at work.
Becky started to reach down to her pussy opening her pussy lips, she began to circle her clit with just one finger. letting out little moans as she did.
She moved her left hand to caress her swollen nipple whilst this was happening, I reached down under the covers and grabbed my erect cock slowly stroking it as I watched Becky's show in front of me.
Becky spoke, "so what do you think? Are you enjoying the show?"
"I have to admit, you put on a great show, if only there was more of an audience." I said starting to breathe heavily.
"Although if Stacy was watching too she wouldn't see you in that chair with your back to the window." I mentioned "does that bother you with your new found showing off kink."
Becky got up from her chair. She walked over to the bedside table where she took out her dildo. It had a suction cup on it.
Becky said "how about if we do this then?" She walked towards the window and stuck the dildo to the glass.
She bent over in front of it rubbing the the cock along the lips of her pussy. She then bucked back finally taking it into a pussy. I could hear the sound of her wetness as the cock pressed into her.
At that moment Stacy's light in her bedroom came on. She appeared at the window. "Beccy, Stacey's home and she's at the window." I said.
Beccy let out a long moan as she neared orgasm now fast approaching knowing Stacey was there. I had a naughty thought. In that moment I switched on the floor lamp using the Alexa next to where Beccy was stood fucking her cock into her self.
Becca came almost instantly squirting on the glass as she did. I could see Stacey looking straight at her as Beccy composed herself. I stood up and walked over to her, my cock still in hand.
"Get on your knees Beccy, let's give her the full show if that's what you're in to." I commanded.
I knew she would be too sensitive to be fucked straight away after cumming.
Beccy got down on her knees and I positioned her so that Stacy had a view of my cock going in to her mouth. Slowly Beccy took the head into her warm mouth while she gently wrapped her hand around the length. With her other hand she grabbed my arse and rocked me into her mouth.
I looked over at Stacy's. She had pulled up the skirt that she was wearing and was rubbing away at her cunt. "She's fingering her cunt watching you take this cock" I relayed to Beccy.
Beccy took my cock from her mouth and looked over. "I wish she was here so I could taste her" Becca claimed.
I was taken aback by this. Had my straight wife just suggested that she may like to lick some pussy. The thought turned me on more than I already was. I put that in the memory bank to bring up later.
Beccy returned her attention to my cock now licking up the length to the tip and back down again. Her hand had made its way between my cheeks and was now probing my arsehole. She took her finger sucked it in to her mouth before pressing it back in to my rim.
I started to fuck into Beccy's mouth sometimes gagging her. Stacey was still fingering her cunt. She had now taken off the top she was wearing and had pulled up the bralette over her pert tits.
I could see Beccy glancing over checking on her audience,
"I'm so close to cumming in your mouth, how about I eat you out now" I told Beccy
She stood up putting her hands on the window facing Stacy. "Eat me from behind, I need to see her reaction."
I kneeled behind her as she bent at the hips giving me a better line of attack. I spread her arse and started to lick from her clit up to her opening. Dipping my tongue in to her swollen pussy, fucking her with it. Beccy moaned as i fucked in to her with my tongue.
I licked back up to her clit causing her to gush in to my face. I drank in the juices as it rushed out of her.
"Stick your tongue back in me" I need you to fill my cunt!" Beccy moaned. "Yes Stacy lick my cunt, stick that tongue in my cunt, oh fuck me with that wonderful tongue." Beccy screamed as she orgasmed hard.
Beccy pulled away, her pussy again too sensitive to be touched. I stood up a cradled her from behind. Both of us now watching Stacey with her legs spread. She reached over under her pillow grabbing a bullet vibrator.
My cock was hard against Becca's arse as we watched Stacy rub the vibe in circles on her clit. Grabbing her pert tits as she did. Beccy rubbed her hand behind her against my cock.
Beccy got on all fours in front of the dildo, "take me in my pussy, fuck me hard". I got down, rubbed my cock quickly up her lips and into her.
Beccy took the dildo into her mouth tasting herself from it. I began really hammering into her pussy as she struggled to take in the dildo. Stacey was rubbing hard at her clit now and burying her other hand deep into her pussy.
I was so close as Beccy gave up on the dildo and was again screaming for Stacey to lick her cunt. "Fuck in to my Pussy as she licks it, cum in my cunt so I can squirt it in to her mouth."
With that I shot my cum in to her pussy. As I dropped out of her and retreated to the bed, Beccy held my load inside her with her hand. She sat back on to the chair but this time facing Stacey.
Using our juices as lube Beccy grabbed the dildo from the window and sank it into her full cunt. It wasn't long before she was squirting again as the full orgasm flowed through her body.
Stacey had finished too and stood at the blinds control. She blow a kiss and waved as the blind came down to hide the view.
Beccy blew a kiss back and I waved. "So you have a thing for Stacy then" I joked.