Always punctual, I arrived at the door of what I assumed was Mr. Colin Yearwood's apartment at 6:58pm, two minutes before the scheduled meeting and wondering how it had all come to this.
I am Louise Jenkins, a 37 year old married mother of one. My husband, Mark, is, unfortunately, an out of work, 45 year old construction worker. We have been married for almost 18 years now and, by most standards had done well for ourselves. We, or rather the Bank, own a plush 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom detached house in the better part of the city, we each drive a BMW 7 Series (Mark's only being 2 years older than mine) and are putting our only son, Michael, through the last two years of a very rewarding private school education with prospects for placement in some of the best Colleges and Universities in the country. Yes, life and the past 15 years had been good to us, even if I had turned into an awful snob who, despite the historically good money Mark earned, had made him somewhat of a social embarrassment these days.
I do not know how I became the driver in the marriage. Sure I am proud that I had carefully steered my family up the steep rungs of the social class ladder, but I had always fantasized that I would be swept off my feet by a refined, handsome James Bond type who would take care of my every need. Don't get me wrong, I love my husband and, when we were dating, I was the envy of all the girls in our neighbourhood, but, well, it seems somewhere along the way Mark had taken the path of least resistance. He is, or was, a great provider and loving husband, but he just seems to have no passion to advance. I have always stressed how important it is to be seen at the right social functions, volunteering at the most rewarding charity events and always, always looking ones absolute stunning best, but Mark has always been content, when not working, to go to watch his beloved football or potter at odd jobs around the house. I work hard at keeping up appearances and I would often feel drained from the efforts I made and more than a little angry that my family did not truly appreciate nor fully understand what I was doing for them.
Blessed with a slender 5'7" statuesque frame and ample poise gathered from more than 12 years of ballet classes, I had learned early in my working life as a beauty consultant in a major department store, how to put on just the right amount of make-up to bring out ones best features. A penchant for fitted clothing and high heels that complement my long slender legs, I was always the proverbial "eye candy" wherever I went and have always known how to leverage that one advantage blessed upon women. In my own eyes I have only one flaw, and that is the size of my breasts. Although they are still firm and pert, I have always wished I had been blessed with slightly more than a 34B bra size.
Career wise, I had managed to rise to the status of floor supervisor in the city's second largest bank and enjoyed being the Queen B(itch) over my swarm of some 30 staff, mostly other women. I know I could probably run this place better than most of the men I answer to, however, I have accepted the 'glass ceiling' that impedes my advance simply because I am a woman. The few managers that I regularly interacted with I made the effort to befriend or ingratiate myself to, if they were women, or simply manipulate if they were men. I particularly enjoyed manipulating the men, reveling in their discomfort whilst flaunting my sexuality and feel that I have the measure of each and every one of them. Or at least that is how it felt prior to my perfect world falling apart.
After the construction firm Mark worked for went bust I felt the full weight of our financial burden fall firmly on my shoulders and quickly realized it was beyond me. Before I knew it 12 months had gone by and Mark had been unable to find any work and we were rapidly running out of options. I now realized that we should have put more aside during the years of plenty because now we were living solely on credit and even that was drying up. Mark and I argued almost constantly now and all thoughts of intimacy had been lost after we missed the first mortgage payment. Mark had argued that we should sell whatever we could, such as the cars, to reduce the out-goings but I was not having any of that – no matter how much sense it made. I knew my pride was going to be our downfall if I was not careful.
When Mark and I were called in to meet with Mr. Yearwood, a Manager at the Bank, to discuss the deteriorating financial situation, I felt initially relieved that it was Colin who would be dealing with us. I liked Colin because he was quiet, trustworthy, and dependable. Unlike most of the other men I worked with, Colin was what I deemed "safe". Sure I would catch him furtively staring at me as I walked the banking hall, but I never felt threatened by him and considered him someone whom, if I needed to, I could easily manipulate and control. After all, Colin was just a man.
As expected, Colin had read Mark and I the riot act. The clock was now ticking and yet, even after that meeting I still felt that I could rescue the situation; that things would turn around and, more importantly, that Mark would find work. I was wrong on every single assumption I had made. By the time I was called in to see Colin again, some 5 months later, I had been forced to admit that the situation was hopeless. If the bank found out that things were much worse than they imagined; that since the initial meeting with Colin I had gone out and taken loans and credit cards with other institutions, then I would surely get fired. I knew what I had to do.
Without consulting Mark, I gambled that I could get Colin to make all my problems disappear. Colin was smart and well connected. Colin was someone I could control and I decided the best way to get to him would be to manufacture a sexually compromising situation which I could somehow exploit. Which is how, after being called into his office and breaking down like a blubbering idiot, I came to find myself knelt before him giving him what I knew would be the best blow job he had ever had.
What I had not expected was to find out how calm and assertive Colin was and how much I enjoyed being roughly grabbed by my hair and face fucked until I finally swallowed load after load of his thick cum down my throat. Conflicted at how things had worked out I had been speechless and more than a little aroused by Colin's strong dark inner persona. I was just thankful that I had secured Colin's help.
I had gone home that night and, for the first time in a long time, had initiated sex with Mark, much to his pleasant surprise. Despite everything, I realized I still loved Mark and lamented the loss of spontaneity and lust so prevalent in our early years. As usual I had taken command of proceedings and had ridden him until I felt the warm rush of his seed coat my insides. It had been brief, intense and yet unfulfilling as I could not get the image of sucking on Colin's cock out of my mind. It was not until long after Mark had fallen asleep did I slip downstairs to read the contents of the manila envelope Colin had given to me at our meeting.
Inside the envelope was an escape. It was everything Colin said it was, but at a price, the first installment of which is what lead me to be knocking on Colin's apartment door whilst Mark sat, blissfully unaware, at home watching his beloved football games.
###
"Good evening Mrs. Jenkins, do come in, I'm glad you could make it," said Colin as he took the time to allow his eyes to roam up and down my immaculately presented form. "May I take your coat?"
For the first time I began to have doubts, and felt very nervous. I said nothing. What was I supposed to do next? I felt that the time to change my mind had now passed as I entered the apartment. A growing part of me wanted to be here, wanted to be taken care of.
I began to undo my coat and as I opened it, it soon became apparent that Colin was very happy with what he had ordered me to wear. I was wearing a short, flared light black skirt which was three inches above the knee. It was obvious that I was wearing stockings since as I moved to take my coat off the skirt rose a little displaying the tops of my flesh coloured stockings. If I bent in any way forward, my suspenders and arse would clearly be on display. Up top, I wore a neat crisp white fitted blouse that created the illusion my pert little tits were ready to burst through at any moment. I had reached a balance whereby I looked like a girl who could be a strip-a-gram and yet still looked stunning.
As Colin took my coat, he blatantly eyed me up, looking up and down at me and mentally undressing me, lingering at my long shapely legs perched atop my 4 inch heel pumps and smiling as he did so. I felt both powerless and incredibly aroused at the same time. Not since my rather slutty college days, before I got pregnant, had I allowed men to so blatantly ogle me and at that moment I realized just how much I had missed it.
"This way please," said Colin. The apartment was enormous and judging by the corridor alone, luxurious. Expensive pictures were hung on the wall and there were opulent console tables with antique vases on them. Most contained fresh flowers. We walked down the corridor, passing a number of doors until we got to what looked like the study and I immediately could not help but see three cameras on tripods set up in a large triangle and centered on a red chaise longue positioned in front of a large oak desk in the centre of the room.
"Now, my dear, why don't you sit here," said Colin pointing to the red chaise longue.
I slowly walked to the chair and sat down, but as I sank into the deep upholstery, my skirt rose up my legs, and the tops of my stocking and flesh were now clearly on display, as were my white suspenders. I frantically tried to push the skirt down to cover myself up but to no avail. It quickly became apparent that whatever I did, whilst sitting, my legs and suspenders would be on display. All I could do was fold my hands in my lap and look up at Colin. He was just starring at my stocking clad legs, enjoying my discomfort. He looked at me, and he seemed to sense my nervous and aroused state, he seemed to sense I was now feeling excited about what was happening. I could also tell that he in turn was getting very hard as evidenced by the bulge in his pants.
Colin began to talk and to explain how the evening would proceed, including that the entire meeting was being filmed for the benefit of the private investors who would be able to solve my problems. I merely nodded, offering an occasional whisper to the odd question Colin asked about my background. Then, after a few minutes or so, Colin ordered me to stand up.
"Now, to begin with, I think it might help if you just walked up and down the room for me, this will give the investors a good idea of your poise and show off those sexy legs and tight bottom of yours."
I started to walk up and down the room and as I did, the flared skirt would rise up, especially when I turned around, thus showing Colin the suspenders and flesh. Colin was delighted. I had followed his orders on what to wear to the letter. He took particular delight at looking at my arse, beautifully raised up by my high heels.
I was so embarrassed by the way Colin looked at me, but I continued to walk up and down the room and soon I was able to walk with a confident swagger. I started to sway my hips more and would exaggerate the way I turned, allowing my skirt a little twirl and almost showing my panties as a result. I had also become increasingly aroused by all this and my panties were getting slowly damp. Of course there were feelings of guilt, after all, I had not told my darling husband what I was about to do tonight.
After a few minutes, Colin broke the silence. He had watched with delight the way in which my walk had gone from a slow, deliberate walk to one of a confident swagger. More importantly, he seemed to have noticed my look of submission and desire. Had he seen that look many times before in a woman? What else did she not know about the mild mannered Mr. Colin Yearwood?
"Louise, that was lovely. Now please come and stand in front of me."
I walked over to Colin and stood a few feet in front of him. All the time I could only look down at the floor, my chest rising up and down, clearly nervous. Could Colin see the outline of my erect nipples? He was still smiling when I glanced up at his face.
"I am pleased to see that you have followed my instructions on what to wear. That is very important, following direct orders."
"Thank you," came my whispered response.
"However, I need to be sure you followed my orders completely. In particular I need to know whether you are wearing the correct underwear. I think I got a glimpse", Colin mischievously said, "but I do need to be sure. So please raise your skirt to your waist".
My earlier confidence was now giving way to nerves. I really wanted to display everything to this man and I could not stop the feelings in my now wet pussy, but what about Mark? Would he understand the sacrifice I was making? I could either walk out now and lose this opportunity and possibly risk my career; or I could raise the skirt.
I slowly lifted up my skirt, allowing my stockings and white suspenders to fully come into view. I stopped before he could see my panties, not sure whether I could display them for the cameras.
Seeing my obvious reluctance, Colin smiled, "All the way my dear, I need to see everything".
I then raised my skirt up to the waist, allowing Colin to see what he wanted. He could tell that I had, as instructed, worn a matching white thong which he could clearly tell had become damp. Leaning back, he seemed to spend forever just staring at my pussy. This was effectively the first time that any man had seen it, other than Mark, in almost 18 years.
"Now turn around, I would like to inspect your bottom", Colin ordered.
Without hesitation I turned around and put my arse on display. Colin leant forward to get a better look and this time he could not resist touching the goods. He gently placed his hand on my right buttock and slowly stroked it causing a wonderful electric-like sensation to course through my body making my heart beat even faster.
I audibly gasped at the unexpected touch and was now thoroughly turned on with what was happening. My breasts were heaving and I could feel my nipples were about to burst through my bra and shirt. My pussy was now soaking wet. I really wanted this, whatever this would be.
"Tell me my dear, have you ever had your bottom spanked?"
I was shocked by this question, "N-no, never."
Without warning, Colin removed his hand from my arse and brought it back down viciously on to my right ass-cheek. I couldn't help but let out a scream, this was entirely unexpected. Colin then rapidly repeated the process on my left ass cheek and I screamed again.
Then he leaned over and whispered in my ear, "All women need a good spanking, my dear".
I could not stop the low guttural groan that came out of my betraying mouth as I felt my pussy getting even wetter. The unexpected spanking left a warm afterglow that seemed to be spreading through my loins. Was this kind of domination something I had always secretly craved, but knew Mark could never provide? Mark had always been a strictly missionary position man in the bedroom, and not someone who could dominate me as the whore I now felt I secretly desired to become. Was Colin the man to dominate me? But what about my husband?
"Turn around," Colin ordered.
I slowly turned back to face Colin, still holding my skirt up, showing my now soaking wet pussy, something which did not go unnoticed.
"Well done Louise. Now, cover yourself up, we have lots to be getting through and it is getting late." Colin had all of a sudden reverted to his normal banking professional manner. "Sit, sit."
Instead of trying to push my skirt down to cover myself up when I sat back down, I simply crossed my legs, allowing my suspenders and legs to be on display. I focused on Colin, who was going through the terms of my "Personal Services" contract which was to be an integral part of the financial rescue package on offer. I had already read it word for word and decided it was something I could do and, if it allowed me to maintain my lifestyle then all the better.
"What about Mark, how does he feel about all this? Have you discussed this offer with him?"
"No. There is no need. I don't see why he needs to be involved, after all, it's not like he's come up with anything better." Oh my God, I just sounded like a real cold bitch.
"Louise, don't you think your husband deserves to know his wife is, to all intents and purposes, going to be nothing more than a paid whore for the next 3 years or so?"
Shit! I almost choked when he said those words. I had never considered this deal in that context before and it was all I could do to remain composed. I could barely whisper my response, "N..no Mr. Yearwood, this is my choice and I trust you'll respect that."
A small wry smile appeared across Colin's lips. He knows. He knows, was all I could think.
"Very well. Let us proceed." Colin sat in a plush leather chair behind the desk and continued, "Now I want you to take off your blouse and skirt, come to the end of the chaise longue, place your hands on it and spread your legs".
I complied, bending forward and spreading my legs before proudly thrusting my arse out. Here I was, dressed just in my underwear and heels and Colin was beginning to breath heavily as his eyes devoured my body. I had not been so incredibly turned on since my hormones got all screwed up when I was pregnant. He had now got a massive hard on and I needed him to take me, to satisfy the fire that raged within me, to use me in any way that he wanted. I just needed to be fucked.
"You have a fantastic body," he said.
"Thank you." But inside my mind was screaming at him,'Just fuck me already.'
"Your husband is a very lucky man. Has anyone else seen you like this, dressed just in your lingerie?"
"Er n-no. No one".
"Good, so I am the first." Colin continued to order me to pose in various ways, often he blatantly adjusting his hard on, which was clearly straining his pants. I obeyed, without question and enjoyed taking his orders dressed only heels, stockings, suspenders and bra, but it was time to get to the main event.
He walked over and without warning started to spank my arse again, lightly at first and then much harder. "I love the way your red bottom contrasts with your flesh colored stockings, pretty white suspenders and frilly garters."
I could not believe at how much of a willing slut I had become in such a short space of time. I had clearly wanted this type of rough treatment for a very long time and boy, it was about to get a whole lot rougher...
I gasped and then openly started to groan at the abrupt change in proceedings, but all I could do was stick my arse further out at Colin, almost willing him to spank me. My breasts were so stiff, nipples erect and protruding out of the half-cup bra he had asked me to wear. I licked my lips as I reveled in the attention he gave. This was the way I had always wanted to be treated: roughly, no regard for my feelings and utterly dominated.
"You are quite the whore, Louise"
"Oh please, stop," I pleaded for the sake of decorum as the spanking became harder. I was of course lying, and he seemed to know that I wanted it to continue, I wanted everything to get a lot harder and a lot dirtier. "I am not a whore. Oh G-God, p-please..."
"Of course you are. How else do you describe a wife who leaves her husband at home, allows herself to be stripped naked to just her shoes, stockings and suspenders and then spanked by a man she hardly knows?"
"Ohh, please, stop..."
"Do you do this often?"
"Do what?"
"Strip naked in front of someone other than your husband, and thrust your arse out to be spanked"
I closed my eyes and licked my lips. The whole situation was driving me crazy. "Oh no, please, don't. This is the first time. I never meant it to go so far..."
"And why did you do it for me?"
"Ohhh"
"Why Louise?" There then followed a minute or so of nothing but hard, crisp firm spanks. Nothing was said and all you could hear was the sound of spanking and my groans, which grew louder and louder.
Colin, broke the silence, but still spanking me, "You want to be dominated. You have fantasized about stripping off, about what it would be like to be fucked by other men. Haven't you?"
He was right. I tried to protest, "N-no, I am a good wife..."
"Shut up bitch".
I almost came, the crude talk and spanking was becoming too much.
"You don't want me to stop, do you?"
"Please..." Oh, I was so close to cumming. Colin then did the unexpected, and actually stopped spanking me and started to gently caress my soaking pussy. I was now on the brink of a climax.
"What do you think Mark would say if he knew your pussy had become so wet after being ordered to strip naked and then allowing a man to spank you?"
"Oh please. I d-don't think, ohhhh, he would be too happy. Oh god per-lease...." And then it happened, Colin slid a finger under my thong and into a pussy that had not been touched in this way by anyone other than Mark in over 18 years. My eyes clamped shut as I came with an almighty groan and slumped forward on the chaise longue shuddering.
Panting from my orgasm I heard Colin say, "Now then, come and kneel in front of me. I am sure you know it is rude not to give after you have received".
I got up, turned around and faced Colin. He was right, of course. I dropped to my knees and moved toward his crotch. Colin was now standing in front of the desk. Kneeling in front of him, subservient, he told me, "Take my cock out, bitch."
Unlike last time, I nervously fumbled with freeing his cock from his pants and once I had freed it from its confines I could not help but think how much bigger it was compared to last time. "Now bitch, suck my cock."
I obeyed immediately. I loved to be ordered around by this man and be told what to do. My pussy throbbed at the prospect of sucking this cock and obediently opened my mouth and allowed, for the second time, his cock to enter it.
"That's it nice and gently. Now look up at me. Always look up at me when you suck my cock, you need to know who your Master is".
Oh yes,...Yes! I could not believe I was doing this but I had almost cum again, following his orders. God how I loved sucking this man's cock. I used one hand to caress his balls, holding his dick with the other. My eyes watered up as he again face fucked me.
For a few minutes he continued fucking my face in this violent fashion, not caring one iota that this may be causing me any discomfort, however, after a while he stopped forcing it and merely placed his hands gently behind my head. "That's it, my cocksucking slut, take that dick all the way down your throat. Oh God, that's great. Yes, use your hands to play with my balls. God you were born to suck cock, you filthy slut. When I cum I want you to swallow every drop".
I redoubled my efforts after all, I had learned to be a good cocksucker at college and I felt inordinately proud that I was doing such a good job, making this .... this brute happy in the process. I gently squeezed his balls, eliciting an animal like groan. He was clearly close, as was I. I had forgotten how much I enjoyed sucking cock and it was getting me ready to cum again. I heard myself moan as I dropped a hand down to play with my dripping pussy.
I continued to dutifully stare up at Colin and hoped that he would see that I was now playing with my pussy, wanting to cum. He was so close, he couldn't possibly hold back any more. Head cranked back, neck muscles straining and with an animalistic shout, he emptied his copious seed down my throat and I gratefully swallowed all I could, cumming in the process, my moans muffled by his still thick cock in my mouth.
I kept his cock in my mouth for a minute or so, sucking every last drop of sperm both proud and disgusted at what I had just accomplished. When he finally took it out, he gently slapped it across my face, smearing me with our fluids. I said nothing, but continued to look up at him. I had never been this submissive before and yet I felt so complete and fulfilled.
Colin surprised me when he suddenly said, "Now, get back on to the sofa, but this time I want you on all fours. Spread your legs so that your pussy is on display and arch your back so I can see your anus."
I gratefully complied to the letter, spreading my legs and arching my back so that I could feel the chill of the air on my anus, excited at the prospect that Colin was still able and wanting to fuck me. From this position I was looking directly into the lens of one of the cameras that had recorded my slide into depravity and yet again I felt the thrill of this knowledge making my pussy throb in renewed anticipation.
Without warning I felt the stinging slap of Colin's hand as it violently struck the already tender right cheek of my arse and I groaned in ecstasy. Instead of trying to crawl away, I proudly thrust my arse out, almost begging to be spanked harder. I could not believe how much I enjoyed being this man's bitch, I would do all I could to please him. I loved the feeling of being spanked, the way the warm glow seemed to set my pussy afire. Groaning even louder, I closed my eyes and licked my lips.
When Colin stopped I wondered what had happened until I felt something nudging at my tiny, virginal arse-hole. It was one of Colin's fingers, lubed up with oil. I yelped more in surprise than protest which caused Colin to administer a stinging slap on my arse cheek and bark, "Silence bitch".
I looked back at Colin over my left shoulder and pleaded, "Oh p-please, what are you doing? I've never done this. I can't do this, I am a happily married woman...."
Colin smiled wickedly at me and inserted another finger up my arse whilst continuing to spank me. "You like being spanked, don't you?"
"Ohhh"
"Admit it, you like to be spanked and treated like a whore."
"N-no"
"Confess. I want you to tell me how you like to be spanked. Say it, bitch"
I didn't want to admit it out loud, but, as they say, the truth will set you free, so I confessed, more to myself than for Colin. "I love being spanked. Oooh God yes, spank my arse. Spank it harder.
So Colin did but now with three greased up fingers rammed up my arse.
I groaned even louder and wagged my arse as the combination of arse finger fucking and spanking made me cum again, for the third time this evening. Mark could barely bring me off once during sex and now this man, this mild-mannered Bank Manager had brought me off three times already. And he had not yet even fucked my pussy yet.
Colin stopped spanking and started to apply oil all over his now fully erect cock.
"Have you ever been fucked in the arse, my dear?"
"Oh God no. P-please don't do that. It's too big and it would never fit. It's dirty and wrong," and yet I felt desperately eager to know how it would feel. "I don't want to be fucked. Please..."
"You are lying, you want to be fucked, however, if you really don't, you are free to leave."
I did not move. I could not believe he had called my bluff. My red arse remained thrust out, pussy and anus fully on display, begging,...no....needing to be used.
"I thought so. Every girl should be fucked in the arse. You will love it."
"No please. It is too big, what about Mark..."
"Forget Mark. You are my whore now. Say it, 'I am your whore', say it."
I groaned, it was true, I was his whore. Saying it would be the final admission that I was fully subjugated to this man's will. That I would do whatever he told me to. Fuck him wherever and whenever he wanted. Up until now, by not admitting it, I could somehow convince myself that I had not become his slut, that I was being coerced or that I did it for my family. But at the same time I wanted to be his whore, wanted to feel his cock in me, be treated roughly with no thought for my feelings. The more he meted out, the more I liked it.
"Yes, I am your whore," I finally admitted. In front of all the cameras and to my utter relief, I was able to admit what I wanted, to shed the shackles and burden of responsibility taken on by being Mark's responsible, respectable wife. I felt free.
"Now ask me kindly to fuck your arse with my big cock".
I could not say a thing, instead I just moaned. I desperately wanted him to fuck my pussy but I knew that he wanted to humiliate me by taking my virginal married arse. Wanting to please this man, I looked back and, licking my lips, said, "P-please fuck me in my bottom with your cock".
"Well, now that you have asked, I will have to oblige. Reach back with your hand and guide my cock to your bottom."
I reached back and felt for his cock. and grasped it. Once again it was rock hard, and if anything it felt harder and wider than it did when he had face fucked her. I nervously placed his cock at the entrance of my arse and then withdrew the hand. Colin then took over.
Slowly and gently at first he pushed his cock up against my anal opening. I couldn't help but resist at first, but with increased force my sphincter yielded and Colin was able to insert the head of his cock in to my arse.
I winced at the pain and tried to crawl away but Colin held on to my waist firmly, preventing me from moving away from his dick. He allowed me to accommodate his girth up my tight arse-hole before slowly and gently pushing the length of his shaft, inch by inch, deeper into my arse before slowly withdrawing and then repeating the process. I found myself adopting a breathing rhythm similar to that used when I had given birth and it allowed me to dissipate the pain and slowly enjoy the steady rhythm of my arse-fucking.
Increasingly I found myself being lost in the sensation of having my arse fucked, of beginning to enjoy the whole disgusting thing when Colin broke my reverie and said, "How does it feel to have a cock up your married arse?"
"Oh please, stop, it is way too big," I lied.
"Admit it, you love having this giant cock up your ass."
Of course it was true, but with those cameras rolling what else did he expect me to say? The initial feelings of pain had subsided and were being replaced by ones of arousal. My pussy once more was dripping wet.
"How do you think you husband would feel if he knew you like to be buggered?"
"Oh please stop, you are b-buggering my poor bottom"
Not for the first time I lied to cover up how I felt, however, my body had already started to betray how I truly felt. Without realising it, I had started to push my arse back on to Colin's dick so that he was able to slide comfortably in and out. As with the fucking of my mouth, I responded well to the rough treatment being meted out, be it the spanking or his crude domineering language. I loved to be treated and talked to like a whore.
Colin now grabbed hold of my hair, jerking it back and started to pound my arse mercilessly.
"Beg me to fuck your ass, slut."
"Oh God yes, please fuck my arse with your cock. Oh God, yes. So fucking good. Fuck me harder with that cock".
Colin hammered into me, all the while holding on to my long brunette hair, pulling my head back, telling me what a naughty slutty wife I was, and if Mark knew that she liked it up the arse. His other hand reached under me to grab my tits, kneading them roughly, leaving big red marks.
Unsurprisingly, I came several more times in response to this rough treatment and the way I imagined it would look to the people who would see the video of this man, behind her, with his cock up her arse, fucking her roughly. I hoped I would get to enjoy watching my performance on film also. As I came I pleaded for him to fuck me harder, to treat me like his bitch.
And he did. He let go of my hair and started to fuck me violently for at least 10 minutes. My whole body shook in response to the assault and I could not stop cumming, again and again, all the time managing to keep my arse high up in the air for him.
Sweat now covered all of Colin's body. He was close to cumming. I felt him tense up, felt the swelling of his cock inside my arse and then, for the first time in my entire life, I felt a man's seed coating the insides of my bowels, forcing its way up where things had only ever come out before. The feelings of his groin slamming into my arse cheeks and the head of his cock buried deep within me spurting its load was heavenly. I never knew something as dirty and disgusting as being fucked up my arse could give me so much pleasure.
I felt Colin extract his still firm cock from my arse with a definite plopping sound and immediately felt his cum begin to leak from my abused hole. I slumped onto the chaise longue, allowing my feet to reach for the floor before turning around to face my new master. He stood, panting yet imperiously looking down at me. Confused at what I should do next and seeing his still semi-erect cock hovering directly in front of me, I reach for it and took it in my hand.
"Suck it", he ordered.
Without hesitation, I opened my mouth and slid it effortlessly down my throat. So willing was I to serve this man that I was quite happy to allow him to fuck my mouth straight after it had been up my arse.
Feeling exhausted, he allowed me to do all the work as I meekly stared up at him. As his dutiful slut I was determined not to displease Colin and would clean up the mess I had put on his cock. It was the least I could do, after the glorious way he had treated me tonight.
After a minute or so Colin withdrew his now rapidly deflating penis from my mouth. He was exhausted. If he was a few years younger, I am sure he would have had the stamina to fuck my pussy, but not tonight. He was done for the evening.
"Thank you my dear. That was quite wonderful. You are a very talented lady, and I can assure you that you will have the full support of my private investors. Now, it is getting late and I must report on your performance. You must return to your husband and inform him that you have solved your problems and that the two of you will need to meet with me in three weeks time to sign the paperwork. Understand?"
"Yes, Colin."
Ah yes, about that. Louise, from now on you are to only ever address me as Mr. Yearwood or Sir, understand?"
"Yes Mr. Yearwood."
"Good. Now, also remember that you will be at my absolute disposal from now on so don't forget about your new dress code. I will be checking regularly."
With that he walked around the desk, sat down and began going through some paperwork as though I no longer existed. With his cum still leaking from my arse, I gathered up my things and quietly exited the apartment.