A long time ago, seems like almost a different life now, a life in which I was unmarried, young, free and single to do as I please...and I did.
Barcelona, early to mid 90's, I forget exactly. We'd had a great night out, me and the lads drifting from bar to bar just having fun and loving life. My memory is a little fuzzy but we ended up back at the place we were staying at and everyone just kinda chilled out, before long chilled out turned to passed out - except me. I was still wired and buzzing for more, so checking my wallet for condoms and money I headed out again alone.
Walking up the Ramblas, it didn't take long before I spotted a club, paid the entrance fee and went in, past the nude pictures of beautiful girls and past a glory-hole area. The place smelt as it should, like dirty sex.
I found myself with a beer and settled in front of the stage for the upcoming strip show, eager to see some tits and pussy!
The girls came on amid cheers from the crowd and started dancing an exotic kinda routine round the poles, throwing off items of clothing as they went. I could feel my cock getting hard and rubbing uncomfortably on my jeans inside so made an adjustment to allow it to rise better. I saw one of the dancers watching me as I did this and kinda thrust it towards her, grabbing it in a "yeah! come and suck this!" kind of way. She smiled, turned, bent over to show her ass then turned back and pointed directly at me.
"ME?" I gestured by pointing to myself, she nodded and gave me the come hither with her finger. The other lady had seen her by now and joined in in encouraging me to come up on stage.
I put my beer down, head racing. "Fuck! but OK, what the hell" I was thinking to myself as I started the walk up to the stage.
As soon as I was there they started dancing around me, running hands over me. I tried to touch them back but was told not to. OK then, no problem! Their hands went to work, my buttons were undone, shirt removed. Then the belt. Bloody hell! Were they actually going to get me naked!! Up here!!
In my slightly buzzed and drunken state it all felt like a dream, unreal, like it wasn't me... then my zip was undone, opened up and my cock sprang out eager to go! I remember her face - smiling with surprise at seeing it all ready for action.
As I looked up and around at the faces all looking up, looking at ME, as well as them it was a surreal moment but one I'll NEVER forget. I got harder and harder as I stood there enjoying the gazes, my nerves gone now as I gave it a wiggle, much to the delight of the ladies in the crowd!
"Fuck this is AWESOME!", I remember thinking just as they got hold of me and directed me to the floor. Totally naked now, jeans and shirt in a pile next to me.
"What now?" I asked, excitedly.
They were unwrapping a condom, it was a stupid question to ask!
"OH MY GOD!" I thought! My cock now throbbing in her hands as she rolled it on and before I knew it, impaled herself on my cock!
You can imagine me, a 20 year old, naked and hard on stage in front of a room full of strangers...FUCKING!!
It was unbelievable, I lay back and enjoyed it, I grabbed for her tits, got a good feel and then...Then she was off! The other one quickly took her place! I could not believe it! This second dancer was super hot, brown hair, not massive breasts but a good handful and she was riding hard, flinging her head back with obviously over exaggerated pleasure but I was loving it all so much!!
Unfortunately they didn't allow me to finish, she got off and I was helped up by both beauties, I'm not sure which, but one of them grabbed my cock, tugged a couple of times and whipped the condom off leaving me fully exposed and hard again in front of everyone, clapping and cheering! My God, what a rush!!
Still naked I was ushered backstage with my clothes, the hot brunette came up to me.
"You were amazing out there! A natural!" her eyes sparkling and hands on my body.
She dropped to her knees. Her mouth quickly found my still throbbing cock and began sucking the tip, her hand gripping and stroking at my shaft with twisting motions. Fuck she was good! I do wonder to this day how many cocks she'd had in that mouth but right then I didn't care...I just wanted to cum. To make her swallow it all. As she worked her magic, my balls tightened and lifted in her grip, and as I held her head I gave her want she wanted and what I needed. She didn't disappoint, staying on me and draining me out.
Ohhh it was a magical night...The night an exhibitionist was born.