Part 2 | Michael gets what he wanted, just not the way he imagined.
Since Michael's unexpected arrival, the situation had become what I can only describe as somewhat tense. For one thing, this amazingly attractive guy had come home to find me, a total stranger, standing in his hallway bare ass naked. For another, I'd been naked with his wife. To his credit, his initial reaction had been reasonably calm. As I sat in the living room I could just make out the muted sounds of a heated discussion coming from the kitchen. Michael's voice was decidedly louder and more agitated and I was starting to worry I was going to find myself in the middle of a serious domestic situation. The only problem was how to discreetly withdraw when every single piece of clothing I had with me was locked in a closet in the room where the argument was taking place.
I walked to the patio doors and looked out into the garden. Fortunately there were several large trees in the otherwise fairly nondescript expanse of grass and shrubs so I was fairly sure I was screened from the neighbours. My head was beginning to throb and so I threw open the doors to let in some air and stepped cautiously onto the patio.
"Yes Kate, I knew he was going to be here. Just not like that!"
Their argument was now suddenly audible. Apparently the garden door to the kitchen was also standing ajar.
"I've explained what was going on. Don't act like you're so shocked. He's gay, what's the big deal anyway?"
"So I walk in and find some guy standing in my hallway with his cock hanging out and my wife standing next to him grinning, and what? I'm supposed to give him a fucking cigar?"
"I'm sure he'd love it if you gave him your cigar," she sniggered.
"It's not fucking funny Kate," said Michael from between what sounded like clenched teeth,
"I'm beginning to wonder who I married. You know I never picked you for a slu-"
There was a sudden short sharp SLAP, not unlike the sound you'd hear dropping a very large steak onto a marble chopping board. Surely he hadn't just hit her? Despite the completely bizarre nature of the situation, the thought that I might have to go in there and get between them flashed across my mind.
"Why did you do that?" It was Michael, the tone of his voice nothing like it had been a moment before. For a moment there was silence before he spoke again in a voice I almost didn't recognize.
"You shouldn't hit like that, it hurts," he whined.
"Oh grow up, I should have done it a long time ago," Kate replied angrily. "Considering what you've been up to the last week, you're lucky you still have your balls!"
"It was a mistake," the voice continued, "I just didn't know what else to do Kate.... I'm such a loser. I'm sorry," he sniffed.
"Not good enough Michael. Not after going behind my back all that time and then actually arranging to go to... her," she said indignantly.
"I know. But I got there and I just couldn't go through with it. She was 15 years older than she said for one thing. And she was...." His breath was heavy.
"She was what? As ugly as the ass end of a baboon?"
"She wasn't you Kate. She wasn't you," he said quietly.
"Well that's the first decent thing you've said since you got home Michael."
"I know. I'm sorry. I should never have asked you for something you couldn't give me."
I could hear her breathing slowly. She must have been just a few metres away, close enough for me to hear her sigh deeply.
"Well I've been doing some thinking about that actually. And André helped me decide something, so you should be grateful to him instead of being pissed off at him." I pricked up my ears on hearing my name.
"I don't blame him; it was just the weirdness of seeing him like that. I hope I didn't freak him out too much."
"Why don't you ask him yourself?" she asked, suddenly stepping onto the patio. I had no time to move back inside and as I shamefacedly opened my mouth to explain how I hadn't intended on eavesdropping, Kate raised her hand and waved away my unspoken excuses.
"I saw you reflected in the glass you silly boy, I knew you were there the whole time. But it's fine, you're part of this now and if anyone has some explaining to do, it's Mikey boy here," she said, jerking her thumb at her husband, who pulled an odd face at her as she did so.
"Why don't you tell André where you went this week?"
"What?" he asked, looking at her as if she'd asked him to tell me his most perverse sexual fantasy.
"Go on," she said, goading.
"I, umm... Went to visit a friend if mine."
"A friend," she snorted. "Remind me what the name of the website was where you met this 'friend' Michael."
"Oh, just one of those social media sites," he replied flatly.
"Oh no. No, you don't get off that easily. It was, let me see... what was it called again?" she asked with theatrical thoughtfulness. "Something with a 4 in it wasn't it Mikey?" I could see a distinctly worried look in his eyes.
"I've got it! Slaves4doms, that was it, wasn't it?" she exclaimed, looking as if she'd just guessed the correct number of jellybeans in a pot at the county fair. Michael caught my eye for the merest second, seeming to check my reaction. His eyes were really a most striking blue, and the combination of them meeting mine and the words I'd just heard threw me into temporary confusion. He dropped his chin and stared at the floor, but Kate was having none of it.
"Slaves4doms, that was it. How could I forget a name like that? So tell André what your 'friend' was looking for Michael. The reason you abandoned your wife for the best part of a week before you came to your senses." If anything, Michaels gaze sank even lower and he struggled to avoid eye contact with either of us.
"Fine, then I'll tell him," she said firmly. "We've been having a few issues with our sex life André," she said, turning to face me. I heard a groan coming from Michael's direction.
"Michael wanted something from me that I didn't feel able to give him. Not then anyway." She looked a little uncertain, pausing to bite her lip.
"Can I ask what?" I said quietly.
"Yes," she said finally. "It's time we got this out in the open once and for all. Michael asked me to be his mistress, and when I told him I couldn't do it he went looking around online for someone who could."
"What do you mean he wanted you to be his mistress?" I said, blinking. "You're already his wife aren't you?"
"Don't be dense André; his mistress. Cuff me, spank me, tell me what to do. Mistress Kate. Miss Katherine." She spoke those last words wryly, and I remembered how she'd told me not to call her that as I joked around with her. Now I understood why it had carried such meaning for her.
Michael's head hung even lower than before it seemed. Kate stepped closer to him, and taking his chin in her hand, lifted his face and held it until he finally, reluctantly raised his eyes to meet her gaze. She looked at him, tenderly now, and without taking her eyes off his spoke softly to him.
"You see André, Michael here is a submissive. I didn't know until long after we were married. He was ashamed to tell me I think. I stumbled on his secret porn stash on the computer, you know the kind of thing," she said, grinning at me. "Well maybe you don't actually. Anyway I confronted him about it. It took time and patience on my part, but finally he confessed to having fantasies of me dominating him, didn't you sweetheart?" she asked, playfully waggling his chin like a puppy's. It seemed to me that Michael looked very unhappy, although as I studied his handsome face I began to wonder if perhaps that was not quite the right word. Cowed; Michael was a man cowed. He seemed to slump visibly, and despite being a good head and a half shorter than he, Kate put her arm around him and began to guide him to the living room. She beckoned at me to follow, and as I walked along behind them, it gave me the opportunity to study them both. She petite but strong, her slender but well formed figure tapering to a narrow waist in her t-shirt, her long smooth legs shown off well in her short skirt. He, tall and broad shouldered, the muscles of his V-shaped back showing through his thin shirt and leading my eyes to a pair of baggy jeans that did little to disguise the fact he had one very fine ass.
Kate guided him to the sofa and more or less dropped him into it, sitting herself close beside him and wrapping her leg possessively around his. I stood awkwardly, remembering her earlier comment about my sitting nude on her furniture. She looked at me smiling, then pointed to the spot on the floor beside her, which I now came to realise was mine.
I knelt attentively near her feet and she looked back to Michael, stroking his arm as she continued.
"You know I didn't plan any of this, right?" she asked me. I nodded. When I thought about what had happened in the last 24 hours it was certainly surprising, but it didn't feel planned.
"I admit, when I got you on the table I was testing the waters a little. I wasn't kidding about having the feeling you were a little submissive yourself. But it was only after you mentioned the whole CFNM thing that I started to wonder if you might not be an interesting test case.
You are so easy to manipulate too André. All I have to do is give those tits of yours a tweak and you're ready to do just about anything, aren't you?" she asked, fixing me with her eyes.
I nodded sheepishly. Kate shook her head slowly.
"You know what I expect from you André. Well?"
"Yes, Miss Katherine." I said quietly. Michaels head snapped up at that, staring first at me and then at his wife. She ignored his look.
"Michael had been talking about his fantasies for a long time, and I have to admit I was a bit lost. I just didn't see myself in a leather cat suit, whipping my husband's ass. Pretty though it is," she smirked, cocking her eyebrow. "So I more or less ignored that side of him. Stupid of me I now realise. I got the shock of my life though when he came downstairs one night and told me he'd been talking to a woman on that website. Someone who was prepared to give him what he wanted."
"What I needed Kate." Michael's voice was hoarse, though whether with regret or excitement I couldn't tell. "What I need, still."
"Yes, I see that now. But you were still a bastard to do that to me and if I didn't love you so much I'd have kicked you out on the spot. I'm just sorry I didn't take you more seriously before it came to that," she said, her eyes wandering to the floor.
"Anyway," she said finally, "he called me last night after you went to bed to tell me he was coming home early. He already knew you'd be here this weekend, long before any of this other stuff happened. So I thought that coming home to find you like this," and she waved her hand to indicate my general state of naked submission, "would be a good way to show him I had... Yes what is the right way to put that I wonder? To show him I have progressed in my views about this whole Miss thing. And that I'm open to experimentation. So I'm sorry I used you André. No wait. Actually I'm not sorry at all and neither are you, are you?"
"No Miss Katherine."
She looked pleased at that, looking at me thoughtfully for a moment before turning back to her husband and once again taking his face in her hands.
"So Michael, I know we have played around a little in the past. I always found your little private strip shows for me sexy, you know that. So I'm sorry I didn't take you seriously. In a way it was your own fault though, trying to force my hand at that party."
"I know," he said in that same hoarse voice. "I'd had a few drinks and this idea just popped into my head. I'd fantasised about it so often and I was so damn frustrated I'd said it before I knew it."
"Said what?" I asked. He looked at me for the first time since sitting down. Looking back at Kate he actually blushed, saying "I was in the kitchen with a few of Kate's friends, and I told them she had dared me to strip for them when she was out of the room."
"Oh Michael, you always sugar coat the truth don't you?" she said, exasperated. "That's another thing that changes today by the way. What you actually said was that I'd told you to strip for them. That I liked telling you to do things in front of other women and that I'd whip your ass if I didn't come back in the kitchen in 10 minutes and find you naked. Do you have any idea how embarrassed I was when Carina told me that later? Or what it was like to walk in on my husband, naked, on his knees in front of 4 screeching women? I don't know what was worse. The fact you had a huge hard on, or the look on your face, like a pig in shit."
I was imagining the scene; Michael stripping, then naked on the floor. He had to look magnificent out of his clothes and going on that beach photo in the frame on the table next to me, I was guessing he had a pretty impressive dick too. He hung his head, ashamed.
"I know it was wrong of me. I just got carried away, and I suppose in my mind you were going to walk in and just be this fantasy Kate I'd always wanted. I'm such a loser." She lifted his chin again to look him in the eyes.
"Listen to me Michael. We're going to put all that behind us now. I've made a decision, and from today things are going to change." He looked at her, uncomprehending.
"You're getting what you want. But it will be on my terms, by my rules."
"Are you serious? You really want to be my...." His voice faded in a rough whisper.
"Mistress. Yes, I do. But I'm serious Mike, there will be rules and you will obey them religiously or it's game over. Maybe game over for our marriage. Understand?"
"Yes, I --"
"Rule number one," she interrupted. "Just to help me get my head around this, and to remind you of your changed circumstances, at home I am Miss Katherine to you from now on."
"Oh my God Kate," he said, almost choking up. "Thank you and I understand Miss Katherine."
"I wonder if you do Michael, but I'm going to let André explain a few things I hammered out with him yesterday. Then we will see if you are still so eager," she concluded, looking back to me expectantly. I looked at his face, wondering at its ability to go from man to boy and back again in an instant. Now his face was neutral as I struggled to state the rules as clearly as I could.
"You must trust Miss Katherine not to harm you or put you in danger. You must be totally honest with her at all times. You must always do exactly as you are told, no questions, no hesitation. And once you agree to these rules, there is no going back," I concluded, relieved I'd been able to get it right this time.
"Good boy," she said, smiling. "Now Michael, you're my husband and I love you. But God help me, you only get one chance at this. I'm doing it for you, and it's not going to be easy. So when I say I expect obedience, I mean it. This is not a game, and I can't turn it on and off like a tap. If we do this, we do it right. My rules or it's all off. And I don't know where that leaves us. Are you getting this?"
"Yes Miss Katherine," he said in a barely audible whisper.
"You have heard and understand each of the rules?"
"Yes Miss Katherine," he repeated.
"We will see," she said evenly. "Now stand up over there," she said pointing to a spot just in front of the sofa. Silently, he pulled himself up and stood uncertainly looking at his wife.
"Tell me what this party fantasy was, the strip show," she continued, her telltale eyebrow shooting up once more. Michael looked very uncomfortable, but he was doing his best to disguise it.
"Well, I imagine you and me, with Carina and Beth and...well you know who I mean."
"Go on."
"And you start telling them how I'm your boy, and how much you enjoy sharing me with your friends."
"And then?"
"You start telling me to strip, make me take it all off right there in front of them while you all comment and ahh... laugh at me," he finished, his face red.
"Yes, the laughing part intrigues me. But we'll come back to that. So what happens once you're naked?" The colour in his face seemed to deepen.
"You make me pose for your friends, showing off my body. They begin touching and examining me. Your control over me is humiliating but I have to follow it through."
"What do you mean by 'examining' exactly? That sounds almost clinical," she said sounding a little puzzled.
"It is in a way," he said, nodding. "Beth's little doll hands are all over me; my chest, stomach, my ah... ass."
"And Carina? What's she doing?"
"She is fascinated by my um, foreskin." Kate snorted at that.
"You men! You all think we are as obsessed with your penises as you are. So what is she doing exactly?" Michael coughed and looked at the floor.
"She's... cupping my balls in one hand and telling me she'll crush them if I make any false moves."
"And the other hand?"
"Her other hand is playing with my foreskin," he answered quietly.
"You mean you're hard and she's basically giving you a hand job?"
"Yes." I had to strain to hear him now.
"Can't hear you Michael," Kate said impatiently.
"Yes...Miss Katherine," he said, swallowing hard. Her eyes travelled down his body as she smirked in a way I was beginning to recognise.
"So my best friend has her hand on your dick, and she's wanking you off. It seems a little tame to me. It obviously still works for you though," she said slyly and nodding towards his crotch. I had been so caught up in what he had been saying I had missed the fact that Michael was showing a very obvious lump in the front of his baggy jeans. My heart started beating a little faster.
"If you get that excited just talking about getting naked for my friends, how much of a turn on would it be for you if I made it happen for real?" she asked, her smile still fixed on her face.
"It would be a dream come true," he said sincerely. "The biggest gift you could ever give me."
"Are you very sure about that Michael? You need to be careful about what you wish for."
"Very sure Miss Katherine," he said resolutely.
"That's quite a statement," she said, raising her eyebrows. "I never realised it was that big a deal for you. But since it clearly is, you'd better start by getting that t shirt off, hadn't you?" she said, her smile sweetening even further. Michael stared at her, his breathing visibly making his stomach rise and fall under his shirt.
"What are you waiting for Michael?" she asked finally. "You want to strip for my friends, here's your chance. André is my friend and I know he'd love to see you strip," she said, turning her eyes to me. "Believe me, it's worth seeing." He stood, frozen and Kate's smile faded as quickly as it had appeared.
"But he's a guy Kate, that's not what I meant."
"I know what you meant, but this is not a good start Michael. You agreed to play by my rules. It's not as if every one of your mates hasn't already seen your cock anyway. If Pete is to be believed, before you met me you'd whip it out in the pub if someone offered to buy you a beer. So, you either start obeying me right now, or I drop this and we never talk about it again. Last chance Michael, make your mind up."
His eyes were glassy as he looked from Kate, to me and back again. For a moment I was unsure what he was going to do, but after a few seconds hesitation, his hands went to the hem of his t-shirt and I was treated to the view of him lifting it slowly, revealing first a flat, defined stomach, then a smooth chest and finally the deep pits under his arms. He dropped the shirt at his feet and stood somewhat defiantly it seemed, staring at his wife. With his shirt off, I could see that the photo I'd seen had not done him justice. There was a smattering of hair on his belly, disappearing under the black waistband of the underwear just visible above his jeans. His chest was defined, but in a natural way not earned at any gym. Two large dark nipples provided a sensual contrast on his otherwise smooth upper torso. In short, he was sexy as hell. She nodded towards his feet.
"Those need to go too." He kicked his sneakers off, dropping his socks carelessly at his feet.
"That's typical of you," she said slyly, "something else I'm going to have to train out of you. Now, let's pick it up a little. Get those pants off." His hands were shaking as they went to his belt, where he proceeded to struggle with its large clumsy buckle. After a moment of this, Kate exhaled in frustration.
"Oh for heavens sake, it's not the opening of Olympics. Help him André," she commanded. I glanced at her, unsure I'd understood correctly, but she waved me toward him impatiently.
"Hands behind your head Michael," she instructed. He complied and it was all I could do to tear my eyes away from the sight of his muscular arms and bushy armpits. My hands were shaking even more than his had been as I struggled with the oversized belt before finally getting it undone. I turned to move back to my spot, when Kate gave an exasperated sigh.
"Why are you stopping? Get on with it!" she said, gesturing towards his pants. I couldn't believe I was actually getting to undress him with my own hands. I popped his top button, and then the next, until I had his jeans undone. I savoured the sight of him standing there, his pants hanging open revealing white patterned boxer briefs.
"Pick it up André," she said impatiently. I tried to pull his jeans down but after a moment realised that baggy as they were, his well rounded backside was holding them up. I looked up to see him staring pointedly at the ceiling. That made me feel slightly less awkward about the fact that reaching around his body put my face just inches from his hard flat belly as I grabbed the waistband of his jeans at the back and pulled, dragging his pants down until they finally slipped to his ankles.
"Now take them all the way off Michael," she said evenly, and as I sat back on my heels to give him room I was able to take him in. He tugged the jeans over his feet and then stood up again, returning his hands meekly behind his head. Now I've always loved seeing a man in his underwear, and Michael looked magnificent in figure-hugging boxer briefs he was wearing. His legs were well muscled, but not overly so and as I let my eyes run up his body, I couldn't help but stare at the obvious bulge in the front of his underwear.
"You like that André?" Kate's question forced me to finally tear my eyes away. I turned to see her looking at me, an amused smile below here twinkling eyes.
"He's very sexy Miss Katherine," I said earnestly.
"Yes, he is, isn't he?" she said, not without pride. "Come here André. Sit beside me." I stood and walked to the sofa, unsure if I was meant to just plonk my bare backside down after her previous warnings.
"Wait," she said and with one swift movement, pulled her t-shirt over her head and folding it neatly inside out, laid it on the cushion beside her.
"Sit on that boy," she said. As I lowered myself, I tried to take in the fact that Kate had been naked under her t-shirt. I'd caught glimpses of her boobs before in class, but I'd never felt the need to stare at them. Now I was able to see how they sat high on her chest, full and round, her large pink nipples seemingly a little hardened by their sudden exposure.
"André," she said amused, "if I didn't know better, I'd say you were staring at my tits!"
I looked up to her face, now an arch smile with a question mark.
"Oh I don't mind, but Mikey might get a little jealous. Come here Michael," she said to him, pointing at the spot directly in front of the sofa. He shuffled over until he was standing with his knees almost touching hers. She looked thoughtful for a moment before raising her hand and letting it rest on the waistband of his underwear.
"So Beth had her hand on your ass" she said, looking up at him. "André you will have to stand in for Beth. She has nicer tits, but we'll have to work with what we have. Well, go on," she said sharply. I reached around his body once more, this time letting my right hand come to rest on the top of his left buttock. It felt as hard as the flank of a racehorse.
"And Carina had your balls in her hand," she mused, her fingertips slipping under the waistband of his boxers. I caught a glimpse of dark hair as she forced her hand down inside. He took a sharp short breath, her hand groping around until I saw the shape of it cup his balls.
"My, how hot they feel, and how soft," she said in mock wonder. He threw his head back as she apparently squeezed his testicles, that now familiar smirk on her face.
"You know the thing about men?" she asked, looking at me. "They're all selfish. This fantasy of his for example, it's basically a question of him getting naked and us wanking him off. Where's the fun in that for us girls?" Michael took another sharp breath, which I took to mean she had tightened the grip on his balls a little more.
"I'll include you in that André, since there's no one else here now," she continued. "The irony is, his turgid little fantasies all seem to involve other women, ogling, groping and supposedly using him for their pleasure when in reality, it's only his own pleasure he's interested in. Apparently I not only don't mind this, I'm supposed to actively pursue it for him. Which I can live with, but what gets on my tits," she said, glancing down at her boobs and giggling, "is that if another man even so much looks at me, he acts as if I'd given the guy a blow job on the spot. Now take your hand off my husband's ass," she commanded. Looking back at Michael, she now used her free hand to give a short sharp tug on his boxers, lowering them an inch or so until the top of his pubic hair came into view. His face was turned up to the ceiling, his eyes closed and I had to wonder what was going through his mind, surely realising now that he was going to be exposed and humiliated further in front of a far different audience than the one in his fantasy.
"He used to be pretty sensational in bed you know, although the last year or so have been, well disappointing. Roll on, roll off, he just blows and goes. Not much interest in me or my needs. Take these for example," she said, lightly brushing her left nipple with her free hand. She shuddered and closed her eyes momentarily. "You're not the only one who with sensitive nipples André. I love having mine teased and licked. He was damn good at it too, I could practically cum just by having his tongue on me...." she broke off, with a small tight smile. "You probably don't want to hear that, but suffice to say, I like it a lot, and in the last year I don't think I've had a single lick. Now is that so much to ask?" she said with a look part way between earnest and amused. I shook my head slowly.
"No Miss Katherine."
"I'm glad you think so," she said, placing her hand on the back of my head and pulling me closer until my face was inches from her breasts. "Blow," she commanded. I did as I was instructed and was fascinated to see her left nipple instantly contract and harden. Out of the corner of my eye I could see that Michael was now looking down, watching, though it was impossible to read his face from this angle.
"Lick it boy," she said, pulling my face closer. I opened my mouth and with the very tip of my tongue took an exploratory lick around the crown of her pink round nipple. She let out a long slow sign, which I took as a sign of encouragement, and so opening my mouth like a babe, I enclosed the whole nub of her breast in my mouth, suckling. Michael let out a low moan, though whether it was from jealousy, longing or the fact Kate had tightened her grip on his balls in the throes of her pleasure, I couldn't tell. She pulled my head to her other breast, where I repeated the performance; blowing, licking and suckling until after a few long minutes, she released me and pushed me gently away. Her face was a little flushed, but she smiled at me as she seemed to study me quizzically for a moment.
"How does a gay boy get to be so good at that?" I felt a flood of what I can only describe as pride that my efforts had been appreciated.
"I suppose it's not so different Miss Katherine, I enjoy doing that with guys, and you have very nice breasts if I may say."
"Yes I can tell you like them," she snorted, pointing to my rather unexpected erection. "I'm just a little surprised. You did say you'd never had sex with a woman, right?"
I recalled one of our early conversations at school.
"Well actually, what I meant was, I made up my mind I liked guys pretty quickly. But when I was in my early twenties I um, experimented with some girls... " I finished, lamely.
"Well, this gets more interesting as it goes along, doesn't it?" she asked rhetorically. She stood for a moment, finally releasing Michael from her grip "Lie down," she said to me. I did as I was told, the leather sofa feeling briefly chill and clammy on the skin of my back and legs. She stood over me, looking down before seemingly making a decision. She climbed up onto the sofa, one foot on either side of my body and began to lowering herself over me. With a shock, I realised she had nothing on under her skirt as I felt my cock being slowly engulfed by the tight heat of her body. She threw back her head and sighed, her hands moving seemingly instinctively to my nipples and pinching them. The physical sensations were incredible and for a few long moments I forgot myself totally. But when I looked at Michael I was shocked to see the look of sheer hostility on his face as he stood over us, watching his wife riding me. Kate must have felt something, because she slowed the movement of her hips and opened her eyes. Following mine, she saw the expression on Michael's face.
"Oh no Michael, this is not how this works anymore. Wipe that look off your face right now.
This guy is not your enemy. In fact, at the moment he's your best friend. And you are putting him off, and ruining it for me. He and I have both really pushed some boundaries in the last day, so I don't see why you shouldn't too." She wiggled her hips a little, smacking her lips at me lewdly and winking like a pantomime whore.
"It's time you realised this is no longer about your pleasure Michael. I hope you are beginning to get that now. I've let you run the show for long enough, and since you've asked me to take this role, don't be surprised if things don't happen in quite the way you expected. In fact, I will think myself a pretty lousy mistress if it is. And now I think I've kept André waiting long enough," and with that, she unceremoniously gave a short sharp tug on his boxer briefs, sending them to his ankles.
"Off," she said, simply. He kicked the boxers away and stood obediently, his full glorious nudity now just an arms length away. And glorious it was, as I let my eyes take in the sight of his long thick cock curving over the darker skin of 2 large, low hanging balls. Seemingly, the sight of his wife fucking me had robbed him of his hard on, although he was clearly not exactly soft now either.
"Does that help firm you up again?" she asked me sarcastically. I nodded.
"Good," she said, turning to look at Michael again. "You, kneel." He dropped to his knees at my side, allowing me a closer look at his dick, which from this distance looked even thicker than I'd thought.
"So, let's continue our little story shall we," she said. "Look at me Michael. Pick up where you left off about Carina." He swallowed hard, and I could see his taut stomach muscles quiver as he continued.
"Carina has my balls in her hand, and she's squeezing quite hard," he said, his face flushed.
"André, once again you will have to be the stand in I'm afraid," she said matter of factly. She grabbed my left hand and guided it between his legs until I felt the weight of his balls drop into my hand. I was a little surprised to note that he apparently shaved them, something I thought straight men didn't bother with.
"Give them a good squeeze," she instructed me. "Then what?" she asked him, although we all knew the answer already. He closed his eyes and swallowed again.
"She pulls back my foreskin slowly, as far as it goes, then slides it back again."
"Open your eyes Michael," she said crossly, before looking back to me.
"You heard the man Andre. I'm sure you know what to do from here."
I glanced up briefly at Michael whose eyes seemed to be begging me not to violate him like this. But I knew who was running this show, and so I squeezed a quick Morse code through his balls to tell him to take it like a man, while grabbing the end of his cock delicately with my other hand. He let out a soft moan as I slowly, slowly pulled his foreskin free from the head, exposing the reddening helmet which seemed to grow slightly as I held his skin back tightly and tightened my fingers around the length of his penis. Once I was sure I felt his erection starting to return, I began to masturbate him slowly, still hardly able to believe the turn things had taken. I felt my own erection growing again too, and Kate began to slowly grind her hips down onto me once more. Michael's eyes were fixed on Kate, presumably to shut out the sight of a man holding his rapidly hardening cock. She was grinning lewdly at him, challenging him, mocking him.
"He's not a bad fuck Michael, for a gay boy. Too bad you've lost your fucking rights now though." He looked shocked at that.
"What, you thought you could just get to fuck me any old time you feel like it Mikey? Not any more," she said, cruelly. "Perhaps you can earn back that right some day, but since you like hand jobs so much, maybe it's not such a bad thing," she laughed. His face was a turmoil of emotions, unreadable. "André has quite a tongue too. In fact I think he might even be better than you." Her thrusts on my cock became slower and deeper, and her voice deepened perceptibly. "So for now, you'll take what you get and be grateful for it, won't you Mikey?"
"Yes Miss Katherine,"he whispered.
"But unlike you, I don't just think of myself. Why shouldn't you be allowed to try something new too?" she asked tauntingly.
She smirked at me, displacing my hand from his cock with her own. She gave it two long slow strokes, seeming to enjoy the look of ecstasy that appeared on his face. It was short lived however, and she gave it a short sharp yank, making him yelp and lose his balance. He half fell across me, bringing his now semi hard cock within inches of my face. He struggled to sit up again, but Kate had her hand on his back, leaning her weight down on him.
"How about I let you try that tongue yourself?" I didn't need any orders this time, licking the head of that beautiful cock before allowing it to slide all the way into my mouth. He moaned, but his cock was responding despite himself and I soon felt it grow until it was fully hard in my mouth. Kate's movements became wilder as I felt her forcing him down again and again, his cock pulsing harder and pushing over and over at the back of my throat. My hands were wandering everywhere; his ass, his balls, his chest and abs, and I tried to even things up by occasionally sliding them up to tease around the still hard tips of Kate's nipples as she fucked me. Before long I felt that familiar stiffening in my mouth and heard Michael's breathing grow heavier.
"I'm going to cum if I don't stop," he said pitiably. I could barely breathe but I didn't care, inhaling the scent of his masculinity, his straight man's cock. Even though I never liked the taste of semen, finding it a little disgusting even, I do love the taste of a guy's dick when he's turned on. Michael seemed to have a lot of precum, which continually filled my mouth with its silt taste. I felt his cock begin to throb in earnest now and I knew he was seconds from cumming. I tried to disengage, anticipating a warm spray in my chest, but the arm rest of the sofa was jammed against the back of my head, and Kate's weight on her husband's back made it impossible.
"Please Kate, don't make me cum like this," he pleaded, the utter humiliation audible in his voice. But instead of relenting, she seemed to redouble her strength, forcing him forward until I literally felt his cock hit the back of my throat. I tried not to gag, and seconds later felt spurt after spurt of warm salt squirt into my mouth. I was horrified and more turned on than I'd ever been in my life, and moments later I felt my own explosion overwhelm me like a vast and all engulfing wave which seemed to go on forever.
When I finally opened my eyes, Kate was standing with her back to me, pulling on her now crumpled shirt. Michael was sitting on his heels, head bowed, his semi-flaccid cock visibly wet. It seemed surreal to think that the taste I had in my mouth was this incredible man's cum, and I was torn between disgust and ecstasy as I realised I had just been a key part of his utter humiliation. Without a word or look, Kate walked out of the room. Michael withdrew to the corner, slumping onto the floor and drawing his knees up to the chest like he'd been the victim of some incomprehensible disaster. Which in a way I suppose he was.
About 15 minutes of stony silence later, I heard a commotion on the stairs.
"André, come here and help me," Kate cried out from the hallway. I did as I was told, walking through the doorway to see her struggling with a large suitcase and some suit carrier bags.
"I should have made him do this himself. Help me with this case, it weighs a ton."
I took over the weight of the heavy bag, and she clumped to the bottom of the stairs, picking up the overnight bag Michael had dropped there when he'd returned home. It seemed like it had been days since that moment instead of hours, and now he sat curled up like a violated schoolgirl in the corner of his own living room. I followed Kate into the kitchen, and as I expected, she unlocked the closet and added his clothes to mine. She leaned against the door, slid the key back into her tiny skirt pocket and looked at me for a moment as if she was about to speak. Instead, she walked to the kitchen counter, and picking up a pencil began tapping her straight white teeth with it while her other hand toyed idly with the mobile phone lying on the worktop. She span in on its axis, allowing it to slow to a stop before setting it in motion again and again. Under her breath I could just make out what she was saying to herself.
"I wonder what the girls are doing tonight."