For a better understanding I advise you to read 'An All Natural Walk' and 'Rehearsal' first.
***
Tessa suggested in her email this would be my chance to have sex with all of them, after which I told her how it all went down.
Dear Tessa,
How are you? Feeling any better already?
To make a long story short; thanks to you I made my goal for the evening to have sex with all of them, and I did it! That is, following the list Henk kept I fucked or sucked them all at least once. At first I wasn't sure I would manage, but let's start at the beginning.
Coming home after work I first took a shower, did my shaving, and after that I put up my hair, did my waterproof mascara and dressed as I did for the rehearsal. I covered the chair for afterwards with a fresh towel and put my clit-clip in place. All was prepared as we had packed our bags already on Sunday. A few minutes later John came home, he kissed me and went straight into the shower. When he came back I poured us each a glass of wine, and told him I wanted to have sex with all the men, but that I still was puzzling on how to organize that correctly.
Discussing that, we came to the solution to proceed as follows: after an introductory show, the first group of seven would be invited to come up on stage. I would pick out one to fuck my pussy, one to fuck my titties, and one to fuck my mouth. Then I would choose one to stand next to the mattress to replace the first of the men to have an orgasm. The other three would jerk off anywhere over my body. In the next round those three would be the ones to fuck me.
With the two teams having two shifts, I was pretty sure I could achieve my goal and with Henk keeping track of all of it, I knew it would be perfect (and it was!)
After a light dinner there was not much time left, so we decided to go to the hall and have our coffee there.
As we arrived, Henk welcomed us. I gave my coat to John to leave in the car. As it was cold and I was barely dressed, we went inside straight ahead. Once in the bar, Henk made us coffee while I informed him what we had worked on and how we thought we should proceed. John came in with our bags and I took over the bar while we waited for our guests, sitting on my bar stool. John and Henk put everything in place; the bowl with the numbered cards on the table next to the entrance; the note board with the list and the pencils and, not the least, my pair of sunglasses went on stage.
Once all was prepared we took a drink waiting for our audience. Hearing the door, Henk went to the table with the bowl, welcomed the first two guests and had them pick a card while he explained about wearing them. Then they came over to the bar where I offered them a drink. It all went exactly like the rehearsal.
Within half an hour all were there, wearing their numbers and having a drink.
Henk locked the front door. I told John it was time for them to change and start. He took their "XX" cards and Henk went with him to change.
It really was very sexy seeing them come back in in their red t-shirts and cards marked XX. Their dicks were still at rest, but even hanging down showing they were well equipped men!
They came over to the bar and once again everything went exactly as it was in the rehearsal except for the much larger audience now taking their places while I was being undressed by Henk and John. Henk gave me my sunglasses and John removed my clit-clip before licking me to my first orgasm of the evening, after which the two 'serviced' me spitroasting.
After our demonstration, we got up and bowed for our audience, me holding my breasts in place with my hands, while Henk asked the first seven men to undress from the waist down and then to come up on stage. I picked out the lucky four, pumped a handful of lube that I smeared between my breasts and laid down on my back while I said no one was to hold off cumming as there were a lot to follow!
There were dicks were everywhere, and I was being fucked by three of them.
After only minutes, the one fucking my pussy orgasmed and was replaced by the standby fucker, the filled condom was emptied on my face.
Then one after another the men came and ejaculated on my body, my face, on my chin and belly directly or into condoms which they emptied. I was all covered in cum; it was so hot! All around me was the smell of cum when the second shift came on stage. John applied lube in my pussy and between my tits to prevent irritation.
Everything went about the same and I really was drenched in cum when it became time for the first break. I came down off the stage to take my place in my chair in front of the men, dripping cum everywhere on my way there.
When I sat down, I swung my left leg over the armrest to have some cool air flowing over my pussy. After I sat down, John served me a cool glass of white wine and a glass of icy water. After wiping of the cum from my lips with a towel, I kissed him on the cheek, thanking him, as he always knows exactly what I want and acts to do it.
After another glass of wine and some nice conversation, I felt sticky but horny again and I told Henk it was time for the next round. I first went to the toilet, accompanied by John, to empty my bladder but also to have a look in the mirror. I was curious to see my drying face, head and hair.
It was so hot to see myself and how I looked with all this cum in my face and hair; just as if I was glued together with gel. In a way, the cum was exactly like gel, the larger portions descending slowly.
I was brought back on stage by John, when climbing the stairs holding John and Henk's hands, and all was about the same as before; John applied lube again where and when he thought it to be necessary, and after the second shift I was fucked in more ways again.
Before the last group would mount me, I took another break. It took me about three quarters of an hour and another glass of wine to recover and prepare for the last group of seven, but then I went back on stage to finish the job, which I did with pleasure.
I must say it was an experience I never would have wanted to miss!
We went down from the stage, back to the bar where John gave me my poncho. It was a simple blue plastic-one of the 'one use type' that one can easily take along in a bag. Although it's normally used for rain protection to keep water out, now it was to be used the other way round. He helped me into it, which wasn't so easy as I was so sticky from the buckets of cum covering my skin. Then he handed me my shoes and helped me into my bathrobe. We said goodbye to everyone and left for the car.
Going home, I was glad I had my poncho on. Although it was a thin see-through type, it served me well. I didn't have the energy to dress up otherwise anyway and the bathrobe kept me warm. On occasions like this, our drive-in garage at home that can be opened and closed with a remote control and that gives direct access to our hall was ideal.
Once back home, John had to assist me with pulling off my poncho as it seemed to be glued on my body! I was still wet with cum all over my body and hair, so I was glad that John had thought of putting on the heating before we left. I didn't notice and didn't think about it myself. So I wasn't cold while the cum was drying up like a second skin...
To prevent my hair from being 'plasticized', I wrapped it in a wet towel after John had massaged some vinegar into it to remove the cum in it easier later on..
I sat on a towel in my garden chair, and John and I evaluated the evening. He told me how much he had liked seeing me being fucked and covered in cum by all those guys. On the list it showed I was fucked nine times, that I gave six blowjobs, and was titty-fucked four times. I was exhausted; John took a standing mirror from the bedroom to show me what I looked like as I was too tired to get up. John said he was very proud of me, how I had handled it all so well and enthusiastically! We both enjoyed it very much, and fantasized that we'd probably continue with at least parts of the group during the winter. Lots of fun themes to think about, like an Eastern party for example.
My hair, face and body were a mess, but I simply loved what happened, achieving that! Although I could still feel the dried cum on my skin, I was OK with that. As I didn't have to go out working the next morning, we took another glass of wine each. Before going to bed I took a long shower to clean my hair. As there was no need to hurry, I laid a towel over my pillow before kissing John goodnight and dozing off, dreaming about the experience we had the past evening.
As an answer to your question; unfortunately no black men were present at the party, but who knows in future? So that's my adventure yesterday, wonder what you think about it...