I sit on the couch, eyes closed as I think of how to waste the rest of the day. I don't exactly have much to do, and my friends are all out of town, visiting family for Christmas. Lucky me. This isn't even my couch. I feel the cold around me, frigid, though I cannot shiver. I have never shivered, and I doubt I will ever. I look up and down the alley, seeing no one. It is rare that I ever do this, as I am normally out in public, but this might be the closest thing I get in a while to 'private.'
I breathe in the cold hair, and breathe out in a white mist. The snow is light, sticking in my hair and on my clothes. I look around one more time, smelling the smell of a Christmas dinner from some house a while away. My eyes droop, not able to really know what I'm missing.
No matter. I shall be spending my Christmas a bit... differently. I move my hands, raking my fingernails gently down my sides. I reach them slowly up my shirt and to my bra, cupping my breasts in my hands. I don't move my hands for few moments, feeling the anticipation release as I squeeze my tender sacks of tissue that hang from my chest.
I keep a careful eye out, paranoid, not daring to get carried away. I let out a small gasp as my fingers brush against my flat nipple. I graze a fingernail over the fabric of my bra and bite my lip, tiny bits of pleasure shooting through my breast. Without warning to my body, I reach under my bra and pinch the nipple between my thumb and index finger, gentle as always. I pull gently and roll my fingers together, letting out a shaky sigh as I move my other hands to my other breast. I let out a tiny, inaudible whine and ick my lips. I rake my fingernails down my stomach and cup my vaginal lips, giving them a light squeeze before slipping my hands below my pants, and doing the same through my panties.
I move my underwear to the side, casting multiple glances around. I play with my slit, dragon my finger above the line. I press the folds gently against my clit and let out a heavy sigh.
I reach to my opening, scooping up a nice bit of my wetness on my fingers and dragging them lightly across each side of my clit. I let out a shaky sigh and grind against my finger. Pleasure shoots all over my gaping hole, and through my inner thighs. I drag my finger back and forth along my clitoris, the pressure now more direct. I let out a slight whimper as I adjust. I speed up my grinding and fingering, rubbing my clitoris progressively faster before harder. I begin letting my whimpers come out, though not loud enough for anyone not in the alley with me to here. I can feel pleasure hitting me in waves as I go faster and harder, my whines getting louder and search for intruders hastier.
It takes a while before I finally reach my peak and let out a soft moan, feeling like I could shiver in pleasure. Sadly, I can't shiver and savor that feeling. The snow has begun to fall harder now, so I adjust my bra and panties, standing up and freezing, though not due to the cold. Standing just outside the alley is a boy, probably near my age, staring right at me.
"Uh-uhm, hello?" I ask, trying to play it cool as if I was totally not just masturbating in a public alleyway.
"Are you... okay?" the male asks, clearly appearing confused. I hesitate. No, I am not okay.
"Yes," I lie, wanting someone to be with me other than my friends. It gets awfully lonely hanging out around those assholes.
"Are you sure? You just seemed a bit," the male pauses, looking unsure, "into it." I freeze, going even more stiff then before.
"Y-you weren't mean to see that," I stammer, looking away towards the ground, "I... I'm sorry?"
"No, you don't have to be," the boy protests, adjusting his scarf then becoming tense. "I'm, uh, sorry for staring maybe a bit, um, longer then I should have?"
Something about him saying that makes me aroused, though I make sure not to show it. How long was he watching and how did I not notice him? He becomes even more tense, looking a bit embarrassed, though 'a bit' may be too much of an understatement. He takes a hesitant step towards me, looking extremely unsure.
"Is it okay?" he asks, taking a few more steps towards me, ending in me seeing that undeniable bulge against his jeans. My eyes widen, unsure how to respond.
is he asking me what I think he is? I have no clue how this even took the path it did.
"Y-yeah," I stammer hesitant. He smiles slightly, walking more confidently towards me. I study him carefully as he does this. He's gorgeous, I'll give him that. If I wasn't so embarrassed being caught masturbating I'd probably have thought about him pervertedly far earlier. Soon, he's right in front of me, is heard cock not too far from my own aroused privates. I feel him place a hand on my arm, not grabbing, just touching. He leans forward, his eyes darkening as his breathe finds its way to dance on my ear.
"May I?" he asks, his voice far bolder, more seductive.
"Please," I whisper breathlessly as his lips engulf my ear lobe, biting and nibbling gently on the soft flesh. The hand that was on my arm finds its way to the back of my head, supporting me as he pulls back from my ear.
"Does it matter if anyone hears?" he asks, staring into my eyes with those dark jewels that may be considered either eyes or precious jewels.
"No," I mutter, feeling almost completely entranced in this.
"Does it matter if anyone sees?" he asks, and I repeat my answer, shaking my head slightly. He does say anything else, moving one hand up my side and pulling me towards him by the small my back. I can feel his hard member again my throbbing wetness. This only clouds my mind further as I push forwards to grind against that bulge in his jeans. He holds me in place, and I struggle to hold bag a whimper of annoyance. The man finds his way to making little pecks and kisses along my neck and collarbone as he bends down, leaving hickies as he goes. He kneels before me, making me want oh so badly to just move forward and grind against his face.
He flashes a grin up at me, and slides his hands up my shirt. My hands find their way into his snow-covered hair. He moves upward, placing my shirt above my head and running his tongue from just above my belly button and up in between my breasts. His hands land on my breasts an pinch my nipples, sudden and hard. I jerk and yelp arching myself towards him. He coddles and sucks on my breasts. I hear him let out a low growl of a moan that makes me so close to shivering in arousal, but my body forbids such things.
He lowers himself out of his shirt and traces a finger along the fabric in-between my legs. The urge to shiver, shudder, and squirm rises, though the inability finds its way to build my anticipation. More suddenly then I expect, my pants and underwear are down and I'm facing the exit to the alley for all the world to see. The boy's hands grip my ass firmly, is tongue teasing my slit. My legs feel weak, and I quickly see why he has to hold by buttocks. His tongue slips suddenly inside, between my folds and into my vagina, twisting and drinking my juices. I moan, maybe a little louder then I should as he retracts his tongue and laps at my clit. I whimper, pressing his head further towards me. The pressure of the muscle against my walls increases, sucking and lapping at the little nub. I let out a high-pitched cry. Paranoid I check around me, desperate to not be caught. He looks up at me looking around as slaps my butt. I stand upright while he eats me out hard and faster until I can feel my orgasm rising and threatening to explode all over his face. My moans grow louder as he lets out a low, content growl, something both intimidating and reassuring.
Oh God, I love this feeling. I don't want to cum yet, I just want this to last. He must notice my change in demeanor as he pulls away, giving my belly a light bite. I whine, wanting to feel more of that but he simply chuckles and stands up, moving behind me and wrapping his arms around my stomach. It's quite sudden as he pulls me back on the couch and against his hard penis. I grind my ass against it, earning a grin and moan from my newfound, most likely temporary lover.
One of his hands finds my nub again, rubbing and pinching it in soft, gentle stokes as to not hurt me. With his other hand, he reaches up my shirt to play with my nipple. For a few seconds, he stops his work on my bud and moves it to adjust me and himself so that his dick is out against my back. I new he was aroused, I had no doubt, but I didn't expect this much pre-cum all over his sticky penis.
He moves his hand back to my clitoris and continues to pleasure me while grinding against my back. We both moan quite loudly, his though coming out more like vicious growls. He grinds against my back, leading me with his fingers to my own orgasm. I moan louder, about to cum.
"Further?" he whispers into my ear and I can tell he's about to orgasm himself.
"Yes," I moan, "oh please yes, fuck me!"
I can almost feel h grin aunts the back of my neck as he kisses in between my shoulder blades, cutting it dangerously close to my orgasm. Not stopping his rubbing on my clit he lifts me up above his arrowhead and plops me down on. He lets out a yelp of pleasure and I do the same as he continues to hump me. I rock my hips back and forth as his fingers circle, tease, and fuck my clit. I let out a wail as my orgasm shoots forth, building until he cuts short.
"No," I whimper, knowing I was less than a second away from an explosion.
"No, my love," he mutters, sounding almost as disappointed as me. "I want to see your face when you cum around me cumming in you." I find myself about to shiver at his words and I begin to wonder if maybe for the first time, I may actually shiver.
"Then make me shiver," I grin. He chuckles and pulls out of my, laying me down on the couch and resting above me for a few moments.
"Before I make you go over the edge, I want to know who's name to moan," he smiles, though it's less of a sexual smile then I thought and more happy and pleased. He looks like he's enjoying himself emotionally as well as sexually, making me question his motives though not for the worst.
"Nicolette, though what about you?" I ask him.
"Dante," he sighs against my neck, "moan Dante." Without much warning, he plunges deep into my cavity, making me moan out with extra pressure from the sudden surprise. He fucks me gently at first, then harder and faster, sucking and nibbling on my jaw before taking his lips on mine. His penis fills me completely as he goes back and forth inside of me.
His tongue runs along my lower lip, and I dart forward, catching it in mind and sucking the tip of it like I would his tip if things hadn't taken a better turn.
"Nicolette," he lets out a breathy sigh against my lips as our tongues intertwine, our hips bucking and humping and fucking against each other.
I moan loudly, not caring who sees or who hears. It doesn't matter. I feel myself edging closer to orgasm, for some reason really wanting this with a complete stranger.
"D-Dante," I whimper as if trying to warn him I am about to orgasm, hough I honestly don't know what I'm trying to say.
"I know," he snarls into my ear, though not with malicious intent. I wrap my legs around his hips as he moans louder, shivering. I feel him shiver against me, feeling pressure on my back as I want to do the same. Please, Dante, make me shiver. I'm too clouded to think clearly anymore, drunk on my pleasure.
"I can't leave," I think I hear him whisper, though I'm not entirely sure. I wasn't listening to the words. Basically anything Dante says right now will make me turned on as fuck. I feel myself right at the tip as he pulls back, and plunges in one more time, as far as he can go. My legs tighten as I let out a loud sob-like moan. I shiver, the feeling strange and wild, though inviting. I've never done that before, shivering. Dante rolls back and forth slowly as he fills me with semen. No protection, he could leave me here to deal with a baby out on the streets. That would be the likely choice, and I find my legs clamping further on his waist, not wanting him to go.
"How was it?" he asks, kisses my breast through my shirt as both of our juices fall to the couch for the couch to have its drink.
"It was... amazing," I sigh, closing my eyes as his lips are placed on mine, moving with a far gentle passion. I can feel him shrink inside of me.
"I feel the same way," he mutters, pulling out of me and resting his head on my shoulder. Dante glances tot he ground and reaches for my pants and underwear, handing them to me as he zips up his pants. "I guess you want these back?" I chuckle and take them, putting them on. Dante looks up at the darkening sky and sighs. "We should go."
Dante stands, and walks towards the exit to the alley, me about to say goodbye. "Well? I did say we?" he smiles slightly, seeming to go back into that shy little shell. I hurry after the shorter one, a smile dancing on my lips.
"Why have me come with you?" I ask.
"Because you don't seem like the type to question what you'll see there, and there is the chance you'll be pregnant," he flashes me a grin, "besides, you may be a cool person to hang around."
"Oh," I trail off, confused though happy for the consideration.
"So, let's what, call this a one-time hook-up and see where it goes?" he asks me, looking over to me and offering a hand.
I think for a few seconds as we walk through the snow. Mind made up, I grab his hand, and nod, "we'll see."