This story is best read from the beginning:Chapter 1
This multi-part series is inspired by, although not beholden to, real events. While their names have been changed, the characters are real.
Disclaimer - This story contains some drug use. It is not excessive or employed abusively, but to help mold an atmosphere and forge a realistic path to lower inhibitions.
Mark watched Darby jump into the pool with celebratory pep. As she made her way through the crowd, she was immediately surrounded by a group of admirers, both men and women. The contestants became a focal point of sexual tension as they made their way back into the party, as much the center of attention as they were on stage. Mark leaned back against the bar, Darby's favorite cocktail in hand, and grinned from ear to ear as he watched her high five her way through the crowd.
She finally squeezed her way through the press of admiring bodies, smiling brightly as she threw her arms around Mark's neck.
"Well, if it isn't the twerk queen!" Mark said. Darby laughed and gave her ass a playful slap.That's when he noticed Darby had a party entourage in tow - four men and two women, all college aged and ready to party.
"Guys, this is my husband, Mark!" Darby said to her new group of admirers. Some of the men's faces momentarily fell at his introduction, he noticed with some satisfaction, but only for an instant before they heartily embraced him. He couldn't believe what he was feeling, his wife was an object of desire and he loved it.
The tallest of the group leaned in with a slightly tipsy smile, "I'm Miguel, this is Jake, and we'd love to buy you and your wife a round of shots!!!"
"Sounds awesome." replied Mark. Both Miguel and Jake were built, clearly no strangers to the gym. Miguel had brown hair, green eyes and washboard abs. Jake was shorter and stockier, with thicker shoulders and a long blonde beard. Miguel turned and introduced him to Aden, a red-headed, lanky kid who Mark had trouble believing was 21, and William, a slightly overweight but extremely but jovial man with a sarcastic grin and an unkempt beard.
"These two vixens are Isabel and Bri," Miguel continued, flashing two women a toothy grin. Isabel was a curvacious brunette with gleaming skin and sultry, dark eyes, and Bri a scantily clad (even in a pool full of bikini's so tiny they'd be mistaken for floss) woman of asian descent with an air of mischief and a piercing gaze. Mark tried not to stare as he hugged them in turn.
Darby was flush with excitement and teasingly touched Mark's chest, "did you like what you saw babe? Did I make it clap enough?" she swayed her hips back and forth in the water.
"Your wife knows how to shake that booty!" said Isabel, patting Darby's butt, as Miguel and Jake returned from the pool bar laden with shots of tequila. Mark noted that Miguel eyed Darby as he returned, and was surprised when she caught his gaze and beamed, just for a moment. "Your girl sure can move, Mark," Miguel said with a grin, nodding in agreement with Isabel. He handed out the shots.
"Well , here's to my wife's moves, and 6 more days of them!" Mark raised his glass in a toast. Everyone downed the shots immediately.
Mark took a deep breath and looked around him. The pool was surging with sexual energy and people having fun. He turned to Jake, who was talking with Isabel.
"So, do you all know one another? Mark asked.
"For the most part" grinned Jake. "We met at Spring Break in Cancun 3 years ago and now meet twice a year on trips."
"Party friends, we all need a group of those," Mark said, observing Bri playfully jump onto William's back.
Isabel giggled "You're right about that. Fun is the name of the game. Do you like to have fun Mark?" she caught his eye flirtatiously.
"That's why we're here, aren't we?" He glanced at his wife, who was saying something evidently engrossing to Miguel. He leaned into her to hear her better, his hand lightly touching her back, her mouth just a few inches from his ear. He glanced at Bri playfully biting William's ear. "So, uh, are any of you together?"
Jake laughed and took a moment to respond, "Not exactly."
"We just have fun" explained Isabel, glancing over her shoulder at Bri. "Things can get wild. we try not to overthink it."
"The molly helps" said Jake, grunting as Isabel punched him in the side. "Jeez Jake, what if he hates drugs?"
Mark laughed, "you just said the magic word - Darby and I love molly. In fact, I'm pretty sure she'd have no problem shaking that rump of hers again on molly."
"Then what are we waiting for? Let's go to the room!"
-----------------
As they walked back to the room, Mark grabbed his wife's hand and hung back, letting the group lead the way. He watched Mark playfully shove Jake, and the two engaged in a mock wrestling match.
"I think you have an admirer in Miguel" Mark said with a smile.
"You think? He's just being nice," Darby responded.
"It's a bit more than that," said Mark "and you like it."
"What? I..." Darby started to protest, and Mark held up his hand smiling. "It's ok. I think I do too. Remember what we talked about, me showing you off?"
"Yes.." Darby's reply was hesitant but intrigued. "So you want me to what, flirt with him?"
Mark paused for a second "yes."
"How much?" Darby asked. "So you want me to tease him?"
"I want you to do whatever feels right. Pretend you were single. For a minute."
"And so I can whisper in his ear, and look at you teasingly across the room?" Darby asked. She was flushed and smiling now.
"Now you're getting it. Good girl" Mark replied.
---------------
Things got interesting when Bri handed out the molly. Isabel put on some music and we were introduced to their friend Tracey. Miguel brought Mark and beer and then brought Darcy to the kitchen to make margaritas.
Isabel beckoned him from the balcony "come here Mark, you've got to see this."
Jake had set up speakers on the balcony, and was busy chugging a beer with Aden. The main party pool of the resort was directly below them, and every now and then Tracey would cheer the enthusiastic people below.
As Isabel was pointing out a particularly drunk group to Mark, Darby came out to the balconey, smiling mischievously, followed closely by an attentive Miguel. Mark couldn't help but notice how Darby swayed her hips seductively as she walked, and how much Miguel stared at her ass. She looked Mark directly in the eye and held his gaze for a moment, knowingly.
"Who's ready to party?" said Mark, grabbing his wife by her slim waist.
Tracey whooped and walked the balcony, pulling her shirt off and twirling it around her head, her perky tits springing free. She whipped the shirt above her head and caught the attention of the crowd down below, who greeted her with enthusiastic cheers.
She turned around and looked over her shoulder, "come on ladies," she said, "we've got some admirers below."
Mark laughed. There's no way his wife would do this. Of course she;d danced in front of this same crowd, but to show her tits would be so out of character as to be a tremendous surprise.
Isabel joined Tracey, calling Darby to come over as well, and to Mark's surprise, Darby followed her to the railing, looked over her shoulder at Mark, winked and lowered the top of her one piece bathing suit over each shoulder, her gorgeus tis, perfect handfuls of temptation, spring free. She shook them as she showed them to the crowd.
Mark couldn't believe it! Here was his conservative wife, flashing her tits to a bunch of strangers. He looked back at Miguel, and smiled. Miguel, eyes wide, wore a toothy grin that stretched ear to ear. Unexpectedly he noticed that Miguel was hard, too, his clearly large member bulging in his taught swim shorts. His eyes were glued to Darby's. He was a man with a singular focus, it seemed. Luckily, Mark just happened to share it.
Darby turned, her tits still out, and locked her gaze with Miguel. Mark watched Darby's eyes, scan Miguel from head to toe. Her eyebrows rose perceptibly when her gaze passed over the obvious bulge in Miguel's shorts. She stared a bit too long, before averting her eyes in a blush. She'd certainly noticed his massive erection. Suddenly self-conscious, she slowly raised her bathing suit up, re-covering herself. She glanced at Mark and met his eyes, and then gave him a mischievous smile that he would remember forever.
---------------
Mark felt a wave of enervating undulation and knew that the molly was kicking in. The balcony buzzed with energy and conversation. The group, as one, became more touchy, talked a bit closer and stared more intimately. Darby couldn't help but move her body to the bass of the speakers, her ass jiggling subtly. She stared at Miguel obviously, as much as she eyed Mark.
While it was slightly uncomfortable for Mark, it was also intriguing. He wanted to explore this more and see where it led.
"Let's play a game!" Isabel said with playful mischief. "Everyone follow me, please. Grab chairs and make a circle"
We didn't have much of a choice as she grabbed the speakers and went inside. We followed her and found chairs, gathering in a circle in the living room.
After everyone was seated, Isabel eyed the room and leaned back. "We're going to play truth or dare, with a twist. If you take truth, you also take a shot of Tequila. This game is emphasis on the dare - don't be shy, now."
Darby made a face. She hated tequila, but she didn't say anything. She looked at me and gave me a shrug that said "why not?" Everyone else seemed very excited, and the room pulsed with sexual energy.
I shrugged back at Darby and said her thoughts out loud, "why not?"