*This is the second story featuring Lynn Bowman, the 18-year-old devastatingly beautiful, erotic vixen who seduces straight women into pleasuring her. This time her target is a newlywed traveling on an across Canada train to reunite with her husband of two months. After she seduces her, she asks another woman to join them.
The Newlywed
My name is Annie. I am a 24-year-old and former Hooters waitress working her way through college. At the time of this story, I had been recently married to my husband, Joe. We met at my former employ and kept in touch until I graduated. I am blessed with a pretty face, blond hair, blue eyes and cherry lips. My breasts are quite firm; a perfect size for my five foot five body. I have shapely legs, a slim waist and a tight ass, a typical Hooters chick. I turn heads for both sexes and enjoy the attention.
I have a strong sex drive, unlike my husband, but I didn't marry solely for sex. I married for love and companionship, but even that is sometimes not enough as you will see. I still desired a healthy sexual relationship. I had had experience prior to marriage, but not with Joe. He wanted to wait until our wedding night. But that caused me to be frustrated sexually. It did not go very well, even after the few times we made love afterward.
I needed sexual release and I found it, but not where I expected. I was introduced to a world of lesbianism and submission by an incredibly seductive, erotic teen. It would change me forever. It's hard to explain, but I couldn't resist her. From the first moment I saw her, and our eyes met, I was hers. Here is my story.
Two months after our wedding, I booked a week-long scenic across Canada train trip. My husband was waiting for me in Vancouver, where he had just secured a position with an accounting firm. At the time, I was unemployed, taking graduate courses. We had been separated from each other since one week after consummating our marriage after more than one long year without true intimacy. Needless to say, I was primed and vulnerable for what was about to happen.
Until I worked at Hooters, I had little curiosity when it came to sexual relations with girls. Working there did give me the opportunity be around some of the most beautiful, buxom girls on the planet. I must say that I was intrigued by some stories of lesbian submission between two of my beautiful co-workers. I really didn't know what submission was until one of the other girls clued me in. I saw the way they looked at each other and imagined what it would like to be submissive. The idea of the two of them together, one pleasuring the other, surprisingly aroused me.
My curiosity led me to the internet search for lesbian submission. I had heard about the Literotica website and started searching. "The Seduction of Susan" and "Pet Teacher" are two of the several stories that not only amplified my curiosity, but surprisingly turned me on. I then searched for videos. One involved a beautiful seductress who seduced her boss into submitting to her. The way they kissed was so sensual. I wondered what it would be like to be kissed that way. The scenes were so erotic, I found myself rubbing my pussy to orgasm imagining that I was that sub. I kept searching and found videos of incredibly beautiful porn stars talking to and teasing the viewer while stripping and masturbating. Those perfect breasts and hot pussies aroused me so. I found myself drawn to these videos so much that I would get off over and over watching them. I fantasized about being with another girl, but I never acted on it. The temptation was so strong, especially with all the Hooters girls, but I was hesitant. It was then that the seed was planted, and it was about to come to the surface. My long distance marriage and non-existent sex life would play a major role in my decision.
I boarded the train in Toronto and made my way to my private quarters. It was more like a small hotel room that a normal train sleeping compartment. Once I got settled in, I made my way to the dining car. At the time I was the only person there. I took a seat and began to peruse the menu. I made my choice and waited for someone to take my order. It was then that I first laid eyes on Lynn Bowman. I had worked with many gorgeous, buxom girls but they couldn't hold a candle to this beauty. She took my breath away as she entered the car. Her short, flared skirt showed off her long, shapely, tanned legs. She wore a low-cut, button down top that accentuated her ample breasts. I couldn't take my eyes off her. I was drawn to her instantly but didn't want to make it obvious.
She sat at a table across and a little way down from me and looked my way. Our eyes met and she smiled. I didn't know why, but I felt being drawn to her sexually. Every chance I had, I would sneak a glance. I looked down at her beautiful legs. Her skirt was so short that most of her thighs were visible whenever she crossed them. I think she knew I was watching because it seemed like her skirt kept riding higher as she moved in her seat. Was that just by chance or was it just innocent teasing? I didn't care what it was, I found myself wanting to see more. Sexual feelings began to overtake me. I wanted to see if she was wearing panties.
When my eyes moved up to look at her, she was looking at me. I think she knew I was enjoying the view, smiled and gave me a seductive look that confirmed it. I returned her smile, half embarrassed that I had been caught. I had no idea then that she was seducing me. All I knew is that she had gotten to me. There I was, recently married staring at this incredibly beautiful girl and having feelings of arousal I knew were unlike any I had ever experienced.
After finishing my meal, I returned to my quarters and undressed. I noticed that my panties were a little wet. That surprised me. What was happening? I spent some time in bed thinking about her. When would I see her again? What would she be wearing? How could I meet her? I couldn't get her out of my mind. I had had no sexual relations with my present husband during our long engagement, and infrequent, unsatisfying lovemaking since our wedding day. Then he left for Vancouver and his new position. I was sex starved, looking for a way to satisfy my needs.
I crawled into bed, that beautiful vixen still on my mind. I thought about the submissive Hooters girl, the stories and videos, and wondered if I was headed in that direction. I closed my eyes and imagined being submissive to that young, sexy vixen. My hand went inside my panties, and I masturbated thinking of her until ending in an incredible orgasm. I collapsed and the next thing I knew, it was morning.
I rose from the bed and got dressed for the day. There would be a stop and tour of some kind that I wasn't very interested in. I planned on going to breakfast and then returning to my room to relax. First, I called my husband to see how his job was going. He told me all was great but that he had to fly to New York the next day for a month's training and orientation. That's not what I wanted to hear. I felt like crying. I was a newlywed aching for intimacy and now he was off to NYC?! I'd be spending a month alone in our apartment when all I wanted was him!
I made my way to the back end of the dining car and sat on a chair at an empty, private booth walled off from the rest of the dining car. There were only a few people up that early. I was hoping to see the young beauty again. I couldn't stop thinking about her. Just as I got settled in, I felt a hand on my shoulder. I looked up and there she was. She was more radiant close up than I imagined, with her piercing green eyes, pouty, cherry lips and long brown hair, and that perfume! She was the entire package and then some. She wore a short, low cut button down sun dress that showed off the swell of her ample breasts and shapely legs. I could feel my heart beating faster.
"Do you mind if I sit with you?", she asked as she leaned over giving me a perfect view of her ample breasts. She knew what effect they had on me and lingered for a few moments as I took them in. The way they rose and fell with each breath was so inviting.
"Of course not". I answered, eyes still riveted to her breasts.
"My name is Lynn."
"Hi, I'm Annie."
She sat across from me on the bench seat.
"Come sit next to me, Annie. This bench is much more comfortable."
I did as she asked. As I took my seat, I noticed her dress riding far up those beautiful legs. This was a hint of what was to come. No one could see us from the rest of the dining car, and she knew that. It was the first time I had closeup view of her breasts. They were so full. Being that near, I could tell that she was braless, but they were still high and firm. I might have stared a little too long, but they were hard to ignore. I wanted her to notice. She seemed to like the attention I was paying them because I could see her now hard nipples through her dress. I felt a tingle in my pussy and knew I was wet. She was getting to me, and I welcomed it.
"Such a great table you picked, so isolated from the rest. I'm so glad I found you. I wanted to meet the beautiful girl who smiled at me yesterday and here you are", she said with a sly look on her face. In the state I was in, I found it arousing and wanted to see where it would lead. "Are you going on the tour today?"
"I don't think so."
"Well, since you aren't, why don't we spend the day together and see where that takes us."
"I..." I couldn't speak, but she knew the answer. She took that as a yes and moved closer to me so that now her thighs were touching mine. She turned into me and I could feel her breast on my arm. She leaned in and whispered.
"I saw the way you looked at me yesterday. Did you like what you saw, Annie?"
"You are a beautiful girl, Lynn. You must be used to that."
"Yes, but nothing excites me more than a sexy girl like you watching me the way you did. If it weren't for the other people, I would have shown you so much more. Let me ask again, did you like what you saw?"
This time I didn't hesitate. "Yes, you know I did."
"You wanted to see if wore panties, didn't you, Annie?
"Yes", I confessed. "I wanted to see what those beautiful legs led to." I had no reservations about telling her what I wanted. I could feel myself getting wetter in anticipation of what might be coming.
"Just to let you know, I wasn't. Does that turn you on, Annie?"
"God, yes", I confessed.
"I'm guessing you'd like to see more, Annie." She then ran her fingers over the swell of her breasts then down to tweak her hard nipples. "I noticed you staring. Do you like them, Annie?"
"Yes, they are stunning.", I said, eyes fixed on her cleavage.
"You know that I'm not wearing a bra, don't you Annie?"
"Yes, and you don't need one. They look so firm."
"Why just look?", she teased as moved close to me again.
I knew what she meant. We were hidden away from the rest of the room, so there was no doubt I would take advantage. My heart was pounding as I reached over and cupped her breast through her dress. It was so big and firm. My hand lingered and she gave me a look that said I could continue, so I gently lifted and squeezed it as my fingers tweaked her nipple, then moving to her other breast, I did the same.
"I love how they feel, and your nipples are so hard."
"Why don't you set them free, Annie."
She then turned to face me and began to undo the top buttons of her dress.
"You can do the rest."
I reached out and undid a few more buttons and pulled her dress away revealing her beautiful, full breasts with no gap, sticking straight out, there for the taking. They were exquisite with small areolas and perfect pink nipples that were already hard from my touch. She raised her arms, lifting them up to me.
"Oh, Lynn, they are so beautiful."
She didn't have to speak. I knew by the look she gave me what she wanted. I reached out and lifted them while again rubbing her nipples. God, they were incredible, so full and enticing. It was my first time fondling another girl's breasts. I knew then it wouldn't be the last. I was so aroused. They felt so good in my hands as I gently lifted and squeezed them. I loved watching her nipples grow to my touch. I couldn't believe this was happening, but I knew it was what I wanted.
"Make them hard, Annie. Mmmmmmm." God, she was so sensual, and I was so turned on.
I looked up and saw that her eyes were closed, her head tilted back. I felt her hand on my head as she guided me down to them. I went for the prize, leaned in and lifted them to my lips. I kissed them all over, savoring that first taste, then moved to her succulent nipples. They were so hard and distended. I flicked my tongue on them, then licked around each one before taking each one in. I felt them grow even harder in my mouth as I gently kissed and sucked. I never knew how delicious a woman's breasts could be. I heard her sighs as she ran her fingers through my hair, and it aroused me even more. I was ready to go all in, when she reluctantly pulled away.
"Mmmm, I love seeing that pretty mouth on my breasts, but we have to stop", she said and placed them back into her dress as we heard the waiter nearby.
'No! Not yet!', I thought.
"The waiter may be coming at any time", she said as she buttoned up. "You will have them again soon, Annie."
She was right, but I was frustrated. I wanted to devour them. But she had other plans for me.
"Look what I have for you", she teased as her eyes looked down.
When I looked, her dress was hiked up so that I could see that she was without panties. I watched her hand go between her legs. She ran her fingers over her clean shaven vagina.
"Is this what you wanted to see yesterday, Annie?"
"Yes, Lynn. It's beautiful."
"Feel how wet I am, Annie." Without hesitating, my hand slipped inside her silky thighs, sliding up to her hot pussy. I had never thought that was something I ever wanted to do, but I did willingly. She was wet and I could feel it pulsing as she moved on my hand.
"Tease it, Annie."
I did what came naturally, running my fingers up and down, then gently rubbing. Just then the waiter came to our table. My hand continued pleasuring her pussy as we placed our order. It was so arousing and the thought of secretly doing it under the table in front of him made it even more erotic. I knew where this was headed, and her next words confirmed it.
"If you want more, I'll need you to submit to me, Annie. Do you understand what that means?"
I thought of the submissive stories and videos, and how hot erotic they were. I was now in a position to put myself in the place of a sub. It was up to me to make a decision that would change my life. I was ready to submit to pleasuring the most incredible sexy, erotic creature I had ever met, and I had met several at Hooters. Soon that body would be mine. All I could think about was how I was going to devour her perfect, full young breasts, worship those beautiful legs and ass, and eat her delicious pussy. She was so seductive and had turned me so quickly. She was irresistible.
My head was spinning, and I was about answer when my phone rang. I removed my hand from Lynn's hot pussy and answered it. It was my husband. He was calling to tell me his month to New York would be followed by another two weeks visit to corporate headquarters in Dallas! I lied when I told him I'd miss him. I was so disappointed and frustrated, but at that moment I didn't care about my marriage. All I cared about was this sensual, seductive girl whose beautiful body I wanted so badly. This made my decision to submit to Lynn much easier.
"Yes, Lynn. You want me to pleasure you as you wish."
"Is that what you want, Annie?"
"You know I do. I can't explain it, but I've wanted you since I first saw you yesterday. You are so beautiful and sensual. I thought about you all night and wondered if we'd ever meet. I rubbed myself and climaxed just thinking about what I would do to you."
"Mmmmm. How naughty! But I see that you are married. Does your husband know you like girls, Annie?"
"No and it really doesn't matter. That was he on the phone telling me he would be away from me for even longer. I am a recent bride married to a man whose job seems more important to him than I am. So yes, I still want you."
"And you will have me. I would love to see that beautiful mouth on my pussy. Do you want that too, Annie?"
"Yes, Lynn, more than you know." She had me under her control and I was now her willing servant. Although I had never performed cunnilingus, I was anxious to do her.
"That's a good girl", she said as she hiked her dress up around her waist. Her pussy was there for the taking. "Do you want it now, Annie?"
"God, yes."
"Then go for it. Lick my pussy."
I was so aroused and eager to please her, I didn't hesitate. The table covering hung down far enough so that I could not be seen. I slid off my seat onto the floor, dropping to my knees, her glistening pussy inches from my face. There I was getting ready to lick pussy for the first time. The circumstance was so exciting and dangerous at the same time. I wanted so much to please her. As I drew closer, I could smell the sweetness of her juices. The anticipation was so intense. I closed in and started slowly licking her hot, pink pussy, spreading her lips and tasting her for the first time. It was intoxicating. Then I heard the waiter approach with our food as I pressed on.
"Is the other young lady going to eat or has she returned to her cabin?", he asked. "I can have it brought to her if you wish."
"Oh, that's okay. She should be done....I mean back, soon. Thank you."
As soon as he was gone, Lynn reached down to stop me.
"You are so good but that's all for now, my pet."
I slid back up from under the table and sat beside her.
"I just wanted you to get a taste."
"It was my first, but I want more."
"All in due time, my pet."
I was disappointed but knew it wouldn't be long before I would get another bite at the apple. A short time later the waiter brought our order. We ate our breakfast and got acquainted with each other as if what just happened never occurred. I was surprised to find out she was only eighteen. To be as seductive and sensual was normally reserved for women who were much more mature. I learned that she was also on her way to Vancouver where she would be looking at a possible modeling job. The thought of the two of us living in the same city thrilled me.
"Annie, what is your cabin number?", she asked as we finished our meal.
"5C."
"Go there, strip down to your bra and panties, and wait for me."
I returned to my cabin, fresh in the memory of the first taste of her magnificent body. I couldn't wait to do what she desired. I did as she instructed. I dressed in my sexiest bra which accentuated my firm, young breasts. I also wore my tiniest thong panties that barely covered my shaved pussy. As I sat waiting for Lynn to arrive, I heard the rest of the tourists leaving the train for the tour. Minutes later there was a knock on my door. I told her to come in and watched as this incredibly seductive, erotic beauty entered, wearing only a silk robe which was tied around her slim waist. I could see the swell of her breasts rising above the opening. My heart again starting pounding waiting for her to disrobe.
"You are quite beautiful, Annie. Sit in your chair, my pet."
I loved that she called me her pet, because that described perfectly what I was. I followed her instructions. She approached and straddled me, her body so close to mine.
"Is this what you wanted?", she said as her robe dropped to the floor.
She took my breath away. It was the first time I had seen her completely naked. She had the body of a goddess, and soon it would be mine. I wanted to finish what I had started that morning.
"You are so beautiful!", I sighed.
"You want to touch me, don't you, my sweet Annie?"
"Yes, so much."
"You will, but first I want you to show me how you got off thinking about me. Let me see those breasts."
I removed my bra and dropped it to the floor. My breasts were so sensitive at this point, nipples hard as diamonds.
"Very nice. They are beautiful. Now work that pussy for me Annie."
I then put my one hand down my panties and started rubbing while my other fondled my breasts. I closed my eyes as I continued pleasuring myself, then opened to see her doing the same thing. It was so erotic. The way she moved was hypnotic. She was leaning against the wall, back arched and pussy out, rubbing it in rhythm with her grinding. The sight of her pleasuring herself brought me to the edge of an amazing orgasm. I felt myself ready to explode.
"AAAAAHHHHHHH! Oh, Lynn! I want you so much! OOOOHHH!" I came like a volcano exploding. I didn't want it to end. Then I heard her moaning. She was getting close.
"Oh God, Annie! Come here and finish me, my pet."
She remained backed up against the wall, thrusting her pussy out to me. I went down on my knees in front of her and she brought the prize close to my lips. I grabbed her by her tight ass and brought her close. It was my first time bringing any girl to climax. I was so aroused and eager to please her. There would be no foreplay, Lynn had taken care of that herself. So, I began in earnest as I leaned in, intoxicated by her scent. She moaned as my tongue began licking. God, she tasted so good! I knew from then on I was addicted.
"Is that how you like it, Lynn?", I asked as my tongue flicked and licked her pink pussy.
"Oh, yes! God, yes!!", she cried out as she watched, eyes glazed over in ecstasy.
I used my fingers to expose her throbbing clit. Now she was grinding and moving seductively, grabbing my head and pushing herself onto my hungry mouth. I teased and sucked on it while using one finger to penetrate. I felt her tense up as I increased my attack.
"Lick my cunt! Oh, Oh, Oh! Your tongue is sooooo fucking good! I'm so close!"
I couldn't believe how erotic eating pussy was. I thought of all those videos I had watched, hearing the moans of those beautiful women. I was now making that happen for Lynn. I licked and sucked with even more intensity as she kept moving on me. I could feel her getting ready to climax.
"I'm cumming!!!", she screamed. "OOOOHHHHH! AAAAHHHH. OOOOHHHH Annie!!"
She stood there, leaning against the wall, completely satisfied. My first attempt at eating pussy was so exhilarating, but I wanted more. I wanted those incredible breasts, but that would have to wait.
"You pleased me quite well, my pet", she said as she put on her robe. "See you tonight at dinner. I will dress for you. You won't be disappointed, I promise."
I wanted so much more of that incredible body. I was hoping that evening would bring me more. I collapsed onto my bed, falling asleep until it was time to get ready for dinner. I showered and put on my sexiest dress; a pretty, low cut, short number that showed off the body that made me a Hooters girl. I slipped on some high heels, and I was off to the dining car. I met Lynn on the way there. She did not disappoint. She wore an elegant, tight fitting just above the knees red dress with a slit up the left side that gave everyone a peak of her thigh. It was low cut and the bra she wore accentuated her ample breasts. Her high heels completed the outfit. We were quite a pair.
As we entered the dining car, it seemed like all eyes were on us. The men undressed us, and the women wished they were us, including one elegant MILF who couldn't stop staring. Lynn made eye contact, gave her that seductive look, and for the rest of the meal, the woman didn't take her eyes off her. Of course, Lynn gave her a lot to look at since she was seated where only the MILF could see. She crossed and uncrossed her shapely, tanned legs, sometimes running her hand up her thighs while she spread them. Then she ran her hand through her hair as her breasts rose looking like they would burst out of her dress.
"Look at the way she is staring. She wants me and soon I'll make her mine.", she whispered to me. "Maybe I should invite her to join us before trip's end. I would love to have two women pleasure me at the same time. Would you like that, Annie?"
Here I was, recently married but so sex-starved and vulnerable. Before today, I had never been with another woman, and now this vixen was suggesting that we have a three way. I thought it would be so erotic.
"Yes, she is very beautiful. You are making me hot just thinking about it."
After finishing dinner, we got up to leave the dining car, but not until we purposely waited for the MILF and her husband and two young children to come near us. Lynn again made eye contact and again gave her that seductive look. As they passed, she seemed to intentionally lag behind, pretending to forget something at her table. They continued, leaving her behind. It was now just the three of us remaining. She was drop dead gorgeous. Maybe late thirties, dark brown hair, blue eyes and a voluptuous figure.
We approached her and Lynn said seductively, "You've been watching me, haven't you?"
"Yes, you are so beautiful. I'm sorry if I stared."
"Don't be sorry. There is so much more to see, and it can be yours", she said, confident in her seduction. "If you ever want to join us for a private show, all you have to do is come when I ask", she said, running her fingers across the swell of her breasts. The woman's eyes were glued to them. We could see that she was surprised by the bold come on but seemed willing.
"I..." She began to answer when her husband called for her and she hurried to meet him. There was no response, but her eyes told the story. We knew she would soon submit. She was so beautiful with a body to match. I didn't know what Lynn had planned, but just the thought of it intrigued me.
On the way back to my quarters, Lynn gave me a hint as to what was to come.
"That woman is quite beautiful, isn't she, Annie?"
"Yes. She is so pretty with a body to match."
"I can tell she wants me, but do you want her, my pet?"
The thought of pleasuring another woman excited me, but the thought of doing it in front of Lynn was incredibly hot.
"I do, yes. You want to see me pleasure her, don't you?"
"Yes, and then you can watch as she pleasures me and if you wish, join her, my pet."
"God, yes! You are making me wet!" This teen was mature well beyond her years, so adept at the art of seduction and submission, a true sexual predator. She followed me into my room.
"Is there something you want tonight, my sweet Annie?", she asked as she ran her fingers over her breasts.
"You know what I want, Lynn", I said while staring at her tempting cleavage.
"Why don't you strip down to your bra and panties and sit on the bed."
I did as she asked and sat up, back to the headboard. She then slowly removed her dress revealing that incredible body, covered by only the tiniest thong panties and lacy push up bra that barely covered her ample breasts. My God, she was so beautiful, so irresistible. Then she joined me, slowly crawling up the bed until she ended up on her knees straddling me. Her breasts were now inches from my face, still restrained by her bra. The were so beautiful just sitting there waiting for my caress.
"Is this what you want, my pet?", she said as she arched her back and undid the front clasp and pulled it away. They were sticking straight out, so firm and full, waiting for my hungry mouth. She raised her arms and took them both in her hands, caressing them and rubbing her nipples.
"They are so sensitive and need your touch again, my sweet Annie."
Unlike breakfast, this time there was no stopping me. I reached up and cupped them. I loved how they felt in my hand, so heavy and firm. I knew instinctively how to please her. I lifted and gently squeezed them, running my fingers lightly over her nipples. It wasn't long before she lowered them down to my lips where I first kissed the undersides, then worked my way up to her already hard nipples. I took each one in and sucked and teased, feeling them get even harder. She started to moan then moved up to hang them in my mouth. I began sucking and squeezing them harder.
"God, Annie! That's so good! Bite them!", she said as she continued to writhe and moan in ecstasy. I did as she asked, gently nibbling and pulling on them while looking into her eyes. I could tell she was in ecstasy.
"Am I doing it right?", I teased, knowing damn well I was.
"That's it! Yes, that's right!"
I loved the way she looked at me, eyes filled with lust. I thought she was headed to orgasm the way she was moaning and encouraging me.
"Oh, God, Annie! You are soooo fucking hot and beautiful! I love seeing your pretty mouth on my breasts. Mmmmmmm."
She kept feeding me, hanging them in and out of my mouth. I went from one to the other, kissing, licking, sucking, biting. After several minutes, I started to also rub her pussy. That brought her to an even higher level of ecstasy. She started moving on my hand, then reached down and pulled off her panties. I continued sucking her breasts and rubbing her until she wanted me to change course.
She rose up and climbed off me. "I need you to eat my pussy, my pet."
This time there would be no rush to bring her to climax. I was going to go slow and make her scream! She laid back, head propped up against the pillow. I slid down to her feet and began to kiss them, slowly working my way up those beautiful legs, kissing and tracing my way up with my nails. I could feel her tensing up as I closed in, kissing all around her pussy, teasing her. Then I slowly ran my fingers over the opening, teasing it up and down, then did the same with my tongue. I could tell by her moans and sighs that it was pleasing her.
"Mmmmm, that's right, my pet. Just like that. I want you to make me cum. Oooh, yes. Lick my pussy! Oh, yes!!"
I spread her pussy lips and found her clit, flicking it with my tongue and sucking on it over and over. Then I used my tongue to press deeper while I fingered her. She started tensing up, grinding and thrusting up at me. I knew what this meant.
"OOOOOHHHHH! Oh, God! AAAAHHHHH!", she cried out. "Fuck me! AAAAHHHH!"
I tasted her juices for the second time that day, but this time it was so much sweeter. Her cries of ecstasy got me so aroused, I was wet, no soaked. I would do whatever she asked to please her. I was now her willing sub. My husband was so far away, literally and figuratively. I needed sexual gratification which he wasn't providing. I didn't care that she did not reciprocate. That would come later, but not from her.
The next day, I awoke and threw something on for breakfast. I arrived to see Lynn was already there looking as hot as ever. Across the dining car from our table was the gorgeous MILF with her husband and two children. I observed her almost constant stares directed toward us.
"Do you see her looking this way again, Annie?"
"Yes, she is making it obvious."
"I'm guessing she will find an excuse to stay behind after they finish. If she does, she will be ours."
When Lynn said "ours" my heart began pounding. This was going to happen. I didn't know what she had planned, but I anticipated an epic erotic episode.
Just as Lynn predicted, her husband and children left as she stayed behind to finish her breakfast. We both got up and approached her table on the way out.
Lynn put her hand on her shoulder and leaned in making sure she had a good view of her breasts. Her eyes immediately focused on them.
"If you want to see more..." Looking deep into her eyes, she placed a note in her hand. Then we turned and walked away.
I asked her, "What was in the note?"
"I told her to make an excuse to not go on the tour and come to 5C after everyone leaves, dressed only in her bra and panties. I want you to do the same and put on your silk robe. When she comes, and she will, just follow my lead, my pet. I will join you in a few minutes."
I did as she said and waited. The anticipation of introducing another was so arousing. I didn't know exactly what Lynn had planned, but I knew it would be incredible. A few minutes later she returned, also donning a beautiful, sexy robe. The train came to a stop, signaling that it had reached the tour destination. It wasn't much longer after passengers departed that there came a knock on the door. Lynn opened the door and the incredibly beautiful MILF entered, wearing an elegant robe.
"I'm Alice,", she said, nervously.
"I am Lynn, and she is Annie. I knew you would come. Now tell us why a beautiful married woman like you wants to be with us", Lynn asked.
"When I saw you that first time boarding the train, I was hoping to see you again. When I saw you at dinner, I knew then I needed to act on a fantasy of being with another woman. I thought it would never happen until you caught my eye. When you looked at me the way you did, I knew you were the one. I continued staring hoping you got the message. I imagined the two of you together, naked and thought how erotic it was. I want that."
"You are so lovely. Are you willing to do what I ask?"
"Anything. I've been wanting this for so long."
"Annie, take off her robe."
I stood in front her, undid her sash and opened her robe. My God, she was dressed in a sexy bra and panties, just like Lynn asked. Her robe dropped to the floor. She had an amazing body. It was like she never had children. Her ample breasts, slim waist, firm ass and shapely legs were so enticing.
"My God, you are stunning. Your husband is a lucky man, but I'll bet he doesn't satisfy you the way a woman can", Lynn said.
"I love him, but you are right. There are certain sexual things he won't do, things I so desire to experience."
"Does your husband know about your fantasies?", Lynn asked.
"Yes. I convinced him to watch girl on girl videos to spice up our lovemaking, but as far as he knows, I would never act on them. I can't count the number of times I've masturbated thinking about what it would be like. My husband can never know that I was here."
"Well, Alice, we won't tell if you don't."
With that, Lynn walked away, turned her back to us and slowly undid the sash on her robe. As it came open and fell to the floor, Lynn was completely naked! She began moving sensuously while running her fingers through her long, brown hair. Then slowly turned to face us. Alice had to catch her breath. She had never seen a more incredible body. The hunger in her eyes was evident. Her fantasies were about to become reality. Lynn raised her arms to draw attention to her ample breasts while slightly spreading her legs, giving Alice a view of her pussy. This young seductress had an amazing body and she new how to use it.
"Do you like what you see, Alice?"
"Yes, Lynn, you are more beautiful than I imagined.", she said breathlessly.
"As are you, Alice. Annie, do you think she is beautiful?"
I didn't know what was coming, but I couldn't wait for what was next. "So beautiful, Lynn."
"Take off your robe, Annie."
As my robe dropped to the floor, Lynn asked. "Alice, do you like Annie?"
"Yes, she is gorgeous."
"I want you to kiss her, Alice."
I was surprised by this. I had never kissed another girl and I guessed neither did she, but I was eager to do so. She turned to face me, drew closer and closed her eyes. I did the same as our lips lightly touched in a soft, sweet kiss.
"Now kiss like you want to be kissed, my pets", Lynn ordered.
This time, our mouths opened, tongues reaching out to lightly touch each other. Her lips were so soft and inviting. I began to softly suck on her bottom lip as she did on my upper lip, then flicking my tongue on hers. The sensual teasing continued until our lips again met. They locked together as I felt her tongue dart into my opened my mouth meeting mine, intertwining in a passionate kiss. It was so erotic and beautiful. No man had ever kissed me that way. At that moment I knew where my new path would lead. I loved pleasuring Lynn but the closeness I felt with Alice was so beautiful. Two women who had been searching for erotic lesbian love had found each other and the passion we discovered was so sensual.
We embraced; hot bodies pressed against each other. I ran my fingers through her hair, her arms wrapped around my waist pulling me even closer. We began to move on each other, pussies grinding on the other's thigh. Then I felt her hand move up my side then onto my breast, lifting, squeezing and rubbing my hard nipple. I in turn did the same. She responded by grinding her pussy on mine.
"That's it ladies, show me more". Lynn was enjoying the show, but not as much as I. I could tell this is what Alice so much wanted, and I was her willing partner. I reached behind her and undid the clasp of her bra, then threw it to the floor. I broke our kiss and started kissing her neck while running my hands up her sides then onto her breasts. They were beautiful, firm and more than a handful. I could hear her moan as I lifted them and took in one of her now hard nipples. I teased it and sucked on each breast. She backed me up until I was sitting on the edge of the bed.
"Oh, Annie, don't stop! No one has ever kissed them like you!", she sighed.
She leaned in and brought them to me. I looked up to see her watching me as I again began pleasuring her delicious mounds. I lifted them and began kissing the underside of each breast, then buried my face between them while my fingers teased her nipples. My mouth again began licking, lightly biting and sucking her rock hard nipples. I felt her hand on my head, pushing it down as she thrust them hard into my mouth.
"Suck them hard, Annie! Oh, God! That's feels soooo good!"
I obeyed her wishes and began to devour them, moving from one to another, sucking, squeezing, biting, while she watched, so aroused. She licked her lips and started thrusting her hips out to me as my hand began rubbing her pussy through her wet panties. She was in ecstasy. Then she broke away and kissed me again.
"Now it's my turn."
I felt her hands undoing my bra and throwing it to the floor. She crawled up behind me, reaching around to cup and fondle my breasts as she kissed and bit my neck and shoulders. Her fingers began teasing my sensitive nipples and they responded. I wanted her to do more. I didn't have to wait long. She guided me onto my back and began to kiss and lick my stomach, while her hands fondled my aching breasts. Moving up, she began kissing the undersides, then between them before flicking her tongue on my erect nipples. She teased them, gently biting and pulling. God, she was driving me crazy. I wanted her to suck them hard! Finally, her hungry mouth started to feed on my nipples, teasing and sucking them like I had never felt before. I couldn't believe how beautiful a woman's touch would be; soft, gentle hands and sweet lips on my body. I knew from that time on that it was something I would always want and need. Women know how to please other women.
She then slid behind me, positioning herself above me and hung her breasts over my mouth. As she dropped them down to me, at the same time she bent down and began sucking on my breasts. I couldn't believe this MILF! She was incredible. All those years fantasizing and now she was living it. The two of us locked in passion was getting Lynn so aroused. I glanced over and she was leaning back on the wall, squeezing her breasts and rubbing her pussy, so turned on watching two beautiful women in the throes of passion. I knew that each of us would soon be ravaging her.
I felt Alice pulling at my panties. I obliged her by taking them off and she did the same. She then moved up so that our pussies were inches from each other's hungry mouths. We began to lick each other. She was so fucking hot, grinding her vagina onto me as I continued licking. I knew it was the first time for her. She was letting me know how much she needed it.
"Oh, Annie! Your tongue feels sooooo good. Please don't stop!"
"OOOHHH, yes Alice! Just like that!!"
She was so aroused, licking and teasing me. She followed my lead on her, spreading my lips and working my clit. Her tongue seemed so experienced for someone who had never licked pussy. This was the first time anyone had eaten me, and I was so glad it was a woman. Her mouth felt so good, so hot. I knew she would bring me to a spectacular orgasm.
"Annie, I'm so close! I want you to finish with me!"
We were both ready to explode. I could feel myself about to climax when Alice started to moan even louder and tense up.
"Oh, Annie! OOOOOHHHHH!"
I could taste her as juices flowed onto my tongue. I also felt myself tense up and reaching orgasm the same time.
"AAAAHHHHH! Oh, fuck! OOOOOHHHH!"
It was the most incredible sexual release I had ever experienced. But Alice was still not satiated, and neither was I. We turned our attention to Lynn, looking so sensual while still pleasuring herself. She beckoned us to come to her.
"That was beautiful and so erotic, my pets. Now that you've satisfied each other, I need you to take care of me."
She leaned that incomparable body against the wall and motioned to us. We went to her, both eager to please. We began by worshipping her amazing breasts. Each taking one, squeezing, kissing, licking, nibbling on her hard nipples and sucking voraciously. At times, our lips would meet, and we paused for sensual kisses, then back to devouring those amazing tits.
"You are so beautiful!", cried Alice. "I want all of you!"
Her mouth then returned to Lynn's swollen nipple. She wanted more.
"I love seeing your sweet mouths on my breasts. Mmmmmm. That's it, suck them. Yes, just like that!" Lynn was thrusting them out to us, moaning and moving sensually. She was so turned on by two women pleasuring her.
She began gently running her fingers through our hair as she pressed her breasts hard onto to our mouths. Her moans increased as she began thrusting her hips out. Alice saw this as a sign as her hand moved down to Lynn's wet pussy and began to lightly stroke it. Seeing this, I dropped to the floor and began running my fingers up Lynn's legs, then kissing her from her toes up to her silky inner thighs. Alice couldn't get enough of her breasts. She continued pleasuring them while I began licking Lynn's pussy. God, I loved eating her. The sensual way she moved on my mouth, grinding up and down in rhythm with my tongue was so hot.
Then Alice decided to join in. I spread Lynn's pussy lips and Alice went for her clit. She was like a starved animal, licking and biting, pushing her tongue deep into her. As she was feeding on that beautiful vagina, I moved back up to Lynn's ample breasts. She raised her arms over her head and arched her back pushing them out to me. I took them in, sucking hard on her distended pink nipples. We were setting her on fire. She continued grinding and moving sensually, hands pushing on the wall behind her as Alice continued her voracious assault on her pussy.
"Oh, Lynn! You taste so fucking good! I want you to cum!"
"Oh, Alice!", she screamed. "I'm so close! Mmmmmmm."
Alice had no intention of stopping. That only made her continue with more vigor. She knew she was taking Lynn to an amazing orgasm. As she tensed up, Alice drove her tongue deep into her, readying herself for the sweetness about to come.
What a scene that was, two beautiful, sensual women pleasuring this exotic teenage goddess, bringing her to the edge of an incredible climax. Two women that before this trip only fantasized about being with another female. Two women who were seduced by this sensual vixen predator, whom they were unable to resist. Two women who, from that time on, would be searching for sexual gratification that only being with another woman could give them.
"OOOOOHHHHH! You are so fucking goooood! AAAAAHHHHHH!", Lynn moaned as she climaxed.
I dropped back down to my knees and the two of us licked her clean. She fell back against the wall, completely spent and satisfied, then slid down to the floor. It wasn't long before her eyes closed, and she was out.
Alice and I came back up to our feet, looked at each other and embraced, softly kissing, both tasting the sweet nectar from Lynn's hot pussy. Two hot, naked bodies pressed against each other.
"That was incredible", Alice said. "I've always imagined what it would be like, but it was so much better."
"Yes, Alice, for me also. Lynn has turned our fantasies into reality."
"I'm not ready for this day to end. I want to make love to you again, Annie, but this time without urgency."
She pulled me close, our bodies again responding to each other's touch, kissing passionately. Her soft hands moved from my waist up to my breasts, lifting and squeezing, running her fingers over my nipples, kissing my neck.
Her secret desire to be with another woman was realized but she wanted more. I also didn't want this day to end so I gave myself to her. Her lips found their way once again to my breasts, softly kissing them. She was so tender, her tongue teasing my nipples, taking them in and gently sucking.
"I want you to bite them, Alice", I pleaded.
She continued sucking, but harder now, then softly bit and pulled on them.
"Like that?", she asked as she seductively looked up asking for my approval.
"Oh yes, just like that!"
I looked down at this beautiful woman feeding on my swollen nipples, my fingers running through her hair. It was so arousing. She then began to suck even harder, going back and forth from one breast to another. She was insatiable. Then I felt her hand on my inner thigh, her fingers sliding up to tease my pussy.
"Come with me."
She sat me down on the bed, dropped to her knees and spread my legs. She ran her fingers inside my thighs and leaned in until she reached her goal. She ran her fingers near my pussy, teasing me. Then I felt them gently running up and down, lightly penetrating me. Next, she pulled me to her, her mouth inches from me. I could feel her breath as she closed in. I felt her the touch of her tongue moving up and down. She started licking me, as her fingers spread my lips. She had done me earlier, but this time she was taking her time. Her tongue found my clit and began to work it. I felt her finger penetrate deep inside me as she increased her intensity. I tensed up and fell backwards in ecstasy ready to explode.
"Oh my God, Alice! I'm soooo close. Fuck me!! OOOOOOHHHHHH, AAAAAHHHHHH!
She brought me to an even greater orgasm than before. It was like waves of ecstasy crashing over me. A second climax better than I thought was possible. I wanted to spend the night with her but knew that was out of the question. She kissed my cheek and told me it was time to get back to her family. The two of us learned that day that there was nothing like a beautiful woman's touch. We would never forget our first lesbian encounter. We both knew it wouldn't be our last.
Thanks to Lynn, it was the most incredible, sensual, erotic episode I had ever experienced. She lured Alice in not only for herself, but also for me. I had never had another woman pleasure me. She was so tender and knew just what to do. She lived out her fantasy and will never be the same and neither will I. Sex with her husband will most likely be the same, but it will never satisfy her like our sensual lesbian encounter. She will be searching, trying to find the kind of love she needs. She never had the chance to be with us again the remaining days of the trip. She had to pay attention to her family, but each time she saw us, her eyes told us she wanted to. For me, I spent the remainder of the trip with Lynn, even going on a couple of tours together. It was a week I'll never forget. My life was changed forever.
After arriving in Vancouver, I moved in our apartment. While Joe was still away, I had second thoughts about our marriage. I had so much more to discover sexually, and marriage would only get in the way at that point. Besides, Joe would not be able to satisfy my sexual urges. Plus, it wasn't much of a marriage at all. The next time we talked on the phone, I explained how I felt and what my needs were, and it was he who suggested we part. He knew that his job would have him traveling often and it wouldn't be fair to our marriage.
I found employment as a personal assistant at a publishing company and moved into a place of my own. Lynn had decided that modeling wasn't for her and never applied. We met one more time and I got to pleasure her irresistible body for the last time. But she changed the course of my life. I am now exploring my lesbian side. Tender, erotic sex with beautiful women is all I think about and all I desire currently. Marriage and men are the farthest things from my mind. It's very simple: a man can't do for me sexually what a woman can.
I am now free to explore new sexual experiences, thanks to a young, seductive vixen, Lynn Bowman. I am having dinner tonight at my apartment with my boss, and beautiful thirty something married woman whom I've been grooming for several weeks. This time I am the seductress, and she is the prey. I believe I have brought her to the point where she will submit to my advances. Time will tell if Lynn taught me well.