I'd never vacationed alone, but that's what I needed now. My girlfriend had split, don't ask me why, I'd just sent two complicated proposals off to clients for them to think about for a week, and I was tired of the snow, slush, and gray skies of winter. Tired, too, of watching girls bundled up in woolen slacks and overcoats with their hoods. I wanted to go someplace warm, with girls dressed much more sparingly, and with nobody to explain anything to. Yeah, a vacation alone would suit me just fine.
The internet to the rescue. Google led me to one of those last-minute-vacation sites and after a half-hour of poking around, I found a one-week cruise on a catamaran out of the Dutch side of St. Maarten. Way out in the Caribbean, but the deal looked good so I booked it. More clicking and I had a flight from Boston, by way of Atlanta. Did I say way out? It had me leaving Boston at 11 PM, arriving in Atlanta in the middle of the night, then leaving at 9 AM for 4 more hours to Phillipsburg. With the boat leaving at four, that got me there with plenty of time to spare.
The only good thing about the flight time was that it gave me all day Friday to pack up. I'd be on the boat in a day-and-a-half!
Well, of course, it didn't work out that way. My flight left closer to 1 AM, delayed by thunderstorms (at night?) around Atlanta, and then the connecting flight had to wait for another crew. Too much time in the air, FAA regulations, mandatory rest. Looked like I'd get to Philipsburg about 6 PM, literally missing the boat.
I called the charter company and got lucky. They didn't have to do it, but they agreed to put me on a boat leaving on Sunday. Some other group had chartered it with an open cabin, and I could take it if I didn't mind sailing with a bunch of strangers. Didn't matter to me, since that's what I was doing anyway.
Well, you don't need the details, but another screwup in Atlanta delayed things even more, so I got to Philipsburg around 6 AM on Sunday pretty much a wreck. I hadn't really slept since Thursday night. With the airport empty, I zipped through customs and immigration, got into a waiting cab, and found myself on the dock, next to two boats, one of which was probably mine.
Nobody around, but after banging on the office door, a kid, who'd apparently been sleeping, finally opened it.
"I'm Taylor Briggs," I said. "I'm on one of today's charters. I called. Somebody said I could switch to today's, after missing yesterday's." I realized I was barely making sense, but that was the best I could do.
"Leave four in afternoon," said the kid. At least he spoke English.
"Yeah, I know. But anyway I could board now? I haven't slept."
"Now? No buddy there."
"OK, but can I just sack out?" Whoops. "I mean, just sleep on the boat anyway?"
The kid looked at me, then back into the office. He wanted to sleep as much as I did. "OK. Not touch anything. Boat is Joy Ride. Wait." He went to a desk in the corner and started to look through some papers. "Cabin 3. Not touch anything."
"Thank you!" I yelled back as I ran to the boat. I found a short ladder down from the saloon, and there was cabin 3. Not hard to find, since there were only four in all.
I dropped my bag, took off my shoes, climbed onto the bed, and must have fallen asleep instantly.
* * *
I woke up to the whole cabin vibrating. Where was I? Oh yeah, on a boat. The vibrations were from the engine. My phone said it was 4:40 PM. I'd slept all day!
It was hot as hell in that cabin, and the clothes I'd slept in were drenched in sweat. I got them off, put on a bathing suit and a T-shirt, and climbed into the saloon, which was empty, but I heard voices outside. I went up a couple of steps and out onto the rear deck and found myself in front of a table with benches all around. On the benches were three gorgeous girls. They were having some kind of blue cocktail, but their talking and drinking stopped when they saw me.
"A man?" I'm not sure which one said it. Maybe two of them at the same time. It was a very odd greeting.
"Yeah. I am a man." I didn't know what else to say. "I'm Taylor. I've been sleeping all day I guess." We were going at a pretty good clip, just clearing the harbor. "It seems we're underway."
"I thought Taylor was a girl's name," said one of the blondes.
"It's a man's name, too," I said. Defending my gender and name was ridiculous. Why were they so concerned with my gender?
"We're sorry," said the girl in the middle, finally realizing how awkward things were. "No way to welcome you. I'm Christy. This is Wendy and Gail." She smiled, showing perfect teeth.
"I'm Wendy," said the blonde to my left, next to the wheel. "That's Gail over there." She giggled.
"And, sorry to say it, apologies all around, but I'm still Taylor." With some sleep, I was able to be clever again.
The girls laughed. "Let's start over, please," said Wendy. "It's just that the four of us booked a private cruise, Ellen couldn't make it, so we asked them to book another girl if they could. Then you popped out, and took us by surprise."
That sort of made sense. "I forgive you," I said. "What say you make room for a man, pass me a glass, and I'll have some of that blue whatever-it-is."
"Blue Hawaii, mostly rum," said Wendy, sliding over so I could join them on the bench. "And you're probably hungry, right?" She passed the chips and salsa.
I'd been so fixated on the girls that I didn't notice another woman at the wheel. "Hello," I said, turning to her.
"I'm Dominique," she said, not taking her eyes from the water ahead. "Captain and cook. We're not going far tonight, just to anchor outside the harbor. We'll stop for the night in a few minutes, and then I'll fix dinner."
With a few sips of Blue Hawaii and some chips and salsa, I started to feel much better. For the first time in two days, I could start to relax. I looked at the girls. My first take had been right. They were beyond beautiful. Long hair, perfect features, and, even sitting down, I could tell, despite their loose-fitting shirts, they had slender, well-toned bodies.
They were staring at me again.
"You know, you girls seem friendly enough, but I have the funny feeling I've crashed your party. Being a man and all."
Christy gave me another of her great smiles. "Yeah, you did. You crashed our party. Should we toss him over the side?"
"No, don't!" said Gail. "Let him stay!" She laughed.
"Yeah," giggled Wendy. "He can stay. Two votes to one."
"No, it's unanimous," said Christy. "Do you want to stay? You'd be sailing with all girls. Captain, too, I guess you noticed, so four total."
That was fine with me. More than fine. "OK, then, I'm stuck, I'll stay." I raised my glass. "To the girls." They raised their glasses, and the deal was struck.
Dominique cut the engines, dropped anchor, and then disappeared below, emerging a few minutes later with another pitcher of Blue Hawaii and a plate of veggies. Then she went back to the galley to make dinner.
Dinner with my new friends was a treat. They were funny, in addition to being beautiful and sexy. And, smart, too. Wendy and Christy were law partners in Miami, and Gail was a college friend, now a radiologist in Atlanta. I waited as long as possible to tell them I was a structural engineer, but no problem. Didn't bother them at all.
After dinner, they found a bottle of Irish whiskey in one of the galley cabinets. I had a glass with them but then decided to let them enjoy some girl-only time.
"I'm going to leave you gorgeous girls to yourselves now," I said, filling my glass. "See you in the morning."
"Will you still be a man?" asked Christy.
"Yeah, sorry to say."
"Then we'll have to stay clothed," said Gail.
"However you wish," I said. I knew what I wished. I stepped into the saloon so they couldn't see me getting hard.
I read awhile in my cabin, finished off my drink, and went to sleep to the sounds of distant girl talk. Dreaming of girl bodies, even though I hadn't even really seen their bodies.
Christy, Wendy, and Gail. Wendy, Gail, and Christy. Gail, Christy, and Wendy...
* * *
With all that sleep (finally!) I was up just after seven. Dominique had a pot of coffee in the saloon. I poured a cup, worked my way around to the bow, taking care not to wake the girls below my feet, and sat down on the trampoline between the hulls. I emptied my cup, went back for more, and resumed my position, staring off into the water and watching the low sunlight bouncing off of the waves.
"Good morning!" I turned to a backlit vision of ultimate beauty. It was Gail. Wearing a bikini that had maybe six square inches of fabric. Two triangles covering her nipples, and another at her crotch. Long legs, a flat midsection, long hair waving in the light breeze.
"Good morning, Gail. Sleep well?"
"I did," she said. "Where's the coffee?"
"You must have passed it," I said. "In the saloon."
She came back with coffee, Christy and Wendy right behind. Their bikinis were as brief as Gail's, and their bodies equally great. No, Wendy's was greater. As slim as the others, but more defined. She worked out or maybe was a runner.
They sat down right next to me.
"Do you know when breakfast is?" asked Christy.
I was no longer the new guy. As the first riser, I was assumed to know things. "No idea," I answered. "When Dominique says so, I imagine."
"I imagine that, too," stated Wendy, with a laugh.
"Which brings up an issue," said Gail, looking serious. "We might as well come clean. We booked this as an all-girls cruise because we want to be nude. Which we don't want to just imagine."
"And with a man aboard you can't," I said, trying to complete her thought.
"We can too!" said Christy. "But we talked about it, and we think it's only proper to ask your permission first."
This was too good. These unbelievable creatures were asking permission to be nude. How should I play this? "What makes you think I like girls to be nude?" I smiled, trying to make it look boyish, not creepy.
"Oh, we're sorry," giggled Wendy. "You don't?"
"OK, well, I don't. But, as I'm the one who ruined your vacation, I'll play along. You can be nude."
The girls laughed.
"No, not nude," said Christy. "We don't even know you! But, after breakfast, we're going to be topless." She hooked a finger between her breasts and gently pulled on her top. "We're mostly there already."
"OK, then, I'll be topless, too," I said. "In fact, I'll start." The sun had risen enough to warm things up. I took off my shirt.
"Sexy!" said Gail. She reached over and started playing with my chest hair.
Just then Dominique called out through the galley window that was just behind where we were sitting. We stepped carefully around to the stern where the table was set with a sumptuous breakfast: muffins, scrambled eggs, sausage, sliced mango, freshly-squeezed orange juice.
I started to put my shirt on as I slid onto the bench. "No, keep it off," said Gail. The girls smiled, and I'm pretty sure Christy winked.
After breakfast, the girls disappeared into their cabins. Dominique cleared the table, cleaned up in the galley, raised anchor, and fired up the engine.
"Any sailing today?" I asked as she took the wheel.
"Maybe later," she said. "We want to try to make Grand Case by early afternoon. The wind may have other ideas."
* * *
With the boat underway, the girls came up the steps from the saloon with towels and sunscreen and made their way to the trampoline. I couldn't see much from the stern, but, looking through the saloon, I could see them removing their tops, as promised. Then they disappeared from view as they lay down. Three topless beauties stretched out on towels, I imagined.
I went down below to get my book and returned to my seat next to Dominique and got lost in the story.
Suddenly Christy appeared. I looked up. She looked good before, but now, topless, her appearance was astounding.
"You don't have to stay here, Taylor," she said. "Come sit with us."
"Wendy and Gail won't mind?" I asked.
"Of course not," she said. "We wouldn't be topless if we didn't want you to see us." She placed her hands under her breasts to push them up. "You like?"
I struggled for something clever to say, but clever wasn't what I wanted to be just then. "Of course I do," I said dumbly. And even more dumbly: "I love your breasts."
"Me, too," said Christy, as she bent her head and licked her left nipple. Then her right. She looked up and smiled. "Follow me."
I followed her along the side of the boat to the trampoline, with a great view of her exposed ass. I sat down with the girls. Wearing only their tiny bottoms, they were practically nude.
"I told Taylor to come sit with us," explained Christy.
"Absolutely," said Wendy. She was leaning on her hands, chest thrust forward.
"Where else?" asked Gail, squeezing her breasts. "Nice chest, Taylor," she giggled.
"Yours is nicer," I said, laughing. I was in heaven.
That broke the ice. The rest of the day, through lunch, the girls stayed topless. The alcohol flowed, and somehow the time flew by. Before we knew it Dominique had sailed into Grand Case harbor and cut the engine. She dropped anchor, and we were done sailing for the day. Did we actually sail? I don't think we did, but, really, I couldn't have said. Too much else to look at.
"Um... we're going to get dressed to go ashore," said Gail. "You want to come with us? Most men don't like to go into jewelry and dress shops. You don't have to, you know."
"I'll come ashore and do some photography," I said. "You want to meet up in a couple of hours? How about there, that place with the yellow roof?" I was pointing to a bar on the water's edge, where the tables went right down to the sand. I didn't know the spot, but the people there looked like they were having a good time.
The girls agreed. We changed, I got my camera, and Dominique took us ashore in the dinghy.
"I'll pick you up over there about six," said Dominique, pointing to a nearby dock. "I need to get some supplies, and I need to dock to do that. Any of you have a watch?"
Wendy and I said we did, so Dominique waved and took off back to the boat.
"OK, well, we're off shopping," said Gail. She looked at the yellow-roofed building. "It's called the White Wave, near as I can tell. See you there at, say, 3:30?"
I nodded and took off towards the marina. The girls went the other way, towards the shops.
* * *
When the girls showed up at the White Wave's beach-side bar, I was already seated at a picnic table right at the water's edge. In fact, my feet were in the surf.
"Hey, Taylor," said Christy.
"Yo, it's that man again!" giggled Wendy.
"Hiya, Mr.," said Gail.
"First round's on me, girls," I said, motioning to the bikini-clad waitress. "How was shopping?"
"Aw, you don't give a fuck," said Wendy. For some reason, that was hilarious, and we all started laughing.
"No, I really do," I managed to squeeze out.
"Well, we can't tell you," said Christy. "We bought intimate apparel. You can't see us in underwear. We don't even want you to know we have underwear."
"Near as I can tell, you don't own any," I said. "What'd you pack your stuff in, a quart bottle?"
"No, carry-ons," said Gail. "We like to dress up."
"In Grand Case?" I asked.
"Well, maybe not Grand Case," said Gail. The waitress arrived and we ordered beers.
"Get any photos?" asked Christy. "Can I see?"
I turned on my camera, pressed the preview button, and passed it to her. She took the camera, switched off the preview, and stepped back to take a photo of us all.
"You know cameras," I said.
"Yup. I have a micro four-thirds, too. Like yours, but a Panasonic. More of a rangefinder style. I'll let you try my fisheye. Great for shots on the boat."
Wendy and Gail were looking at us strangely.
"Sorry," I said. "Christy and I were geeking."
"Sounds sexy," said Wendy. "I'm getting wet just listening."
The beers arrived. Christy took one and pretended to pour it on Wendy, who jumped off of her chair.
"Just trying to cover up your wetness, darling," said Christy. It looked like the girls were starting to really relax and behave like, well, girls behave when no guy's around. I felt strangely out of place and very much included at the same time.
We kept up the joking through two more rounds, and then Wendy looked at her watch and shrieked. "It's 6:10!"
I paid the whole bill, all three rounds and the snacks with a couple of American tens, which I hoped would be OK, and we ran out of the bar towards to dock. Fortunately, Dominique was still loading supplies. We helped with the last couple of boxes and then climbed down into the dinghy, sitting where we could among the cargo.
Back on the boat, we brought up the boxes and handed them down to Dominique, who had opened a hatch in the stern and lowered herself into some sort of storeroom. The double-hulled boat was full of all sorts of hidden spaces like that.
Then Dominique fixed us another pitcher of something green, which Wendy identified as a Leprechaun. We'd already had multiple beers, but, on a boat, there's always room for more! There was also a plate of really tasty appetizers, with shrimp and sausages. I couldn't figure out when Dominique had done all that, but we were so glad she had.
We talked, laughed, joked, and teased through cocktail hour and dinner, and then some more over the remainder of the Irish whiskey from last night, and another bottle of gin from the same cabinet. I couldn't tell if I was becoming great friends with girls, or if it was just a boat thing. Who cares?
We got off to bed around one, and I slept like a baby.
* * *
I was awakened by footsteps on the ceiling. That turned out to be Gail, who was making her way to the trampoline with her morning coffee. Two more sets of footsteps followed. I wondered how the girls were able to synchronize things so well. I thought I'd better sync up, too, so I washed up a little, put on my bathing suit, skipping my shirt, and climbed up to the saloon. I filled a cup with coffee and went to join the girls.
"Good morning, Taylor," they said, more-or-less in unison.
"Morning, girls. Another fine day!"
"Is it your birthday?" asked Wendy.
Strange question, but I was getting used to their silliness. "No, not today," I responded.
"Christmas?"
"No. A few hundred more shopping days."
"Well, then why did we get you a present?" asked Christy.
"No idea," I said. "Did you? Why did you?"
"We were confused," said Gail. "Should we give it to him anyway?"
Christy and Wendy both nodded, so Gail gave me the package, somewhat sloppily wrapped in a paper bag. "Don't open it yet," she said. "It something to wear after breakfast."
"We wanted you to feel more comfortable hanging out with us," said Gail. "We're half nude, and you're wearing regular man clothes, so we were thinking you felt out of place. We found this on our shopping trip. Don't open it!"
"OK, OK, I won't open it," I said. "After breakfast, right?"
"Yeah, after breakfast. Then put it on, and meet us on the trampoline."
I knew what it was already. "It's a stupid T-shirt, right?"
"Why would we want you in a T-shirt?" asked Wendy. "It's not. And it's not furry socks, either. Stop guessing! Just put it on after breakfast."
She sounded really insistent. I tucked the gift along the side and went back to my coffee, but just then Dominique called, so we all went back to the stern, me carrying my gift.
Breakfast over, I asked, "Should I open my present?"
"Yeah, go ahead," said Christy.
I ripped the bag open and took out some sort of elastic strap, with some stretchy cloth attached. I had no idea what it was. I unfolded the cloth, and then I knew. I looked at the girls, who were trying to hold back giggles. "I don't know what you call it," I said, "but it some sort of male g-string thing."
"Penis sheath," said Gail, rather clinically, speaking like the physician she was.
"Our bare breasts were making you uncomfortable," said Christy, with authority. That wasn't true at all, but I didn't feel like arguing. "We're half-naked, and you're not any part naked, so it's not fair. To you." She started laughing. "OK, never mind that horse shit. I mean to us."
"Yeah, we want to see more of you," said Wendy.
"You know how to put it on?" asked the doctor. "Want me to help?"
"I'll figure it out," I said. "So, I get the idea, I'm to put it on and, let me guess, meet you on the trampoline?"
"Smart man!" said Christy. "Did you learn any penis structural engineering? I think you might need to know some of that."
The girls were getting very frisky, and we'd only just finished breakfast.
"I think men have a long spongy thing that sometimes inflates, and then a sort of sac with balls in it," offered Gail. "I've looked all over, and I don't have anything like that. I think you stuff the spongy thing and the ball sac in the meshy part, and the elastic goes around your waist. Or maybe you do it the other way around."
"OK, look," continued Wendy, picking up where Gail left off. "You go below and figure it out, and then if it's not right we'll help you adjust it when you come topside."
"I'll figure it out," I said. It seemed that the girls and I were going to get to be really good friends indeed.
In my cabin, I stripped and put on the sheath, which was pretty easy to figure out after all. My flaccid penis easily fit into the narrow part, with lots of material left hanging loose. The sac part had a tight elastic band which tucked behind my nuts. I looked in the mirror, and the whole thing didn't look much more revealing than a Speedo, except for the back, which was absent entirely. Well, same for the girls there, so we were even.
I returned to the trampoline to the delightful sight of bare-breasted Christy, Wendy, and Gail, stretched out along the edge of the trampoline, as though waiting for a show to start. I stood in front of them.
"Turn around," commanded Wendy. I did so. "Nice buns," she said.
"Yeah, nice" and "Totally hot," from Gail and Christy.
"Let's see the front, something's wrong," said Gail, examining with her radiologist's eyes, as though X-raying me. "It's just hanging loose. Maybe we bought the wrong size?"
"No, he can change size," said Christy. "He can get bigger."
"You don't say!" said Wendy. "Well, he needs to, because it doesn't look like it fits. How do we make him bigger?"
I started to laugh, and then the girls did, too. "I won't get bigger," I said, playing the game, "because I'm not aroused. Naked breasts don't do anything for me, sorry."
Christy scooted forward on the trampoline and put her hands on my thighs. "I'm sure you're wrong." She started stroking them, and then spread her hands and placed them on my pelvis, circling my cock with her forefingers and thumbs. She began massaging my pelvis, and, guess what, I started to get bigger. And bigger. And bigger, until I was as hard as I'd ever been, all eight inches. The sheath inflated like a balloon.
All this time Wendy and Gail were watching intently. They had scooted forward, too, so all three faces were just inches from my hard-on.
I adjusted the sheath a bit, pulled the sac back to make sure it was doing its job, and stepped back, thrusting my pelvis forward. "A better fit?" I asked.
"Much," said Christy, admiring her handiwork.
"So now you can hang with us in comfort," said Gail. "And I do mean hang."
"Amazing," said Wendy. "One size really does fit all, as they say."
So, that was our boatwear. The girls in those microscopic bottoms, and me in my generous but very form-fitting sheath. I'd totally forgot about Dominique, but, when she saw me, she smiled and nodded. No problems with rules of the boat, I guess.
Of course, I didn't stay hard all the time, even with all that sexy female flesh on view. Every once in awhile one of the girls would notice, come over, start stroking my chest, legs, or pelvis, and then I'd get hard again. That's as far as it went, except for one time when Gail got me hard by stroking the inside of my thighs, and then finished off her skillful work by giving my shaft a firm squeeze. Just once. No harm, no foul.
I liked the sheath. I felt sexy, yet somehow properly dressed. Maybe that's how a woman feels in a revealing dress at a formal event? Who knows. I have enough trouble just figuring how what a man is supposed to feel.
We only motored for a couple of hours out of Grand Case, to a little island with a few picnic tables and a refreshment stand. The girls put on their tops, I put on my swim trunks and we swam ashore from where the catamaran was docked.
We rented snorkeling equipment and had a great time among the rocks on the other side of the island, opposite the deeper water where the boats anchored. The girls kept coming up behind and above me and sliding their hands into my shorts to grab my ass. I thought seriously about doing the same to them but held off. The way things had gone with the sheath this morning, I thought we might be on some sort of trajectory that was going to lead somewhere really good, and I didn't want to derail the train.
Back on the boat for the usual cocktails, red this time, not sure what it was called, we spent the evening pretty well covered up. The girls had on shorts and shirts, and I had the same. We were exhausted from our swimming and all went to bed around eleven.
* * *
The next morning we had another meeting, or so it seemed like, on the trampoline over coffee. I had on shorts over my sheath. The girls wore both halves of their bikinis.
"Taylor, we've been talking," started Christy. "We've had lots of fun with you, especially yesterday. You're great! In fact, we're going to fight over who gets to take you home. Ever think of settling down?"
I didn't like where this was going. Fortunately, it wasn't going where I thought it was.
"But that's not what we were talking about, not really," Christy continued. "We were talking about how you sort of changed our vacation. Not in a bad way, don't feel bad Taylor. We love you!"
"Well, then, in what way?" I asked.
"You know, we already told you. We were going to go nude this week. Remember?"
I did remember. "But you only went topless."
"Right!" said Wendy. "It's Wednesday. I think. Is it Wednesday?" she turned to Gail, who nodded. "Well, it's Wednesday, and, don't be shocked, we're going to get nude."
"And you want me to do what?" I asked.
"What you're doing, Taylor," said Gail. It was amazing how they were always together. It almost didn't matter who was actually speaking. "You wear your sheath, and we wear nothing. With three naked girls, you probably can stay hard without us doing anything. Other than showing you our pussies, that is." She smiled.
"So, it's OK?" asked Gail. Again, such a silly question.
"Let me think it over. Three knockout 30-something girls are asking if it's OK if they go naked?" I paused and scratched my head. "OK, I thought it over. You have my consent."
At that point, we all laughed at this ridiculous conversation. The girls kissed me on the lips, one by one, and we went off to breakfast.
After breakfast, we grabbed towels, sunscreen, and books. Back on the trampoline, the girls stripped naked, and I dropped my shorts, my sheath already on.
I didn't know where to rest my eyes. I really couldn't take them off of the girls, but they were my friends now, and I didn't want to spook them, either. Or make them uncomfortable in any way.
Gail noticed my fidgeting. "Hey, Taylor, come over here." I crawled across the trampoline to where she was sitting. "Closer." I moved closer so that I was kneeling right in front of her. She leaned back and spread her legs wide. "Look at me," she commanded. "I want you to see me as naked as I can possibly be naked."
I just stared at her shaved crotch.
"Us too," said Christy, who had her legs spread. As did Wendy. They were both shaved, too.
"It's like with our boobs," said Gail. "If you look us over, you won't be so awkward with our nakedness. We really, really, want to be nude. Naked. Exposed. Seen. I don't know how else to explain it. It turns us on."
"So, can we now just be ourselves, and not have you wondering what you're supposed to do? Really, Taylor, you're a guy with a hard-on. There are three naked girls with you. You're supposed to enjoy us!"
I did have a hard-on. I was incredibly turned on by the way they kept talking about it.
"Enjoy? You mean with my eyes, right?" I asked.
"Taylor, sweet man, it's only Wednesday. We don't know you yet," laughed Christy. We all laughed. I went back to my book. They went back to theirs. From time to time I looked up at the splendid view across the trampoline. When one of them noticed, she smiled. Wendy even fingered herself once. Somehow that made me even harder.
* * *
On Thursday I was first up and was drinking my coffee on the trampoline when the girls arrived with theirs. They were already nude. We said our greetings and sat down.
"You're nicely dressed," said Christy.
I looked down at my sheath, hanging loose. "Ready for the day." I smiled. "You're all going to breakfast nude?"
"Yes, why not?" asked Gail, pretending to be upset. "You won't be offended, I trust. I don't know what nudist manners are actually. We're not really professional nudists." She giggled.
"No, it's OK," I said. I didn't know why I had even asked. As far as I was concerned, these girls could be as naked as they wanted, whenever and wherever they wanted.
"But you keep your sheath on," said Christy. I thought she might have winked at Wendy and Gail, but wasn't sure.
* * *
Back on the trampoline after breakfast, Wendy spoke first. "We have a request, Taylor." Again, that "we." So weird. Like one person, with six boobs and three pussies.
"Anything, ladies. I always aim to please naked ladies. Or would have always done so, had I ever been with naked ladies before this week."
"We want you to put on our sunscreen. Lots of it. Everywhere. We don't want to burn."
Christy and Gail smiled and nodded. "Front and back," said Gail.
"That will take a while," I said. "With three of you."
"Well, then, better get to work," said Christy. "The sun's still low in the sky. Can I be first?" She turned to the other girls, who shrugged their assent.
Christy spread her towel and turned onto her front, and I started in. Her shoulders and back were lovely, narrowing to a tiny waist and then firm but shapely buttocks. I worked my way down, and then did her long legs, slowly. I was surprised that Wendy and Gail were looking on, gently playing with themselves.
"Don't mind us, keep going," said Wendy.
"Time to turn," I whispered to Christy, who promptly turned onto her back and spread her legs. She flicked my cock with her finger.
"You're hard," she said.
"Fuck, yeah!" I said. "You've got your legs spread, and your pussy is sexy as hell."
"What about us?" asked Gail. "We have pussies, too." Christy nodded.
"You two will make me hard later. Right now, I'm sure it's Christy doing it. A man can only be so hard, you know."
Gail leaned over and grabbed my cock, this time holding on to it. "How hard is that?" she asked, looking directly into my eyes, with a big grin. "You do seem really hard, I've got to admit." She let go.
"Hey, don't interfere with a professional at work. I'm doing Christy, remember?"
"Right! He's doing me," said Christy, pulling me closer. "So do me, Taylor."
The girls sat back and I started on Christy's arms, shoulders, upper chest, and stomach. And all around her breasts. I looked into her eyes. She looked back. So, I spread some more sunscreen on my hands and placed my hands on her breasts, gently squeezing them. I gently pinched her nipples. She smiled and nodded.
"They burn easily," said Christy. So I applied some more sunscreen, and this time really worked it in.
Then I moved to her fantastic legs. Onto her inner thighs, then her pelvis, and all around her pussy.
"Everywhere," whispered Christy. And so I obeyed. I gently spread her labia so I could work the sunscreen in.
I paid special attention to her clitoris. "Most girls don't realize how easily this part burns," I said.
"I know," said Christy. "But it feels pretty good right now."
"Should I stop?" I asked.
"Yes!" interrupted Wendy. "There are three girls here, not just one. And I'm next." Gail started to speak, but then thought better of it and let Wendy go next.
Christy sat up, kissed me on the lips while she held my penis, and said, "Thanks, Taylor. That was terrific."
With all of that attention to Christy, I felt I had to do the same to Wendy. Her breasts were smaller, but perkier and, judging by her soft moans, more sensitive. Emboldened, I worked down and went right for her pussy, working on it even more intensely than I had Christy's. More moaning.
I kept it up until Gail poked my balls with her foot. "Hey, one more to go, Taylor."
Wendy thanked me as Christy had, but she squeezed my cock a lot tighter. "I hope I get you later," she whispered in my ear after her kiss. I wasn't sure what she meant exactly.
So I started on naked girl number three. Her sleek body was, if anything, sexier than Christy's or Wendy's. With the other girls already satisfied, there was no need to rush, so I took my time, especially at the end. Gail's pussy was exquisite. I think all pussies are great, but, well, Gail's was greater.
Gail sat up, held my penis with one hand and cupped my balls with the other while she delivered her kiss.
All of this had taken well over an hour, and I was tired. Also, the sun was now high in the sky.
"Do your back?" asked Christy, now recovered.
"Sure," I said, and rolled face down onto my towel. I wanted her to do my front, too. In fact, I wanted her to yank my sheath off and give me a blow job, while the other two girls watched.
But she just did my back. I did my own front while the girls returned to their books. Oh well. I'd still had the time of my life massaging sunscreen into three sets of naked boobs and three pussies. Not to mention those delicate shoulders and long legs.
* * *
The boat motored into Marigot harbor and docked about three in the afternoon. We had all scrambled below as soon as we saw other boats, and when we got back on deck, properly dressed, the boat was already tied up. We explored the town a bit and ended up at the inevitable bar.
"Taylor, did we thank you enough for putting sunscreen on us this morning?" asked Christy.
"It was my pleasure, girls," I said. Which it indeed was.
"But you worked so hard, and then all I did was your back. Was that fair?"
Before I could answer, Wendy jumped in: "No, it wasn't, Christy."
"It wasn't," echoed Gail. "You know, that sheath doesn't even block the sun, and he may have a burned cock."
Christy pretended to be defensive. "Well, how was I supposed to know? He's kept it covered up."
"Yeah, I'm shy," I said, with a smile. The girls giggled and sipped their drinks.
Suitably sloshed, we managed to find the boat. Dominique freed the line and we motored to well out in the harbor and anchored there. Dinner was somewhat quiet, just a few jokes and stories. Too much alcohol and sun, most likely. Everyone was in their cabins by nine.
* * *
I awoke the next morning to what sounded like an argument, very unusual for the girls, who had seemed to be the best of friends. I caught only a few phrases: "... fair is fair...," "... we can't force it on him...," "... majority vote ...," and, finally, "... maybe he wants what we want?"
The argument stopped when I slid onto the bench for breakfast. The girls just looked at me in silence and smiled. Finally, one of the lawyers, Christy, spoke: "We're more-or-less agreed, right girls?" Wendy and Gail nodded. "OK, well, Taylor, here's the deal. We had fun with you yesterday, even maybe went too far with your cock, underneath that sheath. Sorry about that!" She was trying to be funny, but Wendy and Gail didn't laugh, and you could tell Christy was feeling awkward.
She went on: "Well, I guess I just have to say it, we weren't as happy with things as it looked like."
"No, we weren't," said Gail, rather sternly.
"Right," said Wendy. "Get to it, Christy."
"OK, yeah, well..." Christy cleared her throat. "We talked, maybe you heard a bit of it? It's not right. We're nude and you're not. The sheath is revealing, sexy as hell, and we liked playing with you. But you're still covered up."
"But we can't force you!" said Gail. "Christy, you agreed with that, right?" Now I was starting to understand the argument.
"We can't," said Christy. "You get what we're saying?"
Actually, I did. "Let me try. You all want me nude, but only if I want to be nude, not if everyone but me wants me to be nude."
The tension went away instantly. All three girls were now smiling, real smiles, not forced. "Exactly!" said Wendy. "So?"
"Well, it's fair, yeah, I can see that," I said. In fact, I was still thinking it through. I'd never been naked in front of three girls. No, four, forgot about Dominique. But, I'd been in that sheath. Same thing? Not the same thing? I realized I'd been silent for a full minute, and the girls were now staring at me. Dominique had put down the pancakes and sausage, and was staring, too.
Fuck it. "Alright, I'll say it this way. I want to be nude, too."
"Really?" said Gail, still fearing that I was being forced. "You're sure this is you talking, and not just trying to please us?"
I was starting to feel bad for Gail, so concerned about me. "Yes, it's me, and I'll prove it to you." I slid out from the bench, took off my shirt and dropped my swim trunks, revealing my sheath. Then I hooked my fingers in the elastic and pulled it down, freeing my cock and balls. I put my hands behind my head and thrust my pelvis forward. "So, is this nude enough?"
Even after all our sex play yesterday, the girls looked shocked. I thought that was funny. These were the friskiest girls I'd even met, and I'd managed to stun them.
"Oh, wow!" said Christy.
"He's done it, now he's done it," said Wendy.
"OK, well, I'm convinced," said Gail, now apparently no longer worried.
Finally, Dominique stopped staring and said, "Hey, breakfast is getting cold!"
* * *
After breakfast, we moved to the trampoline, and the girls stripped.
"Taylor, you're now one of us," said Wendy, with a laugh.
"Yeah, nice breasts," giggled Gail.
Christy took charge: "Sunscreen on backs, I'll pair up with Taylor, and we'll start face down." She grabbed her sunscreen. "Lie down, Taylor." Wendy started to do Gail.
"The sun's dangerous here," said Christy. "I need to get all of you." I wasn't sure what she meant since I was on my stomach. Soon, I found out, as she worked her hands into my crack, and then started massaging the sunscreen into my balls. "In case they get loose back there," she said.
"Now me," said Christy. She lay down and I got onto my knees, with my boner sticking way out. Christy couldn't see it, but Wendy and Gail could, and the sight of it made Gail stop putting the lotion on Wendy.
"Oh, that's magnificent," said Gail. "You're huge!" She'd forgotten all about her earlier efforts to respect my sensitivity.
"Yeah, that's what I've been told," I said, trying to be casual about my exposed hard-on in front of the women. I started to do Christy as though nothing special was going on.
With everyone's back (and my balls) well protected, we baked for a half hour or so. Then boss Christy's phone alarm went off. "Time to turn, girls and Taylor," she said.
"Who does who, and what do they do?" asked Wendy. "I want Taylor this time."
"No, we share," said Gail.
"I can do you, Gail dear," said Christy.
"So you can, Christy, my love," said Gail. "But, Taylor is a man, let's not forget. Not like us, in spite of our new fairness policy."
These girls had been so upfront, so direct, so naked, I thought it might not be inappropriate for me to step up my game. "Look, can I say something?" I asked. "It might be a little bold. No, more like a lot bold. But my cock and balls are out for you all, you've been naked for a couple of days, so maybe we can cut to the chase?"
The girls just looked at me. Finally, Christy spoke: "Say whatever it is that's so bold."
I wasn't so sure I should say what I was going to say. "Maybe I shouldn't say it."
"No, go ahead and say it," said Wendy.
OK, here goes, I thought. "You each do your fronts. Then you all collectively do me."
"No, I don't like that at all," said Gail. "Since we're being so bold, I want a sexy sunscreening. Everywhere." She spread her legs and opened her labia with her fingers. "Here, too, like before."
"I totally understand," I said. This conversation had gone from risque to surreal. "But it will take all morning for me to satisfy all of you. I was just trying speed things up. Maybe I'm being selfish. I'll do my own front."
"No way!" said Christy. "I want your cock in my hands. Sorry, no other way to say it."
"Me, too," said Wendy and Gail, more-or-less in unison.
"An interesting negotiation," I said, "But we're getting burned while we talk, and, look, it's creating a problem." I pointed to my groin, where my cock had gone flaccid.
"Here's what we'll do," said Christy, once again taking charge. "If we all agree, especially Taylor. What he said, but with an added part, to replace our pussy massages."
"Forgot what he said," said Gail. "What exactly, Christy?"
"We do ourselves, we all do Taylor."
"Yeah, I remember," said Wendy. "What's the added part?"
"He fucks us. If you want to, Taylor, only then."
Now I was stunned. "You mean on the trampoline?"
Christy spoke: "No, we still have a day-and-a-half. You take us to your cabin one-by-one, and fuck us until we're limp."
"Once each?" I asked, not sure what else to say.
"Twice each," said Gail.
"Three times for me," said Wendy. "No, just kidding. Twice each."
"Agreed, Taylor?" asked Christy.
I couldn't believe how these girls wanted to argue about every fine point. Then again, maybe that was normal for lawyers and detail-oriented radiologists. Anyway, fucking these dream-girls two times each was OK by me. "Agreed," was all I needed to say. "Under the condition that the three of you bring me off right here right now, as soon as you're sunscreened." I needed relief now, not later.
I lay down on my back, still flaccid. But the sight of Christy, Wendy, and Gail applying sunscreen to their sexy bodies made me hard again.
When they finished, they started in on me. My face, arms, legs, feet, chest. Everywhere but my man parts, which now needed serious attention. Finally, Christy lubed up her hands with sunscreen and grabbed my balls. Almost at the same time, Gail squeezed my cock near the base, and Wendy started working its head.
Then Christy switched with Gail, and she and Wendy started stroking me, alternating their strokes. At some point, all their hands got to work, but I was no longer able to tell whose hands were doing what. Six sexy hands belonging to three naked girls.
I came so violently that I'm sure I rose up off the trampoline. I didn't know I had that much in me, but there was cum on my face and even in my hair. The girls stopped their motion but still held me tight.
"Wow, Taylor, you OK?" asked the ever-considerate Gail.
"Maybe we killed him. Hope not," said Wendy.
"Taylor?" asked Christy.
But I didn't hear her. I must have passed out because the next thing I knew the girls were cleaning me up with a washcloth wet with cold water. I opened my eyes to see three very concerned girls.
"Taylor, are you with us?" asked Christy.
"Yeah," was all I could say. "That was overwhelming, girls. Thanks!"
"He's alive!" shouted Wendy.
"Are you going to be OK?" asked Gail. "Because it's getting late, and you have things to do."
I drew a blank. "What things?" I asked.
"You have to fuck us," said Christy. "Alphabetical order, so me first."
"Reverse alphabetical," said Wendy.
"No, we draw for it," said Gail.
They were arguing again. Three naked girls arguing about who I get to fuck first. This was exactly the vacation I needed!