I knew that I should have left the house sooner but did not count on my neighbor, Tina, stopping by for a "short visit." She just kept talking, no matter how many times I told her that I had to go! Now I am stuck in traffic on the highway and I do not want to miss your train. You have been away on business for months and I cannot be late. I am gripping the wheel frantically, as my fingernails dig into my palms,
"Damn the luck! Damn you, Tina," I curse under my breath.
Finally, traffic is moving again and all I can think of is being in your arms, and all the ways that you will possess me this afternoon, unless I am too late to pick you up. Driving maniacally, I weave in and out of cars, standing on the accelerator, swearing that I am not going to miss you today.
Maneuvering the car into a parking spot, I jump from behind the wheel, not bothering to lock it, and run for the station. Moving with panther stealth, I cut a path through the crowd on the platform while I search for your handsome face. Then I heave a sigh of relief when I see that your train is just pulling into the station.
"Amen and hallelujah," I mutter to myself, while scanning the dark corners of this packed station, hoping that we can find some immediate privacy somewhere nearby. I have waited so long for this visit and at last, I see you step from the train!
Bolting from the spot where I stood, I leap into your arms, wrapping my arms and legs around you. Then I kiss you with a furious passion that I didn't know I had in me. With a knowing smile, you set me back on my feet, put your arm around my waist, and steer me toward the parking lot.
Upon arriving at the car, you spin me around forcefully and pin me against the car door, before I even realize what you have done. Pulling me fully against you, in an embrace that spoke of your deep longing, you crush your lips to mine in a kiss that seems to last forever and yet, not nearly long enough.
Already, I can feel your steel-hard need against my thigh and I am more ready than I have ever been, but you suddenly tear yourself away. It nearly causes me physical pain to break away from you now, but I can tell you have a plan.
In one fluid movement, you pull the car door open and push me down, face-first, over the seat, nudging my legs apart with your knee. With only a word, you issue a soft, stern command.
"Stay."
I want to obey, but my nerves get the better of me and I cannot help trying to steal glances over my shoulder. My mind is racing, "What if someone should pass by close enough to see us, or hear?" Again, I attempt to peek out the windows, but I dare not raise my head high enough to see. You already know how uneasy I'm feeling, but you have waited too long for this and I know that you will not stop now.
I am nervous but keep quiet, as I had already promised to do anything you desire, to obey with complete and unwavering trust.
Then you swiftly pull my dress up over my ass, to find that I have worn nothing beneath it.
"Ohhh myyyy, Lil Bit!"
I can tell that you are completely astounded and extremely impressed.
You cannot believe that I have been brazen enough to arrive in just a flimsy, little sundress and nothing more. My cheeks are flushed with embarrassment that you have discovered my secret.
In my haste to dress quickly, I decided that no one would be the wiser if I just ditched my panties and bra.
Then you turn me slightly, and deftly pull down the zipper at the back of my dress to slide it from my frame.
Slowly, you take your time looking me over, bent over and bare-assed, completely at your will, and entirely at your mercy. I hear you unzip your pants and I squeeze my eyes shut, praying that no one will walk by, as you plunge your thick erection deeply into my smoldering cunt; all the way in until your balls slam into my ass. I gasp, sucking my breath in hard, to stop myself from crying out. You slowly pull back until my tight, soaked, cunt is clinging to just the head of your granite cock   You begin a rhythm, pushing in and pulling out, agonizingly slowly, really meaning to test the very limit of my word. Soft, small whimpers escape and fill the air, telling you of my longing, and my overwhelming pleasure; my craving finally fulfilled. You thrust hard and deep, bringing your hand down sharply against my ass repeatedly.
I am nearly breathless from our mutual lust and, for just a moment, I forget where we are.
"More," I cry out as I let your spanking set me on fire.
Electric heat begins at my ass and burns all the way down to my ultimate desire, crackling deep inside my tightening cunt, until your deep tone cut into my thoughts.
"My girl likes this, doesn't she," You query, taunting me, demanding that I admit my shame aloud.
With that, you fucked me hard, fast, and deep, keeping one hand at my waist to steady me, and the other cracking my ass harder and faster. Your firm length thickens inside me, growing even harder, and I can tell that you are close. However, your voice brings me back to full consciousness, reminding me of our precarious location, and I cling to my embarrassment in silence.
"Admit it," you demand, "You like it when I spank your sexy ass, don't you," You questioned, meaning to enforce your dominion over me, and make me admit that your spanking has made me exquisitely hot.
"Okay! Okay! I admit it," I retorted heatedly, as I pleaded, "Just please don't stop!"
Suddenly, I realize that I am begging you as I have never done with anyone before, but I cannot help myself. I do not even recognize myself at this moment and cannot care right now.
You slam into me, and then give me long, even strokes, all the way in and out; slowly, erotically, torturing me. Then you switch to hard and fast, gaining momentum, and pushing deeper with every stroke. My soaking wet, steaming, cunt clutches your manhood and I can feel my own wetness on my thighs as you pull your cock out of me.
"Huh? Wha? What? No," I grumble, stunned that you are able stop now.
Sliding your still hard cock into me again, you begin a long, slow rhythm, fucking me so deeply, so intensely, and forcing me to lay there and take it; take everything you wish to do to me, everything that you desire, in this too-public parking lot. Small cries escape me but you have no mercy for me now, not while you are forcing me to endure this sweet torture for such a long time.
When neither one of us can stand anymore, you begin to pummel me in a fast frenzy as your full, tight, balls slap my ass. I want to scream my pleasure right out loud, as my pussy explodes in white-hot, blinding release, my cunt is throbbing hard around your thick girth, as your pulsing length spills your seed deep inside of me.
At last, you collapse against my back and hold me tightly. A soft smile touches my lips, even in my exhaustion. I feel utterly satisfied and entirely satiated, yet almost giddy, knowing that you have finally given me what I have been craving for so long, that I have kept my promise faithfully, and that I have more than pleased you too.
After a long moment, I let you pull me up, help to slip my dress back on, smooth it into place, and hug me to you with a long, promising kiss. Then you quickly deposit me into the passenger seat and slide behind the wheel.
For a brief moment, we lock eyes in silent understanding and finally, you pull the car from its parking spot and head for the nearest hotel. Home is just too far away right now, but I know we will get there eventually. I trust you to take me wherever you wish, and I will go there with you willingly.