It was stifling inside the steam room, the dense fog making visibility poor. Sweat was already starting to drip down the nape of my neck, and the small hairs there were curling. The little towel provided wasn't doing much to keep my curves covered.
I found a seat and started to wait. Relaxing, wasn't an option. I was too keyed up.
Daddy had asked me to meet him here, his deep voice taking on a teasing tone I knew well. My handsome Daddy had something planned. I just wasn't sure what.
I heard the door open, the steam pooling out around the figures as they stepped into the room. I could hear the rumble of my Daddy's voice, and it made me tingle in anticipation.
My tall Daddy moved though the steam, commanding his space with a quiet strength. He out-shined the two men next to him. While both were good looking, they didn't have the air of domination that he did. They didn't inspire the raw lust in me, that he did.
"Hello, sweet girl." His pet name for me always makes me blush hotly and grin in pride. Daddy makes me feel precious and cared for with those few words. It also made a burst of need bloom between my thighs.
"Hi Daddy!" I leaned in with excitement. My big breasts pressed against his slightly hairy chest. I gave him a chaste kiss on his mouth and then stood up straight, my eyes flicking about, worrying my bottom lip between my teeth.
He nodded to the two men, and they found seats. The steam obscuring my view of them, but I could feel eyes on me.
"Are you wet for me?"
"Always"
Daddy yanked my towel off. My full breasts bounced out in the open, just as more figures entered the room. They took their seats throughout the fog, watching and waiting.
My nipples pebbled under my Daddy's stare. He circled me slowly, his fingertips brushing against the side of my breast, up and down my arm. He dragged them along my spine, then leaned down and nipped the base of my neck with his teeth.
For my part I tried to stay still. My muscles coiled tight. The heat between my thighs intensifying as he made his way to stand in front of me again.
"Show me"
My body throbbed. The wetness of my core, dribbling down my thigh. I reached forward and pulled open my labia; my clit pink and swollen, juices glistening.
"Good girl." His mouth closed over one nipple as his finger explored my wetness. I groaned, momentarily forgetting we had an audience.
Daddy's large finger covered the entirety of my swollen clit. Pushing against it firmly as his mouth tugged rhythmically on one nipple and then the other. My hands moved up to hold his biceps. I steadied myself on him as he played my body like an instrument.
He moved his mouth against my ear, whispering softly. "They're here to watch you come apart for me princess; watching, being aroused by your thick body. They all wish it was them you'll be riding."
He sucked my lobe into his mouth. Using his teeth and tongue to trace my ear. I moaned for him.
Daddy knows this is one of my fantasies. I've told him how sexy and empowered I feel when I'm watched. He's doing this for me!
Daddy's insistent finger drove me higher. His words makes me wild.
"Daddy I'm so close."
I whimper as his pace increased. One finger sliding into my tight core as his thumb took over manipulating my clit.
"Cum for me sweet girl. Let them see you cum."
And I did. I climaxed on his big hand, right there in front of those strangers. My head thrown back, body arching, as I groaned loud and deep. My face was twisted in pleasure as my pussy clenched and pulsed on his thick finger.
When my body settled and my senses returned, I began to notice the faint sound of skin on skin. I peered through the fog and could see the telltale signs of male masturbation. Daddy and I were indeed putting on a show.
"On your knees princess." Daddy guided me down. One of his large hands grabbed the red ponytail at the back of my head. His other hand gave my much smaller one an encouraging squeeze before falling to his side.
I put one hand on his thigh, balancing myself, and the other hand moved his towel. His large cock jutted out, standing proud and hard before me.
I wrapped my small hand around the base, holding him with a firm grip. I looked up at Daddy. His eyes were warm and full of love as I leaned in and licked the precum off his bulbous head.
I twirled my tongue around the head. I licked each curve and crevice. Daddy's moans spurred me on.
My pink lips opened wide over him, wrapping the first few inches in my warm mouth. I started to work my mouth and hand in tandem. Sucking my Daddy with enthusiasm, letting my drool lubricate his shaft under my grip. Up and down, up and down. I'd completely forgotten about anyone but the man above me, solely focused on his pleasure.
His hips started to buck and his hand in my hair pulled me forward. I knew exactly what he wanted, what my daddy needed. I moved my fist, giving Daddy access deeper into my mouth. His cock began to push deeper, hitting my throat.
I gagged and heaved. I relaxed my throat and stared up adoringly at him. This is where I'm happiest. I love to pleasure and please this man.
His thick cock choked me as he pumped faster and deeper. My fingertips gripped his strong thighs, denting into his skin.
He pulled free suddenly. His cock was shiny and slick with saliva, his balls had strings dripping over them.
"Daddy loves your tears sweet girl" he reached down and wiped the wetness from my face. His fingertips rubbing them into my cheeks.
Daddy sank to the floor his towel beneath him as he laid flat.
"Up you go princess!" Daddy tugged my hand and I straddled him obediently.
I looked around as I lined myself up with his thick member. I was poised above his cock, when I made eye contact with one of the spectators. I blushed hotly as I noticed his hand stroking languidly over his cock.
"Ride me baby-girl. Show them what a good girl you are. Daddy loves you."
I smiled down at my handsome Daddy, and I started to sink down on his length. My warm, wet pussy stretched open over him. Both of us groaned when he was fitted fully inside, buried against my cervix.
I began to rock against him. My labia pulled tight around his cock, tugging my clit as I worked my hips. My big breasts swayed and jiggled. Daddy's big hands spanned over my hips and reached around to grasp my fat bottom. He pulled me harder against him and I let out a small cry.
"I feel so full Daddy." I know he loves when I talk to him. The fact that people were watching and listening only made me hotter.
"Good girl. Ride Daddy's cock baby. Give them a good show." He squeezed my breasts in emphasis.
"Yes sir." I smiled cheekily. I moved myself up and down his shaft. I increased my speed, causing my breasts to bounce and wobble. My ass jiggled as I moved. Before long I was banging my pelvis down against him, impaling myself over and over on his incredible length. His hips thrusted up to meet me. The towel he laid on shifted and slid, caused our bodies to move across the floor slightly.
Moans and heavy panting filled the steam room. My body was dripping with sweat. My cunt made wet squelching noises and squished as I pushed down, a symphony of sexual sounds.
"I'm gonna cum all over your big Daddy dick." My voice gravely. "So close!"
Daddy pulled me to him. My hard nipples pressed tight against his chest as he ravished my mouth. I moaned around his tongue as I came undone. My rhythmic grinding turned into frantic rubbing. My pussy spasmed wildly around his huge cock.
His hands on my hips kept me moving, rocking me on him as I rode out my climax.
"Good girl. My perfect princess! Lean back please, hands behind you."
I sat up and leaned my hands back onto his thighs. I gyrated my hips as daddy looked down between us. "I love my cock inside you."
I looked down and moaned. His cock looked impossibly big inside me. Our bodies fit together so tightly.
His hips thrusted up into me, his rhythm faltering as he got closer. He pushed his big thumb hard onto my overworked clit.
"Once more for me princess. Milk Daddy's cock like a good girl."
My cunt clenched at his words.
"Good girl." He mumbled.
I rolled my hips in circles. I nodded as I got closer. My body always so willing to obey.
"Yes Daddy. I'm you're good girl. I want to cum with you. Please give me your cum Daddy. Please cum deep in my pussy."
I begged him as I climbed higher. I knew any minute I'd be coming for him.
His big right hand came up and pinched my nipple tight, tugging on it.
My pussy convulsed. "Daddy please! I'm ready to cum."
"Cum for me sweet girl." We locked eyes.
Daddy's voice was barley a rumble. His hips bucked up hard and I squealed as I orgasmed.
My pussy latched down around him, holding his cock in place as he began to spurt. His cock flexed and swelled inside me, emptying his heavy balls.
I leaned down and kissed him. Giving him all my love and affection in the kiss. "Thank you Daddy."
I knew he did this for me and it was so very erotic. The men surrounding us had stroked and cum. Some got up and left discretely as I kissed my handsome Daddy again.
Daddy lifted me and shifted my hips up and I knew he had one more treat for me today.
I straddled his face. Letting my pussy press down on his open mouth. His tongue invaded me and he sucked and licked our essence out of me. I returned the favor, licking the cream and cum off his cock and balls.
When my cunt was clean and empty and his lap was likewise, I moved off him. I stood and helped Daddy up.
"Did you enjoy yourself sweet girl?"
"So very much Daddy!"
I grinned up at him. I wrapped my arms around his torso and kissed his chest.
"Come on princess, lets go get showered."
He swatted my big bottom and winked.
I giggled and blushed, looking around one last time at the strangers left in the steam.
My Daddy is the best.