This is another tale in the Summer Camp series (Summer Camp Lessons: The Beginning, Summer Camp Lessons, Summer Camp Chronicles). The following events take place when Kenny returned home from his summer at band camp. The little rascal had no idea what awaited him at home.
It had been quite an eventful summer for young Kenny. He had ventured into a delightful new world known as CFNM, and he loved every minute of it.
He had gotten to show off his great, unique asset to multitudes of girls, and even an older, very sexy woman named Chrissy. He reminisced about those special moments, thinking back to the sparkle in the girls' eyes when they gazed upon his monster member, but now he began to ponder about what lie ahead of him.
As he traveled home by train, he anticipated seeing his step mom for the first time in weeks, but he didn't exactly know how to handle the initial awkwardness. Before he had left home, Lisa had told Kenny that she knew about his endowment, and she seemed very open to talking about it if he wanted to.
Kenny had shied away from talking about it at the time, but this summer had clearly made him a much more outgoing young man. He wondered if he could actually bring it up with Lisa himself, but no, he didn't want to force the issue.
He fantasized about being naked for his hot, young step mother, but he knew patience would have to be a virtue he put into practice here.
He had drifted off to sleep on the long train ride home, and suddenly was awoken when the conductor nudged him to let the boy know the ride was over. He was home.
When he got up, he noticed his penis was semi erect, no doubt the result of his thoughts of Lisa. He did his best to make it go down, but his prodigious organ still bulged out against his shorts.
He braved on though, walking out of the train briskly, and then he stretched for a few seconds upon leaping down onto the platform.
As soon as he walked out of the station, he saw Lisa standing at her car some 30 yards away, leaning up against the front of the vehicle very casually, wearing big sunglasses and reading the newspaper.
"Hi Lisa!" Kenny said as he approached. She looked up.
"Oh hi, kiddo," she said. "Didn't even see you coming. I was just reading a movie review. How was camp?"
She hugged him as he walked up, and Kenny was thrilled to see Lisa was wearing a very nice, white sundress. Her legs were golden tan, and he missed them so much while he was away for the summer.
"Camp was good," he said.
"Stay out of trouble?" she asked. He nodded. He complimented her on her appearance, saying she must have gotten plenty of sun, and she was grateful for the attention he gave her.
Just as she turned to get into the car, Lisa glanced down at Kenny's crotch, ever so casually, and Kenny could have sworn he saw a smile come across her face, like she noticed his now fully erect penis bulging out in his shorts.
He took a deep breath, and got in the car.
Kenny's dad was on a business trip for the week, and Lisa teased Kenny that he would have to be the man of the house in his absence. As she drove the two home, Kenny couldn't help but notice that the tops of Lisa's wonderful tits were on display, and he tried to sneak as many glances as he could at her cleavage.
Her boobs were so big and round, Kenny pondered, and he loved fantasizing about sucking on both of those massive globes.
"Do you remember what we talked about before you left for camp, sweetie?" Lisa asked him.
Kenny's heart began racing. He thought this was it - she was going to ask him about his endowment again. Just when he was about to answer her though, she continued.
"You really have to do a better job of helping out around the house," she told him. He was sort of let down that she wasn't asking him about his penis again.
He went along with her though, nodding and saying he would help out more with chores. He didn't really like the idea, since he only had a couple weeks of summer left, but he knew he had to do his part.
He didn't yet know there would be plenty of play time to go along with the work.
-------------------------------------
Later that night, Kenny was just about to play some basketball with his friends, when lightning shot across the sky.
"I don't want you going anywhere, mister, you'll get struck by lightning. It's too dangerous," Lisa warned him.
He groaned out of frustration, but then it started to downpour, all but assuring he would be spending the night indoors.
"What the fuck, it's raining?" asked Dina as she came running down the steps. Lisa, a bit more liberal than other moms, let her kids get away with casual cursing now and again. She didn't exactly like it, but felt she had to pick her battles with them.
"We really do need the rain though," Lisa said as she looked out the window in the living room. "It's been so damn dry lately. Some of the grass outback is dying for crying out loud."
Lisa then walked over to the sofa and took a seat, casually crossing her legs and now tapping her right leg up and down, very seductively. She didn't expect it to draw Kenny's attention, but she did notice him checking out her legs, and she didn't mind the attention. She had changed into a pair of tight blue shorts earlier, and her nice round butt was shown off just as much as her sexy limbs.
"What can we do?" Dina asked as she sat down on the steps. "Did we get a new movie from Netflix?"
"No," Lisa answered. "You and I already watched the last one they sent..."
Kenny was about to retreat to his room, probably to check out some of the new CFNM videos he had secretly downloaded, but Lisa suddenly came up with a possible idea.
"We could..." she began.
Lisa and Kenny anticipated her idea.
"We could watch this foreign movie my friend at work lent me," Lisa said. "It's French, but there is subtitles."
Lisa and Kenny looked at each other with frowns.
"Why would I want to watch some boring French movie?" Dina asked.
"It's supposed to be really good," Lisa responded, now rising to her feet as she went about trying to find the DVD. "It's about a dirty cop I believe...Blanche told me about the plot a little bit...Supposedly the movie cleaned up at the Cannes Film Festival..."
The kids groaned out of boredom again as Lisa went digging through a pile of bags and other items, trying to locate the movie.
"Where on Earth did I put it - oh, here it is," she said. "You guys want to give it a try?"
Lisa and Kenny looked at each other, and shrugged almost simultaneously, as if to say 'why not?'
"If it sucks we can just turn it off or watch something else," Lisa said as she led the kids into the family room. The kids took a seat on the sofa.
"Now from what I understand it has a lot of full frontal male nudity, so brace yourself," Lisa said casually as she put the DVD in the player.
Dina looked over at Kenny, her pretty face displaying both shock and amusement with Lisa's last statement. Kenny himself was caught off guard.
"There's male nudity?" Dina asked. Lisa answered her daughter, but didn't break focus as she continued to load the DVD into the player.
"That's what Blanche told me," Lisa said. The DVD was just about to begin playing, and Lisa, kneeling in front of the television, turned around one last time.
"I mean if it gets really goofy, we can just turn it off," she said. "But I hear it's supposed to be really good."
Kenny quietly took a deep breath, as he was somewhat aroused and nervous as the movie began to play. It excited him to think of the possibility of Lisa and Dina watching a movie with naked men displayed in it.
Lisa playfully just plopped herself down in between Kenny and Dina on the sofa, as the family cat, Cinnamon, was taking up the chair across the way.
Lisa crossed her legs, and made casual conversation with Dina as the movie began. But the casual conversation didn't last long.
The very first scene of the movie took place in a men's shower, and the camera did not shy away from showing everything each man had to offer.
"Oh jeeeez," Lisa said, laughing in order to break the tension. "Only two minutes into the movie!?"
The supposed "full frontal male nudity" Blanche spoke of was in great abundance, and the opening credits had yet to even finish. Lisa and Dina both marveled, and counted, as five naked penises were right in plain view.
"Oh my Gawd," the daughter said. Kenny squirmed in his seat, not knowing whether to be turned on by this experience or repulsed by it. Dina drew attention to how uncomfortable Kenny was feeling.
"Does male nudity make you squeamish?" she said with a wicked grin. Lisa joined in.
"Don't worry, hon, it's just like being in the locker room at school," the step mom said teasingly. Everyone, including Kenny, laughed a bit, and all three braved on and watched the movie.
Kenny took another deep breath, and this time it was noticed by Dina.
"Are you okay? Are you having a panic attack?" she further teased him. She was merciless.
"Dina, stop teasing your brother and watch the movie," Lisa told her daughter. "Come on, pay attention."
The men, now out of the shower, were completely dressed, their willies fully covered now. The plot began to move forward, complete with a few shootout scenes and high-speed car chases.
Kenny began to think that the male nudity was just a distant memory now, but about an hour into the film though, one of the lead characters decided to get a shower.
And yes, the camera followed him the whole way.
"Uh-oh," Lisa said playfully as the three could anticipate another naked penis. The man slowly got undressed, all the way down to his briefs. After a couple-second delay just to build the suspense, he took down his underwear, unfurling what was a pretty decent-sized penis.
"Wowsers," Dina said in admiration.
"Wowsers is right," Lisa added, crossing her legs again. Kenny was about to explode. For the first hour or so, he fought hard to not get an erection, but it was becoming harder and harder to resist as the women made one comment after another about the blatant male nudity on the television screen.
"Kenny, sweetie, why don't you go make some popcorn for us," the step mom suggested. She figured by the time he got back, the nude scene would be over, but Dina intervened.
"Pause it for him. I wouldn't want him to miss anything," she said with a laugh. Lisa played along, and they paused the DVD as Kenny threw some popcorn into the microwave.
He tried to stretch out and take a few deep breaths as he stood in the kitchen, now able to get some of the tension out of his body. The young man had always had a thing for CFNM, and the little experience he was having on this night had a definite CFNM theme to it.
As uncomfortable as it was at times to watch a movie with naked men, with your stepsister and step mom in the room, he actually began to like it. And it was just getting started.
Kenny walked back into the family room, and sat back down next to Lisa, while offering the two a snack.
"Oh, good popcorn," Lisa said as she enjoyed a handful.
"Kenny, look, we paused it for you," Dina said to her stepbrother. Kenny looked at the screen, and was surprised to see the same guy as before standing completely nude, his large penis hanging down in front of him as he approached the shower.
"What a heck of a place to pause it," Lisa said with a laugh. The movie then progressed as normal, and the camerawork only got more seductive.
As the man showered, there was at one point a close-up of his big penis, as the shower water cascaded off of it like rain running off some mighty structure.
"That guy has a really big dick," Dina couldn't help but say. Kenny was used to hearing his stepsister use such language, but in this atmosphere, it seemed to have an even greater affect on him.
"I'm not gonna argue with you there," Lisa said to her daughter's assessment of the guy's big package. "That is a big one."
Kenny, against his wishes, was getting a huge erection. He quickly, and very niftily, grabbed one of the pillows on top of the couch, and put it down over his crotch. He was safe, for the moment.
The shower now showed the man from behind, displaying a nice, muscular butt.
"Now see I don't understand how...if this guy is setting up the other cop, why is he giving him all the information?" Lisa asked Dina as the two discussed the plot. It turned Kenny on even more when the two women talked about the actual story, as it made the nudity seem acceptable, and just part of the ride.
Just then, in the movie, the phone rang, and the man in the shower ran briskly from the bathroom, and into his bedroom.
Without a towel.
This way, which the camera showed, there was nothing to constrain his big penis as he ran about.
"God look at that thing just flop around," Lisa had to say.
"Mom!" Dina yelled laughingly, although she herself was thinking the same thing. Kenny began to squirm in his seat again.
The young man could barely pay attention to the rest of the film as he was now enjoying a moment of CFNM bliss. He couldn't wait to go jerk himself off while thinking of Lisa and Dina talking about big naked penises.
The final scene in the epic two-and-a-half-hour-long picture was a huge shootout, one in which just about everybody was killed. Funny thing was, Kenny didn't exactly want the movie to end. But the final credits began to roll, and Lisa took one last hand-full of popcorn.
"Well that was good," she said of the film. "Different, but good."
Dina tugged at one of the straps of her tank top, just for something to do. Her big boobs bounced around as she changed positions in her seat.
"What happened to the guy with the big dick?" she casually asked. Lisa laughed.
"He was killed in the middle of the movie! Weren't you paying attention?" she answered her daughter. Dina just shrugged.
The final credits were still rolling as the three further discussed the picture.
"You know what was funny? I don't remember seeing a single naked woman in the film, yet the male nudity was like, insane," Dina said. Lisa nodded.
"Well the director was a female," she commented. "That might explain it," she added with a giggle.
Kenny's penis was throbbing in his pants, his huge 11-and-a-half-inch tool begging to be stroked and fondled to release.
"What did you think of the movie, Kenny?" Lisa asked her stepson. He struggled to answer. He kind of had other things on his mind right now.
"It was good," he said. "Could have done without all the naked dudes, but, it was okay."
Lisa gave him a sweet smile. She then went about trying to clean up, and get off to bed. She urged Kenny up from the sofa, against his wishes at first, but he tried to cover his huge erection with the pillow.
"Ugh, I don't want to go back to work tomorrow," Lisa said as she brushed some popcorn off the sofa. "You kids make such a mess, I swear."
Kenny thought he was in the clear, but just then, Lisa unexpectedly grabbed the pillow from him to put it back on the sofa, and Kenny's huge boner tented his jeans way out in front of him.
Lisa went to throw the pillow back to its normal spot, but out of the corner of her eye she saw Kenny's obscene bugle, then blatantly glanced down at it, her head tilting to one side in disbelief.
"Holy fuck!" Dina yelled as she saw Kenny's outrageous boner. He felt trying to cover it up at this point would be useless. He instead just shuffled around in his shoes.
"My God, Kenneth, I guess you REALLY liked the movie," Lisa said, her eyes still glued to Kenny's crotch.
"Is that your version of giving the film two thumbs up?" Dina kidded her stepbrother.
The mother and daughter looked at each other, and then burst out laughing.
"It's not funny," the boy said, even laughing at himself as he said it. The women kept staring at his crotch, and although he enjoyed the feeling, he turned around, hiding his privates from the two women, and then he grabbed his huge meat stick and adjusted it so it would not stick out in his jeans. He actually let the shaft stick up and out of his pants, and then had his shirt hang down over the massive stalk to cover it up.
He turned back around, letting the women see him once again. This time, his huge erection was somewhat covered up.
"Well that's better," Lisa said, a few tears rolling from her eyes because she was laughing so hard.
"I liked it the other way," Dina commented. Kenny just stood there, his heart racing, his erection throbbing and begging for attention. Sure, it wasn't on display anymore, but it was nonetheless still torturing him.
"Kenny has a big dork," Dina said plainly. Lisa playfully tapped her daughter on the arm, with a giggle.
"Dina, don't talk about your stepbrother's dork," the mom said jokingly. All three of them shared a laugh again.
There was then an awkward pause, as if all three were waiting for one of them to say something. Kenny would have loved to just drop his pants right there and masturbate in front of the two sexy women, and Lisa and Dina - although they wouldn't say it - would have loved to watch.
But for now, Lisa suggested otherwise.
"Kenny...go to your room," she said with a laugh. She didn't know what else to tell him at the moment.
The boy did as told, but looked forward to the next couple weeks. Did Lisa actually plan out for the three of them to watch that movie, so that male nudity would be the topic of conversation, and possibly bring up the subject of Kenny's massive endowment?
Whether it was her plan or not, that's the direction in which things were going. Dina knew Kenny an enormous penis, Lisa knew Kenny had an enormous penis. Kenny knew they knew he had a big one. They even talked about it in the open sometimes, so why not show it off for them?
Kenny walked over to the mirror in his room, and then yanked down his pants and underwear, freeing his huge prick and watching it bounce up and down.
He pretended Lisa and Dina were standing right there in front of him, commenting on his massive rod and telling him to stroke it.
He gave into their demands, he envisioned, and stroked his monstrous tool up and down, dreaming about his step mom and stepsister's big breasts and gorgeous thighs.
Still standing in front of the mirror, Kenny watched blissfully as a huge blast of come erupted from his cock, shooting up into the air and drenching the carpet beneath him.
He stroked his massive pole for another 10 seconds or so, watching as one load after another came forth from his big dick. When he was done, he playfully wagged his hips from side to side, watching his huge penis frolic back and forth, with come dripping from the massive head.
Ah, the next two weeks would be something.
-------------------------------------
The next day, Kenny decided to sleep a little late, still tired from all that took place at camp that summer.
His step mom and stepsis were up early though, and grew impatient waiting for Kenny to awaken. He heard them chatting about something outside his door as he came to.
Suddenly, there was a light knock on his bedroom door, and Kenny asked what was up.
"Kenny, it's 1:30. Dina and I are going to the beach if you want to join us," Lisa said through the door. "We're kind of sick of waiting around, so...if you want to go with us put a move on it."
Kenny thought out loud for a moment.
"I don't have a bathing suit," he mumbled to himself. Slowly, the door opened, and Lisa walked through.
"What? You don't have a bathing suit?" she asked.
He hesitated to tell her why.
"I...forgot to bring it home with me from camp," he said. "There was one drawer of stuff I forgot to bring home..."
Lisa rolled her eyes in disgust.
"How many times have I told you to make sure you don't forget anything?" she asked him, lecturing the young man.
"I know, I know," he said, rubbing his eyes as he adjusted to the afternoon light.
"My God, Kenneth, I think you would forget your head if it wasn't - "
"attached to my body, I know," he said, finishing her sentence. Lisa didn't like having her sentences finished, and Kenny sensed her irritation right away.
"I'm sorry, Lisa, really," he said sincerely. "I'll try not to lose things anymore. I promise."
His step mom sighed, and decided to move on. She walked about his room, having to step over piles of dirty laundry.
"And for Pete's sake, clean your room," she told him. "It's a disaster area in here."
Now that he was wide awake, Kenny began taking a gander at Lisa's sexy body. His step mom was already dressed in her swimsuit, a nice baby blue one-piece that showed off her ample rack and amazing legs. Kenny tried to not be overly obvious as he checked her out.
"Well...you can use one of your father's suits," Lisa said. "You two are about the same size."
Kenny waited as Lisa went into the other room to fetch the suit. He now sat up in his bed, still reminiscing about all the fun he had with Chrissy over the summer, and looked forward to all that might happen with Lisa and Dina.
"Here ya' go," Lisa said, tossing a bathing suit onto Kenny's bed as she re-entered. "Try that one on."
Kenny eyed the suit, but then hesitated.
"What's the problem?" she asked.
He looked down at his lap, hesitant to pull the covers off.
"I sort of...sleep in the nude," he told her.
Lisa wasn't put off or angry, just surprised.
"Oh...," she said. "Well...I'll turn around, and you try on the bathing suit. Come on, we really have to get going soon."
Kenny did as told, and jumped from the bed. He stood there completely nude, with Lisa's back turned. His huge penis dangled right out in the open, and he imagined Lisa turning around to see it.
But he went about putting on the suit, and found it to be accommodating enough to wear for the afternoon.
"All set?" Lisa said, turning around eagerly.
He nodded, and she now gave the bathing suit a good, long look as Kenny stood there wearing it.
"Okay, as long as you're comfortable in it," she said. "Because I don't know if you remember what we chatted about before you left for camp but...I always want to make sure you have plenty of room down there."
She then chuckled quite audibly, filling the room with her genuine, rich laughter. Kenny couldn't believe it - she had finally brought up his penis again.
"No, it's...it's fine," he said, now excited beyond belief.
"You're sure?" she asked, finding a reason to eye his crotch area.
He nodded affirmatively, and now began to feel his penis twitch, and awaken.
"Alrighty then, well let's get going," she said. Kenny followed her out of the room, and Lisa called to Dina that they were ready to leave.
Lisa had a bunch of stuff on the passenger side of her front seat, so both Kenny and Dina sat in the back on the way over to the beach.
"I feel like I'm your cheuffer for the day," the mom joked. Dina and Kenny both playfully shoved each other around in the back seat, until of course Lisa told them to knock it off.
Dina then sat there quietly, with her legs crossed, looking very prim and proper. From his vantage point, Kenny had a wonderful view of Dina's perfectly tan thighs, so mouth watering and desirable. He imagined just shoving his face in between them. His horniness always had him imagining such dirty things.
Dina's suit barely concealed her big breasts, as she every now and then tugged at the top of her suit to re-adjust it. She definitely took after her mom as far as having big, luscious tits, and Kenny silently prayed that Dina's dark blue one-piece suit would somehow fall down, and her lovely melons would be fully exposed.
"That was some movie last night, huh?" Lisa asked from the front seat.
Dina laughed, and then answered her mom.
"I just couldn't get over all the male nudity," the daughter said. "I never saw anything like that."
Lisa expressed her surprise as well, and Kenny just listened to the two have a nice chat.
"Blanche lent me another movie from the same director, so we could check that out as well," Lisa told her daughter. "Kenny, you're welcome to join us too if you want."
He saw Lisa looking at him in the rearview mirror, with an amused smirk on her face. She was having some fun with him.
"No, that's okay," he said. "I don't need to see any more penises any time soon."
Both Lisa and Dina erupted into laughter, and they were having a wonderful time teasing young Kenny.
"Oh come on, it wasn't that bad. There was plenty of action in the movie," Lisa said as she pulled into the main parking lot alongside the shore.
"Yeah, for every action scene you saw like three or four penises," Dina added with a laugh. Lisa now turned around to face the two after she had parked.
"I was surprised myself," she said. "Blanche told me the movie had some, but that caught me off guard as well."
Kenny was starting to get that funny feeling in his penis again as the two women openly discussed the nude male form.
"I hope the water's not too cold," Dina said as she looked ahead to the beach.
"It could be a little chilly - it did rain a lot the last couple days," Lisa said as she opened her car door and headed out.
The three walked briskly to an open spot on the beach. It was really a quiet day, with hardly anyone around. After putting a towel down and setting up an umbrella, the three suddenly realized why the beach was so deserted - the water was freezing!
Dina and Lisa merely walked along the water, feeling how cold it was, but Kenny was a bit more brash, and headed into the onrushing waves, now wading in water that was about knee-deep.
"You're gonna freeze your balls off," Dina warned him.
Kenny soon got used to the water, and started splashing the two women and urging them to come in. Dina gave in, but Lisa still stayed up on the beach.
The two stepsiblings began tossing around a football that somebody had left on the beach, and because of Dina's inaccuracy, sometimes Kenny would have to dive to catch her passes, and all of this diving into onrushing waves was making his suit droop a bit. When he would stand back up, it looked like the slightest force might cause his swim trunks to fall all the way down.
Kenny liked this sensation, and he indeed imagined his suit being ripped off him so he would be fully exposed to Dina and Lisa.
The sight of Dina's bouncing boobs also caused his penis to begin to rise, and the appearance of Kenny's bulging crotch, and his dangling trunks, did not go wasted on the two women.
Every now and then he would see Lisa and Dina look down at his suit, smile, and then whisper something to each other. This was an ongoing event that was making Kenny more aroused by the moment.
After some time, when the two women started getting a little tired of the sun, they decided to head home. All three trudged up to their towel, and Kenny stood there while Lisa and her daughter started packing things up. Kenny's suit was still dangling quite a bit, hanging just below his hips. He refused to pull it up.
Dina, at one point, blatantly stared down at the suit, with a smile on her face. Lisa then began chatting with Kenny, which indirectly served as the ultimate distraction, and without him realizing it, Dina snuck behind Kenny and yanked down his trunks.
Kenny could feel his semi erect penis flop into the open air, and now suddenly freed, it smacked boisterously against his tummy and then bobbed up and down in front of him.
Lisa yelled out in amused shock, covering her mouth as she had a bird's eye view of the sudden exposure. Before Kenny could even react, Dina came back around and got a quick glimpse of his massive wiener.
He loved it. But he didn't want them to know. He instinctively pulled the trunks back up.
"What the hell, man?" he asked, pretending to be angry with his stepsister. Lisa's face had turned beet red, sort of embarrassed she had seen her step son in all his exposed glory, but then her sense of humor got the best of her, and she joined her daughter in a long session of unbridled laughter.
"I didn't know they would come all the way down like that," Dina said in between giggles, trying to act all innocent. "I was just playing around."
"It's not funny," Kenny said, playing along.
"Kenny...my word," was all Lisa could say, obviously referring to his size. She too, could not stop laughing. So caught up in the fun, the mother gave little thought to reprimanding her daughter for doing such a thing to Kenny. And because even he started to crack a smile about the whole thing, it only made it that much more acceptable.
"Thanks a lot, Dina," he said, again pretending to be miffed.
"Dina, that was a very (laugh), a very bad thing you just did. Apologize to your stepbrother," Lisa said, almost half jokingly. Dina didn't bother to apologize, she only kept on laughing.
There was so much cheer and commotion that the three suddenly realized they weren't alone. They all turned at the same time to see a mother and young daughter walking up, and by the looks on their faces, they too had witnessed the event.
Lisa asked if they saw the shenanigans that had just taken place, and both the mother and daughter looked at each other, and then nodded with smiles. Kenny ducked his head, sort of embarrassed.
"You have nothing to be ashamed of young man," the mother said teasingly to Kenny, her eyes meeting his. He could feel himself blushing.
The daughter, a precocious one it seemed, spoke right up.
"He has a BIG one," she said to her mom. And now there were four females having a good old time at Kenny's expense, but he sure didn't mind.
--------------------------------
Lisa, Dina and Kenny returned home that night good and tan, and surprised to see Craig home early. Kenny's father got to return a little bit sooner from his trip than expected, and over dinner, he shared many stories about his voyage overseas.
By dessert, however, Lisa and Dina had let on that they too had a story to share. Both were all smiles when telling Craig about their excitement at the beach that day, and because of their persistent giggles, the father knew something was up.
Kenny started to get a little embarrassed, and he could sense that the two women were going to tell his father everything.
Lisa was open about the whole thing, like she was simply telling a funny story, and recanted how Dina had jokingly yanked down Kenny's trunks.
When Craig asked to what extent, Lisa smiled, and simply replied "he was out."
The father too found it humorous, but glanced over at Kenny, almost sympathizing with him as he hoped the boy did not feel like the bud of a joke. When Kenny glanced over with a grin that suggested he was cool about the whole thing, the story continued.
Lisa carefully poked around how both she and Dina had gotten a quick glimpse of Kenny's not-so-private parts, but as delicate as Lisa was about the whole thing, Dina was that much more candid.
"We both saw his schlong," she said out loud with glee. Even the father had to laugh, and Lisa and Dina were oh so quick to indulge him with more of the tale.
"It just flopped right out," Dina went on.
"What did?" her step father asked with an amused grin.
"His dick!" she said blatantly. "And then it was like, bouncing up and down like a fucking teeter totter."
At this point, no one could even catch a breath they were laughing so hard, even Kenny. He also started to get pretty excited with the fact that his endowment was now common knowledge amongst the entire family.
"How long was he...out in the open?" the father said, finally composing himself enough to speak.
"Oh, I'd say it was a good three or four seconds - long enough for his secret to be let out of the bag," Lisa said teasingly, looking over at her stepson. "Oh he tried to cover up, but he wasn't quick enough on the draw."
Kenny playfully hung his head, seemingly shy about the whole thing but savoring the moment.
"It may have been a secret to you two, but not to me," the dad said. "Kenny and I used to shower together at the Y every now and then and I knew my boy was packing."
Craig spoke of Kenny in high regard, like a proud father. The two women were impressed as well.
"I think he wanted us to see it," Dina said, rolling her eyes at Kenny in a seductive fashion. "The way that flimsy suit of his was just hanging off him, it was only a matter of time before certain things were exposed."
"And you saw to that, didn't you?" Kenny fired back at his stepsis. She could only smile.
"Dina, sweetie, I don't think Kenny had any intention of having his swim trunks fall down," the mom said. She took a drink of her iced tea.
"It's not fair," Kenny said. "Dina saw me naked but I didn't get to see her."
His displeasure only added to his stepsister's delight.
"Aw, poor Kenny," she said, pinching his cheek.
"Dina, that's enough. You won the battle, no need to run up the score," the mom said as she cleared the table.
The conversation dying down, Craig went off to attend to some things from work.
"Dina, honey, hand these to your stepbrother - he's washing the dishes tonight," Lisa said, as she urged the kids to do their chores for the night.
Dina cracked a smile as she handed a stack of plates to Kenny.
"Here ya' go donkey boy," she said, further teasing Kenny about his endowment. Lisa heard the comment from across the room, and after letting out a good chuckle, she walked in closer to the two, and seemingly waited for Kenny to respond to Dina's name calling.
"So I have a big dick, what's the big deal?" he asked.
Dina and Lisa both cracked up, and both were comforting towards Kenneth.
"Sweetie, you're amongst friends," Lisa said. "We're just having some fun with you."
--------------------------------
Every morning now, Kenny awoke with great anticipation. He would jump out of bed, looking forward to having some more adventures with Lisa and Dina.
This particular day, he got up, walked to his bedroom door, naked of course, and thought about walking down to the bathroom without putting on any clothes.
'Should I do it?' he pondered. He thought it would be a hoot, especially if Dina or Lisa spots him. He thought, 'why not?'
He opened the door, and began striding down to the bathroom, his big penis swinging with every step.
'This is so fucking cool,' he thought to himself. He had hoped Lisa might walk around the corner at that time, but he heard her in the kitchen, playing music.
Just as he got into the bathroom, he heard Lisa call to him.
"Kenneth, is that you?" he heard her shout down the hallway.
'Damn,' Kenny thought to himself, 'if I had waited just two more seconds she might have seen me in the buff.'
He wanted to be naked before her, but didn't want it to be overly obvious, so as much as he wanted to walk right back into the hallway naked, he stayed in the bathroom and answered Lisa from there.
Thing was, she couldn't hear him clearly, and Kenny could hear her walking down the hallway towards the bathroom. He figured she would talk to him from the other side of the door, but she quickly knocked, and then started to come in!
"Kenny, you in here?" she asked as she cracked open the door.
"Yeah, um, Lisa," he stammered, standing against the wall, the rack of towels too far for his reach. He had no choice but to cup his genitals with his hands.
Lisa stuck her head even further in the door now, and she glanced around to see Kenny standing against the wall.
"Lisa, I'm naked," he said shyly. Funny thing how Kenny fantasized about being nude in front of his hot step mom, but reality and fantasy are two far different things. Now that the opportunity was there, Kenny was a bit bashful.
"Oh my," Lisa said with a laugh, seeing that he was trying cover himself. She moved back out of the bathroom. "Sorry, kiddo, I just wanted to see if you would help me with a few things."
Kenny still stood there naked, but now removed his hands from his crotch since Lisa could not see him.
"I can help you out," Kenny said. "I just want to grab a shower."
Lisa was a bit impatient.
"Sweetie, just put a towel around yourself, it will only take a sec," she said.
Kenny was sort of hesitant to do so, but wrapped himself in a towel and headed out of the bathroom. He followed Lisa to the kitchen, seeing she was already in her bathing suit and ready to take a dip.
She was wearing a black one-piece, and Kenny watched as her big delicious ass bounced around in her suit as she walked in front of him. He would have loved to just drop to his knees and plant one kiss after another on her gorgeous posterior. He could even see the outline of each big cheek, so hot, so yummy...
"Now here, kiddo," Lisa said as they entered the kitchen. "This big box - I just need to get it off the washer and near the closet. Your father will take it from there when he gets home. I would have asked Dina to help me with this but she already went to the mall and God knows where else..."
It was some sort of big box containing a bunch of equipment from his father's tool shed - that was all Kenny knew about the item they were trying to move. It didn't really matter. Kenny just loved seeing his step mom in her bathing suit.
"Since the washer is finally fixed, I want to get this out of here so I can do some laundry later," she said. She motioned Kenny over, and on the count of three, they began moving the heavy box over towards the closet.
Kenny's penis was not cooperating, though, and because of him being aroused by seeing Lisa in her bathing suit, he began to grow. And as they twisted and contorted their bodies a bit to maneuver the box towards the closet, Kenny's towel dropped off him.
"Oh, shit, my towel fell," Kenny said as they carried the box.
Lisa laughed.
"Don't worry, sweetie, I can't see you," she said, as the box prohibited Lisa from gazine at Kenny's lower half. As much as Kenny wanted her to see, his shyness still overcame him.
"What about when we put the box down?" he asked. "I'm gonna be frickin' naked."
Lisa just shrugged as they were almost at the closet.
"We'll cross that bridge when it comes," she said with a laugh. Lisa was the first to get to the closet, as she was in front of the box, and she motioned Kenny to let it down.
He was hesitant.
"Sweetie, I promise I won't look," she urged him. "Now just ease the box down - I don't want you breaking anything in there...or hurting yourself."
She had already let her half of the box down, and now she stood there, watching him. It was though she was there to make sure he put the box down properly, but as he did so, his privates were exposed.
Lisa said she wouldn't look, but how could she not? As Kenny let the box down, he could feel his privates fully exposed in the open air.
"There ya' go, hon," Lisa said, as their task was complete. She reluctantly turned completely away from him.
"Now go get your shower," she said with a laugh. "I'm not looking."
Before Kenny could retreat, he stuck his head back around the corner, to say something to Lisa.
"You looked didn't you, when I was putting the box down," he said. She turned to face him. Her face lit up in a smile.
"There were some things in my line of vision," she said innocently. "Sweetie, I only saw you for maybe a split second, if even."
He blushed.
"I think it was looking at me just as much as I was looking at it," she said jokingly. She always loved to give penises sort of their own individual personality. "It looked very happy," she added.
Kenny could feel himself blushing again. His step mom made his nudity seem perfectly acceptable, and natural.
Only she was about to take it a couple steps further.
Kenny walked back into the bathroom, and began running the water.
Suddenly, he heard a few knocks on the door, and this time, instead of just putting her head through the doorway, Lisa walked right in.
"Mom!" as he sometimes called her, "I'm naked!"
He again cupped his genitals with his hands.
"I'm sorry, buddy," she said with a warm, rich laugh. "I figured you were in the shower already."
He just stood there, frozen. He could just walk into the shower, but then his butt would be exposed to her. Kenny knew there was just a little bit of that awkward shyness left in him, prohibiting him from living out his fantasy of being naked before his gorgeous step mom, and that shyness was about to be extinguished for good.
He stood before her, still cupping his genitals. She stood there with a big-ass smile on her face, her pearly whites glistening in the light. She looked down at Kenny's hands, covering his crotch, and she giggled. His penis was so big, he struggled to conceal it.
"Looks like you could use another hand," she said, teasing him.
This only added to his embarrassment.
"Kenny?!" she went on. "You can barely cover the thing!"
She was right, as Kenny's extra long tube steak was a hand full, and then some.
"I have a lot of ground to cover," he said in response.
"You certainly do," she said back to him, still eyeing his covered privates. Every now and then, she could make out some of the shaft, as he was unable to keep it entirely covered up.
Lisa laughed again, and now leaned in closer to Kenny.
"Sweetie, take your hands away, let me see it," she said to him soothingly.
"No!" he said, still fighting off his last remnants of bashfulness.
"Come on, we're family," she said, urging him, and now gently rubbing his arm.
"I don't see you in any rush to get out of your bathing suit and show me your goodies," he argued, only making her laugh even more.
"Come on, sweetie, I want to see you," she went on. "The curiosity is killing me."
He was still hesitant.
"But you've already seen it," he said. "You said you saw me in the tub once...then there was yesterday at the beach...even just now..."
"Oh," she said, waving her hand. "Those were all just split-second instances."
After a minute or so of nothing getting accomplished, Lisa groaned out of disgust, and now put the seat and lid down on the toilet, and sat down. She made it clear she wasn't leaving until she got her way. She crossed one leg over the other, her big tan thighs on display.
'She's killing me!' Kenny thought to himself.
"I'm waiting, Kenneth," she said sternly, gently tapping her left foot in the air. He walked over towards her, and took a deep breath. He knew this was it.
"Just don't freakin' laugh, okay?" he said. "God, all you and Dina do is laugh at it."
He was right, but their laughter and amusement with his oversized organ also excited him.
"Sweetie, I will not laugh, I promise," she said.
Kenny then went to remove his hands, but it felt like they were locked by some invisible force. He fought through it, and removed his hands, freeing his enormous penis and letting it dangle down between his legs, right in front of his step mom.
She gasped, and covered her mouth in shock.
"Holy shhhit," Lisa said in a long, drawn-out fashion emblematic of her surprise.
"Yeah, it's huge," he replied. She looked up at him for a split second, but then went right back to staring at his monstrosity of an organ.
Going back on her word, she couldn't help but laugh, pretty loudly, at one point bending over in belly-aching giggles.
"It's not funny," Kenny said, although even he had to laugh at himself, and his ridiculously oversized tool.
"Sweetie?! How did it get like that?" she asked.
"I don't know," he answered, now rolling his hips and making his soft, dangly penis flop around a bit. "I was always big."
Now feeling more brave, he folded his hands behind his back, allowing for Lisa to have a completely unobstructed view of his enormous wiener.
"I've never seen one that big before...and I used to be a nurse!" Lisa said. "Believe me, I used to see a lot of nude male patients, of all different shapes and sizes, but nothing like this..."
He kept rolling his hips, enjoying how Lisa's piercing blue eyes followed his frolicking member.
"You're not even hard and it's huge," she said.
"Nope," he answered proudly.
She took a deep breath, now getting aroused at the sight of her naked stepson, her very large naked stepson, and again she crossed her legs, in no rush to get up and leave.
"My goodness, sweetie, it hangs halfway to your knees!" she said, still somewhat in shock.
He stopped rolling his hips, and now just stood before her, somewhat jutting out his abdomen ever so slightly to fully accentuate his dangling organ.
"Now I know why you don't wear any of the underwear I got you," she said, amused.
"Yeah, those tighty whities sort of don't fit me," he told her, again making his penis swing from side to side for her.
"I imagine they don't," she said, now laughing again.
He now swung his penis around more feverishly, swinging it harshly from side to side. Lisa covered her face with her hands.
"Kenny, stop," she said, laughing, "you're making me dizzy!"
He reluctantly stopped swinging his big penis, and waited for her to say something else. She removed her hands from her face, and went right back to looking at his cock.
"Jesus, Mary and Joseph," Lisa mumbled, shaking her head in awe. "I had an inkling you were big...but my God...that is a whopper..."
Kenny now leaned up against the wall, and his penis hung down lewdly against his thigh. It was obnoxiously huge, and it wasn't even erect.
"You don't think there's anything wrong with it, do you?" he asked her, pretending to be seeking her advice as a former nurse. He knew it would only make her study it even closer.
"I don't see anything wrong with it," she said, as he moved closer. "It's not giving you any problems, is it? Aside from the obvious task of fitting the damn thing in your pants?"
He let out a snicker.
"No, it's fine," he said. "It's just, I've never seen one as big as mine - locker rooms, showers...wherever..."
She nodded. And she gave him that warm smile again.
"God gives us all different gifts, sweetie," she said. He smiled back at her, savoring the moment.
"Well," Lisa exclaimed, slapping her big, sexy thighs and getting up from her seat, "I am going for a swim. Why don't you get your shower and then join me?"
He nodded, and he still stood there as she began to open the door.
"Now there are fresh towels there on the sink," she said, taking one last glance down at his penis. "If you need anything, I'll be out on the dick."
Kenny thought he heard her wrong, but he heard her just right.
"I mean the deck," she said, clarifying herself. "What did I say, dick?"
Kenny was caught off guard, and before he could answer, Lisa broke into a fit of chuckles, laughing at her own verbal snafu.
"Talk about your classic Freudian slip," she said as she glanced down at his penis. Kenny just loved this, and he could feel himself starting to get an erection.
"Let me say that again," she said, grabbing his arm and letting out a chuckle. "I will be out on the deck - d-e-c-k - deck," she said, spelling it out, "just call if you need me."
She finally began to leave the bathroom, and Kenny said "bye" to her.
"Bye, Kenny," she said with a giggle.
---------------------------
Kenny soaped up in the shower, savoring the warm water splashing down on him. He couldn't wait to see Lisa again.
He swung his penis around in the shower, enjoying how the water splashed off of it. He got into his bathing suit as fast as he could, bunching up his huge hose so that it would create a nice, big bulge. It almost looked kind of vulgar, but he was feeling more brazen at this point.
As he went out to the deck, he saw Lisa sunning herself, sitting out on one of the beach chairs and sipping an iced tea.
"Well there's the man of the hour," she said, grinning from ear to ear. Her pretty face looked even better in the sunlight.
"Hi, Lisa," he said, taking a seat next to her on one of the lawn chairs.
Her long limbs looked so great as they were outstretched on the orange beach chair, and they glowed in the afternoon sun. But then Lisa brought her legs up against herself, cradling her knees against her tummy. This made her thighs appear even more substantial, and Kenny couldn't help but stare.
"You have great legs, Lisa," he just had to say. The comment surprised her.
"Well thank you, sweetie," she said. "That just made my day."
It was great. She wasn't at all offended by his attention, but rather flattered by it.
"It's nice when a strapping young lad like you gives a woman my age a compliment," she said, pinching his cheek.
"A woman your age? You're not old," he said. She sipped her iced tea.
"Sweetie, I'm 43," she said. "Can you imagine? Forty three?"
He shrugged it off.
"You look like you're 28," he said, just lavishing her with praise, and she gobbled it right up.
"Well you're just being so sweet today, aren't you?" she asked playfully. He smiled, and sat back in his chair.
"But all kidding aside, darling, the years just fly right on by," she said, sipping her drink again. "Enjoy your youth. Have all the fun you can."
Just then, her playful little dog, Cinnamon, came trotting up to the patio, and started licking Lisa's fingers. She pet the docile creature as she continued to chat with her stepson.
"You know, your father is going to be so upset with Ms. Johnson," Lisa said, pointing over towards the fence. "She planted that whole row of trees - and believe me it doesn't bother me, but the branches stick way out over the fence, and I KNOW that is really going to irritate your father."
Kenny just nodded, so lost in the moment. Lisa had just seen him naked moments earlier, and now he was just in Heaven checking out her legs. She even rubbed the underside of her thighs now and again, seemingly teasing him. And her large breasts also bounced a bit when she moved to and fro.
Just as Kenny was drifting off in a euphoric bliss, Lisa began a new, more stimulating conversation, and this wasn't about the neighbor's trees.
"You know, Kenneth," she began with a laugh, "I can still not get over..."
He had an idea where she was going with this.
"You are really hung like a horse," she said openly.
'Oh my God, why must she torture me like this?' Kenny thought to himself. When he was standing before her naked, his arousal was mixed with some shyness, so he stayed nice and relaxed, but that was all over now. He started to get a very fierce erection the more candidly his step mom spoke about his anatomy.
"Thank you for the compliment," he said to her. She smiled, and took the last sip of her iced tea.
"I'll be right back, babe," she said, getting up from her chair. "I'm just gonna get some more iced tea."
As Lisa had a habit of doing, her "iced teas" were usually "Long Island Iced Teas," and Kenny didn't mind her having an afternoon cocktail, especially if it allowed her to be so open with him.
She returned, another drink in hand, and sat back down on the chair.
"Umm, that is so good," she said, taking another enjoyable sip, the ice cubes in her glass clanging together. She wasted no time getting back to the conversation of a minute ago.
"I hope nothing's gonna change between us now that I've seen you naked," she teased him.
"Oh no, I'm cool with it," Kenny said, not at all put off that his private parts were not so private anymore.
"Well that's good, sweetie," she said.
She now cradled her legs up against her tummy again, much to Kenny's enjoyment.
"You know the Fishers got a new pool," she said.
"Oh really?" Kenny replied, adjusting his bathing suit a bit so it would not create such an obscene bulge.
"Yeah, I'm sure you can use it if you want - just ask the mom when she's home," Lisa said. "Ours is nice, but my God, theirs is huge - looks like they even have a hot tub and everything."
Kenny glanced over at their yard up the hill, and he could very well see the backside of the hot tub, and their long, spacious pool.
"Must be nice to be rich," Lisa said.
She let her one hand dangle over the arm of her chair, and Cinnamon jumped up and playfully bit it.
"Cinnamon! I am going to smack you," she said, throwing a ball so the dog would go fetch it and leave her alone for the time being.
Thinking that Lisa wasn't paying attention, Kenny tried to adjust his erection in his pants, but his step mom looked right over when he did it.
"You okay, sweetie?" she asked with a laugh.
"Yeah, I'm fine," he answered her, a little embarrassed.
"Having a wardrobe malfunction?" she teased him.
He couldn't answer her, he just kind of ducked his head down with a smirk.
"I know how you feel sweetie," she said.
"What?" the boy asked her.
"Being well-endowed," she told him. "What do you think it was like growing up with these?" Lisa asked him, pointing to her enormous tits, which filled out her black bathing suit to the max.
"And believe me, sweetie, these arrived earlier than expected," she said with that delightful laugh of hers. "I was the first one in my class to get boobs, and they were big."
This story was only making him that much more aroused.
"Boys were always staring, making me feel uncomfortable. Other girls were jealous," she went on. "They thought I was a slut just because I had big tits."
'God, I love this woman,' Kenny thought to himself.
"I had to wear really baggy sweaters," she went on, and before she could finish, Kenny jumped right in.
"Wow, yeah, I try to stay away from tight pants," he said.
She looked at him, awaiting more, and he indulged her.
"There were these tight shorts at camp," he told her, "and I couldn't really fit into them."
"Oh my," she said, her eyes getting big.
"It wouldn't even fit inside the shorts," he explained. "It was like, hanging out."
The story amused her.
"Did you ask for a bigger size?" she asked him with a giggle, again petting Cinnamon.
"Kind of," he said, not yet wanting to tell her that he pretty much ditched the shorts all together as the camp wore on. "I made due, I'll put it that way."
She chuckled.
"Oh and locker room showers were a whole other thing," she said, going on with her experiences. "Here are the other girls, with training bras, what have you, and I have these monstrous melons that just look so out of place. Plus I was a petite girl at the time..."
Kenny gulped. He always loved his step mom's tits, dreamed of seeing them, and now she was drawing more attention to them. She further surprised him by being more forward about his anatomy.
"How about you? Do the other boys say anything about your dick?" she asked him casually. Kenny loved how she just slipped the "d" word right in there, like she was so nonchalant about it. Dina used the "d" word often, but this was the first time he ever heard his step mom use it.
It was like she was trying to relate to him, and he thought this made her seem that much more enticing.
"They're fine," Kenny said of his peers, giving the classic teenager answer, like 'yeah, everything's fine.'
But then he decided to open up.
"I mean, there was this time at camp where we went skinny dipping, and me and the guys ended up standing around, comparing our dicks and stuff," he told his step mom in confidence.
"I see," she said with a big smile. "Well I bet you had plenty to be proud of."
Kenny had a big grin on his face, and just then the phone rang inside, but Lisa said to just let it go. She urged Kenny to go on with his tale about camp.
"Well after a while we went skinny dipping," he told her. "It was kind of fun."
"I imagine so," she said. "Skinny dipping was quite popular when I was your age, sweetie. It was always a blast."
Kenny suddenly imagined Lisa ripping off her bathing suit and jumping in the pool with him. He imagined her big, beautiful breasts, and her sexy ass, and 'oh God, she probably has such a nice bush,' he thought to himself.
A car drove by down the street, causing Cinnamon to go darting towards the fence, barking her head off. Lisa and Kenny both cracked up.
"You tell 'em, Cinnamon," Lisa said, finishing off her second Long Island Iced Tea.
"God, that water looks so good," the beautiful brunette said, eying the sparkling pool. "I might have to jump in."
Suddenly a naughty grin came across her face, and she mumbled a few words to herself.
"You know...to get back to the skinny dipping thing, I must say it was pretty popular when I was growing up," she said, repeating her statement of a moment ago.
"Really?" Kenny asked, a bit nervous and excited.
"Oh yeah," Lisa said, now getting to her feet. "It was no big deal, it was good clean fun."
Lisa now stood before him, hands on her hips, with obviously a plan in mind.
"You up for it, kiddo?" she asked. "There's no one around. Pretty much everyone is at work for the afternoon. Maybe Ms. Johnson is home but she won't bother us..."
Kenny's heart started racing. His step mom wanted to swim naked with him? Could this really be happening?
"Um, yeah, why not?" he told her, getting up from his chair. His semi erect penis bulged out in his trunks. Lisa glanced down at the bulge, and smiled.
"Would my dad mind if we did this?" he asked innocently. Lisa shrugged it off.
"Oh, he would join us if he was here," Lisa said. "Your father is quite the showoff."
Kenny looked over at the pool, and it did look so inviting. And the chance to see Lisa naked was all too much to even comprehend at the moment.
"Well, slugger, you up for it?" she asked him again. This time, he nodded 'yes' emphatically.
"Well alrighty then, why don't you grab us a couple towels and come back outside," she told him. "And leave your bathing suit in the house, young man."
She winked at him, and gave him a sexy smile. This was maybe the greatest day of Kenny's young life, even better than any of the wild adventures he had at camp that summer.
He raced into the house, grabbed two towels, and after taking a deep breath, yanked down his swim trunks and headed back out to the pool. His penis swung back and forth as he walked, and as he opened the sliding glass door and headed out onto the back patio, the feeling of the warm summer air on his naked penis was a sensational, highly erotic feeling.
All of his inhibitions gone at this point, he started walking to the pool, and he savored every stride. Lisa was already in the water, splashing around and having a good old time.
Kenny's large swinging tool was the focus of the woman's attention.
"Well look at you just flopping all over the place," she said with a delightful laugh. Kenny walked over to the edge of the in-ground pool, and Lisa swam over to the side and began to chat with him. His penis loomed over top of her, both a beautiful and menacing sight as she glanced up at it in wonder.
"That is one incredibly large prick," she said, being more and more open with him as the day wore on. She was also creating this atmosphere that his nudity was perfectly acceptable, and that he should not be bashful.
"Wow, no tan lines," she said, obviously impressed as she glanced his body over. Kenny was tan from head to toe, his well-toned body so nice to look at. Lisa checked out his nice pectorals, and flat, washboard stomach. Kenny also had some nice, thick thighs, and a cute, muscular butt. But it was his oversized organ that drew most of Lisa's stares.
"God, even your dick has a nice golden bronze tan," she teased him. He blushed a bit, and admitted to her that he and the guys were naked an awful lot at camp. She embraced his exhibitionism, instead of trying to discourage it.
"Well what are you waiting for slow poke?" she said. "Come on in, the water is fabulous."
Wanting to show off, Kenny jumped right in, and the water felt so refreshing as he went completely under and then swam back up to the surface.
He playfully splashed Lisa.
"Watch it, buster," she jokingly warned him. She ran her hands through her drenched, dark hair. She looked even hotter soaking wet.
Kenny suddenly realized though that Lisa had yet to get out of her bathing suit, and after a few minutes of casual chit-chat, he had to say something.
"Aren't you, uh...skinny dipping too?" he asked.
She looked at him like he had crabs crawling out of his ears.
"Uh, no," she said, surprised he even asked such a thing. "I don't think so," she said, laughing.
He was left in a stupor.
"You're the one that's skinny dipping dingbat," she told Kenny, now splashing him playfully. "I'm wearing my suit. Craig got me this suit - isn't it nice?"
Kenny couldn't even answer her. He just stood there in shock, confused.
"But...you said it was popular when you were growing up?" he said. "I thought you said you skinny dipped all the time?"
"Kenny!?" she said. "Yeah, for the guys, skinny dipping was fun. For us girls, it was kind of a...spectator sport." Lisa then let out a long, satisfying laugh, much to Kenny's chagrin.
She gently rubbed his shoulder to soothe him.
"Come on, buddy boy, we can still have fun," she told him. "Come on, let's swim."
As disappointed as he was that he wasn't going to see Lisa naked - maybe ever, he did dearly love the wicked passion for CFNM that this woman had, and she was starting to have quite a hold over young Kenny.
"How's the water feel? How's your dick feel?" she asked him openly with a sexy grin.
"It feels really good," he had to admit as he swam around. "This like...feels totally natural."
"Well that's what it's all about young Kenneth," she told him. The two of them swam around the pool without a care in the world.
They raced each other at one point, and Lisa, a former high school and college swimmer, beat her step son with ease, and she had fun rubbing it in.
"In your face, buddy boy," she taunted him.
Kenny loved doing the backstroke every now and then, as this way his large penis was exposed to Lisa, and she had no problem taking long, enjoyable glances at it.
"I just love seeing you naked," she had to tell him. "You have such a beautiful, young body..."
Kenny swam over to her, and grabbed her waist to tickle her. Lisa laughed, but then wanted to get even, and was able to overpower the boy and began wrestling around with him in the water.
"Don't fuck with mommy," she teased him, jumping on his back. "I will mop the floor with you, kiddo."
Kenny was loving this, and so was his penis. He could feel he had a huge erection underneath the water. As he and his step mom were frolicking away, he felt his huge boner brush against Lisa's thigh.
"Oh God, was that your dick?" she asked with a high-pitched shriek. He could only nod up and down.
"It's okay, babe," she told him. "No harm, no foul."
She then quickly jumped all over him again, and his erection touched her body repeatedly, without any complaints from her. The sensation of it rubbing against her soft skin was almost too much for him and thankfully, the phone began to ring again inside.
"Ugh, I better get that this time," Lisa told him. "Just in case it's an emergency."
His step mom walked over to the steps, and as she got out of the water, her big, sexy ass was now in view, and Kenny could see the outline of each gorgeous cheek. Lisa then pulled the black bathing suit away from her butt a bit, so it would not be so clingy.
Lisa was gone a good 10 minutes, but Kenny's erection seemed to gain power rather than subside. She came waltzing back out, another iced tea in hand, and walked over to the edge of the pool.
"Sorry, Kenny," she said. "That was Mrs. Glendale. She needs someone to cut her grass next week so I told her you would be over."
Lisa often gave Kenny errands to do without asking his permission first, and it was a sign of her authority over him. He had no problem with it, especially with how she was behaving today.
Lisa sat down on the edge of the pool, and let her legs dangle in the water.
He asked if she was coming back into the water, but she told him she was done swimming for the day. She did, however, add that she loved watching him swim.
"Did you start lifting weights, Kenny?" she asked, noticing how he was starting to get a bit more muscular these days.
"Yeah, I thought I would give it a try," he said. "They had a weight room at the camp..."
"Well good for you," she said. "You're getting so...big."
Now he even tried to flex his muscles for her every now and then, and he just didn't want this day to end.
"Ready for school in the fall?" she asked him.
"Yuck, don't remind me," he told her. She smiled.
"Oh come on, college will be fun," she told him. "And then you can go back to band camp next summer. You'll be a councilor, won't that be fun!"
Kenny's memories of band camp suddenly came flashing back to him, especially his escapades with Chrissy, but then he put his focus back on Lisa.
He now summoned up enough gumption to admit one of his deepest fantasies.
"I think I want to be a male stripper," he told her.
She took a sip of her drink, and a smile came over her gorgeous face.
"Really?" she asked, interested instead of offended. "Well you definitely have a lot of potential."
She shared a laugh with Kenny, but then went back to encouraging him.
"I figured I might be able to make some good money off it - you know, to help with school," he explained.
"If it's something you want to do, sweetie, go for it," she said. "Only just like anything else...it's a lot of hard work."
He started swimming around for a minute so he could give her his full attention.
"I mean...," she began, then leaned over and spoke a little bit quieter to her stepson. "Those guys really have to work at it - dancing, doing routines...keeping their bodies in peak physical condition..."
"I know, I know," he told her.
"Plus you'll have to get used to a lot of drunk women grabbing you all over the place," she said. It was as if Lisa spoke from experience, like she had attended her fair share of male strip shows. She seemed to have a great idea of what went on at such events.
"But I would definitely say go for it," she told him. "In fact...if you're really serious about it, I can contact a friend I have that's uh, in the business. He could talk to you about it."
Kenny didn't expect this to develop so quickly.
"Yeah, sure," he said. "Give him a call...how do you know him?"
"Oh I've known him since college," Lisa told Kenny, taking another sip of her iced tea. "He's black, (hiccup), oh excuse me, he's a really handsome black gentleman I've known for several years now. He's really built, very handsome. A really BIG guy..."
Kenny gulped.
"And as you can imagine," Lisa said. "Very well endowed."
Kenny's head was spinning. He couldn't believe he had hit such a gold mine. His step mom was just a deep oasis of CFNM material.
"Did you go to any of his shows?" Kenny asked her.
"Oh, I was a regular for quite some time," Lisa admitted with a chuckle. "Good times, good times."
Kenny could hear the phone ringing again, as did Lisa. It was a momentary interruption in the festivities.
"Oh shit," Lisa said. "That phone will not stop ringing. Kenny, it's your turn, babe."
Kenny instinctively looked around to make sure there was nobody around, and then began to exit the pool. He slowly walked up the steps, and then onto the grass towards the house.
"Hustle, Kenny, hustle," Lisa told him, clapping her hands. He then broke into a light jog, and his huge, semi erect penis flopped around without constraint.
When he got into the house, he heard the phone had stopped ringing, and he groaned in disgust. He quickly turned around, and headed back out to the pool.
It felt good to be outside again, naked. Kenny walked towards Lisa, his donkeyesque member once again the center of her focus.
"Who was it?" she asked.
"I didn't make it," he responded. "They hung up before I could pick up."
Lisa shook her head, pretending to be disappointed with him.
"It's kind of hard to run with this," he said, pointing towards his semi erect phallus sticking out before him.
"I would imagine so," she said teasingly.
Poor Kenny tried to act nonchalant about his huge, sprouting erection, commenting on the lovely blue jay that had just swooped in and landed in the tree closest to Lisa. But she didn't pay that bird any mind. She kept staring at Kenny's bird, with a big smile.
"Holy shit, Kenneth," she began. "You're really getting hard, aren't you..."
His prick kept elongating and getting thicker and thicker, as Lisa's eyes seemingly had some kind of magical affect on it. Kenny started to feel very much at peace with her standing there admiring his anatomy, but Lisa wanted them to have a bit more privacy.
"Let's get inside before someone sees that," she said, pointing down at his fat, throbbing tool. He followed her through the sliding glass doors and into the family room.
"So how'd you like skinny dipping?" she asked him happily. "It appears you survived it at least."
"It was fun," he said without hesitating. "I mean I've gone skinny dipping before...with other guys...but not with a beautiful woman like you..."
"Aw, that's so sweet, Kenneth, really," she said, walking over and then playfully smacking him on the behind. "Now go get us something to drink and I will see what's on television."
This was great, Kenny thought - she doesn't mind that I'm still naked! In fact, she seems to be prolonging my nudity, he thought to himself.
When he returned, Lisa was seated on the sofa, and Kenny very politely handed the woman her drink. As he was standing before her, his erection still stuck way out in front of him, bobbing up and down with his every motion.
Before he could sit down, Lisa asked him what he was going to major in, and he replied that he was still undecided.
"I want to keep my options open," he said, as Lisa's gaze again fell upon his massive boner. "I don't want to commit to anything - probably take a lot of electives my first year."
Lisa, interested at first, quickly seemed oblivious to what he was saying. Earlier, she would sneak glances at his penis but then be quick to look him in the eyes. By now, she didn't hide it any more - she was openly staring at his huge wang.
As Kenny was going on and on about school, Lisa interrupted him.
"Sweetie, can I ask you a personal question?" she said. He was caught off guard, but then nodded 'yes.'
"How long is your dick, have you ever measured it?" she asked.
Of course he measured it, he used to measure it all the time in fact. He was proud of it. But he didn't want to be too boastful. He shrugged 'no.'
Lisa sat there for a few seconds, but it looked like she wanted to ask Kenny something else. In fact, it looked like she might burst if she didn't.
"Would you mind if I measured it?" she asked with that delightful giggle of hers. Kenny couldn't believe her brazenness.
"No...sure, go right ahead," he said, getting ever more aroused by her interest in his massive organ.
"It's in the name of science, of course," she said with a smile. "Me being a former nurse...I just have never in the world seen one that..."
She stared at his enormous hard-on, and then reluctantly began to head out of the room.
"Where on Earth could I find a ruler?" she asked aloud. Kenny couldn't exactly think too clearly at the moment, his giant fuck stick bobbing up and down before him, throbbing every second.
"You wait here, hon, I'll go find one," she told her stepson, gently patting his behind as she left the room.
Kenny thought to himself, 'wait here? Where else am I gonna go with this?,' looking down at his own hard-on.
Lisa was gone for five, 10, now 15 minutes, but Kenny's erection did not subside. He was harder as ever as he anticipated Lisa measuring his tool.
Kenny suddenly heard her coming down the steps, and as she entered the family room, she held up a tiny, pink piece of plastic.
"This was the only ruler I could find - do you believe it?" she asked with a laugh. "You kids, I tell ya.' I know we must have a real ruler somewhere but everything gets lost in this house."
She approached Kenny, standing before him with the tiny, 6-inch ruler.
"Now this is going to be a challenge," she said, chuckling as she looked down at his long prick, and the real short measuring tool she had to work with.
Kenny was loving the moment, as all his step mom's attention was on his penis. The first time her delicate fingers touched his male organ, an overwhelming feeling of euphoria slowly enveloped his whole body.
Just to make sure he was fully erect, she gently stroked it, and now his legs began shaking a bit underneath him. He was so excited he could barely stand.
"Just want to make sure I'm not short-changing you," she said teasingly. "Wanna make sure you're at full attention..."
She continued to caress his organ, her strokes long and overemphasized. Lisa then stopped her manipulation of his cock, and she knelt down before him, her mouth just inches from his enormous penis.
"I think you're definitely at full mast," she said with a big smile as his cock twitched and throbbed right in front of her.
Kenny couldn't even answer her.
Lisa then began measuring his tool, starting the ruler at the base of it and then along the top, and then she tried starting it at the head, and along the top. She couldn't make up her mind how she wanted to go about doing this special project.
She made up her mind, and went back to starting at the base, and put the tiny pink ruler along the top part of the shaft. It almost looked like a stick of bubble gum resting on a long lead pipe.
"You do have a really big dick," she said matter of factly with that intoxicating laugh of hers.
Kenny smiled, and watched her continue measuring him.
"Okay, if I put my thumb here...," she said as she placed one of her digits where the ruler ended, and then put it down to measure the rest of the shaft.
"Oh wow! Oh my Lord in Heaven," she said, with a degree of both shock and jubilation.
"What?" he asked, looking down at her findings.
"Twelve inches!" she said. He couldn't believe it. Kenny had always found it to be a 11 and a half, but he hadn't measured it in some time, and maybe over the course of the summer, one last growth spurt perhaps, and just how aroused he was with Lisa on this special day...he had put on another half inch.
"Look!" Lisa said, as the end of the ruler rested on the edge of his massive dick head. "Sweetie!? You have a footlong!"
She said it with a sense of both awe and amusement, and then she released his prick to let it bob in the air unattended.
"My own stepson...owner of a 12-inch penis," she said, voicing her enthusiasm. "That is one little nugget of information I am going to find hard to keep from the gals at the gym."
Kenny looked at her with a cute, shy face. Lisa was direct, and honest.
"Babe, I have to apologize in advance if this one slips out," she said, knowing she was going to have to tell some of her friends about her discovery. "I don't know how long I'm gonna be able to keep this a secret."
Kenny looked down at his menacing erection, the size of it so substantial that it demanded to be measured. And Kenny was comfortable with it.
"I don't care who you tell," he told his step mom.
"I wouldn't think you would!" she said happily. "Most guys wouldn't mind being known for having a 12-inch..."
Kenny waited for her to finish.
"Cock," she said with great emphasis. Kenny could sense Lisa was relieved she could now speak so openly with him.
She sat down on the sofa, and urged him over to her. She crossed her legs, and as if on cue, pre-come now ran out onto the head of his long shaft.
Lisa took hold of his erection again.
"Such a beautiful cock," she said openly, gently stroking it a bit.
Kenny took a deep breath, and savored the moment. He scratched his right pec, and stared up at the ceiling, drifting off into space as his step mom fondled his organ.
"My God, Kenneth, look at your balls," she said to him. "Honey? Don't you masturbate?"
"Um..." he stammered.
"It looks like..." she began, now grabbing hold of his nuts and weighing them in hand. "It looks like you haven't had release in weeks! God these things weigh a ton."
Kenny masturbated, but it never seemed enough. He could literally play with his dick all day and never run out of seed, and Lisa was amazed to see the proof of this.
"Your balls are HUGE!" she told him, now rolling each of the walnut-sized orbs around in her hand.
"I jerk off," he said. "It's just I'm always really horny I guess. And you know I'm still a virgin..."
"Yes I know, Kenneth, and I appreciate your honesty with me, but..."
Lisa now played with his balls, picking them up and then letting them drop and dangle between his legs.
"God they almost hang down as far as your dick does - when it's flaccid," she said. "God, big dick, big balls..."
She kept fondling his nuts, without any objection from Kenny.
"Honey, are you sure you masturbate?" she asked him again. "God, you would think a boy with a joystick as big as yours, you would be going to town on that thing!"
"Yes, mom, I masturbate," he told her.
"Are you sure you're doing it right?" she persisted, this time with a laugh, just to kid him.
Before Kenny could answer her...
"I mean you do know, there's supposed to be a climax at the end, right?" she further teased him. "A whole lot of stuff shooting out and what have you..."
"Yes. And I shoot a ton, let me tell you," he told her.
"Really?" she asked curiously, now rising to her feet. She looked back down at his organ.
"I would just love to see that," Lisa told her stepson.
Kenny couldn't believe what he heard - Lisa was beginning to fulfill all the CFNM fantasies he ever had concerning her. And she was doing it in such an easy-mannered, nonchalant way.
"I mean, first I want to make sure you are doing it correctly," she told him, as a nurturing step mom. "Masturbation is very important for boys your age. Especially..."
She rolled her eyes at his massive erection.
"Especially for a boy with a 12-inch penis," she said laughingly. "Kenny, that thing's like a loaded weapon for Christ's sake? You don't want that thing going off in your pants, do you?"
Kenny laughed at himself.
"No, I wouldn't want to do that," he said.
Lisa then slapped the sofa cushion next to her, urging Kenny to sit down beside her. As he did, she leaned in towards him, crossing her legs again. He stared at her thighs.
"Now...what do you think about when you masturbate?" she asked him. "Do you have pictures, videos..."
"Mom!," he said.
"Kenneth, it's perfectly natural. Do you like...big breasts?" she asked.
"Yeah," he said right back to her. She smiled.
"Do you have magazines featuring women with big breasts?" she asked him.
Kenny had one image in particular in his mind.
"There is this one picture, that's kind of my favorite," he admitted to her.
"Tell me about this picture," Lisa said with an overemphasized excited tone, making him crack up.
"It's of a women, standing in a pool, her chest above water, and she's kind of looking off into the distance," he explained. "There was a lot of people around, so she's kind of oblivious to the fact she's being photographed...She has a white bathing suit on, and you can clearly see her large breasts through the bathing suit. You can sort of make out both nipples if you REALLY look. But you can see how big her boobs are, how big around and voluptuous..."
"My my," Lisa said.
"And then there's another photo of the same woman," Kenny continued. "Only this time, it's her really sexy thighs that are the point of focus."
"I see," Lisa said, thrilled that Kenny was sharing so much with her.
"She's lying in a hammock, on a warm summer afternoon, and she's sound asleep," Kenny said. "Her left hand is gently grazing the underside of her big, well-rounded left thigh. So nice, so enticing..."
Lisa giggled sexily as he opened up to her.
"It sounds like this woman had quite an impact on you," she said.
Kenny took a deep breath, and decided to share with Lisa the biggest news.
"Lisa," he began, "the woman in the photos was you."
"Me?!" she asked, startled, but smiling.
"I...I took each of those pictures of you myself," he said. "I just...I just think you're a goddess..."
Lisa was overwhelmed by his affection for her. He also made her feel like a sex symbol, something she hadn't felt like in quite some time. Even though she was very much still a woman of great beauty.
"Kenny, I am just beside myself," she told him. "I never knew you thought about me in that way. I'm just...well I'm flattered, to say the least."
They shared a quiet moment together, each looking into the other's eyes.
Lisa then had to push forward with the conversation.
"So you masturbate to pictures of your step mom," she said aloud. It sounded so dirty.
"Yes, mam," Kenny admitted.
Again, she was more nurturing than anything else.
"Well that's perfectly natural, kiddo," she said.
Again, an awkward, but enjoyable, silence. Lisa coughed to break the tension. She inevitably looked over at her fully naked stepson, his 12-inch erection jutting out over his right thigh, hovering in the air.
"Your dick doesn't know what to do," she teased Kenny. "It's like 'I want to lie down but I'm too excited.'"
Lisa then looked at his erection with even greater scrutiny, and noticed the oozing precome that was now drenching the massive head of his penis.
"Oh, Kenny, your cock is crying," she told him sexily. "It's like 'please play with me? Please?'"
They both laughed again, and Kenny finally grabbed his giant dick.
"Would you mind if I played with it right now?" he asked.
Lisa sat back in her seat, to get more comfortable.
"I would LOVE to see you play with that thing," she told him. "And for goodness sake, Kenneth, you need release."
It felt weird at first stroking his cock in front of his step mom, but after the first few strokes, it felt easier. And Lisa began showering the boy with plenty of dirty talk, to encourage him, and urge him on.
"Ooo, look at you manhandle that thing," she said. "That's it, sweetie, stroke that big dick."
Kenny was floating on a cloud. His feelings of arousal were pulsing all through his body. He persistently stroked his hard-on, pacing himself so he could make the moment last.
"Come on, Special K, jerk that thing for me, jerk off for Mommy," Lisa whispered into his ear. "I love watching you stroke your cock."
Kenny now switched from his right hand to his left, trying to show off. He would beat off vigorously, and then go to slow, more overemphasized strokes.
So caught up in the moment, Lisa grabbed for her phone, and started filming Kenny.
"Just gonna get a little vid of this on my camera phone," she told him with a smile.
"Hope this doesn't end up on Youtube," Kenny said. Lisa laughed.
"I think this is a little racy for Youtube, babe," she said.
Kenny kept stroking his big meat stick for Lisa, at one point smacking it lewdly against his open palm, creating a loud thwack that resonated throughout the entire room. He then pushed his hard-on downward, and saw Lisa watch with delight as it sprang back up and smacked his stomach.
"Come on, work that cock," she urged him. "Ooo, two hands now, oh you big boy you..."
Kenny was showing off using both his hands on his long, hard prick, pumping it up and down as if it were a well-oiled piston.
"Tame that beast," Lisa said. "Show that dick who's boss."
Kenny had to laugh, as did she. But it didn't at all break up the momentum of his task.
"Come on, keep jerking it," she told him. She was relentless. "Stroke that big fuckin' donkey dick for Mommy."
That last command almost brought Kenny over the edge, but he maintained. He also began to realize that this whole escapade was not merely just for his enjoyment, and for his release, but for her own pleasure.
He saw Lisa slip one of her hands into the crotch of her bathing suit, and she started rubbing her pussy as he stroked his mighty cock.
Lisa sifted through her dark brown bush, and began massaging her pussy lips. She then sank one finger into her opening, then two, and then three. Her moans were getting more substantial. Her crotch was still covered by her bathing suit, but Kenny could hear the sounds of her pleasure.
"Oh, Kenny, don't stop," she said as she fingered herself, eyeing Kenny's giant fuck stick. "I want to see you shoot, baby, shoot a big fucking load for me."
Kenny was glad to hear her demand he come for her, since he was getting right to that moment. He tried to relax every muscle in his body, so he wouldn't tense up.
As his step mom continued to pleasure herself right in his presence, Kenny stroked his cock more persistently, knowing the big moment was approaching.
He let out one last loud groan, and then began to ejaculate. A big blob of come shot out, landing on his thigh, but then with no warning, a long rope of thick, white semen, erupted from his dick, firing out and landing on the glass coffee table in front of Kenny and Lisa.
"Oh, Kenny!" Lisa said, as she now began fingering herself to climax. Lovely, sweet pussy juice now drenched her fingers.
Kenny kept stroking his big hard-on, as come continued to pour out of him. Another creamy white blast of semen drenched the coffee table, as there now started to be little puddles of the stuff forming on the surface of it.
"Oh my God, Kenny!?" Lisa said, now taking her fingers out of her bathing suit and assisting Kenny with his huge pole.
They now stroked his cock together, aiming it upwards.
"Come, on, more damn you, more," she demanded. And he was only so happy to oblige, firing another blast of come that inadvertently hit Lisa in the cheek.
"Oh, Jesus," she said with a laugh, rubbing the come into her skin, making her face shine in the glow of the family room lights.
Kenny kept moaning and moaning, as if this load had been pent up the second he saw Lisa when he got off the train days earlier.
He now blasted himself in the face with his seed, much to Lisa's enjoyment.
"Now you got yourself," she said, laughing. "Now we're even."
Lisa kept tugging on his prick, delighted that it shot out five, six, maybe seven dribbles of semen that landed along Kenny's thigh. As he finished ejaculating, Kenny was exhausted, and quite content, along with Lisa.
"Oh my fucking word," Lisa said loudly. "My God, Kenneth, you could have impregnated an entire village with that fuckin' load."
He looked down at his flaccid penis, as it rested on his right leg. He was proud.
"Now don't you feel a hell of a lot better, kiddo?" she asked. He nodded with a grin.
Lisa's pussy was drenched, and she now grabbed for a towel and put it around herself, covering her bathing suit bottom.
"Whew!" she said, letting out a big sigh as the adventure with Kenneth had overwhelmed her. "That was an event..."
Kenny didn't bother to get a towel. He had been naked in front of his step mom the entire afternoon, so why break precedence.
"I have to admit, sweetie, I got a little excited myself," she told him. He knew she was trying to gently tell him she had masturbated while watching him stroke himself, and he already knew that fact. He loved it.
"Well. Time just flies when you're having fun," she said with a chuckle. "We better get this place cleaned up before your father and Dina get home."
Kenny jumped to his feet, his energy now back, and he was more enthusiastic than ever.
"What can I do?" he asked eagerly, standing there naked before his step mom.
"Well you can start by putting away your big schlong," she said with an amused grin. Kenny looked down at his nakedness, and it made him crack up how he pretty much forgot he was completely nude. He had gotten so used it around Lisa.
"Sweetie, go get changed. I'll handle this," she said, eyeing the coffee table, and the massive amount of come that Kenny had christened it with.
For Kenny to leave the room, he had to walk by his step mom, and as he did so, she glanced down at his huge, swinging appendage, and she grinned.
It was going to be a great finale to the summer, and it was just beginning.
TO BE CONTINUED