Well... that was fun.
So, as I wondered where my relationship with Kim would go next... I took her mother out to lunch the following Tuesday.
That proved interesting on a number of fronts..., involving her ongoing affairs with Trey and Allen... plus a surprisingly new addition, one that offered a high degree of risk and absolutely no reward.
We went to Newport for lunch, another nice summer day, where she entertained me with her narration of her liaisons. After having sex with Allen on two occasions the previous week, she confessed to a third tryst... on Friday morning.
What was unusual about that was... the school was closed on Fridays, Summer School classes Monday through Thursday only.
"Allen told me he couldn't stay on Thursday because he had to take his son to Summer Camp. Then he asked if I'd come in early on Friday because he, "... couldn't wait a whole weekend without having me." Since I'd already told Todd that I was going to Boston with Kathy on Friday and we were going to see a show there on Friday night... he left for work and never said a word."
"Even if the school is closed, don't the janitors still have to be there?" I asked, thinking that might be pertinent.
"No," she replied, "they only work four days in the summer too."
"Another stain on Angela's blotter?" renewing a previous theme.
"No... this time it was on her chair," Elle's response, along with a wicked grin.
"Getting into a position to accomplish that must have been interesting," I offered.
"Actually, it was..." with another smile.
She then related how Allen had taken her clothes off, sat her on the chair and, for the first time, went on to performing oral sex on her.
"He was actually very good at it," she admitted, "spending a lot of time and energy getting me off. I had two really good orgasms before he dropped his pants, sat me in his lap facing him and then got me off again before he ejaculated inside me. We sat there for a while... not saying anything, just feeling the afterglow... while his cum seeped out of me onto Angela's chair."
Giving her a look, I asked, "So, does that mean that his status has improved... in terms of his being Italian and representing Italians in the "Sexual Hierarchy?"
"It's a start," she deadpanned.
"Anyway, we left a big spot on the chair and then I had to rush home to clean up because I wasn't going to Boston with Kathy, but out to lunch with Trey and then doing whatever he wanted, because he left on Sunday and he was spending Saturday with his parents."
"What about... oh, Todd went to work. How about Kim and TJ?"
"Kim had to work, but she wasn't home anyway... she'd stayed at her friend Sam's house on Thursday. And TJ got up early and went to his friend Kyle's house, so I was all alone. I cleaned up and met Trey at our rendezvous place and we went to lunch and then..."
Interrupting, I asked, "Did he wonder why you chose that particular place?"
"He never asked, and I never offered a reason. I just picked it out because it was safe, and people were used to seeing my car there."
When I didn't replay, she continued.
"He took me to a nice little restaurant in Island Park, more a bar, hang out kind of place that had good food, real drinks and nice people. He knew a few of them and introduced me... by my first name, and we kind of stayed there for a while... talking, and then he took me into Newport, where he had a room on Goat Island... a penthouse room... with a view all the way up to Beavertail..."
I interrupted again, asking, "What were you wearing?"
Just by her smile... I knew she'd been waiting for me to ask that question.
"The Sundress," her reply, the smile growing larger.
The "Sundress" was something I'd bought online. Wasn't looking for anything like that, but happened onto a site, saw the dress, and knew it would be perfect for Elle.
A micro mini, made of light blue cotton that had very subtle slightly lighter stripes. The material was so translucent that it was nearly transparent. Backless, with a deep "V" front that was outlined with a self-ruffle, that same ruffle outlining the self-ties that went around the neck. Since she wouldn't wear anything underneath the dress, naked was the next option.
"How'd he like it?" I asked.
"A lot... and so did his friends," her answer.
"But strangers didn't?"
"Everyone became a friend wherever we went," with her biggest smile.
"And you had a good time?"
"I didn't get home until after 11:00.
"Well... you were out with Kathy... at a show in Boston," I reminded her.
"It was a show alright," she confessed, "we were in bed from 3:00 until 7:00. They we ordered Room Service and went back to bed until 10:00. I slept until after 10:00 on Saturday."
"Will he be looking forward to his next trip home?" my question.
"I got him off three times," she stated, with more than a little pride.
"And he'll brag that...?"
"He won't brag at all... but I came about a million times... and I swallowed his cum once and he left it for me in my pussy and ass. I can't believe that Todd couldn't smell it Saturday morning."
"Did he sleep late too?" I asked with a grin.
"No, he was up early... TJ had a tournament this weekend and they won on Friday night, so they had to play again on Saturday morning and if they had won that game... but they lost."
"And Trey?"
"He still couldn't tell me when he'll get back... but he promised that if I ask his dad..."
"So, you had Saturday and Sunday off?"
"Well... Saturday morning... after they lost their 8:00 AM game, TJ went Kyle's house and Todd joined a couple of the other "Baseball Dads" for a round golf. Kim was working and then going to Sam's again, so I was left home alone."
"A plight worse than death!" I deadpanned.
"Not really, because it was a beautiful day, so I just went out and sat by the pool."
"Pool? When did you get a pool?"
"My parents put the pool in when they built the house," she replied, "so we've had one since I was in high school."
I smiled and remarked, "And I'm sure you still have the same bathing suits you wore in high school... just so you won't offend Todd."
She laughed, then smiled, "Well... you're almost right. I have two-piece bathing suits I've had since I got married and that's pretty much all I wear at home... but I also have a couple...!"
Now it was my turn to smile... because I was the one who'd bought her those!
"So," I continued, "you're sitting by the pool... which is how big?"
"Oh, I don't remember. It's big and rectangular... and eight feet deep in front of the diving board... and we have a nice deck around it that we added after my mom passed away... so... anyway... Kathy had given me this book about a middle aged school teacher, whose husband had run off on her with his secretary... and she decided to take her summer vacation in Europe after the divorce became final and Kathy told me it was a really a hot story... especially one chapter... so I made a pitcher of Sangria and started to read it... when TJ called me and asked me to bring him a bathing suit and his phone to Kyle's house because they were going to Ricky's to swim in his pool... so I got what he wanted... and a towel, threw on a cover-up and drove to his house..."
"Elle..."
She looked at me.
"Take a breath."
She laughed again... took a breath... and then continued.
"It took me five minutes to get to Kyle's and I jumped out of the car and went to the front door, where I knocked and this kid opened the door and I didn't recognize him at first... and then I realized that it was Kyle's older brother Sean... and... I'd seen him a year earlier at his high school graduation party... but he looked so different... so mature... and handsome... so I said, "Sean... is that you! God... you look so different... wow... and going to be a sophomore next year..." but he was just standing there... with his mouth open... looking at me... and he never said a word... so I opened the door and handed him TJ's things and said, "Nice to see you," then walked back to my car and went home."
I took a sip of my drink and then asked, "Was this unusual for Sean... his being this reticent?"
After taking a sip of her drink, she replied, "Well... yes. He was always polite whenever I'd seen him before... so... I really didn't give it much thought."
"Then you realized..." I said, with a grin.
"When I got home. I walked into the kitchen from the pool yard... and I saw my reflection in the sliding door."
"Not hard to figure out why...?"
"Sean," she reminded me.
"... why Sean was so reticent."
"No, it wasn't," with a grin of her own.
"Let me guess..." holding a finger up to my lips, "the sheer black micro bikini... and the sheer white cover-up?"
"Almost right," she answered, "the sheer white bikini and sheer white cover-up."
"So... essentially... when the kid opened the door and looked at you... you weren't wearing anything."
"That's right," now wearing a big smile, "... which made me hot as I recalled his reaction."
"What would your reaction have been... if his mother, or worse... TJ had answered the door?"
Pursing her lips... she shrugged and said, "But they didn't."
So, she continued... talking about enjoying the sun... the pool... the Sangria... and the book.
At one point, as she described squeezing her thighs together because of the tingle she was getting, the writer, Alice, recounting a particularly erotic tryst with a young French college student, I had to ask, "Did it ever occur to you that someone might come home? Todd...? Kim...? TJ...? I mean, that wouldn't be out of the question."
Again, she shrugged, "Not really. Todd wouldn't finish his round until...
I figured, after 3:00, Kim was working, TJ would still be at either Ricky's or Kyle's... so I was safe."
Before I could respond, she added, "And anyway... I had my towel next to me, so if I heard a car door, I would have just wrapped the towel around me and tell... whomever, that I'd had enough sun."
I gave her a look and then a head shake.
She smiled... and continued.
"So, I'd almost finished the Sangria and four chapters of the book, when the phone rang. We have an extension on the deck... but when I got up to get the phone, I nearly fell sideways into the pool because of the Sangria. I gathered myself and answered..., Kyle's father Don on the other end, asking if Todd had called me?
"No," I told him, "... was he supposed to?"
"Yeah, I got four tickets to the PawSox game tonight, so he, TJ... Kyle and I are going. Did you have anything planned?"
"Other than going to bed early and finish my book? No... no plans at all."
"Okay... enjoy your book and I'll have your boys' home by 11:00."
"So..., you've now not only had the rest of the day to yourself, but if Kim doesn't change her plans... the rest of the night too."
"Yup... and the book was getting really good and I had another bottle of Sangria in the house... and almost the entire afternoon to enjoy all that... plus four new batteries in my vibrator... because that was what I was going to get next!"
"Let me guess... you went to get the vibrator right after you hung up."
Laughing, "You know me too well. I finished the glass of Sangria... went into the house and made myself a sandwich... then went upstairs and retrieved my toy... and then poured the bottle of Sangria into my pitcher. For the next hour I read three more chapters, finished two more glasses of Sangria, turning over twice, but playing with the vibrator each time I was on my back... then I heard a car door open and close."
My heart stopped... and I wasn't even there!
"You're shitting me!" I exclaimed... thoughts of Todd finding ALL of Elle's playthings and clothes.
"I was laying on my stomach and when I tried to get up, I fell sideways onto the ground. My vibrator fell next to me and I scrambled to pick up the towel and tried to get it around me... when Don walked into the back yard!"
"Don?"
"Yeah Don... Kyle's father... he'd called to tell me that he was taking Todd, TJ and Kyle to the baseball game."
Somewhat relieved, but not totally... I asked, "What was he doing there?"
"I had no idea... but of all the people that it could have been... I was very happy it was him!"
"How did he react... I mean react to what you were wearing?"
"Well, first he didn't see me, or realize that I was standing by the pool... so when I called out to him... he looked at me, did a double take, and then he walked over and I asked, "What's up?"
"Did you ever get the towel wrapped around you?" I interrupted.
"No... and his eyes never got above my chest... and with a stupid grin on his face."
I was at a loss. How do you get around something like this?
When I didn't respond, she continued.
"So, I asked him again, "Don... did something happen? Are the boys okay?"
"He finally looked at me... at my face and said, "Oh... sure... the boys are okay. Kyle called me and asked me to pick up Todd's glove on my way home, TJ figuring we'd have a better chance to catch a ball. So, I'm just stopping to pick it up..."
She took a sip of her drink... just as the waitress delivered our lunch. We stopped talking just long enough to take a bite of out meal and then she said, "We were standing there, looking at each other and he looked up and down my body for the hundredth time... and finally said, "Jesus Elle... what kind of bathing suit is that?"
"That caused me to look down at myself and I realized that the bikini bottom had rolled up and it was inside my pussy because I'd been playing with the dildo and I'd done the same thing to the top of the bikini, both triangles rolled off to the sides so..."
"Just like earlier... with his son," I interrupted again, "You were pretty much naked."
A smile appeared on her lips and, "Pretty much," she admitted, " and then I looked down and he had a hard on that was pushing the front of his shorts out... so I thought to myself, "Fuck it...," and then I asked him, "And what kind of pants are those?"
"Well he looked down, saw the bulge in his shorts and turned red as a beet! He started to mumble something... but before he finished, I half stepped, more stumbled, onto him... holding onto his shoulder with my left hand and then grabbed his crotch with my right hand. No mistaking it, he was really hard... and getting harder as I unzipped him and put my hand inside his shorts..."
I was looking at her, my fingers steepled in front of my mouth... trying to determine, more by her facial expression than her words... what the fuck she'd been thinking. But her face was so pure and innocent... so lacking in guile that I chalked it up to, "Sun, Sangria, Pool and Book...," sat back and listened to her tell the story.
"... and as soon as I touched him... I knew I wanted to fuck him. He was so hard I dropped to my knees, which was actually safer than standing, pulled his dick out and started to play with it and suck on him. He was groaning and his knees almost gave way and he felt like he was going to cum in my mouth... when he suddenly pulled me up by my arms, twisted me around and pushed me down onto my big lounge chair. He dropped on top of me... and I mean he dropped with his arms straight out, his legs between mine and his cock ready to push into my pussy... and that was what he did..."
Couldn't help myself... "Disappointing?"
"Truthfully?"
"No...," I replied with a smile, "so far it's been very stimulating... if not so irrationally dangerous!"
She reveled in the former... ignoring the latter.
"At that point," she confessed, "I would have been satisfied if it was Todd."
Sun... Sangria... Pool... Book... and then... dildo.
"But you didn't have to settle for Todd," I offered.
The look she gave me could have frozen liquid nitrogen!
I couldn't wait to hear what happened next.
"I'd just adjusted myself on the lounge... getting comfortable, when he started to moan... pushing himself against me... but not really... what's the word... he was just pushing his body against me... not..."
"Pumping...?" I suggested.
"That's it, he wasn't pumping his hips, he was just banging his whole body against me... and he bumped and bumped and groaned and then he kind of wheezed and then he stopped moving all together."
"Was he...?"
"Yup... he was finished. From the time he walked up to me until that moment... it was no more than two minutes... probably less."
"Okay," with a sympathetic voice, "disappointing."
"That is an understatement," she stated, "because then, while he was still on top of me... he started to whimper..."
Incredulous, I asked, "Whimper, like starting to cry?"
"Yes... whimper like starting to cry. With all his weight on me... he was sniffling and apologizing... "I'm sorry, so sorry... I don't know what happened... I just... oh god... what happens if Jan finds out... god I don't... god I'm so sorry..."
"I take it that Jan is his wife."
"Yes... and don't ask me why... but instead of being furious at that... I felt sorry for him... so I said, "Don... don't worry... Jan will never find out and we can just chalk it up to... a momentary indiscretion. If I hadn't been out here..."
"BOOM...! He rolled off me, stood up, pulled up his shorts... looking down on me with this kind of scowl and practically spit out, "That's right... if you hadn't come on to me... flaunted yourself in front of me... grabbed my penis... this never would have happened!"
Sun... Sangria... Pool... Book... and then... Dildo... it was that simple.
BUT...!
All my life, up until my affair with Elle, I'd been fairly controlled. My personality had been shaped by a large, happy family and the fact that I'd physically grown taller throughout my teenage and even into my early twentys. Even at that, I'd always been taller than my brothers and almost all of my friends, so kids were wary of me and I didn't get into a lot of fights. On the field, the court, the ice... that was a different matter, but I always strove to present a calm demeanor.
At that moment I was pissed... because Elle didn't deserve to be disrespected in that manner.
"How would she handle it?" I wondered, looking at her, trying to get a read.
Her response kind of summed that up...
"I slapped the asshole across the face before he could say another word!"
Sun... Sangria... instantly sober...!
I laughed, shaking my head then taking her hand and kissing the back of it.
"Perfect," I told her.
Then I said, "Time to go," as I had paid the bill and tipped our waitress.
The drive to our, "NoTell," was a continuation of the story, how she'd reminded Don, "It was all my fault? Was I licking you with my eyes...? Was it the erection in my pants... as I was panting... with my tongue out, while your hard on grew? Was it me that held my own head, as you were moving your cock in and out of my mouth? And is it my cum that's dripping down my leg right now? Fucking Monica had the right idea with Bill... I think I'll save a little of your ejaculation, just in case you get any ideas!"
"Perfect again," I responded, "remind me not to piss you off!"
"Impossible," she said with a smile... before adding, "He was so shocked, his eyes welled up and he apologized again... but I was still so mad, that as he turned to leave... I said, "Hey!... Todd's glove..., upstairs, first room on the left... bottom shelf in the right-hand closet..."
"He turned around and as he was walking... I had this wicked idea...
"Oh... and once you have the glove... go into the walk-in closet to the left and look in the red shoe box on the top shelf. There will be an electric dildo in the box, along with an extension cord. Bring that down and plug it into the receptacle on the landscape light behind me."
"Did he do it?" I asked.
"Of course... and he handed it to me once he was done. Fucking never looked me in the eye, just kept mumbling, "I'm sorry," the whole time."
"And how will it all turn out?"
"I'll be civil and so will he. We'll avoid each other, not that we have much of a relationship to begin with, but it will be civil."
"Interesting day," I offered.
"That it was," her reply... offered with a smile.
A half hour later, after we'd checked into the "NoTell," I'd been given two surprises. First... Elle and Allen had spent some quality time together, prior to our rendezvous... his sperm once again on the menu, this time with her calling it, as a certain young lady once had, "... dessert."
The second thing was... explained after I'd deposited my own sperm in her... that part given and received with intense mutual satisfaction.
As we spooned on the bed, our sweat sticking us together and the scent of my and Allen's cum... along with Elle's old and new secretions... lingering... she suddenly rolled over and looked at me, her eyes sparkling... a Cheshire Cat grin on her lips.
"What?" I asked.
"Don wasn't the only visitor I had on Saturday."
HUH!!
"Do I dare ask?" minus the sparkling eyes and Cheshire cat grin.
"Oh... you'll like this," she promised, as she hugged me even closer.
"After Don left, I poured myself another glass of Sangria and started to read my book again... then...
"Like nothing had happened?" amazed that this was possible... even for Elle.
"Sure... because in reality, nothing had happened!"
"Sun... Pool... Sangria... Book... Dildo... Cum running down her leg... and Rationalization!
"Anyway, it was mid-afternoon, and Kathy had told me... NO... warned me... that after I'd read a certain chapter in the book... I would need to go back into the house and get another set of batteries for my dildo, because it was so hot, I'd end up burning the vibrator up! That was why I had Don get me my electric vibrator... because I was almost finished with the book and I knew that chapter would be coming up."
I had gone too far... Elle now, seemingly, incapable of making rational decisions concerning her moral compass because...
... she had no moral compass.
Don had been written off as merely a, "Gopher," a someone that had fetched her Hitachi vibrator, a toy that she had seldomly uses because of its size, power and the ability to bring her to orgasms that rivaled those she'd experienced on the Sybian.
"I wasn't taking any chances on burning up my favorite sex toy," she explained.
Like I said...
"Then I came to the chapter," pushing slightly away from me so she could look directly at my face."
She told me about "THE" chapter, her account so vivid, I believe she'd read it more than once? Twice? Three or more times?
"Alice, the teacher, had returned from Europe, really a trip that had taken her to France and Holland, her plans to visit Germany, Austria and Italy, interrupted by the college student in Paris and then a Dutch businessman who'd seduced her on the train from Paris to Amsterdam. His, "Summer Retreat," was in the town of Giethoorn, which had captivated her for over a month, that time spent walking the streets in the town, often compared to Venice because of its canals and architecture, and the many museums and art galleries. When not wandering about town... she and her paramour were spending copious amounts of time making love in all manner of places."
"She'd called it, "... an interesting and extremely uplifting journey."
"Now back at "home," in the house that she and her estranged husband had built and lived in with their three children, she was preparing for the upcoming school year, when her older son Roy, entering his third year in college, came visiting with his best friend Danny, both deciding to spend the night after a cookout that included a couple of bottles of wine. The boys had commented on how different... and younger... Alice looked, the walking, natural food diet, and lots of crazy, for her, sex... causing her to shed a fair percentage of her body weight, while improving her overall conditioning."
"She much appreciated the compliments."
"Later, after showing the boys pictures and postcards of her trip, she took a shower and went downstairs to finish the bottle of wine. The boys had been playing video games in the basement playroom, her son coming up to take a shower and get ready for bed."
"Danny stayed with her, asking questions about the cities she'd visited, especially Amsterdam, which he said, had a reputation as a very liberal destination."
"That started a discussion on exactly which part of liberal Danny meant, which led him to describe the "... legal and openly advertised "Sex Trade."
"As was usually the case, his impressions were rife with misconceptions, which she gladly corrected, describing what she'd actually seen when she and Jorn had visited the "Red Light" District."
"In a way... it's so open... it almost makes the presentation sterile," she told him. "After looking at a few display windows that faced the streets, each one presenting a naked... or nearly naked, young woman, it was like looking at a mannequin..."
"With a wistful smile Danny interrupted, "Can't say I would agree with that, but... you were there, not me."
"More the wine... but somewhat because of the situation, the woman laughed, "So, you think... if you were there, the sight of a half dozen windows displaying naked young women would have excited you?"
"Caught off guard, Danny stuttered, "... Well... maybe... maybe it wouldn't... have excited me... but... damn... I don't think I would have brushed it... it off like I was looking at a mannequin!"
"Leaning over, she brushed the side of his face with the back of her fingers, telling him, "Maybe you're right. I was looking at it from a woman's perspective... a woman and a mother."
"Now staring into her eyes, Danny said, "Mrs. W... you are no doubt a woman... but... if you're going to call yourself a, "... woman and a mother..." as if there is something derogatory about that... then I'm going to have to tell you... you would be the sexiest mannequin in any window."
"Taken aback by his bold statement, she could only quietly murmur... "Thank you Danny... that was really sweet."
"Only telling the truth..." he finished, as Roy came wandering into the room."
"You ready to get your butt kicked again "Slow Hand?"
"I'll show you who has slow hands," Danny answered, "After I take a shower."
I'd been listening with interest, watching her eyes as she told the story, her intensity giving me the impression that she had completely given into Alice's experiences... because of how she's just spent the last ten days having had sex four times with Allen, twice with me... and god knows how many times with Trey!
Stimulating to be sure... so I said nothing.
"When Danny finished showering, he walked to Roy's room with a towel wrapped around his waist, only to find the room empty. When he returned to the hallway, still wearing only the towel, he encountered Roy's mom. "Where's that son of your?" he asked.
"He's down in the playroom... but I think he's asleep."
"Asleep? He told me he wanted to finish our game."
"She shrugged, "Well, I went down to see if he had any other clothes that needed washing... and he was sound asleep on the couch. You boys must have been out late last night."
"Might have been," Danny replied sheepishly.
"They stood in the hallway looking at each other, Danny in the towel and Roy's mom in a shorty housecoat that was tied loosely at the waist..."
"Well, do you having any clothes that need washing, since I'm going to be doing some anyway?
"Only clothes I have are the ones I was wearing," Danny replied."
"Well, gather those and I'll wash them too, so both of you will be acceptable in the morning."
"Danny shrugged and went back to the bathroom, returning with his clothes."
"He followed Alice to the laundry room."
"After loading everything in the washer, she turned to get the detergent and realized that Danny was still wearing the wet towel."
"Alice looked at him, then pointed at the towel..."
" The sound of the already agitating washer... the heat from the already spinning dryer and the dual scent of detergent, damp and dirty... as well as warm and clean clothes, all mingling together... synchronizing to offer her auditory and olfactory stimulation... that when added to the wine and the closeness of the handsome young man... drove her to a need she'd never anticipated."
"Reaching out, she hooked her index finger into the front of the towel... but, rather than pull on it... she looked into Danny's eyes."
"For his part, he stared back at her... and then hooked his index finger into the satin sash that was holding her robe closed."
"For a second... neither of them moved..."
"Then Alice took a step backwards... pulling the towel off Danny and causing him to pull the sash off her robe."
"His towel fell to the floor... while her robe fell open..."
"Elle...," I interrupted, "if he didn't fuck her on the washing machine... and later on the kitchen table... and finally in her son's bed... the kid had no imagination."
"Ha... you're wrong! She fucked him on the washing machine... then in her bathroom... and then on her son's bed. How did you know?"
"Kind of how it was going... the outcome a forgone conclusion when they finished the bottle of wine. But what does this have to do with your mystery lover?"
"Well... by this time, I'd had another glass of Sangria... the vibrator running almost the whole time... and all I could think of was Trey and I... the first time we'd kissed... and then his friends had suddenly showed up at the garage... and I was thinking about... maybe his friends wanting to have sex with me... and I would have had five boys all at once... and I was so horny I was putting my fingers inside me and taking Don's cum out of my pussy and licking it off my fingers and then..."
She hesitated...
Looking at her, not knowing what I was going to do with her... but before I made that decision... I had to know what happened next!
"... and then?"
She giggled, smile and shook her head, "... and then I squirted! I squirted so hard I thought I'd never stop and I was having an orgasm that was so strong that I dropped the vibrator... crossed my legs and just squeezed all of Don's cum out of me... then I ate every bit of it... and when I was done... I fell asleep."
"Christ! You fell asleep!! What would have happened if Todd had come home... or your daughter... or TJ! How could you explain the way you were dressed... or the dildo? Jesus Elle!"
She just tilted her heard, gave me another smile and then shrugged, "But they didn't... and anyway, I needed that nap."
This had, by now, lapped ridicules... and, she'd hinted at more!
So, I shut up and looked into her eyes, which somehow, still projected innocence.
"Anyway, it was now almost 5:00, but the sun was still warm. I had half a glass of Sangria left, mostly melted ice, so I sipped that and finished the book."
"The next morning, Alice said "Goodbye," to the boys, Roy heading back to school, preparing his apartment for the coming year ... while Danny came back that afternoon with a pizza and a bottle of wine, both left unfinished as he and Alice made love in almost every room in the house. Their blazing hot affair lasted about six weeks, just long enough for both of them to get worn out, but...,"
"... by books end," Elle whispered, "they were still sneaking off... even the night of Roy's wedding, neither of them growing tired of the feel of each other."
"The whole book in an afternoon," I offered, "what did you think when you were finished?
With a really nice smile on her lips, Elle shook her head and said, "I was ready to start the vibrator again... when I heard a, "Hey..." from behind me..."
Now what?
"Another unexpected visitor," I reluctantly asked, "or did you recognize the voice?"
"Yes, and yes," she not so reluctantly admitted.
But before I could ask the follow up... she continued, "Yes, he was unexpected, but I did recognize the voice. However, before I stood up, I checked my bathing suit, and found that I needed to cover myself, both the top and the bottom in the same condition they'd been in when Don had arrived..."
"... and I didn't want his son Sean to find me the same way."
I couldn't help myself... "This would be the same Sean you'd exposed yourself in front of... that same morning?"
A wicked smile, "The very same!"
"So, what did you do?"
"Initially, I ignored him... but then he called out, "Mrs. Adams...?
"I sat up and turned around, looking at him... but wondered... out loud, "Sean... what are you doing here?"
He held out TJ's towel... "Returning this."
"Oh, thank you... but you didn't have to... TJ could have done that."
Intrigued, I asked, "What was his demeanor? You said that in the morning, he'd just stood there looking at you, stunned by your appearance. Was he still in that same mode?"
"I couldn't... well, I was still sitting, and he was behind the chair so he really couldn't see anything but my legs..."
"Okay... but how did he sound?" as I tried to get her to be more specific, "Did he sound confident, uneasy..., I mean that was a pretty flimsy excuse for him to be there."
"I guess he sounded normal, like an eighteen or nineteen year old should sound... but just hearing him say something was an improvement over the morning... but I could still see the look on his face when he opened the door... his eyes got so big and his chin dropped... so I stood up and turned around so I could see what his reaction would be this time."
Never one to miss an opportunity, I smiled and said, "And I'm sure that with your cover-up missing... he could see twice as much of you."
Smiling back, she kissed my nose and said, "By his reaction... you're probably right."
"What... did he attack you...?" her answer too flippant.
"Better than that," she cooed, "he took two steps away from me!"
That was interesting.
Although I could sympathize with the kid, an encounter with Elle under any circumstances could be daunting, but one would think that a young man, with a year of college experience at a well-known "Party School," would have, somewhat, prepared him for such a situation. But it seemed that he would need some more, "seasoning," before confronting our girl.
Despite that, I asked, "So what did you do then?"
"I just continued to stand there, ten feet in front of him... with the two of us staring at one another, until he... kind of mumbled, "Do you always dress like that?"
"Dress like what?" I answered, a little annoyed.
"Dress like you are now..." pointing at me."
She still looked annoyed.
"So, I took a deep breath and said, "Sean... I'm in my backyard, sitting by my pool, reading a book and enjoying a nice afternoon. There isn't anyone home, except me, so I believe that I can wear anything I like... or even nothing at all, and not be a threat to anyone. Does that make sense to you?"
Now looking completely bewildered, he looked down at his feet, muttering, "Well what about this morning... you were already dressed like that."
Looking at me, she laughed, "I couldn't believe he was that naïve. I mean Trey is only a year older that this kid, and he's a hundred years more worldly."
"From all that you've told me, that's most likely true. But Trey's life experiences were already one hundred times more worldly than Sean's... by the time Trey was fifteen. Apples and oranges," I told her.
She was quiet, thinking about what I'd just said.
Then she cocked her head, smiled and asked, "But would it have been the same if I'd been flirting and exposing myself to Sean... like I did with Trey?"
I shrugged and asked her, "What does Sean's father do for a living?"
"He works at some financial company in Providence. What does that have to do with anything?"
"Apples and Oranges," I told her. "Trey was able and willing to help his dad. That helped him grow-up with a sense of responsibility. Sean never had that opportunity... so it's going to take him some time to grow up."
"Okay, I understand that. But what he lacks in responsibility... he more than makes up for it with... doing what he's told."
"Which means what?" with a shake of my head.
We were still naked in bed, facing each other, the scent of our sexual encounter still lingering...,
This was her story:
"He was still just standing there looking at me, so I said, "Sean... come over here." As he walked towards me, I turned and face the pool, so that when he stopped in front of me... I pushed him into the water...!"
I gave her a surprised look, but she put her index finger to her lips and shushed me... I ran my fingers over my lips... zipping them shut.
"He came up sputtering... "What'd you do that for!"
"This," I yelled at him and jumped in after him!"
"Really," I deadpanned, without unzipping my mouth... "You jumped into the pool with him. Do you have a Death Wish?"
"What... it was still hot, and I still had a buzz on from the Sangria and the book. He was there... and he looked really cute and all grown up and... even after using the vibrator and getting myself off... I don't know how many times... I was still horny."
Shaking my head... while rolling my eyes, I couldn't believe...
No... I could believe, because at this point... she had absolutely no restraints. If the thought popped into her head... why not!
So, I picked my head up, resting it in my hand... and listened.
Looking at me, waiting... so when I didn't say anything more...
"So I was splashing him and jumping on his shoulders and trying to dunk him, and then he started to laugh and fight back... and my top came off and he got a really serious look on his face and I took my hands and put them on the sides of his head and pulled his face to my tits and rubbed them in his face and he started to lick and kiss them and I was holding his head and then he stopped and looked up at me and stood up and as soon as he stood up I put my hand in his crotch and his cock was stiff as a flagpole..."
"Flagpole...?" I thought, "Jesus, that's the worst adjective I'd ever heard to describe a hard on... where does she come up with this stuff?
But I didn't say a thing.
"... and as soon as I touched him... he kind of... I guess he growled... like and he kissed me on the lips and I kissed him back and he was rubbing me... my tits and my ass and then he stuck a finger in my pussy and then another finger and he was practically picking me up with his fingers inside me... so I stopped him and told him to sit on the edge of the pool and then I undid his shorts and pulled them and his boxers off and pushed his legs apart and I started to rub his cock and it was... and I'm not kidding... it was the longest and hardest cock I've ever seen and I put it in my mouth and started to suck on it and lick it and then I told him to move closer to the edge and then pushed him backward and he was resting on his elbows and I was licking him everywhere and sucking on him and then sucking his balls and then I told him to lay flat and when he did I lifted his balls out of the way and started to lick his asshole and I was stroking him with my hand and licking his ball and sucking on them and then licking his asshole and he started to moan and I put his cock back in my mouth and I was fingering his ass and squeezing his balls and all of a sudden he squirted into my mouth and I could barely keep it all inside... and even after I swallowed it all and I was still licking and sucking on him... it kept on coming out... God it was so fucking sexy."
Father and son... in a span of less than three hours.
WTF!
But... by now, I'd given up on worrying about her irresponsible behavior. If she got caught, I was positive she wouldn't give me up. The whole thing could be written off as a lapse of judgement on her part... no big deal.
At least that was how she was going to play it.
Me?
D' Nile isn't just a river in Egypt.
"Did you get him out of there without him having to retrieve something from the house for you?" I asked.
"Actually, I climbed out of the pool, took his hand and led him to my lounge chair..."
I gave her a look and she waved at me dismissively, continuing to tell me what happened.
"I wrapped him in a towel and took his clothes into the house to dry them. While I was in there, I grabbed a bottle of Chardonnay and two glasses..."
"Really Elle..." as I shook my head, "you left him naked by the pool and now you're going to ply him with alcohol. Kid is what... nineteen or twenty? Were you going to drive him home too?"
(coming from a guy who'd wined, dined and seduced Elle's eighteen-year-old daughter Kim only a week before, ("Show & Tell - Chapter 38") I was being... just a little bit hypocritical... but trying to make a point)
"No, I wasn't going to get him drunk," she remarked, "I wanted to wrap us both up in that towel and just cuddle. And if he'd let me, I was going to read him some of the book."
"That... what would make you think about something like that?"
"I don't know... I was just so... I was... what's that word you use instead of "satisfied?"
"Sated."
"That's it. I was just so sated... I wanted to... not move, but sip my wine, feel his warmth and relax. The book...? It had made me think about where I'd come from since we started our... not affair, because that sounds... like we're doing something wrong. No, since we started our romance... and you've given me so much confidence in myself... and the book reminded me of... me, and I wanted to see if Sean would see that too."
She wanted... this kid to see her in the same light as the subject of the autobiography... by reading him certain excerpts from her adventures?
Based on what I'd heard so far, she had two chances... slim and none... and slim had just left the yard!
But we'll see.
"So we were wrapped in the towel, occasionally sipping the wine, and I was reading about Alice's first night in Paris... and the young college student flirting with her... and how that led to them having drinks and then dinner... his apartment and breakfast the next morning..."
Interrupting, I asked how specifically the author had recounted their first sexual encounter. Had she revealed the intimacy of that encounter?
"Oh yes..." she breathlessly responded, actually recounting their lovemaking in detail.
"And how did Sean react to this revelation?"
"As well as I had hoped." she mischievously replied, "He asked me how I would have reacted... which caused me start to play with him, describing how I would seduce a younger man."
SON OF A BITCH!
She'd known what she was doing all along.
She'd been biding her time, using her wiles to allow him to use his teenage recuperative powers to get him excited again.
Well done... very well done.
Smiling, I silently urged her to continue.
"So I was getting him excited and he started to kiss me... really kiss me, like we were going to make love and I was rubbing him and kissing him back and... then I started to kiss my way to his crotch, stopping and licking and gently biting his nipples, my fingers just brushing up and down his cock and his whispered... "Rub my balls like that," so I held his cock with my right hand, and let the fingers of my left hand brush his balls... moving them from side to side... and then I started kissing and licking my way down... still lightly brushing his cock and balls... until I had my face in his crotch and I let my mouth replace my fingers on his cock and used both hands to massage his balls and then let my fingers slip between his legs so I was rubbing them over his asshole and he started to groan... and then he... he moved... and he forced himself around so that his face was in my crotch and he started to lick my pussy... spreading my lips open with his fingers and pushing his tongue inside me and he was really pushing his tongue deep inside me and... and I moved a little to the side so that I could continue to suck on his cock and play with his balls... and that made him grab my ass and force my crotch harder against his face and he pushed his tongue deeper inside me and I couldn't stand it anymore and I started to cum... I was pushing back against him and moaning and crying and then he just pushed me again so that I was on my back and he had his face between my legs and he was kneeling with my head between his legs and I pushed my face up into his ass and I was licking and fucking his asshole with my mouth and now he was crying and moaning and I knew I had to have him inside me... so I pushed him and told him to lay down on his back and I waited for him and once he was settled... I straddled his hips and I held his cock in my hand and slowly pushed back on him until he was inside me and then we both started to move and I waited for him to catch up and then we were moving together and his cock felt like the big dildo you bought me only it was better and we were moving and he was filling me up and I was starting to cum again and I opened my eyes and looked at him and he had this look like he was going to fuck me until I couldn't take any more and I wanted him to do just that so I pushed back even harder against him and I was getting even more excited and I bent over and put my face right up against his and I said, "Slap my tits..."
It is no secret that, as our affair had proceeded, I'd introduced all manner of sexual enterprise. The vast majority had born fruit, some to a higher degree than others.
However, one area that I had explored, "Sadism and Masochism," (S&M) was kind of an orphaned child, something I had no real knowledge of or need to educate myself. My one "real" introduction to that culture, had come on my "date" with college girl Kim, and that all of a year earlier. ("Show & Tell" - Chapter 31)
That said, having listened to Elle's narrative of her seduction of the nineteen-year-old Sean... and then her, "demand" that he, "... Slap my tits..." had me wondering where that had come from?
I started to pay closer attention to her story.
"... he looked at me and continued to push his cock into me as the two of us rocked back and forth... but I wanted more."
"Leaning even closer to his face, I hissed, "SLAP MY TITS," spittle from my mouth hitting his nose, eyes and mouth... causing his eyes to flash as he pushed and held me upright with his left hand... and slapping my tits weakly with his right. I slapped his hand away from my chest and this time I yelled at him, "Hit me you little faggot..." and I actually spit in his face...!"
Now she paused and looked at me... expecting, I guessed, me to question her motives for this, even for her, behavior.
I reached out with my right index finger and touched her pursed lips... waiting a second before asking, "And...?"
Before answering, she took my finger with her right hand and slipped it into her mouth... where she erotically sucked on it until I felt my cock suddenly stirring. Luckily... she didn't notice... or that would have been the end of her account!
"... and he grabbed me by my neck and slapped me across the face... hard and I was so stunned that I sat up on his abdomen and then he slapped my right tit and then slapped my tits again and then he sat up and twisted off the lounge and threw me sideways so my shoulders head and neck were hanging off one side and my legs off the other side and he climbed on top of me and pushed himself between my legs and started to fuck me and he leaned way over and slapped my face again and then he spit in my face and kept fucking me and I was getting so fucking excited that I picked my head up and called him a, "... fucking little faggot," again... and he slapped my face and pulled away from me... then reached across the lounge and grabbed my head and pulled me into a sitting position and spit in my face again and then threw me sideways and pushed my head down onto the cushion and he started to slap my ass and my back and my shoulders and I couldn't stop him and tell him what I wanted so I just pulled my knees up... which threw him off balance and I then picked my ass up in the air and yelled at him... "Fuck MY Ass... Fuck MY Ass... HARD!" and he never even hesitated...
He slapped my ass again and again and then he knelt behind me and he pushed his cock into my ass and he started to fuck me and he reached around me and grabbed my tits and then my nipples and he was twisting them and pinching them and fucking my ass and I thought I was going to pass out. I was so fucking excited that I started to squirt and he had all this fluid running down his legs and he kept squeezing my tits and pinching my nipples and then I reached under my crotch and grabbed his balls and started to pull on his balls and all of a sudden his whole body stiffened and he came in my asshole."
Her eyes were looking at mine and her whole face was lit up... a smile on her lips and in her eyes...
And I pulled her close... grinned at her and then flipped her over, pulled her ass up and I fucked her again, the same way the kid had... I guess?
Once I was done, we spooned again..., me trying to catch my breath, Elle purring. Finally, taking a deep breath, I ran my left index finger up her jaw line and asked, "How did it end?"
Rolling over, she kissed me and held my face in her hands, just looking into my eyes again. Finally she said, "He dropped onto the lounge and knelt back on his ankles, and when I turned over and looked at him... he had the blank look on his face... like he was lost... or didn't know what happened to him. So, I asked, "What?"
"Where are my clothes?"
"In the dryer," I told him.
"He got up, walked into the house and was gone for about five minutes. When he came back out... he was dressed, and he was drinking a beer..."
"I was so tired I could barely sit up. So, were we looking at each other and he finally said, "You asked me why I came over here and I want you to know that it was for two reasons? First, because of how you were dressed this morning. I figured you'd still be wearing that bathing suit and I wanted to be able to look at you again..."
"I was laying naked on the lounge chair, so I smiled at him and said, "Satisfy your curiosity?"
"He just nodded, so I asked, "And what was the second reason?"
"Now he smiled at me, looking at me from head to toe and said, "My father."
WHAT!
Before I could react beyond that... she put her finger on my lips and said, "I bolted up off the chair and looked him, "Your father, what does he have to do with this?"
"Nothing... other than..." as he took a sip of beer, "I was in the kitchen when he walked into the house with your husband's baseball glove in his hand and a look on his face that I'd never seen before. Then he looked at me and I asked him, "You okay?"
He shook his head and said, "Fucking Elle Adams."