Hi, My name is Anne. I am twenty-six years old and live on the north side of Brisbane. I have a little quirk that has caused me almost intolerable anxiety and apprehension. On the bright side, with help from my husband's wicked imagination, I have been driven to some incredible heights of arousal. My little quirk, I can't resist a dare. The more exposed I might be and the higher the risk of being caught, the harder it is for me to refuse.
Trust me, I've tried, but when it comes to crunch time, my resolve crumbles, and I give in.
In the beginning, my dares started as self-dares and slowly grew from there. The dares began to change as my body changed, and the dares became more daring. For example, walking to my bedroom from the bathroom started with me wrapped in a towel, then holding the towel in front of me, then carrying the towel, then no towel. All while my whole family was home. Also, depending on the lessons I had, I would spend my school day without underwear. My young developing tits wobbled like jelly each time I moved. My wet virginal pussy and my tingly clit made their presence felt.
As I grew older, some of my old dares became the norm, like not wearing underwear more often than I did. Some favourite ones followed me, but I usually tried to do something new when I was in the mood.
My first self-imposed pizza dare was a girl from my class at school. Amazingly we stood at the door and chatted for what seemed like ages before she told me that I was her first Pizza Darer. All the boys had had at least one, but she hadn't, probably because she was a girl. She told me that she would wait a while before she started bragging about it so that boys wouldn't find out where I lived. I thanked her, and she left. She smiled every time she saw me after that.
The boyfriend that became my husband, Ian, has known about my quirk since day one, possibly longer since we were at the same school. Sometimes your darkest and deepest girlfriend secrets get found out, especially on sleep-over nights. Ian's wicked imagination gets put to good use, pushing my boundaries, if I have any, every time. Most of his dares have me on the edge of my orgasm for the duration, and I have been so aggressive in trying to get some relief our lovemaking, my reward, could be construed as something else.
What I have written below is not one story but a collection of my memorable experiences in no particular order.

~~oo0oo~~

My Office
One day we were sitting at home having breakfast before leaving for work when Ian asked me about my day. I told him I would be at my desk all day and had a meeting before lunch. He asked me who would be at the meeting, and I explained that it was just the usual four area managers. It didn't click that Ian might be up to something. He knew who would be at the meeting because he would be there too. We were area managers in the same company, and it was my turn to host our monthly meeting in my office.
"I dare you," Ian stated, and I froze. I was surprised because we hadn't done dares for a while. Remembering the questions, I suddenly thoughtFuck, a dare at work. Christ, I hope not. My apprehension launched at light speed.
"I dare you to sit behind your desk for the duration of the meeting, naked from the waist down," My mouth fell open, and I was speechless. We had never included our workplace in my dares before, so the risk potential was out there.
After we left the house and stood beside our car, Ian kissed me and repeated the magic words, "I dare you." He guided his hands up under my skirt, took hold of my g-string panties and slid them down my legs. I stepped out of them, and he picked them up and put them in his pocket. Removing my panties, if I was wearing any, in public was one of my favourites.
"There, that should make it easier," he said before pecking me on the lips, patting me on the bum and repeating, "I dare you."
All morning I sat at my desk, tormented by his words. When the meeting time came around, I wriggled my bum in my chair, edging my skirt down, and let it slip down around my feet. The other managers and Ian came through the door a few minutes later, and our meeting got underway. My apprehension about the lack of attire faded further from my thoughts as discussions increased and time passed.
The meeting was coming to an end when my predicament came rushing back. I went to move my feet and had to look down to see what they were tangled in. When I looked at Ian, he winked and then smiled at me. I was starting to wonder why he continued to sit there after the others had left when he stood up and moved to the front of my desk, effectively blocking the view from the door.
"I dare you to take your bra off," Ian said.
I looked at him with almost pleading eyes but inwardly smiled at the thought that our little game wasn't over. I unclipped my bra and was about to do that woman thing with it, but he coughed into his hand, and I knew straight away that my blouse was to come off first. "I dare you to take your bra off," he repeated. Thoughts of,I'm going to be naked in my officefilled my mind. My nipples throbbed and stretched harder, and my pussy almost gushed.
With feigned reluctance and shaking hands, I began undoing the buttons on my blouse, slipped it off my shoulders, and then did the same with my bra straps before lifting my blouse back into place and doing it up. Ian stepped around beside me, picked up my bra from my lap, and then knelt and picked up my skirt. He then pulled my g-string from his pocket and added it to his collection. Without saying a word, he walked out of my office carrying them in his hand. If anyone had seen him, it would have been blatantly obvious what they were and who wasn't wearing them anymore.
I just sat there, astounded and as nervous as I'd ever been. Not to mention incredibly aroused. My nipples were so hard they were aching, and I had been sitting on tissues since I got to my office.
Ian returned about ten minutes later with our lunches, and he sat on the other side of my desk, constantly looking at my unsupported tits and pokie nipples. The more he ogled me, the hotter I got. He never once offered to return my clothing. The longer the day wore on, the more I relaxed, and the further my almost nakedness drifted from my mind. At times, I got irritated by having to wear my blouse, but that passed each time someone walked by my office door.
The ride home that afternoon was a foggy blur. Ian had given my skirt back so I could get to our car. As soon as we got to the car, my fingers were in my pussy, and my first orgasm arrived as we left the car park. The second at a set of traffic lights. The third was at the shopping centre while Ian got some essentials for dinner. The fourth, after dinner, when Ian's tongue replaced my fingers as I sat in my lounge chair. My fifth in bed with Ian between my legs and his beautiful cock where I needed it most.

~~oo0oo~~

The Restaurant
Ian and I joined our friends Jack and Ebony for dinner once a month, and we took turns picking a place to eat. The restaurant Ian had chosen was small and quaint but also had a very comfortable and cozy feel. When we arrived and entered, our host showed us to our table, which was a semi-private banquette. Our heads and the top of our shoulders were visible above the seats.
We ordered drinks and started into our usual chatter and catching up on things since our last get-together. They are good friends and fun people. Ebony, a teacher, made us laugh when she told us about her male students and how they try to look down her blouse at her boobs when she bends over. Their eyes were always glued to the hem of her skirt, waiting for that nano-second glimpse of panties.
Ebony told us that a few boys almost fell out of their desks one day. She had tried reaching for something on a high shelf but couldn't get it, so she gave a little jump. When Ebony had jumped and came down, her skirt was still on the up and had reached well above mid-thigh before it fell back into place. My tits bounced as well, she added. We were laughing so hard that we all had tears in our eyes.
She then surprised us by saying that if the boys had fallen on the floor, they wouldn't have seen her panties anyway because she hadn't worn any. Jack smiled. Ian nearly choked, and I giggled and blushed as I suddenly remembered I was sans any underwear.
After our main course and a few drinks, I felt Ian shift closer to me and put his lips against my ear.
"I dare you to fondle Ebony's tit," Ian whispered. He had never dared me to touch another woman before. Although I must admit, thoughts of being with Ebony had crossed my mind quite a few times over the years I have known her.
Sitting there thinking about fondling Ebony's tit in the restaurant, in public, stoked my inner fires. When she shifted her arm, I lifted and guided my hand under her tit, cupping it, supporting it, and holding its weight.
She was talking at the time and stuttered when she felt my touch. I watched her nipple quickly harden and noticed her look down at my hand and then turn her head toward me. Our eyes met, and I sensed that there wasn't to be any protest. The conversation at our table continued as if nothing was happening. My fingers began exploring the soft but firm sponginess of her tit. Her eyes slid slowly shut and then reopened, still looking into mine. Like me, Ebony wasn't wearing a bra.
The more I gently kneaded her tit, the more she wanted. She turned slightly in her seat, pushed her tit a bit firmer into my hand, and faintly purred.
With my thumb and index finger on each side of her nipple, I gently pinched. Her eyes fluttered as the pressure from my fingers increased. I gave it a little roll and twist. Ebony's eyes sagged shut again, and she almost moaned. I felt her nipple grow even firmer, so I gave it another gentle squeeze and twist. This time Ebony quietly moaned. Her eyes slowly opened when I relaxed my fingers and then dragged my fingernails across her tit's tender under flesh as I took my hand away. A look of disappointment veiled her face.
Sometime later, after a few more wines, Ian dared me to play with Ebony's tit again, which I gladly did. This time, I made sure my hand was under her dress. My hand was still kneading Ebony's tit and gently rolling her nipple back and forth when the waitress served our dessert. After placing the bowls on the table, she briefly stood and watched. We saw her nipples harden, and she smiled before turning away.
Our night out ended after coffee, and we said our goodbyes to each other on the footpath before going our own way. Ebony pulled me into a kiss that lasted considerably longer than one would expect, then softly whispered in my ear. "My turn next time," She gave me another peck on the lips then they left.
Half an hour and two orgasms later, Ian drove out of the car park with me lying across the back seat naked and sated, almost.
What our partners didn't know was that, after Ian first dared me, Ebony's fingers had spent a considerable amount of time caressing the inside of my thigh, barely millimetres from my pussy. She knew I was sans underwear because one of her fingers had glided down that little valley between thigh and pussy. The side of her finger had rubbed against my pussy, paused, checked, and then continued its caressing. Ebony had looked at me both at her discovery and because I sucked in a little gasp of breath. We both had given each other a knowing look.

~~oo0oo~~

Our Local Pub
My dare was to make out with another woman, a stranger. Sex with her was entirely up to me. After my little venture with Ebony, we decided it might be fun to go to the next level and added my OhMiBod for good measure.
The walk through the park to our local pub was far too short. I spent the entire time being teased by the ever-changing rhythms of the vibrations. The tempo was gallingly constant. Not too fast, not too slow, just right to keep me hovering. I had to hold onto Ian's arm to stop myself from stumbling quite a few times.
When we arrived, there was a bucks night in full swing, and apart from the three topless, practically naked women there to serve drinks to the party-goers, I was the only female in the beer garden. Ian had entered after me and through a different door. He was sitting at the bar with his phone out and within range.
I don't know if it was me being obviously braless or just the mood with the three topless women, but the revellers made endless approaches and requests for me to make it four. When the stripper turned up, their aim changed to me joining her. Free drinks and monetary offers were plenty. I eventually relented and told them I would sit on the groom's lap and kiss him. A roar of cheers erupted at my yielding.
A few seconds later, the slightly embarrassed groom was shunted through the small crowd and sat in the chair next to me. I stood up, moved over and sat down on his lap. The vibrator in my pussy suddenly accelerated. Up to then, I had been distracted by the crowds goading. Now I was distracted by the vibrations.
When I got my surroundings back in focus, I said to the groom, "I hope your new wife is very understanding," and went to kiss him. He turned his head slightly, and his lips ended up near my ear. "She is. That's her in the blonde wig. They don't know." I glanced over, and smiling at us was one of the waitresses, a blonde. She was naked except for a g-string that had money tucked in it. I looked back at the groom and gave him a wink and more than a peck on the cheek. Again the vibrations sped up, almost making me moan. The groom's hand finding my tit didn't help either. The roar from his friends was deafening.
I was losing control and put my hand over his, held it in place for a few seconds, and then lifted it away. He tweaked my nipple as his fingers went past. I was on the verge of succumbing when my OhMiBod stopped. I broke the kiss and stood up. I could feel the heat in my face and chest, my nipples were so hard they throbbed, and my pussy felt very wet. I headed to the lady's restroom, hoping to calm down. My braless tits bounced and wobbled erratically, and my nipples, as hard as granite, looked like they were trying to cut their way out through the front of my dress.
When I got to the ladies, I leaned against the bench to catch my breath. The door opened behind me, and the blonde walked in. She stepped up, took me in her arms and kissed me. My OhMiBod suddenly burst into life. I couldn't help groaning into her kiss. When our lips parted, we looked into each other's eyes then she moved away from me.
"I thought I'd check out what got my husband to be all hot and bothered,"
I smiled, thought of my dare, stepped back, lifted my dress over my head and threw it on the counter.
"Mmmm... Nice, very nice," she stated as she looked me up and down. She grinned when she saw my OhMiBod's little tail but didn't say anything.
She then lifted her hands to my tits, briefly tested their weight and touched them so lightly and softly that I got goosebumps. Her fingers worked their way to my nipples. I couldn't help pushing my chest out. "Very nice indeed," she murmured. Her fingers rocked and rolled my nipples back and forth, gently pinching and pulling.
She continued the visual inspection of my body, letting her hands glide across my skin so light it felt like a feather. Fingers traced lines around my hip and across my stomach, making the muscles flutter, then made their way up to my tits. Both hands raked their fingernails across the sensitive under-flesh. I moaned and pushed my chest at her for more.
I couldn't wait any longer and pulled her to me and re-initiated our kiss. Our hands roamed wild and free over each other's bodies. I moaned loud and long when I felt her hand fan out, then grip and squeeze my bare bum cheek, digging her nails into the firm flesh.
The blonde, a redhead under the wig, broke the kiss, and we both stood in each other's arms, breathless.
I felt fingers burrow under my g-string, then part, sliding each side of my pussy's slit and stopped when they bumped against my vibrator. She could probably feel the vibrations. Her fingers gripped the vibrator's tail, then pulled and pushed it back and forth. My eyes drooped, and I moaned. My orgasm was so close.
"I need to go back to work. My husband-to-be was right. You've got a great set of tits," she told me as her hand moved out from under my g-string, dragging a finger up between my pussy's lips. It glided smoothly in all my pussy juice toward my clit. My hips helped by rolling, offering more of me to touch. I groaned when her finger left without touching my clit, and I opened my eyes to see her slide her finger into her mouth. She licked and sucked it clean then we kissed. The most morally destroying kiss I had ever had, and then she was gone.
I stood there, almost naked, leaning on the counter, trying to calm myself. I couldn't, not with my OhMiBod persistently vibrating in my pussy. I had only been in the restroom for what felt like minutes, and I was already thinking about more girl-on-girl action.
Another little surprise awaited me when I adjusted my g-string back into place. A little card fell out. I looked at it and read the name and telephone number. I don't know if what happened in the lady's restroom fulfilled my dare, but the little card I handed to my husband was proof that something had taken place. I just smiled.
The normally fifteen-minute walk from the pub to our place took an hour that night. Ian took my dress off and ate my pussy as I mauled my great set of tits, leaning against a big old gum tree. I rode Ian, to two orgasms, on the first bench seat. He bent me over the second table and fucked me from behind. He fucked me again on the stage of the outdoor auditorium. I was finger fucked at our front gate as I held onto our letterbox. Ian enticed me, didn't take much, to masturbate as I leaned against our front door, on the outside, facing the street.
We went inside, and after a shower, he ate my pussy and fucked me on the kitchen table. After that, he carried me to our bedroom and put me to bed. I lost count of my orgasms and didn't care. However many there were, it was a welcome relief after what the waitress did to me.
Early the next day, I texted Ebony.My Place N&A XO. She arrived ten minutes later, Naked & Alone.

~~oo0oo~~

The X-Rated Theatre
I've mentioned before that my husband Ian has a wicked imagination. Well, this is the only dare I have ever come very close to not completing.
Friday night is our eat-out night. We don't do it every Friday, only when we feel like a change to the usual eat-in routine. Ian had already told me we were eating out tonight, so I hadn't planned anything for dinner. When we got home, we showered, had a drink then got dressed to go out. As I was getting dressed, Ian said he had bought me a gift and wanted me to wear it. When I asked what it was, he told me its a surprise, and I had to lay on the bed with my legs spread to accept it. I looked at him with suspicion but decided to play along.
As I got into position, he took this thing out of its box and showed me. It looked like a very large tadpole and was this brilliant pink colour. I suspected what it was and what he was about to do with it. By this time, my pussy was already wet with anticipation. I watched as he smeared some of my lubricant over it, then gently eased it into my pussy. Its tail, about one hundred millimetres long, hung out of my pussy.
Ian held his hand out and helped me off the bed. As soon as I was standing, the thing he'd put in my pussy started to vibrate. I gasped, leaned forward slightly, and squeezed my thighs together. Ian smiled at me and explained that my new toy was an OhMiBod. I saw the devil in his grin and knew it was game on. He was going to dare me to do something, and this thing in my pussy was part of it. My nipples got hard, my pussy got wetter, and my apprehension levels went through the roof.
By the time I had pulled on my button-up dress and was good to go, my new gift was having its desired effect. Ian could tell I was already under its spell and smiled at me. "Having fun," he asked as the OhMiBod changed rhythm, and all I could manage in reply was a hum. We climbed into our car, and he drove down the driveway and out the front gate. Ian started to explain the intricacy of my new toy, making me concentrate on what it was doing to me even more. My eyes drooped shut, and my hips began to rock.
I felt the car come to a stop and opened my eyes. Ian had parked in front of an adult shop. He told me we were going to watch a movie before we went to dinner and got out. I followed along sheepishly, having never been in one of these places before, and it certainly wasn't my idea of a movie theatre. Ian led me down a hallway and into a room that looked exactly like a small movie theatre. I quickly looked around and noticed another couple, two men sitting separately and two women sitting together. We selected our seats and didn't have to wait long before the lights dimmed.
As the movie started, Ian put his lips against my ear and whispered, "I dare you not to touch yourself,"
I pulled back and looked at him just as the OhMiBod accelerated. I almost doubled over with the sudden rush of pleasure and looked at him through rapidly glazing eyes. I sat back in my seat, which just happened to be one of those very comfortable recliners. My fingers found the controls, and I made myself comfortable.
The vibrations from my new toy were constantly changing, speeding up, slowing down, and different combinations of short, long, fast and slow. This thing was rapidly becoming my new best friend. My hands gripped the arms of the chair, and my eyes locked on the big screen. My hips began to rock with more determination. My tits jostled erratically. I looked back at him with a face that looked like I was pleading for leniency. I didn't get any.
As the movie got underway, Ian leaned over, slowly undoing the buttons on my dress, then tucked it down each side of me. I was so captivated by the ever-changing vibrations and the action on the screen I didn't consider trying to stop him. There I was, almost naked, in a porno shop theatre with a vibrator doing wild and crazy things to my pussy. Ian leaned over and breathed my dare into my ear. I looked at him pleadingly and groaned with resignation, then looked back at the screen.
My thoughts blended with the action on the screen. One of my hands moved to my hip. The other approached a tit. Lips touched my ear. I silently pleaded before my hands reluctantly moved back to the chair. The roller coaster of vibrations pushed me closer to the edge, then faded away to almost nothing before returning and staying longer each time. I was frantic with denial. Desperation screaming for release. I had lost all track of time and place, then the movie ended, and the lights came on.
I just laid there, slumped in my chair, my body glistening and gasping for breath. My legs spread as far apart as I could get them, and the OhMiBod's tail flicked about with the movement of my hips. The other people in the theatre filed past me on their way out, and I couldn't have cared less.
Ian helped me to stand, buttoned my dress, and then we walked outside. My body had calmed down, but my toy was still doing its thing, keeping me on the boil. It wasn't until we started walking down to the next block to pick up our Chinese takeaway that I realised Ian had left nearly all my dress buttons undone. He had done up two out of twelve, leaving my dress open from neck to navel and hip to knee. The thought of flashing anyone who walked past us added to my seriously aroused predicament.
As we approached the takeaway, a couple came around the corner in front of us. The OhMiBod accelerated. My legs nearly buckled, and I grabbed hold of a street sign. There was no way for me to stop my fingers from diving at my pussy. My dress gaped open, exposing my wobbling tits as a massive wave of shudders racked my body. My hips thrust wildly as my fingers slid between my pussy lips and found my clit. The scene before me, my husband and the couple exploded into a shower of sparks and flashing colours.
I heard a faint voice declare it was coming, a split second before a barrage of fireworks detonated in my head and my groin. The two remaining buttons on my dress broke free, and my dress slipped from my shoulders. Wave after lessening wave crashed over the rocks showering my skin with unbelievable tingling sensations. I could feel myself begin to fall, and an arm quickly wrapped around me and held me up. My rubber legs were useless. My best friend slowed but didn't stop and took me with it. My breathing slowed, and my vision cleared.
The woman stood before me, holding my chin with her fingers. She leaned in and kissed me, her tongue dancing in my mouth.
"You look amazing when you cum," praising me when our lips parted. The woman disappeared from view. I turned my head and watched as the couple vanished into the evening's increasing darkness. Halfway back to our car, I realised I was naked. Ian was carrying my dress, draped over his shoulder. My tits bounced and jiggled erotically as I slowly regained control of my legs.
We ate dinner, sitting on the sand at our local beach, watching the waves roll in. When I'd had enough, I lazily laid back and masturbated. My orgasm came quickly and quietly. I felt like I was swimming in warm honey. Ian waited for my body to settle, turned my OhMiBod off and gently pulled it from my pussy. I was on the verge of sleep when he picked me up and carried me back to our car.

~~oo0oo~~

Settlement Cove
I suspected Ian was up to something when he returned from a shopping trip to North Lakes and handed me a parcel.
He told me he had bought me a new bikini and explained that it was on a website he'd heard about called weasel something. I thought I'd heard the name somewhere but wasn't sure where. When I held it up, I was surprised that it looked modest compared to some I'd seen lately. The bikini was certainly something I would wear on beaches, such as the Gold Coast or Noosa, without offending anyone. It was a g-string, my favourite, and a pretty pale blue.
I decided to try it on in an impromptu fashion show. I unbuttoned my denim mini-skirt and let it fall to the floor. My g-string panties were next, and they drifted to the floor around my ankles. My t-shirt was quickly lifted over my head and dropped on the floor with my skirt. I stood there naked as I worked out how it all tied together. When I finally got there, I instantly fell in love with it.
The bikini bra looked normal. The panel over my pussy looked like a squashed vee. With the valley of the vee level with the top of my mons and the ties on the points. I was impressed. It looked promiscuous without being overly revealing. At the back, there was a much smaller squashed vee at the top of my bum crack.
I did a few twirls, then jumped onto Ian, wrapping my arms and legs around him. I kissed him passionately and told him I'd thank him later for my new bikini. His hands fanned out over my bare bum cheeks and tightened their grip. I almost thanked him there and then, only just quelling the fire with another kiss.
Ian suggested we go down to the Cove, or the duck pond as he calls it, for a swim. I readily agreed to the chance to show off my new bikini.
The weather forecast was hot and sunny, the temperature reaching the high thirties with no foreseeable rain.
When we arrived, he set up our sun lounges, and we settled in under the shade of the trees. There were people everywhere. Settlement Cove is extremely popular during summer and especially during school holidays. It's similar to South Bank in Brisbane, only without the sand. Ian and I are infrequent visitors depending on the weather. Most times, we come down to the Cove a lot earlier in the day to miss the mayhem.
I sat down and settled back into the sun lounge. Ian handed me a drink, and I sipped at it as I watched the multitudes splash their day away. I was daydreaming miles away when I felt Ian take my drink from my hand. When I looked at him, Ian said, "I dare you to take your bikini off under your sarong." and he held my sarong out for me to take.
Thoughts of laying there naked with only my thin sarong as cover flashed through my mind. I was about to say something but decided it wasn't worth it, as I'd give in anyway. I reached out and took my sarong.
He told me to keep my eyes closed and pretend I was asleep so I couldn't hold onto my sarong. A gentle breeze made it flutter every so often against the side of my sun lounge, and the occasional micro-gust threatened to blow it off me. My apprehension was off the scale, and my eyes were darting in all directions, looking for eyes looking back at me. I could feel my nipples getting hard and pressing against my top. My pussy was getting moist just from the thought of being naked under the sarong.
I felt he hadn't finished with the dares, and my hands were shaking as I tugged at the ties of my bikini bra, then pulled it down and out from under the sarong. I handed him the bra top, and my hands went back under and pulled the ties on the g-string panties. I guided my hand to the front panel, held it as I did another visual sweep, and slowly pulled it out. Ian smiled and draped my new bikini over my bag in plain sight of anyone walking past.
The only thing between hundreds of eyes and my naked body was a thin sheet of cotton that I knew exposed a very revealing silhouette of my body if the sun was behind me. Even though the possibility of my sarong floating off in a sudden gust of wind was extremely high, I felt myself start to relax and think of other things, arousing things. I don't know if it was the cool sea breeze or the naughty thoughts making my nipples poke bigger and higher into the material. Their tingling and throbbing calling out for a fondle or maybe even a roll or pinch. My pussy joined the silent chorus as my imagination scripted scene after scene of possibilities.
"I dare you to make yourself cum," Ian said and watched for my reaction. My mouth fell open for a second before I lifted it shut. I was about to tell him I couldn't, not with all these people around. He must have seen the anguish on my face and quickly repeated the dare. I knew I would relent. Masturbating to orgasm at the Cove on a busy Sunday afternoon had just become a foregone conclusion.
My hands tentatively ducked under my sarong. My eyes are alert and looking for any sign of a possible audience. My fingers pressured my nipple. Two fingers slid between my pussy's lips. Still looking, I could feel my arousal accelerating. My thoughts flick from one thing to another. If I spot a watcher, Do I stop or let them know I know? Do I ignore everyone and go for it? It wasn't long before the thought of the closeness to other people and the procession of people walking along the path in front of me. Would one of them suspect, stop and watch? My eyes drooped shut, and I bit my bottom lip to stop the orgasmic sounds I usually make. I couldn't stop my body from responding as it tensed and then arched, pushing my head back. A muffled groan escaped. I couldn't stop it.
As my orgasm slowly faded, my body calmed, and my breathing returned to normal. I was lavishing in the euphoria and enjoying the afterglow. One of my hands was cupping my tit, its thumb and index finger gently rolling my nipple back and forth. My other hand was lightly caressing my pussy as the noise of my surroundings returned to my ears.
I slowly opened my eyes, and standing there in front of me were Jack and Ebony. When I looked down, I noticed the breeze had lifted my sarong and exposed my whole right leg. The edge of the sarong was barely covering my hand, and it was blatantly obvious I was touching myself. They smiled at me and told me I looked amazing. "Mmmmm... Your turn next time," I murmured, then closing my eyes, I went back to my euphoria.
Jack and Ebony were sitting, chatting with Ian when I roused from my slumber. I was still naked under my sarong and relieved that it hadn't blown away while I slept. On the way home, I was given a special treat as a reward, Ebony. In the back of our SUV, the seats lay flat, and a mattress to lie on. Jack and Ebony had done the prep work while I was doing my dare. Ian and Jack sat in the front, and Ian thoughtfully drove around until Ebony had relieved most of my inner tensions.
I got the other half of my reward when we arrived home. Ian and Jack top and tailed me on the kitchen table while Ebony prepared dinner.
If you aren't sure what that is, Ian's cock was in my mouth, and Jack was in my pussy.

~~oo0oo~~

The Grand Final Party
This one was a Jack dare that involved both Ebony and me. Ian was invited along for support.
Jack had volunteered to host the annual AFL Grand Final Day party for his workmates. Everyone was going to meet at Jack and Ebony's place to watch the game, mainly because of their big wall-mounted TV screen. They usually spent the day being blokes, drinking beer, telling dirty jokes and bragging about recent conquests. There was to be a bar-b-que lunch before the game, with snacks to nibble.
They usually got together for all the big games every year, and it had become a bit of a ritual with them taking turns as the host. It seemed more of an excuse to drink than an interest in the sport.
When I got home from work, Jack, Ebony and Ian were waiting for me, sipping their usual drinks. They'd never done this before, and although it was great to see them, I was instantly wary.
After telling us the little get-together was taking place, Jack invited Ian to join them, then turned to Ebony and me and dared us to be their nude hostesses. I was a little taken aback and looked at Ebony. She looked nervous and as though she was about to say no. I asked Jack what he wanted us to do, and he explained that we were to get the drinks when they wanted them and to keep the snack bowls full. We also had to serve them lunch.
Ebony and I had never met any of Jack's workmates, so we felt reasonably sure no one would know us. I was as nervous as I'd ever been, and Ebony looked the same. Jack looked at us both and repeated the dare, and I heard Ebony curse under her breath. We had a week before the game, and each time I spoke to Ebony, she kept telling me how nervous she was and that she was getting more nervous as the day got closer.
Ian and I arrived at Jack and Ebony's place early so that we could help organise things. Jack told us that his mates would probably get here around ten o'clock, and he handed us a couple of masks. They were in the team's colours and looked like those with glitter and feathers that ladies wore to masquerade balls.
At five minutes to ten, Jack's phone pinged, and he told us they were on their way. Ebony and I stripped off and got ready to greet them. Jack came over, then told us he had something else for us and held out his hand. In it were two eggs. He explained that they were vibrating eggs and that the guests would have the controller so that when anyone wanted a drink, all they had to do was press the green button. We lubed the eggs and inserted them into our pussy's. Jack tested them, making me hum and squeezing my thighs together, and Ebony made a quaint little squeak sound. He then put the controller on the table in front of the screen.
Ebony and I greeted each guest at the door and escorted them to the lounge. To say they were surprised was an understatement. We told them that if they needed anything, press the green button. We served everyone their first drink and waited for our eggs to vibrate. The controller was like a nurse call thing. The green button made the eggs vibrate, and the red button stopped them. We weren't allowed to press the red button until we had delivered the drink. The routine was the egg would vibrate, and we would go and ask what drink they wanted and get it for them. When we returned and gave them their drink, we could press the red button to stop the vibrations.
The men cottoned on quickly and started requesting drinks one at a time. I suspected Jack or Ian had told them about the eggs but couldn't prove it. They just smiled when the eggs vibrated, and our legs nearly buckled.
Unbeknown to us, the egg's vibration intensity settings were on Jack's phone, and after each time they vibrated, he changed to the next one. I felt the change, and so did Ebony. We both looked at each other and wondered what else would change. We didn't have to wait long. Things changed when the game started. Not only was Jack changing the intensity, but he was also now changing the rhythm. By halftime, Ebony and I were so close to having an orgasm we only just managed to deliver the requested drinks without spilling them. Our only reprieve was when we pressed the red button.
Play resumed for the final quarter. The scores were very close, so most eyes were on the screen. Jack had reset the controller, so only one egg vibrated. I delivered my drinks order, pressed the red button and returned to the kitchen. When I walked through the door, Jack had Ebony up against the bench, and his hand was between her legs. I could see that his fingers were in her pussy, and she had hold of his wrist with both hands. Her hips rocked back and forth as she pleaded, "Please, Please let me finish."
I was so horny I was about to start touching myself when Jack slid Ebony's egg back in and told her someone needed a drink. She walked over and went out the door. Jack walked up to me and told me to follow him. When we got to the lounge room, the football atmosphere was roaring, only points apart and minutes left. I was standing next to Ebony and heard her whimper. When I looked down, Ian had two fingers in her pussy. I imagine circling her clit. She was holding onto him for support.
I felt two hands slide under my arms and cup my tits. Lips against my ear, "Ebony loves what I do to her nipples. Would you like to try?" whispered Jack. "Mmmm, Yes, Please." I hummed back as I pushed my tits harder into his hands. I don't know how long it took, but I experienced my first nipple orgasm and loved it. It came so fast out of nowhere and left me breathless. "Touch yourself," whispered Jack, and I did willingly.
There we were, standing behind a room full of men hell-bent on watching a game of football while two naked women were having their clits rubbed, forcing them to orgasm right behind them. Through foggy sight and on shaky legs, I held onto Jack for support as my fingers went to work and the egg accelerated. His fingers rolled my nipples and gently squeezed them. I saw Ebony's body shudder, and Ian held her in his arms. A short time later, I did the same, and Jack held onto me. Our men carried us to the main bedroom and laid us down next to each other. The final siren sounded, and the men roared.
Jack and Ian left the room and closed the door behind them. Ian wouldn't want me lying naked, vulnerable and in view on a bed with drunken football supporters down the hall. The eggs had been left inside us and were still doing their thing. Ebony and I looked at each other and shuffled into each other's arms. My next orgasm wasn't long in coming. The egg was doing crazy things inside me as Ebony's tongue danced on my clit. I'm surprised it took as long as it did. Ebony soon suffered the same fate at the end of my tongue.
Sometime later, Our men joined us. They'd ushered the revellers out the door and done a quick clean-up. Our little eggs were turned off and removed. Tongues replaced them, and my orgasm almost lifted me off the bed. The constant push of a cock into my pussy bought on another orgasm, and I gladly succumbed. The body on top of me tensed and groaned, and I felt the warm splattering of cum hit my pussy's walls. Ebony was fairing as well if her moans were anything to go by.
It wasn't until I felt the weight shift on the bed that I opened my eyes and realised Jack had just fucked me, and now he was swapping places with Ian. Ian slid his cock straight into me and hammered my pussy like it was the last one on earth. I heard Ebony wail seconds before my orgasm arrived. My efforts joined the crescendo.
Both men came, this time inside their respective wives, then climbed off the bed and left. Ebony and I rolled together and pulled each other into a deep and meaningful kiss. Ebony broke the kiss and spun around, her mouth in my pussy and mine in hers. After two orgasms each, we napped for a while, then shared a shower before going to see what our men were doing.
Much to their delight, Ebony and I remained naked and willing for the rest of our visit.
.