All in all, life was good. I wasn't ready to get married and start a family quite yet, mainly because the only woman I had deep feelings for had shipped herself off to New York years ago. I was 'surviving', just sailing along successful and satisfied (often), when I received a phone call on a Friday afternoon around 5:00 that started a chain-reaction avalanche.
"Les is Mor, can I help you?"
"Are you Les?" His tone was belligerent.
"Speaking."
"You'll get yours too." There was anger in his threat, and I wondered who else got theirs because of the 'too'. In fact, I wondered what any of it meant, but despite my curiosity I didn't need to hear him explain, so I disconnected. Within 15 seconds, it rang again, and this time I noticed the number. I wasn't surprised when the same hostility interrupted me.
"Les is ..."
"What are your hours?" Disrespect was dripping, and I immediately suspected racial animosity.
"Noon to six, Wednesday through Sunday." There wasn't any respect in my tone either.
"We can't make it then."
"Sorry." I wasn't, and disconnected. I wished for the old phones that could be slammed down so the other end would know you were hanging up in anger.
When it rang again, it was the same number, and I had to fight myself to stop it from going to voicemail. I didn't because I hate automated, impersonal routing that often doesn't let you address the real problem. My policy is to always answer in person during my open hours, and I wasn't going to break my own rule for the first time.
"Les is Mor. Can ..." I was interrupted again.
"Stay open until 7 tonight." A demand without a please. Hearty har har.
"Our hours are noon to six." I was reaching for the disconnect button when he enticed in his own way.
"We will make it worth your time."
"You know our hours. I have plans tonight." I disconnected again.
It was 5:57 when the perfect rich guy-trophy wife-stereotype couple walked in. The man was on the far downhill side of middle age and the young eye candy hanging on his arm was beautiful. He looked familiar but I couldn't place him, and I knew I'd seen her but couldn't remember where. He was tall and lanky, with a shaved head and a mostly gray beard. She was as hot as it gets, and what she wore didn't hide it. They walked right past my sales girl without answering when she said we were closing and they didn't slow until they stood in front of my perch. They both put their left hands on the counter so I could see their matching wedding rings. It was odd, approaching weird.
"I called earlier and asked you to stay open until 7:00." He was as blunt and obnoxious in person, but it was harder to disconnect. I was cold as I tried to hang up anyway. I hoped he could feel the phone slamming down.
"That was not a request, it was a demand, and I already said no."
"You did not. You said you have plans."
"It's the same, and I do."
"We made it before six, and we're going to shop."
Well, I'll give him credit for having balls. I don't know why he thought he could decide what happened in my store, but it was ballsy. And incorrect.
"No, you're not. Come back tomorrow. It's 6:00 and we are now closed."
All the other customers were gone and my sales girls were fidgeting. It was 6:00 straight up. I waved goodbye to my girls, and they were out the door in a flash.
****************
My birth certificate says Les s Moore. That's right, I have a middle initial but no middle name, and that middle initial is neither capitalized nor punctuated. My parents are big on things they think funny, especially my dad, and he likes me to say my name by drawling the s so it sounds like is.
A few people make the connection that my store name is a play on my name, which is partly true, but it mainly comes from the message it conveys. Since Mies Van Der Rohe expounded on it in the 1940's, 'less is more' has been a foundation principle of design. It means that designers, architects, and artists should only use the minimum amount necessary. Extra fluff and stuff doesn't add to the design, it detracts. Minimalism. Simplicity. Form follows function. Less is more.
I think 'less is more', spelled correctly, uses some extra unnecessary letters, so I believe my store name is a more appropriate spelling for the design principle it reflects.
I started Les is Mor with financial backing from my grandfather after I broke two bones in my neck during a fall at a college basketball game. Coach K thought I had a future in pro ball before the fall, but doctors said I didn't after it. They said contact sports were out because another collision or fall could easily paralyze me and might kill me.
Less time playing sports, especially the kind involving collisions, meant more time to do something else I love: designing women's clothes. That love is why I have both a store named Les is Mor and a design studio named Les is Mor with its own label. I only go to my design studio on Monday and Tuesday, although I do have two full time seamstresses that work normal hours Monday through Friday. They are both excellent at turning a sketch into a finished product and they can make necessary alterations to any item that needs it. My time with them early in the week keeps them hopping for the rest of the week.
The hard fall on the court also gave me more time to do something else I love and already did a lot: removing women's clothes before proving that stopping all contact was a doctor's prescription I wouldn't fill.
I awarded myself an MD, so I diagnosed from symptoms and wrote my own prescriptions. They weren't for me and they didn't need to be filled with pills, but they did need filling. They required me to repeatedly fill a patient with the same diagnostic probe needing my care for her affliction. It was not only a contact prescription, it was a prescription that required prolonged close contact, and my office hours were very flexible outside of my store hours.
The store and studio names also reflect the designs I make and the merchandise I stock. I'm a firm believer in the principle when it comes to a woman's body. Less clothing means more skin, and 'les is mor' applies to the interest, the arousal, and the satisfaction both sexes get when the design principle is applied to the most beautiful form in nature.
Draping nature's most beautiful form in minimalist enticement is all I sell in Les is Mor. Some of the draped designs are my own label, but most of them come from other design houses. I stock everything from women's hats to women's shoes, and every piece of minimalism in between, including what gets spritzed, applied, or rubbed on naked skin.
*********************
"There is ten thousand here." He laid a wad on the counter in front of me. It was thick. "It's yours for staying open for one more hour. We might spend more, and I know you can use it."
Well, he had me there. Who couldn't? I'd only had three ten thousand dollar days since I opened nine years ago, and this would be the easiest. I hadn't figured my take for the day, but his addition was likely to make it the first fifteen thousand dollar day.
Money is mainly a record keeping stat for determining how well a business is run, and it would help that stat, but that wasn't enough. I had enough money for my needs and my businesses were doing well. I was about to refuse it when I looked up again.
It was his wife's flirtatious smile at me that sold me. I did have plans, but they could be postponed for an hour. I thumbed through the wad and it looked like nothing but Franklins, so I put it in the safe and locked it.
I spoke to the smile and held her eyes, "My sales girls are gone and I need to make a couple of calls to adjust my plans, then I can assist you. Why don't you look around?"
I watched them as I made my re-arrangement calls, and he held up expensive gowns to see how they would look on her. He was an overt asshole to me, but apparently he doted on his wife and she seemed to fully return his love. Classic Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
Unfortunately, I was on the Mr. Hyde side of his apparent schizophrenia, but no amount of money was going to make me his obsequious 'boy' for the next hour. He was going to get back at least as much as he gave, and it wasn't money I was going to give back. None of the ten big ones in my safe were being refunded.
I was able to contact Lewis Fulton and postpone my 7:00 business dinner, but he said we couldn't get another reservation until 8:30, so I called my 8:30 date to apologize and cancel. That didn't go well, and I thought she was unnecessarily harsh in her refusal to accept my apology. Her disbelief was dripping, and I decided that I didn't need to go another round with her, so I disconnected.
I bet I haven't purposely disconnected ten times in my life, and I had just done it four times in a little over an hour.
When I finished my calls, my disposition was not sunny. I locked the front door, closed all the curtains, and finally approached Mr. Hyde and his gorgeous wife. The clock said 6:16, so more than a quarter of the time he paid for had already elapsed, and I wondered if he would insist on an add on. He wasn't getting one.
"Now, how can I assist you?"
"It's about time. She needs to try these on."
He'd picked three expensive gowns, one of which I'd designed, and each between $1500 and $2000. They could make a big dent in his 'deposit', and I could see the dollar signs bouncing along on the cash register wheel in my head.
"The changing rooms are in the back, by my perch."
"We don't have time for that. She'll just change here."
That smile again, directed my way, but the words were for her husband, "Please unzip me honey."
"He's here to assist." He looked at me and growled, "So do your damn job."
She looked away and found his eyes as she turned her back to me. I unhooked, unzipped, and turned her to face me. She was again smiling and looking into my eyes while I stripped her dress off. My eyes started by locking with hers, but the dress sliding down her body was an irrepressible draw, so I dropped my eyes. As the dress slid off her shoulders and lower, I saw her first reveal.
She wasn't wearing a bra. Her breasts were firm and full, at least a D cup, smooth, tanned, unblemished, and her nipples were engorged. They were the size of a ripe olive, and they looked even tastier. Her pin-up-model breasts jiggled but didn't flop from the shimmy caused by slipping the dress past her hips.

When her dress hit the floor, aside from her stilettos, all she had on was a bikini-sized pair of sheer panties. I could see that her function junction was shaved, moist, and puffy, and that the tight mesh was adhering to and indenting into her slit. Her legs were toned, slim, and long, and her spike heels highlighted the calf muscles. My eyes caressed back upwards, and when I saw her face again, she was still smiling at me.
"Hi Les, I'm Willow."
Suddenly, staying an extra hour wasn't going to be the all-bad torture I'd expected.
Willow was in her early twenties, clearly well under half of her husband's age, and she was about as physically perfect as a woman can be. She was four or five inches shorter than her husband, and I guessed 5'8", 120 pounds, 38-22-35. I have a pretty good eye based on my experience working with models who wear my designs, and I could see immediately that any of the gowns would have to be taken in at the waist. Les is mor.
Her husband handed me the first gown, the one with my label. "You're here to assist, so assist. Put it on."
Nothing but demands and orders from Mr. Hyde, but now his browbeat matched my desire. I smiled at the silver (in my safe) lining on this cloud and also at the beautiful shape forming the body of that cloud. There was still thunder from Mr. Hyde, but the cloud wasn't gray and ominous any longer. It was sleek and wispy and gorgeous.
I held the gown open so she could step into it and I shimmied it up until the shoulder straps were in place. She turned and I zipped the short zipper to the backless gown.
"What do you think honey?"
His answer was loving and gentle to his beautiful wife, "It needs to be taken in at the waist and let out up top. I can see a panty line, but otherwise it's perfect and you are gorgeous in it." He looked at me, and his tone was back to browbeat cold, "Fix it for her."
I muttered as I measured and marked for alterations, and I wasn't as gentlemanly as I should have been. Neither of them complained when I reached inside to see how much could be let out and my fingers grazed nipples. I unzipped without asking and helped her step out of it.
I was holding a second gown for her to step into when the irascible Mr. Hyde obnoxiously ordered, "What about her panty line? I told you to fix it."
"Alright."
I put the gown down and knelt in front of his wife. I looked at him as I hooked my fingers into her skimpy panties and lowered them below her pussy. They were below her ass, so no panty line. I quit looking at him and looked at something a whole lot more interesting. Her pussy was smooth and wet and I could smell it.
"There, no panty line."
"Be sure. Take them off." He was forcing me to do exactly what I wanted to do. Such a tyrant.
"Alright."
**********************
Now this was the Life of Riley on Easy Street. No worry about anything walking away. No need to be alert and watchful. Vigilance required? Zilcho. It wasn't a familiar feeling in my store.
I only sell high-end, quality enticements, so letting somebody pinch one leaves a painful red welt on my sense of justice - and another type of red on my bottom line. I don't really care to squeeze every penny of profit out of every item, which is why my margins are so low, but I do care about honesty and respect for property. I am not some huge corporate behemoth, but even if I was, I would try to stop theft. Stealing is morally wrong, and getting caught can sometimes redirect a person's conscience and sense of ethics.
My store is in North Dallas, and the upscale residences reflect the fact that their inhabitants have enough money to purchase whatever they need or want. If some of my costly enticements walk out without rewarding me with a return on my investment, I take it personally. I do everything to redirect the caught customer's understanding of the meaning of ethical behavior, and I do consider myself to be a morality cop, at least in the respect for property sense.
I watch every customer, and way too many of them try to apply the 100%-off customer discount. I'm good at catching them, and the embarrassment I subject them to means they won't try it again. That shame I lay on them is intended to be both a learning experience and chance to introspect for them. I know there is a guilty conscience inside each of them, and I try to use it. It is also intended to be a warning shot for anybody else who wants to try.
They don't leave with the enticements they hid in purses, pockets, or under clothes, but they do leave with the knowledge that I have recorded evidence of the theft, the recovery, and the public dressing down and warning against doing it again.
I don't file charges, but I have called the police a few times when the 'lady' refused to return what my camera proved she took. Dallas still has police who will try to stop all crime, not just violent crime, and they've been supportive. The word gets around about their support and about my intolerance for the full and total discount.
My clientele is mainly the rich college girls, the trophy wives and adult daughters of powerful men, or the 'dancers' from the many clubs in the area, and all of them have a nasty habit of trying to swipe part of my inventory.
The college girls often treat shoplifting as a game, and there are often collaborators abetting and distracting. Sometimes their game is pretty sophisticated, so I have to constantly refine my methods and also make sure my sales girls are not a part of the collaboration.
The second group is funded by sugar-daddy husbands and fathers. They pamper their second-round or third-round wives and their playgirl daughters, but it still amazes me that so many of these trophies think paying is beneath their legal-prostitute dignity.
Both the rich-college-girl group and the sugar-daddy-trophy group put on the 'you-have-a-lot-of-nerve' act when they get caught, and my proof and ensuing chastisement usually causes significant embarrassment. They should be embarrassed by what they did, and I make sure they are.
The 'dancers' are different in that when they buy an expensive enticement, it is from money they earned, which is often a lot. They still try to pinch, but aren't nearly as offended when the morality cop catches them and makes them fess up and pay for their treasure. After all, I figure the enticement is a worthwhile investment. When they take that enticement off for the men in the club where they 'dance', it is a return on investment that pays itself off in bills in their g-string or even multiplies itself many times over in just one night when a high roller takes them for a romp.
Les is Mor is a pretty intimidating place with all the cameras and with my girls and me watching like a hawk, and word has gotten around that I am an asshole when I catch somebody trying to steal. I am, and it's the reputation I embrace and foster. They don't end up in front of a judge, but I subject them to an even more embarrassing castigation than they would receive in a courtroom.
Once it's done, I don't revisit or embarrass them again, and I smile warmly at them whenever they return to shop.
*************************
As nature intended, an enticing aroma and a wet pussy were having expected consequences, and my arousal indicator was well on the way to insertion state. I was still on my knees when I leaned in and put my head against her sternum. I reached in back and squeezed her cheeks before I lowered her panties to her knees. I sat back on my haunches, and let them drop to the ground.
It was totally unnecessary but fully satisfying when I lifted her right stiletto out of her bunched up panties on the floor and pulled her foot forward so it was beside my hip. Her pussy was in my face, so I licked it. She moaned.
I stood and looked, and Mr. Hyde had fire in his eyes. Not that I was worried. In fact, I almost hoped he would do or say something. I smirked to egg him on. He looked down and saw I was tenting.
I looked at his totally naked wife, "You're beautiful Willow?"
"Thank you Les." She looked down at the tent and then up to my eyes, "I like looking too."
She was flirting right in front of him, so I gave it right back. I was holding the second gown open so she could step into it, "Are you ready to try on what I've got? It might not fit. It might be too big." I looked at him as I held the gown open, but he knew exactly what I was talking about. I goaded him, "I can see that you're ready to try it." I could also smell her readiness, and the readiness taste still lingered on my tongue.
She smiled, "I am."
The clock said 6:29 when she stepped into her second gown. He gave the ok, and it was ungentlemanly marked too, as was the third in short order. $5400 down, $4600 to go. In eighteen minutes.
"Panties. Bras"
It was all he said, and underthings weren't going to make much of a dent in the balance, but I didn't care. If he didn't find another $4600 worth of enticements in the rest of his hour, the balance was a donation bonus in my mind. A tip for taking his crap.
I led him and his naked wife to the unmentionables and stared at him, "If she tries it on, she has to buy it."
He snarled, "Make sure it fits then."
Who was this guy? Make sure it fits? We could see if panties fit as soon as she had them on, but he was opening the door so I was going in.
"Alright."
I ripped open a package I was sure would fit, knelt, and held a sheer pair for her to step in. I raised them and my hands cupped both front and back to make sure they were snug and tight. I drug my fingers through her creases front and back, and when I finished checking, the sheer fabric was stuck in her front slit, plastered there like it was wet suction cup on a smooth flat surface.
More snarl, "They're stuck. Fix it."
"Alright."
I held his eyes as I stuck my hand inside her panties and slid it down to a gusher. I kept my eyes on him while I inserted two fingers and pumped three times to keep the well producing. His eyes dropped to watch what was happening to his wife, and her moan left no doubt.
It was a nice moan, "Mmmm ... uuhhh ... oohh yes ... mmmm ... more Les."
She wasn't talking about more panties, but it was possibly possible to interpret it that way. I slipped her panties off and picked up another pair.
"Don't bother. Perfume. Skin cream."
We didn't bother with bras. She really didn't need one, and Willow moaned her approval of her husband's new choice. I grabbed her hand to lead his naked wife to the cosmetics counter. I removed a large flacon of Chanel Number Five from its box and questioned with my eyebrows. It was a start at making a dent in the balance.
He sat in one of the two chairs, "Put it where it will do the most good."
I spritzed it on her nipples and just above her slit and then looked at him. I bent down to smell it and my nose touched each nipple before I dropped to my knees again and let my tongue taste her essence as I sniffed the perfume above her pussy.
I looked at him and he just held two fingers in the air. I put two boxes by the register while he barked another order.
"Skin cream. Make sure she likes it."
If that wasn't an invitation, then I've never received one.
"Alright."
*************************
Why would these women I catch, and so many others, continue to shop at Les is Mor? I think there are two answers to my rhetorical question.
The first answer is obvious: I have the best quality and largest selection at the lowest price. It is a niche market and I fill most of the niche. I dominate in North Texas and beyond, and I have the sexiest, skimpiest, laciest, sheerest, shortest, lowest cut, highest slit, most revealing selection of enticements within a thousand miles. Before you put your wife on a plane to Dallas though, get her size. I stock nothing above a size 10.
The women who shop at Les is Mor are all on the slim and gorgeous end of the bell-shaped curve, and because I don't carry all possible sizes, they have a much larger selection in their sizes than anywhere else. Beautiful women like to drape themselves in beautiful enticements that won't be seen on another beautiful woman. Even though there is a large pool to select from, there are very few items available in each design regardless of size. The gowns are all expensive and unique, meaning I only have one design of each in stock.
The second answer is more subtle, but I also think it is a more powerful draw. It will sound sexist, and it is, but I don't think it is demeaning. In my opinion, beautiful women like to be appreciated for their beauty, and that means there have to eyeballs focused on them. Les is Mor was designed to accommodate them, and by letting eyes, especially mine, accommodate them, they accommodate me. I like to look, and that word about me has also been passed.
Many of them don't stop at showing off. They also like to tease. They also like to flirt. And there is no shortage of those who like to do even more. The word that I am very accommodating that way has also been passed, and it isn't just the college girls and 'dancers' that desire my accommodation. The trophy wives are also frequently anxious to let me into their own welcoming accommodations.
They all seem to like the fact that I'm considerate, black, and big. I love to pamper them with affection, and I keep my mouth shut. It was initially a surprise to me when I started hearing about my 'affairs' from a third party, but now it's almost expected. The word, when I was young, was that it was the men who liked to brag about 'conquests', but my opinion is that women are worse at keeping that secret.
The word that Les is more has also been passed, and I am more where it counts. Many of the welcoming accommodations I enjoy became interested when gossiping with one of my previous accommodaters.
I don't think the principle of 'les is mor' is a guiding one for my playmates. Less is more doesn't work with their lust, but Les (me) is more does.
I am of Jamaican descent, and I'm not only mor in the macro sense (6'7", 220 lbs.), but I'm also mor in the micro (11" long, 7½" circumference). They seem to like the micro mor when it's inside them and they like the mor time wise too. I like to last and I like to go again, And again. In all positions. Despite being 33, my stamina and interest haven't waned much since I was a teenager, and I still play that contact sport at the top of my game. There have been many who agree that Les is more man in the micro area than any they've had before, and there are plenty of requests for encore performances.
With one exception, and she's been in New York for years, I'm an absolutist regarding birth control. Since the vast majority my accommodaters are white, they are too. Les danger for Les means mor pleasure for Les. I always wear a condom even when they say they are on the pill.
There seems to be a consensus on that decision. 'Dancers' with belly bumps have a tough time, and a baby's waking hours and constant tending don't sync well with the hours and lifestyle of a 'dancer'. Even worse, having a half-black baby would not be easy to explain to trophy-wife husbands, and I don't want to try.
Don't get me wrong. I love kids and want to have a family with the fun and adventure my parents provided, but I don't want an accidental baby. I want to enjoy my kids by being around them all the time, and I want to pick my wife due to love, not by being poked and prodded with the wrong end of a shotgun.
**************************
My 'alright' response didn't match my thought, which was, 'Aye, aye General Asshole. Watch this.'
I did as ordered and she did like it. I was tweaking a cream-coated nipple with one hand and had two fingers inside her cream-coated, self-lubricating pussy with the other when I looked at him.
All of a sudden, his face underwent a metamorphosis and it looked like he was turned on by seeing what I was doing to his wife. Then I had it. I knew I'd seen him before. He now had a beard and a shaved head, and they provided a new visage, but I finally recognized him anyway. It was the fire in his eyes that I'd seen once before. That time it was anger, this time lust, but both revealed his inner id.
This was not a place where I would have ever expected to see him again. Nor was he with who I saw him with the one and only time I'd seen him.
Tatum's dad.
I was fingering his wife when I taunted, "Hello Mr. Ashburn. How's Tatum?"
His response was not as cold as it had been, "She's living back home." Almost reluctantly, he added, "She asked about you."
I flashed back, and suddenly my fingers were inside his daughter again instead of his wife. Tatum had worked for me during all four of her college years at SMU, and we were 'intimately involved' that entire time. She was the best lover in my life: passionate, smart, beautiful, compassionate, reliable, loving, the whole enchilada. We were very close, almost like a married couple, and it tore me up when she moved to New York upon graduation. I hadn't seen her in five years, since the going away party I held for her at the store. That was the only time I'd seen or met her parents.
"I miss her. We were close."
The icy tone was back, "I thought you were too close."
I remembered the reaction from Mr. and Mrs. Ashburn at the going away party when Tatum and I kissed. We were all a bit lit and there was emotional sadness for both Tatum and me about her imminent departure, and I guess her parents didn't like seeing it. They just waved on their way out the door while we were still kissing.
It hadn't fit with what Tatum told me. Mr. and Mrs. Ashburn let their two children explore life with no expectation that every decision would be successful or even palatable. They expected mistakes, but never chided when one happened. They talked about mistakes and how to avoid making the same one again, but they didn't remonstrate, at least according to Tatum.
I'm not sure whether they thought I was a mistake, but regardless of what they thought, their actions were always supportive of Tatum. She said they knew she was dating and fucking me, a black man in Dallas. That tolerance had sure been missing tonight, and maybe it had never been there.
I wondered why there was a new Mrs. Ashburn, and since he'd come into the store with an intentionally abrasive attitude, I bounced it back at him, "What happened to the original Mrs. Ashburn?"
I could see it hurt him, "How is that your business?"
I thought about tailoring my response to be respectful and considerate, but vetoed myself, "She is Tatum's mom and they were very close. It must have really hurt Tatum when you traded her mom in for a newer model. I see you're getting along fine without her though."
I was diddling his new wife's clitoris and she was breathing harder and moaning at times when his response reflected his sadness, "She passed away."
Tatum was their youngest of two, but empty-nest syndrome is rarely fatal. I suddenly regretted my snippiness, and didn't pursue it, "I'm sorry."
That didn't stop me from pursuing his current wife, and it felt like she was happy to be the fox in this hunt. I'm no fan of public sex, but it felt like bagging his personal fox in front of obnoxious Mr. Ashburn-Hyde might be a fitting response to his browbeat.
Plus, her hand stroking me through my pants was a clue that his fox wanted to be caught. It was another big incentive for me to provide a fitting response.
To further rub his nose in it, I sat down on the other armless chair right next to Mr. Ashburn-Hyde and pulled his wife on top to straddle me. I guess she was also ready to rub his nose because she was soon hunching and kissing, all while loosening my tie and unbuttoning my shirt.
I wasn't looking at him, but it would have helped when I heard him whisper. It sounded like, "Can you help her Les?" It was a different tone and if what he asked was what I thought I heard, it was totally unexpected.
If it was what I thought I heard, he wasn't talking about his daughter. I decided to assume that my ears had not deceived me.

I turned to look at him, "Your wife wants me Mr. Ashburn."
Her "I do" and his "she does" were simultaneous.
My guess was that his age had sapped his ability to satisfy his new wife, and he wanted her satisfied. I'm very magnanimous at times, and suddenly my generosity overflowed. I was 'willing' to help his wife, mainly because my rampant indicator was in the meter's red zone, but partly because it was a way to fling his own shit back at him.
"Alright."
She stood and pulled me up. She stripped my shirt and tie before dropping to her knees to unbuckle, unfasten, unzip and drop my trousers. They puddled at my feet around my shoes, but she didn't bother with any of that. My boxers dropped toward the puddle and she was stroking before they splashed into it.
I guess we were done shopping, but I now understood what they actually came in to shop for. It wasn't words that her mouth used to clarify it, but that orifice was quite good at precise clarification and it joined her hands around my obvious interest indicator.
My mind wandered backwards, and it felt like Tatum's mouth. Each plunge of her face forward drove me deeper, and when she passed her gag mechanism, I wondered if she would get me all the way in. Tatum was the only one who ever had, and I loved reaching down to feel the front of her neck as I moved back and forth inside her throat.
I bent over to touch Willow's neck and felt myself expand her throat. Mr. Ashburn-Hyde shocked me, "Tatum said you really liked feeling her throat like that."
What the fuck? Why would she tell him that? Did she? I don't talk about what happens in private, and as far as I knew, she hadn't told anybody either. She was one of a very few that kept her mouth shut (at least that way).
"She told you?"
He half blushed, "No, she told her mom and her mom told me."
I slathered it on, "Now you're seeing me touch your wife's throat. It sure feels good to feel it way down her throat ... uuunnngghhh ... like it did with your daughter."
He knew I was rubbing it in as I looked down at him. His surprise hits kept coming, and he unzipped and reached into his own pants. I thought his wanger must have been incapable due to his request that I help his wife, but he pulled it out to reveal that his was long and fat too. It was nowhere near as super-sized or as twitchy hard as what his wife was pleasing, but it was more than capable of pleasing her. I didn't get it.
He was watching his young wife plunge, and it was just a couple of forceful thrusts later when he saw her plant her nose in my curly black pubic hair. She pulled on my ass to keep me fully inserted for a few seconds, and I was on the verge, feeling the urge to surge.
I don't know how she knew, but she immediately withdrew. She stood up but ordered me to do the opposite.
"Sit."
I did as bid, and she straddled me again. This time we were both naked where it mattered, and my throb was flattened between us as she hunched against it.
"Let me get a condom."
She kissed me first, "It's ok. You don't need one."
I worried a little about no condom, but I also thought if I did inseminate her, it would serve him right. I also thought that her response meant she was on the pill, so I put my hands under her ass and lifted her. She reached down between us to align me, and I lowered her onto my center of attention.
As soon as the head was well seated, she whispered, "Let me do it."
I moved my hands to her breasts and she put her feet on the floor. When she stood, straddling me, I almost came out, and she straightened up and sank down quite a few times before I was fully seated. I was twitchy and teetering, and she joined that parade. So did her husband, and she bent over to kiss him while she reached over to stroke his need.
My hands tweaked and twisted her nipples as I watched his hand reach her nubbin just above where she was filled with my reciprocating plunger. She was hunching and I thought she was close, but it didn't matter. I was more than close, "Unnggghhh ... uuunnngghh ... uunngghh."
In the midst of my own blissful release, my inattentive and disjointed brain picked up pieces of Mrs. Willow Ashburn's own blissful confession, "Ooohhh god ... honey ... he's coming ... aahhh ... yes ... I'm coming ... too ... honey ... mmmm ... maybe ... ooohhh."
Her clenching, clutching, spasming powerful contractions milked every drop from me, and the sounds she made added to the rapture of my own contractions. The entire feeling was almost a deja vu from my experiences with Tatum.
I was basking and reminiscing when I glanced to my right to see Willow bring her husband off. A mini geyser of a few inches in height signaled his release, and her hand catching his pulsing spew was the temporary repository. That first repository brought his deposit to a second temporary repository before it reached its final destination in her stomach.
Now that my primary command center was temporarily at bay, the one above my belt decided to provide its input. Its keen insight offered this nugget, 'What in the fuck just happened'?
Mr. Ashburn-Hyde, a man I thought was tolerant and supportive when I was dating his daughter, had shown up tonight as a bigoted despot but then turned into a generous pervert.
He essentially paid me four grand to fuck his wife, because that was the leftover after all his purchases, and we were definitely done shopping. He'd masturbated right next to me and watched while I apparently gave his beautiful wife a $4000 fuck. It was one of the best fucks of my life, and I would have no qualms about doing it again for nothing.
No qualms, but plenty of questions
She asked hers first, "Your parents must have interesting senses of humor. Why did they name you less is more?"
I didn't give much of an explanation, "Yeah, just weird humor that they like."
************************
The whole weird naming thing started when my brother, Sain o Moore was born a year before me. My grandfather Jesse played major league baseball when Johnny Sain was his pitching coach for the Twins, and they stayed close for the rest of Johnny's life. My dad met Johnny many times, and named my brother after him.
I don't think he would have picked the name Sain if he couldn't have made his own brand of funny out of it. Dad's unique humor was also a harbinger because my brother was the closer for the Mariners for six seasons. When he was introduced by the announcer at a game as Sain o Moore, the crowd would respond in unison, "No More, No More, No More."
My dad's name is Dinty and my mom's name is Mia. I guess my dad was named after the stew, and I know my mom was named after Mia Farrow. Especially when we were young, we liked it when dad told us to introduce ourselves. We still humor him when he asks, but we are all older now so it is kind of corny. Our family likes corn..
My mom says, "Of course, Mia Moore.", my brother says, "Sain o Moore", and I say, "Les s Moore." It sounds like, "Of course mi amor", "Say no more", and "Less is more". Dad laughs every time, and always has to explain that our names are Mia, Sain, and Les. Sometimes he has to explain that 'mi amor' means 'my love' in French.
Not one person has caught on without clarification, and it is often not even remotely funny to the explainee before or after Dad's explanation. We don't care. Most people don't have the same sense of humor as my dad, but the rest of our family does. That's why I always call my brother sane no more, which he isn't now and probably never was. He rebuts by his name for me: less s'more, meaning he thinks I am even less than the gooey, super-sweet disgusting things fashioned around a campfire.
Most people, including my teachers, didn't even get that my name meant something else either, so it wasn't really the albatross you might think. As I grew, and I didn't stop until I was 6'7", I even learned to appreciate its meaning. Our family had more things than we needed, but they didn't really matter much. The things that did were love, adventure, work, sports, and fun. The meaning of 'less is more' became a guiding factor in how I live my life. Physical things are low priority, and I neither have nor desire many.
My entire family was there for me after my fall and I believe they would have agreed to anything I wanted, but it was Grampa Jesse who put up the money to build and stock Les is Mor. He gave me free reign to design it as I wanted, and I took advantage. It turned out to be a good investment for him, and he was paid back with interest before he passed last year, and then I got it all back from his trust.
I laid the store out using the same 'less is more' design principle in its name, and I can monitor 3500 square feet of floor space, the dressing room area, and the hall to the bathrooms from my elevated perch. The 'les is mor' number of human monitors is down to an absolute minimum: one. The one is Les. The les is me. The aisles radiate from my corner lookout perch and there are strategically placed cameras feeding permanent recordings and monitors at my perch that give me a good idea of everything that's going on.
I don't own my design studio building and didn't start it as a separate company until my store had been open for a few years. I only rented the warehouse space when I found two sisters who could sew anything and who got along. It's not open to the public, and they are safe inside its locked doors.
When I go to the studio on Monday and Tuesday, I feel relaxed. I sketch and there is banter and discussion in a casual atmosphere.
That is not the case in my store. I am alert and vigilant there and usually wound pretty tight when I lock up. Nabbing the nabbers happens way too often, at least a couple of times per week, and that isn't fun.
I usually don't need anybody else in order to catch shoppers who try to 'lift' merchandise, but I also have three young, beautiful sales girls on the floor at all times who aren't just there to assist customers. Their eyes are alert and they give me an open-hand, wiggling-fingers salute toward the pincher if they see a 'customer' using the five-finger discount. I punch it up on a recording on a monitor, and once I have the evidence, I trap the 'customer' on the way out. I lock her between the two doors in my entry vestibule by punching a button from my perch. Very few 'clients' get out of the shop door with 'lifted' items.
Of course, the dressing rooms and bathrooms are where most of the subterfuge is attempted, and I have that pretty well covered too. No, there aren't any cameras in the dressing rooms or bathrooms themselves, but the cameras outside them are intimidating. My perch is outside the dressing room area and the hall to the bathrooms, and I look through the enticements each woman takes into the dressing room, and I look at them on the way back out. I don't let them take enticements into the bathroom.
So, as I said, all in all life was good and I was pretty satisfied with running my own business and being a morality cop. I don't think everybody would agree that my morals were of such a high standard that I could act as an enforcer of morality, but my conscience was fine with it.
***************************
I looked at the clock. 7:16. I had given him the extra time I'd vowed not to give, and I now wanted to give even more. Unfortunately, I had a scheduled meeting and I am adamant about punctuality. I needed a shower and a change of clothes and the drive to the restaurant didn't leave time for a second round, but it was almost as if Mr. Ashburn-Hyde was reading my mind and his tone was moderated.
"You're worried about making it to your meeting with Lewis on time aren't you?"
"How did you know about my meeting?"
"Lewis works for me. I asked him to set it up."
"So what are you saying?"
"I'm saying don't go. I'll call him, and talk to you about it directly. It's my proposal anyway."
"I'm not ready to hear it right now." His beautiful wife was still straddling me, but I had deflated and she was leaking my deposit all over me.
He smiled as he was zipping up, "No, I guess not. We can do it later. Maybe you'd like to come over to our house for a drink while I do."
I thought about Tatum, "When?"
"Right now. Willow can ride with you in case you've forgotten where we live."
I thought to myself, 'How could I forget?', but I answered, "I'd love to have your wife's company."
He not only called, he raised, "It's yours all night long if you want it."
I still had plenty of questions for the even more generous pervert, but my tide was rising again and she dropped to her knees to start licking and sucking again. It helped make the decision I would have made anyway a little easier.
"I do."
"Then take your time. Maybe we can postpone that drink and talk?"
Willow smiled at her Dr. Jekyll as I answered my Mr. Ashburn-Hyde, "I'm in no hurry. We can cancel those altogether as far as I'm concerned, but I will take you up on your offer to keep your wife company all night."
He took it well, "I'm going home and to bed. We'll talk tomorrow morning at breakfast?"
I wasn't unfamiliar with waking up somewhere else and having a morning go before sorting myself out to get ready for the workday. It was one of the reasons Les is Mor didn't open until noon.
"Alright."
We had negotiated his wife's time while she was re-erecting the tent pole, "I'll have to let you out."
It took a while to sort out the puddle of pants hiding my shoes and socks, but Willow finally got them all off. Mr. Ashburn-Hyde called Lewis to let him know I wasn't coming, and he was fully dressed following his naked white wife and my naked black body toward the exit. She held me by the tent pole and held her husband by the sight of her strutting and swaying ass.
We stood naked in the vestibule until we saw Mr. Ashburn-Hyde drive away.
She smiled, "Now show me that famous Den of Iniquity."
******************
The dressing room area in Les is Mor is usually my happy hunting ground, and it was designed to make my prey easy to stalk. Willow was the first beautiful naked woman I'd seen in the main part of my store, but it was a relatively common sight in the dressing room area.
It is walled-off and has three easy chairs in the small open area and three dressing booths facing my perch. Each booth has mirrors on three sides and a curtain that 'closes' on the fourth. The curtains don't close all the way. By design. Les is mor. The opening is 3" wider than he curtain which stops about a foot above the floor.
Those who dislike the difficulty in maintaining their modesty don't come back. There aren't very many. I repeat: beautiful women like to be admired and appreciated for their beauty, which isn't only above the neck.
I also allow husbands and boyfriends inside the dressing area to sit in one of the chairs while their eye candy tries on enticements. It increases the number of eyeballs for her reveal, and many women are anxious to do so even when she knows her man is not the only one with tracking orbs. Half-closed curtains, prancing in skimpy enticements, and flirting in front of her man are relatively commonplace. It sometimes leads to more, even a few with her husband's consent.
'Den of Iniquity' was Tatum's, and only Tatum's, name for my in-store bedroom hidden behind the dressing room. It was convenient for accommodaters who teased and flirted in the dressing room area, but it was never used during open hours. It had an inside entrance through a door off the men's restroom, which only had one sink, one stall, and a large shower. The bare minimum (les is mor) in the men's was minuscule in comparison to the women's restroom, but it was sufficient for both my accommodater and me to use to clean up after a romp.
Once through that inside door, there was a king-size bed, a mirrored ceiling and two mirrored walls, a wet bar, a closet with a built in dresser, a skylight, and an exterior door. It was a triangular room in one corner of the store, and the bed was catywhompus in the perpendicular corner. The wet bar was in another corner and the closet in the last one.
*********************
I followed my tent pole in and she followed me.
She didn't want a drink, but she did want. She grabbed and pulled, and we were on the bed and I was inside her in the missionary position almost simultaneously.
I probed with a second object: my mouth, "How did you know about the Den of Iniquity?"
"Tatum Ashburn was my big sister at Alpha Phi. We don't have any secrets, and we're even closer than best friends now."
Well, that was interesting, and some of those dendrites, axons, and neurons fired and connections were established. I'd been introduced to Willow as Tatum's sorority little sister at Tatum's going away party, and even before that I'd heard about her. I'd just fucked the Willow that Tatum often mentioned, and a few of her mentions hinted that Willow might be someone I'd like to invite into my 'Den of Iniquity'.
Neither Tatum nor I had been overly possessive or jealous during our four-year relationship, but she knew more about my frequent meanders with other women than I knew about hers with other men. We didn't discuss those meanders with each other, but we each knew the other had heard about some of them.
Those wanderings outside our deep involvement did help reinforce each of our contentions that we were both the best that the other ever had, and it was a draw that kept us coming back to each other.
As I probed with my micro, it induced more information. Her vulnerable position was not just physical. Her soul was open for revelation, and I was on the listening side of the confession booth. I didn't even have to ask questions in order to get some of my answers, but I did get the catechism started.
"What's going on Willow?"
"Mmmm ... that feels so good ... I knew ... uuhhh ... uuhhh ... you'd be wondering ..."
I just looked, but my motion was priming the pump, waiting for the gush it was sure to induce.
"Ooohhh god Les ... Tatum was right ... you are the best ... she talked to Baker ... and me ... said I should try."
I assumed her husband's name was Baker Ashburn. My stiff prod was the goad asking for more information as it was stroking her libido, and her soul complied.
"Mmmm ... you feel so good ... so big ... we talked about ... how to ... how to get you ... ooohhh ... where you are ... right now."
I thought to myself, 'That wouldn't have been hard. Why all the other shit?'
"Ooohhh... uuhhh ... uuuhhh ... Tatum talked to her mom about you ... aaahhh yes ... keep going ... her mom ... told her dad ... everything ... uuuhhhh ... and ... uuuhhh ... Baker wanted .. it for me ... he wanted ... uuhhh ... to watch."
I got part of it. I would have never fucked Willow in front of him if I wasn't so pissed off at him. It was a way of giving him the finger for being such an asshole toward me, but now I find that I was the one being played.
She must have read my mind and the confessional revealed more,
"I am still ... mmmm ... Baker's secretary ... uuuhhh ... Tatum got the job for me ... oohhh god ... he was so down ... oohhh damn ... when Piper died ... that feels so good ...to help him."
Well, I guess there are lots of ways to help. Letting another man fuck my wife in front of me wasn't going to be a way I was ever going to let my own wife help me.
"Uuhhh ... Tatum was down too ... playing ... lots of guys ... ooohhh ... not working."
Wait. Tatum went to New York for a job and she wasn't working? That didn't match the girl I knew, and as I opened my own confessional door, I realized my connection with Baker's daughter was deeper than I'd let myself believe when she left. I really missed her.
My mind drifted, and suddenly I was fucking Baker's daughter again rather than his wife. I picked up speed, racing toward the finish line, and hoped Tatum was with me. She wasn't, but Willow was. The reciprocating screw that was repeatedly engaging in the same process was having the predictable result. I was teetering, and I prodded with more than what was inserted inside her.
"Tatum wanted you to let me fuck you?"
"Mmmm hmmm ... she wanted me ... oohhh god ... I'm close ... to feel it ... she loves me ... uuuhhh ... uuuhhh ... I love her."
I was there, "Uuunnngghhh ... uunnngghhh ..."
I pulled her off the same bridge and we fell together. There is nothing better than feeling my contractions become synchronized with the contractions of my partner, and ours did. We were also moaning, groaning and grunting together, and I felt a connection with my brand new lover that was nearly unique. Only her best friend and I had ever connected so intimately, and that hadn't happened on our first time together.
I had a feeling that Baker's wife and I would be seeing each other a lot.
Then I wasn't so sure after the confessional remained open during pillow talk.
"Tatum's mom died having sex. She had a heart attack while riding Baker. I didn't think he would ever forgive himself."
That method of demise was usually reserved for the inserting end gender, but I guess I'd seen and felt so many hard-riding my own insertion that I wasn't totally shocked. Hell, Baker had just finished watching Willow be one of them.
My opinion of Mr. Baker Ashburn was shifted slightly, but his browbeat first and his perversion later meant he was a long way from shifting the needle into the 'good guy' column.
*******************
The store Les is Mor opened nine years ago, but it hadn't been easy. Dallas still had major race issues, but it seemed most of the hurdles were in the rear view mirror for my store. I was now in a position to help others who were trying to find ways around the same obstacles I'd faced, and I'd decided to do so in my own way.
I didn't look for people who needed help, I looked for people who earned it. I became a bird dog hunting for black Americans who worked hard and smart, and I didn't look at report cards or community service. I looked at workers working. If I saw somebody, I went back again and again to make sure, but then I finally had a talk with him/her. They were people who could run successful businesses if given a chance, and I wanted to give them a chance. None of those I talked with weren't interested.
Weekends and evenings were my hunting seasons, and usually my prey either had another job or school during the time I was working. I looked for those who did more than what the job required, who were always respectful especially when they were being harassed, and who worked smart.
Unfortunately, I spent a lot more time hunting for candidates than I did in studying the few I found. Watching workers in every type of business helped me pick my own employees, and I found many commonalities in the good workers everywhere. And in the bad ones.
Dad and Sain were with me, and while they didn't do any scouting, they supported it financially. So far, the six we had supported were validating our confidence in them and the return on our investment was paying off. My guidance on how to be a morality cop was welcomed by all but one of them, and even he had a bit of natural asshole-ness that would keep his shoplifting losses low.
That was really the only give-back I was interested in. The community had been much more obstructive than helpful in getting me started, and I didn't get a warm fuzzy that they would appreciate my 'help'.
Although I'd dropped out of college after my fall, I was a firm believer in learning. I'd been a very good student, but books and lecturers weren't the best way for me to learn. I was good at watching and interacting with people and I was able to read signs most people ignored.
I remember both names and faces, and body language was something I studied in books and well as from watching. I tried to catch subtle verbal clues as well and all this accumulated knowledge was a source of pride.
It turned out that I was dead wrong about Mr. and Mrs. Ashburn.
***********************
Our pillow-talk afterward continued, and it was a two-way conversation, not just a confessional.
"So Tatum got you a job working for her dad. When?"
"I started six months after Piper died, three and a half years ago. The business was a mess. He wasn't doing anything."
"So you just started and didn't know what to do. Did he help at all?"
"No, not for at least six months. He told me to do whatever I thought was best."
"And Tatum didn't help?"
"I think she was even lower than her dad. We talked every day, and I think she was close to suicide. So many men, drinking, drugs, but she was always worried about Baker."
"I wish I'd known. Maybe I could have helped."
"I thought so too, but she wouldn't let me call you. She said she didn't want you to know she was such a pussy."
"I would have never thought that."
"I know. She was talking to her dad every day too, and finally she asked me if there was anything else I could think of to get him going."
"He seems to be going now. Was he always such a prick?"
"He's not a prick. That was all an act. He's very smart and loving, considerate, respectful, generous, and he's definitely not a racist like he appeared today."
I wasn't fully convinced, but I was ready to at least listen.
"So you got him going?"
"All I knew to try was sex. I started by teasing, letting him see a little more every day. I flirted and touched until finally ... ."
Willow had been running his business and now was his lover and wife? And Tatum was back?
It was a weird family relationship. Tatum was Willow's big sister at their sorority and therefore at least a year older, but Willow was Tatum's step mother. The step mother was younger than her step daughter, but her step daughter was her big sister. Weird. And they were best friends. It seemed like the step mother was going to get along famously in her new family. How new? The mind reader was at it again.
"We've been married a year. Our anniversary was last Thursday. You might think I'm a gold-digger, but I love him Les. He wanted this for me, and I love him for it."
"That's pretty generous alright."
"That's how he got rich. He's a multi-millionaire you know. Best estimate is about 145 million. He finds people to invest in, he makes friends with them, and he provides the money and gives them advice on how to grow. He gets a small percentage when they turn their businesses into huge successes, but he gets it forever. For a year he told me to do the same thing with his company while he stayed in the dumps, and it turned out ok."
Whoa there podner! 145 million? $10,000 is one percent of a million, so my safe held less than a hundredth of one percent of his worth. I didn't feel bad about that $4000 fuck. I figured it was a spectator fee for the generous pervert.
"He finds companies to partner with and that made him that rich?"
"Not companies. People."
I thought about my own give-back, and it sounded like he turned my give-back method into a business of its own.
"So you probably know what he wants to talk about?"
"Some, but I'll let him tell you. I will tell you that he thinks you are someone he wants to invest in."
*****************
Tatum's going away party was the first and last party ever held in the store. It was mainly sorority girls and their boyfriends and former or current sales girls she'd worked with and their boyfriends. Tatum's brother was in his own happy hunting ground because not all the girls came with a boyfriend, and he did hook up. Mr. and the then Mrs. Ashburn were the only adults invited and it was obvious that they were uncomfortable. They spent most of their time sitting and watching before they left early after watching Tatum and me in our blathering emotional states.
There was a lot of public affection displayed along with enticing skin. Les is mor. There was also a lot of enticement that walked out the door, and it was my worst loss in the history of the store. I wasn't monitoring, and the loss stung me more by knowing her friends would steal than from the actual money lost. I vowed to never let my guard down again, which of course meant no more parties.
******************
I couldn't think of anything else and I wanted to see Tatum, "Let's shower and get you home."
It was just after 9:30 when I parked in front of their modest (for a multi-millionaire) home. It was just as I remembered with no walls or gates, but it was an impressive, sprawling two-story with at least a couple of acres surrounding it. It didn't stand out among the other homes in what was one of the ritziest subdivisions in the Metroplex, although it was uniquely dark. Apparently, Baker had done exactly what he said he was going to do and I wasn't going to see Tatum tonight either.
As we walked toward the front door, Willow revealed more of her husband's generosity, "Baker said we could use the master suite. He's in one of the guest bedrooms."
She led me through the house to the kitchen, "We didn't eat dinner, and I know you didn't. Tatum made lasagna last night, and she said I could warm leftovers for us."
Tatum was cooking? It was some of the best I've ever had, and it was a day old. I was surprised she was cooking, but I wasn't surprised it was good. Whatever she did, she did extremely well. So did her little sister/stepmom, and she proved it twice more in the sumptuous king-size bed in the master suite before we won the battle with insomnia.
We could hear activity in the morning, but Willow wanted an encore before we showered and walked toward the kitchen again. Before we got there, a little boy of four or five ran up to me.
"Are you Les too?"
I laughed, "Less than what, and who's Les one?"
My dad's brand of funny didn't work as well as I had hoped, but Tatum followed him in.
"Yes, that's Les, just like you baby."
"Mommy! I'm not a baby!"
I stopped, stared, and didn't know what to think or where to look. Tatum was more beautiful than ever and she was a mother. Her son was half black and very active. All that shock was nothing compared to Tatum's first words to me.
"Hello Les. Would you like to shake hands with your son Les?"
I just stood, unmoving, a statue in a catatonic stupor, when Baker joined us.
There was none of the tyrant tone, "Shake hands with your father, little man."
He bounced over and stood right in front of me with his hand out. I finally had some brain function, but didn't offer my hand. I picked him up and hugged him.
"I think we need to say hello better than shaking hands."
He hugged my neck back, "Can we eat now?"
I put him down and we all laughed. I looked at Tatum, "You shouldn't have waited."
Her wry smile, "I waited a lot longer Les. I know what I want now. It took a mess for me to figure it out."
I walked over to give her a nice-to-see-you-again hug, "I know what I want too."
I hoped we were on the same train on the same track going in the same direction, and suddenly I realized that I'd been waiting too. From what Willow said, we'd both used sex as a diversion, but I knew I was ready to stop taking every available siding. I wanted to stay on the main line, one track, no diverting,
I picked my son up again and carried him to the breakfast table and sat him down before turning toward Tatum. She was giving me a lot more than a courtesy hug before I completed my turn, and my eyes teared with happiness. Her hug included a shimmy before she pulled my head down for a prolonged kiss. I couldn't ever remember any time when I had been so filled with pure joy.
Eventually she pulled back, "I have to finish making breakfast."
She did, excellently of course, while I talked with my son. He was smart, in pre-school but anxious for kindergarten, and big for his age. I couldn't wait to start playing sports with him, and I thought about being around him all day, every day. That possibility seemed closer when his mom asked if she could work another day at the store.
**********************
I didn't let her assume her old sales girl role, but rather sat her next to me in my perch explaining and demonstrating. By closing time, she was as adept at being the store monitor as I was, except for one thing. After catching and embarrassing a college girl, she was doubtful.
"I'm not sure I could do that. You caught a couple of my sorority sisters, and I don't know if they ever got over it."
"Did they ever come back here?"
"Yes."
"They're over it."
At six, I went through the shut-down and lock-up procedures, and then she asked to see the 'Den of Iniquity' again.
She walked around touching everything, especially the bed. I hoped and almost expected we would use it, but she finally stood in front of me.
"Let's go home. I always put our son to bed, but then I want to put you there too. I hope you'll stay the night. Les needs a little brother."
I RSVP'd to her invitation in person, and then enjoyed the party that occurred at the same time. By the time I left on Sunday morning to open the store, there had been three different deposits of squiggly-tadpole suitors in the egg drop competition. She was regular with her periods, and she explained each of those deposits should be within the window of the peak ovulation time frame.
We pillow talked in the morning after my morning attempt to provide Les with a little brother, "I didn't want to go to New York Les, but dad insisted."
"I didn't want you to go either."
"I know. We both hated it."
"Did you know you were pregnant when you left?"
"Yes, I found out that week. I was trying to get pregnant."
"When did you tell your parents?"
"I never told them that I was pregnant. My mom never saw or even knew she had a grandson. I felt like a shit, and I was so low."
"When did you tell your dad?"
"I didn't. He just showed up one day at my apartment in New York. He figured it out real quick when he saw Les, and I think that brought him back into the world although he was really pissed off at me."
"How old was Les?"
"Almost two."
"Was he happy?"
"Not at first. He and I were both still in a funk over mom and he was mad. Les is the one that changed his mood. Dad stayed with us for a couple months."
"When did you come back?"
"Almost four months ago."
Little Les arrived and had no problem interrupting. He quickly climbed under the covers, and it didn't take him long to discover his mom was naked.
"Mommy, you lost your jammies."
She looked at me and smiled, "Your daddy hid them Les. He said he was always going to hide them when he's here."
He lifted up the covers, "You hid his too."
She laughed, "Yes I did little man. I don't think he'll ever find them."
The extended pillow talk I'd wanted had to be postponed. I got up to shower and dress while Willow talked to our son. She was so good with him, always listening and responding to every question, and he had many. I answered his questions while Tatum got ready, and we all walked together to breakfast. This time Baker cooked, but as he did, he talked. Tatum, Willow, and little Les talked among themselves as I listened to his proposal.
He started by apologizing for his insulting behavior on Friday night, and promised that he wouldn't ever talk that way to anybody ever again. It wasn't just his words that left me bitter. I'd been played, and that was almost as demeaning as his insults.
"This was just a game to you, and I was a pawn."
He then opened himself to further disrespect.
"I'm sorry, but there is more. We want you to be the father of Willow's first child, and that was the main reason we were there. We wanted you to skip condoms, and you never do. She should have been ovulating that night."
Their game was more devious than I imagined, and I reflected on my thoughts of insemination revenge when I first entered his wife. Revenge was not a dish I was serving at any temperature because the customer was ordering from a different menu. Revenge requires that the act must hurt the target, and mine did exactly the opposite. My vengeance response was an attitude they put me in to get what they wanted.
I scowled, "Why would you want that?"
"My grandson. He's smart, handsome, active, and considerate, and he likes to play and talk to me. I've been fixed for a long time, and Willow wants a child. We think you would be the best father, especially if what I think is going to happen between you and Tatum happens."
There were two beautiful women who wanted me to provide the genetic code for their next child, and both were passionate lovers. The problem was that I only loved one of them, and I couldn't see a way to reconcile that.
His apology wasn't complete, "There is one more thing. Tatum didn't want to move to New York after graduation, but I forced it. She didn't want to leave you but I didn't think it would be good for her in the long run. She didn't even tell her mom and me that she was pregnant, and little Les was born ten months before Piper died. I'm sorry and I apologize to you just like I've apologized to Tatum. I was wrong and I shouldn't have made her move."
Before I could sort my thoughts, Tatum helped, "Willow and I know each other intimately, Les honey, and we would love to be with you together. We want to be pregnant together."
I'd never been with two women at the same time, but the idea wasn't one I hadn't thought about. They were both gorgeous and I'd already been inside each. Plus, I would get to watch them 'know each other intimately' together.
I had questions but they were all fighting with each other in my brain. Before I decided which one won, I guess they all figured it was a tacit acceptance of his apology because Baker went back to his proposal.
As I quickly learned, there were two parts: personal and business. The personal part was apparently over, and he started verifying information he already had about my businesses. I just nodded as he talked, barely able to concentrate. When I nodded to confirm that the building was paid for and that I had paid my grandfather back for the loan to start it, he made his pitch.
"I want to finance five more stores, but I want you to be the CEO of the umbrella corporation. I would like to put one in each of these cities: LA, Seattle, Chicago, New York, and Atlanta. The store design would be the same as yours, with any modifications you want to make. You would need to train a manager for each one at your store here while they are being built."
That avalanche was roaring at me, "I don't know. I like working the hours I have, and I don't want to increase them now. I just found out that I have a son and I want to spend my off-work time with him. I want more free time, not less."
"So train six managers and put one of them in your store here. Kick yourself upstairs. You can spend time designing and spend time with Les. And maybe with two more of your children."
"That's a whole lot to digest. Let me think on it."
"It will give you more time to help others get their businesses going too."
How did he know about that?
"I'll let you know."
Baker kept cooking as he talked, and his eggs benedict was excellent. As soon as I got to work, I called a nearby jewelry store and the manager agreed to stay open for an extra hour passed their 6:00 PM Sunday night closing. I thought it was ironic based on the fact that it was exactly what Baker asked me to do, and he had to bribe me in order for me to comply.
I made it worth the manager's time, and I had an engagement ring in my hand when I knocked on the Ashburn front door. Tatum answered, and before she could hug me, I was on my knee.
"Tatum Ashburn, I have loved you since the first day we met and I finally figured it out. Will you marry me?"
I was holding the ring and she put her left hand out, "Les, it is my greatest wish to be your wife, and I am so happy."
As I was placing the ring on, there was cheering and clapping behind her. I stood and Baker, Willow, and little Les were whooping it up. I smiled as I hugged the daughter of one of them, the step daughter and big sister of another, and the son of the third before locking my lips to hers.
We walked inside to congratulations and hugs. Baker welcomed me into his family, "We would like for you to move in here. I already hired a contractor to make a second master suite, and you can have your pick afterward, but in the meantime you can stay in Tatum's room."
It was all too fast, but there wasn't anything on his agenda that I crossed off.
"Mr. Ashburn, I'm still thinking and I need to talk to my family. The most important decision was just made by your daughter, and that's on the top of my priority list right now."
"It's Baker, Les. Forget Mr. Ashburn. And I agree that your wedding should be first. When you are ready to decide on the others, let me know."
Did I want to sell my house and move in with a full family? Did I want to expand my business while I was just getting to know my son? Did I want to sleep with Tatum and Willow at the same time, especially after just asking Tatum to marry me? Did I want millionaire Baker to be a big part of my life? Would he try to control and direct me? What kind of wedding did Tatum want? What would my family think? Ach du liebe!
That avalanche that started at 5:00 PM on Friday was picking up power and speed as it rumbled down the mountain at 8:15 PM on Sunday. I was riding high on an exciting tsunami of events, and there was a chance that it would bury me before it stopped, but I wasn't jumping off. Regardless of what was going to happen, the minimalism, the simplicity, the less is more, all took a major hit. My life was going to get more complicated, but Les, Tatum, Willow, and even Baker were all making me change my mind. Less is not always more.