The familiar trill of an incoming FaceTime call gently ruptured my silent surfing.
It was late.
I was laying in bed skimming news stories but I knew Nicole would be calling. My wife of more than 25 years was traveling on business and had been away for almost two weeks, our nightly video chats had become a pleasant habit and so it was tonight even if Nicole was due home the next day.
I tapped the green button, the dotted wheel spun briefly, and Nicole's smiling face appeared on my iPad. I greeted her enthusiastically "Hi gorgeous!"
Nicole was also in bed, bare shoulders and a hint of breast allowing me to happily assume the rest of her was also desirably naked. My wife's smile lit up the screen, her blonde hair splayed across the crisp white linen of the pillows behind her head; she blew me a kiss across the airwaves.
She looked mischievous.
"He's here..." Nicole said. A half-second silence hanging at the end of her cryptic statement.
"Who?" My puzzled reply.
"Roger..." There was that half-second silence again. But we both knew what that meant.
I was silent, thoughts running through my head, my mouth suddenly dry; I had to swallow to speak. "What, umm, how? Really?" The words tumbled from my lips.
Nicole nodded; no words. Just that mischievous smile again.
I took a deep breath. "He's there with you right now?"
My wife's eyes slowly closed, a tiny gasp as her red lips involuntarily sucked at the air. A second of silence, an almost imperceptible moan from Nicole.
"It's a long st...story." She croaked. "But..." Her words came to a shuddering halt; her head pushed back against the pillow, the kind of automatic movement that comes from arching her back.
I stared at the screen, my body shivered as my hand stroked across my abdomen to clutch at my hard erection attempting to lift the blanket strewn across me. I realized Nicole was looking back at me.
Words rushed out of her. "He wants to fuck me." My wife whispered.
My body tensed. I moaned. My cock throbbed.
"Does that make you hard?" Nicole asked.
I opened my mouth but no sounds came out. I bit my lip and nodded my head in the affirmative.
"Shall I let him?" She continued. Again a silent gesture from me.
"You want to watch him fuck me?" Another nod.
"Say it out loud." Nicole commanded. "Roger wants to hear it."
Through my palm I could feel the blood pump ever harder into my joyously aching hard-on. I swallowed hard before speaking.
"I want to watch you getting fucked. I want to see you cum, see the ecstasy on your face..."
Nicole's moans interrupted my monologue. "Yesss." She hissed.
My wife's wide eyes met mine but she spoke to him. "Mmm yes. Lick my pussy."
Her eyelids fluttered down. Another moan, a short almost high-pitched grunt as she exhaled.
I stroked my cock. Clear pre-cum felicitously providing nature's perfect lubricant.
Nicole writhed on the screen before me. Guttural noises slipping from her. Rapid breaths fleeing her body. She spoke between lungfuls of air.
"Nnngh. Fuck me. Ahhh. Now Roger." My wife urged.
"I need you in me. Ahhh. Your cock. Ahh. In me. Ahh."
Brief relaxation and a soft exhale signaled that Roger's tongue and fingers had ceased their ministrations.
Nicole inhaled; a long, slow, smooth breath. My pumping hand stopped in anticipation as I visualized my wife's impending euphoria.
"Tell me." It was my turn to command.
"His cock...is nudging...he's...pushing..." Nicole's hand flew up stifling her own scream.
Consumed by the sight of my wife in delirious rapture, I gripped my erection tightly to stop myself coming there and then. I managed to gasp "Fuck..."
"Roger's in me. He's fucking me." Nicole squealed. "Yes. Harder. Fuck me harder."
I could see her bucking against her invisible lover. I could hear his breaths, deeper than hers. The sounds of his hips slapping against my wife's thighs, her belly. Nicole rolled her head, bit her knuckle, whimpered, moaned, gasped.
"More." She urged her lover on. "Fuck me. Yes."
My hand slid faster. "Does it feel good Sweetie? Roger's cock inside you."
"Nnngh. Such. A. Nice. Cock." Nicole's words timed to the slaps of his body on hers. "Nnngh. Make. Me. Cum. Nnngh."
The volcano in my hand started to rise. I stared at the pornographic scene of my wife on my iPad. Pressure built. I shuddered at my own fingers slithering across the sensitive head of my cock.
Nicole was biting her lip to stop the frenzied cries as her lover slammed into her, ravishing my wife's curves beneath him.
The febrile passion of obvious orgasm on my wife's flushed face tipped me over the edge, I erupted uncontrollably over my own belly as Roger's groans signaled his emptying himself inside the shuddering, shaking Nicole.
A breathless calm befell us.
"Oh my God." Nicole managed. Then to me "Did you cum?"
"Oh yes, unbelievably." I chuckled. "Can't wait to see you."
"Me too." Nicole laughed.
"Hmm, feels like Roger here is getting ready for round 2." She giggled. "Do you mind?"
"Not at all. I don't blame him." I replied. "Besides, I want you to enjoy yourself. Then tell me all about it tomorrow..."