"Suck my cock."
Even though Arina had been anticipating such a command it was still a shock to hear it.
In the amount of time it takes a human nervous system to do a full body inventory and report to the brain what it found Arina discovered that she was capable of obeying that order. Her body was going to obey her commands. Fear had not robbed her of that.
Moving toward the Russian diplomat Arina ran that full body diagnostic again, searched deeper, looking for more than the ability to move when told to, seeking to assess her emotional state. That was far more complex and took longer. Impeding her assessment of herself were a list of emotions and whatever drug she had been given.
Kneeling before the trim, muscular man, Arina struggled to appear eager and aroused. One was a lie, the other shamefully true.
Bemused to see her hands were rather steady Arina reached for the man's belt and undid the buckle without much difficulty. The fear she felt was being suppressed by the drugs. the same drugs that were enhancing her arousal. At least that was what she told herself as she unzipped a strangers pants.
Glancing up from under her lowered eyelid Arina saw the man's eyes were focused on her face, so she smiled what she sincerely hoped was a sly knowing smile.
Every skill Arina had at her disposal, honed over her 25 years, had lead her inexorably to this pivotal moment where she had embarrassingly little experience.
The middle-aged Diplomat licked his lips, and his pupils dilated wide as Arina reached into his open trousers and wrapped her small, cool fingers around his hot, rigid manhood. The heat of him thrilled along her nerves.
This was only the third penis she had ever touched and she had only met this man for the first time an hour ago. Arina was way, way outside her comfort zone and her mind raced.
Arina was here as a spy for the Canadian government, and secret recording devices were capturing everything she was doing as she pulled the Russian's cock out and stroked it with one hand. Everything was being transmitted to a surveillance van outside while Arina pulled his clothes away exposing his testicles and lower belly.
Riveted by the sight of his erection in her hand, Arina couldn't believe it was her hand pumping up and down gripping the thickness of his shaft, but it was.
Until two weeks ago Arina had been a civilian computer technician for the Canadian Security Intelligence Service, CSIS, (pronounced See-Siss for short). At that time her unique upbringing and specific skills had made her the perfect agent for this particular operation.
Had they known she would have to perform sex acts when they had recruited her?
"Spit on it." The thick Slavic accent made the words seem more sinister than they might have otherwise. Or, more likely it was the context.
This man, Dmitry Shamalov, was suspected of running a human trafficking ring from out of the Russian consulate. Arina had been sent inside to pose as one of the trafficked women and find as much evidence of the operation as she could, at all costs. There was the daughter of someone important in this latest shipment of young woman, but CSIS didn't know where she were being kept.
It took a moment for Arina to gather any spittle in her fear dried mouth, but when she had enough she brought her mouth close to the tip of the frightening man's erection and drooled onto his knob. The frothy fluid trickled over his swollen manhood and, using her right hand, Arina smeared her saliva around the warm, smooth skin of his penis.
As her hand grew slick with spit her strokes grew longer and the diplomat growled low in his throat which Arina took to be a sound of approval. Twice more she filled her mouth with spit and then Arina drooled it over the slippery pole in her hand.
A tingle of sexual excitement fluttered through her body as she stared unblinkingly at her hand pumping up and down the shiny shaft. It was actually her doing this. The unmistakable feeling of a man's hard-on was in her grip.
She was not only being paid to do this, she was being observed by other agents.
Before they had sent her into the embassy her tech support had given her a pair of earrings with emerald gems dangling from the setting. The right ear was a receiver that could hear anything withing ten feet very clearly. The left gem was a transmitter that she could receive instructions from if there was no-one within three feet of her. Anyone that close would hear the voice speaking to her.
Around her neck she wore a silk ribbon with a cameo of a flower with an emerald gem set in the center. That gem was a fish eye camera that could see anything in font of her in high definition. It was also capable of picking up any signal coming from a camera within thirty feet of it.
That meant that not only could her handlers currently see her hand stroking the Russian's erection but if there were any cameras transmitting a signal from this room they were also able to view Arina naked, on her knees before the Russian.
If that other camera existed then her co-workers had seen her dance for Dmitry, stripping off her little black dress, underwear and shoes. It was just after she had finished that performance for him that Dmitry had ordered her to suck his cock.
"Now suck." He ordered once more.
Lowering her mouth over him, Arina engulfing his tip before she could hesitate and reveal herself as a fraud.
Arina's mouth was suddenly full of his cock.
With one part of her mind she focused on pleasuring the warm flesh with her tongue and lips, while another part of her mind, mostly the deepest animalistic parts of her, took delight from the sensations in her mouth; the slippery friction on skin on skin as she moved her mouth up and down, the temperature, the fascinating bumps and ridges under her hyper-aware tongue.
Finally the analytical, constantly self-correcting, judgmental voice in her head watched with mortified captivation as Arina sucked a scary stranger's cock.
That analytical part of her mind discovered something uncomfortable as it judged her behavior.
Arina was getting a sordid, lecherous delight from the awareness that she was being observed as she pleasured the Diplomat.
Knowing that there were three men in a converted gutter cleaning van outside listening to her slurping on the Russian's cock, getting a close-up of his lap from her cameo and maybe even seeing her on an interrupted secret signal sent a humiliating throb of lust through her tingling pussy.
That vigilant judge in her mind noted that for some vulgar reason Arina found that being watched while she abased herself made the perverted pleasure of it even more keen.
"Don't swallow your spit. Use it." The older man instructed in Russian.
Arina understood Russian, that was part of why she was here. Arina's mother was Russian, her father Ukrainian, and she spoke both languages fluently.
Obeying his command Arina allowed all the gathering saliva to drool out over the Russian's member soaking him, making his shaft slick. Smearing the drool with her hand Arina stroked him and carried on massaging him with her tongue and lips.
It had been over two years since Arina had given a blow job. The memory of how much she enjoyed the sensations of having her mouth full of a man's sex washed over her. There was nothing like the feel of a hot pulsing cock under her tongue. The drugs they had given her inflamed the delight she took from the specific tactility of performing oral sex.
When Arina and two other woman had entered the embassy, before being brought up to the diplomat's offices, a big blonde man had given all the woman an injection. Copying the nonchalant attitude of the other two women Arina had accepted the injection with a placid demeanor while inside she suffered an existential breakdown.
Arina never did drugs, hardly ever drank alcohol and didn't much like needles.
Not only would these people likely kill her if she didn't do what they wanted, but the lives of dozens of other women and girls hung in the balance. Arina accepted the drugs, and now accepted that she was performing a sex act as a means to save others from being sent to away to become slaves in far off lands.
"Take it deep. Into your throat." the low voice directed.
Arina took a deep breath through her nose and opened her mouth wide taking him so deep his knob bumped her esophagus.
"Yes. Swallow now."
It was difficult, his cock filled her throat but the action of swallowing made him moan appreciatively.
"Stick your tongue out."
Complying, Arina stroked her nimble tongue along the underside of his heavy shaft, utterly filled by his throbbing member. Breathing through her nose she tried to relax and avoid gagging as her throat worked over his knob.
The Russian took hold of her head in both hands and used them to guide her head up and down over his erection. Relaxing, trying to keep her throat open Arina wriggled her tongue wherever she could touch Dmitry's shaft as he fucked her face slowly.
Drool oozed out of her mouth over her chin to dribble down her neck as Dmitry used Arina's face to pleasure himself. Struggling not to gag or choke as the big cock also shoved spit down her gullet, Arina gripped the thick pole with her lips and used her tongue to caress the manhood humping in and out of her oral grip.
Neither of Arina's two previous lovers had used her so aggressively. The first had been her High School sweetheart Derick. Their lovemaking had been sweet and awkward, neither of them leading, It had been pleasurable, but not passionate.
In university she'd dated Lennox for eight months in forth year. That had been a far more passionate relationship sexually. As a matter of fact the only thing between them was a deep sexual connection. It had also been very gentle but Arina had found herself multi-orgasmic with Lennox. Long make-out sessions that lead to long foreplay gradually bought her to a place where she could climax over and over as he finally fucked her.
Arina was unaware that even then she had been willingly and joyfully giving over her pleasure to her partner. She'd always assumed it was Lennox himself that could get her so very aroused.
Now as the Diplomat used her mouth to pleasure himself Arina found herself keenly aroused by the lack of control it gave her. It was thrilling to her that she didn't need to know how to please him he just took his pleasure.
Arina's hand dropped to her lap and she began rubbing her burning clit. When her fingers slipped inside her vagina Arina was shocked to discover herself soaking wet with desire.
Rubbing slick fingers all around her vulva Arina pleasured herself while giving her mouth to a dangerous stranger. The very helplessness she felt in this situation seemed to enhance her lust.
Which was the drug and which was her own depravity, Arina couldn't discern.
The sounds coming from her as the Russian fucked her face must have been filling the ears of her listening co-workers; whimpers and mewls of lust, wet smacking sounds, and the gentle slap of his balls on her chin.
Knowing they were not only listening, but recording her debasement made her shiver with atavistic gratification. Some deep, primal part of her took utter delight from knowing other men witnessed her in the depths of her depravity.
Somehow having observers made this more intense, more profound and more real.
"Take my cock in your hand again." He ordered.
Grateful for instructions, Arina eagerly did as she was told, Wrapping her fingers around his shaft while maintaining her oral grip on his tip, her tongue still dancing over his knob restlessly.
"Rub it on your face."
Releasing him from her mouth Arina hesitantly rubbed the tip of his knob over her lips, enjoying the tingle of slippery friction.
"Rub it all over."
Holding him with both hands Arina stroked the Man's soaking wet member back and forth over her face. Pressing him close she rubbed him over her cheeks and across her nose, chin and then her forehead.
"Yesss..." He hissed.
Encouraged Arina nuzzled his cock with every contour of her face. The warm wet cock slipped over her face, at first repulsing her with the wet slop of her own drool, but then once her whole face was wet, the slide of his slippery member felt amazing on her soft cheeks and tingly on her lips.
When she began to run out of saliva she plunged him back into her mouth for a few strokes, coating him in her saliva and then once more rubbing him across every inch of her face.
Lost in the strange new sensation Arina repeatedly dipped him in her mouth to coat the erection in more drool. Thus lubricated she would continue the wonderfully salacious sensation of stroking her face with his wet flesh.
"Fuck yes, you slut! You love it! You love Dmitry's cock!" the Russian growled in his native tongue.
Humiliated by the truth in his words Arina blushed while continuing to abase herself.
"Say it. Tell me."
"Yes."
"Say it!"
"I love it! I love this cock!"
"Yes. Tell me what you are."
"I'm a filthy slut." Arina knew what he wanted to hear. It was true. She was being a complete slut. "I'm a dirty fucking slut!"
It was mortifying to admit it, but also liberating. Once more she took Dmitry's cock deep into her throat, filling her mouth with cock like the slut she was discovering she was.
Dmitry stood up for the first time, his cock still ensconced in her oral grip. Arina knelt low before him looking up at him past the cock she slavishly devoured, working her mouth over him and watching his face for clues how to give him greater pleasure.
One hand stroked his shaft and one rubbed her throbbing clit and periodically plunged into her sopping slit for more lubrication.
Arina couldn't remember ever being more horny. It was unbearable, but also delightful, riding the very edge of bliss. Nimble fingers tried to bring her to climax, but her aching pussy wanted to be full.
The very suggestion of wanting to fuck this creep felt both repugnant and enrapturing. Arina hadn't been fucked in far too long.
Arina was quite used to denying herself. Enrolled in ballet class as a toddler she had been a disciplined dancer for her entire childhood, missing many experiences other kids experienced while living a full life in the dance community. As she entered junior high she had added studying computers to her busy, full schedule.
Becoming adept at compartmentalizing her time Arina was able to fill her schedule while not losing focus on dance or her schoolwork. That meant it had been very difficult to accommodate Derrick, and it had only been the fear of never having a boyfriend in high school that forced her to make room for him just before graduation.
The relationship had not survived her total immersion in university, and computer programming.
It had taken three years of total fixation on the world of computers before Lennox had been able to seduce her, and the pleasure of sex with him had distracted her badly in her last year of school. Arina had almost not maintained the grades needed to get the job she eventually got with CSIS.
In the end her language abilities; her native English, the required French along with her parents' Russian and Ukrainian combined with her impressive programming abilities got her the job. The dance and performance background and her general attractiveness had gotten her this specific assignment.
Knowing at some point Arina was going to be asked to be alone with one of the men in the embassy tonight they had given her a drug hidden in the gem of a ring. Given any opportunity she was to put in a drink and give it to her target. Which man didn't matter, but it had ended up being Dmitry himself.
The Russian had told her to make him a vodka before she began dancing. The little gel cap had fallen from beneath the gem stone into the drink and dissolved by the time she brought him the drink.
The man who'd given it to her said it should take ten minutes or less to knock him out.
It sure seemed like she had been sucking his cock for longer than that.
Dmitry took her head in his hand once more and began to fuck her face again. Still using one hand to stroke him Arina rubbed her aching clit as Dmitry filled her mouth over and over. Running her tongue all over his shaft she thrilled to feel him throbbing and swelling in her mouth while her fingers delighted her burning button..
Then abruptly Dmitry pulled out and took over stroking his shaft.
Confused Arina knelt, still looking up at him while rubbing herself.
Then she understood when Dmitry began to shoot his sperm onto her face. The hot splash surprised her, and she closed her eyes.
"Stick out your tongue." The Russian ordered.
Automatically obeying she extended her tongue just as another gout of thick cum fell over her. Some landed on her lips but most splashed over her tongue. Jets of semen obscenely drizzled onto her outstretched tongue and Arina shivered as the debauchery of her humiliation lashed her with depraved pleasure.
Then The Diplomat crammed his still pulsing prick back into her mouth and thrust a few times driving his cum deep into her throat gagging her. Forced to swallow his thick deposit Arina drank sperm for the first time and found the taste strange, pleasant and primordial.
Even though it was strange it ignited an orgasm deep inside her. In the deepest part of both her sex and her mind simultaneous ecstasy erupted as the unusual flavor of sperm filled her mouth.
A mouth full of cock, the odd taste of sperm and the dancing of her fingers over her clit combined chemically and Arina exploded in total euphoria. The slide of his cock over her tongue and lips, the blistering friction of fingers on her tender button and the animal taste of cum were all she cared about.
A heat like nothing she'd ever experienced blazed from her clit radiating delight throughout her trembling frame.
When the Russian pulled his cock from her mouth and began to rub it over he face again, smearing cum and drool all over, Arina began to cum even harder, whimpering with need and shame.
Quaking with physical extremity Arina couldn't stop rubbing her clit as Dmitry stroked himself across her features. For a prolonged moment she was welded to her pleasure by the connection his cock made with her skin. The moment he stopped and sat back down, her climax released her and Arina fell in a heap at his feet, abjectly defiled by him, spent from how much pleasure that exploitation gave her.
It took a long time for Arina to discover that Dmitry was asleep.
Sprawled on the floor catching her breath Arina idly stroked her still tingling sex, wishing she could get fucked deep and hard. In her wandering, climax addled mind it was sometimes Dmitry, or other times Lennox fucking her. Then her mind drifted and the fantasy transformed into the guys from the van coming in to the room, headsets on, aroused from listening to her sucking Dmitry.
"Get up!" A tiny, metallic voice hissed in her ear. The sound was only just loud enough to pierce her post orgasmic fog.
"Agent Ivanova get up. the target is asleep."
The earpiece was whispering at her, her handler speaking as quietly as possible to avoid being heard by the Russian. Finally Arina remembered she wasn't done her mission.
Scrambling to her feet she felt the full effects of the drug and the mix of chemicals her brain had secreted as she climaxed. Dizzy, wobbly and disconnected Arina balanced on uncertain legs and looked down at Dmitry.
The diplomat slumped in his chair, his cock shriveled in his exposed lap, his head fallen to one shoulder, drool slipping over his lower lip.
"Focus Agent Ivanova. Finish your mission." The voice was speaking so quietly she had to raise a hand to cup around her earring to even understand the words.
Giggling to herself, stoned and discombobulated from her orgasm, Arina lifted the Russian's glass and wobbled toward the small bar across the room.
How could this be reality? Two weeks ago Arina Ivanova had been a shy, introverted computer technician. It had been weeks since she had even gone out with friends, a year since her last date, and two years since the last time she'd been in a relationship, which prior to tonight was the only way she had ever had sex.
None of her sexual experiences had ever hinted to her that she was a submissive exhibitionist capable of posing as a trafficked sex-slave to spy on a Russian criminal in a case of international espionage.
What kind of mind could come up with something like that?
On the bar a stack of glasses sat ready to use.
Unsteadily, having increasing difficulty focusing on what she was doing, Arina poured the remnants of Dmitry's drink into a new glass. Then she fixed him half a drink in the glass he had already used, remembering to hold the glass in a way so that she didn't cover his fingerprints with her own.
They didn't want any evidence that Dmitry had been drugged.
The trace amounts remaining in the original glass were apparently very difficult to find, and the drug in his body would be processed fully in six hours. He shouldn't wake for ten to twelve. So she had been told.
Arina needed to find Dmitry's computer and to dispose of the fluid in this glass.
She also really wanted to wash her face.
First she had to copy Dmitry's phone.
Bringing both the new smaller drink in the old glass and the new glass with the last two thirds of the drugged drink Arina went back to the sleeping Russian. Placing the drinks down, the decoy drink close to him, she felt around the bracelet pressing the gems to see if one clicked. Finally she felt one depress and release.
That gem began to glow red.
Somewhere near-by Dmitry's phone beeped as it activated.
Watching the red gem Arina waited for it to turn green once again, indicating the phone had been copied, every file, ever app, anything it could retrieve wirelessly.
Stoned and feeling languid after her orgasm Arina slumped to the floor at Dmitry's feet once more. Gazing absently at his cock she idly fingered herself, the excitement of being a spy adding to, not distracting from her lust.
Somewhere in that room there may have been a camera that her handler might be using to watch her masturbating. The thought gave her a disturbing amount of pleasure.
A tiny beep indicated the gem device was done copying the phone.
I had taken ten minutes and Arina had brought herself to climax three times.
Forcing her reluctant body into motion Arina stood and took the drugged drink with her in search of a place to dump it, wash her face and hopefully find Dmitry's computer.
This was a sitting room. multiple wing back chairs in a circle where important people could speak comfortably. Around the periphery of the room were various tables with things they might need. Alcohol, snacks, paper, pens, and charging stations. That was where the Diplomat's phone was, but there was no computer there. There was also no sink.
There were four doors.
One that she'd come through lead to the hallway she's used to get here. Another door on the same wall opened on the same hall further down. Two left. The closer one turned out to be a closet with service linen in it and a stack of chairs.
The last door seemed terribly far away as Arina staggered there trying not to spill the drink. The drug was still increasing its potency in her bloodstream.
"How long have I been in here?" She whispered to the earpiece.
"An hour. Sixty seven minutes." The metallic voice whispered faintly.
"Fuck. I'm still getting higher from the drug. Is that normal?"
"We can't be sure what they gave you, but our collective... um...knowledge... is that most drugs stop peaking after an hour. but there are exceptions..."
"Fuuuck..."
"Hang in there Ivanova." The voice encouraged. "We are analyzing the phone's data. Try and find a laptop or tablet."
Arina had reached the last door. She paused and listened for noises on the other side. Somewhere two other girls were entertaining other diplomats and there were bodyguards for each of them.
Dmitry had asked his guys to go get some food, but they would be back soon.
Arina opened the door hoping to see a bathroom but instead she saw a dark lightless office.
Well that was actually why she was there.
Closing the door behind her she walked to the desk, a laptop sitting on top.
Depositing the glass on the polished surface of the desk she fumbled once more with her bracelet. In the dark room Arina felt along the gemstones once more for the gem that depressed. It clicked when she pressed it and when she clicked it a second time the gem next to it turned red.
The computer beeped as it woke up.
Spent and woozy Arina sat in one of the guest chairs across from the big swivel chair behind the desk. The computer faced away from her. She had no interest in or need to touch anything.
She had been instructed to lay low, stay hidden and quiet because to copy the entire computer might take a while depending on how many files were on it.
There were two other doors in the office, one likely to the same hallway she had used earlier, and another opposite the one she had just used to come in. When Arina tried the knob the door opened revealing a small water closet. A toilet and a sink.
Gratefully Arina washed her face of the mess Dmitry had left on her. When she had fully scrubbed everything she looked at her dripping visage in the mirror and wondered who was looking back.
Arina considered the face of the woman she had saw; wide, black eyes, all pupil no iris, damp hair and pale skin. All her features swirled constantly as her drug addled eyes tried to fit her features together. That was very much how she felt inside her mind. Fractured and swirling, unmoored and no longer herself. Who was that woman looking back at her, naked in a strange office, stealing files from a Russian Diplomat? What kind of woman was she, the one that just sucked off a man to save the life of a kidnapped girl and other unmentioned people?
Using a hand towel she dried her skin and stumbled back into the office feeling even more stoned than before after looking at her face. Slumping in a big chair, the dark quiet gave Arina all the space she needed to contemplate what had just happened in the other room.
Thinking of the behavior she had just exhibited felt surreal. Nothing had felt life altering as it had been happening; she had simply given a man a blow-job, a thing she had done and enjoyed before. And yet... for all the mundanity of the facts, the nuanced details of what had just occurred were likely going to be life altering.
If she survived.
The door to the office opened and the lights went on, blinding Arina momentarily. She raised a protective arm to shade her eyes and tried to see who was there.
The door to the hallway had opened and the two bodyguards had returned with food. The smell hit her just as one of the men, the one who had administered the drug to her asked "What are you doing in here?" aggressively.
"Shhhh." Arina hissed. "He's asleep."
Arina rubbed her eyes as they leaked at the sudden, bright light.
The drugs took the edge off her anxiety about being caught, and the distraction of rubbing her eyes to block the light seemed to be the magic combination that relaxed the guards. They laughed to each other and brought the food to the desk.
Arina moved aside making room. Abruptly reminded of her nudity she scampered behind a big wing-back chair that one of the guards plopped down in. The other man dropped into the other chair and they began to unpack containers of take-out.
"He's all done with you huh?" the bigger dark haired man said.
"Maybe we should take a turn?" The smaller fair haired one who had drugged her sneered.
They laughed and turned to look at her.
If it hadn't been for the drug Arina would have been mortified at the suggestion, but the narcotic enhanced her lust, and lowered her inhibitions. With a blank face she looked back and forth between them as they assessed her.
"Move over here." The bigger man pointed at a spot between the chairs in front of the desk.
Complying automatically Arina stood before them, trying to cover her sex and breasts with her arms but the drug made her efforts languid and unsteady she needed to lean on the desk for support giving them a view of her breasts as she staggered.
"You gave her too much." The big man sounded annoyed.
The fair haired one looked at Arina and then spotted the glass from next door on the desk. Lifting it he said "No, she's been stealing the Boss's good vodka. The dumb bitch mixed alcohol and the drugs."
They laughed cruelly and the big blonde stood and moved in close to Arina.
"You are lucky you can walk at all if you've been pounding these."
Arina reached for the glass worried that he might notice it had drugs in it.
"No no no. No more for you."
Arina's blood ran cold when the man took a big swig of the vodka. Would he taste it and say something to the other bodyguard?
"Aahhh! That is fucking good vodka! The fucking best! Wasted on a whore!"
"Let me have some!" the big man said and reached for the glass.
For one fraction of a second it looked like the fair haired man was going to say no, but something passed between them and Arina understood who was in charge. The smaller man handed the glass to the bigger man who then finished the remaining vodka.
"Ah yes, that is fucking good! Thank you my friend." He slapped the fair haired man on the shoulder. "And because you were so generous I will let you take your pick as to which hole you use on the whore. You're choice!"
He slapped Arina on the ass igniting a fiery heat on her buttock that shocked and then titillated the drug addled young woman.
Humiliated she wailed internally knowing that she was going to shamefully enjoy whatever these men were about to do to her. And the men in the van were going to hear all of it, and probably see it on the laptop camera which was pointed right at her back at the moment.
The Fair Haired man stood close to Arina and looked at her face.
"Cute..." He assessed. "Open your mouth."
Arina obeyed.
He stuck a finger into her mouth. "Suck it. Show me what you got."
Hesitantly Arina sucked his finger, curling her tongue around his digit. When she moved her head back to adjust her neck his finger slipped out of her tongue's grasp titillating her senses, making her tongue tingle excitingly. The tentative whispers of arousal susurrated along her drug heightened nerves.
One hand reached up and she took gentle hold of his wrist as if it were the shaft of his penis. Then Arina began to suck his finger in earnest, working it like she would a hard cock. It felt lewd and sordid fellating a finger but Arina felt her body responding with passion as she revealed to the bodyguard her love of oral sex.
"Ah... that it... Yeah I'll take her mouth. You can have the other end."
Fair Hair wrapped big fingers around her slender neck and guided her over to the chair like a naughty child. Undoing his belt and zipper he lowered his pants and underwear exposing a flaccid cock. Settling in a chair he looked at her expectantly.
Forced to remain in proximity to the laptop while her bracelet duplicated the files Arina was going to have to repeat the humiliation she's performed on the Diplomat. Another person with more experience in spying might have another option; fight, manipulate, negotiate, but Arina was a computer technician, higher than she had ever been on some unknown drug that made her overwhelmingly horny after years without any sexual activity.
Dropping to her knees she opened he mouth and began to massage the man's soft prick with her tongue and fingers, urging him to tumescence.
The slippery sensations of her wet tongue sliding over his soft skin was delicious to her enhanced senses. It felt as if her tongue, lips and all the flesh inside her mouth had thousands upon thousands more nerve endings. There were far more signals coming to her brain. It was overwhelming just how much she could feel and how good it felt.
Moaning at her body's betrayal, Arina pleased herself with his growing member, making sure to touch every area of her mouth with his cock. The thickening flesh grew firmer under her tongue giving that eager appendage more to do. Hard bumps and ridges felt even more appealing to her, and as his shaft lengthened Arina slid her happy mouth further down, filling herself with his hardness.
Slurping up and down making her mouth fill and empty felt fantastic to Arina and she lowered a hand to her clit to rub the burning button between her legs. As soon as the first finer touched the sensitive nubbin Arina felt lust explode throughout her entire being.
Arina had believed she understood what arousal was, knew what passion was, and that she was familiar with lust. The primal, atavistic hunger for sex that abruptly detonated within her body was as unlike the arousal she had known before as if comparing a candle to an inferno. The heat of need that ignited deep in her sex, beyond the reach of her questing fingers felt like starvation.
Whimpering and moaning she shoved her fingers as deep into her soaking wet slit as she could while shoving the fully erect cock she was sucking further down her throat.
Arina needed to be filled!
Up until then Arina had been high, but able to function. The sudden chemical reaction that had just ignited in her brain washed away any thought of saving the women that had been taken. The concept of downloading files and how long she needed to stay in the room left her, replaced with the desire to be a vessel for as much hard manhood as physically possible.
Fantastically there was another man in the room who was going to oblige her.
Watching her suck his partner had worked its magic. The bigger man had stripped his pants and jacket and was now positioned behind Arina. Big hands manipulated her into the position he wanted, her legs wide, ass high. Still shoving her fingers inside herself Arina accommodated him to the best of her abilities but she was unwilling to release the thick cock from her mouth.
When he had her where he wanted the Big Man pulled her hand aside and pressed his prick to her slippery opening. Gratefully Arina relaxed to accept him into her pussy. It had been far too long since she had been fucked and her body trembled in anticipation.
Then he shoved forward and Arina gasped around the cock deep in her oral grip.
The nerves in Arina's mouth felt more sensation than ever before and that had been shocking, but the intensity of feeling in her keenly sensitive sex was stupefying. The heat, tingling, and stretching she felt at that moment froze her.
Paralyzed, Fair Hair's cock wedged deep in her mouth, Arina was helpless, with no control over her rigid body as she accepted what felt like a huge cock deep into her tiny body.
More and more of him delved deeper and deeper into her hungry, but tight pussy. Just when she felt like she couldn't take any more of him he pulled back and Arina wanted him back immediately.
The wait was short. Over and over the Big Man filled her, pressing deeper and deeper, making her stretch further with every thrust. Arina began to sweat at the extremity her body was feeling as her pussy stretched more and more to take him deeper.
The forgotten cock filling her mouth began to move. The sitting bodyguard began thrusting his hips, fucking her mouth.
Utterly consumed with what was happening to her sex, Arina still couldn't move, her open mouth wide in a silent scream as an orgasm rapidly approached like two freight trains, one traveling from her brain to her sex, the other from her sex to her brain.
When the trains of sensations collided; the moment both men thrust into her at the same time filling both her mouth and sex, the explosion ignited at both ends simultaneously. White hot light detonated in the very middle of her brain and all along the tissue of her sex.
Keenly aware of the movement of both cocks in and out of her hypersensitive body, aware of fingers gripping her hips and head as the men used her quaking flesh, sensitive to her skin in a way utterly unfamiliar and overwhelming Arina was also lost lost to the world around her. Her mind felt scattered and lost within a maelstrom of sensation lashing her being with ecstasy.
This creature she had become was an animal in heat howling for attention.
Every muscle in her body clenched and held her rigid as her climax froze her in place. Unconcerned the men continued moving their cocks in and out of her quivering body creating more wonderful sensations that continued to short-circuit her brain with orgasmic delight.
Was it one long orgasm or dozens of rapid ones who could tell. Each time a cock moved inward and filled whichever hole a spasm clenched her muscles tight and white heat erupted in her being.
For long moments Arina knew only the delightful torment of total pleasure, yet eventually her body needed to breathe, her muscled could no longer sustain total rigidity. The tension left her body and Arina went utterly limp, abruptly more spent than she had ever been in her life.
Unfortunately for the overwhelmed woman the big men were more than strong enough to hold her in place. On her knees bent all the way over the fair haired man's lap, Arina weakly tried to hold herself up off the chair. Both men shifted slightly to accommodate holding her weight as she became limp.
The man behind her held her hips still, keeping her in place easily as he hammered away at her throbbing pussy. The man fucking her face gripped her below the jaw and on the top of her head while skull fucking her slack mouth.
Drooling over his cock Arina tried not to choke on her copious saliva. Using her tongue she pushed excess spit down along his shaft, and each time he withdrew long streamers of saliva poured down her chin out onto his lap.
Gasping air each time she could, Arina tried to take control of her limp body but she couldn't summon the strength. Drained and exhausted by the power of her climaxes Arina struggled feebly to take command of her faculties but the profound pleasure she felt as both cocks slipped in and out of her sensitive body robbed her of dexterity.
The man fucking her from behind pounded her harder and faster, driving the cock in her mouth deeper down her throat and sending intense jolts of bliss through her entire frame. As the impacts grew faster and harder the detonations of delight lasted longer and overlapped to become another mighty orgasm.
Once again Arina's whole body clenched with complete euphoria as she climaxed.
The Big Man grunted over and over and then bellowed as he emptied himself deep inside Arina. With a thrust more powerful than any other he crammed himself as far within her grip as possible, stretching her vagina further than ever in her life. There he deposited a load of scalding hot cum deep in her clutching core.
Wailing from the glorious feeling of being filled so completely, Arina shook from head to toe. Muffled by a mouth full off manhood Arina howled to the world that she was in utter ecstasy. The Big Man shuddered and convulsed as her body squeezed him, milking him for more of his precious seed. Spasmodic tremors seized them both as their bodies clenched helplessly in the extremity of climax.
The other man still used her drooling, wailing mouth but most of Arina's being was focused on the expanding and contacting erection wedged so very deep inside her desperate body.
After a brief eternity the Big Man came down from the peak of his climax and couldn't handle the convulsive clench of her vagina milking his sensitive cock. He withdrew from her leaving Arina feeling bereft and empty.
Arina immediately replaced his massive cock with her insufficient little fingers. The drug fuelled hunger she felt was unquenched and she couldn't bear the hollow feeling his absence left.
Panting desperately she began to actively suck the cock in her mouth once more. The climaxing young woman ran her tongue all over his shaft hoping that would assuage the need in her avid cunt.
It helped somewhat, as did her fingers, but Arina's body wanted that big cock deep inside again.
The fair haired bodyguard moaned as her mouth once again actively suckled him. Pleased by his reaction Arina focused once more on how good his cock felt as it moved over the flesh of her mouth. Caressing him with her tongue she delighted her senses with the heat and feel of his manhood.
Releasing Arina's head the man reached below her and began to grope and fondle both her breasts which delighted her. Hypersensitive skin gloried in his touch. When he pinched and tugged her nipples she moaned and whimpered as needles of bliss stabbed her.
Fair Hair shifted and the stood up. Without letting him fall from her mouth Arina lifted with him, adjusting her knees and lifting a hand to start jacking him, Arina continued blowing him, an orgasm shimmering on the horizon of her senses as her other hand rubbing her throbbing clitoris.
The bodyguard once again gripped her head, this time a hand on either side and he once again fucked her face.
Arina stroked his shaft and rubbed her clit faster and faster as her lips and tongue worked his knob greedily. Tingling from all the sensations in her mouth her mind whirled with delight. Suddenly thirsty for thick cum in a way she wouldn't ever have imagined, Arina strove to bring the man to climax.
Yearning to taste hot sperm she looked up at him entreating him to give it to her.
Speaking around the tip of his prick Arina begged "Give it to me. Please!
She plead with him "I want to taste it. Let me, please!"
And he did.
Thick gouts of semen spurted onto her tongue filling her mouth with the strange chemical taste of sperm. Over and over he erupted jets of molten cum into her mouth and Arina swallowed it greedily. Milking him with lips and tongue, while her still stroking his shaft, she urged him to pour more of his load into her thirsty mouth.
With her other hand Arina's insistent fingers rubbed vigorously making her clit exploded in another powerful orgasm.
Far too soon for her overwrought senses it was over, his cum all gone and he pushed her away.
Cum in both ends, her fingers still bringing her utter bliss, Arina needed more but the two men were both sitting with shriveling members.
The bodyguards laughed at her predicament.
"You still want more, huh?" The bigger man said. "Poor little girl, the drug has you burning, doesn't it?"
they chuckled drowsily.
"If I brought ten more men in here would that be enough Little Slut?" Fair Hair said. "It wouldn't. You are gonna want to fuck anything that moves for a couple more hours."
They both laughed as an anguished mewl escaped Arina's lips.
She believed them. Even as she bought herself to an orgasm she felt the need for more stimulus. Fingers weren't enough.
"The only thing that helps is if you can stop touching yourself." The Big Man warned. His tone informed her that he thought that was going to be impossible.
Forcing herself to stop masturbating was far more difficult than she could believe. The endless orgasmic loop she felt urged her to keep keep going. How could she stop mid-climax? But the orgasm wouldn't stop as long as she continued masturbating and the men continued to watch her pleasure herself.
Their eager, amused eyes impelled her to keep going just as much as the drug fuelled delight her nerves felt.
Humiliated by her lack of self-control Arina violently forced herself to stop even though her climax was still in full flow. It were like stopping a sneeze half-way through.
The moment her fingers stopped touching her burning sex her climax faded and the exhausted woman slumped into a low, wide legged kneel, resting one hand on the floor the other wiping her sweaty brow.
As she caught her breathe the orgasmic delight she had been feeling was slowly replaced with an irritating, burning sensation in her sex. Then the feeling spread through her body; an itchy need to be touched.
Arina had never felt a deeper, more insistent desire to be fucked in her life and cum still leaked from her freshly fucked pussy. The tingle reached her mouth and she wanted to suck a cock desperately.
The men watching her distress knew how she was feeling precisely.
Shifting to close her knees and sit more modestly, Arina tried to avoid touching skin to skin. The slightest brush of her hand on her leg sent a tingle of need along her nerves that mortified her. A fierce need to fuck both these men again threatened to drive her crazy.
Trembling, she squirmed where she sat needing to move, to fuck, suck and rub.
It was terrible how powerful the impulse was. Arina had never been a particularly passionate person so the intensity of her need overwhelmed her. Helplessly she wriggled around on the floor trying to feel comfortable, and her hands both drifted toward her sex, needing to sate her hunger for touch.
The second her fingers touched her throbbing clit the impulse to continue grew overwhelming. For a long few seconds she vigorously rubbed herself, almost helpless to stop, like interrupting a big stretch in the morning.
Summoning her drug-scattered self-control she pried her fingers from her tingling button and panted from the effort in cost her.
Shamefully glancing at the two men she saw that their eyes were heavy, the Big Man nodding sleepily.
The drug in the vodka was effecting them.
Fair Hair looked confused. A big hand rubbed his face, trying to rub away drowsiness.
Arina wasn't sure if he's had enough of the vodka to put him to sleep if he fought it. Hoping to keep him distracted she reached out and stroked his bare thigh. Unfocused eyes tried to look at her. Shaking his head, fighting the drug he started to look agitated.
Desperate, Arina swooped closer and once again took his penis into her mouth.
Immediate lust flooded her body once again. Hungrily she suckled his flaccid member urging life into withered flesh.
Big hands grasped her head, but he didn't push her away, he held her close.
At first his manhood began to swell, but before he reached full erection as she licked and kissed it, his penis deflated once again.
The bodyguard had fallen asleep.
Sexually frustrated Arina mewled around the softening cock in her mouth, fingers once more dancing over her clit excitedly. For several seconds Arina attempted to elicit a response from him as she brought herself closer to climax.
A small voice in her ear whispered cautiously.
"They look asleep Ivanova. Stop. Repeat, stop!"
Guilt and shame flooded through her body alongside the lust as Arina remembered she was being observed in her degradation. Letting the soft prick drop from her mouth she forced herself to stop masturbating, whimpering with mortification and balked passion.
"The files are still downloading, but it wont be long now. Get yourself together Ivanova, you are almost done."
Glancing at the laptop she looked right into the little camera lens that had been watching everything that just happened. Shamefully she hoped the men were hard from seeing her behavior.
As the files slowly loaded onto her bracelet she wondered if she should go out to the van after she got the files and fuck the three men in there. Struggling to stand she rose up in front of the desk and lifted a knee onto the polished surface. Spreading her legs, Arina exposing her pink slit to the camera and began to rub herself with one hand while delving deep with the other.
"Agent Ivanova we can see you." The voice of her handler whispered in her ear. "The laptop camera is recording you... you should stop..."
The voice sounded very uncomfortable, Arina was pretty sure she detected a break in professional reserve.
The sordid delight she took knowing the men watching couldn't stop her vulgar display thrilled Arina as her body responded joyfully to her own touch. The drug took the pleasurable sensations and compounded them, the emotional delight she took in exposing herself increased it immeasurably.
"Ivanova... Arina!"
The name was a yell and the tinny sound pierced her eardrum unpleasantly, giving her the ability to break the spell she was under. Arina stopped masturbating and lowered her leg, anguished at how helpless she was in the face of her lust.
Looking at her fingers she noticed the ones she'd thrust deep inside herself were covered in the Big Man's cum. Staring at the glistening fluid on her fingers she wanted to taste it. The flavor of Fair Hair's deposit had grown faint in her mouth and Arina craved more.
Unable to resist Arina sucked sperm from her fingers then shoved them back inside herself seeking more. For a few moments Arina probed her vagina and brought any cum she found up to her thirsty mouth.
When the precious seed grew scarce the exploration of her fingers once again became a full out masturbation.
Arina had no real concept of how long she fingered herself for the camera; multiple orgasms blurred time and space to her perceptions.
Eventually the voice in her ear hissed that the download was compete.
"It done! Get out of there. Get dressed and meet us outside."
Frantically Arina rushed to the other room once more, glancing at the Diplomat to make sure he still slept. Arina grabbed her clothes and dressed. The feel of underwear and the little black dress was a nightmare of unwanted constriction and sensations. The sensation of air on her skin, or skin on skin, that was all she wanted.
Walking was difficult enough that she rejected wearing the high heeled shoes she'd had on when she arrived. Wobbling to the hallway Arina paused to gather her wits, but her mind felt scattered and distracted by the many sensations screaming at her through her skin.
Arina's journey down the hall was surreal. Using her right hand she guided herself along using the wall for balance, but the wall slowly drifted further from her fingers until she was leaning on the opposite wall for support.
Using both walls to balance as she staggered back and forth down the long hallway. Then, using extreme caution on uncertain legs with swimming vision, Arina attempted a flight of stairs. Distantly Arina remembered ascending the stairs a thousand years ago, back in the time before she became a vessel too small to contain the vast lust clawing at her consciousness.
Halfway down the stairs Arina needed to pause and strip the underwear from her burning sex. The underwear was growing wet, clinging to her sensitive nether lips making it increasingly difficult to ignore. The brush of her hands over her legs as she pulled the irritating material down her legs compelled her to touch the smooth length of her freshly shaved limbs.
Stroking her hands up and down her legs Arina relished the feel of skin on skin; her legs loved being caressed and her hands loved caressing. It didn't take long before the woman was sprawled on the stairs stroking her sex helpless to resist the lure of an orgasm.
Arina would have sat on the stairs wringing climax after climax from her burning sex but a door closed someplace above. The first impulse she felt wasn't fear of being caught, it was hope that a partner might arrive. It took a moment for the idea of someone joining her here on the stairs to find the part of her brain that understood the danger in that.
Each time she forced herself to stop masturbating the effort required grew greater than the last. Arina managed to start sliding down the stairs on her butt which jostled her fingers from where they felt welded to her sex.
Sweating, dizzy and disoriented Arina scrambled down the stairs knowing she needed to move.
At the bottom a small foyer she had entered through opened out into a parking garage. The original plan had been for Arina and the other two women, actual sex-trafficked women, to once again climb into the dark SUV they had arrived in. That vehicle was going to be "randomly stopped" by a patrol car and everyone inside eventually arrested.
That was how she was supposed to escape but Arina was now leaving much earlier than the plan dictated. The guards finding her and being drugged ruined any chance of covering Arina's infiltration.
Which meant she had to make it out of the building and to the surveillance van.
Hoping there wasn't a guard on the other side of the door Arina pushed the locking bar and stepped out into the parking garage.
The silence of the consulate gave way to the echoing concrete of the garage. The traffic out in the word sounded loud and invasive. The slam as the door closed behind her jangled her nerves, too loud in her ears.
The drug heightened her sense of hearing as well then.
No guard stepped out to question her. No SUV parked waiting, only the cars of the men inside it appeared.
Arina began the long, difficult walk to the ramp that spiralled up out of the garage. The ground pulsed, rising and falling toward and away from her at random intervals.
She fell to her hands and knees twice before she made it to the wall and could prop herself up.
The sound of footsteps, leather shoes on cement, drew closer rapidly. Was someone chasing her? Arina looked back the way she had come her head spinning, when she stopped turning her head it took a moment for her conscious mind to register the new view, her head whirled as she tried to focus. No one ran toward her from the door she had exited. It looked very far away.
The sound of footsteps still approached. Terrified Arina turned to look up the ramp and once more her head moved faster than her brain, the information coming from her eyes was scrambled and slow. When she could see in front of herself again Arina saw a man standing in front of her reaching for her.
Terrified it was a Russian agent Arina flinched back before she realized it was her handler coming to bring her to the van.
The relief she felt was quickly transformed into lust once more when he touched the flesh of her arms. Wrapping herself around him she tried to kiss him while he disengaged and tried to help her walk.
"Come on. Lets get to the van."
"Wait, waitwaitwait! Fuck me first. Just fuck me for a minute then we can go." she begged.
Delirious with the need to have his cock fill her, Arina reached for it.
The two of them struggled for a moment; she struggled to hold his cock in her hand and he struggled to get her to her feet while fending off her groping hands.
Soon he simply lifted her over his shoulder in a fireman's carry and hauled her bodily up the ramp while Arina reached around his waist to get his cock out of his pants.
"I'm sorry! I'm so sorry. I need it. Give it to me, please." she raved as she bounced up the ramp, her head spinning wildly.
The air felt different on her skin, the sounds of the night were loud and piercing as she was jostled on his back. Desperately she tried to reach the precious cock hidden in his pants but she couldn't get a hold on it. Mewling her frustration Arina pleaded wordlessly for him to stop and fuck her.
The moment he closed the door of the van behind them someone drove the van away from the consulate. The CSIS agent that carried her to the van put her in a chair and strapped a seat-belt around her. Arina felt boneless as she slumped in her seat. Her limbs would hardly respond to her commands to reach for one of the cocks she knew were in this van someplace.
The sound of the engine lulled her, and the inability to undo her seat-belt balked her passion to grab a partner. The burning need to copulate abated the longer Arina went without sexual stimulation. It finally dawned on her that her hands were handcuffed to her chair, that was why she wasn't masturbating at the moment.
The drug still made her feel woozy and hypersensitive to stimuli, but her animal need to rut was dissipating. Thoughts slowly reformed beyond simply seeking sex. Arina was once more able to understand where she was and what was happening to her.
They drove her to a clinic where doctors were waiting to help if anything had gone wrong, or if the women they were suppose to help escape tonight needed any medical attention. Instead Arina received medical attention.
Each new person she encountered she solicited for sex until finally they gave her something to put her to sleep.
Arina woke up when her alarm went off.
She lay tangled in her own sheets, in her own bed, her pajamas twisted around her limbs from the violence of her dreams. Damp with sweat Arina was breathing heavily and felt the fluttery edge of panic hovering just below the surface.
Shamefully Arina disengaged her hands from where they were thrust between her legs. She had been grinding her sex on her own arms clasped between her thighs and Arina realized she had been having a climax when she woke up. Both her pajama bottoms and her panties were soaking wet where they clung her sex.
Flopping back on the bed she sighed.
As the dream evaporated Arina acknowledged how much anxiety she felt about her job tonight.
Tonight, the night she was going to pretend to be a sex-trafficked slave sent into the Russian Consulate to retrieve any files she could that would help ascertain the where-abouts of the young daughter of someone very important.
Arina wondered if, by some strange coincidence the Russians used a drug on their slaves that made them feel uncontrollable lust.
Nimble fingers delved under her pajama pants to touch her slick sex. As Arina fantasized about being forced to suck a Diplomat's cock she brought herself to orgasm over and over...
This was going to be a long day.