"Melissa...I'm sorry I scared you. When I saw you pull up, I was like, Oh my God..I have to come over."
Beth was a teacher's aide that she knew not only from school events and games over the past couple of years, but also from being a volunteer coach at some of the soccer practices and matches that her daughter played in. Melissa thought she also must have been a player when she was younger, because she really seemed to know the game. And from the half dozen or so times that she had seen or talked with her, she also got the impression that she was probably of a stickler about things..that typical, type A personality that was a little uptight and kind of buttoned down. And not someone she'd want to go out with for fun, or meet for margaritas. But she seemed genuinely friendly, and enthusiastic and good with the kids. When she had asked Lexi about her, she remembered getting a response slightly to the right of her usual, monotone 'alright'..which coming from her, was practically a rave.
She smiled while pressing her legs together, and slumped her shoulders with her left arm draped over the steering wheel, to block her thinly covered and still damp breasts.
"It's so good to see you! Are you still here working? I thought school ended like an hour ago?"
Beth glanced briefly down into the car, then back up, and nodded, smiling.
"Yes..I'm working by myself on a project in our room. We didn't have time to finish it today, but I really wanted to get it done for tomorrow. It's this art project the kids made..kind of like a banner of historical events?"
"Wow..that sounds very cool. I'll ask Lexi to take some pictures after it's up, I'd really like to see it."
"It really IS great..and the kids loved doing it. But, here's the thing. I've been looking for a janitor who's still supposed to be here, but I can't find him. I think he went home, and after a fall I had up on one a couple of years ago, I'm just terrible on ladders. I really need someone to help me hang it. I came out here to get something from my car, and saw you pull up..like a godsend! Would you mind?"
Melissa gripped the wheel as as a surge of panic welled up from her belly and into her chest.
"Oh..Beth, I'd love to help! But Lexi's gonna be out here any second from band practice, and I've got to swing by the market and then get home to start dinner."
Beth smiled and shook her head.
"Melissa, it'll work out perfectly. I detoured by the music room on my way out, and Miss Cottman said she's got at least another 20 minutes with them until she lets them out. Its more than enough time for us to get that up. It'll mean SO much to me..and the kids, if you could help."
Melissa went numb, and the tightness in her chest dropped back like a weight to her stomach. This cannot be happening.
She was at a loss..what could she say? No? Or..sorry, I just don't want to?
Her mind raced through possible responses, but she sighed to herself with resignation.
"Of course, Beth..I'd be happy to help."
Beth beamed, and reached into the open window to quickly squeeze her shoulder.
"Thanks SO much..let me just grab some stuff I left in my car, and we'll head in."
She disappeared around the back of her SUV, and Melissa just sat, dazed for a few seconds, before rolling up the window and opening the door to get out. As she swung a leg out and slid off the seat, she felt the flattened baseball cap come out with her, stuck to her ass. Reaching through her legs to peel it away, she looked down between her thighs to see the stickiness that had seeped through the hat from her soaking cunt. Well, at least she didn't stain the leather seat. She quickly brought it up to sniff the dark stain, then tossed it onto the passenger side floor and climbed out and shut the door.
She needed to stay calm and figure out a way to deal with the situation.
Her thin top was still damp in spots, and looking quickly in the driver side window, saw the stark image of her almost transparent breasts and nipples. She didn't bother looking down at her tights, there wasn't a thing she could do about it anyway..no shirt to tie around her waist, nothing. She just set her jaw, ignoring the heavy wetness throughout her crotch and ass, and turned to meet Beth by her car.
Fuck it, If she slumped over to try and hide her chest, or covered herself with her hands, it would just draw more attention to herself. So she decided to act as normal as possible, as if she were dressed like anyone else.
When she got to the back of her SUV, Beth was coming around the corner..and stopped cold to blankly stare, as Melissa walked right up and put her hands on her hips.
"Alright..let's get this done."
Her mouth opened as if to say something, then she blinked..her eyes locking on Melissa's jutting breasts, before scanning down her hips and then coming back up again.
"Uhhh...yes, that's right. Good. So...do you want to put a shirt on, or something? Maybe change before you come in?"
Standing and shifting her weight from one leg to the other, Melissa flexed her butt muscles and felt how wet she was deep between her thighs and asscheeks, from sitting in her flowing, cummy mess for so long. But she didn't waver as she looked directly into Beth's eyes.
"No, I'm good. Just a little sweaty from a hard run. I was expecting to go straight home to shower. I'm a little messy, but unless you mind, I'm good to go."
Beth blinked again with kind of a forced smile, her eyes going down to her tights again before looking up.
"Uhh..sure, If you're okay with it."
Melissa felt a flush of irritation..that she was getting dragged into this, and SHE needed to be concerned about what she was wearing, and Beth's reactions. Fuck it..she didn't ask for this.
She pulled her shoulders back and lifted her chest, and with hands on her hips, shifted her pelvis forward too. Her erect nipples loomed into the bottom of her peripheral vision, and she saw Beth's eyes fix on them again, before she looked up and stammered.
"Okay! I think I got what we needed from my car..let's go in."
Melissa followed her around to big double metal doors, and they went inside and down a hallway that led towards the classrooms near the back of the building. Right away, she felt how hot it was in the corridor. If the air conditioning had been on earlier during school hours, it definitely wasn't on now. And it didn't take long for her body to react to the temperature.
Beth was a half step in front of her, and turned her head to look back. Melissa saw her quickly glance to her chest again before looking back up.
"Really though, thank you. I was kind of in a bind with getting this up by tomorrow, and we have way too much to do once the kids get in early."
"Beth..of course, I'm happy to help."
Walking next to Beth in the quiet hallway, Melissa thought she could almost hear the faint, wet sound coming from her pussy and ass, inside the soaked crotch of her tights. It was a gooey mixture of whatever was left of the ropes of hot cum Steve had pumped into her, along with all of her pussy juices and cum. Some of it was dried into her clothes and crusted along her lips and thighs, but she felt more still leaking out of her. And added to her sweat drenched clothes and body, she was acutely aware of her pungent smell, especially when she stopped moving.
The halls were empty and quiet, and if Melissa didn't know that their were kids still in the music room, she would have thought they were the only ones in the buliding. Beth turned into an open doorway, and Melissa followed her in. It was a typical classroom with a blackboard at the front wall, and a desk and some cabinets, with windows lining one side, facing a row of hedges. Beyond that were the athletic fields. And of course..the windows were closed, which made the room feel even hotter than the hallway.
Beth carried the plastic bag she got from the car over to the wall opposite the windows and placed it on the floor, next to what looked like an array of materials and supplies, along with a stack of large, colorful cardboard placards.
"So, this is our project..the kids did it all. It's like a series of important events covering the first hundred years of American history. It'll all be loosely connected together when it's up, like a banner, kind of..and we're gonna hang it up along the top of this wall."
Melissa felt more pissed than enthusiastic, but did her best to fake it.
"Wow..that sounds interesting. So, what do you want me to do?"
Beth had come closer, and Melissa saw her eyes flit again over her body, then blink again as she pressed her lips together, like she had just caught a distinct odor. She must have..to her own nose is seemed almost overwhelming.
"Well..I was thinking that you'd be up on the ladder to hang the top part of the boards onto the hooks I have for the ceiling tiles, and then keep them steady while I fasten the bottoms, and make sure they're straight. Are you okay with being up on the ladder?"
Melissa heard her phone vibrate on the desk where she left it with her keys. She thought she should check it, it could be a text from Lexi.
"Yeah, that's fine. Let me just check my phone for a sec."
"Sure..go ahead, I'll get the ladder from the closet."
Melissa got to her phone and saw she had five texts. Four were from Lexi, and the other from a number she didn't recognize. She hit Lexi's first.
'Mom are you here yet??'
'We have to stay later. Can I go home with Amelia?'
'Her mom is getting pizza and we can study for our history final"
'PLEAZZZZZ!?!?'
Shit..that figures. With all this running around, and now getting roped into helping Beth. If Lexi had only texted her ten minutes earlier, she could have been home already and showered. Or more likely spread out right now on the carpet in her bedroom, with her tights around her ankles, and fingers deep in her sore and sticky cunt. Or probably a dildo or her vibrator.
'Yes honey, that's fine. I'm in Miss Schulman's room now helping with a project. I know..don't ask!'
She added a few surprise and shock emoticons and hit send.
And then, 'Text me when you get to Amelia's. LUV U.'
She looked at the other number and opened the text.
'It's Steve. Are you home yet? I can't stop thinking about you, smelling you all over me. Have you showered yet? I hope not..I need to eat you and clean you out and fuck you again. I'm out of here soon, I can meet you in the mall in the back behind the tower lights. I need your pussy, babe!'
Melissa was stunned, and she read it again..aware of her nipples burning almost uncomfortably against the thin material of her tank top, and a dull pulsing in her tights. Her mouth was dry.
'Fuck baby..YES!! I need that SO bad too. I'm at the school but Lexi's going home with a friend. I can be there in like a half hour.'
She sent it, then heard scraping and looked up to see Beth half carrying, half dragging a beat up, heavy looking metal ladder.
"This should work okay. And I'm glad you're here because I don't like being high up on ladders, even ones like this."
Melissa dropped her eyes to quickly tap her phone.
'Baby..you won't believe how I SMELL and look, your cum is still leaking out of me and my pussy is throbbing. I want you to eat me out and fuck me!'
She sent the text and stuck her phone into the waistband of her tights, then walked over to Beth, who was trying to open the ladder. A renewed current of sexual energy had surged through her, reading Steve's texts, and she had a powerful urge to reach down and touch the thick nub that poked noticeably into her tights, just above the juncture at her thighs .
There was a muffled curse, and she looked to see Beth struggling with the ladder.
"Beth..here, let me help with that."
She looked at Melissa with relief, and pushed it towards her. It looked old and well used, and was streaked with numerous layers of paint that had accumulated over the years.
"Please..I'm just not good with them, or anything mechanical really. And this one is hard to open."
Melissa held one side with her left hand and pulled hard on the other with her right, and nothing moved. She tried again, and then looked inside for some kind of catch or lock. She was right, there didn't seem to be any obvious lever or catch that would release it. Then she saw something on the inside near a step, a little bent metal thing, and pulled up on it and tugged again, and the ladder creakily opened up.
Jesus, she was starting to really sweat again, now for the second time into clothes that had been soaked earlier and hadn't even fully dried out yet. She wiped her face and neck with the flat of her hand, and then on her tights over her ass. Beth rummaged through the supplies on the floor, and came up with a roll of twine and metal clip, along with a large piece of artwork.
"Oh..good, you got the ladder. We can start here..a couple of feet past the door. And let's leave enough room for me to be between you and the wall. Maybe we can have the ladder sideways instead of facing forward?"
Melissa's phone buzzed again..tingling the skin under the hem of her tights along her hip..and the vibration felt delicious, reminding her of just how little she was wearing and how sexually on the edge she was. Even after all the gut wrenching orgasms she'd had already today. If anything, they had only made her more crazy horny..and so did exposing herself again like this. First it was Steve, then the guys in the gym after she left the office..and even those bitches in the lobby by the front desk, who made remarks about her. Now she was stuck here with Beth. If only her phone was in the front of her tights and down near clit. The thought made her smile to herself. A couple more texts, or the long pulsing of an unanswered phone call..Jesus, she might cum right then, and probably ruin her phone.
Her nipples were hard again..they felt thick, and sensitive. She wanted so badly to reach up and roll and pinch them to relieve the sexual tension that had been building back up, like scratching an itch. When she turned again to Beth, her damp blonde hair stuck, and then dragged along the back of her shoulders, and she only imagined what a mess she looked like.
"Okay..let's give it a try."
She pulled the ladder underneath what looked like little brackets or hooks that connected to the frames in the drop ceiling, a couple of feet away from the wall. Looking up, she understood then what the display was. It was very clever..like a mobile, where the artwork would be suspended out from the wall and then angled inwards as it descended, to where Beth would tie the ends of the twine into small tacks at the bottom near the floor. Definitely more sophisticated and interesting than just hanging them flat on the wall, creating like a three dimensional effect.
She positioned the ladder so Beth would have some room at the bottom, and climbed onto the first two steps, then tugged the phone from her tights to open the last texts.
'Babe..I need your body and wet pussy so fucking BAD baby..send me pics!'
She looked quickly at Beth, who had crouched down with her back turned as she sorted through the boards, then reached to fondle her breast. A surge into her belly and groin, and she reflexively scissored her thighs together. The thin, ribbed tank was molded to her breast like a second skin..and when she pinched and rolled her nipple between her thumb and middle finger, a gush of warm milk flowed out to soak into the already damp material.
She hurriedly found her camera app and reached out to take a selfie, biting her lip and pressing her thighs together as she rolled her nipple again. More warm milk streamed through the thin pink cloth and surged over her fingers.
Fucking shit..her pussy was on fire. God, she wanted to touch it, or just..press it up against something. Hard.
Below her, the scuffed tile floor just behind where Beth was crouched, splattered from the pale, milky droplets. She snapped another pic as Beth stood and turned, then quickly dropped her hand to her side.
Beth looked at her in an unfocused way, like she wasn't sure of what she was seeing. Melissa inhaled deeply through her nose to steady her breathing, still feeling the prickling glow in the nipple that she had twisted and tugged.
"I just had to take a picture of this..there're some people who've never seen me up on a ladder."
Beth didn't say anything, just blinked..her eyes going to her chest and then down, before finally looking up again, her mouth slightly parted and face a blank mask. Melissa didnt dare glance down, but knew her breast was soaking through her stained top, the nipple for sure transparent and most likely still dripping.
Her face flushed with embarrassment..but also with a surge of anger. Why should she care what this..prudish, busybody thought of her? She could only imagine the opinion she had already, after giving her the once over in the parking lot. She probably couldn't wait to get on her phone later to tell her friends about this..and give them the dirty details about what a slut Melissa Bentson is.
Slut.
A word she thought about alot lately..and had grappled with for years in the conversations she'd have in her head while driving, or sitting at her desk in the office. Or once in awhile on the treadmill at the gym, or in a spin class soaked with sweat and locked in on Jeannie, her favorite instructor who had a body that made her mouth and pussy wet.
A couple of times recently, thinking about her life and how it was constantly changing and evolving, she realized how much SHE was changing. Her desires and horniness, and the fantasies she drifted into. Sometimes feeling like they were becoming compulsions.
What she knew for sure was, it wasn't normal. Whatever that meant.
She grew up hearing the word slut like everyone did, as a negative thing and something to be ashamed of. And it seemed in her experience at least, that you were branded that mostly by other women. At least in the way the seemed to sting the most. You most likely heard it from one of your parents when you were like fifteen, catching you on your way out of the house wearing a skirt that they thought was too short. You'd hear, 'you have to be careful honey..you don't want to get a reputation with the boys as being a slut. Even if it's not true, it's something that will stick with you.'
But now..it wasn't something that she wanted to hide from, or try to deny or resist..not anymore. Something had been changing in her, or what it really felt like was that it had always been inside her..it just WAS her..as far back as she could remember. And now she couldn't tamp it down or hide anymore..and didn't want to either.
Slut...SLUT. God..just thinking it made her mouth water.
She pulled her shoulders back, lifting her chest even higher, and put her left foot up onto the next step of the ladder, which bent her knee up and out. Then rotated her body and hips, slightly turning to push her pelvis out until it faced Beth. The crotch of her tights were completely stuck to her, like they were part of her body, and pushing her pelvis forward like that with her thigh out away from her body..she felt her cunt lips slowly peel apart and open up against the thin crotch of her soaked tights. Gaping now, and swollen.
Beth's eyes lowered, and then widened, and Melissa saw her swallow as she stared directly at her pelvis. She had to be fixated on her thick lips creasing the damp, faded material. And her clit..God, it felt SO big right now. Mostly, it got like this when she was masturbating and bringing juices up from her pussy to tease and edge herself, engulfed in a fantasy..sometimes mixing in spit as she periodically tasted and then re-wet her fingers, til her clit with its fleshy retracted hood and the upper part of her lips were engorged and glistening.
It felt like that now, without even touching herself, and she knew it was a culmination of the whole afternoon..and now being stoked again by displaying herself right in front of Beth.
She was still kind of annoyed by the whole situation..getting roped into something she didnt want to do, while she could be sitting on a huge cock right now and cumming her brains out. But had to admit that she felt a perverse thrill with being in front of Beth like this.
"Sooo..you want to give me that first one so we can get this going?"
Beth startled at Melissa's voice, and her eyes shot up as she jerkily lifted a large cardboard panel up to her. Melissa noticed her cheeks were red, and her nostrils flared again when she handed her the artwork. When she cleared her throat and finally spoke, it was throaty and halting.
"So..umm..you see the little loops I already made on each corner at the top. You can fasten them to the hooks, and..uhh, I'll do the bottom part."
When she reached out with the board, Melissa extended her left hand and fingers, still gleaming milky in the overhead lights, while looking at her phone in her right.
"Hold one sec, hon..I have to send this text."
She hit send on the first pic to Steve, then the second one. She had to admit, her tits looked amazing, and seeing the image of her milk bubbling out from her engorged nipple and through the thin, stained top made her pussy throb, and she flexed her butt muscles and jutted her pelvis forward even more.
Beth just stared at her as she tapped on her phone, then her eyes followed as she hooked the waistband of her tights with a finger to slip her phone back in place. And obvious again that she didnt have anything on under those tights, Then took the board from Beth.
"Okay..this shouldn't be too hard, right?"
The storyboard was maybe two feet high by three across, and gorgeously done..a colorful scene of a wintery colonial town. And truly amazing how talented some of these kids were. She turned back towards the wall and pushed up off her bent leg so she was standing now with both her feet on the middle step, then reached above her head to find and attach one of the corner loops. It took a little doing..the end of the hook had a little spring catch that had to be pressed down first to open it, and she made sure to press her thighs into the top rail of the ladder for support as she held the artwork in one hand and stretched to work the clasp. Her fingers were still wet, and slipped on the metal spring.
Damn, this was trickier than it looked. Finally she got it and lifted up the board with her other hand to hook the twine loop, and got a genuine jolt when she felt Beth's hand press into the back of her leg, maybe halfway up her thigh.
"Honey..be careful. I know you're not that high up, but I just have this thing about people being up on ladders."
It totally shocked Melissa..it was literally the last thing she expected from Beth, and especially in this situation. Not the fact that she was concerned about her safety or being overly cautious..that definitely fit with what she thought of her. It was that she had actually touched her, and especially looking and smelling the way she did now. And then even more so, after she had gotten pissed off and said 'fuck it'..and pretty much went into full slut mode.
She figured after the initial shock in the parking lot, it would be disgust and keeping her distance after that..or worse. Was it possible that she had her completely wrong?
Beth's hand was warm on the back of her thigh, and her fingers spread out more against the thin material covering her hamstring, sending a charge up leg and into her groin.
After securing the first loop, she glanced down and saw how close Beth was..standing right next to her right hip with her face almost even with her ass, a couple of feet below her chest. And looking directly up at her tits. And being that close, she was for sure enveloped by her sweat and cum soaked body. And not moving away, even a little bit.
"Beth, honey..thank you! I kind of got nervous myself once I got up here. I'm really glad you've got ahold of me."
Melissa didn't feel nervous at all..she wasn't even that high up. But now she was sparked by Beth's reaction to her, and wanted to see where it could go.
Lifting the other corner of the board up to open the clasp and slip the loop in place, she exaggerating the effort it took, and pushed her ass back into Beth's warm hand. The hand pressed back in response, and then rode up a couple of inches along the back of her leg to stop just under the juncture where her leg and asscheek came together.
"Ok..careful babe. I got you."
Melissa's pulse throbbed in her neck, along with a dull and aching sensation in her raw nipples. The stuffy heat in the closed up room was really having a major effect on her too, like it did a few hours earlier in the small, cluttered room at the gym. Her blond hair was matted again along her shoulders and rivulets of sweat rolled down her neck and into the furrow between her breasts, and from under her arms to soak into her top. She was falling into that hyper aroused, sexual place again..like being bent over with her legs spread wide and rooted to the gym floor with random guys gawking all around her..and closing in. Now it was with this woman who was right next to her. And she needed to push things even further, to see where it would go.
The small hooks that attached the twine loops to the ceiling really weren't that hard to open and maneuver, but Melissa pretended that she was struggling with the spring levered opening, and feigning frustration, lifted her right foot up to the next step and jutting her ass hard into Beth's hand.
"Dammit..I just..need to get a little higher. You got me back there, honey?"
Along with thrusting her ass back even more, putting her left foot up onto the next step extended her knee out to the side and opened up her thighs and crotch as she rotated her hips.
Beth shifted and took a half step to lean in behind her right leg, and Melissa felt her hand move up a bit more, now just a shade under her ass and on top of her muscular hamstring, and at the same time creeping ever so slowly inwards..her fingertips moving to wrap into her inner thigh, and just inches underneath her aching cunt.
Beth cleared her throat, and it sounded like she was talking directly into Melissa's open and steaming ass.
"You're good babe. You're..not going anywhere."
Melissa's whole body was vibrating with energy and heat..and she could picture Beth looking directly into the soaking and frayed crotch of her tights that delineated every crease and fold of her thick outer lips and clitoris.
She swallowed hard and set her jaw, and tightened her abs and butt muscles again, then clenched her asshole and deep in her pussy. God..she wished she had something to put in there to squeeze against.
"Damn, this hook thing..it keeps slipping.."
Beth's hand tightened again on her leg, then moved up an inch. Up higher between her opened thighs and closer to her pulsing cleft.
"Honey..no worries, take your time.."
She fiddled the hook between her sweaty fingers..slowly and deliberately taking her time to latch it onto the second loop of cord, and strained to push her hips back a fraction more, while clenching her pussy and anus again..and hard, like she was trying to stop an urgent piss midstream or clamp down on something in her ass. Like what she imagined a buttplug must feel like. It was one of those moments where she felt like she could cum without even touching herself..and when she let go and released her muscles, she felt a surge of cum seep through her open lips and spread warmly into her tights.
Beth's fingers instantly dug harder into her thigh, and Melissa heard a low gasp.
Fucking..God. She saw that for sure. Her pussy was throbbing, and her..wetness soaked and spread through the thin, stretched material.
Jesus, was there that much still inside of her?
She thought it could be more of the ribbons of jism that Steve had pumped deep into her, or maybe just her own flowing juices from being out of her mind horny since she woke up this morning. Most likely a mixture of both.
She was frozen..body aching to be opened and touched and probed. And also transfixed by the hand high up on her leg, with fingers wrapped inside her inner thigh and right under her spasming sex. It was a firm, 'I got you' grip..but more than that..with just enough pressure to be pulling her muscled cheek out and spreading her ass open.
Beth started to say something, sounding distant and gravelly..then stopped and cleared her throat, and Melissa heard a deep inhaling sound, like someone would do in a garden next to rose bush or patch of lilacs. When she spoke again, it was like voice spoke right into her opened up ass.
"Please..be careful, baby."
Beth's other hand press into the outside of her leg, now both her hands completely circled around her upper thigh, with the top of her inside hand maybe an inch under the soaked bulge of her pussy. A small spasm rippled through her before she could stop it, and she suppressed a powerful urge to just squat onto Beth's hand.
She tried to dampen another one, but it ended up like trying to muffle a sneeze..she twitched, and then shook all over, and she had to flex the muscles in her butt and legs just to keep steady where she was perched. There was no way that Beth didnt see, or feel, that too..being right on her like she was and engulfed in her rich odor. And what felt like inches from her spasming crotch, as she had a small orgasm.
She watched another couple of drops of sweat fall from her nose to flatten on the floor, and felt more rivulets rolling from under her arms and down her neck and into her chest. She was a complete mess again, like a couple of hours ago in that cramped, oven hot room at the gym. And after the small, half suppressed orgasm that she just had, her body was aching for more.
Beth's hands were steady, high up on her thigh..so maddeningly close, but not going any higher. Melissa wanted so badly to just bend her knees a tiny bit, to see what Beth would do. But the moment was getting longer, and soon would be awkward..it was obvious now that she was done attaching the clips overhead.
She sighed and let go of the cardboard, and it swung down from the hooks, looking fairly straight.
"Ok..I think I got it."
A couple of beats went by, and then Melissa felt her hands slide off her leg.
Twisting around to look down, she saw Beth step from behind her ass and move to the side of the ladder. Her face was damp and flushed bright pink, and gleamed in the lights overhead. She gazed at Melissa's chest again before briefly locking eyes, then moving around the ladder.
"Uhh..yes. That's..fine, Melissa. I'll..just do the bottom now, and then we can go to the next one."
She looked at her dazedly before turning and crouching down between the ladder and the wall, where she'd fasten the twine hanging from the bottom right corner of the board to down near the floor.
Not much earlier, Melissa had been eaten and fingered and fucked to massive orgasms, but her body was on fire again, and she needed to cum, badly, or get some kind of release. And she couldn't escape her smell..it was driving her out of her mind. Her phone on her hip buzzed, and she pulled it from her tights to open the text.
'Holy christ honey..you're still dripping with milk. I need to suck it all out of you and your wet cunt too.'
Another buzz and text.
'SEND ME MORE!'
Her tongue flattened up against the roof of her mouth and she swallowed a surge of saliva, and leaned hard into the crossrail, mashing her pubic mound against the rough, worn metal. Beth was right below her now, bent over and taking something out of a plastic bag. She could maybe risk trying to quickly finger herself, or do something, but she'd have to be careful if Beth turned back, or got up fast.
From her perch on the second step, her mound was already up against the top edge of the short ladder, and it gave her an idea.
Pushing up on the ball of her right foot, she grabbed the rough edges of the flat top and swung her left leg up and over to the other side of the ladder, sitting right on top. Now she was facing the wall with her legs apart and knees out wide, with her feet on the middle step on each side, and her butt straddling the six inch wide, flat top. She leaned forward to hold the front edge for support, and looking down at Beth, mashed her gaping cunt hard against the rough metal surface.
"Be done soon down here, Melissa. If you want to move the ladder, you can."
Fucking SHIT..it was so good to have something hard to press up against, and she tilted and rolled her hips to grind her wide open lips and clit against the rough metal underneath. Her phone vibrated again as she watched a bead of sweat, followed by another one, fall from the tip of her nose and plop onto Beth's blouse above the hem of her skirt. Melissa had never looked at her in this way before..shit, she had barely even knew her. But she had a good body underneath the school appropriate, work outfit she wore.
She knew she had to get down any second, but the sensations coursing through her cunt and clit were intoxicating..she could even hear the squelching wetness inside the sodden, worn cloth as she mashed her open lips hard against the bumby shelf.
She ground her clit one last time, sending a spark of pleasure into her belly and chest, then pushed onto her left foot to lift up off the shelf. As she did, there was a ripping sound, along with a sensation of the thin, gummy material between her legs peeling away from her skin and opening up. She quickly lowered her ass to stop the tearing, and reached back through her thighs with her hand..to slid right over her bald mound and into her wet, gaping lips. Craning her head down, saw the edge of the ragged tear in her tights, caught on a raised rivet in the metal.
"Honey..are you alright?"
Beth had stood up at the sound and turned to see Melissa hunched down and straddling the top of the ladder, with her hand between her legs.
"I was..taking a rest on top and when I started to get off, I think my tights got caught and tore. I'm still caught on something..I think a fucking screw. I'm gonna try to pull it off without making it worse."
She didnt want to lift up too much, so she was feeling blind, with her fingers following along the ragged opening as her wrist and top edge of her hand turning in her slick pussy.
Beth reached out to touch her shoulder, then moved and stepped around the ladder.
"No..honey, don't! You cant even see where its caught. Let me do it."
Melissa tensed to lift up, then stopped still, and purposefully let a couple of seconds tick away.
The few seconds when she could've bolted up and tore herself off before it was too late, scrambling down the ladder while doing her best to explain it all away.
But Beth was behind her now, and Melissa just..gave in to herself and let go. Finally.
Let go, and embraced the pulsing horniness that she felt the moment she woke up that morning with her body tangled in the sheets, reaching between her splayed legs to play in her sticky cunt. And even more so, if she honestly admitted it to herself, succumbed to her burgeoning compulsion to display herself. She had been fighting it for a long time..not even sure when it had really started to creep into her thoughts and fantasies, but it was undeniably the reason why she dressed like this for her consultation at the gym earlier today.
She flexed her thighs while rotating her hips to lift and really spread open her butt, then raised up until she felt the tight cloth outside her crotch begin to tear again clear across to the other side. Beth's other hand shot out to press hard on her hip, stopping her from lifting any higher.
"Melissa..wait, hold up, let me try..."
Then she went silent, but the hand on her ass gripped her tighter, and Melissa pictured her staring in shock at the sight of her now completely exposed and inflamed crotch and pussy..with her asshole and thick lips swollen pink and purple and richly glistening in the harsh light.
"I...your tights..are ripped wide open. Honey..oh my..GODDD.."
Melissa lifted her head and shut her eyes, revelling in finally being displayed gaping wide to Beth. Beads of sweat coursed across her forehead and off her cheeks, and down the length of her nose to the floor..little liquid bursts splashing onto one of the cardboard panels.
"Melissa..HONEY..."
Her clit was pulsing..uncovered now and protruding from the front of her torn open crotch.
With one hand still clamped to the front rim of the ladder, she arched her back and tilted her ass up to reach with her other hand under her belly and over the waistband of her tights, til her fingers pushed past the ragged opening and over the smooth sloping mound and onto her clit.
Then she swallowed to stop from croaking.
"Can you find where I'm stuck, Beth? I won't move a muscle til you do."
"My God..yes..Melissa..."
One hand gripped hard on her asscheek, then she felt a pulling on the left side, underneath where her tights were still snagged on the ladder. Beth's hand was under her now, deep between her thighs, her fingers working at the shredded material. Melissa flattened out her back and bent her knees to get lower, pushing her slick, open lips down onto the hardness of Beth's thumb and knuckles. And then she began to play with her distended clit with her middle finger..lazily circling it with her flowing sweat and lubrication.
Her phone vibrated again inside the waistband of her tights, and she heard Beth inhale deeply, then softly murmer her breath out.
Fingers dug harder into her ass, and she sensed her leaning in, then heard her breathe again, seemingly right in her ass.
"Holy FUCK, baby...your pussssy..."
Melissa rolled her hips again, and mashed her open sex hard onto Beth's hand, her fleshy lips spreading around the thumb and first two knuckles with a wet sloshing sound
She dropped her head and moaned.
"Fucking GOD...Beth. I needed this soooo bad!"
She felt Beth's hands shaking, and her voice was a raspy whisper.
"You are..soooo..fucking WET!.."
Melissa grunted when Beth dug hard into her full, muscular cheeks to pull and stretch open her asshole and lips.
"Ohhh..my God! YES!! Open me up baaaaabe.."
Her middle finger urgently worked at her clit, while she ground down again on the top of Beth's knuckles, and then groaned through clenched teeth as Beth rotated her hand through the swollen, wet flesh to jam her thumb deep into Melissa's cunt, while her other fingers slid up and and over her mound.
"Melissa..HONEY..."
Beth's fingers slid over and around her hard clit as their fingers discovered the other's..twining and tugging with a fierce urgency. She felt Beth's breath on her exposed asshole, as her thumb jackknifed deep into her sopping hole.
"Goddddddd...yesssss!"
Melissa's rocked back, trying to get it even deeper into her pussy. It felt amazing to have something..anything inside her again. But she needed more..so much more.
An image flashed in her mind of walking around with a big thick dildo buried deep in her cunt..at the grocery store as she shopped, or sitting on it at her desk in the office..grinding and cumming as she talked on the phone. Was it possible? She'd have to start wearing underwear again..or some kind of harness to hold it in as she walked and moved around. And she'd be continually leaking..dripping, and probably squirting as she came. And she would cum, repeatedly.
She saw herself again, this time walking into Target to do some shopping, after an excruciatingly pleasurable drive while grinding and cumming on a huge dildo..with the insides her bare thighs and calves wet and shining in the afternoon sunlight, and a dark stain spreading along the back of her short denim skirt..and barely concealing the latex cock pushing out into the stretched crotch of her tiny thong.
God..the thought of that, and the people around her as she walked by. Or bent over to look at something on the bottom shelf of an aisle..
She blinked herself out of her fantasies, and her eyes focused to see the floor below her wet from big drops of sweat splattering onto the hard linoleum, along with one of the cardboard murals, then they faded as she shut her eyes and she strained to get more of Beth's hand inside her. Her phone had started buzzing again, with the sound of her tights ripping again, but it all was clouded in her building sexual frenzy.
"Melissa..you feel...baby. SOOO fucking wet..and HOT. Your SMELL..."
Beth's voice was shaking, and Melissa felt the slick fingers that were frantically rubbing and fucking her pull away, and then both hands clamped on the cheeks of her ass, spreading them wide apart. Then she bucked and yelped when a nose mashed hard into her asshole, and Beth's mouth and tongue began to probe and eat her steaming cunt.
"Bethhhhhh...FUCK BABY??...yessssss!"
Sucking in air and then groaning it out loudly, she pushed back hard, and yelped as she felt her straining asshole open around around Beth's nose as her tongue plowed through her fat, syrupy cunt.
Her body was consumed by the electric sensations coming from deep between her legs, and rippling up through her belly and chest to pop into a hot glow behind her cheeks and her eyes. Beth regripped as much of her damp, fleshy cheeks as she could in her hands to pull her wider out, and pushed her nose back into her asshole as she desperately tried to get her tongue as far as she could into her pussy..swirling and then licking out broadly, then back in to fuck her deep.
Melissa was panting..and pushing back into the wetly muffled voice coming from what felt like inside of her.
"Mmmmmm...gwdddd...sooo sweet bayyybbbb.."
But there it was again..that distant but persistent vibration, like a tiny beam of light piercing through the thick fog of her brain.
Her phone. Lexi.
The thought of her daughter, in the school now, literally jolted her. Call it a mother's intuition..even a slut mother's.
She swallowed and raised her head.
"Beth...wait. Just for a second, I need to check my phone. I know its crazy..but just..you can stay there honey. Let me do this."
Beth groaned into her cunt and lifted her face out of Melissa's ass, as she snaked her phone out from her tight, damp waistband and swiped it on.
Four texts from Steve. Two were from Lexi, and she opened those first.
'Mom? Are you still here??'
'I'm gonna come by Miss Schulman's room on my way out.'
Shit..heading here now. SHIT.
She jerked up..twisting her left knee up and around the ladder, moving fast and ripping the hole in her tights even more until it tore midway down along the inside of her thigh and came free, and scrambled down.
"Beth..my daughter! She's headed her any second..my GOD!."
Beth looked stunned, her face glowing pink and flushed, and glistening from high up on her nose to below her chin with sweat and pussy juice. Melissa felt her whole crotch open to the air..and crouched to dip her head as, she pulled up the bottom of her tank top to mop her face.
"Beth..quick, wipe your face off!"
She quickly straightened to look around and grabbed the only thing she saw, just as Lexi's voice sounded from outside the open door.
"Mom?"
Melissa whipped the cardboard panel in front of her hips as Lexi shuffled into the room with Amelia. Just as Beth's arm came down over her face and off her chin, to clasp her other hand in front.
"Lexi..Hi honey!"
"Hey mom..Hi, Miss. Schulman."
"Hello Lexi, it's good to see you. Hey Amelia."
"Hi Miss Schulman."
"Mom..your shirt. What happened? Its gross."
Melissa felt heat surge into her cheeks again, and set her jaw to stay calm, even with her heart thumping in her chest.
"I know honey, I just came from a spin class and got really sweaty. I didn't know I'd be helping Ms. Schulman with this. And it's hot in here..you know how I get."
Lexi was clearly embarrassed, and she saw her look to her chest.
"Whatever. You should at least wear a bra when you go out."
Melissa had to check herself, so it didn't turn into a thing. Not now.
"Lexi..thank you for the advice, and let's not get into it now, okay? I thought I'd be in the car until you came out."
"Okay..whatever."
"Are you still going home with Amelia? And your parents are good with that, Amelia?"
"Yeah."
"Yes."
Melissa felt panic when she saw Lexi's eyes shift down her body, then relief when she realized she was looking at the posterboard.
"That's the art project you guys are putting up?"
Melissa craned her head to look down..careful to keep it centered in front if her. It colorfully depicted what looked like a harbor with boats, and people working on docks.
"Yes..these are all terrific. I'm glad I can help Ms. Schulman put these up."
Beth smiled and put her hand on Melissa's shoulder.
"Lexi, I cant believe how lucky I am to have your mom wander in here today."
Amelia's head came up from her phone.
'Lexi..we have to go. My mom's here."
Melissa caught her eye and silently mouthed 'I love U', and Lexi rolled her eyes before smirking the tiniest of smiles back.
"Text me after you get there and settle in. I know you're having pizza, so I wont make any dinner."
"Okay..bye. Bye Ms. Schulman"
"Bye, honey."
"Bye, girls."
They watched them leave, neither of them saying anything, then turned to look at each other. Beth just shook her head, and Melissa dropped hers and swore.
"Holy FUCK..."
"I can't believe how crazy that was."
Melissa tossed the board she was holding on the floor.
"Go lock the door."
"God..yes!"
Beth literally ran towards the door, while Melissa parted her thighs to look down at her shining mound and lips, framed by the ragged edges of a huge opening that spread halfway down one thigh.
Beth came back and was unbuttoning her blouse, shrugging it off her shoulders, and still shaking her head.
"Jesus..that was close. We should have locked the door, but I guess I didnt think I'd be eating your pussy when I asked you to help me."
She smirked as she shrugged off her shirt, revealing a thin white bra with a hint of dark nipples showing through.
"Wait..not even a little bit? Even after you couldn't stop staring at my tits in the parking lot?"
Melissa laughed, and leaned in to cup the back of her head, and they kissed for the first time. A sloppy, playful kiss, and both giddy and trembling a little from the aftereffects of adrenaline and nervous energy after the near disastrous situation with the girls.
"Honey..I want to be with you now, I need it sooo fucking bad. But we don't have long."
"Wait..what? Isn't Lexi going to Amelia's?"
"I know, but..this is gonna sound nuts. A guy is waiting for me at the parking lot at the mall. Right now, to fuck the shit out of me. It's a long story..and why I showed up here like this."
Beth's eyes widened, and she barked a laugh.
"You're fucking..kidding me.."
"I know..it's crazy! But here..look."
Melissa swiped her phone and opened Steve's texts, as Beth leaned in at her side and read it with her.
'Babe...send me your amazing cunt when you can. I'm in my car stroking to that pic you sent..fuck, ur nipples!"
Beth looked up at Melissa.
"When you were underneath me before I milked my nipple thru my shirt and sent him the pic."
"Yeah..you slut, I know. I saw your shirt, it was dripping through. But your smell, babe..once I got closer.."
She scrolled to the next one.
'I'm throbbing and leaking..not gonna cum til your here.'
The next text was a photo..of a huge engorged penis, looking thicker and longer than she even remembered it.
"Unghh..that was deep in me like an hour and a half ago..he fucked me soooo good. When I came, I literally gushed all over both of us."
"My God..he's fucking huge."
Beth reached back and slid her hand between her Melissa's asscheeks and over her asshole, then deeper..into her molten lips. At the touch of Beth's fingers, her legs opened..like an unconscious reflex now, something she felt unable to control, consuming her psyche like the aromas coming off her body. She scrolled to the final two texts.
'Are you close?'
And then another pic of his cock..this time a supersharp closeup of the bulbous head with a strand of precum drooling off.
Beth's head slowly shook in amazement as she leaned in to get a closer look.
"Fuuuck...I pretty much like girls, but I'm even turned on by that."
Interesting, Melissa thought..she never would have guessed that from the impression she had..or had made, of her. But maybe that was the thing about making assumptions like that, you could be really wrong about somebody.
"I know..I couldn't stop cumming on it."
Beth's fingers dug into her sopping lips..half fucking her and then sliding out and spreading her juice back up around her asshole. Melissa shuddered, and started to squat..then straightened and turned. Beth's hand came out with a wet squelch and she narrowed her eyes quizzically.
"No..baby..its okay. I want you back in me, but we gotta take a quick video first..then send it to him, okay?"
"Really?...fuck, that's hot."
Melissa gave her the phone and went to the big wooden desk at the front of the room. She quickly cleared off the few utensils and papers onto the floor, then climbed up and settled onto her back, and arching up to pull her damp, dirty top up over her tits.
Beth's eyes locked on her as she reached back to unhook her own bra, pulling it off to uncover small, but firm breasts, topped by crinkly, chocolate colored nipples. She cupped one and squeezed, while smelling the wet fingers of her other hand, that had been in Melissa's crotch.
"My GOD, honey..you've got me out of my fucking mind."
Melissa had settled herself in the center of the desk, her upper half bare and gleaming in the fluorescent light..as was her shaved pussy and pubic mound, framed and protruding from what now looked like a pair of stained and ragged, crotchless stockings.
"Okay..I want you to take like a ten second video of me and send it to Steve. Let me know when you're ready."
She lifted her legs up and reached around the back of each thigh, with her forearms tight into the creases behind her knees, then pulled them up and apart til her knees were outside her shoulders.
Beth's chest tightened and mouth opened as she watched her hips lift up off the desk to completely spread open her ass and cunt.
"Melissa..fucking...INCREDIBLE, baby.."
Her glazed lips gaped apart..purplish pink and thicker than any labia Beth had ever seen..from up top where they partially hooded her engorged clit, then opening to large, creased folds that tapered far down..ending an inch from her anus. And her whole inflamed crotch and puckered, creased asshole glistened in a bright shaft of afternoon light angling in from a nearby window. Her breasts were lifted high, pushed between her pulled in and open thighs, and it took just a little rocking to wriggle her hands up over her breasts and lock onto her big nipples.
She lifted her face and looked at Beth through slitted eyes.
"Go ahead..film me baby."
"God, YES...go."
Melissa kneaded her slick breasts, right under up to the edges of her pebbly areola..then pushed inwards and up to clamp them between her thumb and forefingers. Instantly, milk bubbled out and streamed down her tits.
"Steve...I'm still here cause I'm about to get my cunt eaten by my new friend Beth. I'm gonna eat hers too, then come to you baby..and cum more on your big cock. And you'll clean her off me too..."
Dropping her head back to the desk, she pinched again and felt tiny droplets of warm milk spray on her chest and neck.
Beth was at the desk now, desperate to reach for her, but trying to stay calm enough to send the clip and see it go through to Steve.
"Fuuuuuck...c'monnnn..."
Hold on, she thought..almost there. Just make sure not to mess up. My God..if it went to Lexi by mistake. That CAN'T happen.
Melissa craned her head to see Beth impatiently looking her phone..pink faced and glowing with bare white breasts topped by dark brown gumdrops..then dropped her head back on the hard wood and lightly ran her index and middle fingers over the sensitive, leaking crests of her chest.
Then an electric jolt bucked her up, as a hot mouth engulfed her pussy.
"YESSSSS!!"
Beth's hands covered Melissa's on her tits..their fingers working together as as thin streams of pale, milky fluid bubbled and then sprayed out like little pulsing fountains. She sucked a meaty lip into her mouth and lost herself in the heady, sweetly tart smell and taste of her cunt.. furrowing deep with her tongue, then coming out and gulping in air along with her syrupy juices. And she thought, possibly tasting the semen mixed in with Melissa's own pussy secretions?
It had been awile since she had THAT in her mouth..but if there was some jism still in her, the musky flavor mixed with Melissa's own pussy was intoxicating.
She pulled out and up just enough to bump her nose on Melissa's protruding clit, and humped it into again, playfully nudging it against her nostrils, as she languidly savored her pussy.
Then another hard spasm and jerk, along with a barking groan.
"GAAAAAAHHHD!."
Their wet fingers twined together, enveloping and caressing her slippery breasts, and when Beth sealed her mouth over the top of her smooth mound and began rhythmically flicking her clit with her tongue, Melissa's head shot up..with her muscular neck purple and corded, and mouth and eyes wide open.
"DON'T...fucking..stoppppppppppp!!"
She rocked her ass up and disentangled her fingers from Beth's to pull her knees out even more, frantically trying to open her even cunt wider. Trying to get Beth deeper into her. Beth's hands clamped down and enveloped as much of her breasts as she could between her fanned out fingers, with her palms mashing hard into the rubbery, leaking nubs underneath.
When she puckered her lips tight over Melissa's swollen clit and starting sucking on it like it was a tiny penis, she felt the rhythmic thrusting of the sweaty body under her start to frantically shake.
"Fuckingggg....CUMMMINGGGG!!"
Beth held on the best she could as the first convulsion hit, and warm milk streamed over her fingers as she clamped tight her heaving chest..then scrambled on the wet skin to latch onto those huge pebbly nipples, rolling and twisting them between her thumb and forefingers. The empty room echoed with the sounds of Beth's low hum, as she worked at the heaving mound under her face, along with Melissa's gasps and cries as she quaked and came.
"YESSSSSS!...do that baaaaaaabe!"
Melissa had let go of her legs, and had her hands in Beth's hair, pulling her into her crotch as she rolled her pelvis.
Her moans turned to gasping yelps between ragged gulps of air, and when Beth started to batter her clit like a tiny punching bag with her tongue, and clamping each nipple hard at their base between her thumb and middle finger, while flicking the distended crests with the nail of her index fingers, Melissa shut her eyes in an opened mouth, silent scream..her face now a strained purple mask..and just exploded.
The room echoed with braying wails as milk showered both of them, and Beth fought to keep her lips against the pelvis buffeting her face, as warm pungent fluid gushed out around her chin and neck.
"Fuckingggg....GODDDDDD!!"
Beth fought the strong hands clamped into her hair, badly wanting to get her mouth off her clit so she could get down to her spasming cunt. She had never been with a woman who came like this, cumming and ejaculating the way Melissa was now. She was stunned by it, and aroused beyond anything she had ever felt before. But it was a struggle..Melissa was muscular and strong, battering her face..while her hair seemed like it was being yanked out of her head. She finally managed to get her mouth down on her still spasming hole to suck deeply, as her nose flattened and drove into the pulsing clit above. It was incredible, swallowing the last spurts of Melissa's cum, a pungent but clear fluid with just a hint of a pee smell.
Melissa's body heaved and contracted with the ebbing aftershocks of her third massive orgasm in the last two hours.
Or was it her fourth? She wasnt sure anymore..it seemed like she'd been in a sexual fog, or dream. From the minute she had woken up, with her pussy sticky and body sweating from a restless, hot night tangled in her sheets..she felt consumed by her desires and compulsions.
She shivered when Beth's fingers glided lightly, delicately over her slick nipples, tracing and exploring the hardened contours of her still crinkled areolas, and up to their rubbery, pinky sized crests.
Beth languidly sucked and licked Melissa's protruding lips..dipping her nose deep inside to inhale long and slow, savoring her flavors and smell, before pulling out and looking up.
"I've never seen, or tasted..anything like you, baby. God..how you SMELL. I need this..."
It thrilled Melissa to watch her like this..just revelling in her cunt.
"Beth..I've never been with a woman before..you know that, right?
I wasn't thinking of this when I came in here. Shit, I didnt even think you were..."
Beth smiled and chuckled.
"Gay? Yeah..I am. Well, I've been with men..even had a couple of boyfriends when I was young. Or maybe they were just guys I had sex with. But I prefer women more. ALOT more."
She dipped down to Melissa's asshole and pressed into with the tip of her tongue, before broadly lapping up and through her gaping, glistening labia.
Melissa arched and shuddered, and stroked Beth's head.
"Well, I'm pretty sure I'm NOT gay. I mean..I I've always liked men, and I fucking LOVE cocks. But I won't lie, I've fantasized about doing this sooo many times, babe. You know..I sometimes taste my own pussy while I'm getting off, imagining it's another woman I'm eating."
Beth gazed at her thoughtfully from the juncture between her splayed legs..all her senses saturated in the wetness and aromas coming from her cunt and ass, and sweat drenched body. As she nuzzled her clit again with the tip of her nose, marvelling at how it still poked a good quarter inch out from it's fleshy hood, Melissa shut her eyes and groaned and wiggled farther down into her. Beth licked up her pussy to circle and tease her clit lightly with the very tip of her tongue, while watching Melissa's lips part with pleasure.
"Did you ever think that maybe you're just bisexual? It's not like you have to pick a team."
"Wait..you mean I can have cocks AND pussy?"
Melissa grinned, and Beth started to climb up onto the wide desk to crawl forward..shivering a bit as her own hard nipples dragged along Melissa's muscular thighs and hips. She felt feet..heels, digging into her her sides
to urgently pull her up. When she got to her heaving chest, she stopped to marvel at the sight. Full, perfect breasts sheened with an opaque coating of sweat and milk, and capped by the most incredible nipples she'd ever seen.
She reached out an index finger and lightly, almost reverently, caressed along their bumpy contours. Melissa had her head raised and watched her..eyes shifting between Beth's finger to her wide eyes.
"Baby, what's it like to have..this body? Breasts..fucking nipples..your ASS. Having men..and women, just lust after you..."
It sounded to Melissa like she was talking to herself, as much as asking her a question, and she felt a pang of guilt about the assumptions she made about her earlier.
She reached to stroke her hair..it was damp and slightly sticky, like everything else on the desk. Her own voice sounded hoarse in her ears, like the morning after a late night in a loud bar. Or maybe an afternoon of gut wrenching orgasms.
"Beth..you are beautiful too, you know that, right?"
"Not like you. Not anything like..this."
Melissa buried her fingers in Beth's thick brown hair..not roughly like when she was cumming and desperate to keep her sucking mouth and lips on her clit, but tenderly.
"Come up on me, baby."
When she flexed her quads and hamstrings to grab with her heels, it was into bare ass cheeks..she hadn't noticed Beth had taken off her skirt.
Beth wriggled up Melissa's body until their tits were mashed together, and she shuddered when she felt those distended nipples bore into her own. Her mouth opened close in over Melissa's and inhaled the hot breath coming up at her, while rooting into her damp and tangled blonde hair. Her voice was a whisper.
"I fantasized about you after the first time I ever saw you, you probably won't remember it though. It was at Field day, from..like two years ago?"
Melissa thought for a second.
"Wait, I remember..it was like ninety degrees out? The kids were DYING out there, right?."
"Yes..and you wore this really cute green dress, with, I remember..sexy wedge sandals? I had to force myself not to stare at you, especially when you came over to talk about how hot it was. You know..my panties were wet for the rest of the day."
"Fuck..seriously?"
"Yep..totally. And I also remember looking at you as you walked away..how that dress hugged your ass, and that I couldn't see any lines underneath. Like you weren't wearing any panties, or even a thong."
"Well..I probably wasn't! I mean, a bra..yes, of course. Especially at a school thing. But two years ago? Yeah..I had started to not wear any underwear by then."
"Well..that gave me just an extra charge, seeing you like that. I couldn't get it out of my mind the rest of the day."
Melissa's fingers dug into her fleshy cheeks and she hugged her tight, and Beth rolled her hips in return to grind her pelvis into Melissa's open crotch, rubbing her clit against the firm pubic mound under her.
Their pink flushed faces were inches apart, and Melissa basked in the hot breath coming down from Beth's parted lips. She felt heady..her senses heightened and body tingling and electric, flattened like this into Beth.
"God..I remember that dress, I think I still have it. I..made you wet?"
There lips came together and opened wider, with their tongues sliding wetly to explore each other..and for a few long heartbeats, the only sounds in the room were their soft whimpers and the liquid noises of urgent tongues and lips, with little panting gasps for air.
Melissa was deep in that sexual fog again, consumed by her own pulsing body along with the need to finally explore another woman..and the wracking orgasms she just came out of did nothing to dampen her lust.
Their fingers twined into each other's hair and Melissa pulled down hard, angling her head to force her lips inside Beth's mouth to find her tongue, and she sucked on it fiercely..then pulled it into her mouth to clamp down and gently chew, slowly scraping along its length with her teeth.
Beth shivered and moaned, humping her mound hard into Melissa's pubic bone..and when Melissa made another slow pass over the tiny buds of her tongue, gently probing and then sucking even harder to get as much of it into her mouth as she could..Beth's hips erupted in jerking spasms, and she cried out and ground into the firm body under her.
Melissa held tight to her hair while keeping her tongue clamped between her back molars, as Beth's moans turned to gutteral grunts. When she finally let go, their mouths came apart with a strand of drool stretched between their open lips, and Beth gasped and squinted through slitted eyes while her ass clenched and jerked through her orgasm.
"CUMMMMING... bayyyybbbb!"
Melissa wallowed in the sensations of their bodies rising and dropping together, with tits and nipples squashed into one slippery chest..while her hands and legs and feet explored another woman for the first time.
"Bethhh...babe.."
"Goddddddddd!"
Melissa watched, entranced, as she shivered through the delicious aftershocks of cumming..and tiny droplets of sweat rolled off the tip of Beth's nose to splash lightly onto her cheekbone, and then down past her ear.
"Fuuuuhhhk..I LOVE watching you cum."
"My GOD..that was soooo good."
Beth dipped her head and they kissed again..softly, and in that special and electric way when you're first discovering another person. When their lips finally parted there were tiny glistening strands stretched between them.
"Annnnd..you know I have to get out of here soon, right?"
Beth bit her lip and snorted..then chuckled.
"Oh my God..you are SUCH a fucking slut."
Melissa barked hoarsely back at her.
"Well..I am! Honestly, though..I've gotten SO bad lately, I'm not sure what's happening to me, and I don't even care anymore. Beth, if I even told you what I do every day, how fucking horny I get..you wouldn't believe it."
Beth was aware of her weight pressing down, and shifted a tiny bit, and felt her left nipple drag over a bigger one underneath it. She was still trying to take it all in.
She had eaten out Melissa Bentson here in her classroom..and now was lying on top of her incredible body, after cumming herself. On her desk...where she worked.
"C'mon..I want to hear it! You seriously have to tell me everything you do..and all the nasty stuff."
"No..I WILL, honey. Honestly, it'll be a relief to be able to have someone, and another woman too, that I can share this stuff with. I don't think my straight girlfriends...that wouldn't work!"
Beth cocked her head, and pursed her lips.
"Wait..why? Cause they won't obsess on your body and eat you out after?"
Melissa grabbed a fistful of her hair and playfully yanked her head back.
"Well..yeah, there's that! But, I didn't really mean 'straight' as in NOT gay. I meant it more like them not being crazy sexual, you know what I mean?"
"Hmmm..so, you mean 'straight'..as opposed to, like..kinky?"
"Yeah..right. Like, If we met for coffee or in the gym, and I told them I'd already cum three times that day, and I had my thong stuffed deep inside my pussy..they'd run screaming!"
Beth feigned shock and grinned at her.
"Or if not run away screaming, just look at me like I was some kind of freak."
"No..babe, I get it. It's kind of like someone who's in the porn industry, how they'd describe their 'regular' friends? Them being 'straight'?"
"Yes..exactly!"
"And whether they're hetero or gay..whatever, they'd be horrified to know just how much of a twisted, nympho slut their friend is?"
Melissa jerked on the fistful of Beth's hair in her left hand and squinted up at her with a fake frown.
"Wow..you TOTALLY get me, don't you?"
"Oh yeah..like Jerry Maguire."
"That's..complete me. Not the same."
"Hmm..you're right."
And I DO have to get out of here, cause believe it or not..I still need to sit on that big cock that's waiting for me."
Beth barked a laugh.
"You SLUT..of course you do."
Melissa pulled Beth's head down to kiss, and their noses bumped and nuzzled.
"Fuuuuuck..I know. Damn, okay..can you quickly turn around and sit on my face? I also need to taste you..and my first pussy."
Beth lifted up and looked down with her mouth open. Melissa loved the taste and odor of her mouth, and breathe..sweet smelling and different from Steve's.
"God...YESSSS."
She pushed up on her hands and knees, then planted her feet to raise her hips high..like doing a downward facing dog posture in yoga class. From there she walked her hands and feet around until she faced the other way, with her ass high above Melissa's head. Then she lowered herself and crouched on the balls of her feet, with her hands flat on the desk, and her cloth covered pussy mound inches above Melissa's face.
Melissa gripped the cheeks of Beth's ass in each hand and spread them wide to pushed her nose and mouth right into the thin strip of cloth covering her ass and cunt.
"Jesus..I hope I'm not too dirty, baby. I've been here at school all day, working. And sweating hon."
The thin cotton material covering her pussy was soaking..it squelched wetly as Melissa pushed in with her lips and tongue, and the pungent odor was strong..triggering a fresh flow of saliva in the bottom of her mouth and around her gums. She inhaled headily, and ground her nose into the crevices
indenting to the thin strip of cloth in her dark asshole.
"Oh God BABE!...yesssssss..."
Beth reached around her hip to yank the back of her thong out of her cleft, hiking it high on her asscheek, and dropped to her elbows and wiggled her knees wider apart.
"Melissa..PLEASE..fucking EAT me..."
Melissa held as much of her cheeks in each hand as she could..stretching her completely open so she could take in the full sight of her before she plunged in. Beth's ass was beautiful..white and fleshier than her own, with a glistening smear of lubrication along her right cheek, from where the twisted strip of her thong was hooked high up on her ass, trailing down to a dark puckered asshole, with crinkled, reddish brown lips forming underneath.
She was shaved completely smooth up until a small, groomed patch of hair above her clit, and her parted lips oozed with cum..syrupy and translucent.
As she inhaled deeply, she thought Beth was right when she warned her about her pussy maybe being dirty..but fuck, she loved it. It wasn't just her oozing pussy, but also her asshole and wet, day worn thong too..just her whole crotch and ass, that smelled just like Melissa had hoped it would after a long day of work. Definitely not showered and freshly scented, like you would make sure to be before heading out for a date, but stewing after hours of moving around and sitting and sweating in a hot room, and using the bathroom to pee. And then getting totally aroused and cumming hard.
She eagerly burrowed in to enfuse herself with Beth's pungent essence, then broadly licked up through the folds of her tart lips.
Beth shook and squirmed on her, pushing down on Melissa's face.
"Fucking baaaaaabe.."
Melissa remembered how it felt just a couple of hours ago, when Steve had her spread wide from behind in the cramped office at the gym, and now she was on the other side of it and finally eating a pussy that wasn't her own.
She tugged forcefully on Beth's cheeks until her ass and lips were gaped open, and mauled her crevice..furrowing deep into her dark lips with her tongue, then under to lap over her small hard clit..and travelling up again to suck and rake at her indented asshole with her teeth. She gasped to get air, then went back into the soft stickiness to get as much of it as she could of her on her nose and face.
Beth was grunting, and cried out as she shifted and bucked her hips up and down, riding Melissa's face.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuck!"
When Beth reached back to grab onto her thong..yanking it way up on her hip, Melissa caught her wrist to lock her in place, then ducked under to swirl and flick her hard bean of a clit with her tongue.
"Goddddddd...do...NOT STOP!"
She had never eaten a pussy before, but knew how agonizingly erotic it was to have someone eat her, but really take their time..to back off and tease, even as she begged them not to.
She slowed her pace on Beth's clit, languidly circling around it like she was gently polishing a small pebble, then coming off it and waiting a beat, before flicking it again. But it was when she curled the fingers of her left hand into Beth's hot lips, then straightened them to easily slide the middle two halfway into her wet hole..as her index finger entered her asshole, that Beth's moans and grunts grew louder.
Melissa drew her tongue off her clit, ignoring the frantic pelvis that searched for her mouth, and probed the walls of her vagina and rectum with the tops of her three fingers, wonderous in the new sensations of another woman.
"Ughhhhh...BAYYYYYYYB...."
She bumped and probed her index and middle fingers against one another, with just the thin slippery membrane of skin between Beth's anus and vagina to separate them. When she gradually slid them out, glistening and fragrant, and then slowly drove them back in until her knuckles mashed into her lips, Beth released her twisted thong and scrabbled to find Melissa's hand, interlocking their fingers tightly together, as she quaked and shook.
"GODDDDDDDDD..."
Her pistoning fingers squelched as they methodically drove into the teeming cunt and ass above her face. She opened her mouth over her mound and swirled her clit with the tip of her tongue, and the muscles in Beth's thighs shook and her body flattened, and Melissa felt her own clit..distended and pulsing, as Beth's hand squeezed her fingers with surprising strength, as she roared into her orgasm.
"YESSSSSSSSSSS!!"
Melissa drove her fingers all the way into both holes, then pulled down to anchor herself to Beth, as she whirred her clit with her tongue. She sealed her lips tightly over her mound and kept sucked like a small nipple, and heard Beth's sharp yelp trail off to a long guttural moan as she dropped her head to bury her face in Melissa's sweltering cunt.
The seconds that followed were frantic..with Melissa wrenching her hand free from Beth's to hug both of her arms up and around her lower back, and locking her in place as she took long, deep sweeps through her lips and over her clit. God..she felt consumed, needing more, and lifted her feet off the desk and spread her thighs wider..urgently trying to push up and open her straining cunt.
"My God...yessss."
Beth instantly took her cue..hooking her elbows behind Melissa's knees to pull her legs back until her calves wedged under her armpits, with her crotch splayed wide and her ass rolled high up off of the desk. And Beth's hands fanned out on the inside her cheeks to pull the wet flesh apart.
It felt unspoken now between them, moving together and instinctively responding to each other's desires and needs, even though they had never been together before. Wetly muffled moans contrasted with sharp gasps of air, and were the only sounds in the room as they hungrily ate each other.
Melissa's flushed face shone brightly in the fluorescent lights of the classroom, as she lost herself in the glistening crevices and folds..far surpassing any of the fantasies she ever had..lying in her bed with her vibrator, and daydreaming about what it would feel like being with another woman. She bored as deeply as she could into Beth's musky vagina..snaking her tongue like a small but agile cock, then coming out to lap broadly through her lips and over her clit, while her mouth and sinuses filled with her sharply pungent excretions. And she felt her own orgasm mounting, as Beth sucked her clit like while penetrating her pussy and asshole with multiple fingers.
"Honeeeeeyyyyy...YES!"
Fleshy hips pressed into Melissa's face..mashing her nose hard enough on her asshole to bring tears to her eyes, and Beth turned her face out of Melissa's gaping lips, gasping air and moaning.
"Cummmming...againnnnn..."
She buried her face back into Melissa and screamed hoarsely as she drove her fingers deep into her both of her holes..fucking and probing deep in her anus and vagina, while Melissa bunched three fingers to drive deep into Beth's pussy and rub down against the inside wall of her vulva..and twisting her mouth off of her mound to cry out.
"Baaaaaayyyybbb!!"
Their bodies slid and humped fiercely as spasms rolled through straining muscles, and Melissa wailed as the shimmering pressure in her cunt burst into her belly and chest, along with that unavoidable response her body always had whenever she came really hard..a pushing down, our out..like peeing herself..then a gush of fluid jetted over Beth's fingers and down the crack of her butt to the desk. Beth gasped and shuddered as waves of her own orgasm roared through her, and slid her fingers from Melissa's holes to plunge her face into her convulsing pussy..swallowing what she could.
"Mmmmmmmm...."
It seemed like forever now to Melissa..the past few hours that she had been showing herself, and been handled and eaten and fucked. She was in another one of those out of body moments..where the only awareness she had of herself was the rippling euphoria of her orgasms, along with all her senses being totally infused with Beth's body and most intimate secretions. She floated through this..of being immersed in herself, yet outside and looking in at the same time, and it was similar to what she experienced earlier in the gym, bending over to show the men her ass and pussy. She wasn't sure how long that lasted, or now this..thirty seconds? A minute?
When she slowly returned, her body twitched in that wonderful, post orgasm glow..while Beth was still grunting and gyrating her ass to fuck the curling fingers still inside of her. Melissa's breasts flattened out from each side of Beth's waist, and her nipples were raw from hours of being twisted and pulled and milked, yet she longed to touch them again, as painful as she knew that would be. But she couldn't take her hands out of the sweltering crotch inches above her face, marveling at what it felt like to finally get another woman off, and watched Beth's pussy clutch around her wedged fingers, until her muscles finally gave out and slumped, settling her weight onto her body. She lowered her face and groaned into Melissa's open, pulsing sex.
"My....GODDDDD..."
For the next minute or so, their glistening bodies were like one female being..streaked with sweat and milk and infused with all their bodily fluids, and their faces luxuriated in each others musky, swollen openings.
It was intoxicating, and thrilling too, each hearing the other breathing in deeply and trying to ingest as much as they could..while licking and nuzzling the wet folds and crevices.
Beth's moans were muffled and distant sounding, then grew as she lifted her face out of Melissa's gaping cunt.
"Fuuuuuuhk...this PUSSY."
"Oh my God, Beth..it's better than I ever thought it would be..tastes soooo good.."
Beth's head dipped back down..her mouth covering Melissa's completely smooth mound and bulbous clit, while her nose sunk back inside cunt. Her tongue played around the pink bean that protruded from it's fleshy hood, as her nose burrowed deeply into her folds..and when she lifted up her head again, her face was glazed, shining in the late afternoon light that shafted through the slatted blinds.
"Baby..your pussy, it's just..addicting. The way you looked..smelled, when you came in. I got wet just standing behind you."
Melissa heard her phone buzzing again, and a sense of time pushed through the bliss she felt, being totally immersed in Beth's still twitching pussy..along with her own still being eaten and played with.
"Shit, honey..I gotta check my phone, start to get myself out of here pretty soon."
She grabbed a fleshy white cheek in each hand and spread Beth wide open..taking one last look at her pussy and winking asshole, before thrusting her face deep into them to fill her mouth and sinuses with as much of her musk as she could.
Beth's clamped onto Melissa's muscular thighs as her head jerked up, and her eyes were shut and mouth open as she gyrated and humped hard against her face.
"Ohhh...babe..."
Melissa sucked along her juncture, holding tight as small spasms rippled through Beth's ass and thighs..and her eyes welled up again when Beth grunted and flattened her hips, and mushed her nose hard against her asshole.
"Bayyyyybeee....AGAIN.."
Melissa blinked away the tears as she strained to get her face deeper into Beth, sucking as much of her lips into her mouth as she could while driving her tongue far up her cunt..and holding on tight through the back end of her orgasm.
"Yesssssss..."
Beth's ass slowed to a lazy undulating swivel, and her body slumped heavily..again, into Melissa's.
"Baby..I know you have to go, but..holy SHIT. I can't stop..."
"Hon..you're not the only one..."
Melissa heard her phone vibrate somewhere on the wooden desktop by her legs, and she took one last lick and long inhale of Beth's inflamed pussy and ass before nudging her upwards.
"Hey..let me check my phone, start to get off of here."
Beth groaned as she lifted a leg up and over, to gingerly put one foot, and then the other onto the linoleum floor. Her pale skin was streaked with sweat and flecked with droplets of milk..and she bent to rub her reddened knees.
"Ughhhh...I'm gonna feel this tomorrow, kneeling on that desk."
Melissa pushed herself up to a sitting position to find her phone, and swiped it open to see she had four texts. Two were from Lexi.
'Hey Mom, I'm at Amelia's now.'
'We're going to have pizza and then study. Amelia's mom will drive me home later. Love U.'
The other two were from Steve.
'Babe where ARE you? I'm throbbing..I need your cunt on me!'
The second was a pic...of his impossibly huge erection, veined purple with its ridged head shiny with precum.
Saliva reflexively flooded into her mouth as her hand went in to her breast and squeezed. It stung..her nipple was raw, but the pain was wrapped in a pulse of pleasure that rode down into her belly and throbbed in her groin.
Beth had pulled on her skirt, and was buttoning up her shirt as she came around to where Melissa was sitting, and looked over her shoulder at her phone.
"Damn..are you really leaving to go sit on that..fucking POLE?"
Melissa wriggled her ass off the desk and groaned as her weight settled onto her legs. The floor was hard under her bare feet and she felt the fatigue and stiffness in her thighs and butt as she stood up.
"God yes..I'm gonna try! I can feel how sore and fucked out I am..but I need that cock in me so bad, even if it hurts."
Melissa smirked at her.
"You see what I mean? It's like I can't get enough."
Beth slipped on her shoes, and stood with her stretched and limp thong, and sheer bra hanging from her hand.
"Jesus, I'd love to be there and watch that..see you close up, right on him. Lick you both."
She leaned in and they kissed, as she wriggled her shoe on.
Their tongues played inside the hot spaces of their mouths, basking in each other's musky taste, until Melissa pulled back, with her bottom lip stretching out as Beth playfully held it in her teeth.
"Jesus..you're like a venus flytrap. How am i ever gonna get out of this room?!"
Beth slid her free hand down to Melissa's glistening, pink crotch and over her thick, lips..cupping her while dipping her middle finger into the liquid center.
Her fingers sent a pulse through Melissa's body, and she groaned and reflexively opened her legs, before biting down on her lip and pushing away.
"Fuck, baby..I really have to get out of here. And you have to stop touching me..."
Beth scrunched up her face like she was mad, then brought her hand up to her face to smell..her fingers shining with Melissa's wetness, then sucked the middle one like a lollipop.
Melissa looked around and spotted rolled up balls of cloth that were her socks..and her sneakers, still laced up. She picked up her tank top..dirty and heavy and wet, and smelling like it too.
"Shit..i cant believe I have to put this thing back on. Do you you have anything here? Maybe an old sweatshirt in a closet?"
"Hold on honey..let me go look."
Beth turned and headed for the closet where she got the ladder from, while Melissa dropped her top and bent to gather her socks and shoes. She heard Beth rummaging around at the back wall.
"Damn..I was hoping I'd find something in here, maybe up on this shelf. Nothing."
Melissa was sitting on the floor, lacing up her sneaker as Beth came back and watched. Even completely messy and wrung out, her hair matted and wearing stained and tattered tights, Melissa was the most beautiful woman she had ever seen. The muscles in her arms and shoulders were highlighted in the harsh overhead lights while she finished tying her shoes..with her breasts pushed together, it extended those big, pink nipples out even further. And with her legs splayed open, Beth gazed into her exposed crotch, framed by the huge ragged hole in her tights. Her smooth, pink mound sloped to thick lips that looked inflamed to a darkish pink, light purple color, and gaped apart from where she could see up to the meaty hood encircling her clit.
She felt a desire..a raw lust for this woman, like she'd never felt for anyone before. It was palpable..and she hesitated before speaking, careful to not say anything that sounded too over the top. She also felt super aware of her own body, more than she'd been in a long time..with her bare pussy tingling under her skirt, and nipples brushing the fabric of her blouse.
"Babe..I have a shirt in my car if you want it."
Melissa stood up and put her hands behind her head and arched to look up at the ceiling, stretching her back.
Beth felt a throb deep in her groin watching her firm breasts lifted like that, and crotch pushing through the now crotchless tights.
Melissa groaned and reached down to pick up her tank.
"You know, fuck it..after I see Steve, I'm going straight home and Lexi won't be there yet."
She pulled the shirt over her head, and tugged the damp material downover her breasts, then behind her back. When she finished, a taut ridge of stained, pink cloth stretched between her prominent nipples, and Beth was drawn towards her again.
"Honey..I want you to take this. Keep it in your bedroom for when you get off. Or wear it yourself maybe?"
She smiled, and lifted her twisted thong out to Melissa.
"And maybe don't wash it, if you do? You can give it back to me the same way."
"Damn..I LOVE that idea."
She tugged Beth's hand, along with the rumpled thong, into her face and inhaled, and Beth was pulled in with it.
"Fuck..this smells sooo good. Its like being right back in your ass and pussy."
"I know..and it's so unfair. But you're such a slut, you didn't wear enough here to even leave ME something."
She made a face and watched Melissa's eyes half close and lips part, as she reached deep into her open crotch..dipping her shoulder to get even deeper, and proping with a liquid, squelching sound. When she extended her arm, her fingers glistened to the knuckles..the middle two webbed with syrupy secretions.
"This is what you're gonna think of honey, how this tastes and smells."
She reached up to Beth's face and smeared her fingers along her lips and under her nose, and when her mouth opened, pushed them deep in over her tongue. Beth groaned and sucked hard, and when Melissa reached down under the hem of her skirt and found the juncture between her thighs, Beth moaned loudly and pushed forward with her hips, and grunted as three fingers rammed into her up to the knuckles.
Melissa had her hands in both ends of her, and she pushed farther back over her tongue and felt Beth gag..then pulled back just enough to feel her throat relax. As she did she slid her wedged fingers almost all the way out of her slick cunt..just toying in her opened lips..then shoved them back in hard. Beth whimpered and a spasm rolled up her body.
"It feels good having both your holes filled, doesn't it baby?"
Beth groaned again when she started to rhythmical fuck her pussy, while feeding her her juices. Beth moaned onto the fingers swirling in her mouth, and thrust back against Melissa's pistoning hand.
"Fuck, baby...I want you to cum so fucking hard...CUM while you eat my cunt.."
Beth groaned into her hand as Melissa curled her fingers upward as to fuck her pussy, then pressed up against the inside wall of her mound, the way she loved getting fingered herself. Melissa felt the pull on her fingers as Beth sucked at them while breathing through her nose, and taking small gulps..then watched as a thin stream of drool seeped out from between her bottom lip and the fingers in her mouth.
Beth's moans and ragged breathing, along with the wet pistoning sounds of the wedged fingers driving into her pussy, echoed in the empty room. When she saw her eyes roll up and shut, and her body tense with her teeth clamped down painfully on her fingers, Melissa knew she was building towards an explosion.
Her right forearm burned from the awkward angle her arm was in, fucking her, but she kept going while Beth moaned as her tongue worked between around and between her fingers. Until she jolted with a wracking spasm, jerking violently..and spitting Melissa's hand out of her mouth, along with a spray of drooling saliva, and screamed in a massive orgasm.
"Goddddddddddd!!"
Melissa buried her dripping hand into Beth's thick hair and pulled her close..with their foreheads joined and noses mushing together, while Beth gripped her wrist to grind herself against the snaking fingers deep inside her.
"Fuckinggggggg GODDDD!"
"Jesus..cum for me baby...fucking cummmmmm."
Melissa sucked in the musky breath jetting into her face as Beth gasped and shook, and she felt her own clit pulse..knowing she was moments away from cumming herself if she just reached down..
"Melissa..."
Melissa found her lips again, and nibbled and sucked them as Beth's eyes opened onto hers.
She loved the funky tastes and smell of the mixed brew from their mouths and pussies and sweat..unlike any flavor or scent or perfume she could imagine
"Babe..I just, fucking love watching you cum."
Beth snorted into her mouth.
"You mean MAKING me cum."
"God, yes..that too."
Beth's bottom lip came up over her top one and whimpered as Melissa slowly slid her fingers out of her cunt and up through her warm lips. She twitched as they brushed over her clit, and when Melissa raised them up, she saw her three fingers shining again.
"As much as I want to savor this with you..we're not. I'm gonna let it dry and eat it with Steve, once I finally get out of here."
They bumped heads again and Beth laughed.
"Who's stopping you? We just have to stop touching each other!"
"I KNOW...I'm on fire again, I felt it while you were coming."
Melissa playfully pushed Beth away and looked around.
"Honey..my keys."
"Hold on, I think they're over here."
Beth walked and stooped down to the spot near the door where the supplies and artwork were and rummaged around some plastic bags.
Melissa looked down at the ragged opening in her tights, her whole mound and pussy exposed.
"One thing..is there a piece of cardboard maybe, you can give me to hold in front as I leave? In case I run into someone on the way out?"
Beth came up holding a keyring, and looked to the pile of art supplies in the closet at the back of the room.
"Yeah...there's some blank ones in there."
Melissa watched her as she went to get one, taking in her round butt moving against her modest, creme colored skirt. There was a wet stain coming through the back, and Melissa thought of her naked pussy and ass underneath. And breasts and nipples free under her blouse. The way she wanted her to be, thinking of her like that, even during school hours. Could she come by to check on her? Maybe drop by like she was returning something she had borrowed, or donating supplies?
Beth could say, 'Class..you know Miss Bentson, Lexi's mom. She just came by to drop off a bunch of markers that she's generously donating to us.'
She'd say hi to the class, then 'Beth, could you give me a sec outside before I leave?' And when they stepped out of the doorway and into the empty hall, she'd push her up against the wall to reach under her dress and find her thighs open and smooth pussy already wet.
'YESSS...my slut. Have you been thinking about me?'
"Here..take this."
Melissa blinked, with Beth smiling, and holding a large, blank board..
"Where did YOU go? You looked completely zoned out."
"A fantasy...I was coming to see you during school hours, during a full class. I brought them a box of markers, then we ducked out into the hallway so I could check if you had any underwear on."
"Wow..seriously?"
"And to see if you were wet."
"Fuuuuuuck...that's crazy hot. Was I?"
"Wet?..soaked. Or maybe you'd have a thong on, and I'd take it off and push it up inside you, right there in the hall..and it would stay in for the rest of the day."
"Oh my God...YES."
"And between periods you'd pull some of it out, so it hung down between your legs under your skirt. You'd feel it as you walked around in front of the class."
"Babe..."
"And you'd send me pics between every period."
"Fuck..that's so HOT...yessss."
"We'll be slut girlfriends."
She reached to take the cardboard, and was hit again by her smell..acrid from hours of sweat and pussy and milk.
"God, YES. I want..need to be such a slut with you."
Melissa leaned in for one more kiss.
"Me too, baby. Now wish me luck!"