After the excitement of the bed and breakfast, Claire and I continued north into Michigan on our vacation. We'd decided to go through some of the towns we'd seen on our previous trip and planned on going up the west side of the state through Benton Harbor, South Haven, and others. We'd been to a few already on our previous trip like Saugatuck and Holland where one of my great-something grandfathers settled after coming to America from the Netherlands. They were on our way up to Grand Haven and Grand Rapids though, so we decided we'd stop by them again.
"I want to hike up to that tower thing they mentioned last time we were here," Claire says after we've walked around a few of the shops in Saugatuck.
"How do we get across the river?" I ask, pulling out the map from my back pocket.
"We can see if that chain ferry thing is working," she suggests. "But first, I want to go back to the car and switch some stuff out of my purse."
I nod and we walk back down the small streets. It's a weekday so the tourist traffic isn't high. It's quiet and shop owners are visiting other owners talking about the weekend to come. When we reach the car, Claire decides she wants a new water, so I have to go back and find a store that will sell me a bottle of water. As I walk away she has her head in the trunk of the car moving things from her purse into my backpack. I cringe as I know she's just leaving my stuff roll around loose back there.
I don't have to go very far to find the water bottle, and when I return, she is waiting for me with the backpack in hand. She gives it to me and I sling it over my shoulder. I'm not really sure what she's put in it because it feels odd and bulky. I don't say anything about it though. I make enough fun of her packing as it is.
We set off for the chain ferry using the map, and luckily it is up and working. The ride is smooth enough and we're across the narrow river in no time. As we get off and walk down the sidewalk we see a wooden sign for Mt. Baldhead which sounds a little bit like a dick joke to me. We follow the sign and are quickly out of the thin line of residences on this side of the river. We find a trail headed up into a wooded area. As we walk the trail it gets steeper and steeper until we are climbing on steps carved into the side of the hill. Claire doesn't exactly like hiking so I expect her to start complaining, but she doesn't and we make it to the top of the hill they called a mountain. There are no trees on top which is where I guess it gets its name.
Claire asks for the backpack so I hand it over. As she rummages through it, I wander off to the side to look around. We are at the tallest point around and I can see the town below. I see the little paddleboat that we took last time. It is just starting to depart on its tour of the river before it will head out onto the big lake. I follow the river with my eyes and I see it widen and plunge into the deep waters of the lake. On the right, I see the abandoned mansion that we went passed on our own boat ride. I'm surprised with how close it is to us. It felt like the river was longer than that and the lake was further away. I turn around to point it out to Claire and see that she has her camera out taking pictures.
"I can see that big mansion from here," I say.
"Really?" she asks and walks over.
I point and she takes a few pictures.
"Its closer than I thought," she says.
"We could almost walk there."
"Let's do it," she says.
I look at her and she's got a mischievous twinkle in her eye.
"How are we possibly going to get there?" I ask not even bothering to mention trespassing.
"It looks like if we go back down and follow the road it will come to that driveway," she says pointing.
"There's a gate," I say.
"We can find a way around. I just want to look."
"Terrible idea."
"You're no fun."
I sigh. She's right. I am no fun. I hate being the no fun guy all the time, so I agree. She runs up and kisses me in excitement before stuffing the camera back in the backpack. We walk down the hill again and it is easier this time. By the time we are at the base of it and back to the road, she is confused about which way to go. I turn right and she follows me. After we walk for several minutes, I stop.
"Thought it was closer than this," I say.
"Me too." She pauses to take a drink of water. "You sure you went the right way?"
"I'm positive," I say and take the water from her.
"Let's go just a little bit more then."
We head off down the road again and in a few more minutes we come to the gate we saw. There's two large brick pillars on either side of the road and iron gates locked shut between them. I'm about to suggest we go, when Claire walks off first to the left and then to the right. She looks back at me and motions me to follow her. She leads me to a spot in the fence where the ground has shifted and the brick post has slumped to the side. It has pulled away from the fencing and there is a large gap big enough for most adults to wiggle through.
"This is so illegal," I say.
She just grins at me and goes through the fence.
I sigh and follow her.
We walk down the front lawn which has not been mowed all summer from the looks of it. Clearly no one has lived here in a while. There's a circle drive at the front of the house with a now defunct fountain in the middle. Claire takes out the camera again and takes a few pictures of the derelict fountain. I remind her that she won't be able to post them online and she nods. We marvel at the four car garage before heading up the steps to the huge front porch. I look in through the door and she looks through one of the large bay windows. She takes a few more pictures before walking over to me and trying the door handle. It is locked.
"Guess we have to leave," I say eager to get back. My nerves keep getting worse and worse despite the forlorn beauty of the abandoned mansion.
"Not yet," she says. "Let's at least walk around the whole thing."
We set off to the side of it, stopping every now and then to take pictures. There's a garden with lots of stone benches and overgrown hedges. I feel like I've walked into a period piece from England in the 20s. Towards the back of the house Claire finds two glass sliding doors and one of them has had the glass broken out. There's a brick in the room and I'm pretty sure someone threw it, probably some local kids on a dare. Before I can say anything, Claire walks through the broken door and into the large house. I follow protesting.
"I'm just going to look around," she says.
We wander through a few empty rooms with varying levels of dust and sand in them. The house would be beautiful if filled and lived in. Now, it is just kind of sad.
"Imagine how long it would take to have sex in all of these rooms," I say.
"At least two days," Claire jokes and turns around taking a picture of me in the house. "What made you say that?"
"I don't know."
"Thinking about me?" she asks. "Staring at my butt so long you couldn't help yourself?"
"Maybe that's it," I say. I would be lying if I said I hadn't noticed how great her butt looks in her tight athletic leggings.
"Do you want to take some pictures?" she asks and walks over to me with the camera.
"Sure," I say and take it from her.
We walk through a few more rooms and then head up the giant stairs to the second floor. I snap a few shots of her ass when she isn't paying attention. There's just something about taking pictures of her that is so tantalizing to me. She finally catches me sneaking a shot of her though.
"I didn't mean those kind of pictures," she teases and playfully runs to another room.
I stop and take a few pictures of the beach outside through a cracked window. Claire is the photographer. I have no idea what I'm doing, but I think it makes a nice picture.
"You coming," she calls and I follow her voice.
When I walk into the room I'm greeted with her bending over a battered chair. She's pulled her tights down to reveal the tiny string of a green thong running between her ass. My breath catches and my dick immediately goes on alert.
"How's this for a picture?" she asks.
I quickly raise the camera to my eye and snap a few photos. She flicks her hair around turns her head so that she is looking at me. She gives me her best "fuck me" look and I take a few more.
"Damn, you're hot," I say when I lower the camera.
"I know how much you love sexy pictures of me," she says pulling back up her tights. "And, I thought they'd be extra sexy in a place like this."
"Those were some sexy ones," I agree.
"Want more?" she asks, but before I can answer she runs out of the room and into the next one. "Count to twenty and come find me."
I wait patiently counting to twenty before headed after her. She isn't in the next room, but I find her in the one after that. As I walk in she raises her shirt to flash me. I take a few pictures of her and realize she's got on a bikini top under her shirt. After a few shots, she leaves the room and I count to twenty again. When I find her the next time, she is topless looking out a window. I take more pictures. She leaves her shirt off and leaves again. The next time she is bending over again, but this time has her thong pulled to her side revealing her sexy pussy lips. Her tights are in a heap on the floor next to her shoes. She runs out again and this time I don't wait to follow her but chase her instead. She reaches some stairs going up to the third story and whirls around. She sits down on one of the lowest steps spreads her legs and I take a few pictures. Then she pulls the thong to the side again and I take more pictures. She spreads her pussy for me and I see that it is wet with excitement. She plays with herself moaning softly and I capture it all on camera. She turns around again and bends over the stairs. She slowly peels her thong down letting it caress her ass. She spreads her pussy and ass for me and I take more pictures. I let the camera fall to my chest and walk over.
"You're so fucking sexy," I say and pull her up to her feet to kiss her.
We make out a moment and I grab her ass, but she breaks away and runs back the way we came.
"If you want it, you'll have to catch me," she calls.
I grin and decide to give her a head start. I pick up her discarded panties before heading back the way we came. I collect her tights and shoes. Then I find her bikini top and shirt next to the window. I go back down the stairs and to the first floor and grab the backpack I'd left leaning against the foot of the railing. I see her in a room to the right waiting for me, but as soon as we make eye contact she runs out of sight. Gathering all her stuff and shoving it into the back pack except the shoes, which I hold onto, I go into the room. I follow her as she dodges me around the house until we are at the back and she slips out the back door. I watch her run down the steps and onto the private beach. She stops a little ways down and puts her hands on her hips. I watch her looking at the lake before she turns around and waves at me. I head out the door.
As I walk down to her, the excitement fads a little and I remember that we are trespassing on private property. It fades even more as I realize that Claire is standing completely naked on the beach for anyone to see. Sure it is sexy to see her naked on a beach, but my practical side is winning out and I worry about the amount of trouble we are going to get into. However, as I get closer my dick throbs more and the excitement comes back. I stop and take a few pictures of her naked on the beach with her tan skin being kissed by the sun.
"Took you long enough," she says when I finally reach her.
"Sorry," I say, but that is all I get out before she throws her arms around me and kisses me.
"Looks like you caught me," she says, breaking off the kiss.
She slides her hands down my chest as she drops to her knees in the sand in front of me. She caresses my growing dick through my pants and looks up at me with those perfect lips and sexy eyes. I hope she's going to undo my pants and wrap those fantastic lips around my cock, but she stands back up. She kisses me again and gropes my junk.
"You caught me, but you still have to do as I say," she tells me.
"Anything you want," I say so aroused I've forgotten all about the trespassing and being in the open on the beach.
"I promise you'll want it too," she says and steps back. "Hand me the backpack."
I do and she makes a show of setting it on the ground and bending over to look inside. Her ass is in the air right in front of me. I reach out to squeeze, but she turns around.
"I didn't tell you to do that," she says, but it is sexy and not too forceful.
I like when she takes control, but I don't get off on bossiness. I watch her ass wiggle as she pulls out a towel from the backpack. I guess that is partially what made it so lumpy. Either she had something planned all along or she was randomly packing towels on hikes now. She lays the towel on the ground and gets on her hands and knees on it. She tells me to take pictures, so I do. I take some from behind and even more when she spreads her glistening pussy lips for me. She lays on her back and spreads her legs wide on the towel. She parts her pussy again and my cock throbs. She plays with her tits by plunging a finger deep into her pussy and rubbing the juice on her nipples. She licks her own wetness of her fingers.
"Take off your clothes," she tells me. "But keep the camera ready. You're not done taking pictures."
I strip down and she reaches in the backpack again. She pulls out a bottle of baby oil and I lose my breath. She unscrews the cap and pours the oil all over her tits and rubs it in. I take pictures as she plays with her glistening breasts. She rubs the oil on her thighs and all around her shaved pussy. I can feel the precum dripping from my dick.
"Enough pictures," she says and hands me the bottle of baby oil. "Cover my ass in oil.
I take the camera off and set it on the backpack. She gets on her hands and knees and thrusts her ass upwards once again to me. I kneel behind her and squeeze way too much oil onto her ass. I rub it all the way around until the entire surface of her large round ass shines in the sunlight. My cock continues to throb.
"Spank me," she says.
I give her ass a swat.
"Harder," she says and I slap her again. "Harder. Make my ass red."
I slap her ass harder than I ever have before and she moans loudly. She moans louder with each hit and her ass turns a sexy shade of red. She starts to whimper so I stop slapping and just squeeze and caress it still mesmerized by the sheen of oil.
"Spread my ass and tease my asshole," she commands.
I hesitate, because despite all our sexual adventures she's never been to interested in ass play. In response, she reaches one hand around and spreads her ass for me. She runs her finger up and down her crack gently touching her asshole. I take the confirmation and run my own fingers around her ass and up and down her crack. I swirl the tip of my finger on the outside of her asshole. She moans and lets her hand drop. Her butt wiggles with a shudder when I insert a finger just slightly into her ass. I slap her ass again as I tease her. She drops to her stomach and I think she is done, but she is just reaching for the backpack. She pulls out a bottle of lube and a butt plug we bought and have never used.
"Tease me with it," she says and hands them back to me.
I lube up the silvery metal surface of the plug and caress her asshole with it just like I had been doing with my finger. I gently push it in a little bit before pulling it out. She moans a soft "fuck," so I do it again. Each time I push it in a little more until the last time her ass is completely filled with the plug.
"It feels so good," she says. "Take a picture. I want to see what my ass looks like."
I stand up and get the camera. After taking a few shots, she starts to play with her pussy and I capture it on camera as well.
"Show me," she says.
I bring up the picture of her oiled ass in the air. The fake red jewel on the end of the plug shines in the sunlight.
"That's so fucking sexy," I say.
"I want you to fuck me now," she says and takes the camera out of my hand. "I want to feel your hard cock pounding my pussy with my ass plugged."
She doesn't have to tell me twice and in a moment I'm behind her spreading her ass to see the butt plug while she guides my quivering cock between her legs into her hungry pussy. Fucking her from behind has always been my favorite. Every thrust goes so deep and her pussy is always so wet tight. Now, it seems even tighter with the butt plug in. I slowly thrust in and out not wanting to go too fast. Like always I want it to last forever.
"Fuck, it feels so good," Claire moans.
"You like having your ass filled when I fuck you?" I ask.
"Fuck yes," she almost screams. "I love it when you talk dirty to me. Fuck me, Jake. Fuck me with my ass filled."
I increase the speed of my thrusts and I can hear our skin slapping together. I stare at the red jewel in her asshole and focus on fucking her. She moans louder and louder and I continue to pound her from behind. I place my hands on her hips and rock her back and forth as I thrust in and out. I see her raise her head and gasp. She slows down the fucking for a moment before increasing her gyrations against me. She reaches underneath her and I feel her start to rub her clit. I look up and see the tour boat passing a little ways off shore. I'm not sure but I think I see one or two people standing at the railing pointing. One might even have a camera pointed this way, but it is too hard to tell from the distance.
"Fuck me in front of all those people," Claire says and I know she gets off on the exhibitionism of it all.
My cock continues to thrust in and out of her, but I slow down the pace and instead start thrusting harder. Her body rocks forward with each thrust and I know her tits are bouncing wildly with each thrust.
"I love fucking you with your ass filled," I say. "You like it in both holes don't you?"
She moans in confirmation and I increase speed.
"Next time you'll be wanting my cock in your ass."
"Fuck," she screams. "I'm going to cum. Make me cum, Jake."
She shudders as several waves of orgasmic energy wash over her. She squeals and moans as I continue to fuck her through her orgasm. She rests her face on the towel and I continue to pound her dripping wet pussy even as she comes down from her orgasm. I'm close to cumming now to and I start to groan with the pressure building up inside me.
"Cum on my sexy oiled ass, Jake," she says knowing that I'm close. "Spray your cum all over my ass."
Even before she finishes telling me, I am over the edge. I quickly pull out and stroke my cock covered in her creaminess. My toes curl and I lose my breath. I feel the explosion start deep down inside and continue to burst upwards until my hot cum is shooting out and spraying her ass. I've been aroused so long that the load is unusually large. My hot cum drips down both her ass cheeks onto the towel. Some of it drips sexily down her crack, over the red jewel of the butt plug and glazes her blushing pussy lips. She starts to move but I tell her to stay there. She's commanded me all day, so now I give her one. I grab the camera and take a few pictures to jerk off to another time.
We use the towel to clean ourselves up and rub off as much of the oil as we can. We both get dressed and she repacks the backpack. As we head back up to the house, I realize I never saw her take the butt plug out.
"Do you still have it in?" I ask.
"Yes. I thought it might drive you nuts if I left it in a little while."
I groan excitedly.
"Now that I know that I like it, just think, you'll never know when I have one in," she says and smiles at me.