This is basically an erotic love story and of course all characters are over 21. It will definitely start out as a love story and continue to build with fiery passion. Please vote often (fives are most welcome) and of course please leave constructive comments. I love hearing from you and love your ideas for the continuation of this story or ides for new stories.
*****
Chapter 17
The next call was to the manager of the Medieval Club. Joe wanted to check with the manager that the show was a hit. The manager said that, yes, indeed, the show was a hit, but the penalty of backing out of the first show still needed to be paid. That penalty was a one-hour session with Jessa as the live mannequin in the "Sinful" display window. The show was a follow-up to the bondage show. They needed Jessa to demonstrate some of their bondage line and the show needed to be done during the next few days.
As far as the show goes, everybody was raving and wanted more. Several members of the management Council were in the audience and they wanted more of this kind of show. They were demanding to know who that the fabulous actress was and they wanted to do more with her. Joe had told them from the beginning that this was a one-shot deal and they better enjoy the feedback from the show because he wasn't telling who she was.
Joe thanked him and crawled back into bed wrapping Jessa in his arms. In her sleep she preened against him and Joe started wondering how badly he had messed up. He had hoped this would give Jessa a chance to become the lead dancer that she wanted to be, now it looked like she was going to get that chance.
Jessa had the show at the Aladdin Room in two days' time and this was her big chance. Joe hoped they could hang on and get through her show.
*****
Jessa had butterflies every day about the show at the Aladdin Room. She was afraid that she would not do well in the show. She had been practicing at least a couple of hours every night and from the parts that Joe got to see, there shouldn't be any soft man parts anywhere in the audience. While Joe was constantly mesmerized by Jessa's incredible poise, grace and beauty, Jessa only saw her flaws. As a result, she constantly worked to improve all of her perceived imperfections.
She was worried her skin would not be lustrous enough or polished and slick enough for the veils to slide the way she wants them. So each night Joe helped her rub a combination of moisturizers and oils into her skin. She had also been taking tanning sessions every day since she applied for the job, so that her skin will have a nice golden hue all over. Her normal two hour body sculpting sessions in the gym had moved up to three and sometimes even four hours.
Every morning she would inspect herself for a blemish in her skin or an ounce of fat in the wrong place, but all Joe ever saw was perfection. All the effort made Jessa even more stunning than she already was and that's saying something. With her golden skin polished, glistening, and oh, so silky soft, stretched over her lithe, toned body, she was a dazzling dream personified. While Joe found her to be perfect, every day she found a flaw that she needed to worked on.
Jessa couldn't believe how her life had changed since she met Joe. She had worked all her life trying to get a starring role as a featured dancer. Growing up, her entire life revolved around ballet or modern dance lessons and at an early age she had been given the taste of being a featured dancer. However, when she blossomed all of that seemed to go away. At dance auditions she was either too short, her breasts were too large, or there were thousands of other excuses for not getting the role.
In order to earn a living she started nude modeling and stripping. All of the flaws that kept her from being a lead dancer were suddenly an asset in this world. However, she still hung on to her dream of one day being a featured dancer. Now thanks to Joe she was getting her chance. Joe wasn't just a chance for a featured dancer job, he was also her chance at love. She found more and more that she craved the role of Joe's lover more than a featured dancer.
Joe helped her every night with her dance of the seven veils. She had done extensive research and found that the dance was really subject to interpretation. There was no choreographed dance. There were the Hollywood versions, the stripper versions and even a biblical version, but none was the official dance of the seven veils. So, Jessa took the most erotic and sensual versions and made up her own dance.
As Joe helped her refine her dance, they turned the dance into an elegant yet seductive masterpiece. There were elements of ballet combined with several sensuous stripper moves. It was indeed a dance like no other and only someone like Jessa could put all this together. Someone that was trained in classical ballet, schooled in modern dance and had grown up as a stripper, could put this dance together. As he saw her creating this dancing masterpiece, he wondered what the reaction of the crowd would be.
Jessa's whole dancing career was riding on this one break. She hoped that this would be her breakout dance and everyone would be so mesmerized that her career would take off. However, as the time drew closer to her dance, she just thought of a life with Joe. Her career had been everything, even during her previous marriage, but now on the verge of her big break she only thought of Joe. Strange that when she finally got what she wanted, she realized something else was more important. Joe had been nothing if not supportive and every day he demonstrated that her happiness was the most important thing to him. That fact made her want him even more.
In the meantime Joe had his job to do and his efforts to stabilize the water chemistry seemed to have paid off. There were still massive swings in the chemistry, but they settled down fairly quickly. Once Joe knew where the problems were originating, it was fairly simple to fight the water chemistry. However, the larger fight with the powers that be loomed ahead and seemed to occupy his thoughts.

Chapter 18
The day of Jessa's debut as a feature dancer had finally arrived and Jessa was glad it was finally here. She knew she had been distracted and had not given Joe the attention that she wanted. Jessa didn't know that Joe was also distracted because she was so wrapped up in her dance preparation. The night before her dance debut Jessa had a hard time sleeping and Joe had given her a massage to help her relax and get some sleep. However, she had awakened somewhere around three in the morning and again had trouble getting back to sleep.
It had been a while since she had roused Joe in his sleep. This morning might be a good time to do it again. Jessa shimmied under the covers and sucked Joe's cock into her mouth. With her tongue she sensuously caressed his cock as her lips stroked and coaxed it to life. In long slow strokes she took his hard cock into her throat making love to the man she loved, teasing herself as much as him.
Soon she could feel his hips lifting and squirming and she knew he was awake. Shortly after, his hands tangled in her hair as he gently pushed his cock deeper into her throat. Very soon he was fucking her throat in a rhythm with his hips lifting and his hands pushing. Jessa felt tingles all over as she was forced to accept more and more of his cock. She had started it, but now her Master had taken control and that was the way she loved it. There was something very erotic and at the same time primitively satisfying when Joe took control away from her. Then when he used her as he desired, her passion rocketed into outer space.
Joe lifted her hips and put her dewy folds over his mouth as he began to drive her wild with his lips and tongue. Jessa redoubled her efforts passionately making love to his cock and was soon rewarded with spurts of his seed in her mouth. There was a satisfied glow all over her body as she felt her Master feed her his cum, but the flush turned to fire as he sucked her clit in his mouth. She shattered around him, but he never softened as her moans and a passionate ardor rippled down his cock.
Joe knew he would be able to last much longer now and flipped Jessa over underneath him driving his cock deep inside her hungry pussy. Joe's hands were busy mauling her breasts and nipples as his lips and teeth thrilled her neck and ear. Joe made love to her in every way imaginable, driving her relentlessly from orgasm to orgasm. He very effectively drained off all of her nervous energy and replaced it with loving passion.
By the time Joe finally finished, Jessa was radiant. She positively glowed with love, passion and satisfaction. Jessa snuggled into Joe's arms. It took almost another hour for all of her quivering and twitching to subside. Joe lovingly saw to her aftercare, caressing and stroking her body and head as she preened against him. They both fell asleep again, napping until it was time to get up.
They showered and lovingly washed each other. They dressed casually and had a late breakfast. Joe made sure Jessa had a wide variety of foods, because she was unlikely to get another chance to eat until the next day. Jessa was still glowing with sensual happiness and loving satisfaction as she left to go prepare for the dance. Joe watched her go nervously. This was her big debut, her big chance and he hoped everything would go well. The next time he saw her she would be dancing the dance of the seven veils.
As she left her Master's apartment, Jessa kept glancing back and every time she did Joe was there still watching. The way he made love to her this morning banished much of her nervousness and the way he looked at her now filled her with love. In her mind this dance was a dedication to Joe. Without him she wouldn't have the chance to try and without him she wouldn't have the confidence to go forward.
Jessa felt like their love was a unique combination of physical and emotional support, combined with their dominant and submissive roles. Her heart was overflowing with love for this man and her body trembled with a passion that he ignited in her. He pushed her into things that would've made her uncomfortable before, but he stood behind her supporting her the whole way. With him she could do things she only dreamed of before. Sometimes she felt as if she was living the most wonderful and incredible dream.
Jessa's preparation involved several oils and lotions that made her skin exceptionally silky, as well as lustrous and sensual. The silkiness was a necessity to make the veils slide off her skin the way she wanted. The lustrous and seductive glow of her skin was necessary for the sensuality of the dance. Jessa knew her ultimate costume was her body and her skin; therefore, she spent a lot of time tending to her costume. The veils were only a temporary covering, but they had to slip from her body exactly the way she wanted or some of the sensuality would be lost.
During her preparation backstage she oiled her skin with a special oil she had found called "the sensitivity oil." She made sure her body glowed with golden sensuality. Tonight was the night and the oil was very expensive, so she was saving it for tonight's show. The oil is supposed to awaken all the nerve endings in your skin. Jessa thought that extra little sensual kick would allow her to come across as more alluring. Unfortunately, she did not read the fine print. It said the oil should not be used on erogenous zones that already had large bundles of nerves. Such incorrect usage would result in hyper sensitivity. As she was getting dressed she could tell she was going to be in trouble. The diaphanous sheets were like feathers teasing her skin, especially her nipples.
Show time! As the eunuch escorted Jessa to the Sultan, the walk caused the diaphanous sheets to shift and float around her body. As the veils start to rub against her nipples a deep throbbing pulse traveled through her body, centering in her pussy. As Jessa took her first steps, she felt the veils caressing her entire body. The act of walking seemed to have become a maddening torment. The veils on her skin seemed to have caused her pussy lips to squish against each other. All of these sensations started to push Jessa to the edge of a massive orgasm, teetering, waiting to explode.

Chapter 19
Joe got to the Aladdin Theater about 30 minutes before the show started. He got a drink at a table fairly close to the stage and sat back to watch the show. The show started with a few minutes of introduction that had been filmed beforehand. It was designed to set the tone with a slave auction in which Jessa was the most stunning beauty there. They showed some scenes in which she was carried to the preparation area, washed, oiled and generally pampered. At the end of the film she was dressed in the seven veils and was told to go dance for the Sultan.
Jessa's entrance on stage was greeted by murmurs of appreciation from the audience. Jessa looked devastatingly gorgeous. All of her preparation work culminated in this look of sensual beauty barely hidden behind the translucent veils. Jessa's large breasts and hard nipples were trying to poke through the layers of fabric, and were giving hints of what lay beneath the veils. Everyone felt the tension in the room start to grow as people realized they were going to see something very special.
The stage setting for the Sheik's opulent chambers included all the walls covered in satin. The Sheik was lounging on a bed of large satin pillows, and he had two guards on each side of him. There was a low table to the side of the sheik with more pillows for sitting.
As Jessa came through the door, the Sheik sat up in anticipation. He gave the impression of someone who couldn't wait to get his hands on the seemingly perfect body. Unfortunately, they were still hidden behind the veils, but her thrusting, begging nipples tented the veils letting everyone know the treasure that lay underneath. The Sheik's hands itched in anticipation of being able to ravish this stunningly beautiful woman that now belonged to him.
Without any introduction the music began and seemingly of its own accord Jessa's body started to shake and move. They were soft, sensuous, yet teasing movements with her hips seeming to swivel independently of the rest of her body. Every movement caused the veils to caress her sensitized skin, fanning the erotic flames inside her. The amorous heat inside her fed her feverish red hot passion. It could only be quenched by her desperately needed orgasm.
Jessa had studied various movies depicting the dance of the seven veils, but these were all Hollywood's interpretation. She had tried to find real information on the dance but it was all very sketchy, so she put together her own version. She tried to emulate the harem girl's dances she had seen on old movies. She thought she would throw in a few stripper moves as well, but it was all designed to be sensual and seductive.
She stretched her arms above her head and she began to shimmy around the room with the top of her body sensuously weaving to and fro. Her breasts wobbled enticingly on her chest, and her hard thrusting nipples were threatening to tear the fabric asunder. Her belly was bare and glistened under the harsh lights. Her muscles rippled under her skin as she began to heave her body to and fro and her. Her hips were moving independently from the rest of her frame, as if they were being held by a lover as he was thrusting into her. The sensuous veils caressed her sensitized skin which caused Jessa to let her head fall backwards in an open-mouthed moan.
Jessa unraveled the first veil and let it float sensuously to the floor. She brought her hands down to caress her body through the remaining veils in an erotic display. The sensitivity oil had really set her skin on fire. She felt every scorching sensuous move of the diaphanous veils against her skin. The very act of touching her overly sensitive breasts and tiny waist was almost enough to send her over the edge into a massive orgasm.
Her sensuous steps faltered as her stomach and pussy muscles clenched against the sensation that threatened to overwhelm her. She disguised her wavering steps by doing a pirouette leaving her back to the sheik. She bowed her back into an arching backbend as she looked backwards at the sheik.
All of Jessa's practice had paid off. Her body was wracked with an intense frenzied heat that seemed to flow unstoppable through her sensuously twisting shape. The oil's sensuous heat and veil's maddening caresses were creating some lustful fog behind Jessa's eyes. Yet, her muscle memory remembered the dance and continued on despite the wild, crazy passion that roared through her body.
Jessa tried to use the backbend as a time to regain her composure because her body was trembling all over with need. The only thing on her mind was the massive orgasm looming on the horizon, and it would not be denied. She kicked in some stripper struts across the floor and wound up leaving the second veil on the floor next to the sheik. With the second veil gone some of the details of Jessa's sumptuous body were starting to be revealed.
Jessa glanced at the audience and found Joe watching her with rapped attention. Like in the clubs, Jessa's body automatically shifted into a high seductive mode, with her movements more provocatively enthusiastic. Her increasingly flirtatious movements only made the veils move more alluringly over her skin. The sensitivity oil had done its work and her muscles trembled as her skin threatened to catch fire. She brought her hand back above her head and did a slinky strut from the Sheik back towards the door and dropped the third veil.
Jessa went over and swung around one of the tent poles in the middle of the room. With her back against the pole facing the sheik she shimmied up and down the pole. Her sultry moves against the pole ended in a backwards body wave against the pole. At the peak of her body wave she released the fourth veil. The Sheik was leaning forward in anticipation, because you could now begin to see some of her perfect breasts and nipples through the diaphanous fabric.
Jessa did a little sexy bump and grind all the way to the far wall, then fell to the floor and began crawling to the Sheik in a slow and sensuous manner. The look on her face held promise that soon all would be revealed and the fire behind her eyes revealed the spirited lustful fire inside. Jessa's body was on a sensual automatic pilot as her mind fought the white-hot fire threatening to consume her.
As she reached the sheik's feet she rolled over and bowed her back off the floor presenting her breasts to the Sheik. She teased a little bit more by bringing her hands to her breasts and cupping them, offering them to the Sheik. Then her hands smoothed veils down the rest of her body showing the promise of what lay beneath. She let out a soft moan while her next slinky move amazed crowd. She stood and released the fifth veil which floated into the Sheik's lap.
Jessa instinctively knew that the last two veils would require most of the teasing. At this point she had one veil covering her breasts. The veil was over her breasts, but with the see-through nature of the fabric, nothing was really covered. The harsh stage lights made the veil completely transparent with the staggering perfection of her breasts available for all to see. As they wobbled with her dance, her breasts seemed to beckon the audience to come and worship my perfection.
The second veil covered her hips while the stage lights revealed her nectar-laden pussy glistening in the light. Her hips shimmied with seductive precision presenting the barely hidden, bald mound of Venus. Her glimmering pussy lips flashed erotically as she danced trying to seduce the crowd and the sheik.
Jessa backed away from the front of the Sheik and arched her back, thrusting her breasts toward him. Her hands started traveling up her stomach sliding teasingly beneath the veil. She began caressing up her flat belly, eventually cupping her breasts and presenting them to the Sheik through the veil. Having her hands underneath the veil presenting her breasts was very erotic and very arousing. With her fingers she began to caress her nipples and pinched them with her finger and thumb. As she teased herself, her head fell back presenting her neck with her mouth falling open in a long sensual moan.
She moved one hand from beneath the veil, released it, but quickly grabbed it before it fell completely off. She cupped her breasts and slowly let the fabric slide off revealing her dazzling breasts in all their glory. They were magnificent. However, sliding the fabric across her nipples threatened to push Jessa over the edge. The Sheik thought she was displaying herself as she stood topless with her back bent and breasts thrusting upwards. Jessa was really pushing her orgasm back by force of will, as every muscle in her stomach, hips and pussy fought her cum.
Jessa's whole body was trembling with her barely controlled passion ruling her body. She pushed her wobbly legs forward, and tried to strut or shimmy around the room, but her legs threatened to give out as the sensations started to break through her resolve. She knew she didn't have much time, so she placed herself in front of the Sheik and released the seventh veil. As the veil started to release she grabbed it and pulled it through her legs as a last tease.
The last tease was her undoing. As the veil caressed her pussy lips, her body exploded with every nerve and muscle screaming in release. She fell to the floor, her body arched in a massive cum. She lay prostrate in front of the Sheik with her figure quivering and shaking. Her body was bowed backwards with her head touching the floor. Her breasts strained for the ceiling with her mouth open in a breathless silence scream.
The crowd stood in a screaming ovation that went on for several minutes. Then the crowd realized this was not completely over and started to quiet down. Jessa's mind was lost in the foggy lust of her orgasm, but the crowd's applause penetrated her subconscious.
The Sheik ordered, "Bind her to the table."
With her body still controlled by orgasm, Jessa felt her wrists and ankles being grabbed by the guards. Her mind tried to understand what was going on, but both her mind and body were still controlled by her passionate release. She still didn't understand what was going on as she felt her trembling body being lifted into the air by the four guards.
Joe had been through all the preparation with Jessa and she never said anything about this scene. When he looked into her eyes as the guards descended on her, he saw panic and confusion. Obviously she didn't know anything about this scene either. She began screaming as the four guards each grabbed a limb and carried her to the table near the Sheik. Her arms and legs were bound to the four corners the table as she was still trying to recover from her massive orgasm. Joe saw that her body was still shaking and twitching but her eyes were scared and unfocused.
Joe's mind went quickly back to all the snuff films and he knew he was about to see Jessa publicly raped. Joe left his seat and ran as fast as he could to get backstage. A guard blocked him but he used his engineering ID to get past him and backstage. He glanced back through the stage curtains and saw the Sheik dive between Jessa's legs. Joe saw the Sheik start ravishing her still pulsing pussy with his mouth. He knew the very public rape of his Jessa wasn't far behind.
The audience obviously thought all of this was part of the show and they were all sitting on the edge of their seats waiting to see what happened. Joe knew if he just strode out onto the stage there would be hell to pay, so he quickly donned some of the Arab attire hanging behind the curtains. As he was frantically grabbing clothes, a thought fluttered through his mind. This is the price you pay for living in a place where laws protecting people are just a suggestion.
Joe found some swords. Some were fake, plastic swords that would leave a red stripe of fake blood whenever someone was slashed by it. There was also a real metal sword that he stuck in his belt just in case. Joe turned towards stage trying to figure out how he was going to protect her when suddenly Jessa screamed, "MASTER SAVE ME, PLEASE SAVE ME!"
Jessa's heart rending scream ripped right through him and he knew she wasn't acting. She truly feared for her life and her life with Joe. However, her scream was the perfect, the ideal cue. It was probably a heartbeat later that Joe jumped onto the stage. He shouted, "I'm here to reclaim my property!"
Joe used the fake sword to draw lines of red across two of the guards. The guards were confused at first but quickly realized this was a part of the show that they knew nothing about. They fell to the floor simulating death as the other two guards charged into Joe. He dispatched them the same way with his fake sword. Joe was feeling rather emboldened as the guards followed his lead and quickly turned to face the Sheik.
The Sheik was still between Jessa's legs, but he had stopped licking her pussy and was now kneeling between her legs with his cock poised over her. His unvoiced threat was obvious: "She is now my property. Come near me and I rape her as is my right." Joe pulled the real sword from his belt and swung it next to the Sheik's cock.
In a harsh menacing voice Joe said, "If you want to keep that attached, back away." The Sheik felt the cold steel and with Joe's menacing tone figured he wasn't acting, and he was right.
The Sheik backed away, but stayed in character as he grabbed a sword and came at Joe. Joe assumed this would be a staged sword fight and the Sheik's sword would be a fake. However, the minute Joe felt the Sheik's steel sword bite into his plastic he knew this was a real sword fight.
Joe immediately threw down the fake sword and confronted the Sheik with his real sword. The audience could hear the ring of steel as their swords clashed against each other. Joe saw the look in the Sheik's eyes and saw fear with the clash of steel building. Joe pressed his attack and pushed the Sheik backwards, but the Sheik fought back with the desperation of a man trapped.
The Sheik obviously had some sort of training and fought through Joe's defenses, giving him a decent nick on his thigh. In doing so he left his guard open and Joe took advantage, slashing his wrist. He dropped the sword. Joe redirected his sword against the Sheik's chest as he shouted, "Yield!"
The Sheik grabbed his wrist and ran off the stage, leaving Joe and Jessa on the stage. Joe turned to Jessa and using the real sword cut the ropes that bound her wrists and ankles. Jessa's eyes that had been moments before filled with desperate and fear were now wide open with love and admiration. Joe dropped the sword and scooped up Jessa into his arms.
She was shaking uncontrollably and he couldn't tell whether it was the remnants of her orgasm or the fear that had gripped her a few seconds before. The minute he had her in his arms Joe felt Jessa calm a bit, but her eyes were still wide and mouth hung open with disbelief.
Joe saw her eyes start to fill with tears and she whispered, "Oh, Master, you saved me!"
Joe wanted to try to get the audience behind them, so as he was holding her tightly in his arms he turned to the crowd and said. "You're safe now my slave. Let's go home."
Joe began walking towards the edge to the stage while the crowd erupted into thunderous applause. The audience had assumed the entire last few minutes were part of the show. Now they were giving Jessa and him a standing ovation. Joe stopped, turned and gave a slight bow. Then he set Jessa on her feet and told her to take a bow.
Jessa stood nakedly on display for all to see. Her legs were still shaky from her orgasm and fear as she took her bow. As she stood she looked at Joe and gave him a look that totally melted his heart. Her eyes were wide with awe and love over what Joe had just done. Her eyes couldn't believe what he had done and they were filled completely with unwavering and all-consuming love. She turned back and gave the audience a brilliant smile, giving additional bows. Then she turned into his embrace, put her arms around his neck and pulled him down for a kiss.
Joe scooped her back into his arms and together they took a bow before they left the theater. Several of the entertainment managers were waiting in the wings and started to say something, but Joe gave them a glare that would melt steel. They quickly backed away, letting them pass. Joe knew there would be a lot of fallout from this, but he didn't care. Jessa was the only thing that was really important to him. She had been in danger and he would have done it again. Still, hell was coming on a fast horse, he had crossed the conglomerate that owned the entertainment complex and he knew there would be a price to pay.