(dimachaerus: noun -- Roman gladiator who fought with two weapons - a sword in each hand)
*
Valhalla is a place that exists only to those who are chosen.
It is said by many that you can't buy your way into heaven. The same thing could also be said about Valhalla, however there is one interesting distinction between the two that should be made.
While according to Christian doctrine 'It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the gates of heaven', that same rich man will have no problem at all passing through the gates of Valhalla.
Let me clarify things for you just a little. I am not referring to the historical Norse concept of the after-life.
No.
The Valhalla I am referring to is a very real, and tangible structure of wood and stone. It has an address but it is far more than just a location. It can be a place where dreams come true.
If you meet the strict membership criteria then maybe even you too will pass through it's gates one day.
Only the truly blessed however, may actually call themselves 'members', but fear not, for those that don't quite make the grade there is also another way to enter paradise.
If you are gifted and have something that others desire then you may pass through the gates on the strength of that gift as an 'associate'.
I don't expect any of you to understand fully what I'm referring to yet because only the 'chosen' know about Valhalla. If you do not know already, then you were never intended to.
So........What is Valhalla?
As I mentioned before, to most, it is simply the Norse word for the after-life.
But, to a few of us that word means so much more. A society. A way of life.
Some might even call it a club. It is a place and an idea all rolled into one.
Most importantly of all....it is a secret.
Should it come to pass that you are welcomed into that secret world you will have no idea of it's existence until the day you are contacted by one of it's members. That is the way it has always been. Until now.
The day you discover that you have been accepted into Valhalla is a very strange day indeed.
First will come the inevitable questions.
'What the hell is Valhalla and how can I be accepted into something I've never even heard of, let alone applied for?'
As I said earlier, it is a place that exists only to those who are chosen.
The answers I'm about to give you may be shocking to some.
People who attain a certain kind of power and influence within society tend to draw a lot of attention to themselves. With wealth and success also comes fame and notoriety, but this my friends, is a double edged sword.
Those wealthy and famous people can't engage in the kind of activities that the rest of us enjoy in our blissful anonymity.
Suddenly all those sexual activities and unorthodox fetishes that they once practised and enjoyed become dangerous liabilities. Liabilities that could destroy their reputation and perhaps even their business.
The solution to this dilemma was Valhalla.
Nobody has ever turned down their acceptance into this select club.
There are many reasons for this interesting fact. Once someone discovers the truth then they are inevitably drawn in right from the start.
Who wouldn't be? The Valhalla Club is like a 'Disney Land' for the rich and famous. Every ride and attraction that was not available to them in the past is suddenly made possible.
There is also a darker side to all of this of course.
All members are nominated without their knowledge and a strict screening process ensues.
Membership is only offered to those who are almost certain to accept it.
The reasons behind this process are obvious.
Turning down such an opportunity and exposing the existence of Valhalla to the world would invoke the anger and retribution of some of the most powerful people in society.
It is best just to accept your invitation and enjoy the privileges that it brings, that's the smart move. The only move.
More than a few multi million dollar deals have been brokered within the walls of the Valhalla club while it's patrons enjoyed it's hospitality.
It has become the place where the rich and powerful interact without any limitations.
I should point out there is nothing much that is illegal about what goes on at Valhalla because there doesn't need to be. The effects from your first brush with that world are far more profound than any drug.
There are no questions about morality. No judgements will be made about you.
What happens at Valhalla stays at Valhalla.
To be accepted as a member means to be connected. It's a fast-track to success for those who show promise.
It's a way for like minded people to associate with kindred souls.
My initiation to this world came at a heavy price.
Ironically, it was the worst day of my life that resulted in my acceptance into the fold.
I'm no 'Donald Trump' but I have done okay for myself. I discovered at an early age how to get onto the 'Property Ladder' and how to climb it.
I bought and sold properties quickly until I had made my first million at 28 and now at age 34 my net worth was closer to the 15 million range.
You would think that my dating problems would disappear once I had achieved that kind of success, but unfortunately the opposite was true.
I pride myself of being a good judge of character. Maybe that was the problem. I was too good at it.
None of the women I met gave a damn about me. Oh sure, they played the part and feigned concern with practised skill, but I could always see the truth of it in their eyes. When they looked at me all they saw was a dollar sign.
Without wishing to boast I'd like to point out that I'm rather a handsome devil. I dress well. I work out religiously. I eat strictly.
Strangely, I did far better with women when I had no money. Let me be more specific. I did far better with the women that I was attracted to.
Real. Genuine. Interested in me and not my wallet.
Lately things had taken a turn that I did not expect. All the real and genuine women that I loved so much considered me to be out of their league.
I was now being targeted by an endless series of money grabbing gold diggers. None of them gave a damn about me, they were just trying to 'land' me as if I was their own personal 'White Whale'.
As a wise person once said, "Money can't buy you happiness, but it will let you park your yacht next to it." I'd like to buy whoever said that a drink.
I'm still just a man and I have desires and needs.
One night I had what I like to refer to as my 'Patrick Bateman' moment.
I just got sick of being so alone, and so, for the first time in my life I ordered a call-girl.
A very expensive and high-priced call-girl.
I remember making that call to the agency vividly. I recall the words that came out of my mouth, but to this day I still don't know where they came from.
"Aw hell, you know what?" I had said trying to sound like I had done this a million times before. "Send me two girls. A blonde and a brunette. Can you do that?"
"Certainly Mr Shaw, we will send Amber and Tiffany to you right away."
Well, that was how it all began. I can trace my downward slide into infamy back to that one conversation.
I remember actually popping some Viagra for the first time in my life that night and it wasn't because I had ever needed it before.
I was afraid that my intense nervousness at bedding two women at the same time would kill my performance.
My ego was getting the better of me. I wanted to be able fuck and then come and then keep on fucking immediately.
I wanted to prove that I could not only fuck two women, but that I could do it until the both of them were spent in every way.
I more or less re-created a certain scene from the movie 'American Psycho' right there in my bedroom. I did decide however, not to play the song 'Susudio' by Phil Collins in the background. That would have been a little too much.
I'm proud to say that I gave 'Pat Bateman' a run for his money. I took both girls in turns and then I took them both together. Viagra is such a bizarre drug. The human male is not designed to be able to fuck for four hours solid but that's exactly what I did.
Poor little Amber and Tiffany probably didn't walk straight for days after that.
I had successfully ticked my 'American Psycho' experience off my bucket list. (Now if I could just find a business card printer that uses a 'scilian rail' font then I'll finally be complete...and yes..I have tried).
Little did I know then, that there would be a huge price to pay for my night with Tiffany and Amber.
About a month after that night, the escort agency was raided by the police. The media frenzy that followed the raid effectively ended the careers and marriages of many men (and one or two women).
New revelations seemed to come out almost daily in the media. A who's who of the business world began to emerge amongst the clientèle.
As you can imagine, I was petrified that the details of that one night would emerge, but I was also confident that because I was such a relative nobody compared to the other names on the list, nobody would know who I was or even care.
It was, of all publications, my community newspaper that picked up the ball and ran with it in the end.
'LOCAL PROPERTY MILLIONAIRE EXPOSED: HIS WILD SEX ROMP WITH CALL GIRLS REVEALED'.
I can't even begin to explain what seeing that headline felt like. My blood ran cold as I saw an old picture of myself taken five years ago underneath those words.
It felt like my life was over.
The only positive result from all of this was that those shallow gold diggers clutching their Louis Vuitton purses began to avoid me at all costs, but then again, so did everyone else.
Being a pariah isn't good for your state of mind or your bank account.
Just when I thought my spirits couldn't sink any lower I received the letter that would change everything.
My first contact with Valhalla.
About two weeks after the news paper story ran, a registered letter was sent to my personal home address. That troubled me at first. I always had my personal mail directed to my business address. The location of my home was something I only shared with close friends and family, but somehow, these people knew it.
I turned over the envelope in my hand. It was very official looking and it was actually fastened by one of those old wax security seals. You just don't see those any more in the second decade of the 21st century.
I immediately assumed it was just a very elaborate wedding invitation, but as I read it's contents, I discovered something far more intriguing.
The letter read as follows:
'Valhalla welcomes you.
We here at Valhalla were sorry to read of your recent troubles in the media, but we are also happy to inform you that after your nomination by a mutual associate, you have been accepted as a member into our exclusive organisation of business professionals.
Your recent troubles would not have occurred had you already been a member of our elite organisation, but we can assure you that you need never deal with those issues again.
Simply respond to this letter via the web address given. Once there, enter your personal code provided here and you will be directed to your own exclusive (and confidential) web page.
Once again, congratulations Mr Shaw and welcome to the family.'
Well, as you can imagine I immediately typed that web address into my laptop and entered my personal code as instructed. What I discovered was what seemed to be a security coded website dedicated just to me.
Christ I had given some slick business presentations in my time but this was a whole new level of sophistication.
"How on earth did they do this?" I mouthed to myself in wonder.
The site contained a full business profile of my career up until now and their research had uncovered things that very few people knew.
There were no privacy breaches contained in that profile. Technically everything they presented was information in the 'public domain', but they would have had to have done some slick research to be as thorough as that.
I noticed straight away that my website had an e-mail in-box that contained one new message. I opened it right away.
'Welcome to your personal profile site Mr Shaw. You may share it with whomever you wish within the Valhalla community.
We are many things to many people. We are a means by which members can facilitate their business dealings, but perhaps the greatest service we offer is to provide a secure environment.
Within this environment our members may indulge in what ever legal activity they wish.
They need only to express their wishes and Valhalla will make it happen. We can usually accommodate most requests at no additional cost to the annual membership fee.
More complex requests are considered on a case by case basis.
At our head office you may enjoy opportunities that were previously unavailable or perhaps unwise for a figure of public standing to undertake. Your recent problems in the media would indicate you are one such individual.
While enjoying our facilities you may also care to conduct business with our other members. We pride ourselves on being the most exclusive and confidential organisation for success oriented people.
Discretion is our guiding principle.
Naturally an annual fee is required for membership. Your latest profit listing and predicted income over the next financial year would indicate that your annual fee to Valhalla would constitute no more than 5% of your predicted profit for the coming year.
It is also predicted that your membership in Valhalla alone will generate an additional 20% on top of your current profit margin. Other members have already expressed interest in doing business with you.
It seems, Mr Shaw, that you are fortunate indeed.'
I stopped reading right there and began to crunch some numbers. Using the percentages they had given I calculated their annual fee to be in the range of around two hundred thousand dollars.
"This must be a scam" I actually said out loud to myself.
Sure they could talk the talk and make a slick presentation, but I had seen good people fall for far simpler cons than this.
There was something unnerving about all of this too. Part of me actually felt like this might be legit and that worried me even more.
I ruled out the Freemasons and the Scientologists right away.
No offence to Scientology but I have no desire to build up my 'Thetan' level or follow the teachings of Galactic Alien Lord Xenu. I'm already crystal clear thank-you very much.
'Maybe this is just the new Amway pitch' I thought with a slight chuckle.
The final part of the e-mail brought the message home to me and right then and there I resolved to dig a little more and follow the rabbit hole just a little deeper.
Even if this was a scam, it was still the most entertaining one I had ever seen.
I read on.
'I know you must be curious to know more Mr Shaw. We are happy to provide those answers. With that in mind a limousine will be sent to your residence at 8pm this Saturday the 24th. You will be taken on a tour of our head office where you will meet fellow members and associates.
I trust that it will be an enlightening experience. We are so very anxious to meet you.
Dress code is formal/casual. Ties and jackets are mandatory attire for male members. Once inside you may discard your Jacket, but a shirt and tie must still be worn in most areas.
I'm sure you will agree that appearances are important Mr Shaw.
Sincerely and with respect.
T. Morgane
Member Liaison Service.
VALHALLA LLC.'
How do you react to an e-mail like that? What do you say?
For me the choice was an easy one.
Hell yes I was going to attend! Try and stop me!
Bring on the limousines and all the hospitality you want. It doesn't mean I'm going to join your little secret society but I'm going to make sure I have fun finding out about it.
Maybe Valhalla was just a billionaire boys club with delusions of grandeur or maybe, just maybe, it was something more.
Either way, I was about to find out.
By the time Saturday had arrived my curiosity was killing me. As promised a brand new, black limo pulled up outside my house at precisely 8pm.
The uniformed driver immediately got out and took off his cap before opening the passenger door and waiting patiently without a single word or gesture.
I needed no prompting.
"Compliments of Valhalla Sir." he said courteously as I took a seat in the luxurious interior.
I had taken the advice given to me about my attire to heart. I wore a smart pin-striped 'Hugo-Boss' suit. While it was technically 'off the rack' and not tailor made it still fit me as if it had been made to measure.
I've seen one or two 'Saville Row' suits in my time that looked terrible and to my mind a good suit is a good suit no matter who put it together.
In less than thirty minutes the limo pulled up beside a building that, ironically, I knew very well.
It was the Forsythe building, a forty storey complex that housed the offices of some of the most successful companies in town.
I had conducted business inside this building many times before, but this time I wouldn't be entering through the front door but an entrance that I had never seen before.
The limo turned down a side alley before driving through a set of security gates that hid a very private courtyard.
Two security guards flanked a secure looking door and standing in front of them all was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen. A dark eyed brunette wearing a black one piece dress that seemed to have been tailored to accentuate her natural curves.
She smiled and delicately lifted her hand in a gesture of a handshake as I exited the limo.
"Mr Shaw...." Her tone was warm and inviting. "My name is Tara Morgane. I will be your guide and host for this evening."
"Very pleased to make your acquaintance," I replied not even trying to hide my pleasure at our meeting.
Her skin felt unusually soft as I gently shook her hand.
"We here at Valhalla have been very anxious to meet you."
"Likewise." was my brief reply.
"Please follow me Mr Shaw. There are one or two security measures to go through before you may enter the inner areas, but that will only take a few moments."
"I'm in your hands." I replied.
The outer door opened inwards and my host and I stepped into what looked like an inner cloakroom. Another beautiful woman wearing the same dress as Miss Morgane stood behind a reception desk. A sturdy leather bound box was placed on the counter in front of me.
"All of your personal items such as mobile phones, watches and wallets will need to be placed inside the box for safe keeping," Miss Morgane informed me in an even tone before explaining further.
"This is to ensure our members are safe at all times. No electronic devices that could potentially be used to record audio or video files can be permitted to enter the premises."
"Does this place have security cameras inside that record what goes on?" I asked immediately. It seemed a relevant question even though in reality I had no idea what really went on in this place yet.
"A very good question Mr Shaw. The answer is no. Nothing is recorded. Valhalla is totally secure in every way. Daily sweeps are done for recording or bugging devices of any kind.
Many members use their own security teams to do an independent sweep of the premises. We welcome such searches. We are happy to comply with any outside checks that will convince our members that we are totally secure and safe."
"I must have visited this building a thousand times but I've never seen any of this" I said trying not to sound impressed.
"Nobody has Mr Shaw. We are very careful to ensure that the only people who know about Valhalla are those that we allow to know."
The scale of what I was seeing amazed me. I was fast becoming a believer and I hadn't even got past the inner door yet. This was just all too well organised and elaborate to be a scam.
This was something else altogether.
It felt as if I had just stepped out of the 'minor leagues' and into the majors.
I placed my wallet, watch and phone inside the box and watched with fascination as it was locked with an ornate gold key.
"One last check Mr Shaw and we will be ready to proceed" my host said with a smile.
One of the security guards approached me then and began to run a hand-held sensor of some kind over my body. There was nothing sinister about this. Actually it was pretty similar to the kind of scanning you might go through before stepping onto a plane.
The security guard nodded briefly to Miss Morgane and we were ready to proceed.
To be honest, it felt a little like I was Charlie Bucket standing in front of Willie Wonka. Somehow I had found myself a golden ticket and the gates of the chocolate factory were about to open up just for me.
'A world of pure imagination.'
When those doors finally opened I saw before me a room bathed in soft light. The sound of soothing music wafted about somewhere in the background.
"Welcome to the reception room Mr Shaw" Miss Morgane continued, "Our associates will bring you anything you ask for while you relax. This is simply a gathering area where our members meet and conduct business before they proceed to the area and activity of their choice."
What I saw was a modern and spacious room. A selection of low tables were surrounded by expensive leather bound couches. There were also more private booths that lined the walls of the room.
The 'associates' that miss Morgane referred to were a collection of the most beautiful women dressed immaculately in that same black evening dress that I now realised was a uniform. They were moving from table to table and serving drinks as they conversed effortlessly with their patrons.
Many of the patrons they served were familiar to me. I can't say that I had met any of them personally, but I knew who many of them were just the same.
One or two business moguls, a couple of professional athletes and a smattering of lawyers.
"I'll make the introductions." My host informed me as she gently placed a hand on my lower back and motioned me toward one of the tables.
"Excuse me gentlemen. I'd like to introduce our newest member Mr Alan Shaw."
I couldn't believe what I was seeing. One of the men at the table was William Price, a business genius still in his early forties who was worth over a billion. Another was Jeff Moore, a football player who had racked up millions from his personal endorsements alone.
"A pleasure to meet you Mr Shaw, we know all about you." William Price said with a smile as he extended his hand and shook mine firmly.
"Likewise," Jeff Moore added and then greeted me in a similar way. The other men at the table also followed suit.
"You know who I am?" I said trying not to sound amazed.
"Yes.........And you're gonna fit right in around here." One of the others at the table added.
"It is Mr Shaw's first visit and there is much to show him." Tara Morgane informed them.
"You ain't kidding. Young Mr Shaw's head is gonna be spinning after today. Hell I practically wanted to move in after my first visit!" William Price said grinning from ear to ear.
"Come Mr Shaw lets continue our tour" My host urged, "There is someone at the bar that you may want to meet."
She had to practically drag me away from that table. I was led towards the bar where two women sat sipping drinks and talking nervously. They didn't wear the uniform that all the other women wore, which prompted me to ask a very stupid question.
"You have female members?"
Tara's incredulous reply took only a few moments to arrive.
"This isn't the 1950's Mr Shaw. Over thirty-five percent of our members are women. Some are the spouses of other members while others are very successful business women in their own right."
"I meant no offence," I said scrambling to repair the damage from such a ridiculous question.
"It's quite understandable Mr Shaw. There is a lot to take in on your first visit."
One of the women left the bar then, but the one that remained was well known to me.
"You must be Mr Shaw." She said without being prompted.
"Yes that's right" I practically stammered.
I was actually talking to Grace English.
Perhaps I should explain.
Grace English was known to everyone as perhaps the most successful attorney the state had ever known. Still only in her mid thirties she had only ever lost one case in her career and even then it was rumoured that she had thrown that case just to watch her client (a serial rapist) burn. That one case alone had earned her the respect of a lot of people.
'Sometimes the only way you can win is to lose.' That now famous sound-bite had practically made her a house-hold name. After that she switched sides and became one of the most sought after prosecutors in the country.
Grace English was, in fact, quite beautiful in person. Long, auburn hair and pale green eyes. She wore the same dark blue skirt and jacket that had now become her trademark, and a string of delicate white pearls adorned her neck.
"Mr Shaw will be attending your presentation in the main lecture theatre tonight." Tara Morgane cut in before I could say a word.
This was news to me. I was actually quite excited at the opportunity to attend some kind of private seminar for the rich and famous, but something didn't seem quite right about the situation.
The Grace English I had seen in the media and on television was a fearless and unstoppable tiger that swept all opposition before her.
The woman I saw before me now was nervous and on edge.
"We have made all the preparations you requested, plus some extra ones that will make this the most memorable public presentation you've ever given. You must be very excited and anxious to get it started," Tara Morgane said smiling deeply.
"Yes....The waiting is killing me." Grace English confessed.
"I'm very excited to hear what you have to say." I said, practically butting in.
Miss English seemed to visibly relax then and she let out a nervous laugh that broke the tension.
"Thank-you Mr Shaw. I needed that." She said before adding "I will look for you in the audience and give you a smile if I can."
"Have I missed something?" I said to my host as she led me away from the bar.
"You really are quite adorable Mr Shaw. I can tell you're going to be very popular around here."
Why did I feel like I had just been patted on the head like a five year-old child who had made a bad joke? It turns out that was more or less exactly what I had just done.
"I'm going to leave you for a few moments to chat with our other members. We have about twenty minutes before Miss English's presentation begins. After that I'm sure you will have many questions and perhaps wish to finalise your membership details."
"Thank-you Miss Morgane."
"You may call me Tara if you wish Mr Shaw."
"Well then Tara, you may call me Alan." I replied with a smile.
"Well then I will see you soon Alan. I have managed to secure front row seats for the presentation."
The next twenty minutes were enlightening to say the least.
Every man or woman I talked to had a similar story to tell about their rise to success.
All of them were also very enthusiastic about telling me just how much more successful they had become from all the contacts they had made here at Valhalla.
In the space of that twenty minutes alone I had collected four business cards and two enquiries into some inner city real estate that I was looking to move.
"And then of course there's this place" one of those people had said as he made a sweeping gesture and motioned toward everything that surrounded us. "It's the things we can do in this place that really draw us here."
"And what exactly are those things?" I pressed further.
"All of the things we can't do out there in the world." was his cryptic answer.
I felt a hand on my shoulder then and looked around to see the smiling face of Tara Morgane.
"I'm here to escort you Mr....." she stopped herself in mid sentence before starting again.
"I'm here to escort you to your seat Alan. The presentation is about to begin."
"Lead on Tara." I said with a smile as she took me by the arm and led me through a doorway and then down a broad corridor.
Everyone else who had been in the reception room also followed.
"Are all of the presentations given by Grace English this popular." I asked as I took note of the procession of people that followed.
"This will be Miss English's first public presentation here at Valhalla. Virtually every member wanted to attend but the space in the lecture theatre is limited to only 45 seats."
"I guess I'm lucky" I replied.
"You are very lucky Alan. I will be accompanying you to assist in any questions you will undoubtedly have. Public presentations happen almost weekly here at Valhalla but they are usually given by 'Associates'. Seeing one given by a member is a real honour."
"I'm not sure I understand." I confessed.
"That is why I am accompanying you Alan. There is much that you do not know about us yet, but I will assist you in any way I can."
Tara lead me through a door and then into an amphitheatre that reminded me a lot of some of the lecture halls I had sat in in college.
A large semi-circular stage was set into a wall on one side and a thick red curtain behind it hid some kind of back-stage area.
Strangely there was no lectern or designated spot where a speaker would stand.
Instead a single, sturdy looking wooden chair was placed in the middle of the stage facing the audience.
Much like the other lecture halls I had sat in as a student, the seating was also arranged in a semi-circular fashion. The front row was at floor level and each subsequent row ascended in height much like a mini Colosseum.
Unlike those cramped lecture halls in college however, this place was spacious and extravagant.
Comfortable leather seats were waited on by a collection of female associates who would quietly fill the patron's drinks or tend to anything they needed.
"I've never seen a lecture hall quite like this." I said to my host as she ushered me to my seat in the front row and then took one beside me.
"Well Alan, I'm not sure anyone's ever given an actual lecture here."
I was now totally confused.
As I looked around me and watched the seats begin to fill I now noticed that the rest of the patrons were roughly an even mix of both male and female members.
Many of them had come from some place other than the reception room. There was obviously much more to the Valhalla complex than I had seen.
When all of the seats had filled, the lighting then gradually began to get darker. I sat expectantly in that peaceful half-light and watched as the stage was bathed in a soft amber light.
A hush fell over the room as Grace entered and walked timidly toward that stage. She sat in the chair that was facing the audience and then nodded to something or someone at the back of the room.
If I didn't know better I would have sworn that she actually looked petrified.....but then again....maybe it was something else.
"I don't understand what's happening" I whispered to Tara as my confusion grew by the second. She simply squeezed my arm and gave a short reply. "The answers will come."
A female associate then approached Grace English on stage. She produced a long black silk scarf and then proceeded to blindfold the now shaking woman.
I couldn't believe what had just happened.
"This is some kind of initiation ritual right?" I whispered.
"No Alan. Grace has been a member for two years."
Tara Morgane smiled then. She thought for a few moments before adding something that would change my perception of this place forever.
"Tell me Alan. If you could make your wildest desire or fantasy come true, without any kind of risk of discovery or consequence....would you do it?"
"Well....Yes....Of course." I finally replied.
Only now was it starting to dawn on me what was going on.
"Well Alan. What you're about to see is Grace's most desperate fantasy made real. We are watching her only because she desires to be watched."
"Are you telling me that I'm about to see Grace English get fucked on stage?" I couldn't believe I was actually saying those words.
"Yes Alan. In just about every way possible."
A rush of adrenaline washed over me as the reality of what I was about to see hit hard. I felt my heart rate shoot through the roof and I began to move uncomfortably in my chair as I tried to conceal the fact that I was now fully erect.
"You are meant to enjoy this Alan" Tara said softly before continuing. "I introduced you to Grace at the bar because I knew it would get her off even more. The idea of a brand new member watching her get fucked on their first night here would have made her practically wet herself."
Christ just hearing that made it so much worse. Every part of my body began to light up as intense arousal coursed through my veins.
I became aware of a noise then. A familiar sort of 'tap, tap, tap' sound that echoed through the hushed silence. It sounded out of place.
It was the 'clip-clop' of high heeled shoes sounding out against the hard wood floor as someone approached slowly from behind the red curtain.
Grace visibly stiffened as she heard that noise. It was closely followed by the sound of rustling fabric as someone eased through a slit in the curtain and then walked up behind her.
A beautiful blonde woman in a very tight red dress stood behind her now. She stared down at Grace with utter contempt before slowly walking around her in a circle and inspecting every inch of her.
The woman held something small and rectangular in her hand but I couldn't quite make out what it was yet.
Tara Morgane leaned in close to me then and began to whisper softly.
"We went to a lot of trouble to secure the services of this woman as an associate for tonight. She was not willing at first but her input will undoubtedly make this something truly special."
I couldn't help asking the most obvious question.
"What does she have that's so special?"
"The most important thing of all Alan..........History."
"I had no idea Grace English was a lesbian." I replied.
"She isn't Alan. The situation is a little more complex than that."
I left it at that. It is only now, after the fact, that I can reveal part of what I was really seeing.
Grace English didn't know it yet, but the woman who was about to kick things off and get it all started was someone she had successfully prosecuted and put behind bars for prostitution two months ago.
It was a win/win situation for everyone.
The blonde (who called herself 'Jasmine',) would get her chance to turn the tables on Grace.
As far as Grace English was concerned, once the blindfold came off and she discovered the truth, the complete 'mind-fuck' of her present situation was probably going to be enough to make her head spin.
Jasmine grabbed a hand-full of Grace's hair then and snapped her head back exposing her throat. Grace went into a slight panic.
"You're scared aren't you." Jasmine said softly.
Grace tried to nod.
"But that excites you too doesn't it."
Her breathing became shallow and rapid.
"Well then, you're about to get a whole lot more excited."
"Good girl." I heard Tara say to herself quietly before adding a few more words. "Following the script almost word for word."
It became apparent to me then just how meticulously planned this was.
"There's a script?" I asked as quietly as I could.
"Loosely speaking Alan, Yes. But an associate can deviate from that script whenever they like as long as they keep to the spirit of the experience."
She went on.
"Miss Jasmine here is our own little wild card. We threw her in just to shake things up. Grace had no idea we were going to use a female for part of this let alone someone she has history with."
"Isn't that a little risky?" I replied immediately.
"We don't take risks Alan. Her personality profile suggests she should be in heaven right about now."
Tara smiled at me before adding "I know you have questions but I suggest we just watch and enjoy the presentation."
She was right of course. I tend to talk a lot when I get nervous but it really was time for me to just shut-up and enjoy the fireworks.
"You know a lot about what's going to happen to you tonight but maybe you're just discovering that you don't know it all." Jasmine said with satisfaction as she continued her tight grasp on Grace's hair.
Jasmine gave a sharp flick of her free right hand and suddenly a silver blade protruded from the object in her right hand which had turned out to be the handle of a flick-knife.
One or two in the audience gasped.
"Tell me what you feel against your skin Miss English." Jasmine taunted as she ran the tip of the blade across the soft flesh of Grace's cheek.
"Oh Fuck" she blurted out and began to shake wildly as she felt the sharp edge against her skin.
"Tell Me!" Jasmine ordered. She placed a little more pressure on the blade just to hammer the point home as she said it.
"Oh god...it's......I think it's a knife" Grace finally stammered.
"Nobody's ever teased you with a knife before have they Miss English?"
"No.....Oh Jesus No."
Jasmine began to play with her captive then. She lightly drew the edge of the knife across Grace's neck and then down in between her breasts before withdrawing the blade and then casually cutting off the top button of that expensive blue suit jacket.
"You're looking a little hot. I think we need to cool you down." She said as she swiftly cut off the two remaining buttons. The jacket fell open revealing an expensive white blouse.
"Place your hands behind your back and clasp them together behind the chair. They will stay that way until you are told otherwise. Understood?"
"Yes." Grace replied immediately before doing as she was told.
"Would you like me to stop Miss English or are you aching to see where this goes?"
"Please don't stop.....It's okay."
"Just okay?"
"More than okay." Grace replied as she continued to shake with nervous excitement.
Jasmine deftly began to snip off each button of that blouse with the knife. More and more skin was exposed as each button fell to the floor. Very soon all the buttons were gone and the blouse hung open.
Naturally it had been tucked into the waistband of Grace's blue skirt and Jasmine wasted no time in pulling it free and exposing as much flesh as she could without actually taking it off.
She then yanked the top of the blouse and jacket down past Grace's shoulders.
"You may unclasp your hands for just a moment" Jasmine instructed as she forced Grace forward on the chair and then stripped off both the blouse and Jacket in one sharp tug.
She then forcefully pushed Grace back in place and her captive automatically placed her hands back behind her and clasped them together without being prompted.
Some minor applause erupted from the audience then. I think we were all impressed by the slick way in which Jasmine had taken control of the situation and Grace English.
I remember thinking that Grace looked beautiful when I met her at the bar, but as more of her body was exposed I became more and more enamoured with her.
She had a toned, almost athletic frame and she wore a sexy white lace bra that accentuated her beautiful 32 D breasts.
"She is stunning." I said quietly to nobody in particular.
"A rare woman in so many ways." Tara Morgane quietly agreed..
Jasmine suddenly straddled the chair with her legs and sat on Grace's lap. She hiked up her skirt and then, with her back to us, she began to grind into Grace's body like a lap-dancer working a client.
"I can smell how badly you want it" she taunted as she continued to grind.
Without skipping a beat she then pressed the knife up against Grace's throat as she continued to hump her captive.
"You like the danger. It gets you off like a horny little slut doesn't it?"
"You have no idea how much." Grace panted.
"And you want everyone here to see just how much of a dirty little girl you are don't you?"
"I want them all to see" Grace English frantically confessed.
"Christ are all presentations this good?" I excitedly asked Tara as we watched the drama unfold.
"To be honest Alan I'm a little speechless myself. I think something pretty special is happening and I can promise you it's only going to get better."
For the first time I could see that even Tara was starting to be deeply affected by what we were watching. Her hand was grasping onto the arm of her chair so tightly that her knuckles were turning white.
"Let's tease those beautiful big breasts of yours" Jasmine announced as she rocked slightly back-ward's on Grace's lap.
She placed her out-stretched left hand around Grace's neck in an almost choke hold.
She then began to rake the sharp edge of the blade over the lace covered breasts of her captive. The blade gently dug into her nipples through the tight material of her bra over and over again.
"Oh my god you are amazing" Grace rasped before continuing to speak. "Where on earth did they find you?"
The next moment was perhaps one of the most amazing things I've ever seen in my life.
Jasmine ripped off the silk blindfold covering Grace's eyes. She stared cold and hard into her startled face before quickly replying......
"They found me in prison......where you put me."
The eyes of Grace English went wide then and filled with terror.
"Oh my god...Jasmine?.........JASMINE PARKS?"
"Oh I bet you're really scared now huh miss prosecutor" Jasmine said practically bursting with excitement. "You must be creaming yourself right now."
"OH FUCK." Was all that Grace could say.
"What no snappy comeback?" Jasmine said gleefully as she continued to choke and rake at those nipples with the blade.
There was no reply. Grace just whimpered as her tormentor continued her verbal assault.
Her nipples looked as hard as bullets now from the intense teasing with the tip of that knife.
"Well I guess It's up to me then." She paused for effect before finishing her sentence.
"After I'm through with you I'm gonna throw you to those 'big-dicked' gorillas waiting back stage. They're gonna fuck every tight little opening you have. Everyone's gonna watch it miss prosecutor. Everyone's gonna watch you get fucked..........just like you fucked me."
"Holy shit" I heard a voice beside me say. To my surprise it was actually Tara Morgane who said it.
She seemed to be even more affected by what she was seeing now and some of her polished outer image was giving way to her total amazement.
"This isn't normal?" I asked.
"No Alan. The script went out the door about five minutes ago. This is something new entirely."
"Something good?" I pressed.
"I think we may need to talk with Miss Parks after this is over. I can see many uses for a woman like her."
Jasmine continued to hump and tease as the mind of Grace English continued to overload.
After about a minute she decided to change her approach and she dismounted her captive.
She walked behind Grace and bent down across her as she eased the sharp knife underneath the waistband of her blue skirt.
She cut it in one sharp tug before finishing the job and cutting the entire skirt in two right down to the hem line.
"Spread your legs wide for everyone like a good little girl."
Grace obeyed without question. She wore a white lace thong that matched her bra.
"Look at everyone miss prosecutor. Stare into their eyes and don't you dare look away."
She stared back at her peers with a look that was indescribable.
Jasmine reached down in front of Grace and pressed the flat side of the knife into the crotch of those white panties.
She moved the knife in circles as Grace continued to stare back at us like a stunned rabbit.
"Keep those legs nice and wide honey, these people want a show."
Again Grace obeyed and she spread those legs a little wider as Jasmine continued to tease her crotch with that knife.
"Tell everyone why you're here Miss English."
Grace paused before answering.
"I wanted to make love to a bunch of guys in front of everyone."
"What are you, twelve years old? You can spare us the cheap romance novel version."
Jasmine mocked before whispering something to Grace in a very stern and serious way. She pressed the knife firmly into the crotch of her new little pet and Grace jumped with fright before speaking to us once more.
"I want to get fucked like a slut in front of everyone. I want a bunch of guys to use me like a whore."
"Say the rest of it honey, you know that's what you really want" Jasmine added.
"I want them to fill every hole."
"Every dirty little hole." Jasmine corrected her.
"Is that really what you want Miss English?" That question suddenly came loud and clear from Tara Morgane. She looked concerned as she continued to speak. "I can see how exceptionally persuasive Miss Parks is, but this deviates quite a lot from your original presentation. Is this really what you want?"
There was a long pause then. Grace began to subtly grind her pelvis to meet the pressure of the knife that was being pressed against her crotch.
She looked up at Jasmine Parks for just a moment before looking back and speaking.
"Yes......that's what I want."
Applause erupted from all around the room then, and for a moment Grace was triumphant.
"You look worried Tara. How has the script changed, what was supposed to happen?" I asked with real concern.
"Grace was simply going to have sex with three consecutive men in front of everyone."
"Isn't that what's about to happen?" I replied.
"It's a very different situation now Alan. It seems Jasmine Parks is a very intelligent and vindictive woman."
"How so?"
"Well.....she has just manipulated Grace English into getting gang raped on stage, and she even figured out how to make her ask for it."
"Shit...I see your point." I replied.
The curtain at the back of the stage was suddenly drawn back and behind it stood three heavily muscled men in matching black pants and shirts. Beside them was a very low and very sturdy looking super-king sized bed with a plain white mattress on top.
"You heard what she said gentlemen." Jasmine Parks said to the three men. "Do any of you have a problem with that?"
"No problem at all....In fact it would be our pleasure." one of the men replied.
"She's all yours gentlemen." Jasmine said before approaching Grace and kissing her hard on the lips for the first time. "Have fun honey," she said with a smile.
Only then did Grace English look behind her and see those three men standing beside that bed.
They weren't just simply big in the way a body-builder might be big. All of their proportions seemed larger than your average man. They surely must have been athletes of some kind. One of them was blonde and the other two had dark hair.
"Oh Christ." was all Grace could say as one of them effortlessly lifted her off the chair and deposited her on the bed as if she weighed nothing at all.
The next man stepped forward and tore off her bra. The last one then tore off her panties revealing that her pubic hair had been waxed into a thin line just above her crotch.
"So you want to get fucked like a slut and treated like a whore huh?" One of the dark haired men said before taking the initiative and giving her some instructions.
"Stand at the foot of the bed with your back to the audience like a good little slut then." he instructed her firmly.
Grace obeyed. She was shaking uncontrollably as she took her position at the foot of the bed.
"Now bend forward at the hips and show your pretty little ass to the audience."
She again obeyed without protest.
"Good girl." he said condescendingly before continuing. "Now you're going stay there and be a good little whore. You're going to use your hands to pull those tight little butt cheeks apart while we take turns at fucking your mouth. I want everyone to see that cute little ass-hole pucker as you take our cocks down your throat".
Grace English, the successful and famous attorney squealed with fright as one of the men took off all his clothes and then knelt on the bed in front of her.
He was fully erect and his rigid, massive cock bobbed up and down in front of her face.
Without the slightest warning he then grabbed her by the hair and proceeded to ram about eight and a half inches of cock down her throat.
She dug her own fingernails hard into the flesh of her quivering rump then.
That reflex action forced her to spread those cheeks even wider as she bared her tiny little ass-hole to the room.
Just as one of the men had said, each time that cock went deep into her throat her body tensed making her sphincter pucker and contract in response.
"I have to admit that's pretty fucking hot." Tara Morgane said out loud, in a way that wasn't at all in keeping with the measured and careful way she had talked up until now.
A different man now took his place in front of Grace as she continued to try and swallow as much cock as she could. She spat and gagged uncontrollably as she struggled to deal with it all.
One of the men picked up a tube of lubricant then and began to thoroughly lube up Grace's pussy and ass as she continued to work the cock in her mouth.
She reacted immediately to that touch. She groaned and pushed back toward the hand that was lubing her up.
Jasmine Parks had been observing patiently at the side of the stage up until then. She slowly approached the bed and then sat to one side. She stared intensely at Grace and seemed to study her facial expressions.
The man in front of Grace slid his cock out of her throat then. All she could do was pant and gasp for breath.
Jasmine began to speak to her in a soothing tone.
"I know what you're feeling baby, and it's okay....just tell them what you want....you can let it happen now."
"I'm not sure what you mean." Grace panted desperately.
"Oh, you know exactly what I mean." Jasmine countered as she softly ran her fingers through Grace's auburn hair.
"Being a dirty girl feels soo good doesn't it?"
Grace grunted hard then. One of the men was still behind her busily applying lubricant and right on cue he stabbed an index finger into her pussy.
"Christ, she is controlling her her like a puppet on a string." I heard Tara Morgane say quietly. There was almost admiration in her voice when she said it.
Jasmine leaned in close then.
"Oh god you want it so bad that it makes you want to cry. I can see it all in those pretty eyes.
Just imagining how delicious it's gonna feel when that nasty big cock enters your tiny little ass-hole inch by inch."
"Oh fuck.....oh fuck." Grace stammered.
"Shhhh...it's okay baby...it's okay....you don't have to deny it any more."
"You don't know what this is doing to me.....it.......it wasn't supposed to be this way.....wasn't supposed to feel like this" Grace gasped with real desperation in her voice.
"It scares you that it feels so good to be a whore in front of everyone doesn't it baby" Jasmine said softly.
"Feels so fuckin good." Grace confessed.
"But you're changing now aren't you pretty girl." Jasmine smiled warmly before finishing. "This is what you wanted to be all along wasn't it. A dirty, filthy little whore."
"Oh god....oh god yes." Grace English gasped.
I looked around then and studied the faces of those close to me in the audience. Most of the men were serious but some were smiling. Without exception all of the women in the audience wore that same steely look in their eyes. A kind of intense arousal mixed with pure emotion.
I stared across at Tara Morgane and saw that very same look.
"Are you alright Tara?" I asked with concern.
"Just fine Alan." She replied sounding nervous and a little out of breath.
Jasmine whispered something to her new little whore then and less than ten seconds later Grace announced something astonishing.
"I want the one with the biggest dick to fuck me in the ass."
There were some astonished murmurs from the audience then. I heard Tara inhale sharply next to me as the sheer rawness of that moment took her by surprise.
Once more I glanced at the audience members around me. Most of the men were stock still as if they had been riveted into their chairs but the women were behaving differently.
One or two of them squirmed about nervously in their chairs. One female member about four seats to my left had hiked up her skirt just a little and seemed to be gently masturbating herself.
"Is all this normal?" I said nervously as I motioned to the woman on our left. It was a question I had asked before, but it was a whole new situation now.
"None of this is normal Alan." Tara admitted. "We've never seen this kind of performance even from an associate. It's clearly affecting the other members deeply."
"Not just the members." I commented as I noticed now tense Tara had become.
"No......not just the members." Tara replied sounding slightly embarrassed.
It's seems that Jasmine Parks had been grossly underestimated by the Valhalla organisation and probably by Grace English too.
"Such a good little whore. Your about to give the audience something they've always wanted to see." Jasmine paused for effect before finishing. "This time it's the lawyer that gets fucked in the ass."
"Awww fuck!" Grace English squealed in a high pitched voice as the man behind her eased his thumb into her well lubed ass.
Jasmine began to discuss something with the remaining two men then. After a few moments they smiled and nodded before approaching Grace.
They picked her up and then deposited her in the middle of the stage. She stood there naked and exposed as she stared out into the faces of her astonished peers.
The three men had all stripped naked now and one of them approached Grace and stood in front of her. Much like the other two, he was well muscled and looked very powerful.
He just stood and stroked his massive erection as he began to talk.
"Take a good look at this big dick in my hand." he taunted.
Grace just stared at it with real fear then.
"Oh fuck." was all Grace could say.
"Y'know for a lawyer you're not very articulate." He mocked her before continuing.
"Tell everyone here what I'm about to do with this massive cock."
The man wasn't exaggerating. The thing must have been nine inches long and it was thick.
Jasmine Parks approached and whispered something into Grace's ear then. By now we had all realised that she was simply telling Grace what to say, and she seemed to be repeating every word as if she was under some kind of spell.
Hell maybe this was really what Grace English had wanted deep down all along.
Maybe she didn't even know it!
Despite her obvious fear, she certainly didn't seem to be putting up much of a fight yet.
"He's gonna ruin my tight little ass with it." Grace looked like she was practically going to cry when she said it.
Suddenly that man in front of her walked behind Grace and picked her up, but he did it in a very impressive kind of way.
Grace simply chanted "Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck." as she realised that the talk was over and she was now on the business end of something she couldn't stop.
As I looked around me I saw that now about four or five of the female members watching had succumbed to temptation and had buried a hand between their own parted thighs.
Some men watching had reached a hand over to the woman that sat next to them and I saw that one or two pairs of legs had spread just a little wider as they welcomed the touch of those searching hands and fingers.
One woman had actually decided to bend down across the male accompanying her and was busily performing oral sex with her hands and mouth as he watched.
Tara Morgane bit down hard on her lower lip as she also watched. I couldn't resist taking a slight chance and I placed a hand on her thigh.
She tensed sharply. I felt her muscles contract as she locked her thighs together tightly to signify that I wasn't going to get any further, but at the same time she didn't push my hand away.
"Please behave yourself Alan." She said sharply.
I left my hand where it was but I didn't take things any further.
That dark haired, well muscled man had walked up behind Grace English and then picked her up by bracing a forearm under each inner thigh and then standing up.
The end result was that Grace faced the audience totally exposed in every way. She fell back against his chest as her feet, still in clad in stilettos, dangled high off the ground. Those stilettos and a small string of white pearls around her neck, were the only items of clothing still left on her body as she was cradled in mid air.
He then drew his arms back forcing Grace's legs apart so wide that the tendons in her groin began to stretch tight.
Jasmine then instructed Grace to reach up and back behind the man with her arms and link her fingers together behind his neck, simply saying "You're gonna need to hold on tight honey."
"How's the weight." Jasmine then asked the man.
"No problem. The little slut's as light as a feather." he replied.
I have real difficulty in accurately describing the beautiful situation we were witnessing.
The naked and toned body of Grace English shook with fear and excitement as she strained against the body of that 'big-dicked gorilla' as Jasmine Parks had described those men earlier.
The nipples on those beautiful 32D breasts were pink and rigid and her pussy was stretched wide and exposed for us as she faced the lustful stares of everyone in the room.
The thick tip of that throbbing, erect cock bobbed and twitched only an inch away form her tiny little ass-hole as the man continued to hold her up effortlessly, but the time was fast approaching when he would begin to lower her down onto it.
Once more Jasmine approached the two of them. She reached down and expertly teased the clitoris of the helpless Grace English with two fingers and she tensed and moaned in response.
"Mmmmm nice and wet baby, but I'm afraid it's the other hole we'll be using first."
"Oh shit......oh Christ." Was the simple response. It seemed that the vocabulary of Grace English was extremely limited when she was overwhelmed.
"No more stalling miss prosecutor, I need something a little more articulate from you. I want the next words out of your mouth to be real, and from deep inside. It's time to tell the truth to everyone here."
"Yes Jasmine." Grace finally responded.
"What are you? What has the great Grace English become?"
"A dirty, filthy little whore." It was surprising to me how easily those word seemed to come.
"And what is the difference between you and I?" Jasmine pressed further.
"Nothing....there's no difference." Grace responded breathlessly.
"Oh but you're so wrong miss prosecutor" Jasmine Parks said smiling before she hammered her point home.
"I became a whore for money. But you..........you just became one for free."
Jasmine then grabbed the huge erect cock of the man who was holding Grace and lined it up perfectly. He began to lower the frantic Grace onto his massive member and she bucked visibly when she felt it make contact.
Her eyes went wide in shock then as she felt her tiny sphincter stretch painfully.
"Shit...shit...shit...No.....STOP!.........TOO BIG!" She screamed.
Grace then used the hands that she had clasped around the man's neck to pull herself up and against gravity.
"NO.....OH GOD, OH GOD....HURTS!"
"Just what is it with her?" One of the other men suddenly said "I thought she was supposed to be a fancy lawyer or something. Shove a hard cock up against her ass and suddenly she forgets how to speak!"
"FUCK YOU!" Grace spat as she struggled to hold herself up and stop the invasion.
"Thanks for the offer miss fancy Lawyer." the man replied, "But I'll be the one who'll be doing the fucking later."
Jasmine bent down and took a close look at what was happening before broadcasting what she saw to everyone.
"He's not inside her yet, he just stretched her out a little. Don't worry, she can't hold herself up forever, very soon her arms are gonna get real tired and she's gonna lose the battle inch by inch."
"Oh Jesus." I heard Tara Morgane whisper to herself beside me.
I felt the muscles in her thighs relax just a little under my hand then. I didn't know if it was a reflex or perhaps some kind of signal but, I gently scratched my fingernails into her hose-covered thigh and I felt a slight shiver run through her body.
"No Alan....fraternising with members is frowned upon."
"Just thought you might appreciate it." I said stupidly before realising how lame that sounded.
"That's okay Alan. You're fine so far. I think we are all a little stunned by this. As long as you go no further we should be okay."
"No problem." I said quietly as I continued to trace tiny circles on her thigh with my fingernails.
In truth I felt like I was going to explode. I was seeing something incredible and every part of me felt like it was on fire.
"I'm gonna make things a little easier for you pretty girl." Jasmine said with a mischievous little grin. "You might find this slightly distracting."
Jasmine Parks then approached the centre stage and got on her knees right in front Grace and that huge man.
She took a close look once more at the progress so far.
"Oh shit girl I can see the tip of that thick cock pushing at your tiny little hole. It's gonna hurt soo good when it violates you....... Let go baby....just let go."
Grace tried to loosen her grip and slowly ease down. She immediately squealed and then pulled herself back up.
"Let me make it better for you." Jasmine said reassuringly.
She then gathered her blonde hair in one hand and drew it to one side as she craned her neck upward.
She pressed her mouth over Grace's open and exposed pussy and pushed her tongue as deep into her as she could.
"AWW SHIT...OH GOD JASMINE......OH PLEASE!" Grace cried out virtually in tears as that tongue invaded her.
Jasmine just doubled her efforts then.
Grace was shuddering uncontrollably now and her arms looked like they were about to give out.
"S-scared......c-can't hold on." Grace stuttered sounding petrified. Her arms were shaking from the exertion of holding herself up now.
Jasmine showed no mercy. If anything, she intensified her oral assault on Grace's pussy.
"OH FUUCK PLEASE NO!!!...I CAN'T HOLD ON ANYMORE!" Grace shouted then.
"Just let go baby....just let go. I ain't gonna lie to you honey. It's really gonna hurt bad at first, but when it stops hurting everything will change. Suddenly it will feel like heaven." Jasmine reassured.
Grace English let go then and she screamed. For a moment she seemed to hover in place as her sphincter stretched and protested and then with a violent jolt she shot down about three inches as the massive cock impaled her.
That huge man behind her stopped her descent as he held her in place and Grace just howled in pain.
"Fuck that has to be the tightest ass I've ever felt." the huge gorilla impaling her exclaimed.
"DON'T MOVE...OH PLEASE JUST DON'T FUCKING MOVE!" Grace English pleaded.
"Relax babe." the man reassured. "The hard part is over. I'm gonna let you get good and used to it before I start going deeper."
"I got that part covered " Jasmine said as she continued to kneel in front of them both and then bury her tongue deep into Grace's pussy once more.
After about a minute she was rewarded with a deep groan for her efforts. Jasmine responded to that groan by making an odd sort of 'come hither' gesture with her hand.
The meaning of that gesture was apparently understood immediately as Grace was lowered and impaled onto that cock by one more inch.
It was a sequence that was repeated over and over until Grace couldn't be lowered any more.
The whole process took approximately five minutes to achieve, but when it was over, the tiny little ass of Grace English and been filled with almost nine inches of thick cock.
"Be a good little whore and tell us exactly what you're feeling" Jasmine ordered.
"Oh god.....so full......deep....It's like....I feel him in my stomach." Grace stammered.
"It doesn't hurt any more does it baby.....you're starting to like it now aren't you?" Jasmine pressed.
"Doesn't hurt.....oh fuck I can feel it so deep inside."
"You didn't answer my question fully Miss English." Jasmine pressed.
The man impaling Grace subtly ground his pelvis forward for the first time then and her response was immediate.
"Oh fuuuuck!....Yes...I like it...oh god....I like it!"
Jasmine stood up then and gave Grace a passionate, deep kiss on the lips. She broke away a few moments later and then began to talk once more.
"How does your pussy taste on my lips honey?"
The man behind her continued to grind his cock deep into Grace in small circular movements.
For the first time Grace began to move and gyrate with that motion.
"Oh she's really starting to get into it now" Jasmine said sounding very pleased with herself.
"Well it's about to get a whole lot better for you baby" She then added as Grace English began to grind her ass onto that cock a little harder.
"That fine gentleman is gonna stay behind you and keep working that tight little ass, but his friends have something else in mind for you. Can you guess what it is?"
Grace glanced briefly at those two other men then. One of them approached her and stood directly in front of her.
"Is she getting heavy yet." He asked his friend behind her.
"Nah man she's just a tight little ass-hole on legs to me." He replied still apparently finding all of this effortless.
"Let me spell it out for ya." the man in front said directly to Grace this time. "My buddy and I are gonna take turns at fucking that high-priced lawyer pussy of yours while our strong friend back there continues to pound your ass."
"Don't give her time to think about it......just get ready to fuck that little whore." Jasmine Parks urged.
That man in front of Grace just bent his knees and lowered himself slightly then as he nuzzled tip tip of his cock up against her pussy. His muscles were tense but he didn't thrust. He seemed to be waiting for some kind of cue.
"Oh god this can't be real." Grace managed to gasp then. The man behind her seemed to be picking up the pace and her body began to shudder at the impact from behind.
"You're gonna have to beg him to fuck you." Jasmine informed her.
Grace seemed to scan the audience frantically with her eyes then. In a startling moment she seemed to lock eyes with both myself and Tara Morgane.
Not a word was said. She just shuddered as the pounding from behind intensified.
"She wants you to enjoy this." I said to Tara using virtually the same words she had said to me not long before.
"God this is too much."She replied breathlessly.
Tara held on tight to the arm rests on each side of her chair and she exhaled hard then. I raked at her thigh with my fingernails once more and this time there was a slight reaction. I felt her legs part just a little.
I grew a little bolder then and traced a finger up her inner thigh.
Tara let out an audible sigh then.
"This isn't the way it's supposed to work Alan. There are rules."
"Tell me Tara," I said almost mimicking the way she had talked to me earlier. "Do you think Grace would get a kick out of knowing that watching her get fucked drove you this crazy?"
"I know for a fact she would love that Alan." Tara said a little nervously.
"Well then just imagine how happy she's gonna be when she sees what about to happen?"
"What exactly......."
Tara was cut off in mid sentence then by two startling things then.
At that precise moment Grace English seemed to lose all control as she screamed "FUCK ME LIKE A DIRTY LITTLE WHORE!" at that man in front of her.
His muscles tensed before he drove his cock deep and hard into her pussy all the way in one stroke.
Grace just screamed as the two men double penetrated her.
I also chose that exact moment to drive my hand hard up in between the thighs of Tara Morgane as she sat next to me. I felt her flesh as I discovered that her stockings only went to her upper thighs and I pushed on further until I felt the heat and moisture flooding out of her soaked panties.
"Oh shit!" Tara rasped in a hushed, high pitched voice. She seemed to hesitate for just a moment but I really didn't give her much opportunity to protest. I ground my fingers into her soaked crotch and moments later I felt her relent as she parted her thighs and gave me full access.
"You don't have to say a word." I said as reassuringly as I could "You're not made of stone Tara, I saw what this was doing to you and I want to help."
"Yeah I bet." She gasped as she grabbed the hand I had buried in her crotch.
An interesting thing happened then. Instead of pushing my hand away, she simply placed her hand on top of mine and pressed it harder into her crotch as she began to grind her pelvis hard on the chair.
"Sometimes It's okay to break the rules Tara." I said.
She gave me the most interesting look then. Her body began to shake with nervous excitement and she said something that actually touched me deeply.
"I never break the rules, never. But you're not like the rest of them...I don't really know you, but It feels right somehow."
"I want you to feel good Tara....I want you to keep watching and feeling what's happening. Sooner or later Grace is gonna come, and when she does I'm gonna do my best to make sure you come with her."
"Fuck Alan....where the hell did you come from?"
"I came from nowhere." I replied
Meanwhile on centre stage, Grace English, the respected and very successful attorney was receiving a fucking of biblical proportions.
Both men had simply begun to jack-hammer into her from both the front and the back as they held her up. Her stiletto clad feet dangled and shook as she was suspended about a foot off the ground.
The low pitched grunts of the men formed a kind of rhythm as they pounded into her and Grace had apparently lost all command of the english language now.
Her eyes glassed over as if she was in some kind of trance, and when the man in front of her offered her his fingers she hungrily took them into her mouth and then bobbed her head back and forth vigorously.
Jasmine Parks had remained unusually passive for the past few minutes. She seemed to just be watching now and enjoying the sequence of events that she had put in motion.
I was under no illusion that she had planned and orchestrated all of this.
Just before all of this began, Jasmine Parks and those three men had been instructed to wait together patiently in that curtained off area back stage.
Jasmine had the best part of twenty minutes then to talk unsupervised to those men. It seems that she had used that time well.
Her motives for what she had done were obvious.
She had reduced the woman who had helped convict her for prostitution to the level of a base whore.
The ultimate irony.
The most interesting part is that Grace English had probably never been happier in her life than she was right now.
I very much doubted that the life of Grace English would ever be the same again after tonight. Too many doors had been opened inside her now. The next few months of her life would probably be a blur of sex and degradation as the new desires took over.
Jasmine then began to stroke the cock of the other man who had been waiting patiently up until now. As soon as she had gotten him fully erect she un-ceremoniusly led him by the cock to the centre stage.
"It's time to tag-out stud." She said to the man in front who was buried all the way to his balls in Grace's pussy.
As he withdrew we all saw Grace's exposed pussy gape open and moisture flood out of her.
The nipples on her beautiful big breasts just seemed to be permanently rigid now and she stared in a daze out at the audience. What she saw was a collection of women frantically masturbating and a whole lot of male/female couples pleasuring each other as they watched her ordeal.
She saw the frantic look on the face of Tara Morgane and she gave a dazed almost-smile when she saw my hand massaging her crotch.
"Oh god Alan, did you see how she looked at me. I've never seen anyone give me that look before."
Tara whispered then.
"She's just happy you're feeling it with her." I whispered back.
"I want to come when she comes Alan. I want that really bad." Tara confessed.
"Then spread your legs wide and watch Grace closely." I instructed, "Feel what she feels and build when she builds. I'm gonna speed up my hand when the time comes and you will both get there together."
"I know what you must be thinking of me." Tara said sounding almost ashamed.
"Well I hope so, because I think you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen." That wasn't a line. I meant every word as I said it.
Tara gave me a different kind of look then. Right then I knew that something beautiful and permanent between us had come out of this intense experience.
All caution left Tara then as she spread her legs wide and pushed her pelvis forward to meet my touch.
A fresh new cock attached to a well built, light haired 'twenty-something' man was now poised to enter the gaping pussy of Grace English.
The same dark haired man behind her just stayed buried, deep inside her now thoroughly broken-in ass. He had more or less become the anchor for that three man tag-team.
"You're smart enough to know I did this to you for a reason." Jasmine said then.
"Yes.....I know." Grace finally spoke. Her voice was raspy and she began to draw out her words as if she had a mouth full of molasses. The end result was that Grace now spoke in a kind of sexy drawl.
"What was my reason Miss English?" Jasmine questioned.
"To teach me a lesson........to make me your dirty little whore."
"My dirty little whore?" Jasmine actually looked surprised then.
"What makes you think I would actually choose you?"
Jasmine spoke calmly and clearly then and the whole room, including the men on stage listened intently.
"Just because I stuck my tongue in your pussy doesn't mean I'm a lesbian or that I want a girlfriend miss English.......but I can think of many wonderful uses for you."
"Oh yes......please......I want you to use me." Grace admitted immediately.
"You know you actually have a much nicer personality when you have a dick shoved up your ass."
Jasmine continued. "Things could be like this for you every day if I wanted them to be. You could feel like this every single day."
"Oh god yes.....I'll be such a good little slut for you...I promise."
With that one little sentence Grace English had as good as sold her soul to Jasmine Parks. The really interesting part is that she probably knew it all along and wanted that more than ever now.
"Look this is fascinating and all," The blonde haired man standing in front of Grace interrupted. "But if you don't mind I'm about ready to fuck this dirty little bitch."
"I apologise, you're absolutely right." Jasmine paused for a moment...."She'll take it as hard as you can give it to her because she wants to make me proud, don't you baby"
"Give it to me as hard as you can." Grace responded.
The man punched his cock powerfully into Grace then and she shook and almost screamed as the savage pounding from both sides resumed with more intensity than before.
The onslaught actually went on for another five minutes .
As we watched on I continued to grind my hand against Tara's soaking lace panties and then without prompting she reached down and pulled her panties to one side.
"It's okay Alan, I want you to." She gasped.
I shot my middle finger deep inside her then and she began to rock her hips forward with increasing speed.
The tight vagina of Tara Morgane felt incredible as it engulfed my finger and I could only imagine how amazing it would feel when I finally got the chance to sink my cock into her deep and hard.
"GONNA COME REAL BAD!" Grace then screamed to the whole room as the two men virtually brutalised her.
I responded to that cue and began to pound my middle finger into Tara's tight pussy. She spread her legs wide and and ground her pelvis forward hard to meet me.
"OH SHIT..IT'S GONNA HAPPEN...GONNA HAPPEN......" Grace English yelled out once more
"Now Tara....Now!" I ordered.
She responded by shooting one hand up to her breasts and then the other down to her clitoris as I continued to pound her with my finger.
She worked on herself furiously with both hands then.
"Gonna happen........Gonna happen" Tara said actually mimicking the words of Grace English then.
The climax of Grace English was no ordinary orgasm. He howled and screamed and then began to shudder as if she was suffering from some kind of seizure. It was an orgasm and a sight that was so intense that you just knew that Grace was never going to be the same again.
Tara Morgane hit her mark only a second later. I felt her muscles contract and then moisture spray all over my hand as she screamed out loud and then continued to shudder for a good thirty seconds.
"Fuck Alan.....it's never felt like that before." She said breathlessly as the contractions began to fade.
"You can let her have it now fellas." Jasmine parks instructed the two sweat covered men.
They had been pacing themselves for so long, but you could tell now that rather than trying to control themselves and hold back, the two men were simply looking to build to an orgasm now.
It only took about thirty seconds before they began to pump come into both of Grace's holes as they came almost simultaneously.
"Don't worry." Jasmine said to the remaining man that was watching patiently. "She's gonna finish you off privately later tonight...Isn't that right pretty girl?"
Grace English couldn't talk then, she simply nodded her head in reply as her body went limp from exhaustion.
The man in front pulled out of her immediately and he then assisted the man behind. They both lifted Grace slowly as he carefully drew his cock out of her ass.
Come mixed with her own fluids flooded down her legs then.
Jasmine Parks whispered something to the men and they responded by depositing Grace English on her knees at the foot of that low bed.
Her back was to the audience. Jasmine pushed her forward and bent her over at the hips until her upper body lay across the bed and her knees were still on the floor.
Jasmine then yanked Grace's knees apart with her hands. For the first time we were given a view of the aftermath and I think we all just stared in amazement.
Grace's poor ass was red and stretched and now gaped open. It glistened with fluid as come continued to seep from it.
Her vagina was in a similar state and her pelvic muscles twitched involuntarily every now and then as if trying to recover from over use.
"This is what it looks like after a dirty little whore gets stretched out by two cocks." Jasmine announced to the room.
"I can see you all enjoyed her violation very much. I know Grace here certainly did. I haven't seen a woman come that hard in a very long time." Jasmine commented as she watched many in the audience begin to straighten their clothes and make themselves presentable once more.
She thought briefly then before adding one more comment.
"If any of you like what you saw here tonight, then please feel free to engage the services of Grace English as your attorney. As you can see she's always willing to go that little bit further for the right client."
"Okay that's enough now miss Parks. We all saw what an exceptional job you did here and we are all very impressed, but maybe we should give Grace some time to recover now." Tara Morgane stood up and said firmly.
I was impressed with the way Tara had recovered and picked herself up after her unscheduled orgasm, but her face was still clearly red and flushed and her dress was creased and in dis-array.
"I think perhaps you're right Miss Morgane." Jasmine agreed and then added "I was particularly pleased to see you enjoy Grace's performance so much.
Tara Morgane just seemed to burn with embarrassment then.
"Me and the boys will see you later Miss English. You and I both know that this is just the beginning." Jasmine said to the exhausted woman still lying exposed across that bed.
Everyone began to file out of that room then. After a short while all that remained in the room was Tara, myself and the exhausted Grace.
Tara rushed immediately to Grace then and helped her get gingerly up onto the bed before she curled herself into a foetal position on the mattress.
"Just tell me you're okay Grace. Let us know you're alright." Tara said sounding very worried.
"I'm much more than okay Tara." Grace said as she continued to shake.
"Listen Grace you have to know that we had no idea it was going to go that way. We didn't know how smart Jasmine Parks was. There was no way we could know she would be so..........." Tara faltered then, not sure what the next word should be.
"So incredible?" Grace offered.
"Well that wasn't the word I was searching for, but I take it from your response that you're not upset then?"
"I could have backed out.....I knew what she was doing...but god Tara it just felt so good."
"It was one of the most incredible things I've seen here or anywhere for that matter." Tara Morgane confessed.
"I know you didn't think I could see you. But I saw the way you came just after me Tara. I could see that you understood."
Grace actually spoke to me then.
"I think you've just made yourself a very close friend Mr Shaw. I've never seen Tara do that with anyone here."
"I think you're both incredible." I said truthfully.
"Does it hurt now Grace?" Tara asked.
"Feels numb, but also a little like I just got fucked with a fence post."
"Three of them." Tara said actually smiling for the first time then.
Grace began to gingerly get up then and I offered an arm to steady her as she rose and stood on very shaky feet.
"I'm going make sure you get to the private room safely. Your change of clothes has already been laid out on the bed there and we'll run a nice hot shower for you." Tara reassured.
"I don't regret a single thing and I meant everything I said." Grace said.
"You were incredible" Tara replied.
"I know nobody here is ever going to look at me the same way again. I know what they must think of me now."
"That's not true." Tara countered.
"Yes it is Tara but I don't care. I'm gonna walk back into that reception room in half an hour or so and stare them all in the face. Hell I'm even going to take care of that other man later on like Jasmine told me to."
"You don't have to explain anything at all Grace. You know that I understand."
The two women smiled at each other then.
A female associate came in then with a cotton robe and Grace put it on before being escorted to a private room to freshen up.
Tara and I were alone for the first time then.
"I think Grace might be one of the most exceptional women I have ever met." I said to Tara with real admiration in my voice.
"Yes, she is exceptional." She agreed before getting a little more formal once more. "So Alan, I take it you'll be joining Valhalla immediately."
After what Tara and I had just been through the switch back to formality worried me.
"Naturally Tara, I'll sign whatever you want me to right now...... but I'm interested in something much more important than this place."
"Oh?....and what would that be Mr Shaw." Tara smiled then as our thoughts seemed to converge on the same point.
I kissed her then. Not an aggressive kiss and not a wild frantic kiss either. Just a simple beautiful moment.
It was a moment that led to an understanding that this was the beginning of something more. Something wonderful.
We stayed in that room for a while.
We simply talked, we enjoyed each others company.
After a while Tara took me by the hand and led me out of the room, then down a corridor until we reached the solid wooden door of a private room.
Instead of opening the door Tara simply knocked on it and a few moments later a rejuvenated Grace English appeared. She walked a little gingerly but still quite freely.
She had on a fresh new blue skirt-suit and her hair and make-up were now immaculate once more.
"Are you ready to face the world Grace?" Tara said smiling.
"I'm ready." She replied simply.
We all walked together back to the main doors of the reception room and Grace stopped then before going in.
"I'm not ashamed of what I am. You have no idea how free I feel now."
Tara said something then that totally defused the situation. She was smiling as she said it and Grace reacted to it in the most strong and positive way.
"Tell us what the great Grace English has become.?" Tara said mimicking the very words Jasmine Parks had used earlier.
"A dirty, filthy little whore." Grace replied with more than a hint of pride in her voice.
We all entered the Valhalla reception room together then, and we were met with nothing but stunned silence from the huge gathering of people inside.
Grace looked back at them all with steely defiance.
The next moment was about as memorable as it could possibly get.
The whole room erupted into rapturous applause and everyone around her looked on with a kind of stunned respect.
Yes it was true that they saw her differently now, but it was not in the way Grace had feared.
They were in awe of her.
Grace just looked about the room speechless.
Tara chose her moment and then did something very special. She simply walked up beside Grace English and whispered.
"This is for you Grace. They are all cheering for you."
It was the beginning of a new and wonderful life for Grace English.
It was also the beginning of something wonderful for myself and Tara Morgane.
THE END.