Getting Married Set Me Free
by Vanessa Evans
Part 5
Day 8 - Sunday
We had a lazy morning, not getting off the bed until it was time to get ready to go to Dylan's boss's annual barbecue.
I was unsure what I should wear so I phoned Lucy, her having gone to the barbecue the previous year.
"Just a nice, summer dress Esther, it's an opportunity to tease the boss to, hopefully, get him to give your man a big pay rise and bonus."
"So the more flesh he sees, the bigger the bonus?"
"That's the theory, but there's no way of telling if it works, none of the guys tell each other what they get. Oh, a little warning, Henry (the boss) gets a little handsy when Julia (Henry's wife) isn't around."
"So an ultra-short, thin summer dress is the order of the day then Lucy?"
"If you want to help Dylan, yes."
"Okay, I can do that. With a bit of luck I can get something out of it as well. Thanks Lucy."
I chose to wear a loose fitting, slightly see-through micro dress that has a deep 'V' at both the front and back. If I lean forwards all of my tits can be seen by anyone in front of me and my bare butt can be seen by anyone behind me. I also chose a pair of 5 inch heels.
Just for a bit of fun, Dylan came up behind me and pushed the shoulder straps off my shoulders and the dress quickly slid off me and puddled on the floor leaving me naked.
"I hope that you're not planning on doing that at your boss's house."
"I might, I know that you want me to do it. Besides, you bought that dress just so that I could do that didn't you?"
"Maybe."
I feared that since I was still not that used to wearing heels progress would be slow getting to Dylan's boss's house but Dylan phoned for a Uber. After he'd done that he told me that I could use his Uber account anytime that I wanted, but I was used to getting around on the Underground so I told him that I would continue to do that.
"You just want to flash your goodies and get groped don't you Esther?"
"Well now that I've discovered the fun that I can have can you blame me?"
"Not at all, in fact some days you can get up when I do and come with me, I'll stand near to, but not next to you, and we'll see what happens."
"That sounds fun, I might take you up on that lover."
"You look amazing Esther." Dylan said as we walked out to the Uber. "I didn't realise how see-through that dress is. Have you ever thought of getting your nipples or clit hood pierced so that you can have jewellery or chains showing through the fabric?"
"No I haven't, I'm not sure that I'd like piercings but I will think about it."
We arrived at Dylan's boss's house at the same time as Lucy and Tom's Uber arrived and as we walked to the door Tom said,
"That's quite a daring dress Esther."
Lucy saying,
"Love the dress Esther, where did you get it?"
"I'll take you to the shop sometime Lucy." I replied.
Both Henry and Julia (boss and wife) answered the doorbell and introductions were made. Henry saying,
"So you're Esther, when Dylan was telling us about the girl that he was going to marry I imagined that he was going to marry a nun, and when I saw your honeymoon photographs I wondered if he had hired a call girls to pose for him, but they were genuine and here you are in the flesh so to speak, looking better than in the photographs."
"You didn't tell me about Dylan's honeymoon photographs Henry." Julia said.
"No I didn't, but you can see the real thing now, she's gorgeous isn't she.?"
"Yes she is." Julia replied, "I'm jealous."
"Didn't you say something similar to me when you first met me a year ago?" Lucy said.
"Did I? Well now we have 2 beauties married to my men." Henry replied.
I was soon being introduced to all the other guests and it was obvious that most of Henry's staff were young men and that they had younger wives or girlfriends. Also, most of the girls were wearing quite short and low-cut summer dresses. As we went round everyone I couldn't help noticing that most of the summer dresses were made of thin fabric that if the girl was between me and the sun, I could see the shape of her body through it, and the bulges made by the girl's nipples. On 3 of the girls I could see the shape of their inner labia lips hanging down, confirming that they weren't wearing any knickers like, I suspected, most of the other girls there.
A thought crossed my mind, that Dylan would be happy that it was a warm, sunny day so that he could appreciate the scenery.
It was self-service for the drinks and Dylan got himself a beer and me a glass of wine, something that I'd never had before, then we started talking to the nearest group. It wasn't long before the comments about the photographs and my slightly see-through dress started coming, all of which were complimentary, even from the girls there, and all of which made my nipples and clit tingle and my pussy get wet.
In a moment when the conversation was about Dylan's work I reflected on how I had changed, and how different that barbecue was to the last one that I'd been to last year which was at my mother's church. They didn't even have any alcohol there.
I was released from my daydream by another girl there (Sue) who asked me if it was really true that until I got married I was a devout Catholic and dressed like I was one of the TV Walton girls.
"Well I don't know what a Walton girl is but my clothes were horrible, my mother acts like it is still the 19th century and I've got Dylan to thank for getting me out of there."
"You didn't marry Dylan just to escape your mother did you?"
"No, no, it wasn't like that at all. I love Dylan more than anyone can love someone, he's amazing."
"So are you rebelling against the clothes that you used to have to wear, I mean, you've gone from dressing like a Walton girl to wearing next to nothing, everyone can see that that dress is all that you are wearing."
"No I'm not rebelling, with Dylan's help I've realised that I really like dressing like this. Okay, I know that I accidentally flash my goodies occasionally but instead of feeling guilty about my body, Dylan has helped me to be proud of my body, and now I just love it when people say that I have an amazing body."
"What's that about you having an amazing body?" a male voice behind me said.
I turned and saw Henry standing there. He moved to my side and put a hand on my butt.
"Oh," I replied as the hand slid up under my dress, "I was just telling Sue that Dylan has convinced me that all that Catholic guilt is rubbish and that it's okay to be proud of my body."
"Having seen the photographs I would say that my man Dylan has done a brilliant job with that. Let's hope that we get to see the real thing later." Henry replied as his hand gently rubbed my bare butt. "I mean we can already see most of it with you wearing that see-through dress Esther."
Henry's hand squeezed one of my bare butt cheeks and as I turned my head to look at him I could see that he was looking down the front of my dress.
"Henry, I can't just get naked, what would everyone think, it just wouldn't be right."
"Maybe you could start a trend Esther, all you delightful girls get naked and we could call these barbecues a CMNF barbecue."
"What's CMNF?" I asked.
"Clothed Male Naked Female." Sue replied and added, "I'm not sure that I could strip off."
"It's warm enough and private enough, so why not?" Henry asked.
Just then Julia shouted for Henry telling him that the barbecue needed his attention. That attention being that the food was ready to be served. People lined up and got a plate full then went looking for somewhere to sit and eat.
There was a sort of circle of chairs and the girls sat on the chairs with the guys sat at their feet on the grass. It was only when Dylan quietly said that he could see my wet pussy that I realised most of the guys could see up their girl's skirt because they were sat with their plates on their laps. I opened my knees a little bit more so that Dylan could get a better look at my pussy.
Everyone eating, Henry and Julia came round offering more drinks. I watched Henry and saw that he was looking at each girl's lap as he went round. When he got to Dylan and myself I think that the wine must have got to me a bit because I lifted my plate up to my chest and spread my knees even wider apart.
I saw Dylan smiling and Henry looking like he had won the lottery. I giggled.
"She's only recently started drinking and never had wine before." Dylan said, but not in a tone of apology.
"That's okay Dylan, I'll put some dance music on in a bit and maybe she can dance it off. The alcohol I mean but if she wants to take the dress off that's okay with me."
Dylan said nothing, Henry walked to the next couple and I wondered what it would be like to dance naked with everyone there watching me.
When everyone had finished eating people started talking again and after a few minutes Henry called for silence then thanked everyone for coming and added a short motivation speech to his team. Just as that was ending Dylan stepped into the middle of everyone and said,
"Hey Ladies and Gentlemen, earlier, the boss had an idea that I'd like to hear everyone's opinion on, he suggested that these barbecues should be CMNF barbecues. In case anyone doesn't know what CMNF is it's Clothed Male Naked Female. So everyone, what do you think of the idea?"
There was a deadly silence for a good few seconds then one of the girls said,
"You mean all of us girls have to take our clothes off?"
"Yes," Dylan replied, "and to start the ball rolling I invite by bride to be the first girl to get naked. Esther, can yo come over here please?"
My jaw dropped and I looked round and saw that everyone's eyes were on me. I felt my face go all red, my nipples and clit get as hard as they could. And my pussy start leaking.
"Oh my gawd, Dylan's dropped me in it, I really love that guy." I thought as I walked over to where Dylan was.
"Need any help Esther?" Henry asked.
"I think that I can manage." I replied, but Dylan said,
"Okay Henry, I think that Esther would appreciate that."
Before I realised what was happening, Henry was stood in front of me with his hands on my shoulders.
"Just slide the shoulder straps off boss." Dylan said.
Henry was staring into my eyes as his hands slowly slid the straps of my dress outwards. In Henry's eyes I could see that look of lust that Dylan gets when he's about to fuck me.
I felt the dress start to slide down my body and 2 seconds later it was puddled at my feet leaving me wearing only my heels. Henry took a step back and so did I, completely out of the dress as I heard a couple of gasps from female voices.
"My, my," Henry quietly said, "so much better than the photographs. I love that you are bald down there, do you laser it?"
"Thank you Henry." I replied, not answering the question.
"Do a twirl and show everyone." Henry loudly said.
I did, and as my eyes passed Dylan's I could see an expression of pride and lust. I could also feel my nipples and clit throbbing, I so wanted Dylan to fuck me.
Back facing Henry, Dylan said,
"Okay ladies, who's next?"
There was deadly silence for a few seconds before Lucy made the first move, her hands going to her back to unzip her dress. Then another girl took her top off revealing that she was braless. Before long all the girls, except Julia, were taking all their clothes off. I wondered just how many of the girls were only getting naked in the hope that their man would get a big pay rise or bonus, of if they were actually like me, enjoying exposing their naked bodies to their man's work colleagues.
Once all the girls were naked, Henry turned to look at Julia and said,
"You're turn Julia."
"No, no, no; no chance, no one wants to see my old body." Julia replied.
I guessed that Henry had no leverage over Julia as he didn't pursue the matter.
Most of the girls were making half-hearted attempts to cover their tits and pussies, unlike Lucy and I. Lucy was obviously as proud of her body as I was of mine.
"Okay let's get the party going again." Henry shouted as he walked to where the sound system was.
Lucy came over to me and said,
"Let's dance."
I'd never had any real chances to dance anywhere other than my bedroom, only watch YouTube videos when my mother was out, so I wasn't very relaxed or good at it so I sort of copied what Lucy was doing. Soon, quite a few of the other girls had started dancing and some of the guys as well.
Unsurprisingly, Henry wanted to dance with most of the girls, and his version of dancing included physical contact. When he got to me he tried to dance the old fashioned way, holding my hand at arms length and putting the other arm round my waist, only he must have thought that my waist was much lower that it actually was and his hand was squeezing one of my butt cheeks.
Then he pulled me close so that my little tits were on his chest and his hips were almost touching mine. I could feel his hard cock pressing on my stomach and I wondered what it would feel like if he wasn't wearing any trousers.
Julia came and saved me by telling Henry to,
"Leave the poor girl alone, I'm sure that she'd rather dance with her new husband."
Henry moved on to another girl that was near me.
"Thanks Julia." I said as Dylan moved in front of me and put his arms on my shoulders.
"You okay Esther?" Dylan asked.
"Yes, I am. I love you and hate you for getting me to strip like that but it is nice being naked with all your work colleagues around me. Although for one second I thought that Henry was going to lift me up and lower me onto his cock like you do, but Julia turned up just at the right moment."
"Good, I don't think that I want my boss to fuck you."
"But you wouldn't mind if your workmates did?" I asked.
"No I wouldn't mind, just so long as I could watch, but it's up to you, not me, would you like them to fuck you Esther."
"Well I've only ever had one man's cock inside me so I think that I would like to sample a few others, but it's not going to happen, is it?"
"Doubtful, maybe Tom."
"I'd like that, he makes a nice sized tent in his trousers, but it's not as big as your marque."
"You say all the right things Esther."
We danced and I preferred the slow ones so that I could press my naked body against Dylan and feel his boner.
After the dancing had gone on for an hour or so, the music stopped and Henry said,
"Well everyone, just about all of you have seen the photos of our latest married couple's honeymoon and you're all looking at the amazing Esther in all her glory right now, but the big question is, how has getting married changed them? Esther, how has getting married changed you?"
"Wow," I replied, "where do I start. Lets just say that with Dylan's help I've done so many things for the first time that I'd need a supermarket till roll to write them all down."
"Okay Esther, just tell us the biggest 2 things."
"Okay, well I guess the best thing is sex. I was a virgin when I got married."
"Poor you Esther, sex is amazing isn't it and I bet that you are catching up quickly. What about the second thing?"
"I guess that it's being able to be naked in places that people don't usually get naked. We found that nude beach that you've seen in the photos and I really enjoyed my time there with all the men looking at me."
"Well I'm happy that I suggested a CMNF barbecue." Henry said, "How about you Dylan, what 2 things are you really enjoying about married life?"
Dylan put his arm round me and replied,
"Well, I don't think that I need to tell you the first thing, just look at this body. Esther has discovered that she loves it and is proud of it and I love it too and I am proud of it for her, I really have trouble keeping my hands off it.
"I guess that the second thing is the way that Esther has changed. As most of you know her mother is a devout Catholic living in the 19th century and that is how she raised Esther, but look at her now. What more could any man ask from his bride?
"Oh, there's a third thing, we've discovered that Esther really enjoys being spanked. She's one of those lucky girls that spanking makes her cum, not that she's been short of orgasms since we got married."
"Wow Dylan," Henry said, "that's one hell of a confession, perhaps you could put on a demonstration of that?"
"Noooo," I said, but Henry ignored me and responded to the cheering, or just his perverted mind, he said,
"I'll get you a chair."
"Actually boss, would you mind if we used that table over there, the one that had the food on it?"
"Sure, 2 of you guys go and get it and put it in the middle here. This could be very interesting."
I was extremely nervous and actually shaking a bit as I watched and waited, but at the same time the throbbing and tingling was almost making me cum.
Once the table was in the middle of everyone Dylan told me to get on my back on the table. I was still quaking as I got on and lay there with my knees tightly together. I looked down at my chest and got reminded that when I'm on my back my tiny tits seem to disappear leaving just 2 hard nipples sticking out of it.
"Okay Esther," Dylan said, "you are going to be spanked in a position that is new to you, please lift your legs, grab your ankles and push your legs as far apart as you can."
I gulped some saliva down as I realised that I was going to be spread as wide as when those guys on the nude beach lifted me up and pulled my legs apart so that they could take loads of photos, but I did as instructed and heard a couple of female gasps.
"Good girl Esther," Henry loudly said then continued in a softer voice,
"I totally agree with Dylan, you do have an amazing body and your pussy is beyond perfect, I can see why you are proud of it and want the whole world to see it."
I felt my face get a darker shade of red.
"Over to you Dylan." Henry said and I braced myself for what I knew was coming but then Dylan started talking again. I cursed, wondering if he was deliberately extending the time that I was spread wide open.
"With your permission boss, I'd like to open up the spanking to everyone here, say 5 spanks each, no, better make that just 1 spank each, I don't think that Esther would last long enough for everyone to give her 5. Please guys, everyone who wants to spank my gorgeous wife's bare butt make a line, and I don't want to have to take Esther to A&E just go home with at smarting and very red butt, so don't be too brutal with her."
"Excellent idea Dylan, shall I go first?"
"Yes sir, be my guest."
As I waited for the first swat to land I was both cursing and thanking Dylan in my brain. I didn't know how long I would last but I just knew that it was going to be a very intense one when it arrived. I looked at Henry and saw that he was staring at my spread pussy. I closed my eyes as I saw hm raise his hand.
SWAT
"Ouch, one, thank you sir."
Thankfully, it hadn't been that hard and I relaxed just a little.
"Impressive Esther, have you been reading some BDSM magazines?"
I hadn't a clue what he was on about so I just lay there holding my legs far apart.
Henry moved out of the way and one of the other guys moved close. Again I watched him staring at my pussy until his arm went up.
SWAT
"Two, thank you sir."
I opened my eyes and looked down my front and saw my clit pointing to the sky and it looked big. Then I looked up and saw another one of Dylan's colleagues staring down at my spread pussy.
Again I closed my eyes when his arm went up.
SWAT
"Three, thank you sir."
On it went until 9 of Dylan's colleagues had landed a spank on my butt and I opened my eyes to see who was next. It was my turn to do a double-take as I saw Lucy looking down at my pussy.
"Jeez Esther, your pussy wasn't that swollen and wet when we were doing yoga."
I didn't get the chance to reply as Lucy's right hand came down on my butt, and it was with more speed than any of the guys.
"Ten, thank you sir sorry ma'am."
As Lucy moved away and the next guy moved in for his turn I heard Henry ask Lucy about the yoga. She shut him down by saying that they were private, ladies only sessions.
Two more guys and 3 more girls spanked me before it was time for Henry's second turn. By then my butt was getting quite numb and my arousal level was quickly rising. As Henry was looking down at my pussy, or my red butt, or both, I heard Dylan say,
"A little harder this time Henry."
Henry's version of a little harder was a lot, lot harder and when it landed I said,
"Fuuuck that hurt," I said as really strong ripples of electricity went from my butt to my clit, then up to my nipples.
"Oh shit, I'm cuuuuuummmming." I managed to say.
My body started shaking and jerking and my hands gripped my legs like my life depended on it. I was also letting out a few swear words, something which was a first for me. I would have been grounded for a month and my mother would have immediately taken me to church to confess my sins if she had heard what I was saying at that moment.
When I finally started to return to normal I opened my eyes and saw Henry right in front of me and he was surrounded by everyone who could manage to see me. What's more, Henry had a phone in his hand and was pointing the camera lens at my pussy. I wondered how long that had been there. Dylan was standing behind me and slowly stroking the side of my face.
Henry was the first to speak.
"You've got a real keeper there Dylan, you should have seen her pussy convulsions, it was like she was trying to suck in a cock. Oh wait, you've probably seen her doing that already but I'm sure that you'll watch the video that I'll email to everyone. You're one lucky bastard Dylan."
I let go of my legs and slowly got off the table, Dylan coming round it to make sure that I could stand unsupported.
"Okay folks," Henry continued, "It's time to wind up the barbecue but there will be a proper CMNF barbecue next summer so you ladies don't have to worry about what to wear and I hope that some of our wonderful girls will put on some displays like young Esther just has. On behalf of everyone here I'd like to officially thank Dylan and his amazing new bride Esther."
There was a round of applause and I stood there feeling a little embarrassed before all the girls, including me, started looking for our clothes. Then it was a polite thank you and good-byes to Henry and Julia who looked a little embarrassed.
Some people had phoned for a taxi or Uber and were hanging around at the front of the house, others, like Tom and Lucy, and Dylan and me, were walking to the nearest Underground station.
Once on the street Dylan asked me if I was okay.
"I'm worn out but very happy, I owe you big time for today Dylan, did you have any of that planned?"
"Nope, it was all spontaneous."
"Well I hope that your brain keeps thinking as quick as it did today."
"How does your butt feel?"
"On fire and sore."
"I'll rub some ice on it when we get home."
"Thanks."
"So Esther," Tom said, "did you really enjoy being spanked, or was it just that you wanted everyone to see your pussy?"
"Both Tom."
"You're even more of an exhibitionist than Lucy is."
"Not complaining are you Tom?" I asked.
"Hell no."
"It looks like you've got yourself quite a party piece Esther." Dylan said.
"What's a party piece?" I asked.
"Something that someone does at most parties that they go to and sometimes at any public event." Dylan answered.
"You aren't seriously saying that you are going to strip me naked and spank me at every party that we go to Dylan?"
"No, not at all Esther, sometimes I'll get other men to do it for me, you'll enjoy that more than if it's me spanking you won't you? And sometimes I'm sure that you'll just strip off without any prompting and ask men to spank you."
"Oh my gawd, you are serious? I could never do that on my own."
"Are you sure Esther?" Lucy asked.
"The question is Esther, you certainly enjoyed getting naked and getting spanked this afternoon, and don't try to tell me that you didn't, your dripping pussy and that orgasm told everyone that you did enjoy it, so do you want it to happen again?"
"No I don't, well maybe, okay I enjoyed it, especially as you sort of forced me to do it, but I'm sure that there will be times that I really don't want to be spanked."
"Okay, I can understand that, how about we have a safe word or phrase that you can say that will stop things dead in their tracks."
"That sounds good, a safety net."
"Exactly, how about if you say 'I'll tell my mother,' I will doing anything to you and change the subject straight away."
"Ha, you know how to pick them Dylan Hargreaves, I never want to hear my mother's name again so yes. I guess that that would be a good choice."
"But you only say it if you REALLY mean it, none of these half-hearted objections that you don't really mean."
"So if I say 'no', you will ignore me and keep stripping or spanking me?"
"Yes, and we'll extend that to finger fucking and any other sexual activity, and yes, the word 'no' can be just for the benefit of the people watching you and you will need to say 'I'll tell my mother' for me to stop"
"Okay Dylan, did I ever tell you that I love you?"
By then we'd reached the Underground station and as we went down the escalator I turned and looked up to Lucy to ask if she was going to the yoga on Thursday, and I got an eyeful of her pussy. I knew that her dress was longer than mine and as I was asking her I realised just how good a view short skirts gave when the wearer is on an escalator. That thought made my pussy tingle and decided that I definitely would take Dylan up on his offer of taking me on the Underground at rush hour.
The train wasn't very full and there was seats for all of us but I didn't sit down, I stood next to Dylan and he put an arm round my leg that was nearest to him. He slid his hand up to my bare pussy and toyed with my clit as we all recalled events that had taken place that afternoon.
Lucy saw what Dylan was doing but she did nothing other than give me a knowing smile.
Tom and Lucy got off the train first and then I asked Dylan if he thought that he'd get a bigger bonus because of my spanking.
"I doubt it, but we'll never know if my bonus is bigger than what the other guys get because we never talk about remunerations. For all I know this girls flashing Henry to increase the chances of their man getting a big bonus might just be a ploy put out by him to con all the guys into getting their girls to flash him."
"The sneaky .......... "
"Yes he is, but you can't deny that you enjoyed yourself can you?"
"No, it was amazing, I can't wait for next year."
Whilst Dylan was talking I was looking around and I saw a middle-aged man looking at me and I wondered if he could see what Dylan was doing to me. I'd spread my feet a bit to give Dylan better access and I guessed that my dress was only just covering my pussy, but maybe it had gone a bit higher and the man could see my bare pubis and slit.
Dylan didn't make me cum before we had to get off the train, but he sure did leave me wanting him to fuck me and it didn't help that the middle-aged man got off the train at the same station as us and he followed us up the escalator. Dylan had seen the man and he went up the escalator in front of me.
Back at home Dylan stood me in the shower and sprayed cold water on my butt. Then he dried me and then rubbed some moisturiser cream on it. I was laid on my stomach on the bed and as Dylan was rubbing the cream on I slowly spread my legs and I ended up with moisturiser cream all over, and inside my pussy. Dylan finger fucked me to another glorious orgasm before I went to sleep.
For the first time since near the start of our honeymoon, Dylan's cock wasn't inside me when I went to sleep.
*****
Day 10 - Tuesday
It wasn't until the Tuesday morning that I again woke up to the feeling of Dylan's cock sliding in and out of my pussy. The alarm had gone off early because I wanted to go on the Underground with Dylan. I'd set the alarm for 30 minutes earlier than normal to give us time for a proper fuck and shower which we combined into one.
I wore a denim skirt that the back only just covers my butt, and the front is a little shorter, just coming down to the top of my slit. I also wore a heavier top, but still one that affords a good view down the front from above, and a pair of 4 inch heels. I wanted to be a bit taller so that a tall guy could easily reach my butt.
It wasn't a nice day, cooler and wetter than of late and we left home with one arm linked with Dylan's and him holding an umbrella.
When I'd gone to school on the Underground I was going in the direction of outer London so the trains weren't anywhere near as crowded as the ones going to central London, which is where Dylan works.
My fun started on the station platform where the crowd and the jostling actually surprised me. When the train arrived and everyone tried to get on at once I wondered if we'd actually get on, but somehow everyone did. Dylan and I ending up standing at the end of the carriage. Dylan was beside me, but as we had pre-arranged, we didn't communicate.
I couldn't get to anywhere where I could hang on to something but the density of the people meant that it was highly unlikely that I would end up on the floor.
It was the same for the people around me, we were just a mass of standing bodies pressing against each other.
As the train swayed from side to side so did the mass of people who only got the chance to shuffle their feet a centimetre at a time. Somehow, that didn't quite apply to hands and I soon felt a hand on my hip, partially on my skirt and partially on my bare skin and I gasped a little at the contact.
It was on the other side to Dylan so I guessed that it wasn't his hand.
From the other side of the carriage I heard a woman say,
"Get your hand off me you pervert."
But no one said anything or did anything.
Within seconds the hand slowly started moving down and to my butt and squeezed it. After a few seconds of no reaction from me, the hand slid further down passed the hem of my skirt then back up under my skirt where it squeezed me again.
By then my arousal level was rising, my nipples and clit were tingling and my pussy was wet, which helped the hand for it's next move that was to slide between my legs along my slit,
The train stopped at a station but no one at my end of the carriage moved, I guessed that they were all going to central London.
As the train started to move again, so did the hand. It slid back and forwards, catching my clit each time it moved forwards.
I think that I must have moaned a little because the man in front of me turned his head and looked at me, then he looked down and I knew that he could see down my top and most of my little tits.
The fingers between my legs were still moving back and forwards and I knew that if it went on for much longer I'd cum on that train.
Unfortunately, the train started slowing and seconds later it stopped at another station. I felt a tap on my shoulder and turned my head to see Dylan looking at me and nodding to tell me that it was time to get off the train.
"Damn." I thought, "just when I was getting close."
Half the occupants of the train got off at that stop and headed for the escalators up. Dylan managed to get a hold of one of my hands and we ended up going up the escalator with me on a step above him.
A hand appeared between my legs again and flicked my clit a couple of times. This time I knew that it could only be Dylan.
At ground level we walked out onto the street and Dylan led me in the direction of his office block.
"Does that happen every day?" I asked Dylan.
"No, but I usually get into a position where I can watch the girls and I can tell from their expressions if someone is groping them. I take it that you got groped Esther?"
"I did, but I didn't cum, close but not over the edge."
"Shame, put the Lush in this afternoon and I'll see if I can do something about that."
We got to Dylan's office block, kissed and I turned to go somewhere where I could get a cup of coffee and decide what I was going to do that day.
I found a coffee shop, got one and sat outside. It had stopped raining but was still cool and cloudy.
"Ah, back to typical British weather." I thought.
I'd sat and not crossed my legs, showing a lot of thigh skin, and probably lower stomach and pussy skin, but I wasn't expecting anyone to notice and most Londoners go around with blinkers on. I also wasn't expecting many tourists to be around that early and I was surprised by a young Japanese couple who stopped in front of me. They were talking to each other in Japanese but they were also looking at me.
"Go on, have a good look." I said to myself as I opened my knees a bit.
After more Japanese talk the finally moved on leaving me to wonder if I was going to head back home or do some window shopping. Since I'd got married I'd discovered that I could look at nice clothes and that there was a good chance that I could get them, whereas before being married I'd given up on looking because I knew that there was no chance of my mother ever buying any of the nice clothes that I saw in shop windows.
I'm not sure how I got there, but I found myself outside the Young Ladies Fashion Emporium looking at some of the amazing clothes on the mannequins in the window. One of the mannequins looked a bit different to the others, more life-like, and it was wearing, well next to nothing, just a pair of fabric-less knickers. I realised that the mannequin had a slit and a clit that were uncovered.
Then the mannequin's leg moved a little and I stepped back in almost shock.
"What the!?" I said to myself and decided to go into the shop to find out what was going on.
Bethany greeted me with a hug and I could feel her hard nipples pressing against my little tits. She was wearing a totally see-through dress, with nothing under it, that I was sure that I'd seen hanging on a rack the last time that I was there.
"Well Esther, you've come here on just the right day." Bethany said, "I've got a photographer cum cameraman here to take some photos of some new lines that I'm selling. The the model also wants to be videoed masturbating so that the video can be posted on my other website. How do you fancy joining Emma and doing a double shoot?"
"Hmm, that should cheer me up a little. You said something about another girl called Emma, hasn't she arrived yet?" I replied as I looked around the shop and the parts of the back of the shop that I could see. The only other person that I could see was a young man in the back doing something with some lights.
"EMMA," Bethany loudly said, "come and meet the other girl in the shoot."
I was a bit puzzled then very surprised as the nearly naked mannequin from the window came to life and came over to Bethany and I.
"Esther, Emma; Emma, Esther. We now have a double shoot."
Emma and I both said hello then Bethany took us to the back of the shop where she introduced me to Tim, the photographer cum video cameraman. I noted that Tim looked me up and down before Bethany said,
"Down boy, Esther is married."
"Well girls," Tim said, "now that there's 2 of you each of you can put on each item and then we can see what suits each of you to get the best photos for the website."
Emma and I went to the table with the clothes on and we each chose an outfit. Emma's choice was a dress that was ultra short and very low-cut. Mine was a skirt and top, both see-through. I watched as Tim talked Emma through various poses, including some with her legs spread wide. I could see all of her bald pussy so I guessed that Tim's camera could as well.
"Okay, thanks Emma, Esther, you're on." Tim said without even turning to look at me.
When Tim looked up at me he said,
"Hmm, I guess that that top does go with that skirt, okay lets start."
Tim talked me through a few poses then said,
"Good Esther, take the top off please."
Although I was expecting to have my tits and pussy exposed I wasn't expecting to have to be topless for the photos and I wondered if the photos of me topless would end up on Bethany's website.
"Nice breasts Esther, can you tweak your nipples please?"
I did and Tim started taking photographs. When he was done he said,
"That was good Esther, now can you put the top back on and take the skirt off please?"
"Maybe I'm going to be on Bethany's website bottomless as well?" I thought as I did as instructed.
Again Tim talked me through different poses, and like Emma, some were with my legs spread quite wide.
By the time Tim had finished with me Emma was in another outfit and waiting.
On it went for the next hour or so until both Emma and I had modelled all the outfits. I was the last and when Tim told me that he had finished I took the last dress off leaving me as naked as Emma still was. Bethany appeared with 4 takeaway coffees and the 2 fully naked girls, one barely dressed and probably not legally dressed girl, and one fully clothed man sat around drinking coffee and talking.
When the paper coffee cups were empty Tim said,
"Okay Emma, give me a couple of minutes to setup the video cameras then I'll be ready for you. Esther, have you decided if you want to make a similar video, looking like you do I'm sure that you'll make quite a bit of money from it being on Bethany's porn website."
"I don't know," I replied, "I've never made a porn video before."
"Neither had I until I met Bethany," Emma said. "You're obviously comfortable being naked with Tim here, just pretend that the cameraman is actually your husband, that you're putting on a show for him. You have made yourself cum for him haven't you?"
"Well yes, of course I have but."
"Good, then look at the camera and imagine that it's your husband holding it. Tell you what, watch me then make a decision."
"That's not much of a background for a porn movie." I said, "the ones that I've seen are usually on a bed or a sofa."
"First time I take it Esther?" Tim asked.
"Yes."
"On my computer I can extract everything that isn't green and superimpose it on any image that I want so I can put you on a tropical beach or a bed or a park, whatever goes with the position that your body is in."
"Clever stuff Tim, did you learn that at university?"
"How to do it, yes."
By then Tim was ready with his camera and Bethany had put a green pillow and blanket on the floor. Emma lay down on the blanket and had told Tim that she was ready.
I'd never really watched a girl bringing herself off before, only guys doing it for the girl so it seemed a bit strange watching Emma but that feeling didn't last for long as Emma started exploring her pussy and nipples just like I used to do before I got married, although whenever I did it it was under my bedding and with my nightie stuffed in my mouth. If my mother ever heard or caught me I'd be grounded for months and have to say hundreds of Hail Marys.
Emma wasn't doing anything that I don't do to myself to start off with but as she got more aroused she started finger fucking herself with her right hand whilst the fingers of her left hand furiously rubbed her clit.
When I say finger fucked herself I mean 'fingers' fucking herself because she went from 1 finger to 2, then 3, and finally 4 fingers. I don't think that Dylan has ever had 4 fingers inside me. What's more Emma was quite vocal with moans, whimpers, grunts and gasps. I was impressed by the effort that Emma was putting into the task.
When Emma finally reached her peak I looked over to the main shop area to see if there was anyone there, and if there was, what were they thinking about all the sounds of pleasure. I didn't see anyone in the main shop area.
"Wow Emma, that was the best that I've ever seen, the real McCoy I assume?" Tim asked when Emma looked like she was returning to normal.
"You know that I never fake it Tim." Emma replied.
"Yes, that's one of the things that I like about you and Bethany." Tim replied.
"I must get around to looking at both of Bethany's websites." I thought as I nervously decided that I was going put on a show.
"So Esther," Bethany asked, "do you want to have some fun and earn some money?"
"Hmm, I'm not sure, I've never really performed for anyone before?"
"Hey, you were telling me earlier that you got spanked the other day by your husband's boss and work colleagues, that's not much different." Bethany said.
"You think so? Okay, I'll give it a go."
"Just relax Esther, close your eyes and imagine that it's your boyfriend's fingers on you." Emma said.
Tim went back to his camera then told me to get on the green stuff and to start whenever I wanted. I did, I got myself comfortable, closed my eyes and started to remember the last time that Dylan had had his fingers inside me.
I smiled as images of Dylan fucking me with his fingers came into my head and I realised that my left hand had moved to my right tit and my right hand was slowly rubbing my clit, my legs having spread wide without me even realising it.
It didn't take long for me to forget what was around me and to concentrate on my clit and hole and I jilled myself to an orgasm but it wasn't a really satisfying one. When I was able, I said,
"I don't think that I was very good at that Bethany."
"You made yourself cum didn't you Esther?" Tim asked.
"Yeah, I didn't fake it but I just didn't feel that it was my best one."
"Esther, would you like Tim to finger fuck you," Bethany said, "he's really good at it."
"Yeah, you've had lots of practise at it haven't you Tim?" Emma added.
I was silent for a few seconds as I thought about what Dylan would say, would he be okay with a stranger finger fucking me and it being videoed? It wasn't like it was proper fucking. I decided that Dylan would probably be okay with it if he could see it. Live wasn't an option so I asked Tim if he could give me a copy of the video on a memory stick.
"Sure, no problem, and I can give you to a copy of everything that I've recorded today if that's okay with Bethany."
"Of course it is." Bethany replied.
Everything agreed, I got back down and spread my legs as Tim started his camera recording again then came and knelt next to me.
Tim's left hand went to my right tit and his right hand went to my pussy and as both his hands touch me at the same time I gasped at the contact.
"Nice." Tim said as his fingers got to work on me.
"Oh my gawd, I thought that Dylan was good with his fingers but Tim was magic. I quickly started whimpering, gasping and goodness knows what else. It wasn't so much as what he was doing to my clit, it was what his fingers were doing inside me. He quickly found my G-spot, which Dylan is also good at finding, and started driving me crazy. I think that he was only fucking me with his middle 2 fingers because I could feel something rubbing the lower part of my butt, in time with his fingers going in and out of me. He was also pressing down just above my pubic bone with his thumb.
Somehow, I realised that my butt was up, off the floor as his fingers, and hand, were fucking me so hard and fast that I was going deleterious. If someone had asked me something I wouldn't have even heard them, never mind be capable of answering them. My body had gone into some sort of automatic, sex driven, semi conscious trance. My brain could think of nothing other than what was happening to my pussy and the effect that it was having on me, which was one looooong orgasm that was so intense that if I'd been able to think about I would have thought that I'd died and gone to heaven.
I have no ideas what noises I was making.
On and on it went, it seemed like hours before Tim finally slowed down and my butt dropped to the floor.
I slowly started to return to normal but I kept having little after-shock orgasms and short fits of giggling. I just couldn't think straight.
Eventually I managed to say something,
"What the fuck did you just do to me Tim?"
"I told you that he was good." Bethany said.
"Yeah, I can attest to that as well." Emma added.
Tim was just smiling as he went to his camera and stopped it recording.
"Don't rush to get up Esther," Bethany said, which was a good job because I had another little aftershock orgasm.
"Oh my gawd, that was beyond awesome. I said after a minute or so.
I started to get up and Bethany put out her arm to help me.
"How often do you want me to come and do some modelling for you Bethany?" I asked, "and will Tim be the photographer?"
"I've got your number Esther, I'll phone you when I need you."
"Do you rent Tim out Bethany? I've got a friend who would love to go through what I just have."
"Is she half as good looking as you Esther?" Bethany asked.
"She is, but her tits are bigger than mine."
"How big?"
"'A' or 'B' maybe."
"Good, I don't really cater for women with huge tits. If this friend is anything like you Esther, bring her in and I'll see what I can arrange."
"Thanks."
Emma and I put our clothes on then Emma left saying something about having to get back to work. Bethany and I talked for a while until Tim came from the back with his cameras and laptop. Before he left he gave me a memory stick. I couldn't wait to view the videos with Dylan next to me.
Bethany and I chatted a bit more until a customer arrived then I left and headed for home. I was still feeling quite horny so I sat very lazily on the train which appeared to please the young man sat opposite me. I didn't think about where I sat, just went to the seats along the sides of the carriage like I always do.
At home I really wanted to watch the videos but somehow I managed to wait until Dylan got home.
As soon as he came through the door I jumped up on him and said,
"Dylan, I've got some videos to show you of what I've been doing today. I really do hope that you won't be mad with me when you see them."
"Can it wait until we've eaten, I'm starving."
I reluctantly agreed but when we did watch them Dylan had a really hard cock and he stopped the video of Tim fingering me and got me to ride him reverse cowboy as we watched the rest of it.
"Is that that Bethany's girl's shop, and who was the guy?"
"Yes, apparently Tim is a friend of Bethany who photographs all the products that Bethany gets a model to wear for one of her websites. The finger fucking videos are for her other website. Are you mad at me for making those videos Dylan?"
"Hell no, you can make as many of those as you want. Do you know the web address of that Bethany's websites?"
"I've got them somewhere, I'll go and get them."
"Not right now, you're not going anywhere for quite some time."
Dylan still managed to be hard when we went to bed and I went to sleep with him still inside me.
*****
Day 11 - Wednesday
The alarm went off early again and we had a good fuck. As we were doing that Dylan asked me if he'd like him to finger me like Tim had.
"Hell yes, can we practise every day until you can make me go crazy like Tim did?"
"Try and stop me, but let's start tonight because I have to get to work."
Just as Dylan was leaving to go to work I said,
"Can you remember to drive me crazy with my Lush today please?"
"Sugar, I was quite busy yesterday afternoon and I forgot, sorry."
"I forgive you stud. Go or you'll be late."
Dylan did remember, the Lush coming on whilst I was doing some washing. The rest of the day wasn't very exciting, until Dylan got home and we'd eaten.
"Right then Esther, get a towel and put it in the bed, I'm going to have a go at driving you mental like that Tim bloke did. Don't expect me to be as good as him because I'm sure that he's had lots of practise."
"I'm sure that you will be amazing lover."
Dylan was good and I reached that state of absolutely no control over myself quite soon, and I did have a couple of after-shock mini orgasms after Dylan had stopped. Part of the problem was that Dylan was being kind and gentle with me, and kissing me a lot, whereas Tim was almost a stranger and he certainly wasn't gentle as his fingers rammed into me over and over.
I explained this to Dylan and his reply was,
"So you want me to get lots of unknown men and tell them to finger fuck you very roughly?"
"Well no, yes, oh I don't know, maybe we should settle all the arguments that we may sometime have by you doing that to me, You can get rid of all your frustration and annoyance by finger fucking me as hard as it takes for you to get over whatever we were arguing about."
"I'll remember that Esther, and if it's you that is all mad I'll push you onto the bed and finger fuck you as hard as I can until you forgive me and just want me to fuck you properly."
"I like that idea but we're never going to argue are we?"
"I'm sure that we will sometime Esther."
We had another wonderful love-making session before we went to sleep.
*****
Day 12 Thursday
Naked yoga day and I'd been looking forward to it all day. I wore my Lush as I did things around the house and Dylan did remember to switch it on for a good hour or so. By the time he had switched it off I wondered what I would be like if he forgot to switch it off and it kept driving me crazy until he got home. Then I shot down that idea when I remembered that I could just pull it out.
Dylan and I met Lucy and Tom near the sports hall then Lucy and I went in. I was a bit (a lot actually) surprised when a young man came in and apologised because his girlfriend, Amber, wasn't well and that he, James, would be running the class. I was expecting some of the girls to say that they weren't staying but everyone stayed. But I was disappointed that James didn't strip naked like all us girls, he kept some shorts and a T-shirt on.
The other thing was that James spent a lot more time going round the class to give them advise on how to improve their positions. This meant that he was very close to naked females, in very revealing poses, quite a lot of the time. My pussy was a lot wetter throughout the lesson than it had been the previous week.
At the end of the lesson James came over to me and told me that I needed to start paying for the lessons. It was before Lucy or I had started to get dressed so James was talking to the naked me and the naked Lucy was by my side.
James went through the costs and payment options whilst Lucy and I just stood there. There was no way that I wasn't going to stop going so I decided to pay with the credit card that Dylan had given me. I bent over with my back to James to go into my bag and rummaged through it, taking my time looking for it. When I handed it to James he had to feed it through his handheld machine and that was playing-up. It took James 4 attempts before the payment finally went through.
After James left us I said to Lucy,
"You could have got dressed you know."
"So could you whilst you were waiting for the payment to go through. I guess that we are both exhibitionists." Lucy replied.
"Talking of which, when are we going to that clothes shop, I know that you want to show off that cute body of yours Lucy, and I want you to meet the owner because you might be able to get into porno movies.
"What!?"
"Oh it's just soft porn. I'm guessing that Dylan has told Tom about the guy with the magic fingers?"
"He did, and obviously, Tom told me. I'd like to meet that Tim guy."
"He doesn't work at the shop, just comes in to take photographs and make videos as and when needed."
"But you do get naked in the main part of the shop with other customers around?" Lucy asked
"Yes, there are no changing rooms."
"Is it open on Sundays?" Lucy asked.
"I believe so."
"So what are you doing this Sunday? Are you and Dylan staying over after the party?"
"I don't know, Dylan hasn't said anything but I guess that it makes sense, if there's somewhere for us to sleep."
"I'm sure that we can sort something out. Then on Sunday can we go to that dress shop?"
"Sure, why not."
By that time we'd put some clothes on, gone to the ladies changing room and were in the shower. Forty-five minutes later we were walking into the pub looking for Dylan and Tom.
When we told them about James Tom said,
"Lucky bastard, maybe I should get a job as a yoga teacher."
"Is my body not good enough for you Tom?" Lucy asked.
"That's not what I meant, of course your body is good enough for me Lucy, it's truly amazing and I love every square centimetre of it, it just that we men like looking at naked women, it's part of our DNA. Anyway, you can't tell me that you girls wouldn't perv on naked men if you had the chance."
"Okay, you got me there Tom."
I giggled a little.
"Talking of girls perving on men Dylan," Tom said, "Rugby training starts next week, are you wanting to be in the team this coming season Dylan?"
"That depends on my better half?" Dylan replied looking at me.
"Me!? You don't need to ask me Dylan. You seemed to enjoy it last season so why would I object? Anyway, I may be able to sneak into the men's changing room and perv on the whole team as they shower."
"You'll need to be careful if you're planning on doing that Esther." Tom said, "If you get caught you'll have the whole team wanting to fuck you before they let you out."
"Hmm," Lucy replied, "that sounds like fun."
Then we talked about the party. Tom and Lucy said that we could sleep there after the party and told us that they could provide blankets and pillows.
"Good," Lucy said, "Esther and I are going clothes shopping on Sunday. You guys can tag along if you want, we're going to that dress shop that doesn't have any changing rooms so if you come you may be able to perv on other naked girls."
I saw both Dylan and Tom smiling before Dylan said,
"What's wrong with that? We all know that girls like being naked in front of guys, it's perfectly natural, part of your DNA."
I was about to say something but I realised that Dylan was right, I do like being naked in front of men.
Then we talked about the party that Dylan and I were planning on having the following Saturday. Dylan suggested that it be a fancy dress party and all of us came up with suggestion of what we could dress up as. Just as I started to make some suggestion Dylan told me not to worry about what I was going to wear, that he'd got my outfit sorted already.
"What is it?" I asked.
"Not telling you until 2 hours before the party starts.
"You're not going to get me a sexy schoolgirl or nurse outfit are you Dylan?"
"Maybe."
"I'll try and extract that information from you when we get home."
"The only thing that you'll extract from me will be white and creamy Esther."
"And no doubt you will give me lots of that and I'll want to swallow it Dylan."
"That depends upon how you go about extracting it from me Esther."
"I think that it's time that we headed for home before these 2 start something here in the pub." Tom said.
I giggled a bit and we all go up to go home.
I tried again to find out what outfit Dylan was going to get me to wear for our fancy dress party when I was riding him in bed, and I tried again when I was using my mouth to bring him back to life ready for us to go to sleep with him inside me, but he wouldn't tell me.
*****