Erik and Kat have been gym partners for months, and lovers longer than that. In the gym, they kept it very low key, some wouldn't even know they were together other than the few times Erik spotted her on lifts. They would each get turned on watching each other from a far. And Kat's pussy would soak her thong instantly when he 'spotted' her. Most of the time, Erik's positioning as he spotted her was was accidental, most of the time. Kat wasn't a total angel either, she would wear his favorite TikTok leggings or booty shaping short, send teasing text about going commando, or sticking her round ass more as she did mountain climbers. Regardless each session ended with each slowly making their way to a back stairwell one by one, not to draw attention. This was the one spot that wasn't covered by CCTV cameras. Each time was meet with a passionate kiss, embrace, tease over the clothes. And each time it took self control to stop. Once in a great while, another gym member would come by on the stairs, but you could hear them before they could see you. But that just added to the excitement.
Everything was fun and teasing until Dec 27. The town got hit hard with a snowstorm. Most businesses didn't open, travel wasn't advised. But their gym opened. And Erik and Kat had good 4 wheel drive vehicles. Little did each know that each woke up intensely horny, and it's been over a week without any physical contact. So not going to the gym wasn't an option.
Kat was already on the treadmill when he arrived. She chose the red leggings that she knew that Erik loved. There was no commando for her today, she woke up wet and she knew by end of her work out she would soaked and dripping.
Little did Kat know as she saw her Daddy enter the gym, that Erik did go commando, and it took great willpower to reduce his morning wood to a controllable semi hard on. Erik always wore overly big baggy clothes, sweatpants and a 5xl hoodie to hide his giant lumberjack build. All dressed in black, headphones, Erik cared less about his 'creeper' look, he was there to build muscle and not show off. Seeing Kat on the treadmill in her leggings, Erik let out a primal growl that has developed since being with Kat. Erik's cock throbbed and strained against his gym shorts he had under his sweatpants seeing Kat.
Both started their workouts, and both kept their eyes on each other. Erik's phone buzzed with a text from Kat, which wasn't unusual, 'FYI I have my butt plug in daddy'. Erik stood from his machine to get a better look at Kat. And she gave a teasing smile as she bent and moved highlighting her ass. Growwll. Returning to his workout, Erik got one more set done before his phone buzzed again. 'Spot me?' Walking across the gym, Kat was tightening her weight lifting belt at the squat rack. Not saying a word, each assumed the position. Bar across Kat shoulders, Erik stood close behind her, closer than normal. Downward squat, Kat thrusted her hips and ass back meeting Erik waist as he made squat motion to support her. Kats ass rubbed against something hard that she recognized, and let out a muffled moan.
Erik thrusted on the upper motion. Typically Kat would rerack, but with 'hard motivation' behind her she did 5 more reps. Reracking Kat turned go thank daddy, to only add 10 more pounds each. Again Erik commanded. Kat repeated the rep gritting her teeth and moaning on each pelvic thrust. Each rep harding Erik's cock, and building eachs lust lust and passion. Luckily the snowstorm only had brought out a few gym goers and they were focused on their routine then what others were doing. Finishing the heavier weight, Kat racked, Erik double smacked her ass, "Good girl", before adjusting his oversized hoodie and returning to his workout. Twenty minutes goes by of uninterrupted workout. But both Erik and Kat keeping and eye on each other.
Kat text Erik, "heading up". Which is the cue that she's heading to back stairwell first, not to draw suspicion by both heading up at the same time. The gym attendant seems more interested in the weather channel than Kat walking by. 5 minutes goes Erik begins his way to the stairwell for after workout kiss and tease. Arriving to the secluded stairwell, Kat is on her usual 2-3 steps higher to adjust for almost 2 ft height difference. She's purposely bent over teasing showing off that ass that daddy loves. Erik growls with primal hunger especially seeing that her leggings seem darker between her legs from her juices running down from her pussy. Kat turns turns and smiles innocently as Erik kisses her hard and deep.
Their tongues dance as he moves in cupping her ass. Kat moans in his mouth and nimbles on his lip. Erik breaks free kissing her neck and licking her sweat. He nimbles on her ear and growls in her ear,"I want you so bad". Kat reach's down feels his rock hard cock thru his sweatpants. Soon her hand is inside his pants stroking him. He sees the hungry lust in her eyes. Without a word Erik pushes his pants down and his hard cock springs out at full attention. Kat is shocked at first, daddy never taken this far before. But her hunger for his perfect guides to her knees as she tries to all of his massive cock into her mouth. Savagely her head bobs up and down his cock. Erik's hand run thru her hair as his hips thrust in rythmn of her mouth. The primal lust has taken over. Erik reaches down grabbing her pulling her reluctantly off his cock. Picks her up and spins her around with her leggings covered ass pointed up at him.
At this point Kat has become a personal sex toy for him to use and abuse, and she was ok with it. Erik grips her leggings at the waist pulling them revealing a thong trying to hide baby girl's plug in her ass. With one hard pull Erik rips the thong off her and steps forward with in hand. Kat braces herself on the stairs, wide eye by the lack of care of getting caught, but even to turned to care either. Gripping Kat's round ass and hips he guides his dick to her hot dripping pussy. And in one motion he thrust in and pulling her back on his cock. They both let out a moan. Kat's pussy grips him tight as he begins to slowly thrust trying to work every inch into her. Each thrust drives her into the stairs, and Kat battles to not scream in total ecstasy. Soon Erik feels her pussy accepting every inch and begins thrust harder and faster. His fingers digging into her white ass as pulls her back harder deeper. Erik's thumb presses Kat's butt plug deeper into her ass.
She lets out a muffled cry. Erik's big full balls slapping against her pussy and hard clit. Reaching up grabs her long hair ponytail and snaps her head back. Leaning over he kisses her deeply. Feeling his cock grow and his week's worth of cum building, Erik unleashes his primal lust growling he pounds his sex toy into the stairs. In all her months with daddy she has never seen this full animal lust in daddy. She had already came several times. She was sure what would give out first of daddy's pussy assault, would be her well beaten pussy or her arms and legs bracing for the assault. Erik growled "going to cummm". Both Kat and he could feel his cock widen and grow as he neared the explosion point. And in a howl,"Cummmmmminngg". Kat felt his cock go off like a exploding fire hose. So much cum, she could almost taste it. It. Poured out of her mixed with her juices. All the passions and life force drained Erik collapse on top of Kat breathing hard.
I end it here if you like it and want more I may continue. Maybe someone(s) were watching? Continued fucking on the stairs? Continue into the locker room? Hot tub? Steam room? Back to the gym in front of everyone?