Time moves on Today was a positive one. I had back from the Solicitor's my divorce papers. At least that was moving forward and thankfully agreed in an amicable way. I guess my life will soon be back on track. I then thought about Tracey next door and her control arrangement, more importantly Margret and the effect it might be having on her. She had just opened her shop but I had not been able to ask how things were going. We both saw each other and really wanted to talk about life in general but new the potential if found out by Tracey.
Arriving home from work was strange the clocks having moved meant it was dark on my arrival home. I was surprised to see Tracey standing by my door she smiled as if butter would not melt in her mouth. How are you she asked? Have you been to Margret's new cake shop yet? The reply was I am fine and no. She was obviously happy to hear the reply but I guess already new it before the question was asked. I have the cakes taste really good they tasted even better when we ate them out of each other's pussies. She was relishing reporting this fact. I bet you wished you had been there. I shrugged my shoulders of course I would.
She was loving the fact she was demonstrating power and more importantly the fact she had sexual control over us. With this she asked in a way she already knew my reply. I bet you are horny dreaming of being with Margret, I bet it is driving you wild not being able to be with her. You would love to have sex right now if you could. Yes of course to all three I replied, wondering her game. She rang Margret and told her to go into her bedroom and look out of the window. We waited two minutes and she was there in the window. Tracey waved at her grabbing my hand and leading me into my home. I looked back at Margret even from this distance I could see she was unhappy and wanted to be with us. Out of the side of my eye I also caught Trevor watching us enter the house, great I thought what is he going to say now?
We went inside and upstairs opening the curtains and turning the light on. We could see Margret across the road looking at us. Tracey picked up her phone and called her. She ordered her to put her phone on loud speaker and she did the same. Tracey ordered Margret to strip naked, you could see from the distance across the Close she was shocked and worried. Though knew she had to comply, even though her Brother and Sister in law might see what she was doing.
She slowly undressed even from across the road she looked amazing standing naked in her window. Tracey was watching knowing I was aroused by the sight and started to unbutton my trousers, she spoke into her phone asking Margret do you wish you were here. Do you want to suck your man's cock? Is it turning you on being naked in your window? She replied Yes Yes Yes and then spat out can I play with myself. Tracey smiled at me before she shouted at her phone, yes show the world what a naughty slut you are.
We looked across and could tell she was already rubbing her clit in the window horny not caring who saw or what they thought. This was an obvious controlling turn on for Tracey who was much more sexual today. Her balance between control and lust a lot less, the other week had awoke the sexual tension inside her. She was revelling in her power and sexuality. Her aim was to have as much fun as possible to satisfy her needs. Everyone knew it. My eye was taken to the figures, figures? in the dark. I knew Trevor would be watching he watched everything going on in the Close, but in the living room I could see his wife Vanessa also peering out, probably wondering what was causing her husband so much grief.
Tracey spoke into her phone, do you want me to suck your man's cock she hissed, The reply was Yes through a soft moan, Tracey soon had unzipped my trousers pulled both them and my briefs down, licking my shaft teasing it in the window, spitting on it her eyes glazed in lust, before saying loudly I am going to show you how to suck a cock. Her voice powerful, full of lust, control and demeaning Margret who could only watch on from over the road in her window teasing her pussy. Hearing her moans was a turn on.
was now slicking the head of my throbbing cock, her saliva dribbling out of her mouth down my shaft, slowly she put her mouth around the head swirling her tongue around it her eyes looking up at me. She then released her lips and spoke towards her phone hearing Margret's moans do you want him to make me take all his cock in my mouth, force me to take it deep treat me like his slut. The words shocked me but made my cock jump with excitement. Margret gasped on the other end of the phone, Yes do it to her dear make her dear, moaning out loud her fingers sliding inside herself, can you hear how wet I am, I wish I was there now. Tracey looked at me her eyes full of mad desire, her tongue licking her lips, use my mouth she ordered, I have been dreaming of sucking those 8 inches for days. My eyes looked over to see Margret playing and new I wanted to feel my cock deep in Tracey's throat, a side glance still showed the other houses occupants watching in the shadows.
Tracey looking up mouthed be rough I love it like that. Of course the silent words would not be heard on the phone her control still there. Margret would feel she is being given pay back but the truth is far from this. Her manipulation was very erotic and tantalising. I grabbed her by the back of the head and pushed it forward thrusting my hard cock forward, Tracey's mouth opened wide making sure I could push my cock deep inside as I pushed her head down. I hit the back of her throat and her lips closed around my cock. Thrusting pulling her hair forcing her head down she sucked holding her lips tightly shut my thrusting banging the back of her throat her mouth sucking hard. It felt good knowing how much she was enjoying wanting it. Over the phone Margret was moaning and shouted YES MAKE HER SUCK IT BABY and then she moaned out loud shouting LET ME COME OVER AND JOIN IN.
Tracey pulled her head back, looking up at me as she opened her mouth the saliva stayed on her lips leading to my cock stretching like bubble gum. She looked up at me, mouth open, then wording you have made me so wet. She then spoke at Margret over the phone, if you want to join in open your window and shout it out. Margret replied I can't my husband is home desperation in her voice. Well you are just going to have to watch then I have no intention of sharing your man's cock with anyone tonight. Margret moaned softly pleading with Tracey who just snapped no. With this she went to licking my cock running down and sucking my balls licking them all over, looking up at me and mouthing we are going to drive her insane with jealousy and desire.
Tracey slowly licked up my shaft an evil look in her eyes. I bit my lip and looked across the road. I could see Margret still naked still playing her moans still audible through the phone. I could see from the way she was looking over she was frustrated, jealous but horny. I wanted to go over hold her kiss her and have sex with her just to be with her, but was also high wanting to play Tracey's naughty games. I then asked what was it like when Tracey came around your shop? Margret moaned softly Baby I was wishing you were with us all the time you could feel the emotion in her voice was true...Tracey looked as she licked my cock happy my question had caused some distress.
She then spoke out loud tell him exactly what happened, she was enjoying this now her lips kissing my cock then as fondled my balls, she opened her mouth forcing herself down on my hard shaft before pulling off mouth wide open. She mouthed up at me when I stand pull of my skirt, make me face the window and start fingering me. I looked out of the window Margret was taking a deep breath looking at me wondering how I will react to what she has to say. My eyes looked at the other home. Trevor was shaking his head and raging like he wanted to run over the road and stop what was going on. A peak across to the living room was more interesting a small lamp was on and you could see Vanessa was staring at us but not in a way that was demonstrating any form of disgust like her husband.
Margret started to talk her breath short she timidly said she made me strip naked and then tied me to the bakery preparation table, leaving me exposed. She rubbed cream cakes over my body licking them of me biting my nipples it was so arousing, I kept my eyes closed dreaming it was you baby. Her lips letting out the words I am soaking wet right now. Tracey stood up and looked up at me and mouthed do it. As she had asked I pulled her skirt down to the floor and pushed her round to the window. Margret gasped down the phone in horror wondering what had got into me. Tracey let out a fake but what appeared shocked scream, he ripped off my skirt I am out of control what is he going to do to me. She could really make it sound like she was in distress, shocked, surprised and vulnerable yet it was all her game plan.
Margret was obviously very aroused and by her voice you could tell she was working her soaking wet pussy hard. She carried on with what had happened, whilst I was bound she smeared egg custard on my pussy putting it inside and then Tracey ate me out fingering me. She was very rough but it felt good, my eye's were closed I so wanted it to be you Baby. She fingered my ass and worked my pussy and clit hard she made me scream her name out loud before she would let me cum...Baby pay her back for me Margret begged down the phone. Tracey looked over her shoulder at me mouthing do what she said this is so hot her thinking you are controlling me when in fact it is all for my pleasure. I smacked Tracey's ass to which she gasped and spoke loudly so as Margret could hear, she has worn no knickers can you believe it, just tan pantyhose and they are soaking wet around her crotch.
Tracey shouted don't rip them they are Donna Karan. I put my thumbs together and dug in my nails to the tan hose quickly pulling them apart as I did the nylon split wide open. With this Tracey let out a loud scream no you bastard you are going to pay for this. On the other end of the phone you could hear Margret moaning as she played and then she was ready to tell me more of what happened. Tracey turned her head and mouthed kiss me, we kissed deeply as we pulled apart she mouthed this is so hot and sexy this is the dirtiest horniest I Have ever felt. My mind drifted as did my gaze to see Trevor and Vanessa watching from their home both watching in very different ways. I thought I wonder what Tracey would think if she knew they were watching us to.
She then put a cream cake insider her pussy Margret was breathing fast and sat on my face, I had to eat it and her pussy, I could barely breath and she bent over on top of me using one finger to tease my swollen clit whilst from her right hand twisting and turning two fingers in my pussy and ass. It was so intense Baby she was moaning hard now, though your cock feels so much better inside of me. She was at pains to tell me this all the time, I knew she had no option at the time but was glad she was telling me these things. It was also arousing to think of her being worked over by Tracey as well, yet I did not want to admit it out loud. I rubbed Tracey's soaking wet pussy as she looked over the road watching Margret who was standing with a leg on the window sill rubbing fingering her pussy not caring if anyone outside could see her self-pleasure. It was a hot view.
With this I thrust two fingers inside Tracey gasped, she breathed the words more I want more and I put the third finger inside of her. She placed her hands on the window looking across at Margret and started to ride my fingers as her paced increased she started her pretend hysterics again, your man has three fingers fucking my pussy I hope he does not try anymore her hips thrust increasing, he is making me feel like a dirty whore. Margret screamed out DO IT BABY!! I twisted my fingers around sliding a fourth inside twisting it around as Tracey rode them, leaning in I asked how does it feel. She mouthed to me I love it I want more, before teasing Margret with her screams of I feel so full.
Margret had forgot her story telling now, looking across told me why she was in her window playing with herself watching us excited loving the fact that in her mind I was paying back Tracey for her torment. Tracey was watching her hands on the window riding my fingers, her fake moans of I am so full obviously have a great effect on Margret. She let out a cry of I cannot take anymore. Without thinking or receive a command I pushed my thumb into her anus. The shock from Tracey was real for once. You bastard she screamed your thumb is in my ass. Twisting it I forced it deeper. Her hands pushed harder on the window as her hips worked back on my hand. She let out 4 fingers in my pussy a thumb in my ass, fuck I am a dirty slut loving this.
Tracey looked at me, her eyes mad with a mixture sexual frenzy and venom. Her words could easily be heard on the phone I cannot believe you did that, but it feels good. I want your cock inside of me. Margret was moaning out loud and started to shout I AM GOING TO CUM! We both looked over as her leg started to shake her fingers rubbing her clit and she exploded YES she screamed. Her juices hitting the window and her words came out as she climaxed fuck her baby! I want to watch you fuck her!
I pulled my hand out of Tracey's soaking pussy, my fingers covered in her juices. She was in a zone now and ordered me to let her taste them, her mouth opened and she gladly sucked her juices off my fingers. My cock was raging hard. She looked across and spoke loudly lick your juices off the window. Margret soon lent forward as commanded, watching her tongue on the window was very erotic. I positioned myself behind Tracey as she pushed back onto my cock as it slide inside her. My hands held her hips and started to pull her back onto my cock we were soon in rhythm as she pressed the glass, her wet pussy grasping my cock which was moving freely inside due to all her juices.
The rhythm was really good, we were both in motion her hips working my cock as it thrust deep inside her. She moaned out loud your big cock feels so good inside me slamming her hips onto it. Give it to me she shouted. I was able to release my hands from her hips her motion and mine being so in sync with each other. Her pussy felt so good and my cock was throbbing. Her hands braced on the window as she rode me, her words said to torment Margret as well as to express her excitement, Your man's cock feels so good inside my pussy, he is filling me up, watch us fuck from your window. We could see her watching her own body now recovered from her own self-induced climax.
My hands puled on Tracey's pantyhose at the top tearing some more fabric to near the elasticated waste. This just made her thrust back harder onto my cock. I let out a large mouthful of saliva that fell on her ass running into her crack and over her anus all the way down onto my thrusting hard on. All of a sudden her body started to shake and she let out a big scream, YES her body shaking as she came really hard. Her legs shaking her hands slowly moving down the window as her body climaxed. Her mouth back in control as she expressed her feelings that felt so good. She turned around now back in control.
Her eyes looking at me as she feel to her knees. I know you want to fuck my ass but I am not going to let you, her tongue licking my cock covered in her cum as she started to stroke it. I want to see you cum I want to see that hot cum spray out of your cock. She was back in the zone again. I looked across Margret was watching I could tell from her gaze she was longing to be in Tracey's place. My gaze moved and saw Trevor still watching from his home, a glance to the living room showed his wife Vanessa had moved away from the window but I could see her shadow further back still watching the show.
My cock was throbbing ready to explode. I could feel it I was ready to grab Tracey's head her stern look told me not too. Her mouth was not going to take my load. She then let out the words you had not better cum all over my new Ted Baker blouse, her hands rubbing my cock aiming it. I knew the cum was going all over the blouse. She moved her hands faster and all of a sudden the cum shot out like a bullet, several loads heavy and sticky all over the blouse. She smiled as it ran down slowly. Then licking sucking my cock as it still was twitching. Using her fingers to smear in the cum, she seemed happy. I have my trophy now she exclaimed. I am a dirty slut but do not forget she expressed loudly I control you too for my pleasure only. She shut off the phone.
She spoke to me as she was ready to leave. I have never had a cock in my ass before but it has to be on my terms. She smiled and looked getting horny again thinking of taking my anal cherry, she laughed well maybe if you are a good boy.