3rd Adventure: The Hotel
(This is the 3rd installment of the adventures of a budding exhibitionist, Erika and her best friend Jenny. Previously Erika had walked to and attended a house party at Jenny's completely naked. This adventure takes place a couple of weeks after the party)
*
Following Erika's public debut into exhibitionism at Jenny's house, Erika felt as if she was reborn. For the first time in her life she felt exceptionally and radically herself, unashamed. Moving from home played a major part in this, something about moving somewhere where nobody knows you can set the stage for reinvention.
Jenny's party helped Erika break through barriers and fears regarding her exhibitionism. Seeing how positively people reacted to her nudity only encouraged her. Jenny was no help either, she was constantly teasing Erika and betting her that she wouldn't get naked in certain situations. Jenny was turning out to be an exhibitionist's dream, constantly encouraging and pushing Erika's limits, as well as protecting Erika, making sure situations do not get out of control.
The two best friends were always brainstorming the next big challenge. A couple of weeks after the party at Jenny's, the chance arrived. Erika and Jenny were back in their hometown, visiting their parents for the last week of summer before school started again.
It felt amazing being home again, familiar faces, home cooking, and warm weather offered much needed relaxation before the stress of college started back up. Because of Erika's demanding school load, this had been the first time she'd gone back home since going off to college, and she was soaking in every minute.
Erika's parents wasted no time capitalizing on the new found free time and space that went along with their child moving out. Within a month of Erika moving off to college, her parents began renovating her old room into what will someday be a home office for her father. The project ended being far greater of an undertaking than originally thought, and the room was in complete disarray.
Erika could have slept on the family sofa, but her mother thought that she might want her own space, being the adult she is now. Because of this, Erika was staying in a hotel a couple miles away near downtown. Erika loved having the space, as much as she appreciated seeing family again, she found herself feeling a little overwhelmed at the end of the day, and it was nice to be able to get away.
One of the last nights that Erika was in town she had gotten back to the hotel from her parents house a little earlier than expected so she gave Jenny a ring asking her if she wanted to join her back at the hotel for a drink.
Erika hopped in the shower, thinking about her plans for the upcoming school year, and letting the warm water wash away the day. Erika found herself feeling turned on from the hot water running down her nude body. Looking down at herself, Erika squeezed her breasts, enjoying the view. Experimenting with exhibitionism had done wonders for the way Erika felt about her body, she loved every inch of body.
Before getting too carried away, Erika remembered that her friend was on the way. She hopped out of the shower, toweled off, and began blow drying her hair.
Erika heard a knock at the door, giddy with excitement to see her friend she ran towards the door, almost forgetting she was naked. Erika threw the hotel robe she found near the door on, and welcomed her friend in.
"You look comfy!" Jenny said smiling, looking at Erika in her hastily donned robe, and still slightly wet hair.
"Hey jenny!" Erika greeted her friend, letting her inside.
Erika had brought a couple of bottles of wine over, and the two were excited to catch up. The two sipped wine, exchanged stories of what it felt like to be home, how strange it was seeing hometown friends starting to mature, and their plans for when they returned home in a couple of days.
As the wine started to warm their spirits, and lower inhibitions, the conversation turned to boys. Old high school and family friends they thought were attractive. Eventually the conversation turned to sex, Jenny admitted that she hooked up with one of their old mutual friends while they had been back home. Erika admitted that there had been no action on her end, she'd been with her parents or extended family for nearly the entire trip.
"Poor Erika!" Jenny teased.
Jenny could tell the wine and talk of sex was starting to get to Erika. Erika's cheeks always blushed when she was feeling warm and aroused. Jenny watched Erika take another sip of her wine. She noticed Erika's robe had slowly been sliding open, and it was obvious that she was naked underneath. Jenny had never been one to chase after girls, but she had been developing quite the crush on her friend.
"Oh wow! I'm not sure what's gotten into me, I'm usually fast asleep by this time" Jenny said, looking at the clock. It was now midnight.
Wine and conversation had passed more time than either of them had realized. Erika looked up and Jenny from the clock. Jenny was staring back at Erika with a familiar and devilish look.
"You know, I bet most people are asleep by now, we might be able to find some stuff to do until we get tired," Jenny suggested, smiling and swirling the wine in her glass.
"What!? You mean here?" Erika exclaimed.
"Why not?" Jenny replied. "It's late, there's no way anyone will be walking around right now, just listen to how quiet it is!"
Erika down at her bare legs extending enticingly from the bottom of her robe, blushing, pondering the call to adventure. Erika was already turned on from her shower, and the wine and talk of sex wasn't helping the matter.
Erika, twirling the waistband of her robe in her fingers, looked back up at Jenny, "What do you have in mind?"
Elated, Jenny took a sip of wine and began formulating ways to get Erika out of her robe.
"Well.." Jenny finally spoke, "our other bottle of wine is white, and I forgot to chill it. It'd be a real bummer if we had to drink it warm".
Erika stared at Jenny, not sure what she was getting at.
"Why don't we go get some ice!" Jenny suggested with a devilish grin on her face. "Leave the robe, the ice machine isn't too far!"
Erika began to blush harder, pondering the idea of taking her robe off and walking out into the hotel hallway naked. What if somebody saw her? Aren't there security cameras? Erika's mind raced, balancing the thrill of another adventure versus what might happen if she got caught.
Eventually Erika caved.
"Fuck it!" Erika exclaimed, pounding the remainder of her wine, "let's do it".
Erika stood up, pulling on the waistband, allowing the robe to naturally fall open. Erika looked down at her young, fit body as she let the robe fall off of the back of her shoulders.
Jenny was drinking in the view, admiring Erika's body up and down. Erika looked up at her friend sitting in front of her on the bed and noticed the almost predatory look in Jenny's eyes staring back at her.
Jenny was never one who was good at hiding what she was thinking, but she was making it painfully obvious how much she was enjoying the view.
"You lead the way," Erika said, clasping her hands behind her back, leaving herself on full display.
Jenny stood up, walking past her friend to the mini-fridge and grabbing the hotel's ice bucket.
"Here you go!" Jenny smiled, handing the bucket to her nude friend.
Erika grabbed the small bucket, pressing the cool metal against her bare belly, sending small shivers up her body. Jenny grabbed the room key from Erika's nightstand, and the two walked towards the door.
Jenny grabbed Erika's arm, pushing Erika in front of her.
"Go ahead!" Jenny said, beaming with excitement.
Erika looked at Jenny, thinking it was cute how excited Jenny was.
Looking back at the door Erika bit her lip in nervousness. Starting an adventure was always the most nerve-racking part.
Erika raised a slightly shaking hand, placing it on the door knob, always the beginning of the point of no return. Twisting the door knob, Erika cracked the door open, listening for any signs of life. Nothing. All she could hear was the low hum of the hotel's ventilation system.
After another quick, shy peak back at Jenny, Erika slowly began pulling the door open, terrified of making even a peep. With the door open, a sense of mischievous excitement began to fill Erika's body once again. With a smile and the door now open, Erika slowly tip towed into the hallway in front of her room.
The familiar feeling of being completely naked and exposed in a public area washed over Erika. A chaotic mixture of fear, excitement, and arousal came in waves. Erika walked a couple more steps out from her room and turned to see her friend following behind, swinging the door closed.
With a loud, metal click, Erika's door announced to her and anyone else in the hallway that Erika was now cut off from her clothing. With Jenny holding the key, Erika was once again naked in a public place at her friend's mercy. This dynamic drove Erika crazy, she loved feeling helpless and exposed. The night had barely even begun and Erika already knew she'd do anything Jenny asked.
This feeling wasn't isolated, Jenny eyed the nude Erika staring back at her submissively, still holding the ice bucket against her beautiful body. Jenny knew Erika was completely under her control at this point. She loved it. Jenny felt a duty to help Erika push her boundaries and explore her fantasies, but she couldn't help but enjoy having a naked girl at her command. The two were a match made in heaven.
"Ice machines down the hall to the left!" Jenny told Erika, grinning from ear to ear.
Jenny grabbed Erika, turning her, and with a quiet slap on the ass, Erika began walking down the hallway.
Erika might have felt a little tipsy from the wine, but this feeling always made her feel drunk. Her senses ran wild, feeling the warm thin carpet beneath her bare feet, Erika crept forward. Her hearing was on high alert, she could hear a television set playing over the low hum of the hallway ventilation along with the occasional muffled conversation.
Erika knew that at any given moment, one of the two dozen doors facing the hallway could open, leaving her completely exposed with nowhere to hide. Determined as she always is, Erika made a promise to herself that no matter what happened, she wouldn't try to hide or cover up. Plus, Jenny probably wouldn't let her anyway.
The two made their way down the hallway. Erika was walking slowly on the balls of her feet trying to be as quiet as possible. Jenny was walking casually behind her, enjoying the view of Erika's toned back and firm ass.
Whenever Erika has been nude in public on one of their adventures, Jenny noticed that she always moved very sexually as she walked. Jenny watched as the bounce from Erika step, translated to her supple hips and butt moving from side to side, which in turn rippled up her back in one fluid, beautiful motion. Jenny couldn't take her eyes off her.
Erika looked back at her friend, catching Jenny taking the view in.
Erika blushed, smiling, she continued down the hallway. Even if it was just Jenny with her, she still had an audience.
Before long, the two reached the ice machine. The area hummed loudly from the freezer's compressor, and glowed from the bright fluorescent lights. For a naked girl, trying to be sneaky, this may as well have been a spot light.
Erika looked around nervously, entering the space. The cool tile was a jarring change from the warm carpet under her feet from just a second earlier. The cold tile sent goose bumps up her body. Erika shivered as her nipples hardened.
Wasting no time, Erika went straight towards the ice machine. She placed the bucket under the ice drop of the machine. Erika was so used to the silence of the midnight hallway, constantly listening for any signs of movement, that the ice hitting the metal bucket sounded like artillery fire. Erika nearly jumped out of her skin, looking around frantically as if she just attracted a zombie horde.
Before long the small bucket was full of ice. Erika pulled the bucket away looking at Jenny. She finished her task, and she found herself looking back at Jenny, awaiting her next orders.
Jenny smiled at her friend, it was obvious how much the noise and lights shook Erika up.
"The wine isn't going to chill itself!" Jenny exclaimed.
Jenny grabbed Erika firmly by her arm, thrusting Erika back out into the hallway.
Erika marched down the hallway obediently, clutching her cold metal prize against her nude body.
The rest of the walk back was uneventful. Erika made it back down the hall, finally making in front of her hotel room. Erika stared at the door blankly, remembering she had no way of even getting back into her room even if she wanted to.
Eventually Jenny caught up with her naked friend.
"Nice.. fucking.. Work..", Jenny whispered to her friend.
Jenny could never help but be impressed by her friend's bravery during any of Erika's adventures. There's no way she could even imagine their roles swapped, but she was thankful for the situation they both found themselves in.
Jenny slid the room card in, after a quick period and a quiet beep, the door clicked open. Erika rushed through the door, finally back to safety, her challenge complete.
The two collapsed on Erika's bed giggling to each other. Although the challenge was definitely exciting Erika couldn't help feeling a little underwhelmed.
Erika glanced over at the clock. Even though time felt like it was standing still during her dare, the walk had only killed about five minutes.
"Damn, it's still kinda early!" Erika exclaimed, looking over at Jenny.
"I know! I really thought that was going to kill more time." Jenny replied.
Erika thought for a bit, looking down at her nude feet kicking back and forth at the base of her bed.
"Why don't we do another dare!" Jenny suggested, looking over at Erika with a devilish smile.
"I'm so down.." Erika quickly responded.
The wine still coursing through her system and the excitement of her first challenge had Erika in quite a mood.
"Let's do something riskier, I wanna get caught." Erika admitted, blushing and fearing what that suggestion could possibly mean.
Jenny's eyes popped out of her head, sometimes she had a hard time fully grasping who her friend had become
Jenny laughed, looking down at her purse.
"You know what's funny? I kinda hoped we were going to get into some trouble tonight.." Jenny said, giggling to herself.
Jenny pulled a pair of handcuffs out of her purse, the same pair Erika wore on her first adventure. Jenny dangled the metal cuffs in front of Erika's face, taunting her.
"There's a pretty busy intersection not far from here, I dare you to go touch the stop sign" Jenny suggested to her friend with a devilish grin.
Erika looked back at her friend, almost dumbfounded. She unconsciously started twisting her nipple while she stared at the pair of handcuffs dangled out in front of her. Of course it wasn't as simple as just touching a stop sign. Erika knew that this meant leaving the safety of her hotel room naked and handcuffed, finding her way all the way outside, and then being led down the street in front of god only knows how many people.
Erika began to notice that she seemed to possess almost no ability to say no during these situations. Every logical bone in her body told her this was a horrible idea, and that she should just go to bed, but logic wasn't in control anymore.
"Let's do it..." Erika said, biting her lip, now fully squeezing her breasts.
"You're so fucking crazy, I love you," Jenny laughed, fully in disbelief that her friend just voluntarily asked to be walked naked and handcuffed in public again.
Jenny stood up, placing her hand on Erika's chin, tilting her head up to hers, planting a deep and passionate kiss on Erika's lips, distracting Erika from her current state of undress.
Before Erika knew it, Jenny had spun her around, pressing her head face down into the bed, and forcing her arms behind her back. Erika knew her fate was sealed with the final and metallic click of the handcuffs locking into place. The metal felt cold against her nude skin.
Jenny grabbed Erika by the arm and stood her up.
"After you," Jenny teased, holding her arm out towards the door.
Erika started moving forward, almost completely on autopilot. Erika was now completely at the mercy of Jenny.
Before Erika could ask any questions, Jenny had opened the door and kicked her out. The door slamming behind them. The familiar feeling of the cooler air of the hallway coated Erika's body, as a stark reminder of her naked state. This time was different, Erika wasn't just making a mad dash to an ice machine, she was handcuffed now, intentionally trying to be seen in her current state. She felt like such a slut, but that only turned her on more.
Erika stood in front of Jenny, pressing her cuffed hands behind her back, driving her breasts out toward Jenny and swaying back and forth gently. It was very clear how turned on she was.
Jenny smiled at her friend, grabbing her arm and pushing her forward, down the hallway.
"Let's go! I think it'll be more fun if we take the elevator," Jenny laughed.
Erika was speechless. She couldn't believe what she was doing. Jenny followed behind, watching her friend's nude ass seductively swaying back and forth as she walked down the hall.
Erika looked down at her nude body, feeling the carpet under her bare feet. She wasn't just naked, she couldn't cover herself up, she had no access to clothing, and she was being pushed down the hall by her best friend. Her body was practically vibrating with arousal.
The two made it down the hall with little interruption, eventually reaching the bank of elevators. Erika walked out into the middle of the room, the cool marble floor under her feet felt like a shocking change from the warm carpet just a second ago. Erika could see her nude body fuzzily reflected in the metal doors. She turned around, watching Jenny press the down button.
"What the fuck are you doing?!" Erika screamed at herself in her head.
However, Jenny wasted no time. While they were waiting for their ride Jenny grabbed Erika by the throat, pressing her nude body up against the cool metal wall. Erika gasped, speechless. Jenny ran her hands down Erika's body, pinching her nipple and rubbing her clit. Erika moaned, helpless, drooling on herself watching her friends hands run up and down her body. She was hopeless, at this point she knew Jenny could quite literally do anything with her, and she wouldn't be able to resist.
"DING!!" the elevator sounded loudly, interrupting the two's moment.
Erika watched in horror as the elevator doors opened. Thankfully there was no one in them, and Erika walked forward, in a seemingly hypnotic state. She made it to the back corner of the elevator, waiting for her friend to press the buttons. The entire elevator was a standard hotel elevator, mirrored on all sides. Erika felt the cool wall, and metal handcuffs against her nude butt as she looked at her reflection, trying to grasp her current situation. There was a cool draft moving up from the elevator shaft, moving up every inch of Erika's body, hardening her nipples and covering her body in goosebumps.
She couldn't believe how vulnerable and scared she felt, but the power of arousal overpowered these feelings. She would have given anything in this moment to cum, but release was not on Jenny's mind. Jenny looked back at her friend as the doors closed. With an audible lurch, the elevator started moving down, the floor signs lighting up.
Erika watched in horror as the signs moved from the 6th floor, progressively down towards the lobby level. There was no explaining Erika's situation. Because of the handcuffs, it was obvious this wasn't a harmless streak, it was clearly sexual.
"DING!!" Erika looked at the elevator doors, and her naked reflection as the doors swung open. Before she could say anything, Jenny pushed her out of the elevator. She wanted to scream. The cool marble once again under her feet served as a stark reminder that she was now completely naked, only feet from the main lobby of the hotel.
Erika had been very lucky up until this point in the fact that her nude escapades had gone unnoticed, but she knew that was about to change. Jenny pushed her down the hall towards the glowing exit sign. Erika's heart felt like it was going to explode. She was so far away from her clothes, and she knew that she was about to be thrusted out onto the street.
What were people going to think? Will they be mad? Turned on? The uncertainty was driving Erika wild as she walked closer and closer towards the door. She could hear muffled conversations and television sets from behind the rooms they passed, she couldn't believe they made it this far without running into someone.
Before she had too much time to dwell on these feelings the two reached the door, without any hesitation Jenny swung the door open, Erika voluntarily walking out into the parking lot.
Erika's eyes almost popped out of her head as the cool night air covered her naked body. The chill asphalt felt shocking under Erika's feet as she looked back at her friend. The night air instantly cooled the metal handcuffs, making themselves immediately apparent again to Erika.
"Let's go show you off!" Jenny said smiling, and looking up and down every inch of Erika's body.
Erika's breathing began to get heavy, she now felt truly exposed. She heard the busy intersection in the distance, cars and buzzing crowds now were only 50 yards away. Erika stood there with her hands bound behind her back looking around, her senses were on high alert. She felt every inch of her body, and heard everything.
"This is so fucking crazy.." Erika whispered as the two slowly started to walk along the parking lot. Erika was now looking up, submissively into Jenny's eyes.
Jenny stopped Erika, planting another passionate kiss into Erika's lips.
"Enjoy this. Be a good little girl, and lets go show everyone your slutty little body," Jenny said to her friend, staring deeply into Erika's eyes.
It was good Erika's hands were cuffed, because she would have given anything in that moment to pull her hands around to her front and make herself cum in the middle of the parking lot for her friend.
Jenny grabbed Erika by the base of her hair, turning her around and forcing her forward with a loud slap of her ass. Erika began walking forward, she could now make out cars and people moving up and down the street in front of her.
Even in her wildest fantasies, Erika didn't think she was ever going to experience something like this. It was clear that she was mere seconds away from her good luck of being unnoticed running out on her current adventure.
Erika was breathing frantically, as she looked forward. The downtown street leading to the intersection Jenny had proposed was busier than either of them had thought it would be at this hour.
Erika looked up, with a wild look in her eyes at her friend as she paused for a moment. Erika knew she didn't have the courage to do this on her own. She looked at Jenny for direction, almost wishing that she would suggest going back.
"Don't worry.. You got this. No matter what, I'll protect you," Jenny said to Erika, clearly seeing how scared she was.
Without a word, Erika turned from her friend, facing the street, slowly putting one foot in front of the other. Erika couldn't believe how naked she felt. The cool night air lit up every molecule of her body. She felt the cool and slightly damp cement under her feet, and the chill breeze now met her wet pussy, only accentuating how aroused she felt. Erika felt electrified as she took one final look down at her naked body, thrusted out for anyone to see thanks to her handcuffs.
Erika looked up, the two friends finally left the final cover of the potted bushes lining the parking lot.
Erika stopped dead in her tracks. She couldn't breath. She was now standing completely naked and handcuffed on a busy downtown sidewalk.
Like a deer caught in headlights, Erika met the gaze of a couple walking by. They both smiled at her as they passed. Erika watched the couple walk down the sidewalk, as dozens of people started to notice the fact that there was a naked girl standing downtown.
Erika couldn't believe it. The house party and the hiking trail were one thing, but this was something completely else. She had never had this many eyes on her nude body before. Let alone some place so unexpected.
Erika thought she was about to cum on the spot, purely from the feeling of nakedness and exposure alone, but she suddenly felt her friend's hand grab the back of her neck, pushing her forward towards the intersection.
Erika moved forward. She was in a state she'd never felt before. A normal person would be panicking in her current situation, but Erika was in heaven. The lack of control gave her a strange sense of confidence. She wasn't just a nude woman walking down the sidewalk, she was a handcuffed little slut, completely under control of her friend, looking at every person she passed, daring them to grab her and feel her body.
This confidence showed. Erika was biting her lower lip as she walked seductively down the sidewalk.
The two were now completely within the crowds moving between bars. Conversations crashed to a stop as people watched Erika's nude body weave in and out between groups of people.
Erika felt like she was drunk. She loved seeing the reactions of people looking up and down every inch of her body. As she made her way down the sidewalk, she made a point of turning her body towards every bar and group, drinking in the attention, and feeling the gaze and slight evening breeze lighting her tight young body on fire.
Everyone must have thought she was such a slut. She loved it. Erika felt as if she was in a dream. She couldn't believe how good this felt.
The two finally reached the stop sign. Erika walked out to the corner of the sidewalk. Popular bars lined every corder and street surrounding her. It was clear Erika now had the attention of at least a hundred people.
Erika stood speechless, leaning up against the cold metal stop sign. She took a moment, drinking in the true magnitude of attention now aimed at her nude body. Not even in her wildest dreams did she think she'd ever feel something like this.
Just then Jenny broke Erika's focus. As the crosswalk symbol lit up, Jenny grabbed Erika's arm, laughing maniacally and dragging Erika out into the middle of the intersection.
Erika could not have been more at the center of attention of an entire downtown area if she tried. She couldn't make a sound.
Jenny rotated Erika around, showing every corner of the intersection a good view of her naked friend.
Finally, Jenny turned Erika towards her, planting another deep kiss, forcefully turning her friend around, bending her over, grabbing her by the hair and landing a series of hard spanks across Erika's ass.
Erika let out a yelp. She couldn't believe what was happening. She should be ashamed, but instead, the feeling of being completely naked, handcuffed, controlled, and now spanked in front of her now massive audience was unbelievable.
Erika turned around, seemingly under a spell towards her friend.
"Fuck me. Please fuck me, I need to cum so bad. I've been a good girl. Please let me cum". Erika moaned at Jenny, as Jenny was now teasing her clit and pinching her nipple.
Jenny was in a daze. She'd never seen this side of Erika before. It was impressive, she couldn't imagine having this level of confidence.
Suddenly Jenny broke her view of her naked, writhing friend. As she looked around, the magnitude of their situation occurred to Jenny.
"We gotta get the fuck out of here!" Jenny exclaimed to Erika, looking around at the potentially hundreds of people watching her naked friend standing in the middle of the intersection begging to cum.
Jenny took Erika by the arm, and the two started running back down the sidewalk, laughing hysterically. The absurdity of their situation wasn't lost on either of them.
After a brief period, and several more shocked onlookers, Jenny got her friend back to the relative safety of the parking lot.
Erika felt like she was going to cum at any second. She was hopelessly lost as her friend dragged her across the parking lot back towards the hotel.
The two finally made it to the side entrance they left from, but discovered a critical mistake. The door was locked. Jenny tried repeatedly to open the door, but finally the two stared at each other in silence.
"... You're gonna have to go through the main entrance." Jenny finally explained to her friend.
Erika was too far-gone to care.
"Gladly.." Erika replied, biting her lip and rubbing her nude body up against her friend.
Jenny could have told her they were going to the middle of Times Square, and Erika wouldn't have been able to resist.
The two made the brief walk towards the main entrance. Jenny walking in front, het naked friend in tow.
As they reached the entrance, the doors roared open, blowing a fan down on them.
The blast of air almost sent Erika over the edge, pulling her out of her daze. She was now very aware of the fact that she was being dragged naked through a hotel lobby. The receptionist looked at the two, mouth agape, as Erika was dragged towards the elevators.
Erika's bare feet were once again met with the cool marble of the elevator's waiting area.
Erika was now completely on autopilot. She was desperately rubbing her nude body up against her friend in an effort to finally cum.
Jenny reached into her purse, laughing at her friend. She'd never seen someone so far gone, completely devoid of inhibitions.
Jenny had one final idea for Erika.
"I'm gonna un-cuff you on one condition," Jenny teased.
"Please, anything. I'll do anything," Erika said desperately, knowing a free hand would mean the freedom to finally make herself cum.
"When I un-cuff you, you're going to walk back out to the main lobby, and make yourself cum infront of that sweet young man working the front counter, understand?" Jenny told Erika, grabbing her by the neck.
"Gladly..." Erika responded again, obediently.
Jenny spun her friend around, pulling the handcuff key from her purse, freeing one of Erika's hands. Before Jenny could even free the second hand, Erika set off back down the hallway.
Jenny ran after her, giggling.
Erika reached the main lobby, walking confidently out into the center. Erika once again made eye contact with the receptionist behind the counter. He couldn't tell if this was some sort of prank show, or if he was about to get in trouble.
Erika needed no further prompting. She laid down on the cool marble. Gasping as her bare back made contact with the surface.
The metal handcuff rattled loudly against the floor, as she started fingering herself in front of the young man. Her other hand twisting her nipple.
Jenny couldn't believe what she was seeing. It was like freeing some sort of demon.
Erika threw her head back, arching her back, firmly grasping her left breast. Her hips began writhing around left and right as if they had a mind of their own.
She let out a scream. Erika started rolling around, lost in one of the most powerful orgasms she had ever experienced. All while still partially handcuffed, nude on the floor, in front of the shocked receptionist.
When it was finally over, Erika laid on the marble, the floor completely soaked from her intense climax, shaking, and slowly rocking back and forth.
At this point Jenny felt as if she took things too far, and almost panicked as she entered damage control mode. Jenny picked Erika up off the floor and the two rushed back to the elevators.
After a brief wait, Jenny shoved Erika into an open elevator, and the two set off back to their floor.
Erika finally gained the ability to speak again, slowly looking up at Jenny.
"That was fucking amazing....." Erika finally spoke.
"You're so crazy, I fucking love you so much," Jenny replied, laughing hysterically.
The elevator doors finally opened, and the two sprinted back down the hall to the safety of their room.
Erika collapsed into Jenny's arms, and the two recalled the evening's events, laughing uncontrollably. This had been a major turning point for what Erika even thought was possible.