This story was thought up, developed, and written purely from my warped imagination. With the probable millions of stories out there on this site and other sites, I have no doubt that there will be some resemblance to another story somewhere. It should be obvious to even the stupidest person that there is no possible way that I could have read every single story ever posted to every website. If yo9u happen to have read another story that is similar. Don't bother commenting on it, as I simplify don't care.
Now, a word from Captain Obvious:
Hello, fellow perverts. Captain Obvious here. First off, this site is an erotica story website. That means that there is sexual content in this story. Also, this story is, as are pretty much all stories here, completely FICTIONAL. That means that they are not real and are completely derived from the author's vivid, if even perverted, imagination. IT ISN'T REAL, AND IT NEVER ACURALLY HAPPENED! Also, there are most likely parts of this story that may be beyond belief. Here's a hint as to how to deal with those parts - THIS IS FICTION IT IS NOT REAL. Just suspend your really for a few brief minutes and imagine yourself in an alternate reality while you read it.
Another obvious thing to consider here. The title states that the character submits to HER SON and his friends. For those of you in Rio Linda, that means that there is, in fact, a bit of incest here. It isn't the major theme, but it nis here. If that bothers you, why the fuck did you click on this story in the first place? Also, in the title, it states SUBMISSION. What does indicate that the main character submits to others. You can surmise from that, that there will be included some BDSM in this story. I am assuming that this will actually end up in the BDSM category, where I will be submitting it in, but Literotica does have a habit of changing the categories after submission. Especially if you even hint about incest I the story.
Thank you Captain Obvious. Now onto the story.
Submitting to my son and his friends:
"Fuck, it's hot!" I blurted out. Thank you, Captain Obvious for putting those words in my mouth.
It was the beginning of July 2024, and a massive heat wave had gripped most of the United States. Record temperatures were being recorded everywhere. The old AC unit in our house had unsurprisingly succumbed to the strain. The soonest I could get a technician out here was in three more days. I built several 'Redneck Swamp Coolers' to help as much as possible. For those of you unfamiliar with these, they are surprisingly simple and fairly cheap to build. You get a Styrofoam ice chest. Cut a 10-inch diameter hole in the top, cut a couple of 2-inch diameter holes in the side near the top, Fill that bastard up with ice, then put a fan on the hole on the top.
The fan blows hot air into the cooler, the ice cools the air. The cool air is forced out through the 2-inch holes, giving you cool air. They work great, if you can be within 2 feet of the front of the thing. You also need to replace the ice on a regular basis. I had to set chairs on each side of my bed with four of them going at night while I slept nude on top of the blankets for the last three nights. I kept my door open in order to catch whatever breeze might be flowing through the house as well. OK, so my son and any of his friends that happened to be spending the night, or just been there playing video games late into the night might have gotten an eyeful when they walked by but fuck it. I'm pretty sure that they have all seen a naked woman by this point in their lives. After all, they were all in college at this point.
That brings us to today. In the morning, when it became obvious that any further attempt at sleep was futile, I got out of bed, took a quick shower to wash the sweat from last night off, and slipped on an old pair of white cotton bikini panties and an old thin white tank top that was probably a size or two too small. It occurred to me while looking in the mirror as I was brushing my teeth that my clothing choices had gotten skimpier each day that this heat wave had gone on. Oh well. Fuck it. The important parts were still covered up - sorta. Hopefully, Jimmy and his friends would go to the lake or something, and I could just get naked and go skinny dipping in the pool for a bit. Maye even relax outside in the shade completely naked or something.
I shut off the four redneck coolers surrounding my bed, then dumped the melted ice into the bathtub and put them back. Note to self, get another 10-bags of ice for tonight. Thankfully, with Jimmy and four of his college friends here for summer break, the freezer had emptied quite a bit. That left plenty of room for bags of ice. Seriously, have you tried to feed five college boys? It's like they're bottomless pits. I digress. Anyway, after I cooked a couple dozen eggs, 5 pounds of bacon and probably 200 pancakes, we finally finished breakfast. I cooked, so I had the boys clean up. It was a fair trade of labor, kind of.
After the clean-up was completed, I slipped on a pair of sandals, not that I had any intention of actually getting out of the car, but it made me feel better while driving. I had the boys load up into my Chevy Suburban, and I drove over to the nearest convenience store. I gave Jimmy my debit card and instructions. I stayed in the car while they went inside. A few minutes later, they all came out carrying bags of ice. After loading them onto the back, they piled back in for the return home. They stacked as many bags as would fit into the freezer. The rest were deposited into various coolers that would be moved about during the day as necessary.
I couldn't help but notice the lingering glances as my perspiration from the heat began to moisten my rather skimpy attire. By 10:00 in the morning, my tank top looked like I was a contestant in a wet tee-shirt contest. The crotch of my panties was also noticeably moist. It was mainly because of perspiration, but not completely. Seriously, people. I'm a healthy adult woman that hasn't gotten laid in a while, surrounded by several young, healthy, muscular college guys that were mostly only wearing shorts with no shirts on. I'm not even going to mention the size of the bulges when their bathing suits were clinging to their bodies as they were getting out of the pool. Fuck yes, I was getting horney.
It was actually hotter inside the house than it was outside in the shade. I mixed up a batch of frozen margaritas in the blender, and I went out on the patio to sit in the shade. Apparently, the guys decided that was a good idea too, so they got beers out of the fridge and joined me. I brought out one of my redneck coolers out and set it up beside me for a bit off cool air. The guys mainly stayed in the pool, figuring that it was cooler than being out in the hot air. They occasionally came out to sit for a bit while drinking their beers. After a little while, I needed to cool off a bit more, so I went over and dived into the pool myself. After being in the pool for a few minutes, I got back out and went back to my lounger in the shade. As you can imagine, my tight white cotton tank-top and white cotton panties plastered themselves to my body and turned almost transparent.
When I laid back down on my lounge chair, I glanced down at my body. The wet tank-top pretty clearly showed my erect nipples, areolas, and nipple rings. Similarly, my white cotton panties revealed my bronze-colored landing strip, along with the definite outline of my pussy and piercing in the folds of my clit hood. My dangle piercing in my navel was also visible, but I'm pretty sure that was a distant second in the interest level of the stares I was getting from the boys. Thankfully, for my modesty (Yeah, right. That went out the window two days ago), the heat quickly dried my clothes and hid everything again. OK, so it didn't really hide everything, more like it turned from semi-transparent back to pure white and not quite as clingy. My hard nipples and the outlines of my piercings were still visible, as was the major camel-toe in my panties.
This is where I uttered those fateful words.
"Fuck, it's hot." I blurted out. "It's almost too hot for clothes. Don't you guys want to go to the lake or something?"
"Fuck the lake." Jimmy replied from the pool. "According to the weather chart, it's even hotter there than it is here. If you're just trying to get rid of us for a while so you can get naked, you should know that it probably doesn't matter much at this point. After all, you've been sleeping naked with your bedroom door wide open for the last few nights. We've already seen everything that there is to see already."
"Yeah." Colin, the beefcake Strong Safety for the college football team, replied. "Besides, we won't mind if you want to strip down. You're like the ultimate MILF fantasy for us."
"Yeah. That's all I need. Me getting naked, then all you guys taking pictures of me to store on your phones." I grumped. I noticed their sudden sheepish looks and how they became very interested in the ground at their feet. "FUCK! You all already took a bunch of pictures as I was sleeping, didn't you?"
Well, as the saying goes, no use locking the barn door after all the horses have already escaped. Besides, we were all adults, and my clothes (what little there were of them) were getting soaked with my sweat. OK, so the moisture in my panties was not all caused by perspiration. I had been slyly eyeballing the way their swim trunks clung to their crotches whenever they got out of the pool all morning. There was also a little thought that passed through the back of my head that reminded me that it had been a long time since I'd had sex, and these guys were all pretty much beefcakes.
The concrete patio was hot, so I slipped on my 4-inch wedge sandals as I sat up. I didn't want to burn my feet. My fettered tits did a nice jiggle as I stood up. Crossing my arms in front of me, I reached down and took hold of the hem of my tank-top, then pulled straight up until the bottom of my shirt rose above my dangly navel piercing, then to the bottom of my tits, slowly pulling them up as my shirt caught the undersides, and finally released, dropped my boobs down and practically flew up and over my head. My tits did a couple of nice bounces before finally settling into place. The bounces caused the chain hanging between my nipple rings to jerk on my sensitive nipples a couple of times, causing a very pleasant jolt of electricity to shoot straight to my core.
Once my tank-top was off, I tossed it aside, then turned away from the guys, so they were looking at my panty covered ass. I had worked long and hard at the Gym, with my personal trainer, Jim btw, on that ass, and I was damned proud of it. Yes, I went to the gym to see Jim. I hooked my thumbs into the waistband of my panties and pushed them down over my hips. I bent at the waist to push them all the way down my legs to my ankles, leaving me jackknifed at the waist with my ass on full display. I heard the groans from them as they got a good view of the large faux ruby sticking out of my ass. Straightening back up, I stepped out of my panties, then kicked them to the side and turned back around to face them. I was now facing them and giving them a full-frontal nude view.
"Happy now?" I asked.
"Ecstatic!" was the reply I got.
"Nice butt plug, mom." Jimmy commented.
With that, I strode over to the pool, slipped off my sandals and dove in. Like moths to a flame, they followed close behind. Lary seemed fascinated by my nipple piercings and asked if he could check them out a bit. Why not? I gave him permission, so he immediately began to touch them and move them around. He tugged a few times on the chain as well. Every touch sent lightning bolts straight from my nipples to my core. Involuntary gasps of pleasure escaped my lips with every touch. That seemed to egg him on and made him bolder. His right hand stopped tweaking my left nipple and moved down to start toying with the piercing above my clit. Of course, as he was playing with that ring, he would also rub my clitoris as well. One of the guys started toying with my butt plug as well. He would tap on it, twist it, and even tug on it. That was adding a lot of anal stimulation to everything else. It wasn't long before I was crying out in ecstasy.
As I was in the throws of orgasm, several pairs of arms enveloped me, lifted me out of the pool, and carried me over to a lounge chair. "We wouldn't want any sensitive areas to get burned, now would we?" I felt lotion being quirted on my tits and crotch. Seconds later, several strong hands began rubbing the lotion into my sensitive skin. It wasn't long before I was on the verge of another orgasm.
When I recovered my senses, I found myself staring straight at a very long and thick lump under a pair of swim trunks. Witho9ut a second thought, I reached up grabbed the waistband, and pulled down. Seeing that thick, proud pole jutting out from his crotch, I rolled off the lounger and onto my knees in front of him. I gave him a slight push, and he sat down on a deck chair. I leaned forward and engulfed his cock in my mouth, then proceeded to give him the best blowjob he had ever had. I was really working his pole for a couple of minutes when I felt a pair of hands grab my hips, then it felt like a telephone pole was being shoved into my drooling pussy. With the large plug already in my ass, I was stuffed to the gills. The right hand holding my hip released and came down on my ass as he was driving in. Seriously? These big strong college guys, and that's the best they got? I pulled my mouth off of the cock in front of me. I continue to stroke him with my hand as I looked back to see that it was Colin fucking me from behind.
"Really? Is that the way your girlfriend slaps your ass as she's pegging you? Are you some kind of 'Girly man'? Seriously, dude. If your gonna slap my ass, slap it right. If you aren't man enough to slap my ass right, have the other guys help you."
Careful what you ask for. Suddenly, there were three large hands viciously spanking my ass as Colin began really fucking me hard. The vibrations from my moans of pleasure must have set Jimmy off, yes, it turned out to be my son that I was sucking off. He suddenly shot his load off down my throat. That broke me over the edge as a massive orgasm hit me. I was gulping down every drop of Jimmy's cum as my pussy clenched and began milking Colin's cock. With an animalistic roar, Colin grabbed my hips tightly and pulled me hard against himself, burying has cock as deep as it would go. Jet after jet of his hot cum sprayed deep inside me.
When Colin pulled out, Jake took his place, except that he didn't slide into my pussy. Instead, he slowly began pulling the plug out of my ass. As that was happening, Andy knelt down in front of me and offered his cock to my mouth. Gradually, the plug was removed, then some lube was applied into my ass, and I assume onto Jake's cock as well. I had been wearing a large butt plug all day. That and I loved anal sex, so he was able to work his cock into my ass fairly easily. Still, he must have had enough experience to understand that he still needed to go slow and allow me to adjust.
When he got his cock buried balls deep in my ass, he leaned forward and began playing with my nipples. It was only about a minute before I was ready for some real ass fucking. I signaled it to him by starting to thrust back and forth a but, never allowing Andy's cock to escape my sucking. Jake took the hint and began moving his hips to fuck me. I was meeting him stroke for stroke. It was only moments before he began speeding up, and soon he was pounding in and out for all he was worth.
Between the pounding that my ass was getting, the pleasure from having a big cock in my mouth, and the attention that my nipples were receiving, I was building quickly to another orgasm. What I said earlier about being able to take his cock fairly easily into my ass may have given you the wrong idea. It's still pretty tight. It was apparently tight enough for Jake, because I could feel his cock beginning to swell in imminent ejaculation.
Obviously, he felt it as well. He suddenly moved his right hand down to my pussy and began stroking my engorged clitty. Just as I felt the first jet of semen flood my bowels, he pinched my clitty. That broke me over the edge as my orgasm hit. I cried out in pure bliss. Well, sort of. I still had Andy's cock in my mouth, so my screams were mainly muffled. It had a different effect on Andy. Apparently, the vibrations from my vocal chords reverberated in my stuffed mouth and caused Andy to let his own load fly. My anus was clenching around Jakes cock, milking every last drop from him. My body was wracked with tremors as the waves of ecstasy washed through me. Jake and Andy pulled out of me and rolled over to lay on the grass. I just collapsed straight down to rest.
"Damn, Mom." Jimmy exclaimed. "That was pretty wild."
I rolled over onto my back, so I could look at him. "Yeah, well, I guess it was because of a couple things. First off, I haven't been out on a date in a few years, so I haven't been laid in a long time. Looking at the large bulges in your swim trunks whenever you got out of the pool made me pretty horney. Also, I've always been a bit of an exhibitionist, so being naked in front of several people also arouses me. Then, once we got going, my submissiveness kind of took over."
"Submissiveness?" He asked.
"Yeah." I replied. "I've always been fairly submissive. Having four strong young guys just take me like that and dominate me really rocked my world."
"Hmmmm. You mean that you are into bondage, humiliation, and being whipped?"
"Yeah. Pretty much. When you were younger, I would get a babysitter for you and go down to the BDSM club downtown. I would always go alone and offer myself to whoever wanted me. In would usually return home early in the mornings having been fucked seven ways to Sunday and covered in welts."
"Wow." He muttered. "I kind of remember several mornings after you had the girl down the street watch me when you went out; you always seemed to be moving slowly and gingerly. I never remember seeing any marks on you, though."
"Yeah. Most of the time, I was able to hide the marks from everyone. Usually, all the marks from the whippings and canings were confined to my ass, upper thighs, pussy, and tits. Those are easily hidden by regular clothes."
"Usually, but not always?" He asked.
"Well, there was one time. I was wearing a rather short skirt. I never wore panties when I went to the club. The Mistress that I ended up serving that night got a little, let's say exuberant. I actually have a pretty high pain tolerance, and she decided that she needed to prove to everyone else how harsh she could be."
"Mistress? You mean that you are into women too?"
"The short answer is that I am bisexual. I love women just as mech, if not actually more than men. The reality is that a good submissive serves whomever they are ordered to. As a single woman submissive that basically gave herself to be used by anyone, it wouldn't matter the sex of the dominant, only that they were the dominant and I was the submissive. I had to obey or get punished. That night, it was a woman."
"OK, so what happened."
"As I said, I was wearing a really short skirt and no panties. The taxi dropped me off back home at about 2:30 in the morning. Mistress refused to let me leave before ethe club closed, so I was a bit later than usual. Obviously, you were already in bed sleeping. I went into the kitchen to take some ibuprofen before driving Kelsey, your babysitter, home. With the caning my ass got that night, I was going to have a really hard time sitting in the car seat to drive her the couple blocks back to her house. I didn't notice her following me into the kitchen. When I bent over to get a glass out of the dishwasher, the back of my skirt rose up revealing my stripped bare ass in all its glory. That's not to mention the large faux ruby on the base of the butt plug I was wearing.
"Before I realized what was happening, she had moved in behind me, grabbed my hair to keep me bent over and shoved two fingers up my cunt. She began thrusting them in and out as she spoke. 'I got the vibe from you that you were a submissive little slut when I first met you. Then, I began hearing from a couple of my friends that are members of that club about a beautiful submissive slut that always showed up alone and offered herself to whatever master or mistress that wanted to play with her for the night. Strangely, it was always on nights that I was babysitting for you. When they described what you looked like, I knew. Now, seeing the marks on your bare ass and thighs, it just proves that I was right.'
She whispered in my ear. 'What you don't know, because I am always here babysitting for you when you go to the club, is that I also go to the club regularly. Usually, I take my submissive girlfriend with me. Now that we both know about each other, the next time you want to go to the club, my little sister will be babysitting while I take both you and my girlfriend in on leashes. That night, you will not offer yourself to anyone. You will belong to me for the night to do with you as I please. For now, though, my friends have told me how good you are with your tongue. You are to strip naked right here in the kitchen, then come into the living room, kneel in front of me, then lick my pussy to three orgasms as your way of accepting your submission to me. Oh, you can keep the heels and stockings on.'
"I licked her to three nice orgasms, then she allowed me to put my dress back on and drive her home. After that, once a month, she took me to the club and dominated me. She would occasionally loan me out to serve other dominants, but she always took me home. I was required to lick her and her girlfriend to three orgasms before they left. She's the one that took me down and had me get my piercings, by the way." I explained.
"What happened? Why did it stop?" He asked.
"She graduated, and her and her girlfriend moved away to begin their careers."
"So, why didn't you ever go back to the club?"
"Well, you were growing up and needed my time and attention. You were my priority, so that's where my time and energy went."
He became quiet and thoughtful for a bit, so I decided to take a quick dip in the pool to cool off. While I was relaxing in the pool, I saw Jimmy talking quietly with his friends. They would occasionally look over to me, then nod their heads and discuss things even more. After a while, Jimmy, Colin, and Jack got up and walked into the house. I figured that they were going in to get another beer, but they were gone longer than I figured they should be. I was just about to get out and ask Adam where they went, but they came back just as I was about to get out. Oddly, Jimmy was carrying a duffle bag with him. I was going to get out anyway, and I was curious to see what they were up to. I walked back over to my lounge chair and was about to sit down. Suddenly, two of the boys grabbed me and pulled my arms behind my back. I saw Jimmy reach into the duffle bag and pull out a length of rope. He efficiently bound my wrist together behind my back. He then pulled out another length of rope and bound my elbows together as well. This pulled my arms together behind my back, causing me to thrust my tits out. Next, he pulled out a heavy leather collar and buckled it around my neck. A heavy padlock was next. That locked the collar on my neck, so I couldn't remove it.
Jimmy began speaking to me. " We've decided to give you exactly what you need. From now on you are going to be our free-use slave. You will submit to us at all times, wherever we want, and however we want. You are not to ever wear clothes while at home, no matter who is here. When you absolutely need to go out, we will pick out the clothes that you are to wear. Rest assured that bras and panties will no longer be a part of your whoredrobe. You are to be fully accessible to anyone at any time."
"But, What about my job?" I asked.
"Mom, you're a minimum wage receptionist for an insurance firm. You barely make enough to survive on If it wasn't for that trust fund your grampa set up for you, you would already be living on the street. Besides, I've got another job lined up for you."
"What other job? This was the only job I could get without finishing my college degree. I'm not even close to qualified for a better job."
"Actually, you are perfectly qualified for this job. I'm also sure that you will like it a lot better than your current job. Plus, you can do it from home. You'll even make enough money to go back to school and finish your degree."
"Fine. What does it pay?"
"That depends entirely upon you. It could end up being up to $150K a year, but that is after a couple of years. There are a lot of women out there that make a pretty decent living out of it."
"Well, it appears that I don't have much of a choice here."
"Sure, you do. All you need to do is tell me that you do not consent to submitting to me and my friends. If you do that, we will untie you, you put on your bathing suit, and my friends and I will never touch you again. You go back to your boring life with your low-paying job that you don't really like, and life goes on like it did yesterday."
Jimmy hit a couple of pretty hard points there. One, it really was a low paying job, and I had pretty much zero chance of advancing. Two, I hadn't been laid in a few years. Sure, I'm still attractive enough to still get dates, but almost none of them ever lead to a second date. It seems that all the guys want with a MILF like me is to get into my panties. They all believe that if they pay for a nice dinner at a nice restaurant, then drinks and dancing, that the woman owes them something. This usually goes one of two ways. First off, the woman doesn't put out on the first date, so the man gets mad and never calls for another date. The second way is that the woman is so desperate for a boyfriend that she fucks him after the first date, and the guy never calls again. He already got what he wanted, so why bother with her again. If he does call, it is really only for sex. The restaurants get cheaper, the dance clubs become cheap bars with a juke box, the romance disappears, until finally he is only showing up to have sex. To them, if you put out on the first date, you are obviously really desperate or just a slut. Neither are really relationship material. The trust fund wasn't a huge amount. It was only a couple hundred thousand, but the interest that I got off of it helped. It wasn't anything that I would be able to live off of long term.
I did miss being submissive, but you need to be very careful in that lifestyle. Most people don't understand it, and especially the submissives can lose friends and be ruined socially if they are outed. The other part is that there are a lot of cruel assholes out there that like to use the lifestyle as a cover for domestic violence. A submissive really needs to have an exceedingly high trust in her dominant. I mean, let's face it. When you are bound tightly, your safe word only means as much as the dominant wants it to. I trusted Jimmy. After all, he is my son, so he would never allow any real harm to come to me.
"I submit myself to you and your friends." I answered him.
"Good girl." He smiled. "I really think that you are going to enjoy your new life."
He put my wedge sandals on my feet, then he clipped a chain leash onto the ring on my collar and led me over to the picnic table. He bent me over the end of the table and hooked my leash to the other end, thus keeping me bent over. His friends came back carrying our large 10' X 10' portable shade structure, they opened it up and slid it over the picnic table.
"Don't want you to get a sunburn." Jimmy mentioned.
That wasn't really the main purpose for erecting the structure over me, though.
"OK, guys. We need to get those hands out of the way."
They slid another rope through my wrist bindings and secured it. Andy climbed up onto the table, stood up, and passed the other end of the rope through the ring bolt at the top of the structure, then he pulled the rope, lifting my arms behind my back. As my arms were lifted, the pressure on my shoulders forced my torso down onto the table. When Jimmy decided that my hands and arms were sufficiently out of the way, they tied off the end of the rope.
"Two more things." Jimmy stated.
I felt the blunt tip of one of my butt plugs probing against my ass. They had taken out the one I was wearing earlier, so one of them could fuck my ass. As that was being pushed in, a large ball gag was thrust into my mouth, then buckled behind my head. As the plug sank in, it felt a bit different than a normal butt plug. Then I felt a steel rod lying on my lower back. Shit. It wasn't a butt plug. It was an anal hook. I felt him tying another piece of rope to the ring on the long end of the hook at the small of my back, then he threaded it through a ring at the back of my ball gag harness. He pulled the rope tight, then continued to pull until he pulled my head far enough up until I was looking straight ahead. Then he secured the rope.
"Normally, I don't like ball gags, because it takes away one of your holes for use. I prefer using either a ring gag or a spider gag. Those keep your mouth open and don't block the way for inserting a cock. If we do need to keep you quiet with one od those, we would just shove one of our cocks in your mouth. Unfortunately, we are outside, and I don't want to take the chance of any of our neighbors hearing your screams and calling the police."
I wasn't really sure what was about to happen, but I could make a couple of guesses. I recognized a couple of the toys he was using. The fact that the bite indentations on the ball gag exactly matched my teeth confirmed that Jimmy had somehow found my old toybox and liberated a few items. Aside from the ball gag, anal hook, and cut pieces of rope, I could only guess what else he took from the box. Was it the leather strap? Singel tail whip? Flogger? Crop (I had a few different ones)? Paddle? Cat-O-nine-tails? Or,,,,,
The question was suddenly answered as I heard the distinctive 'SWISH' of my thin bamboo cane cutting through the air. Shit. This was not good. Out of all my impact toys, this was the most painful.
"Yes, mom. I found your secret stash of toys. I actually found them a couple of year ago, but I kept it a secret until now. I wasn't really sure if this was something you still wanted, or if was something that you had given up before. Now that you have shown yourself to be the submissive slut that you are to me and all of my friends, I've decided that you really do want everything."
Obviously, with the ball gag in, I was unable to voice any objections.
"Now, you've been a bad girl by slutting yourself in front of all of my friends. Even more than that. You've been hiding your true self from me and everyone else. You need to be punished for that."
I faintly hear another 'SWISH' as the cane cut through the air. That was followed by a loud 'SMACK' as the cane struck flesh. Microseconds later, the agony of a line of hot lava across my unprotected ass registered in my brain. My body instinctively tried to lunge forward, away from the pain, but I was held fast to the edge of the table. Y scream of pain was muffled by the ball gag. Before I could recover from that strike, I felt another strike land slightly below the first strike. There was another slightly above the first strike, another below, then above. All in all, there were ten strokes of the cane on my ass before he finished. He laid the cane down in front of me on the table. It was my thinnest cane. That explained the agony. The thinner cane had less surface area to absorb the strike. Therefore, the smaller the surface area to absorb the strike, the more intense the pain in that limited surface area. This cane had a leather handle that was big enough to comfortably fit a hand and maintain a good grip. From the handle, a quarter inch diameter, three-foot long baboo reed emerged. After Jimmy laid the cane down in front of me, I felt two fingers being stuck up my cunt.
"Damn. It's a swamp down here. She's practically drooling."
OK, Yeah. I'm a bit of a pain slut. I have a high tolerance for pain, and it actually turns me on when it is applied in a sexual setting. Once the caning was over and they were convinced that there was no more reason for me to scream, they removed the ball gag. Little did they Know.
"FUCK ME. FUCK ME. SOMEONE STICK THEIR COCK IN ME AND FUCK ME!!!"
A pair of Hands gripped my hips, then a large cock was shoved deep into my cunt in one stroke. I began crying out in ecstasy as he started pounding away.
"Someone shut this slut up before the neighbors start looking over the fences." Jimmy said from behind me. Andy quickly climbed onto the table and shoved his cock into my mouth.
For the next hour, I was spit-roasted as they took turns rotating between my cunt and mouth. As soon as one would finish and pull out, another one was right there to plug in and continue. As aroused as I was from the caning and just being naked and constantly groped by these four young studs, plus the near constant fucking I was being subject to, I was almost constantly orgasming. I had also noticed that Jimmy had brought out my expensive digital camera from the house, and they had all taken turns taking pictures and videos of me. I would soon discover the nefarious purpose for those photos and videos. Eventually, they became temporarily satisfied and released me from my bondage.
"OK, slut." Jimmy stated. I immediately noticed that I was no longer 'Mom', now just called 'Slut'. "I have the grill warmed up and cleaned off, the steaks are thawed out with the rub already on them, the corn-on-the=cob is prepared and soaking in water, and the shrimp is seasoned and on skewers. You can wear the apron handing by the grill while you cook. I'll make a salad and pasta while you are cooking at the grill."
The apron wasn't very big. It really only protected my bare tits from any odd grease splatter. Of course it left my ass completely exposed, and it was easy enough for them to slip their hands underneath to fondle my tits, tweak my nipples and toy with my pussy. They all did that at every opportunity whenever one or more came over to check on me. I managed to time everything right, so it all came off the grill together. OK, the steaks came off about 10-minutes before everything else and were covered in foil to rest. The boys had pulled their swim trunks and t-shirts back on. After I finished with the grill, I removed the apron and hung it back up. We ate dinner out on the patio.
After dinner, I cleaned up while the boys relaxed. We had used paper plates, so those went into the trash. The leftovers went into Tupperware and into the fridge, while the plates and silverware went into the dishwasher. The remainder of the evening was spent swimming in the pool and relaxing in the hot tub. Yes, I sucked and fucked them throughout the evening, but they did allow me to relax in between. Eventually, we were all worn out, so we went to bed for the night. I, of course, slept naked.
The next morning, I got up, showered, brushed my teeth, put on a pair of 6-inch heels, then went down to make breakfast for the boys. I donned an apron first. Splattering bacon grease and bare tits do not go well together. Over breakfast, Jimmy explained the new rules to me. 1. I was now forbidden to wear clothes while I was at home, regardless of who was there. 2. I was now free use for anyone at the house. Whoever wanted to use me, in any way they wanted to use me, at any time. 3. He would be setting up a few social media accounts for me, and I would update those regularly with pictures and videos of me. Those would be used to drive people to a pay site that I would perform on. I was going to start my new career as a cam girl. He would be running the site for me, and I would be performing.
That was good, since I really knew very little about computers, but he was going to school to study Computer Science. He also had some other ideas as well. He had done some research and found that most cam sites only had the girl stripping and masturbating. Yes, I would be doing that too, but I would also be doing a few other things as well. The problem with most of those sites is that they tend to get kind of boring after a while. I mean, once you've seen a babe naked and masturbating a few times, it kind of gets a bit routine. No matter how beautiful and active you are, there are always other girls out there that are just as beautiful and energetic as you are. These girls get a subscriber for a month or two, then move on to a fresh face. In order to get new subscribers and keep them, you need something else that keeps their interest and holds it.
We got my cam site up and running. I made a few social media sites that I could post some of the tamer photos and videos on to drive subscribers to my pay site. The boys had a lot of fun tying me up in different positions, photographing and videoing me, then posting to those sites. Of course, after the pictures and videos were taken, I would be taken. Not that I ever complained about them fucking me before releasing me. Even if I had wanted to complain, the ball gag would prevent that.
I would mainly be naked or wearing something very slutty on camera. I would also strip and masturbate quite often. The difference was that I would also be having competitions, as well as other contests and interesting things for guys. I would hold watch parties on Monday and Thursday nights, as well as all day Sundays during football season. I would also hold watch parties during the NVAA men's basketball tournament. Nascar, races, Major golf tournaments, Olympic competitions, and whatever else we figured would draw interest. I would host fantasy football leagues, Superbowl squares, march madness brackets, and any other betting poos that we thought might be fun. Most of these extras would be free for subscribers, with the prize being a special video just for the winner, but some would be an extra charge for the serious competitors. There would be trivia contests, hosted by yours truly as the naked host. I would even have contests for anyone close enough for the winner to come over and spend the night with me. We even recruited a couple of local cam girls to come over an collaborate with me. Of course, they would always be in a dominant role. They would bind me in different positions, whip me, fuck me with strap-ons, have me lick their pussies and asses, etc. We even had videos of the boys gang banging me. The boys always wore ski masks to protect their identity, of course.
When I wasn't on camera, I was usually fucking whoever happened to be at the house. I should mention here that Rule 1 wasn't exactly as it was stated. I often did wear 'clothes' at home. Those included fishnet body stockings, crotchless, of course, Corsets with quarter cup or shelf bras built in, so my nipples were always uncovered and available. Any panties had to be crotchless. Garter belts and stockings were also allowed. No matter what I was wearing, my cunt, ass, and titties always had to be completely accessible.
Also, it was always my job to answer the door whenever anyone came by. It didn't take long for a couple of the neighbors who happened to be outside for them to see me nude in the doorway. Suddenly. I was swamped with my neighbors ringing my doorbell to try and get me to sign this petition or that petition. The eighteen-year-old kids from down the block would stop by regularly asking if I needed my lawn mowed or any other yardwork done. The bitches up the block showed up one morning asking if I would be interested in joining their Wednesday Morning coffee and book club meetings. Jimmy pissed me off when he told me to contact them and offer the use of my house for their meetings.
After that, there was not even the pretense. My neighbors would ring the doorbell, and simply walk into the house and drop their pants or pull up their skirts as soon as I opened the door. I told Jimmy about this after it happened a few times, and he decided to throw a neighborhood BBQ. I was the naked hostess, while he and his buddies manned the grill. I was too busy sucking cocks and licking pussies to be of much help to them.
It took a couple of months, but I built up a decent following on my pay cam account. Within 6-months, I was making over $10,000 a month off of my pay cam account. That was over double what I had been making as a receptionist at the law firm. I was actually able to go back to school and get my degree. I never actually used my degree, since I was making more money on my cam site than I would ever make using my degree in a real job. Besides, the three interviews that I went to made it clear that my job would include being the company whore. The HR department was obviously one of the subscribers to my cam site.
As you might guess, my cam site attracted quite a few perverts with some really kinky fantasies. I never lacked for suggestions and requests from them. I would look them over and even occasionally accept a request, for a modest fee, of course. One such request came in that really intrigued me. Since it was still summer, it would work out perfectly. I explained the idea and my take on it with the boys that evening after dinner and managed to overcome their objections to convince them to help. Well, maybe 'objections' is a bit strong of a word. 'Absolutely', 'Hell yeah', and 'When do we start?' were what they were saying as soon as I explained it to them. Unfortunately, I had to go over the details later, as they got so excited that I had a cock in my mouth almost constantly for the next couple of hours and couldn't talk.
OK, so what the request was consisted of a lone woman going camping. Her vehicle breaks down on the deserted road to the remote campsite. She is found by a group of evil men, taken to their campsite, and ravaged naked by them. Fortunately, I knew the perfect location for this. Friday, we loaded up my SUV and Jimmy's pickup with all our camping equipment, as well as my complete toy box. Jimmy went down to Lowes and bought a large reel of synthetic rope for the trip. You can never have too much rope. We left bright and early Saturday morning. Two of the boys were riding with me in my SUV,and Jimmy and the other one were in his truck following. We started off by taking a few tame pictures of me driving (supposedly alone) down the highway towards the campsite. As I was driving, I started to get horney just thinking about the week to cum... I mean Come. That led to more pictures and videos of me pulling my tits out and pulling the crotch of my shorts to the side as I was driving down the highway. We even got a pretty good picture of a truck driver staring at me as I passed him.
Eventually, we got to the turn-off. We meandered through back country roads, made several turns onto more and more remote dirt roads, until we were finally close to the campsite. It was a really remote area that very few people really even knew about. We were about a mile from the river and our ultimate destination when I pulled over and decided that we needed to begin. Jimmy turned around and drove his truck back and parked it out of site as the other boys and I began setting up.
We put one of those smoke pots from an old fireworks pack under the hood of my SUV, then had me drive slowly down the road with the white smoke pouring out from under the hood, like my vehicle had just broken down. The boys had gotten out of the car, so it only showed me driving alone. I got out and raised the hood to look for the problem. In the meantime, the boys hiked back to Jimmy's truck, got in, and drove down to where I was. We had the video camera set up on a tripod to catch me looking under the hood of my SUV as the truck with the boys pulled up behind my vehicle. The boys were all wearing baklavas to protect their identities, and we had removed the license plates from the vehicles as soon as were pulled o to the dirt road. The video showed me leaning into the engine bay as the boys snuck up behind me. The struggle was brief when they captured me. They quickly stripped me down to the sandals that I was wearing. The next segment showed me naked except for my sandals, hands tied in front of me and connected by a rope to the back of the pickup. They drove slowly ad I was forced to walk behind them to the campsite. We got hours of video over the week where I was bound to trees, over logs, to camp chairs, and in every way that can be imagined as the boys fucked me, whipped me, and did just about everything that you can imagine to a naked slave girl at a remote campsite. They cut thin branches and switches off of the trees and used them to whip my ass, thighs, tits, and cunt. They tied me straddled over tree branches with my cunt cruelly spread over the rough bark and digging into me. They hacked a sapling off about 10-inches above ground, smoother the top a bit. Then tied me in a sitting position with the sapling impaled in my ass. I even had to fuck a tree. There was a large tree with several branches that were between 1-inch and 2-inches I diameter. They cut one of the branches so it left about 8-inches of the branch sticking out of the tree trunk. They cleaned it off, smoothed it out and, shaped it a bit like a dildo. They then hung me from a bigger branch above that with my legs tied around the tree trunk and the shaped branch buried in my cunt. The boys used a vibrator on my clit and switches on my ass and tits to motivate me to hump the wooden dildo buried in my cunt. (like I really needed the motivation to fuck myself with a dildo.) That was just for the effect of looking like they were making me do it reluctantly.
There was even a scene that we hadn't scripted where two women unexpectedly showed up canoeing down the river. I had been bound to a tree right next to the water, so they couldn't help but see me. Curious, they landed at the riverbank to see what was going on. Once we explained the situation to them, and showed them my campsite, they asked if they could help. The boys gave them baklavas to hide their identity, then we began filming again. This time, it showed them in their baklavas paddling down the river, discovering my bound and naked, then taking the opportunity to use and abuse me beside the river. Their final scene showed them hurriedly jumping back into their canoe and escaping, leaving me bound to the tree as they escaped just as the boys were returning to camp. They returned later that evening and had some more fun with me. They left their contact information in case we decided that we wanted their help in any further videos. Saturday finally came, and we broke camp to return home. The rest of the weekend was spent editing the video. We infirmed the requestor, and after he had sent the money, we sent him the edited video. Jimmy then uploaded it to my website where subscribers could watch excerpts for free or buy the entire video for an extra charge. It became one of my highest selling videos. God, that week was a hell of a lot of fun. When we got back home, I began thinking up a sequel to that video.
So, I have just about to hit the SEND button on this biography to post it when Jimmy saunters up with a black-haired beauty wearing a microscopic thong and nothing else. I have 'retired' from my cam site, and Jmmy and his friends have joined me in Jamaca. Jimmy can work from anywhere as long as there is high speed internet access. He and his friends have set up an online brokerage firm, so they can all work remotely. I still have my cam sites, but I have backed off quite a bit as We don't really need the money anymore, I've made enough over the last several years that we can live like kings and queens down here for a long time. Add onto that, Jimmy's business brings in enough money that we don't even need to touch my nest egg. I bought our house after selling our old house in the States, I also invested in his friend's business to get it going, so I get a good income from that as well. Sure, one of my duties as a silent partner is to be entertainment for the occasional meeting with investors and occasional holiday parties, but I really enjoy those meetings anyway,
I stand up and strut to the black-haired beauty that Jimmy had brought to my house. I kneel down before her and utter the magic words, "Mistress, how may I serve you today?"
You may use your imagination on how this story ends from here. Should you wish to add anything onto this story, I ask that you at least have the integrity to include an acknowledgement about this story and me as the author in an introduction. Not that Literotica really cares about plagiarism. I had someone blatantly copy one of my stories. I reported it with facts and documentation, but nothing happened. He was allowed to post three more stories with nothing being done. His stories are still up, but Laurel and everyone else here just doesn't care about blatant plagiarism. All I can do is ask. It's obviously up to you if you care about whether or not intellectual rights are protected. This site obviously doesn't.
Now, as Vanbdemonium and LTlinbacker 56, The Bear, like to say (paraphrased) LIGHTEN THE FUCK UP:
What do you calol living in your car?
A-Ford-able housing.
A sperm donor, a carpenter, and Junious Ceasar walked into a bar.
He came, he saw, and he conquered.
Why doesn't NASA send cows into space?
Because the steaks are too high.