Margo Needy needed to blow off steam. After her dizzying sexual encounters with new roommates Eric Crowe, Brian Hancock, and Cabot Ross, those that she had secretly made separate deals with the Devil's themselves, she was both stoked and scared. Having slept on the deals to remain quiet and not let on that each of them had already had her, nerves were tensing up. Not from any fear of her actions being wrong, but of her desire to take it further once all four of the boys found out about the other. She loved teasing, she loved sex, but in the end where would her life go beyond that arena?
Even though she did have the freedom to make her own decisions, she did promise them to stay on course, play the long game, drive each friend crazy before giving in to them all completely. She knew very soon that all four men would be fucking her more often. She couldn't wait, yet she would. Even she found it erotic to make them crave her. Keeping them at bay was almost more fun than submitting. Not really. Fortunately, only Heath Talbot was left on the list.
No poolside treadmill today. No cardio bike in her indoor fitness room. Today Margo needed fresh air and sunlight. Her property line bordered wilderness here in the Pocono Mountains of Pennsylvania. Over their years living out here she and her late husband Darryl Needy had carved a foot path through the timber in multiple directions, for at least a weekly ritual of long-distance running. She if not Darryl when he was on the road coaching. Busy schedules limited more than that. Darryl was always on the move making a name for himself with championships. Sadly, it was the highway that took his life. In his honor Margo would still run every week in a three-mile circle back to their home, sometimes more to still her boredom. The wildlife was so relaxing. It gave her plenty of time to plan and sort out her emotions.
Alone with four young men was exhilarating even without the sex. Their desires feeding into her secretive passion to tease and flaunt. Eric Crowe was an incredible young lover. Being 31, with 32 just around the corner, and all four of the boys being 19, made her embrace the term, Cougar. She couldn't care less what anyone might think of her. Besides that, she really had no one in her life outside of her son Elliot, now overseas. These four strapping young lads ready to fulfill her every fantasy was orgasmic. She intended to keep them begging for more.
Her round trip run left her drenched in sweat, her tight white tank nearly see-through over her gloriously perky 40D's. There was no hiding her nipples, thick, meaty, and delectable, they were just plain perfect. Add that to Margo's loose white matching shorts with lace undies beneath them, the visual was breathtaking. Too bad the boys were all working today, with the exception of Heath Talbot that is. This was his sole day off from painting houses. As she ran past his beater Nissan Xterra, she slowed pace at her front porch steps. Breathing heavy she chose to sit down on the steps, stretching back on her elbows, and enjoy the morning.
Feeling a fanny pack on her hip vibrate she knew that she had a text. Unless it was Elliot, she had very few callers, let alone texts. Until the boys moved in. Now each of them checked on her faithfully. That and to flirt a bit. Most generally she kept her replies clean in order to maintain her guise as a reluctant landlady. This text was from Eric at least, of the four he was the most courteous. He whom bedded her yesterday, her third conquest of four.
"Heath home?" Eric wondered.
Heath had moved in late the night before instead of on his day off. He just wanted to relax without exertion. He was going to exert more than he anticipated very soon.
"Yes. I'm just getting back from a run. Unsure if he's asleep or up."
"Tease him hard. No sex."
"Of course, I will." She types giggling. "You really should just lay low and let me do my thing Mr. Crowe." It was really her choice in what she did, her deal was only meant to keep them quiet until she had seduced them all, then breaking to each that she was the ringleader in this house. The landlady would set her foot down afterwards. Or at least try.
"Right. Sorry Margo."
"Don't be sorry. I would prefer you never apologize again." She had told all of them that very same thing over and over, "Always say what you mean."
"Ok. I miss my dick inside you MILF."
"And I miss having it inside me. Soon enough. Let me terrorize your friends a bit longer."
"Do it. See you around 7:00. Wear something sexy."
"Just for my four young studs." She smiles nibbling her lower lip. "Until then..." Ending her text she hops up and makes her way inside. Entering the house, she kicks off her tennis shoes by the door and prowls the home in her socks, her first stop to quench her thirst with a tall glass of ice water.
With the heat index breaking all the rules she truly wanted to turn on the central air. Gravitating toward the thermostat she considers both the positive and the negative. Money was tight even with the boys having just paid rent. All of their money needed to be set back to pay the property taxes which were astronomical with an estate this large. Darryl's life insurance payout was almost exhausted, including the money he had contractually earned through the university. The boys opted to band together to keep the internet and satellite dish cable active. That was nice of them.
Cabot had volunteered to pay the extra power to run the air until she showed him a year-old bill when the air was in use. The staggering number made him change his mind. He wasn't making that much money even if the boys split the extra charges four ways. Fans and open windows it was. Margo was barely hanging on. She knew that sooner or later she would have to sell everything off, now she almost regretted selling off an inactive RV that sat next to the eight-car garage until this past fall when she sold it to stay afloat. She could have lived in it but no not anymore. Darryl's antique cars out in the garage, memorabilia, all of it might have to go. It was a horrible thought to explore.
Cabot had mentioned that she should turn the estate into a Bed and Breakfast. While an interesting option, again the money to renovate the place to accommodate the weekend rentals had to come from somewhere. Her not working meant most banks would consider her a high risk. Even with her resume and being the widow of a well-regarded college coach, and high paid athlete in his youth.
Old contacts from her modelling days were offering her small favors but sadly in the world of fashion, she even only at 31 was outdated. Looks or no looks, nobody knew who she was anymore. All because she chose to be with Darryl and Elliot fulltime. She didn't regret her decision, Elliot was her pride and joy, adopted or not, he was hers. Now he was gone from her life as well. All she had left was this estate, and four studs to occupy her time. For now, that was enough.
"I need a shower." She eyes her sweat stains. Even her beautiful mane was frazzled. Prying herself away from that evil, tempting thermostat she headed upstairs. Reaching the top of the stairs she passed by each of the spare bedrooms that the boys had to pick from. At Elliot's room she opened his door and looked inside. Just seeing some of his things made her tear up. It had only been a little over a week now since he had gone off to study in France, yet it seemed like a year. Regretfully she had to close the door before bawling her eyes out. She didn't even want to recall what Cabot revealed to her about her very own son's crush on her. That information was best left as unheard of.
Finding Heath Talbot's door open she snuck a peek inside expecting it to be in disarray. Not even a pop can sitting anywhere. It appeared all of the boys were the closest thing to being neat freaks that any woman could ask for. She was proud of them. That was one of her biggest fears, that they would trash the place. Respect went both ways it appeared.
"I wonder where Heath is?" With two extra bathrooms upstairs outside of her own private on suite, she found both to be unoccupied. Again, the restrooms were spotless. Did they hire a maid? Shrugging, she started for her own bedroom when she heard the creaking of footsteps. Down at the far end of the upstairs hallway was Darryl's private office. Surely, Heath had not entered without permission. Eyes narrowing, she shuffles toward the office and finds the door ajar. Listening she hears the sound of paper being sorted through. What the hell? Tempted to barge in and order him out she hesitated. Suddenly, she hears Heath mumbling.
"Fuck she's hotter now than she was in her 20's."
Surprised by his comment she realized that Heath had found the magazines of Margo's modelling days that Darryl kept on exhibit along with his other trophies. She hoped that Heath hadn't dug deeper and found other things that Darryl had hidden away to prevent Elliot from ever finding them. Darryl adored Margo and the beauty that she exuded. Unknown to most, Darryl rather liked showing off his wife in private adventures. Weekends away where Margo often did things, she might not have found pride in, but Darryl did. Pride in her. She... evolved and greedily grew to enjoy it. The sex with others at Darryl's command was incredible. Serving Darryl made her ecstatically happy. Then... he was gone. As was her fun, her desire to do things without him ended that day. Only raising Elliot and breathing was important.
That was then, this is now. Should she step in and scold Heath for his snooping? The office was off limits unless she was in there first, like the day Eric stepped in. Lingering a bit longer she heard the distinct sound of a zipper. Brows rising out of suspicion, she hugged the threshold awaiting further sounds that came quicker than expected. The shushing noise of pants dropping she predicted, the soft crushing noises of leather being sat on, obviously the sofa residing toward the center of the office, where Darryl would often nap. More paper noises led to another transition of low spoken words.
"Goddamn she makes my dick hard."
Margo couldn't resist smiling, she loved to be the center of attention, to be lusted over. She would wait awhile longer before busting him. The longer she stood there the further she realized that Heath was jerking off to her pictures. Hearing soft moans, she nibbles a nail and tries peeking through the crack along the door hinges. With the sofas back against her sightline all she could witness was the top of his head and a bit of the magazine he was holding before him. She really hoped that he wouldn't ruin the magazine, they were hard to find in order to ever be replaced. The more she stood there that risk was going to be inevitable. Ever so carefully Margo eased the door open enough to enter unnoticed, silently returning it to appear how he left it.
"I want to fuck you so bad Margo." Heath hissed jerking off like a madman. She tiptoed behind the couch back and hovered there, leering over it to see his cock in hand.
"Good lord!" Her eyes flared, "His cock is bigger than Eric's. Definitely not Brian's though. Brian's a God." Even with Brian on her thoughts she found herself glued to watching Heath be rough on his beast.
"Spread those legs bitch." He huffs making her poise a brow at being referred to as a bitch. She rather liked that nickname. Funny that the photo he was looking at had nothing to do with sex, it was only lingerie in a standing pose.
"I wonder what Eric might want me to do in this case. Or Brian and Cabot." She nibbles her bottom lip yearning a bit for the cock before her. She was her own woman, yet she agreed with the other three to abstain from sex with the others until later and merely tease harder than hell. Of course, that promise was long broken. Something she could lie about and come clean later. Not that she regretted fucking Eric, but even he was intended to be only tempted. They all were. Her hormones got in the way every time. After hours with Eric, she even seduced Brian and Cabot a second time because of her insatiable appetite. Neither Brian, nor Cabot knew of her with the other. Everything was going so very perfect.
"This is my show." She heard him arrogantly hiss, "I do what I please and you will like it." Puckering her lower lip at his authoritative response she trembled. For a brief moment it was as if his voice was Darryl's from beyond the grave. He would often speak to her in such ways.
Slithering her jogging shorts down to her toes she steps out of them. Wearing red lace panties, she stood behind him avidly tempted to acknowledge her presence, holding her tongue awhile longer. Instead, Margo chose to run her fingers down her panties and touch herself. It did not take long to stimulate her sensitivity, her legs shaking. Switching hands within to enable herself to taste her juiciness, she worried that her perfume might be noticed, but so far, his mind was lost to anything other than masturbating. In her trembling stature she lifts her tank up to expose and play with her left nipple. All he would need to do was look back and he would see her.
"Oh my god!" She expressed desire, "Riding that cock would be wonderful."
"That's right, ride that cock you sexy MILF." Heath's words struck her like a bolt of electricity, as if he had read her mind, combined with the other boys' favorite nickname for her... MILF. She rather enjoyed that term too. Her tortured clit lost fingers in favor of insertion. Hiding her moans through tightly pressed lips she let him make all the racket. He was getting close to firing off a massive load, enforcing deep guttural grunts between playful words.
"Even with smaller tits you were gorgeous." He grumbles. She agreed, although she preferred her amplified additions. These monsters attracted so much more attention. Something that Darryl wanted from her. He loved showing her off to other men, making them envy him every single time. "I'd love to smell your panties."
"So wet." She melts at her own touches, eyelids quivering at wanting to cum herself. Wait Margo, wait, she told herself.
Heath tilts his head back against the cushion, his eyes closed for a moment as he lowers the magazine resting it on the cushion beside him. Eying it and his closed eyes she considers mischief. Deciding then and there to take her red panties off and slyly reach over without putting noticeable weight on the couch to retrieve her magazine and replace it with her lace panties. This would definitely inform him of her entrance. Managing to escape without detection she held her breath trying not to laugh. This would be priceless.
"Fuck! I just want to make love to you so freaking bad Margo. NO! I WANT TO BREAK YOUR WILL AND MAKE YOU MY SLUT." He growls. In his duress he reaches for the magazine for one last dream visual before unloading, his hand settling on the panties. Looking up, then over at the unexpected source of what he was touching, his eyes bulge. "What the hell?"
Before he can react, further Margo reaches out over the sofa back and palms her hands over his eyes. "If you resist me, I'll kick you out." She whispers.
"Margo?" He whimpers turning his head from side to side with her blinders along for the ride. He could smell the scent of pussy on her fingertips. The wetness on the bridge of his nose. Even the possibility of getting pink eye was worth it in the moment.
"Keep stroking." She prompts him.
"You're not mad I'm... fantasizing about you?" His earlier egotism relaxed out of fear that she might boot him out before he had the chance to enjoy her. Ego shut the hell up. Not forever, but at this moment in time.
"Hardly. Do it whenever you feel the need."
"Shit! I'm kind of embarrassed now."
"Put my panties to your nose and keep stroking Mister Talbot. Do not look back at me."
"So awesome." He lays back allowing her to relax her arms, her hands still over his eyes. Placing her freshly worn panties to his nostrils he inhales, then sighs loudly, "CHRIST YOU SMELL GOOD."
"I taste even better. However, that is not in the cards." She directs, then realizes her fingers were still damp from fingering herself, "Well, maybe a sample. Open your mouth." He does, allowing her frolicking hand to place fingers on his tongue. She gets a case of the chills as he licks her fingertips. Like a starving child he sucks on them holding her firmly between tightly pressed lips. "Do you like that, Heath?" His feverish nod spoke volume. "Good. Now cum for me." She watches his hand destroy his cock, his crown staring up at her as if winking its gratefulness. Two minutes later Heath Talbot detonates a creamy stream of several missiles out over his abs and pecs.
"Don't open your eyes." She releases him, claiming both of her hands to stand up. Sensually she lifts her tank top up over her head and off. Margo Needy was now only wearing socks. Reaching back over the couch, her breasts crush against the cushion, fingers running through his hair.
"I knew you wanted us." He chuckles, keeping his eyelids sealed to enjoy her travels.
"I never said I didn't. Now that Elliot isn't here I don't have to behave like a dedicated mother. Do not read into what I'm doing here Heath. I'm merely offering what I'm willing to give. Think otherwise? It's your fantasy, not mine."
"I'm good with whatever you offer." He laughs nervously. For now! Taking what he wanted was eventually going to happen if he had his way. Biding his time, he would offer her what she wanted to hear.
"That goes for both of us." Her hands leave his scalp and massage his shoulders, "I do believe I owe you this massage. You gave me one on the way to see Elliot off."
"You like my massage in the truck?"
"Of course."
"I almost had your tits out twice."
"Yes, almost. That was fun." Her hands slide from his shoulders over his chest, nails teasing his flesh. In the process his wet milky cum is gathered up on her fingertips, as one hand leaves his chest. Licking her fingertips of his leftovers she closes her eyes and moans, "You have a minty taste."
"You just tasted my jizz? HELL YEAH! Plenty more on my cock if you..."
"Shhh! Take what I offer, not what you demand."
"Right!" That did not settle well with his ego but this early he let it slide, " Sorry! God, I love you, Margo. Coolest MILF ever." Play on her emotions Heath, you're the man.
"Thank you, Heath. I'm... going to enjoy having you boys... around."
"Oh, fuck." He huffs hearing her sensuality taunting him. His hand returned to his cock reviving what little erection he had lost in talking.
"That's a good boy. You should keep it that big all the time."
"Bet on that after today." He sighs.
"Heath?" She whispers.
"Yeah?"
"Can I trust you not to look at me, or do I need to blindfold you?"
"Tough question. I want to see you."
"Not allowed. Like Medusa of myth, if you look at me, I'll make you a garden gnome on my front lawn. That would not nearly be as much fun as staying under my roof. Now, would it?"
"No. I want to stay here with you."
"Blindfold?"
"No. I'll keep my eyes sealed. I swear."
"Failure is not an option Mister Talbot."
"Fuuuuucckk! Give me a blindfold."
Giggling she takes her panties from him and pulls them over his face. Being lace and see through she adds her tank top over them for an added bonus. If he could see through both garments, it would be a silhouette at best. The room was gloomy offering an untimely assist.
"There! Return to your stroking."
As he grumbles over being blinded, she steps around the sofa and moves the other magazines of her photo shoots from the coffee table. Taking a seat directly across from him she props her heels on the sofa cushion between his legs. Rubbing toes along his upper thighs made him tremble.
"Tickles." He moans faintly.
"Your balls look full. How is that possible after cumming so much already?" Her toes taunt his scrotum shifting them about.
"I guess you do that to a guy. Refill the gas tank that is."
"I like hearing that. I expect lots and lots of cum as part of that invisible lease agreement."
"My pleasure."
"You have a very noble looking cock, Heath." She decides to use both sets of toes to pry his hands away from his beast, allowing her room to massage his cock with both feet. "Have you measured him?""
"7.5! 8 on a day like this." He boasts. "That feels awesome Margo."
"Of course! I have many talents. I can brag as well." She whispers softly to maintain the erotic atmosphere.
"Can't wait to find out what those talents are."
"Perhaps someday. Live for the moment Mister Talbot. The future is uncertain."
"You sound like a gypsy." His cock was throbbing under her toes, making her eyes flare with intensity.
"I'm going to play with myself Heath. You may continue jacking off for me." Easing her feet away she lands her feet on the edge of the table and begins fingering herself. "Mmmm! How many fingers do you think I have inside my pussy?"
"Holy shit! Two?"
"Good guess. I'm too tight for more than two." Oh, she could fit more easily, it was all about the mental visual.
"Shit! My dick is thicker than two fingers. Could be four."
"That would be curious." She whimpers with a yearning expression. That dick was magnificent. Sadly, not Brian's. They all had really big dicks. That gypsy didn't see her fortune coming.
"Sure, you don't want to hop on?"
"I'm... sure." No, she wasn't. Her heartbeat was pounding at its allure.
"Not even as a taste? On and off?"
"Don't do that to me Heath." She cries within her thoughts, "Eric said the same thing. Resist Margo, resist." She was intent on toughing it out.
"Sit next to me at least? Maybe hold my hand?"
"Not this time Heath. Just picture me masturbating naked in front of you."
"Grrrr! I've been doing that even before you walked in. Dammit! I should have brought some lube. I'm drying out. Spit on my cock for me? Seeing as my face is covered."
"I can do that. Remove your hand." She leans forward then has a brilliant idea. Fingers dipping deep into her wetness she juices her palm then reaches over to wrap her fingers around his girth. Spreading her juices all along his beast for three lofty rotations she removes her hand.
"I didn't hear you spit."
"I didn't. You're wearing my pussy juice."
"WHAT? OHHHH, FUCK." He jerks off harder than ever. His reaction made her giggle. "Should be your pussy. Should be your pussy. Should be your pussy."
Laughing at his chant she smiles deciding to go ahead and sit on the couch next to him, her back to the opposing arm rest. Stretching out a bit she places one foot on his knee, the other propped up on his shoulder.
"You joined me. Awesome!"
"Heath?" She softly speaks while burrowing fingers within her gorgeous pink pussy.
"Yeah?"
"Tell me what Brian, Cabot, and Eric think of me." As if she didn't already know. Any other secrets told might give her a hint of that which she wasn't aware of.
"Seriously? They fantasize about you as much as I do. Brian told me about breakfast in bed. That was hot. Did they turn you on?"
"It was only breakfast." She hides her false nightmare to make it more erotic. She had only performed like that because neither Cabot nor Brian knew the other had already tapped the Cougar. Both boys had kept their word about not bragging to the other. If they had talked, they were playing her own game. She believed they were keeping her secret.
"They said you..."
"They said I what?"
"Masturbated while they watched."
"What? I was unaware of that. I... had dreams of my husband... I did touch myself. Did they... enjoy themselves?" Of course, they did.
"FUCK, YES! Who wouldn't? You're beyond any Goddess Margo."
"Sweet talker."
"Only being honest."
"Thank you."
"Can I ask you something now?"
"Anything."
"On the truck ride... did you... hope we would massage you everywhere?" Where had she heard that one before? She shook her head. Everywhere but her pussy and tits as it was.
"The thought was there... but so was Elliot. I would have stopped it."
"Yeah, but on the way home."
"I entertained the idea of allowing it. However, my emotions got in the way. It would have been traumatic at the time."
"Yet when you had Brian stop to let you take a piss on the interstate, you took your panties off and gave them to Jeff."
"Teasing. At one point I hoped you all might get... handy, I suppose you did, I recall my dress was more of... a sash about my waist. My tranquilizers blurred my judgment. Those days are over." Not even close she thought in hiding her desires.
"Are they? Look at what you're doing right this minute. You're just inviting us. Me at least. Unless... you're doing this to the others too." He faced her even blinded.
"I am not." It was better to lie for the moment.
"Why me?"
"Because I felt generous. Quite horny actually. Hearing you mention my name as you masturbated, then seeing you use a magazine photo as inspiration... drew me in."
"Can I borrow some pictures so I can blow them up into posters for my bedroom?" He chuckles.
"I would be honored. Just respect the magazines. No creases or dare I say it, pages stuck together."
"Maybe those photo printed bed sheets you can order with your picture on it?" She giggles and uses her foot resting on his shoulder to gently nudge his face playfully. "That way I can dry fuck you at least."
"Stop." She laughs, "That's too funny."
"I'm serious Margo. If that's the only way I get to sleep with you, I'm cool with it."
"Heath?"
"Uh huh?"
"I'll make you a deal."
"I'm listening."
"If you can keep today a secret, I'll consider doing it more often. I don't want the other boys to try anything. I need time to trust all of you more than I already do." They keeping her secret at least gave her an idea of their trustworthiness.
"So, lie to my boys? Not brag about this."
"For now."
"You'd evict me if I blabbed?"
"I have no desire to evict any of you. I... want you here." She pointed at her vulva as if he could witness it.
"Want us here or WANT US?"
"Hush Heath. I'm not answering that question."
"You said anything. Be honest."
She removes her fingers and licks them eying his beast, he was barely jerking off talking so much. Lowering her feet, she repositions to sit Indian style on the sofa facing him. The silence of her actions worried him.
"Margo?"
"I'm here."
"I know that. Did I offend you getting too personal?"
"Not really. I'm just trying to sort my life out. Having you boys here makes me feel safe. I hope that's true. If you all seem to want me, I'm not so sure I really am safe."
"None of us would ever hurt you, Margo."
"I want to believe that."
"Have I peeked? No. I won't either."
"But can you keep this between us?"
"Yeah... I know I can."
"Answer me this... let's say I did have sex with you... or say Brian... would either of you become obsessive and demand more?"
"Brian is crazy... once he gets a taste of you, he's going to want it three times a day." Hearing this she bites her lip thanking the Sex Gods for small favors.
"And you?"
"Do I want you bad enough for more than once?"
"Yes."
"Margo... just point me to your bed I'll be there. On your terms, nothing pushy." Oh, he would grow to be pushy. Count on that!
"I like that answer." Her toes tease his chest. "What about Cabot and Eric?"
"Let me just say, if you gave in to us you could have one of us every day for a very long time. Easily the entire six months until Elliot comes home."
"Only one of you?" She sighs, her other toes teasing his scrotum, fluffing it up.
"Dang Margo, you sound greedy. Greedy Needy!"
"I've missed sex since Darryl's been gone. Raising Elliot this last year by myself has kept me isolated out here alone. Very, very alone. I love sex more than I could ever make you understand. Darryl... when he was home, gave me more than any wife could ever expect. He was incredible in bed." She pauses, "You need to work on that erection Heath." She notices him listening more than stimulating it.
"Oh, yeah!" He returns in full force.
"That's better. As I was saying... Darryl would often take me away on trips and show me off."
"Exhibitionist?"
"Yes. He... loved watching me play in impossible places. Quite often he put his reputation on the line in public. We were never once... turned in."
"Public display?"
"Yes. He would dare me to strip in clubs. Blindfold me and release me among... I really shouldn't be telling you these things. I don't want any of this information reaching Elliot's ears. He would be crushed." She was curious if Heath would talk about her son as Cabot had.
"I don't know if crushed would be the word. Not to betray Elliot but he isn't an angel. He likes porn like the rest of us."
"Yes, but hearing of his mother being so... slutty..."
"Awwwww maaaan! I can't betray Elliot." Sure, he would, just not now when he needed her to trust him.
"Tell me... I know you boys did not befriend my son without ulterior motives. You did it to get close to me. I'm not naïve Heath."
"Kind of true. Elliot grew on us though." He falters stroking his cock again.
'OH, FOR GOD'S SAKE. GIVE ME THAT."
Margo sits up leaning over his lap and spits in her hand twice before claiming his penis within her grasp. Jerking him feverishly while cupping his balls Heath Talbot rests back feeling lousy for letting his thoughts abandon his erection.
"What changed your mind?" He hisses.
"Unlike you I can talk and touch myself at the same time." She snickers. "Has Elliot ever heard you guys talk about me? Did he know you wanted me?"
"We made crude comments all the time, but we respected you too. At first we teased him a lot but then we sort of pumped him for info on you."
"Like what?"
"Asked if you ever did any nude modelling."
"I have done some private shots. I'm certain there are a few portraits in other men's homes. Darryl loved taking pictures. I can honestly say I miss that."
"I love photography." He chuckles.
"I would let you take pictures of me when you prove to me, you're trustworthy."
"I'll earn your faith in me."
"What did Elliot say about the nude modelling?"
"He told us... maaaan don't make me do this."
"If you want to cum on my tits, I expect honesty."
"Whoa! Seriously?"
She unseats herself and kneels between his legs to begin using both hands on his beast. Her tits poised on his thighs.
"Daaaamn! Titty fuck me?"
"Answer my question."
"He said he found a photo album of nudes in your husband's office here. An album devoted all to you."
"Did you search for the album?"
"Not really. I just got here last night. Temptation might have made me snoop in the future though. Just leveling with you."
"I know where that album is. Perhaps a treasure hunt is in the future." She smirks playfully.
"I'm down for that."
"And, UP for these?" She lets his cock go in order to lift closer and smother his erection between her breasts. The feel of her tits made him exhale loudly.
"Can I fuck them?"
"As long as you keep filling me in on what I want to know."
"Open book. Open photo album." He laughs, "Fuck it ask me anything?"
She watches his hips rise and fall between her compressed melons, the tip of his dick taunting her chin. The sensations made them both sigh.
"So, my son has seen me naked."
"Oh, hell yeah. He may not brag about it but he admitted to seeing you... masturbate. He even took video of you with his cell."
"Why would Elliot do that?"
"You only adopted him, Margo. He's a red-blooded American male just like us. He lusted over you a little, I think. Well, a lot."
"Did he play the video for any of you?"
"No. He said he deleted it. We weren't sure he ever really recorded you. Fuck this feels good."
"Yes, it does."
"Why are you so interested in Elliot seeing you?"
"I suppose I never knew my son as well as I thought I did."
"He loves you."
"I have no doubt. Perhaps a bit more than an adopted son should."
"Can you blame the guy? You're fucking sexy as hell."
"The night of Elliot's going away party..."
"What about it?"
"When you all dumped those coolers of ice water over Elliot and I. Did... his other graduating classmates..."
"Like seeing you in that wet see-through dress? You know the answer to that."
"Was that planned?"
"Yeah, it was Brian's idea. Of course, we didn't know you would be wearing a thin white sundress with no underwear. My turn to ask... was that planned?"
"It was a hot night. Hotter with a bonfire going."
"Was it planned?"
"Yes."
"You wanted us to fantasize about you, didn't you?"
"Yes."
"Is that why you wore a similar dress on the way to the airport?"
"Yes."
"You wanted to turn us all on?"
"YES."
"You want to fuck all of us, don't you?"
"YES HEATH... YES. But I can't..." She sighs heavily, "Let me discover that trust first."
"Holy shit!" He sits stunned.
"Did... your other classmates enjoy my dancing in front of the fire?"
'Oh, yeah! Graduates of Hard on High School, Class of 2018. They didn't call us the Wildwood Oaks of Penisylveinya for nothing." He laughs. Their team was not the Oaks. He merely jested.
"That's very funny."
"Do I detect interest in more than the four of us living here with you?"
Unwilling to answer that possibility, she sighs loudly easing away from his cock. Disappointment immediately became evident. Troubled slightly Margo flicks his crown with her index finger to watch it dance. He was staying nice and hard now.
"Don't move."
Standing up she stretches a bit before crawling up on to his lap. Palms planted on his chest she sits back with his cock wagging high, allowing it to touch her labia.
"Are you going to...?"
"Shhhhhhhhhhh!"
Easing on to him without using her hands to guide him in she gasps, as did he.
"Fuck!"
"Shhhhhhhhhhhh!"
Gently she lowers, giving her pussy a chance to enjoy the invader. Reaching his balls in her descent she feels them mash against her thighs. Warm and cozy she remains there as his beast throbs within. Closing her eyes to bask in her fulfillment she feels his heart racing under her palms. Relaxed, she lifts her palms away and moves them to his face. He was too afraid to even touch her hips.
Lifting her shirt and panties above his lips she leans in and kisses him with a hint of passion. He absorbs her attentions, welcoming it with exhales of contentment. For three long minutes they kissed warmly. Suddenly, Heath grew bolder and put his own palms on her back and draws her too his chest, her monster melons crushing against him. He sighed heavily into her mouth, as did she within his.
Leaving it up to his decisions she sat there enjoying this tender moment. Thoughts lost in a brief romantic intermission. His right hand running up under her hair to palm her neck seemed the thing to do. Scenting her own panties made Margo roll her eyes back. Not even her sweat on the garments ruined her allure.
A thrust begins on Heath's part, Margo whimpering slightly. As he increased his movements she tensed up, his crown striking her G-spot so gloriously perfect. Even blinded he just knew she was beautiful and adoring this moment. He couldn't make himself fuck her any harder, desiring instead to offer a hint of love making. The respect was being earned. After his three friends doing their damnedest to destroy her, this newest lover could very well be the best of the four. At least he cared enough not to be so aggressive. Not that aggression didn't turn her on, it did. With her emotions all over the place this past week, this was sorely needed. The Cougar purred. Heath Talbot was just promoted to favorite pussycat. Oh, Margo, the tiger is merely pacing. Foolish slut!
For forty minutes she let him do all the work. Cumming joyously while stealing each other's breath. He too was granted the opportunity to cum inside her. No screams. Just contentment. "Thank you." She whispers, kissing his earlobe. After a moment to listen to his breathing she decides to remove his blindfold. Shocked that his eyes were still sealed tight she smiles and kisses his nose. "You can open your eyes."
"I don't think I will. Trust starts here."
Another passionate kiss shared, she eases off of his cock, and crawls from his lap. Standing up she looks down at his drooling crown and leans forward to lick the cum from his urethra. Savoring his sample, she kisses his dick and walks away. Even as he sat there, he never once turned around.
"I'll see you at dinner."
"Frozen pizza?" He offers.
"Salad for me."
At the door she lingers, hugging it with an expression of respect.
"Heath?" She whispers just loud enough.
"Yes?"
"Three things..."
"What are those?"
"One... like I said, please don't abuse my magazines. I don't want the pages wrinkled or sticking together."
"Got it." Heard the first time.
"Two... that couch is leather. There's a can of leather upholstery cleaner in the pantry."
"I'll get right on that."
"Three... Yes."
"Yes?"
Hearing nothing but the door closing he fidgets, eyes still sealed to be certain he wasn't being tested. "Yes, what?" He pondered. After a minute or two to think about it he concluded her response was due to his earlier question. "She's interested in more than us four. Whoa!" Surely that was the true test of his loyalty. If he kept that to himself, she would trust him. Right? Eyes open he found himself speechless. "Damn that was hot."
From her bedroom Margo Needy thought the same. "Let's leave this all to simmer a bit longer before I let them all in on each other. Build the tension until none of us can stand it any longer. I want them to..." Her fingers attack her pussy as she lays in bed imagining the swarm of attention, they might attack her with. Even Heath could hear her screams down the hall from the office. Panting still, he realized something, she had left all of her clothes behind. Gathering them he left the office and stepped to her sealed bedroom door. Listening to her rallying cries of ecstasy he had to jerk off one last time, her red panties corked over his crown. As she climaxes with deafening decibels, he snarls and unloads into her panties. With a smug expression Heath dangles her panties on her doorknob and leaves her tank and shorts on the floor.
Waiting for him to leave Margo having heard him outside her door nibbles a nail. Shadow leaving, she leaps up and stands at her door listening until she heard Heath's door close. Quietly opening her door, she grabs her clothing, discovering the dangling red thong last. Retrieving it she feels the wetness and brings it to her nose as if smelling a flower, eyes bright and sparkling. Door sealed she leans her back to it and enjoys the scent of his cum.
"He just made the wait that much harder. Mmm! You can do this Margo. Create the tension a while longer. Four down." She concludes her plan just that fast. "Four more to go." What that meant would start tomorrow.
Now? Showerhead time.