Author's note: Though this story is part of a series devoted to my wife,**This is a stand-alone story**and is the first half of an epic tale. My wife wrote the portion about the Statue Room, which was very eye-opening for me and added a whole new paradigm to our sex life IRL. She also described each of the participants in Room VI per her real-life fantasies.
The story's first third is more about us reconnecting romantically and sexually exclusively with each other. The group sexy times begin following the divider----- CLUB AURORA -----, so if that's what you're after, skip the opening pages. This is definitely my wildest story to date and quite different from my romantic ones. I wrote it for my wife, but posted it here for you. Enjoy.
My job took me away from my loving wife for 7-11 months, and the time away was pure torture. We talked as much as we could—which was about once every two weeks—and mail was three weeks each way. But this was what I'd trained my whole life to do, so I wasn't bothered by it, and my wife was very supportive the whole time, sending me everything from food to love notes and even a couple DVDs of porn, which shocked my buddies. Most of their wives didn't have quite the same attitude about their husband's sexuality as Tori does. Their loss.
Toward the end of the business trip, I got an email from Tori titled, "I Found What We're Doing When You Get Back." The only content was a URL and the word "[password]." Clicking it the link, I was taken to a generic Members-Only webpage with a blinking text box. Intrigued, I typed "[password]" and hit ENTER. A page opened, still without pictures, titled, "CODE OF CONDUCT." As I read, my eyes widened.
The "code" explained the specific rules and acceptable behavior for Club Aurora, Las Vegas' premier sex club. The dryly written and systematic list of rules did little to suppress my growing excitement about the unbelievable opportunities opening to my world, restrictions notwithstanding.
"By agreeing to this code of conduct, you are acknowledging the establishment's laws, and that you will be subject to dismissal if they are not obeyed. Dismissal is non-negotiable and final, and results in instant revocation of membership."
Yeah, I can live with that. -click- I AGREE.
The next page loaded as far as "Welcome to Club Aurora" and a picture of a swank nightclub, but the weak bandwidth on the ship soon crashed and shut down the site. Frantic attempts to try again all failed, and over the next few weeks as we sailed back across the Atlantic any other attempts failed as well.
Landfall was amazing; everyone with a loved one waiting for them had intense, joyful reunions. The single guys met up with friends and carpooled out, most heading straight to bars and strip clubs. America truly is the greatest country in the world and we were glad to be home again.
Tori was wearing a breezy summer dress, her stylishly cut, night-dark brown hair hanging down almost to her butt. She smiled tearfully and squeezed the breath out of me. "Welcome home, my love," she said, sniffling and smiling.
"Wow, I don't see you for almost a year and the first thing you do is start crying. How I have missed you..."
She laughed and slapped my shoulder, looking up at me pathetically. "I missed you, babe! I'm happy to see you!"
"Then stop crying, idiot! I'm here!" I kissed her deeply.
"C'mon...I have a LOT more in store for you," I said, turning her toward the parking lot and smacking her butt.
We drove home holding hands, looking back and forth at each other to confirm we were really here together again. As soon as we got home,
I took Tori by the hand and dragged her into the house.
"Wait for me in the bedroom," I said, reaching down to untie my boots. My flightsuit was next, then my shirt, socks, and underwear. I strode into the bedroom. My wife was standing in front of the bed, the flush on her chest growing as she saw my naked form coming at her. I firmly pushed her onto the bed, kneeling between her legs as we began kissing with all the longing of months of separation.
I worked my cock under the hem of her dress, sliding it up between her thighs until I reached her slit. As requested, it was naked, and I could feel that it was baby-smooth. "You waxed for me, didn't you?"
She smiled and nodded, and I was done with waiting. Leaning back on my haunches, I took hold of the dress above her breasts and ripped it open down the front, revealing her naked body beneath. Wrapping her legs around me, I leaned back down on top of her and started kissing again. My throbbing cock pressed against the lips of her pussy, slowly working her juices around the head as she grew wetter.
She was moaning into my mouth as her hands ran up and down my back. Her hips were grinding down onto my dick, and inch by inch I worked it into her. I couldn't believe how tight she felt...she must not have played with any of her toys recently in preparation for my return. Soon I was buried in her, and I slowly began picking up the rhythm as we made love for the first time in months.
The familiar sensations and almost-forgotten memories of each other came flooding back, and soon my balls were slapping on her ass as I thrust into her with all of the desperate love and insatiable lust within my soul. Her cries of ecstasy were loud and constant, mixed with my grunts and hard breathing. So long denied, neither of us lasted long, nor did we try to. We needed each other, and we climaxed simultaneously with a physical and emotional intensity matching our last time together, but this time the tears streaking her rapturous face were for joy.
Our movements slowed and we fought to get our breathing under control. Tori has cried during love-making in the past, and usually I give her a hard time about making me feel guilty or self-conscious about being a bad lover, but today I just kissed her tenderly.
"Hey, you."
She sniffed again and looked up at me. "Hi."
"I love you."
She teared up again and hugged me with both her arms and legs, pulling me down on top of her. "I missed you so much, darling! I can't believe you're here."
'Believe it," I said as I flexed my softening cock inside her. She laughed, which caused her to snot a little on my shoulder.
"Oh, gross, woman, what the hell? I don't see you in forever, and you blow your nose on my arm?" I asked, smiling.
"Shut up!" She grabbed a new corner of her dress and cleaned off my arm. "I liked this dress."
"You like me more."
"Maybe."
I smirked at her. "And you like what I did to your dress." '
She tried not to smile. "Maybe."
With the need temporarily sated, my mind turned to the other thing that had been burning for the last few weeks.
"Okay, tell me what that club is. I couldn't enter the website because it was too much for the ship's internet. How did you find it, how are we already members...tell me everything."
She looked up at me, surprised. "You couldn't log on? I'm sorry, I didn't think about that when I sent you the link. It's a private sex club in Las Vegas. I found it while I was looking up things to do while we're there. Even to access the website, you must be a member, so I applied. The application required copies of our driver's licenses, a current digital photograph, and a copy of our fingerprints. They run a background check on applicants for criminal records, and while it didn't specify why we had to send a picture, I don't imagine just anyone gets in."
"Sounds oddly elitist."
"It is, and I thought it was a little weird, but a couple weeks later we were accepted and given a password. Once I saw pictures of the place and the people, it was pretty exciting to be accepted."
"It sounds like we're joining some kind of secret order."
"Maybe we are? And if so, do younotwant to join some secret sex party organization in Las Vegas filled with beautiful people from around the world?"
My face said it all.
"That's what I thought. Go check out the website. It's huge, and has everything you could think of," she kissed me on the nose. "I'm going to get dinner started."
"That's my woman: 'Welcome home, here's sex and a steak.'"
"That's because I am awesome and you love me."
It was my turn to answer, "Maybe."
The website was indeed huge, and the few short hours I had that night were spent browsing. It was too much to take in during one visit, but I was pretty sure Tori and I would be looking it over together the next day. Or so I thought.
"Wow, this place looks amazing, babe! Are we really going?" I was like a kid discovering his birthday, Christmas, and summer vacation could all be had on the same day.
She looked up at me, then over to the side of the room at two suitcases lying against the wall. "Oh, did I not tell you? We leave tomorrow," she said innocently.
Have I mentioned this before? My wife is PERFECT.
-------
We settled into our seats, and we were the only two people in our row. I was giddy and full of energy; Tori was being tolerant in a motherly sort of way toward my pestering behavior as we waited for takeoff.
"When are we going? What are we going to do when we get there? What are you going to wear? What are we going to do? When are we going?"
Finally, laughing, she told me to shut the hell up. "We can't go for a few days yet. When we get there this afternoon, we have to go and have blood drawn so we can be tested for diseases."
"Damn, the hospital is in on this, too? This sex club is the best conspiracy theory ever."
"No, they have their own clinic and medical staff."
That put me in check for a moment. "Wow, they can afford to have a fully-functional clinic?" I thought about that for a second. "How much was our membership fee?"
"Expensive," was all she said. Then she looked at me. "Do you really care how much it was?"
"Fuck no--that almost makes it better. So where's the clinic?"
"It's at the club."
My face lit up. "So we're going to the club today? What are we going to do when we get there? What are you going to wear?" I started up again, and she just sighed and pretended she was going to sleep.
My favorite part of flying is the takeoff, when you are pushed back into your seat by the acceleration. The 'g' lasts through rotation and the first couple thousand feet of the climbout, but after that the body 'catches up' with the plane and it's just like sitting in any other chair. That is unless you're by the window seat, which I always demand and Tori allows ("I swear, you're still a child sometimes." "Sometimes?"). She usually sleeps through plane rides anyways, so the view would be wasted on her anyhow.
I let her sleep for a while, through the first beverage service. Looking around, the plane was only about 2/3 full. Drinking my ginger ale, I reached down into my backpack and discretely pulled out the package I had prepared early this morning. I waited until she readjusted herself again, then I leaned over and cupped her breast in my hand and started sucking her earlobe.
She moaned slightly as she drowsily opened her eyes. "Babe..." she admonished, pushing my hand away and looking around. We were still the only ones in our row, and no one could really see us.
"What? I missed your boobs. Sorry if I woke you up, I was trying to grope you gently. Look, I got you some juice."
"Oh, thank you."
"I also got you this," I said, holding up the ziplock bag. Inside was a butt plug and a bottle of astroglide.
She raised her eyebrow at me. "The drink cart was selling those too, huh? Funny, that looks a lot like one of ours."
"I know! I was kind of surprised, too. But the stewardess strongly recommended it, saying it should be about the right size for you."
"Did she? You two were talking about me like that while I was asleep."
"Oh, yeah, I mentioned that you loved having things in your ass, and she agreed that you definitely looked like the type of girl who would."
"Liar," she smiled. "But that doesn't mean I'm not..." Swiping the bag out of my hand, she slipped it into the pocket of her pullover and unstrapped her belt. Standing, she looked down at me and wriggled her nose. "I have to go the bathroom."
"I know. Just make sure you hold onto the bag."
She headed down the aisle as I looked back out the window. A few minutes passed, then I felt her settle next to me again and throw the blanket over her lower body.
"How does it feel?" I murmured.
"Mmmm, good, but not as good as you do."
"Sorry about that, maybe later? In the mean time, may I help?" I asked, sliding my hand under the blanket.
"I was hoping you would, actually." She wasn't kidding: her jeans were already undone and pulled down enough to give my fingers unhindered access to her pussy.
"Oh, these are for you," she said as she dropped her tiny black thong on my lap. I smiled and thanked her, putting them in my pocket. Then I proceeded to teasingly explore her with my fingers while she leaned her chair back and closed her eyes.
The name of the game was nonchalance. Every outward appearance I gave was of a slightly bored passenger staring at flyover country while holding hands with my sleeping wife beneath the blanket. In reality, I was staring but not seeing while my mind processed every neural transmission from my fingertips, navigating this pussy that I knew so well yet had not been intimately familiar with in so long. I took my time, reacquainting myself properly.
Tori's breaths came long and deep and if I hadn't known any better I would have assumed she really was asleep, but the way her vaginal muscles contracted around my probing fingers said otherwise. I could also feel her butt clenching around the plug. She was getting wetter by the minute.
Timed perfectly, the beverage service came again, and I brazenly kept fingering my wife as the stewardess asked if I wanted more ginger ale.
"Of course," I said quietly, handing her the plastic cup.
"Does she want more juice? I saw she was up and about earlier, going to the restroom. Is she feeling okay? She looks a little flushed."
"She's been working very hard the last few weeks and came down with something a couple days ago. I think she'll be okay; I gave her some decongestant at the airport. She'll sleep through the flight and be fine by tomorrow," I lied smoothly as I slipped another finger inside her. Her breathing checked for a heartbeat, then resumed.
"Well, I certainly hope so! Being sick in Las Vegas would be a terrible way to spend your vacation."
"It's our late-anniversary, actually. Like I said, she's been working very hard the last few weeks and we had to postpone celebrating until our trip."
"Oh, that's awful! But congratulations! This is your first anniversary?"
"Fifth, actually."
"Goodness! You both look so young, I just assumed..."
"It's alright. We dated in college, and I knew back then she was out of my league, so I had to marry her before she figured that out." I pulled my fingers back and rubbed on her clit.
The stewardess giggled. "Nonsense, you make a beautiful couple. If there's anything I can do for you, please let me know." I smiled and thanked her as I slipped my fingers back into my wife. The stewardess moved on, and I leaned over to my wife's ear.
"You are such a slut," I whispered.
"You are such a LIAR," she whispered back.
"Not my fault I had to cover for the blood in your cheeks. Way to be discreet, woman."
"Fine. You can show me how it's done."
Tori threw the blanket over my crotch, and I took the hint and dropped my pants enough to free my cock. She couldn't really do anything with it without being obvious, but as I resumed fingering her she touched and fondled it, stimulated by its very presence.
This went on for another ten minutes before my arm started getting tired. I leaned over to her. "Do you want to get off?"
She shook her head. "If you need to stop, I'm good. I just liked having you play with me while the plug was in me, too."
I pulled back my hand and her response was to squeeze my dick.
"Oh, do that again."
Instead she sat up, looking aft over her seat.
"Meet me in last one on the left," she said, quirking an eyebrow.
She quickly stood and walked to the back of the cabin. I looked around at the flight crew and other passengers. No one seemed to be paying extra attention to her. I fastened my pants and counted to thirty, then coolly rose and walked back to the last stall and went in.
She attacked me, kissing me and unbuttoning my shirt. She was already topless, her pullover and bra folded neatly on the counter. Finished with my shirt, she continued down to my pants, unfastening them and pulling them down to my ankles as she knelt in front of me. I leaned back against the wall as she took me into her mouth.
We had never done this before. Having grown up in Colorado I was already technically a member of the Mile High Club, but this was hot, especially when she reached up and started massaging my balls and taint. I gasped and my hips bucked. She fought to keep control of my cock as the stimulation in my crotch triggered spasms in my legs. Finally she just started jacking me off while she licked my balls.
I closed my eyes and my head thudded against the wall. Moments like this were what I had been missing all this time. I felt the one of my wife's fingers slide up my ass, delicately tickling my asshole before pressing into it up to the first knuckle. That was too much: I groaned, and she took me back into her mouth as I shot my load. She was moaning and looking up at me, one hand cupping my balls while the other fingered my ass. I shuddered as the last of my spooj dribbled into her mouth.
Slowly she pulled her fingers out and slid my cock out of her mouth. Still looking up at me, she opened her mouth and displayed my white cum as she rolled it around her tongue, then swallowed. I lifted her up and kissed her, palming her naked breasts and squeezing her ass.
"I love you, babe...I can't wait for the rest of this trip."
She nuzzled her nose against mine. "Baby, you have nooooo idea...."
-------
The plane touched down in beautiful Las Vegas, and we gathered our bags and hopped in a rental car. We paralleled the Strip on our way to the north end, passing behind MGM Grand, Paris, Harrah's, and a slew of others before arriving at our favorite, Wynn-Encore. Last time we stayed at opposite physical and financial ends of the Strip: two dirt-cheap but spectacularly godawful nights at the Hooters resort by the airport, followed by a sublime week at the Encore. Needless to say, we vowed to stay at the latter from then on.
We checked into our room, dropping off our bags and taking a few minutes to freshen up. I was tempted to finish her from the airplane, but she reminded me that we had a reservation for blood-drawing, so I tucked myself back in and followed her out.
I drove, following her directions to a building on the other side of Las Vegas Blvd, between the Strip and Trump Towers. It was nondescript, but the paint was fresh and the doors looked heavy-duty. Apparently the clinic was out back, so we drove around and parked. It was a fairly large building, though only two stories tall.
Neither of us are afraid of needles, so the process was straightforward. Also, the clinic was legitimate, though not advertised outside, and I doubt it was publicly listed. The nurse did her thing, announcing that we would be notified with the results in two days.
First on my list of things to do in Vegas (or any city that has one) is to get a big fat burrito from Chipotle. Established by fellow Coloradans, Chipotle is the ultimate in deliciously high-quality fast casual food. As a rule, the corporation will not expand anywhere unless the freshness of their product can be guaranteed. Apparently coastal Carolina cannot be supported, because we don't have any out there; instead, I am forced to gorge myself on trips to get my fix. Tori is wonderfully understanding of this, so that's where we went next.
While eating, Tori explained that we needed to work on staying up later each night, because the club was an all-night affair. This was going to be especially difficult since we were already three hours ahead coming from Eastern Standard Time. She suggested we take a nap, which sounded perfect after consuming 3 glorious lbs. of chicken, lemon-cilantro rice, black beans, and tortilla.
Driving 'home,' we discussed everything we wanted to do while in Vegas. I noticed neither of us was mentioning anything sexual. For my part, another blowjob in the room paled in comparison to the knowledge that we were going to an all-night orgy at a high-class sex club the day after tomorrow. It seemed like both of us, without having to say so, wanted to hold off on doing anything else now that we were actually within sight of the location. After weeks of build-up, the reality was a little intimidating.
Still, that didn't mean I was going to slack off on groping and kissing her at any opportunity; this was my wife, dammit, and I was going to do to her what I wanted, despite her half-hearted protests and admonishments that people could see us. Of course, as soon as the elevators would close she would turn and start making out with me. I don't think she forgot about the cameras in the elevators; she just didn't care. My sexy little hypocrite...I loved her like crazy for stuff like that.
Since I hadn't slept on the plane and had just eaten about 2% of my bodyweight in a matter of minutes, I actually crashed pretty hard for several hours. I awoke to see Tori putting on the finishing touches to her evening wear. It was dark outside, and a set of clothes were laid out for me on the bed by my legs.
She was dressed in a tight black top with a dark cerulean and black silk skirt from Florence, Italy that I bought for her right after I graduated from college. Now THAT made me think about having sex: she looked so damn classy and sexy; that combination always makes me instantly hard, not just because she looks good but because I know she will be the center of attention wherever she goes, which always turns me on.
"Hurry up, babe; we have reservations downstairs in ten minutes."
I rolled off the bed and pressed my hardening cock into her back as I cupped her breasts. "Can we postpone?"
She didn't even flinch at my rude arrival. Instead, she pressed her ass back into me and put her hands over mine as she smiled sweetly at me in the mirror. "Absolutely not, you pervert. I'm hungry and you'll need your energy. We're going dancing at the nightclub afterwards."
I huffed. "Fine..."
I squeezed her breasts one last time, then dressed and preened myself. After so long without giving a shit what I looked like, it was nice to feed the ol' vanity again. Stylish, form-fitting clothes, expensive watch, hair done just so, label shoes...I looked like the kind of douchebag who would have a beauty like this on his arm, much to the chagrin of every other guy in the restaurant and club we would be attending. Eat your heart out, cocksuckers: she wasn't with me for a trust fund, or a fancy car, or the people I know...we were made for each other. Any close observer would see that shining through our flashy appearance. Moreover, I didn't have a trust fund, I drive a '98 Frontier, and the most famous person I've ever met was the Secretary of Defense. Yet my stunning wife wears clothing from Italy and loves me with all her heart. Life is good.
We had a lovely evening: talking, joking, and catching up really for the first time since I'd been back. We talked a lot about the day-to-day things we didn't want to waste our precious time talking about while I was away. She was fascinated with life aboard the ship, and I wanted to hear all about our stupid dog's antics and what the gossip amongst the other wives had been while we were away.
As I predicted, guys would glance over whenever she laughed, and heads followed her as she got up to use the restroom. I smiled smugly as I caught one particularly lecherous fucker notice her for the first time, then look back at me with a slightly disgusted expression like I wasn't worthy. It was highly amusing, more so because I agreed with him on a certain level.
I was still considering the irony when she returned, once again drawing surreptitious looks from the male guests. "What are you thinking about?" she asked.
"How amazing you look and how good it is to be back. I missed you."
"I missed you, too, babe." She reached out and took my hand.
I rubbed my fingers across hers. "I'm not the only one who thinks you look good, either. A few of the other diners almost snapped their necks when you walked by just now."
"Really? Were any of them cute?"
"No, just fabulously wealthy and jealous as hell of the jackass you're sitting with."
"Heispretty lucky..."
"Don't worry, he knows. Are you ready to go grind your body against mine in a public place?"
She grinned. "Always."
As luck would have it, some upstart vodka distillery was offering free samples to women at the club, and Tori batted her big hazel eyes and got as much as she wanted--which included as much as I wanted--and soon we were dancing the night away with a wonderful buzz going. We were surrounded by people like us and people in no way at all like us, but everyone was having a good time.
As expected, my wife drew more than her share of attention with her phantasmal skirt; the black light played off the strange thread of the blue roses as a hazy purple, twirling and shimmering as she moved around me. My desire for her flared every time I caught someone else checking her out, guy and girl alike. She was the center of my universe, and as we danced and drank, everything else fell away and my emotional longing for her drew me close. Our time apart had been trying on our souls but not on our marriage; reuniting made it even stronger.
Soon I was only seeing her in the room, moving in slow motion as I watched every curve of her body. She was so perfect to me--forgiving of my shortcomings, patient with my insecurities, and supportive of my dreams and fantasies--it still amazed me that anyone could love me like she did. But here she was, almost a decade together with my good-for-nothing ass, and she couldn't be happier. I worshipped her.
We stayed out as late as we could, finally dragging ourselves back to the room around 3 am (6 am our time) and collapsing in bed. Not before stripping naked, however, and poignantly professing our love and devotion to each other again. I'm sure our declarations would have been comical if either of us had been sober, but even our inebriation was synchronized and the words themselves took a backseat to raw emotional content.
We kissed deeply, once, before she passed out. I looked down at her peaceful, beautiful face, and teared up a little. I had missed her so terribly much; physicallyachedto be away from my support, my anchor, my wife. I would never tell her that, but she knew. I kissed her again, then passed out beside her.
--------
The next morning I was pleasantly surprised to wake without a hangover. Not only did that vodka produce an absynth-like buzz, but to come away free from punishment the next day? I just found my new favorite booze.
Tori was out on the balcony, dressed only in a thong. She was glistening wet--the running shower must've awakened me. She was looking out on the strip and I admired her profile as well as her sexy disdain for peeping toms. We were twelve stories up, but still...I shook my head, still confused by the effect that had on me. The 'sex' game in the car, hooking up in city parks and in parking lots, sunbathing at European-style pools...seeing my wife expose herself publicly turned me on, no doubt about it.
She turned and walked back into the room, smiling at my groggy face. "Hey, you. Get up--we're going shopping."
She could write a book: "How to Squash an Erection in Five Syllables or Less." I groaned and fell back into the bed.
"...for lingerie..."
Hold the book deal. "Okay, I'm up, let's go. Put on a t-shirt or something, woman, you're slowing us down."
She laughed. "Hold on, let me dry my hair."
Watching her ass bounce as she walked by, I was overpowered by the simple sexiness of her wet body, and I dropped my pants and followed her into the bathroom. She didn't know I was behind her until I grabbed her boobs, and she shrieked and giggled as I nuzzled her neck.
"Babe...we have to get ready! There's a lot I want to do before tomorrow."
"Don't let me stop you. I just want to fondle your body since I've been away from it for so long. I won't get in the way."
I was most certainly in the way, but she didn't care. I could feel her nipples harden as I continued sucking on her shoulder, and when I finally dropped my hands away to get dressed I could see the flush rising in her cheeks.
Day #2, Chipotle burrito #2: barbacoa and pinto beans. Heaven in a tortilla. This was followed by Baskin & Robins, my favorite ice cream. Vegas is very cool.
Despite my objections, shopping with Tori in very nice stores is actually a lot of fun, because she gets so ridiculously excited that I can't help but find it entertaining. She has impeccable taste and snobby employees who initially treat her sweet disposition with condescension very quickly realize she knows more about fashion than they do and drop the attitude, instead asking for her opinion on things and offering suggestions with a lift at the end of the sentence, as if seeking approval. Tori doesn't notice this, but I do, and where I would get sarcastic and cleverly mock them, she wins them over and usually ends up with some kind of discount at the register because they like her so much. Charm and manipulation will never beat pure kindness.
The only downside to the afternoon was that we spent very little time looking at lingerie; apparently she just wanted to get some sexy panties. Don't get me wrong--it was great, but for every minute we spent looking at thongs and boy shorts we spent ten minutes somewhere else looking at shoes, jeans, belts, etc.
We decided to stay in the hotel again this evening, eating a light dinner out then returning to do some late-night gambling. Usually we go to off-Strip casinos where you get better odds and the games are less intense, but tonight we wanted glitz and excitement, so we went back and forth between the Encore and Wynn floors, playing blackjack, watching poker, and I threw some dice while Tori played Paigao. We came away down for the evening, but it had been fun. We made it all the way to 5 am, and though we didn't quite look like zombies, we definitely crashed when we got back to the room.
------
It was well after noon when we finally woke up. Remembering the vision of her from the previous morning, I suggested we spend the afternoon by the pool. She quickly agreed, then suggested afterwards we get massages and I get a back adjustment.
"Damn, you make it sound like we're preparing for a sporting event."
"That's actually how I'm thinking of it," she said, completely serious.

She wasn't kidding. She had a food and hydration plan for the whole day: healthy energy foods along with sports drinks and fruit juice. We brought a bag of snacks with us down to the pool, along with books, iPods, sunglasses, towels, lotion, and all the other crap you take for a relaxing afternoon of lounging.
She didn't need to ask, she simply walked through the family pool to the secluded European pool. The only two chairs we could find together were in the back under a palm tree, and while we wouldn't get as much tanning done, on the upside it wouldn't tire us out as much. We fussed about and got situated, then settled in to read and enjoy the balmy weather.
The demographic was slanted toward our age group, though there were some couples in their mid-50s. I glanced around under my sunglasses, appreciatively taking in some of the women on display, but ultimately I returned to my book. Just like when I see an attractive girl on the street, after confirming that she is pretty or defining what about her caught my eye, I consciously dismiss her and don't look back again. I do this out of respect for the girl as well as for my wife. If you're in a relationship, what's the point of doing a double-take? All you're doing is conjuring up longing for something you can't have and far more often than not youknowyour significant other will be hurt if they knew what you were thinking.
Along those lines, if Tori is with me, I will openly tell her that I was checking out another girl, describing what about her drew my eye--"I like her hair," "She has pretty eyes," etc, even going so far as "Wow, she has a nice butt." I know she won't be jealous of this and many times she will even voice agreement. After a moment, both of us will forget all about her and move on with our lives. Even better are the times when I will say something like, "She looks good in that skirt. We need to get that for you." My college roommate's girlfriend (now wife--poor bastard) would have stabbed him in the throat for saying something like that out loud. Tori, on the other hand, will take note of the skirt, decide if it would fit her the same, and either try to find it or look for an alternative that would look better on her. No jealousy--simple honesty and trust are cornerstones of our relationship.
Yes, we enjoyed having sex with other people, but it wasn't just for our own pleasure. We did it because it turns both of us on. Thus, our marriage is only open when the other is in the room. Anything else would have been cheating and I had absolutely no problem ignoring those temptations. I loved my wife completely and could not imagine betraying her trust.
That being said, coming back to the scenery around the pool, it also helped that I believed her rack to be far superior to any of the others on display, so it was easy not to be a pervert--I had the best of everything already. Speaking of which, Tori casually reached up and undid her top, dropping it into the towel bag. I played it cool, trying to keep my erection under control. It helped that we were in a corner.
She leaned over to get her water bottle, and I smiled as I suggested, "Y'know, some ice would be nice with that. Too bad it's all the way on the other side of the pool."
She sat back up, looking across the way as she took a sip. She screwed the cap back on and looked at me coquettishly. "Would you like me to go get you some?"
"That would be lovely, thank you," I grinned back at her.
Wearing only her sunglasses, thong swimsuit bottoms, and flip flops, my darling wife casually strode around the pool, past the bar to the water stand. Hardly anyone noticed her until she was by the bar, then I noted several glances in her direction from all around the pool. She scooped ice into a plastic cup, then walked back along the same path. This time heads followed her all the way around. I put on a casual face and made like I was reading again, totally unaffected by my wife's breasts on display. This was not at all the case, however.
She bent over, her beautiful ass facing the pool as she placed the cup between my legs, seeing the bulge in my swim trunks.
"Is that better?" she asked, smiling sweetly.
"Much better, thank you," I replied without looking up, suppressing a grin.
She settled back into her chair, and I reached out and pulled her lounge chair over to mine. The loud scrape of plastic on cement, coupled with her squeal, drew looks from everyone nearby, but I kept right on reading my book as I smiled contentedly and took her hand in mine.
----------
The massage was incredible. I've always enjoyed massages, but not in the way you might initially expect: I find the idea of a "happy ending" disrespectful and completely off the mark. It is an ancient profession with the potential to resolve much deeper issues than a certain 'itch.' I've always had spinal problems, though, so perhapsIam the one missing the point of the tugjob finish, but even then, to me the long-lasting effects of a good massage are far more pleasurable than getting some strange.
On the other hand, the thought of my wife being worked over by some 6' stud named 'Sven' was a lovely visual image, especially if she was getting turned on by it. I'm weird like that.
After the massage, a chiropractor came in and adjusted my spine. He left, and I took a nap in the warm room, completely relaxed. When I awoke, I was refreshed, relaxed, and absolutely stoked about the coming night. I was a child again, waiting forEVER for Christmas Eve to end.
When I got back to the room, Tori was in the shower. I quietly joined her, and she handed me the soap and offered her chest from my inspection. Lathering up, I started sliding my hands across her semi-tan breasts while we talked about our massages. Sure enough, she had a hunky dude rub her down, and while she wasn't exactly moist from it, she certainly felt like putty in his hands the whole time.
"That's nice...mine gave me a blowjob, then brought in her twin sister and ate her out while I did her from behind. Or maybe she was being licked while I did her sister from behind. I dunno, it was hard to keep them apart."
"Charming. Could you wash something other than my boobs?"
"Nope."
"Well, hurry up. We only have three short hours before the doors open, and I probably need every one of them to get ready."
----- CLUB AURORA ------
Tori was dressed to kill: black, skintight strapless dress that barely extended to mid-thigh. Her dark hair was hanging long from months of letting it grow and it shone gloriously with her dark purple highlights. Her makeup was simple but erotic: dark lipstick and heavy eyeliner with emerald eyeshadow. I was also dressed in black, a button-up long-sleeved paisley shirt and designer jeans, with stylish leather shoes Tori had picked out for the occasion. We looked the part of a young, affluent, sexual couple--which we had every intention of being this night.
The taxi delivered us to the club and I took her by the hand and led her up the stairs. There was no line outside, just three bouncers. Unlike the usual giant meatheads you expect at nightclubs, these three looked only slightly bigger than average, but given my profession I recognized their competence. You would be a fool to mess with any of them.
"Please show me your IDs," the center man asked politely. We held them up, and after consulting his tablet, he nodded once and stepped aside.
We entered a darkened foyer with an elevated podium in the center. A smartly dressed woman sat behind it and she motioned for us to approach.
"Please place your right index finger on the scanner," she asked.
I did so and watched a red light scan across it.
"And now you."
Tori did the same.
"Welcome to Club Aurora, Mr. and Mrs. Riest,"(I am always impressed when people pronounce it correctly the first time). "Both of your blood tests came back clean, as did your background checks. Are you familiar with the rules of this establishment?"
"We are," I said as Tori nodded.
"Good, then I will ask you to sign, date, and print your name on these waivers and terms of agreement. Here are your membership wristbands. They are individually numbered, so do not lose it or remove it for the duration of the evening. If you do, you will be removed from the premises."
Familiar with what was expected thanks to the website, Tori and I filled out the forms and handed them back.
"Excellent. You may proceed through the double doors over there. Enjoy your evening." Her efficient professionalism contrasted starkly with what I suspected went on here every week.
Stepping through the door, we entered a large dance floor with all of the staging and lighting you would expect from a high-class nightclub. There were several bars spaced throughout, along with pieces of furniture with lots of cushions, platforms, and a few stripper poles placed seemingly at random.
There was already a sizable crowd on the dance floor and the double doors had been soundproofed amazingly well; we had not heard even the strongly thumping bass in the foyer. Feeding the excitement that had been building all day, we directly inserted ourselves into the bouncing, grinding crowd and started dancing.
Moving to the beat, Tori and I fell into the rhythmic motions we were accustomed to after years of being together. I could recognize the subtle changes in her tempo, accenting the backbeat to her downbeat, sliding my hands up and down her silken body. We knew each other so well and we lost sense of time as we submitted to the club atmosphere.
Looking around, I was not surprised that all of the people nearby were gorgeous and extremely well-dressed. I had suspected the electronic copy of the photo we submitted with our application had been closely scrutinized and the bouncers out front were visually comparing application to reality. Very few of the people were younger than us, and most seemed to be older, though not many seemed much past 45 or so.
The music playing wasn't your typical bump-and-grind shit with inane lyrics and annoying vocal solos. This was high-grade, engineered sound that elicited movement by the power of its beats and the intricate layering of pitch. There was no repeating melody, but lines of focus would play through, providing a base for harmony and contrast. Tempo changes were gradual and subconsciously logical, and the DJ was a Zen master in his manipulation of loudness and reverberation. The overall effect was pure aural stimulation, flooding the brain with rhythm and a powerful desire to move with it.
Tori was already getting hot and I don't mean just sweating—I could see the blood rising in her cheeks. Throughout the dance floor people were doing more than dancing: kissing, groping, unfastening articles of clothing as everyone moved to the beat. The European-looking couple next to us started kissing and I could see my wife sneaking glances at them. Smiling, I spun her around so her back was to me, then turned so she was facing them. Grinding myself into her back, my hands started sliding up and down her body, feeling under the thin material of her dress for the folds of her labia, the tip of her tailbone, her hardening nipples.
The man unbuttoned his partner's blouse, reaching inside to grope her. Tori's dancing was on autopilot at this point, her attention focused on the couple who looked like something out of an Express catalog. Not wanting to be outdone, I didn't bother being discreet, but boldly pulled the top of my wife's dress down and cupped her bare breasts. Tori raised her arms, reaching up and running her hands through my hair as she leaned back into me. I began sucking the side of her neck as she played the voyeur.
For her part, the woman had unbuttoned his shirt and was running her hand up and down the bulge of his crotch. Glancing over at my wife's naked chest, she reached up and unbuttoned her blouse the rest of the way, then shrugged it off, revealing a purple half-cup bra. The man leaned down and took her exposed nipple in his mouth, sucking and biting it while he pinched the other with his fingers.
Something about that inspired Tori, and she whirled around and kissed me. Her hands flew down the buttons of my shirt, which quickly fell open. Her nimble fingers kept right on going, undoing my belt and unzipping my pants. She reached down and pulled out my hardened cock, stroking it as she rubbed her nipples across my chest.
I knew she had been looking forward to tonight, but holy shit! The change in her behavior and the boldness of her action was extremely sexy, so I just went with it. Looking around, I saw people staring at her, noting her naked breasts and the motion of her hand on my cock. More and more pieces of clothing fell to the floor as people joined us, following my wife's initiative. The sexuality that had been growing at a slow boil rapidly heated up, emanating out from the ring of people forming around us.
But my wife was still the leader and, taking a break from kissing, she took note of the increased nakedness and small but overt sexual actions nearby. She looked up at me once again with her sinful hazel eyes. Slowly kneeling, she gently kissed my cock, then looked up at me as she took it into her mouth.
Everyone around us backed away slightly, opening a circle around my wife as she blew me. The DJ noticed us, turning down the music and directing a spotlight on the clearing we occupied. Tori has never really liked being the center of attention by herself, but I could see she was getting turned on having so many people watch her pleasure her husband.
Being the vain exhibitionist I am, I let my shirt slide from my shoulders, revealing my tattooed chest and back and flexed my stomach muscles while I ran my hands through her hair. I took my cock out of her mouth and replaced it with my balls, which she greedily licked and sucked. As a murmur of approval rippled through the crowd, I stroked myself and winked down at her. She smiled up at me and I put my cock back in her as I neared the end. She reached up and grabbed my ass, I put my hands on the back of her head, and together we brought me to an orgasm. I groaned and shot into her mouth as she swallowed every drop. The crowd cheered as I lifted her up and kissed her, then the masses parted as I took her by the hand and led her from the dance floor.
Stepping up onto a landing, I unceremoniously threw her laughing onto a chaise lounge and fell down on top of her.
"Look at you, you crazy slut, sucking my dick on the dance floor," I said.
"You liked it," she giggled, "And so did I."
"I'll bet you did, you dirty girl; I'll bet you're soaking your panties as we speak."
"I would if I were wearing any..."
I grinned and hiked the bottom of her dress up around her waist. Sure enough, her wet, bald pussy glistened back at me. How could I resist? I brought my face down and started to lick.
The music cranked up again and provided just as much inspiration for pussy licking as it did for dancing. The DJ found us again with his spotlight and I did my level best to bring my wife to orgasm as a performance for the club. Tori was also turned on by the attention, grabbing her breasts and exaggerating her motions in response to my tongue and fingers.
Licking, probing, fingering, and sucking, I continually built the stimulation until she was hovering on the brink of orgasm, but I carefully managed her state of arousal until I felt a climax in the music approaching. Then, burying my face in her delicious pussy, I slipped a finger into her asshole, and she detonated. Crying out and curling into a sit-up, her orgasm produced a rich flow of juice from her pussy that I desperately tried to catch with my tongue. I couldn't hear them over the music, but I'm sure the crowd was thrilled.
As she calmed, I removed my fingers from the holes in her body and crawled up to join her. We kissed, and the spotlight faded out.
"Happy late-anniversary, baby," I said.
"You too, my love."
A waiter dressed only in a bowtie approached with a tray of juice and champagne, and as he knelt beside us I noticed the pills beside the glasses. I had checked with my doc before we left North Carolina and had been deemed healthy enough to use cyalis. Taking one of the pills and a glass of o.j., I swallowed it down--I had no shame admitting that tonight I was going to need all the help I could get. Tori also took some juice, and the waiter silently stood and departed.
We sprawled out on the lounge, sipping juice and observing the sexual acts around us. The 'dance club' had fully morphed into an orgy and we were both rather proud of the part we played in making that happen. Not five feet from where we lay a woman was enthusiastically sucking off a man; just behind her a blonde on all fours was moaning sensually as her ass was slowly being fucked by a tall black man.
"Cheers, babe," I said as we *clinked* glasses. "I do believe you were the first to have her man's dick out, and I know for sure you were the first to drop to her knees." I was truly proud of that--my darling wife's boldness had been surprising and quite erotic. Seeing other men's jealous faces as they watched her suckle my balls had been amusing and arousing.
"I just couldn't resist...I wassooooturned on by that other couple."
I laughed and put my arm around her, absently squeezing her nipple.
"So, what now?"
"I kind of just want to stay here and watch awhile."
"Fine by me." So we did. The blowjob ended quite messily and the black man executed an ass-to-mouth on the blonde to finish. The couples both split up afterwards, soon replaced by an Asian girl leading three men into the open space before us.
I was immediately intrigued. Her dark skin suggested she was of Southeastern descent, far different from Tori's traces of Japanese, but the particular geographic location took a backseat to general associative appeal.
The girl was thin with long black hair (which also helped with the fantasy running concurrently in my head) and completely shaved. Her smallish breasts sat high on her chest with deliciously dark, quarter-sized nipples. She was clearly in charge of the group and wasted no time in executing her plan.
She dropped to her knees and began sucking the cock immediately in front of her. Short bobs followed by a long deepthroat, she obviously knew her way around a cock. Her hands reached up and stroked the other two for a while, then she alternated. When all three pricks were soaked in her saliva, she had the center guy lie down on his back. She squatted over him reverse cowgirl-style, lining up his cock with her asshole, then slowly sat down on it. Once he was all the way in, she paused for a moment to play with her clit.
I had been openly staring, so I was a little surprised when Tori leaned over and said, "That looks hot." I glanced over at her and she, too, was staring at the sexy Thai girl slowly rotating her hips with a cock up her ass. I didn't really know what to say, so I just leaned over and started sucking on Tori's ear as I turned my attention back to the scene before us.
The girl finally opened her eyes, pointing to one of the two remaining men and gesturing for him to step around in front of her. Taking him by the penis, she pulled him down to her vagina, whereupon he took over and pushed himself in. As he started fucking her, she also began lifting her hips, sliding the cock in her ass in and out to the same rhythm as the cock in front. Once the tempo had been established, she leaned back and planted her hands on the floor, tilting her head back and opening her mouth.
The last guy needed no instruction; he simply walked over and plugged her last hole. At that angle he could push all the way in until his balls rested on her face, and from where Tori and I lay we could actually see her throat swelling as he pushed in. For her part, Tori was showing signs of arousal: the red flush of her chest, the heavy breathing, and of course the fact that she was playing with herself. I was still nuzzling her ear, but expanded to sucking the side and back of her neck.
"That's a lot of cock for one woman," I said quietly into her ear. "She has one in each hole...stimulating every part of her body. She looks like she's enjoying it...sitting with a cock deep in her ass, another one stroking in and out of her sopping wet pussy, another one crammed into her slutty mouth..." I broadly licked her neck going up to her ear. "Think you could handle something like that, you dirty slut?"
Tori nodded, her mouth hanging open and her eyes glued to the sexy woman being triple-teamed mere feet from us. I quietly resumed my nibbling, mind deep in thought.
The girl was obviously a pro and the guys knew what they were about, too; none of them missed a beat or disrupted the tempo. Soon she was climaxing over and over, her screams muffled by the monstrous piece of meat in her mouth. Even in her throes of ecstasy, however, she expertly manipulated her body to equally pleasure her partners and soon enough the man on bottom announced that he was ready to cum. Pussy-fucker agreed, and she quickly dismounted and knelt in front of the men as they lined up.
Unfortunately they did so with their backs to us, so we couldn't see the finish, but after cumming on her all three men walked away, leaving the glazed woman sitting facing us, her fingers plunging in and out of her pussy. Her face was rapturous as the thick white strands slid down her face and hair. Seeing an opportunity, I slid from the chaise down to the Thai slut and pulled my wife with me. Tori was in a trance, offering no resistance as I brought her face-to-face with her slutty twin.
"I think she needs a hand...or mouth...cleaning up," I growled. Tori leaned forward of her own accord and licked a string of cum from the girl's neck. There was no reaction from the Thai, so my wife licked another runnel and gently cupped the girl's breast. Tori broadly licked the girl's face, then showed me the white on her tongue before deliberately bringing it into her mouth to swallow.
The Thai girl whimpered, eyes closed, fingers ablur.
"Did this performance turn you on?" Tori asked smokily. She licked the girl's face again, slowly.
"Yes," I whispered.
Tori brought her hand to the girl's cheek, turn her panting face toward my wife's. Eyes never breaking from mine, she began delicately licking strands of cum from the girl's forehead.
Lick"Tell me why it turned you on."Lick
"Because I imagined it was you."
Lick"Doing what?"Lick
"Getting fucked in every hole. Taking several men at once, fucking your pussy, ass, and mouth, then cumming all over your sexy body?"
Lick"And it would turn you on to see me used like that?"Lick
"Yes," I hissed.
She didn't respond. For a second I was concerned, then I realized her body was shivering in a mini-orgasm. So focused was I on Tori's cum eating that I failed to notice the Thai girl was fingering her and my wife's body responded equally to her fingers as to our conversation.
By now a glob of cum had formed on the Thai girl's chin, swaying back and forth to the rhythm of her plunging fingers. Tori swooped down and licked it, then kept right on going to the girl's mouth to share it in a cummy kiss. Tori tweaked her nipple as the girl brought both of them to a manual orgasm.
The kiss turned sensual, two Asian beauties moaning softly post-coitus as their hands slowed. Then it turned playful, both girls giggling and whispering as Tori continued cleaning her face. They kissed once more, firmly, then the Thai girl sauntered off and Tori and I returned to the chaise.
"So I take that as a 'yes'?" I asked with a grin.
"Oh, baby, that was so hot, and the thought of you watching me do something like that would turn me onsooooomuch." She smiled up at me coyly. "I would fuck a group of men for you."
My rock-hard cock twitched between us and I smiled down at her lovingly. "You know just what to say to me, don't you?"
She giggled and kissed my nose. "Yes I do, my love."
"Then that's what I want to have happen while we're here, my one 'do anything I ask' request. Do you know what yours is yet, babe?"
Her face became instantly serious/hopeful. "Anything I want, right?"
"Of course, that's why we're here; anything you want to do, we'll do. Anything at all."
She paused for a moment, looking into my eyes. "Ok, well I have something in mind, but I don't want to ruin the surprise. I promise, you won't be disappointed."
Taking me by the hand, she led me naked through the tangle of bodies to one of the doors along the wall. The sign above the door said "STATUES." Tori led me inside.
The room was bathed in blue light, revealing men and women in various poses and sexual positions around the room. Everything seemed ordered in here; no one was overlapping, there was even spacing between people. Too even. I looked closer and realized that aside from the couples and small groups, individuals were placed throughout the floor and along the wall in regular intervals. All of them were restrained in some way, either tied to the wall or a pole or strapped to unusual pieces of furniture. All of these individuals were wearing black latex, some more than others, but everyone's face was covered in some way.
"What is this place?" I asked in wonderment.
"It's the Statue Room, darling. All of the people strapped down are employees of the club and are here for our pleasure. They have markings that indicate what they are willing to be used for."
I gave Tori a strange look. She said all of this matter-of-factly and didn't seem at all amazed by what was going on in here.
"You knew about this room beforehand, didn't you?"
She blushed and looked up at me. "Damon, I was really excited about this trip! I couldn'twaitto get here and do all of these crazy sexual things with you and I spent hours looking over the website for the club. One day I stumbled on this room's page." All of this came out in one breath and she cut herself off as she blushed even more. "It also made me think about finally asking you to do this."
"Why's that?" I asked, intrigued.
"Come with me," she cooed.
"Lead the way," I said, my hesitation giving way to strange anticipation.
Tori led me toward the back wall, passing a dozen silent, latex-covered bodies waiting patiently in various poses of submission. I noticed it wasn't true S&M: everyone had a bottle of water within reach and nobody seemed to be painfully exerted. Still, even with several statues going 'unused,' the very nature of this room imparted greater sexuality than the orgy going on in the main room.
We stopped in front of an alcove that was dimly lit. A thin brunette stood in the middle of the alcove, and like the other 'statues,' she wore only black from head to toe. She had on thigh-high black patent leather boots that showed off her athletic calves and long, slender legs. She wore a skin-tight glossy leather dress that revealed cleavage for days as the neckline dipped down towards her navel. The skirt part of the dress barely covered her perky ass. I gave a low whistle--Tori knows how much I love short skirts. Her hair was pulled up high in a ponytail and she was wearing a black silk blindfold.
At this point I realized why Tori had chosen her: she resembled my wife in many ways. This peculiar realization piqued my interest in some inexplicable way. The last thing I noticed about the statue was black leather bands around her wrists.
I stood staring in growing disbelief as Tori walked up to the girl in the middle of the alcove and turned her away from me. She then untied the leather bands around the statue's wrists and pulled her arms down towards the floor. At this point, the statue was bent over with her face by her knees. My already rock-hard dick twitched as the statue's wet pussy was revealed beneath the dress. Tori continued to prepare the statue by tying the black bands to connect her wrists and ankles.
"Warm her up with your tongue until I return," Tori said as she walked out of the alcove towards the entrance of the statue room.
I stood speechless, anxious to know what was in store for me when she returned. Perplexed, I turned my attention to the statue, now bound wrist-to-ankle, and 'reluctantly' decided to obey my wife's instructions. I walked over and began running my hands up and down the inner thighs of the statue, towards her moist slit. I continued past it, instead palming the statue's smooth butt cheek. I marveled at her flexibility. Her legs were straight with her head between her knees, her ponytail hanging down over the pointed toes of her boots.
I knelt behind her, taking a close look at my homework assignment. Everything was silky smooth and her pussy lips were pouty and pink, but still promised a very tight interior. I leaned forward and breathed warmly onto her pussy. A tremor spread through her lower body. My hands still on her ass, I leaned in and broadly licked. She was tangier than my wife, but still very sweet, and I went back for more. I licked her again and this time I heard a little moan escape.
Encouraged, I sharpened my tongue and pushed in deep, pressing my chin up into her clit. She had clamped her mouth shut, but I could still hear humming through her lips as I tongue-probed her snatch.
Behind me I heard the squeak of leather approaching, but I was too busy to bother looking.
Tori thus returned to find me on my knees with my face buried deep in the statue's thighs. I glanced up at her, and she smiled approvingly, but I barely noticed her face. I was stunned to see she was dressed in the same black leather mini dress and thigh-high boots as the statue. Her hair was pulled up in a ponytail; of course she wasn't wearing a blindfold, but I saw that she was instead wearing two additional items: black leather gloves extending past her elbows and something around her waist...a strap-on dildo. I shivered slightly in surprise, finding myself extremely aroused by the sudden thought of my wife dominating me. This would be a very new, VERY different twist to our relationship.
Tori's demeanor had also changed. "Stand up," she ordered.
I quickly obeyed.
"You will do whatever I say from now on, understood?" I nodded, wide-eyed. "Good. I want you to fuck this statue from behind while I watch and touch myself."
I hesitated slightly, shocked at Tori's assertive behavior. She was normally so quiet and reserved, passive in our lovemaking except for the occasional suggestion. Seeing this side of her was truly a turn-on. I didn't have time to consider anything more, however, as Tori barked, "NOW!"
I quickly lined up my throbbing cock with the wet pussy in front of me and thrust in to the hilt, then back out again. My wife watched closely for a few strokes, then reached down and started to finger herself as the statue moaned quietly.
After a few minutes Tori took a seat on a leather chair located just inside the alcove, opposite of where I was standing. With her perfect ass perched on the edge of the seat, she leaned back and spread her legs seductively so I could enjoy the view.
And did I ever. One of her black-gloved hands was buzzing over her clit while the other was massaging her breasts through her dress. Bathed in the sexy blue light, her entire chest was inflamed in arousal. My own cock was throbbing, seeing my beautiful wife lose control while watching me fuck a masked stranger from behind.
As I neared the brink of orgasm, Tori barked her next order, "Pull out, but continue jerking off with your hand. Do NOT orgasm until I tell you to. Am I understood? Good, now get on your knees and lick the statue's tight ass."
This time I didn't hesitate. I pulled my engorged dick out of the statue and began to give her a rim job. I continued to rub myself with one hand and fingered the statue with the other.
Satisfied I was complying with her orders, Tori reached into one of her boots and retrieved a long, slender object. I couldn't quite tell what it was until she changed positions on the chair. Now she was squatting over the cushion, and she placed the object directly beneath her. After applying a drop of lube to the object, she slowly dipped her body down onto whatever it was while spreading her legs wide so I could watch. I realized that the object was an anal dildo that was suctioned to the chair and my wife was fucking herself with it. The image was so hot I had to tightly grip the base of my penis to keep from cumming.
Tori began moaning while she continued to finger her clit. The statue's tight ass began to relax and loosen, and I started to finger it with one finger, then two, then three. My eyes were still glued to my wife pleasuring herself, the strap-on lewdly waving in front of her as she fucked herself in the ass with the dildo and played with her clit.
Beneath my ministrations the statue's ass felt properly relaxed and lined with lube; in a word, it was ready to be pounded. My cock pulsed in anticipation. On the chair, Tori was rubbing lube on the dildo strapped around her thin waist. Then she stood, the anal dildo popping out of her sexy ass. She strode over to me, standing with her hands on her hips and legs spread apart so that I was eye-level with the strap-on.
"On your feet!" my wife-turned-dominatrix ordered. I took a deep breath, closed my eyes, and stood up. I positioned my burning cock at the entrance to the statue's ass, awaiting Tori's permission. Suddenly I felt the slick sensation of the lubed strap-on pressing against my skin as she walked up behind me.
Without warning she reached around my torso and grabbed my cock, pushing the head into the statue's slightly gaping asshole. I slammed home and heard a stifled cry from the blindfolded statue. Tori's gloved hand continued to massage my balls as I thrust in and out of the statue.
I felt her breath on my neck as she softly whispered in my ear, "Remember to breathe, lover." I felt her positioning the dildo at my backdoor. I tried to relax and briefly halted my own anal fucking to enjoy the depravity washing over me as my wife completely dominated me for the first time.
She was gentle at first, slowly guiding the tapered dildo into my ass. Stopping and sliding back a bit, she fed it inch by inch until I could feel the warmth of my wife's hips against my butt cheeks and her navel on my spine. Jesus, I felt full! She began kissing my neck and back as she slowly fucked me from behind.
I continued to grind into the statue's ass as my own ass accommodated my wife's phallus, completing the chain of sodomy. Soon we were in the same rhythm, almost like we were dancing.
"Do you like being dominated by your wife?"
"Yes, ma'am," I managed to say between groans of pleasure.
"Does it turn you on to have your dick in another woman's ass while your wife watches?"
"Yes, babe, my dick is so hard right now."
A quick, rather painful thrust from behind. "Call me Mistress."
"Yes, Mistress."
"It turns me on to be in control like this; I love having you as my plaything, to use as I please."
"I would do anything for you, Mistress."
-whap!-
Suddenly I felt the hot sting of a hand whip on my upper thigh.
"Fuck her harder!" my wife commanded, backed by another touch of her sex whip.
Immediately I started fucking the statue harder and harder until we were all panting in unison. Tori's pace also increased as she grabbed my hips for leverage and also to keep herself steady. She continued to strike me occasionally with her whip as she drove the strap-on harder and deeper with each thrust.
Just when I thought I couldn't take anymore, Tori reached around and cupped my balls.
"Cum, my pet...I command you to cum in her ass."
Instantly I felt the warmth emanating from my balls explode into my dick. It was the most intense orgasmic experience of my life as the stimulation from Tori's thrusting into my prostate prolonged the sensations in my pulsing cock. I was cumming over and over, thrusting to exaggerate each explosion of semen from my cock. I grabbed hold of the statue for support as I thought my legs would give out underneath me. I groaned, shuddering as I came down from the unbelievable heights of pleasure.
"Did you like that?" she asked from behind me, still moving in and out slowly.
I looked over my shoulder and nodded.
"You know I'm not done with you yet, right?"
I nodded again.
"Good," she said. "Now untie the statue and lie her down in front of you."
I obeyed her orders and allowed the statue to relax by releasing her bound wrists from her ankles. I scooped her up into my arms and laid her down on a plush, furry rug in the middle of the floor.
"Play with her tits while I get something else we will need; her profile says she enjoys rough nipple play.....just like I do." Tori says this last line with a wink and a mischievous grin as she disappears down the hallway.
I turned my attention back to the statue and move her bound wrists up over her head. I gently peeled her latex top down to reveal perfect, natural breasts dropping only slightly to the sides of her athletic body. I palmed one in my hand, testing its weight. She responded instantly to the touch of my hand on her now-erect nipple by breathing in sharply and arching her back slightly. I continued my innocent exploration with my other hand and begin twirling her nipples in between my fingertips. This elicited an even greater response from the statue, her breath now heavier and ragged, squirming a bit under my touch. Slowly I bent down and hovered my mouth over one of her perfectly erect nipples, teasing her with my warm breath before engulfing it into my mouth. The statue let out an audible squeal of pleasure as Tori returned to the alcove. I lightly bit the statue's nipple before standing up to greet my wife, enjoying the pleasure received by the statue. Tori was carrying a different strap-on than the one before, this one is much thicker and purple in hue with embedded glitter.
"Here, take this," she said with authority.
I looked at her, a bit confused. "Am I wearing it...?" I trailed off.
"No, pet, you already have what I need...this one is for the statue." She giggled a bit with this last comment, but quickly snapped back into character. "Get the statue on her knees and place the strap-on around her pelvis."
As she handed it to me I saw that this was no ordinary strap-on, but a dual ended dildo. My mind quickly raced with all of the possibilities this new toy introduced, but I worked to obey my wife's commands. I gently lifted the statue from the floor and placed her on her knees. She leaned on me for support as I tried to figure out exactly how this strap on should be oriented on her body.
"She'll need some lubrication before you put it on her," Tori commanded from above me. She was clearly amused by my confusion with this new toy.
I reached down to finger the statue's pussy to get her warmed up again. Then I alternated between each breast, licking, sucking, and occasionally nibbling to get her ready for the dildo strap-on. Prompting her to open her mouth with the tip of it, I slowly fed it into her mouth, wanting her to lubricate it and feel its width before I inserted it. She moaned softly as she sucked, clearly pleased by this new toy. I pulled it out of her mouth with a 'pop' and quickly replaced my fingers with its tapered tip. I returned my mouth to her nipple, this time tonguing it more vigorously and biting down hard. Her breathing rate increased sharply as I slowly pushed the wide dildo inside of her. Panting heavily, she seemed satisfied as I continued to pump it in and out as I strapped the rest of it to her thin waist.
I looked back at Tori for my next instructions. She was looking on, clearly turned on by my actions, fingering herself as she did.
"Kneel in front of me," she snapped.
I quickly obeyed, looking into her eyes for more.
"Lick me," Tori whispered assertively.
I quickly obliged, thrusting my face and tongue into her waiting pussy. She moaned appreciatively and held onto my head for support. I moved my tongue up and down her snatch, licking broadly for one stroke, then pointing my tongue and pushing it inside her, then moving all of my attention to her clit. She soon started panting and running her gloved hands through my hair as she moaned.
"Finger me," she added.
I moved my hand up her leg, inner thigh, then pushed two fingers into her waiting pussy, while still continuing my assault with my tongue. She really started enjoying this and grabbed my head to keep from falling, her head rolling back in pleasure.
"Other hand, too," she added.
I quickly obeyed her latest command and brought my other hand up the back of her leg, caressing the inside of her thighs and butt cheek. I could feel the heat of her sex as I drew my hand nearer. I dipped two fingers in her wet pussy to lubricate them before trailing to her other hole. I heard her breath in sharply in anticipation of the new intrusion. I slowly circled her backdoor with my wet fingertip until I felt her relax. Then I slid one finger inside, slowly moving deeper. She gripped my hair tightly as she enjoyed the simultaneous stimulation.
Abruptly, she ordered me to stand.
I withdrew my fingers and tongue from her wanting body and rose, as ordered. I was quite aroused by this point, as was quite obvious by my stiffened cock. Tori gestured towards the waiting statue and positioned me in front of her as she knelt on the furry rug. Tori guided the statues mouth towards my waiting cock and as soon as her lips felt the tip of it she knew exactly what to do with it. She gently took it into her mouth with a swirling tongue. Then she swallowed it deep into her throat and held it there for a moment before rhythmically moving it in and out. Tori was enjoying the show, fingering herself as she watched me get a blowjob from the masked girl. When she decided I was sufficiently warmed up, Tori moved in between us, facing me. She kissed me hard, passionately, then took my hand and pulled me towards the floor. We ended up kneeling in front of each other, Tori in the middle with the statue behind her. I was beginning to see what the double ended strap-on was for.
Tori grabbed my pulsing dick in one hand and positioned the other end of the statue's strap-on with the other. She leaned back into the dildo, slowly pushing it into her backdoor. Her hand tightened around my dick as the dildo moved deeper inside of her. She gasped as she bottomed out against the other end of the strap-on that was inside of the statue. I watched the statue squirm in response to Tori pushing her dildo deeper inside of her. Tori's eyes then locked onto mine and beckoned me towards her. I inched nearer to her as she pulled my dick towards her waiting pussy.
"I want you to fuck me, Damon," she panted.
My cock twitched in response. It turned me on to have my wife giving me orders. I pressed my cock into her and reached around to grab her butt for leverage. I began thrusting, in and out, pushing her small body with each thrust backwards into the dildo. Tori moaned each time, as did the statue behind her as she was also feeling the weight of my thrust through her end of the dildo dildo. As my thrusts became more forceful, so did the moans and grunts of both women in front of me.
Tori's first orgasm in the Statue Room rapidly crescendoed from the double-penetration and her cries echoed in the alcove. Far from done, however, her hips kept gyrating and her hands pulled my hips into her, desperation for a second climax etched on her grimacing face.
I was just as much a sex toy as the rubber dildo, no more a meaningful participant in the act than the statue. My wife was fucking herself silly on both of us "statues" and it wasunbelievablyerotic to be used like this by her.
Where the hell did this bacchanalian banshee come from?!
The blue light, the strap-on, my kinky wife, the room full of latex-covered sex toys all came to roost as I rutted deep into my wife, blowing a massive load into her as my orgasm thundered. My balls were pumping themselves dry as I continued pounding her relentlessly
"Oh God...oh God...Damon...DAMON!!"
The waves of cum hitting her vagina sent her into another orgasm, riding on the final waves of its predecessor. Her hand went to her clit and her face pinched up in extreme pleasure and pain, the culmination of the boldest sex act either of us had committed up to that point. Seeing that look on her face was more than worth anything I would do for her...because, ultimately, this is what I was doing for her. Nothing else mattered.
Quite literally I fell out of her onto my side, exhausted. My mouth was dry and my head was swimming from dehydration. My entire groin was blessedly numb, considering how much blood pressure had been building in there for the last hour.
Tori was so devastated she could barely hold herself up. She managed to roll off the statue toward me, the dildo slipping from her ass and wagging lewdly in the air still embedded in the statue's pussy.
Struggling to my knees, I carefully laid Tori on her side, then collapsed beside her, facing her serene, sexy face. I tenderly brushed the sweat-streaking hair from her forehead, enjoying the sound of her deep breathing. Two bottles of water magically appeared by our heads. I looked up to see a hostess in a latex catsuit silently walking away. Taking one, I drank deeply, almost finishing it in one pull. I cupped my hand and poured water into it, then gently dribbled it down Tori's forehead.
Her eyes fluttered open and focused on me. She smiled, took a deep breath and stretched out like a cat. I took the opportunity to pour water on her chest, watching the water flow down between perfect tits under the dress.
"I'm thirsty," she said softly, so I handed her the bottle. She looked up at me shyly as she drank. Her large hazel eyes showed only warmth and sought my approval once more. The banshee was gone...for now. And certainly not for good, I hoped.
I traced my fingers over the leather down her sternum, running along the underside of her breasts and generally luxuriating in her divinity. I had no regrets. I would do anything for this goddess, who pleasured me equally in return, but beyond that, who also made me happy in every possible way.
"That was...intense," I said reverently.
She chuckled. "Oh, babe, you came so much! It was almost painful but it felt so good when you two were inside me."
"I'm glad you enjoyed it." I popped an eyebrow playfully, implying more than just the fucking.
"Baby, that was unbelievably sexy! Thank you so much for that."
I winked at her. "C'mon, let's go get something to eat."
—THE GANGBANG—
The Dining Room was fully stocked with a casino-style buffet, but with a twist: everything was brought to your table by a scantily-clad waitress. There were no chairs, only Roman-style lounges, and there was hardly a piece of clothing to be found.
Neither of us wanted anything heavy, instead settling on pieces of fruit and some honey to get back some of our energy. Both of us drank plenty of water and special lotion was brought at our request that would relax our sensitive genitals.
Tori had changed out of the dominatrix outfit and into a gauzy robe supplied by the establishment that was just opaque enough to require effort to see through, but still rewarding for those who tried. We relaxed and chatted, talking and laughing like we were on any regular dinner date, oblivious to the fact that we were essentially naked in front of dozens of other people. This thought did flash across my mind from time to time as I saw other men gazing approvingly at my wife, and the familiar pride swelled in my chest as I watched her pose and stretch her lithe body for my benefit.
We discussed some of the more interesting contraptions we had seen in the Statue Room, joking about where we'd put them in our house. We also talked about some of the sexier things we had seen this evening as well as how nice this place was in every way. The employees were very good: you really had to look for them amidst the crowd, but they were there, keeping everything as sanitary as possible, mixing, mingling, and fucking their way through the crowd, managing party crashers and stagnant regions of the floor with equal efficiency. The subtle but clear signs of regimented control made it all the more easy to completely relax and let go. As we have already seen, I thought to myself, grinning ruefully.
"What are you smiling about?" Tori asked, popping a grape in her mouth.
"Five," I announced.
"Five what?" she asked, tilting her head cutely.
"Five guys. That's how many I want to see you with. That is, if you're still up for it."
She teasingly mini-shrugged, then fixed me with a sultry grin as she slowly licked another grape from her fingertips. "I was wondering when you were going to bring that up."
"I just wanted you to have a chance to recover. That fucking you gave yourself in the Statue Room was pretty intense."
"Mmmm, yes it was...but I think I'm okay now. Whatever that lotion was, it worked miracles. I feel as relaxed down there as I did at the beginning of the night."
"Really? You've been relaxed down there at all tonight? I've been one continuous erection for pretty much the last two days," I joked. "But yes, that stuff is probably going to save lives tonight."
"So why five?" she prompted.
"Because I think you can do better than that amateur we watched earlier."
Tori is a competitive person and I had every right to manipulate her, just as she had done with me in the Statue Room. All's fair in love and orgies.
"Who did you have in mind?"
"You're going to pick them, actually."
"Really? That might take awhile. Are they just going to follow us around while we look for the rest?"
"No, I'll show you in a bit. Finish your grapes, slut, and we'll get out of here."
She did so and we returned to the main dance floor, which had returned to a party-style atmosphere. It was at least 4 am, but these people were still going strong dancing and playing sex games. I led Tori by hand through the boisterous crowd to a tall thin man in a charcoal suit standing behind a velvet rope.
This is the part I remembered from the website: the master-of-ceremonies, who would coordinate specific requests for guests, from the trivial and fetishistic to the obscene and unheard-of. Mine was fairly simple: I required five straight men, to be selected by my wife, who would then fuck her according to strict rules I laid out.
The Master nodded, then stepped back to consult a sleek desktop on the table behind him. After a few moments, he picked up a microphone and over the MC announced, "Would the following numbers please assemble in Lounge 3...." He rattled off a list of wristband numbers. I lost count, but at least twenty numbers were called. A hostess materialized and the MC gestured at her. "She will lead you to the appropriate room and establish the code of conduct for your entertainment. Enjoy."
The hostess was stunningly beautiful, dressed in skin-tight satin with long blonde hair and light blue eyes. But she was made of ice, exuding a stand-offish air that squashed any sexual desire, at least in me. I have no time to waste on ice queens, not in all the years since meeting my wife. Without a word she turned and strode off. Tori and I followed.
We passed through a different exit from the dance floor, passing through a long hallway with several widely-spaced doors. We soon arrived at a door marked with the Roman numerals, "VI."
"Before we enter, I need to know your expectations."
"Everything up to and including triple-penetration; no pain and no rough play, though 'assertive' behavior is acceptable; no talking, but natural sounds are fine; no ass-to-mouth or back-to-front, all other swapping is okay." I took a deep breath. "Messy throughout is good and a Bukkake finish."
The queen nodded once in acknowledgment. "If she gives orders, is she to be obeyed?"
"Absolutely. In fact, she runs the show until she or I say otherwise." I felt Tori shiver beside me.
"Fine. Audible as you like. I will be monitoring the whole time."
I wasn't exactly thrilled to have a referee who looked like she hadn't orgasmed in years. Apparently my poker face slipped, because she zeroed in on my facial expression. "Per the waiver you signed, I am required to be present to ensure nothing unwanted occurs. It is not negotiable."
I shrugged, nonplussed. "As you say. We're ready to go in."
We entered a circular room where a spotlight over the very center provided the only illumination. Under the spotlight sat what looked like an oversized square ottoman made of brown leather. The room was large enough that I couldn't see to the walls, but I could just make out the glint of skin across the way. Apparently the hopefuls had already gathered. I let Ice Bitch run the show...for now.
"Please step into the light, forming a line facing this direction," she ordered.
Twenty men stepped forward, a range of races, sizes, and musculature. All were fit and attractive. I was a little embarrassed that we were attending a function with an acceptance policy bordering on eugenics, but I consoled myself that surely I was here only because my wife was hot enough for both of us.
Speaking of my wife, she was intently evaluating her prospective gangbangers. Taking a quick glance, I targeted a few who would be her "type:" a tall, nordic-looking man with brooding blue eyes standing slightly apart from the others; a dark-haired guy with an aristocratic air like Pierce Brosnan and a rather long penis; a shorter, well-defined guy with a crew-cut and a couple scars across his chest. I was fairly confident they would make the cut. Other than those three, however, I had no idea which others would be the lucky bastards to fuck my wife.
She started picking. Sure enough, Northman, 007, and Gladiator made it. The other two were a tall, broad-shouldered man with Mediterranean features and a particularly athletic black man with piercing eyes. I had never considered my wife with a black man and the thought was exceedingly erotic.
"The rest of you, thank you for your time, now please exit the room." No one thought to question Ice Bitch. She then proceeded to clinically explain the rules of engagement, emphasizing obedience to my wife's instructions.
Tori seemed hesitant, unsure what to do next. I put my arm around her, slowly walking her forward to the edge of the light. Stepping behind her, I cupped her breasts though the robe. "Those men are at your command, my love...they won't do anything unless you tell them to. On the other hand, they will do anything to you that you ask for. Use them however you want. And remember: I'll be watching." I stepped back into the dark.
Slowly she stepped into the light, looking young, vulnerable, and glorious in her diaphanous robe. All of the men had visible reactions: Gladiator looked surprised, 007 grinned, and Northman stood up straighter and turned slightly toward her. I was intrigued by this: he looked like a predator focusing on prey. Looking at the others, I realized all of them were exerting some kind of dominant body language toward my wife; nothing overt or threatening, but pure interest in her sexuality. They were all older than Tori, at least early-30s, and 007, despite his wiry frame, had to be over 40. She looked like a gazelle surrounded by herd bulls, seeing each other for the first time.
She delicately walked up to Gladiator, stopping a foot in front of him. He remained stock still as she reached out and traced the scars on his chest. Then she slowly walked around him. I couldn't see what she did back there, but Gladiator took a small, sharp breath, and his growing cock jumped. She walked around back to the front, then continued to 007.
His attitude was different; he stared back at her frankly, evaluating her as she was him. He had a slightly hairy chest, and while she had never been into that, she reached up and brushed her hands through it as if testing its novelty. As she stepped around the side, he followed her with his head as far as he could. I noticed that she dragged her nipples across his arm as she passed.
Walking behind 007, she continued to the Spaniard, and as she came around the front she started swaying to an unheard rhythm and pressing her body into his. While caressing the outline of his torso, she sensually slid down the length of his body, dragging her breasts across his skin. His hardening cock was brushing up her stomach and between her breasts on its way to her face when she abruptly stopped and quickly ground her body against him as she stood back up. I smirked at the breathless look on his face as she continued to the Athlete.
Without hesitation, she motioned for him to get on the floor, face down. My wife slowly stepped over and lay down on top of him. She whispered something in his ear, and he gathered his hands beneath his armpits and pushed himself up, hardly affected by her weight. He started pushing up and down, rocking his body slightly to keep from daggering his hardened dick into the cushioned floor.
It took awhile, but he eventually started grunting, which drew forth a soft sigh from my wife. After a few more reps, she told him to stop, and he held himself upright as she dismounted.
"Roll over, I want to see you do sit-ups."
He flipped over and assumed a bent-leg position, putting his hands behind his head and immediately crunching up until his elbows touched his knees. Tori was breathing heavily, staring down at his rippling eight-pack for several reps before she stepped over him. He stopped going up to his knees, but continued crunching as my wife slid down his thighs and sat on his lower stomach, pressing herself onto his naked cock.
He took the opportunity to sit up into her chest, holding his face between her breasts for a two-count before slowly lowering, then quickly flexing back up into her. Tori started rubbing her breasts across his face every time he came up, and finally put her arms around his head to keep him in place while she smothered him with her soft flesh through the flimsy robe.
Eventually she released him and stood as he watched intently from the floor. The shaft of his cock glistened wetly.
Lastly was the Northman. He was still looking at her like a timberwolf sizing up a hare, but not a muscle moved on his body as she reached out and touched his hip. She seemed fixated on the muscle line running at the top of his thigh, the "David." She reached out with her other hand, touching the crevice on the other side. Still not a muscle on his body twitched. Everything about him seemed as hard and cold as the Ice Bitch...except the eyes: they burned intensely down at my wife, who seemed oblivious to their stare.
After the intensity of the Athlete's workout around her body, my wife's tentative behavior toward the Northman was clear enough: while she felt comfortable taking charge and ordering the Athlete around, she was instinctively submissive with the Northman. His posture and bearing was alluring to her on a completely different level and I knew he was going to play a pivotal role in all this.
Slowly her hands returned to her sides, then she turned and sauntered over to the ottoman. Bending over, she lewdly flashed herself to the men behind her as she crawled onto the furniture. She then turned and settled onto the ottoman facing them.
"Come stand around me," she invited.
As the men took up positions around her, I walked around so that I was in front of her, still hidden in the dark. Knowing that they were watching--that I was watching--she closed her eyes and pressed a hand between her legs. Silently at first, she played with herself, keying in on the sexual tension from her walk-around and acknowledging her power over these men. Eventually soft moans could be heard from her throat, the faintest high-pitched gasps of arousal as she massaged her clit.
Opening her eyes again, this time slightly glazed with lust, she looked around at the chiseled bodies standing over her. "Play with yourselves," she said. The slightest hint of urgency in her voice was arresting and erotic. All but the Northman took their cocks in hand and began stroking themselves. Tori's breathing became heavier as she watched the orgy of masturbation she had elicited; all but the one, anyways. He was neither defiant nor uninterested; rather, with his hands clasped behind his back he was insisting that his penis, standing proudly before him, was for my wife alone to play with.
I think she read it that way, too, because although I know she loves watching men play with themselves, her eyes were drawn to the tall, stoic man who refused to comply. She seemed to be contemplating this, and must have approved, because she slipped the robe from her shoulder, freeing the breast closest to him. "Lick me, here," she said, touching her nipple with a fingertip. With what I considered admirable restraint, he slowly knelt down beside the ottoman, leaned forward, and took her breast in his mouth.
Her head rolled back and she sighed aloud; her fingering temporarily stopped as she luxuriated in the man's tongue. She reached up with her near arm, cradling his head to her breast and pushing it further into his mouth. The others were fixated on their cohort's ministrations. Looking up at them, however, she caught their attention before anyone could start to feel too jealous.
"Form a line in front of me."
Quickly doing so, the first man up was Gladiator. He was still stroking himself as Tori reached up and cradled his balls in her hand. Knowing how the sudden warmth can feel on a sac, my breathing started coming heavier as I watched my wife's simple but pleasurable contact with another man. That was only the beginning.
After a moment of fondling, Tori lightly drew her hand back towards herself, still cradling his balls, pulling his cock toward her face. His hand fell away as her mouth closed around it. She took it almost halfway down, fairly impressive considering its girth. Still lightly lifting his balls, she pulled back out, then did it again, trying her hardest to deepthroat him. Without interrupting the Northman, who was still passionately sucking her nipple, my wife pulled the cock from her mouth and lifted it, licking from the balls to the tip a few times before taking it deep one last time. Finally she released him and he took himself back in hand while stepping aside.
As the Spaniard stepped forward, she whispered something down to the Northman, who smoothly switched sides, sliding the rest of the robe off her shoulder, letting it puddle around her hips. The Spaniard stepped around him, presenting his hardened tool to my wife. This one she treated like a lollipop, licking up and down the sides, swirling her tongue on the underside of the head, licking the balls but never suckling on them. The man waited patiently as she teased him and was rewarded when she lifted his balls with the side of her face to get underneath. He accommodated by swinging a leg up onto the ottoman and I watched as my wife licked another man's taint. His stamina gave out before her desire did, so he, too, moved off to the side, barely avoiding premature release from my wife's talented mouth.
Once more, before 007 stepped up, she whispered something to Northman. He nodded and moved back, allowing her to scoot back so that she was in the center of the ottoman with her knees over the side. Northman positioned between them, and put his mouth over my wife's wet pussy. She immediately started moaning out loud and writhing, and 007 grinned appreciatively at her slutty behavior. She didn't forget him, however, and soon motioned for him to come around the ottoman and kneel by her head. She propped herself up on her elbow and leaned over, taking him into her mouth. She stroked his cock while she sucked, since it was long enough for her to do both simultaneously. He was looking down on her intently, and she looked up at him, removing his dick long enough to say, "You may touch me, if you want."
He reached down and took a tit in hand while also running his fingers through her thick, dark hair. Her breath suddenly caught in her throat as she released his cock and gazed down at Northman, who continued to silently work her clitoris with his tongue. I could see his face rubbing back and forth across her crotch, her hips gently countering his motion. Eventually she just fell back onto the ottoman and 007 took this as his cue to step back. Tori continued moaning, louder and louder, finally reaching down and pulling the man's head away. She took a few moments, then leaned forward and pulled him up to her. She said something else, he nodded once, then leaned back, allowing her to spin around up on all fours. Leaning back in, Northman spread her cheeks with his hands and started eating out my wife's ass.
Shivering, she gestured for the Athlete to come over and stand in front her. He did so, and, once again by her command, leaned forward to receive his blowjob. After seeing her getting oral and giving oral at the same time, I was even more excited to see this position. She looked like an absolute slut, sucking a guy off while having her asshole licked. She was clearly enjoying it--her hand had drifted to her pussy and she was still trying to flex her butt cheeks around Northman's mouth.
The Athlete pulled out early, too, clearly overcome by the situation. He stepped back, allowing Tori to relax and enjoy the Northman's obvious talent with his tongue for a few moments.
Soon, however, she pulled forward, smiling and licking her lips back at Northman. He merely stared back at her, waiting to see what she would do next.
She started looking around past the men into the darkness. I stepped forward, partially in the light, allowing her to see my cock as I stroked it. She looked at me, eyes blazing. Sensing the unspoken question, I nodded my head. While I doubt she could see my face, she caught the gesture, and I saw a small shiver go down her spine. I stepped back into the dark as she spoke, still looking towards me.
"Now that I'm all warmed up...I want each of you to fuck me. In every hole. Use my body for your pleasure, but don't cum until I tell you to."
After a moment of stunned silence, 007 reacted first by stepping forward and lying down beside her, holding his long cock toward the ceiling. With one final glance in my direction, Tori turned and straddled his erect cock, lining it up with her tight, shaved, sopping pussy. Slowly she lowered herself onto it and I watched as it went inch-by-inch deep into her. She was watching, too, her hair mixing with his on his chest. As I suspected, he was too long for her petite frame, and she adjusted her hips forward so she could still come down hard but not bottom out. Then she began slowly rocking her hips.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Ice Queen step forward and silently hand a bottle of lubricant to the big Spaniard, who spread some on his fingers as he approached the ottoman. As my wife continued to rev up her vagina, the Spaniard gently began stroking two finger up and down her butt crack. She turned her head and made eye contact with him.
"Put them in me," she commanded. He must have done so, because she arched her back and gasped, then started pumping herself up and down on 007's cock. The Spaniard proceeded with fingerbanging her back door, holding his hand in place as her movements created all the friction. After a few deep thrusts in tandem with her rocking, he pulled his fingers out and began lubing up his cock.
As Spaniard was doing so, Gladiator and the Athlete stepped up to the Ottoman and presented their cocks to her for another blowjob. Tori enthusiastically accepted them, taking one in hand while she licked and sucked the other, then switching. Underneath her 007 was groping her breasts and lightly pulling on her nipples as he thrust up into her. The Spaniard finally got himself situated and knee-walked onto the ottoman and closed up behind her. She stopped rocking and sucking and leaned forward, presenting him with the best angle for penetration. Her head was basically facing me, but her focus was intently on the cock pressing into her ass. I stepped forward, however, bringing my lower body into view. She glanced over, not seeing my chest or face but staring at my throbbing cock as I stroked it.
This affirmation that I was watching and rock-hard visibly increased her arousal and wantonness; she pushed back into Spaniard, moaning loudly as he slipped inside her. She looked back at my crotch one last time before returning to blowing Gladiator's fat cock.
After years of fantasizing about it, I was finally watching my wife take a cock in her pussy, ass, and mouth, and between her moans and telling 007 to pinch her nipples "Harder!", I barely held onto my load. She looked ravishing: beautiful, sexy, slutty, and forever mine, even if she was being triple-teamed by complete strangers. Total, unselfish love, resulting in unquestioning acts of sacrifice for our partner's pleasure--we were realizing that tonight, and damned if both of us weren't enjoying the hell out of it!
Not surprisingly, the Spaniard had to back out first. My wife's ridiculously tight ass was more than he could handle after a few short minutes. As he stepped off to the side, Ice Bitch reappeared, this time with evaporate-away antibacterial spray. He quietly applied it, taking care to cover his entire package.
Meanwhile, 007 had also tapped out. Tori simply leaned forward onto all fours, still taking the Athlete down her throat as Gladiator waited for 007 to extricate himself, then he moved in behind her and took aim with his cock. I figured it would take some work getting that monster in, but I was wrong: they were both wet enough--from her mouth and pussy--for him to slowly but surely force his way in. Tori's head fell to the side and one hand shot straight to her clit, but she took it all the way in, moaning loudly as he gradually sawed back and forth into her. His moans joined hers as her vaginal muscles flexed around his thick meat.
Oddly enough, I only just now noticed Northman standing off to the side, his hands once again clasped behind his back. His expression was no less predatory, but somehow it was also contemplative. Also, since his penis was still stiffly pointing at my hot wife, I knew he was into this. I had really only noticed him because he had glanced in my direction. I considered stepping back into the shadows, but he turned away dismissively and I figured that he would ignore me for the duration of the evening.
On the ottoman, Gladiator was rotating his girth around inside Tori and the Athlete was now lying with his hips beneath her. His cock rested on his stomach as she licked and sucked his balls. She pressed her face into his crotch going for the taint and he reached down to smear his balls across her face. She returned to licking the underside of his balls, then she herself smeared her face over his sac.
Gladiator finally pulled out, gently holding the base of his cock to keep from shooting. 007, who had been lubing himself up, took Gladiator's place, but went for my wife's other hole. She stopped him, however, and directed the Athlete to get up. Laying down on her back, Tori brought her legs up to her hips, presenting 007 with her asshole. Without pause he drove in with his long, thin penis, easily sliding in to the hilt after Spaniard had loosened her up. She yelped, but smiled devilishly and resumed playing with her clit.
I was amazed that she hadn't come yet, nor shown any signs of pain, especially after having so many orgasms tonight already. Whatever that lotion was, it worked miracles: she was enjoying everything being thrown at or in her and still coming back for more.
The Athlete was standing astride her, almost in 007's face. The latter was a good sport, leaning back to provide room for his counterpart, who slowly squatted down and pushed his cock into Tori's somewhat-looser pussy after Gladiator's abuse. From this downward angle, the Athlete's cock was rubbing 007's through the thin tissue in between, enhancing each other's pleasure while sending my wife through the roof.
Tori was becoming increasingly vocal, telling the guys to 'fuck her ass' and to 'come here and give me that cock.' The Athlete obliged, pulling out of her cunt and placing it directly in her slutty mouth. She hungrily swallowed it down, licking her pussy juice from his shaft. He pumped in and out of her mouth, gagging her a couple times and eliciting a wet cough before pulling out and nestling his dick on her chest. 007 continued pounding her ass as the Athlete pressed her tits over his cock and began fucking her cleavage.
"I need something in my mouth!" she exclaimed. Her head was tilted back, and Gladiator stepped forward with his cock pressed to his stomach and placed his balls in her mouth, since there wasn't room to maneuver around for a blowjob. Taking a cock in the ass, fingering herself, getting titty-fucked, and scooping spit-covered balls in and out of her mouth was the same girl who had walked down the aisle toward me as a complete angel, dressed in white and making me fall in love with her all over again. Here, at the complete opposite end of our depravity, I was having the same reaction. Tori, in every way, was perfect to me.
Without warning, Gladiator turned around and squatted down over my wife's beautiful, flushed-with-lust face. She eagerly began licking his asshole. I could see her tongue flicking up and down his crack as she rolled her head around beneath him. His saliva-covered balls were resting on her eyes and forehead, but she rubbed her face against them continuously as she tossed him. He quickly stood up, fingers around the base of his cock again. I could relate...she knows her way around a man's asshole.
Spaniard took the opportunity to find out, too, taking Gladiator's position over her prone head and presenting another asshole to be licked. My wife did not disappoint. Probing, licking, swirling, she ate him with gusto as her own asshole was being reamed and her breasts abused.
At that point, the Athlete shocked everyone by releasing a sudden blast of piss all over her chest, using his position to coat her beautiful B-cups, chest, and neck in his warm fluid. Ice Queen, who was standing next to me, immediately started forward, but I stepped in front of her. At the initial burst Tori had stopped licking and had pushed Spaniard up from her face, but hadn't done anything to stop the Athlete. Instead, when I stepped into view in front of Ice Queen, she fixed me with a lust-crazed expression on her face and reached up to Athlete's streaming cock, taking it in hand and redirecting the flow higher. I held my breath and my cock throbbed as it blasted across her neck, her chin, and finally she closed her eyes as the stream hit her face. She sprayed it all over—on her nose, along her cheeks, even in her hair—I realized what the ultimate form of my wet-hair fantasy was. The Athlete's prodigious flow finally began to wane and she opened her mouth to take the last of the stream. She opened her eyes, still looking at me, and slowly pushed the clear liquid out of her mouth, pouring it down her cheek into the mane of her hair. She didn't even blink as he blasted a few final streams across her face.
From across the room we stared at each other. Her body started rocking as 007 picked up his pace again, and Tori's heavily-aroused breathing and flushed, wet face looked unbelievably fantastic.
"I love you," I mouthed silently to her. She was still panting and looking at me with those smoldering eyes when Spaniard's ass came back down over her face and she resumed her work on him. She didn't have to say it back. She had just showed me how much she did.
It was too much for 007, who pulled out and started squeezing his cock desperately to keep himself under control. He held on, but only just.
After a few last broad licks down his crack, Tori pushed Spaniard up again. She gestured for Gladiator to lie down on the ottoman. She took the lube and poured it over this thick cock, stroking it a few times to work it in. Her back was to me, but she looked over her shoulder in my direction as she reached back and inserted two fingers into her ass. She fingered herself for a few moments, then stood up onto the ottoman, facing away from Gladiator as she placed her feet on both sides of his hips.
I knew what she was doing: she wanted to prove she could do what that Thai woman had done earlier. Squatting down, she pointed Gladiator's penis at her asshole, then slowly sat down on it. Her breathing came in short, staccato grunts as her muscles stretched to accommodate his girth, but rather quickly she was sitting astride him, her full body weight driving his cock deeply into her ass. She groaned loudly when he started rotating his hips.
Leaning back, she looked at the Athlete. "Fuck my pussy," she commanded, and he obeyed. She played with her clit as he pushed into her. Her pussy lips were red and inflamed, looking entirely different from the beginning of the night.
Her attention shifted to Spaniard. "Get the lube and pour it on my chest. I want your wet cock between my breasts." As he moved to obey, she gave 007 a sultry look, then tilted her head back and opened wide.
007, smiling roguishly, stepped up to her face and thrust his long cock down her throat. She usually has to work up to a deep-throat, but I had always wondered if it had something to do with the angle. 007 proved me right. I watched the bulge in her throat move back and forth and she seemed more than happy with his deep penetrations. The two cocks sawing in and out of her pussy and ass might have played a part in that, too.
Meanwhile, Spaniard had squirted lube all over Tori's glorious tits and straddled her chest. Mashing her slippery breasts together, he inserted his cock and balls, quickly working out a rhythm while the men underneath drove up into her. As he groped her, he took her nipples in his fingers and started pinching them rather hard.
Between the Thai and my wife, Tori won, hands down. The cock in her ass was massive; the cock in her throat was longer; the cock in her pussy had just pissed all over her face; and she had an additional cock titty-fucking her chest. My publicly shy, playful, adorable wife was pleasuring four men simultaneously and still managed to be the one driving it all. Even as they used her body, she was still getting off on them. She was a sexual goddess.
007 pulled out, giving her a chance to catch her breath, then he stepped forward over her head. She immediately pressed her face into his crotch, and he reached back and pulled her head up further. I couldn't see what she was doing, exactly, but 007's sighed with deep satisfaction. He stepped back slightly, giving her access to his balls, and I could see her chin moving rapidly as she licked and sucked on them.
Perhaps because of his up-close perspective of her dirty mouth, Spaniard let go of her breasts and stepped off to the side, fanning his dick to increase the cooling evaporation. The Athlete followed soon, too, pulling on his balls to forestall ejaculation.
Gladiator lasted another thirty seconds before simply lifting her off of his cock. Bench pressing her light body, he erotically held her aloft as she continued to frantically lick 007's taint before he, too, stepped away panting heavily.
Tori looked flagged. Her jaw hung open limply as she fought to catch her breath. Gladiator gently placed her onto the ottoman, and her body lay where it fell. Her hand, though, was still rapidly thrumming her clit.
Abruptly Northman strode over to Tori and picked up her legs where Gladiator had placed them. Lining himself up on my wife's drooling snatch, he pushed himself in to the hilt.
"Time to finish," he announced. I thought Ice Queen was going to reprimand him for speaking, but when she didn't, I wasn't really surprised. I had noticed earlier that Northman wasn't wearing a wristband like the rest of us.
The four men quickly formed a semicircle around her head. She was moaning again, rubbing her clit and pinching her nipples.
"Fuck me...fuck me harder...make me cum..." she whimpered, and I realized she was probably almost painfully aroused by now. After lasting so long without release she was desperate to cum. So, too, were the men. She looked up at them, moaning, "Cum on me...cover my face..."
The big Spaniard was first, grunting as he stroked, firing three thick ropes down across her mouth and chin, followed by a few lesser shots that dribbled across her forehead. Tori's back arched and she groaned as the hot jizz hit her face, which was quickly followed by 007's load, which came out as rapid-fire spurts so close together it seemed like one five-second long hose of sperm on her eyes, forehead, and up into her wet hair. Her fingering became more forceful, as did her moans, as Northman jackhammered into her.
Gladiator, standing at the top, announced that he was coming, holding his monster up at an angle and dropping a Peter North-style load of long white streaks that went from her nose all the way down to her tits. Tori automatically took some in her fingers and started rubbing it into her nipples. Her orgasm was rapidly approaching and the Athlete couldn't hold back any longer as the tremors started up her body. He shot his load all over the side of her face and a little in her ear, much of it running down into her spit- and piss-soaked hair.
The earthshattering orgasm which consumed her was loud, powerful, and infective; despite his obvious experience at these events and accustomed posture of control, Northman could not hold back as my slutty, beautiful, degraded, perfect wife orgasmed around his cock. He held on through sheer willpower to keep himself in check long enough for her ecstatic cries peak, finally letting go with a battlecry over my wife's writhing form and unleashing a torrent of cum into her dirty, used body.
As his shout died out, Northman looked down, shaken by the intensity of his actions and breathing heavily. He pulled out and walked around to her face. Staring at my wife, the predatory lust had vanished, once again replaced by the contemplative expression as he shook the last few drops of ejaculate down onto her thoroughly glazed face. The moment was brief, however, and he looked up at the other men and Ice Bitch, thrusting his chin at the door. Silently all of them turned and walked out of the room. Still standing over my moaning wife, Northman watched her, taking his hand and squeezing from the base of his cock to the head, forming a final drop of cum. He stood patiently as it grew heavier, finally falling free and dropping onto my wife's heaving chest.
Northman slowly stepped past her off the ottoman, then silently strode from the room.
Tori was lying on the ottoman still coming down from her orgasm as I approached. One hand still held a sperm-covered nipple while the other had fallen limply from her clit after Northman had finished her off.
Her face was an absolute mess. Her eyes were glued shut by pools of sperm, and puddles of the white liquid had formed on her neck and under her bottom lip. It streaked across her face and into her wet hair, down to her breasts and dribbled across her shoulders. She smelled of sweat, piss, cum, lube, and pussy. She looked--and smelled--like ultimate, wanton, uninhibited sex. I don't think I ever wanted her more than I did at that moment.
Slowly I crawled up to her on the ottoman between her legs. Gently I pushed my cock into her well-used pussy. She hissed, and I reached out and took the hand over her breast in mine, pushing it up past her shoulder as I slid on top of her in the missionary position. I was overcome simultaneously with lust and affection for my used wife, tenderly brushing strands of hair out of the mess on her face.
"I love you so much, baby," I whispered to her. She snuggled into my embrace, weakly wrapping her arms around my back.
"Did you enjoy it?"
I smiled and simply flexed my cock inside her.
"May I cum inside you, love of my life?" I asked.
"Please...please cum in me, my love..."
I needed no other encouragement, sliding in and out of her with ease. She gamely wrapped her legs around me as I thrust into her. I didn't last long, a dozen strokes at the most. I kissed her again as I came, moaning into her mouth as I flooded her with my sperm, adding mine to Northman's. She moaned with me, more content than aroused, but perfect for the moment. I kissed her shoulder—the only semi-dry part I could find—then pulled out of her and stood. .
Robes had materialized at the edge of the light. I took one did my best to clean her face, removing the excess fluids. She kept her eyes closed so the jizz wouldn't sting them, but otherwise I managed to get most of the cum and lube off of her face and chest.
Swaddling her in the other robe, I scooped her up and carried her down the hall and into one of the private bath rooms. It was a mix between a sauna and a Japanese bath, lots of hot steam but with water for washing. A myriad of cleaning supplies was arranged nearby, and, laying her out on the warm stones, I set about cleaning my filthy wife.
I sluiced hot water all over her body, washing away more of the mess. I followed that with a rub down using a warm washcloth on the parts of her body not covered in cum. For those parts, I switched to a soapy loofa, rotating it to pull the sticky mess away from her skin. Between each swipe I poured more hot water, working my way up her body and finishing by delicately washing her face. I slid her over to the edge of the warm pool, soaking her hair and gently working out the tangles. Lifting her head out of the water, I shampooed and soaked, shampooed and soaked over and over until there were no traces of gunk anywhere in her beautiful mane. I finished with a coating of expensive conditioner specifically designed for brunettes with color-treated hair.
To dry her off, I took two hair dryers and passed them over her body, careful to stay far enough away so that the blowing air wasn't too hot. Satisfied she was dry, I quickly wrapped her in a dry robe to keep in the warmth. My final act was to rub that magical lotion over every inch of her body, my hands gliding beneath the robe as I massaged it into her skin. Even after cleaning her face, she had never opened her eyes, though she was awake for the bathing. During the drying, however, she dozed off, and she slept right through the lotion massage and the ten minutes I took to clean myself. When I stepped out of the bath, our clothes were hanging in garment bags by the door. More than that, however, Northman was also by the door.
"She is your wife, correct?"
"She is, yes."
He nodded thoughtfully. "She is something special. You," he pointed between Tori and me, "are something special."
I simply looked back at him, the knowledge on my face the only agreement he needed.
"My name is Erick and I own this club. The last time a guest made me cum was over eight years ago and required far more effort than your wife used. Normally my wife is the only one who can get me off, which is also why she was present tonight."
I nodded, unsurprised. In my mind's eye he and Ice Queen were a striking couple and I almost regretted not seeing the two of them together. I was certain she would be a much different person under his intense sexuality.
"You two will be added to a special database which allows access to any of my clubs around the world free of charge. The rules of testing and the waivers still apply, but you will always be welcome guests, and there are special events that you will be invited to. This club is by far my most visible; the others are highly exclusive and the clientele decidedly more...select. You will not need to worry about transportation or lodging."
I pondered how this clientele could be more "select."
He looked down at Tori dozing peacefully. "She is magnificent. Do not lose her, for you will never find her equal."
I agreed, but gave no response.
After a moment he looked back up at me. "The benefits begin tonight. Transportation is waiting outside. You may keep the robes if you don't want to change into your clothes, which may be left here. They will be delivered as well." He inclined his head ever so slightly at me. "Enjoy the rest of your vacation, Mr. Riest." He turned and walked out.
I looked at my sleeping wife, considering the deep sincerity of his compliments. She really was magnificent, the other half of me, and the source of all of the real happiness in my life. Once again, I could only shake my head in wonder at Fate's benevolence.
I scooped her up again and carried her outside. Sure enough, a limo was waiting for us. Sailing back to the hotel, I stared out the window, deep in thought as the sun rose over the Nevada desert.