All characters in this story are at least 18 years old.
*****
SATURDAY
I left the Velvet Club that Saturday morning in a state of high arousal. I was horny. Incredibly horny.
You may think that after being face fucked and sucking off two well-hung men, after them both cumming generously over my face and hair, filling my mouth to overflowing with sperm, then being fucked bareback from behind, long and hard by one of them until he pumped my eager wet pussy so full of even more hot fresh spunk that it ran freely down my naked thighs, that after that I'd be sated and replete.
Absolutely not. It just aroused my appetite and made me hungry for more sex. Desperately hungry.
Having cleaned myself up after my encounter with my student David Jordan and his father at the Club, I was again dressed in my yellow t-shirt with the round neck and jeans, and sandals on my feet, and I left the way I'd come through the back door to the car park.
Tossing my brown leather bag onto the front passenger seat, I folded myself into my car and started the engine, pausing to look once more at the unremarkable service entrance. Despite having only seen the Club in the harsh fluorescent lighting of day, I was intrigued and more than curious.
Starting the engine, I drove carefully away and into town to the central multi-story, then made the short distance on foot to the shopping area most frequented by the town's college and university students.
The area had a mixture of coffee shops, charity outlets selling second-hand clothes and other things, shops for used DVDs and games, party shops, and discount stores. I browsed through some of the cheap clothing, then went into the party shop where I was surprised at the number of saucy fancy dress outfits; cowgirl, nurse, and witch, among others. They also had lots of stockings, including hold-ups, garters, and suspenders, mostly luminous pinks, greens, and blues as well as multi-color hoop designs. There were tiny many-layered skirts made only of brightly colored netting, and wigs of short, bob, and long hair in outrageous tints. There was face paint and Glam make-up, balloons, cards, and party games. I made a few purchases and a discreet inquiry directed me down another street with related but more serious outlets.
Ducking into an ethnic mini-market I threw on a just-purchased rather loud attention-grabbing jacket and tucked my long dark hair inside a short purple wig, then left quickly and entered the first of three Adult Stores almost next door to each other.
The passage led to the right with sexy posters on the right outer wall, then left into the actual shop, presumably so that no patrons of the store could be casually observed from outside when the front door opened. It was like Aladdin's cave of erotic wonders.
"Hi. Anything I can help you with or would you like to just look around?" The voice belonged to a nice clean looking guy with short brown hair, maybe in his thirties, medium height and build, in jeans and a black t-shirt with the Adult Store logo on the chest.
I didn't recognize him as having anything to do with school. "I'll just look if that's okay?"
"Sure, no problem. I'll leave you to it, but if you want anything explained or want help finding anything just ask."
He had a nice smile and a non-pressurizing approach that must have made customers feel relaxed. It did me. Looking at the first display of dildos and vibrators in various colors, sizes, and textures I felt that familiar stirring. It also featured nipple clamps and remote control egg vibrators. I was enjoying myself and wished I hadn't put my bra back on. I craved some attention.
"Do you get many women in here?" I asked over my shoulder while stroking a vacuum-packed realistic feel flesh-colored eight-inch vibrator with an enlarged circumcised head and at the other end a big scrotum and suction cup that would grip any smooth flat surface, or so it claimed.
"Yeah. A few students but usually in groups of three or more; and later in the day, some more mature ladies on their own." I noticed he didn't ask me anything about myself, and supposed company policy respected customers' anonymity.
"Do they put male customers off, or...?"
"Some male customers seem happy to just have them in the shop, a small number try to chat them up. Depends on the customer."
"Excuse me a moment," I said, and drifted around the corner to the entry corridor, out of sight. Putting down my bag I took off the jacket and quickly undid my bra under the yellow t-shirt and pulled it out through the arm holes, putting it in the bag. Settling the bag strap once more over my left shoulder, jacket on but undone, I returned around the corner into the shop.
"I think I'd like to see more," I said and strolled to the next stand. This display had body harness straps, see-through teddies, bra-less corsets, and edible panties.
"These look fun?" I ran the leather of a harness strap through my fingers wondering how I'd feel wearing it.
"Yes, quite a few are bought as gifts." The clerk came out from behind the till and stood next to me, looking at the display. "They can be worn with any bra and briefs of your choosing or none. Quite versatile."
"What would you recommend? For me?" I asked provocatively.
Before he could answer, the door jingled and the sound of footsteps announced the arrival of a potential customer; an older man, maybe fifty with grey hair and a belly sagging over his jeans belt, stretching his blue t-shirt.
Pulling the sides of my loud jacket behind my back and facing the shop clerk with the new customer to my left, I again invited scrutiny and advice, hoping my bra-less state was obvious.
"Would you recommend underwear? Or naked in the harness?" My breathing quickened and I could feel my chest moving. Would he take the bait and play the game?
"You're a very pretty girl with a taut body. You'll look amazing either way, Miss."
It was a bit too diplomatic for me. I turned to the customer who had been watching and listening.
"Excuse me, sir, I was just getting an opinion on this black leather body harness. It's suitable apparently for wearing with a bra and knickers, or naked. What do you think?"
The man looked at the item which was basically a belt, a pair of shoulder straps like men's suspenders, and two lower straps that would hug under the body rather like a climber's harness. The waist belt incorporated a couple of steel rings a hands width apart at the front, each a couple of centimeters across. Each of the two shoulder straps was attached to one of those rings at the front, meeting in a loop around the belt at the back. Also from each front ring hung one of the two lower loops, a short horizontal cross-strap joining them a hand's width below the waist belt, both loops meeting at the back of the waist belt with the straps from the shoulders. From the short cross strap at the front hung two stocking suspenders.
"I guess we'd need to see you in it," he wisely suggested.
"I'm so sorry, but we don't have a fitting room," the shop clerk informed us.
"Hm. Do you have any pictures of it being modeled?" I asked, stroking the soft leather.
"Well no, not that one."
I looked at the box containing the edible knickers, with its photograph of a bare-breasted pretty blonde. In fact, a lot of the merchandise featured topless girls baring their breasts.
"Don't you think you should? You might sell more if you did. You could have a poster right here, next to it," I pointed to the space on the wall next to where the harness hung. "And it's not like you have a policy against showing girls naked tits, is it?"
I enjoyed saying, "tits," in front of the two men.
"Indeed not, Miss. In fact, if you look over to the next section you'll see we have magazines on display that feature both bare breasts and pudenda, shaved, trimmed, and natural."
Following the clerk I looked at the magazine and DVD section where most of the covers sported totally naked girls. The male customer had joined us and looked over the covers with a knowing eye.
It was delicious, but I didn't know how to manipulate them into making the obvious suggestion.
"Perhaps I could try the harness over my clothes?" I suggested, looking at the clerk, "And you could take a picture with your store logo in the background. If it's any good you could get it enlarged poster size at that Print Shop?"
"I don't suppose there'd be any harm, and I can run it by Head Office," mused the clerk, which was good enough for me.
Taking the harness off the display hooks and watched closely by both men, I stepped into the lower loops, then had to loosen the belt and refasten it snugly around my waist, the leg loops tight into my jeans making a dramatic black-edged open triangle over my crotch. Slipping the shoulder straps up I let the clerk adjust them at the back for length, the thin black leather running over my nipples which were now quite easy to see through my yellow t-shirt. Moving over to the till with its Store Logo on the wall behind me I leaned my hands back against the counter and smiled for the clerk as he held out his phone.
"You can use from my nose down, ok?" Even with the short purple wig, I wasn't sure I couldn't be recognized.
"Sure, Miss, we'll edit it in a minute." I noticed that the customer behind the clerk was taking his own picture. That was fine.
"So what d ya think?" I prompted.
"The jeans don't look right," said the customer. Good for him. Maybe this was going to work, after all.
"Oh!" I feigned surprise and confusion. "What do you think we should do about that?"
"Well, you could take 'em off?" suggested the customer, and I looked at the clerk as if the idea had never occurred to me.
"I dunno," I replied, "and it's not like there's a changing room, and would Store Policy allow that?"
"It's no biggy," replied the customer before the clerk could answer, and he hurried over to loosen the belt and shoulder straps so I could climb out of the harness, then held it for me by the shoulder straps while the clerk looked indecisively on.
"No peeking!" I teased, turning mostly away from them, and unsnapped the jeans button, sliding the zip down, pulling the jeans over my hips to my thighs, stepping out of the jeans and sandals both together, pretending I didn't know that the men were watching closely, or that the customer was again taking pictures.
Standing straight in my braless yellow t-shirt and cream color bikini-cut cotton briefs I climbed back into the harness letting the customer fasten the straps, which he did with minimal fuss before standing behind the clerk once more. I posed again and both men took more photos.
"Well?" I asked and moved toward them to see their pictures. "Oh, that's much better!" I commented, liking how good my legs looked, and how the leg straps pulled my cream knickers into a nice camel toe, the shoulder straps pressing into my breasts and emphasizing them, my hair messy with what looked like clumps of gel in it.
"We should cross the shoulder straps over to go between yer tit, er, boobs," suggested the customer, and I replied enthusiastically,
"Yeah, that would separate my tits and frame them at the same time!" The customer came around to undo the straps and refasten them once crossed over and we took more photos. I was very conscious that my nipples would now show through the thin top, and just knowing that was enough to make them pucker and point even more delightfully. They took plenty more pictures.
When we looked through them again I couldn't resist suggesting we try it with the Store Logo t-shirt instead of mine. The clerk disappeared into the back, returning a few moments later with a box of t-shirts in various sizes. While he'd been gone the two of us had again undone the shoulder straps. We found the smallest t-shirt in the box. Because it was black I didn't think the harness would show up or my nipples stand out, but it might still be fun.
Turning my back to them I lifted my own yellow t-shirt over my head and squeezed into the tiny black one with the Logo across the chest, turning again to face them. Once more the straps were crossed over and tightened and I posed, my tummy exposed from the top of my knickers past my navel to halfway between my tummy button and the underside of my breasts, just below where the straps crossed.
"It's too dark." I came to look at their pictures and had to agree with the customer.
"Yep," I sighed, turning my back for the shoulder straps to be undone. Once loose, I let them fall then peeled the black t-shirt up and off, dropping it on the counter. I was now topless. "Ok, do me up again," I said, not crossing the straps this time, and moved nearer the Store Logo on the wall in just the harness and my cream knickers, the shoulder straps carefully covering my nipple points, the pink circles showing either side of the thin black leather.
"Shall we?" I invited, posing again, the leather rough against my swollen nubs, stimulating me further. They took a lot more pictures.
"Let's do the cross-over," said the customer, and standing with my back to them we made the adjustments. Then facing them once more at the counter I posed shamelessly baring my nipples, tits in full view of two strangers, being photographed and loving it.
"Can you use these, d'ya think?" I asked the clerk, who just nodded. The customer kept taking photos.
I'm a total sucker for being photographed. It does something to me, like throwing a switch, maybe because of how much I enjoyed an earlier encounter with a camera club back before my university days. Leaning sideways I picked up the box cutter from beside the till and sliced through the side seams of my knickers, pulling them away and dropping them by the till with the knife.
The two men stood there, mouths open in shock.
Apart from the harness, I was naked. Nude. Bare assed. Bare titted. Pussy bared. I knew the leg straps and cross-strap would be framing my dark neatly trimmed bush of pubic hair, while also squeezing my smooth pussy lips from each side to make them puff out. My framed tits were capped in pink puffy nipples and my face was probably a picture of lustful excitement.
After a moment's hesitation, they snapped and snapped away getting their fill of photos. I absolutely loved it.
Just then the door jingled again and we hastily scooped my clothes and the t-shirts behind the counter, where I stood struggling into the tiny store t-shirt, hidden by the counter from the lower belly down.
A middle-aged couple came in and went to a section I hadn't looked at yet. The clerk went through the same welcome he'd given me, and the other customer leaned on the counter scrolling through his last set of pictures.
"Excuse me, Miss," the lady looked at me, "but can you help us with these butt plugs?"
"Please, let me," interrupted the clerk, "she's still getting used to our products," he continued, then talked in low tones with the couple. They were both fairly unremarkable, trim, dark-haired, he in jeans and button front blue shirt, she in a loose brown sweater and knee-length pale brown skirt over brown knee boots.
They made their choices and brought the items over to me. The clerk came around the counter to ring them up on the till. "When I've scanned each item, pop them in the bag there," he prompted me, "and also put in the free contact magazine and sample DVD," pointing to the box of each on a shelf just below the counter. The couple watched me closely, and when I glanced at them, smiling encouragingly like a good sales girl, I noticed they met my eyes but also scanned what they could see of my body down to my bare midriff, everything below that being hidden by the sales counter that I was leaning against.
"That harness looks cute on you," the lady commented, nodding her head at the black leather straps appearing from under my too-small black t-shirt just below where they crossed over between my breasts to meet the waist strap rings, before continuing down my bare belly and disappearing out of sight below the counter. "Doesn't it, dear?" she added to her man. He nodded, smiled, and continued to ogle me.
I smiled sweetly back, "They're available here on that stand behind you."
"It wouldn't suit me as well as it does you, dear," she smiled in reply.
The store clerk scanned the first item, a Medium butt plug, and handed it to me.
Picking it up I stroked it sensuously wondering whose butt it would go in, looking at each of them in turn. "His butt," the lady said, and looking her man in the eye I kissed the thin end and glanced at her for approval. She smiled and nodded. Next, the clerk gave me a vacuum-packed silver vibrator which I stroked from tip to base, then bagged. Finally, he gave me what looked like a horsetail whip. I looked quizzically at it, holding the cone-shaped handle, and looked up at the lady. "It's a pony butt plug tail," she said, eyes sparkling. I grinned, kissed the thin end of the handle, and popped it too in the bag, adding the contact magazine and DVD.
Handing the bag to the man I felt the lady's fingers on my arm. "Do you have a card?" she asked. I was confused, but the clerk passed over a business card with the Store Logo on a black background on one side, and white on the reverse with phone and email details. "There's also one in the bag," he added.
The lady wrote on the white side and gave it to me. "We have parties, dear, which you might enjoy. That's my number. If you call me, mention we met today in this store." She gave my hand a friendly pat and they left.
The clerk patted my shoulder, then opened the photos on his phone, cropped a few to only show me from the nose down, attached them, and sent an email to someone on a Store email address.
"This is my favorite," said the customer, showing the clerk and me one from my knees up in just the harness, eyes smoldering.
"Are you going to masturbate over it?" I asked.
"Oh yeah!"
"Well if you print it out and cum on it, print a picture of that and give it to this guy here, and I'll pick it up."
"Tribute, huh? Yeah ok." And with that, he turned and left the store.
"That was really sexy," I said.
"You're not supposed to kiss or fondle the customers' purchases. They were very good about it."
"Yeah, I know, sorry, but they quite liked it?"
The clerk got an email back. "They like your pictures, especially the last set. But I'd need you to sign a contract allowing the Store to use your photo," he said, scanning the reply.
"I can do that, provided it's nose down. In return for this harness?"
"Haha, I can let you have that, Duty Manager's perk."
"Wow! Thanks! What about that butt plug tail? The orange fluffy one?"
"Haha sure, you can have that too, and a sample DVD and Contact mag."
"Thanks! How about I come in next Saturday and we can go through the contract?"
Soon after I was dressed in the jeans and my t-shirt, braless with the harness still under, and headed to a coffee shop.
Over a creamy mocha, I discreetly looked through the contact magazine inside another of more conventional material and goggled at how bold many of the entries were. I also transferred the handwritten number from the back of the card into my phone.
When I got home I quickly stripped naked apart from the harness, and lying on my bed knees wide apart I energetically masturbated, working my clit and vagina with busy fingers while wondering what lewd advert I'd want to put in the Contact mag. Picturing the customer from the shop doing the same as me and ejaculating gallons of hot fresh sperm over my printed picture I came in a ripple of connected orgasms that left me hungry and thirsty. I really was sliding back into depraved behavior.
SUNDAY
On Sunday I enjoyed a lazy morning, trying to keep my mind off the impending Inspection. I sent an email to Alice and, remembering the couple from the Store, I tried their number.
"Yes, hello?" said a voice I recognized as the lady from yesterday.
"Oh hi, this is, um Angela," quickly inventing a false name, "Angela or Angel, we met in the Adult store yesterday? The sex shop? You were admiring my body harness?"
"Haha oh yes, as if we could forget you! My husband talked nonstop about how gorgeous and sexy you are, all the way home!"
"Wow, I mean, thanks. So um, you said to give you a call?"
"Yes, dear. We sometimes have Adult parties at our house, and as I said, I thought you might enjoy some of them. In fact, we have a few people round now, let me just tell them I'm talking to you," then in a more distant voice, "It's the lovely creature from the sex shop, she called!" To me again, she asked, "Can I put you on speaker, dear?"
"Er, yes, of course!"
"Great, you're on speaker and we can all hear you... Can you still hear me?"
"Yes, and hi everyone, I'm, er, Angela?"
I was met with a variety of hellos, no names, difficult to tell how many people but definitely both men and women.
"Yes, dear, my husband thinks you're incredibly gorgeous and sexy, and so do I, and everyone here is so jealous they didn't meet you. Do you work the store often? I'd remember if I'd seen you there before."
"No, that was my first day, sort of a trial thing; don't know if I'll do it again."
"That would be a shame because with you there they'd get a lot more visitors. Especially in that teasing outfit that you were wearing! There are so many things we'd love to ask you."
"Sure, ok."
A new voice, a man asked, "How old are you, Angela?"
"I'm twenty-two."
"Wow, just about perfect, haha," he replied.
Another male voice asked, "Do you have a boyfriend, Angela?"
The room went quiet, and I realized I must have been hearing murmuring in the background.
"No, not at the moment," I answered, then added, "Would it matter?"
"Haha, not if it doesn't to you, sweetie!" said a nice female voice, and there was general good-natured laughter.
"Um, what do I call you? I don't know any of your names?"
The lady I'd called said, "I'm Selina, and my husband is Mike. You can get to know the rest of us when you visit, Angela."
"Sure, Selina."
She continued, "I was wondering if you'd like to visit one of our little parties, one of the gentle ones, not necessarily to join in, just to be eye candy to get everyone in the mood?"
"I'd certainly consider it. How many of you are there?"
"Today there are eight of us, four couples. Sometimes there are more, sometimes less, but there are seven couples in our circle of special friends. All around our age, so you'd be the youngest by quite a long way. Would that be ok, dear?"
"Yeah, sure, no problems so far. So, um, what exactly do you get up to at these, er, parties?"
"Haha, good question, honey, or perhaps, Angel? But it's better we explain that when you're here. That's why I suggested you come visit us with no expectation of joining in. The only thing we ask is that you keep it just between ourselves. But if you work in a sex shop you're already used to not blabbing about what folks like."
"You can trust me on that, I won't tell if you won't!"
"Now, just so that we have the right mix of guests here next week, what kind of sexual things interest you, dear?"
And so we chatted. I found myself describing some of my favorite sex fantasies over the phone with a bunch of unseen strangers and loved it. I knew I was slipping back into my old habits but just couldn't help it.
By the time I put the phone down, I knew I wanted to visit.
MONDAY (first session after morning break)
Inspection week started well. Even though the Team wouldn't be here until tomorrow, we were all on an Inspection footing, pulling together under the Headmaster's leadership, facing the enemy together.
The roads had been fairly quiet for once, and the traffic lights were mostly in my favor again. My classroom was set up, lessons for the whole week prepared, notes and plans printed, and files on the computer.
After Morning Assembly Mr. Cosgrove asked me into his office.
"Now, Miss Kay. This is your first school inspection, and I want to make sure that you're okay and prepared."
"Of course, Mr. Cosgrove, I appreciate you taking an interest in me." I stood in front of his desk, arms by my sides, relaxed, looking down at him as he sat in his big leather chair, wondering how far he would take this, Day 1.
"It's been suggested to me that since you've taken to softening your dress style just before Inspection week, I should make sure that your, um, choices, are, shall we say, suitable? Would that offend you?"
He was taking Mr. Jordan s advice, and proceeding cautiously.
We both knew that he had already taken a big risk, laying himself open to suggestions of harassment and unprofessional behavior. But Mr. Jordan had promised him it would be okay, and clearly, Mr. Cosgrove trusted and respected his judgment. That was worth knowing. And of course, there was no way I was going to undermine the authority of either of the Jordans, father or son.
"I wouldn't be offended at all, Mr. Cosgrove. I welcome your opinion. Should I move to the side of your desk and turn round so that you can see properly?" And without waiting for his answer I moved to my left around his desk, standing where he could see all of me.
"Yes, much better," he replied, "I think a clear view of what you're wearing is most helpful. Turn slowly around so that I can see you from all angles?"
As ordered I rotated on the spot, while he started at my feet and worked up. The black 1-inch heels led into medium-weight black stockings, mid-thigh light tan cotton skirt loose from the hips down, cream long sleeved button front tailored blouse fastened all the way up to its raised collar and tucked into the skirt, dark straight hair in a neat ponytail, single gold stud in each ear, makeup subtle.
"Hm," he mused, "professional yet cute. Not quite as cuddly as the white t-shirt and green sweater you had on when I popped into your lesson last week." He looked into my eyes to judge my reaction.
"No, you're right Mr. Cosgrove, that was much softer. I had second thoughts about that outfit, though. I wondered if my bra showed through it too clearly. I don't suppose you noticed. It would be useful to know. Do you think it's okay if you can make out through my top what kind of bra I'm wearing?"
Just then the bell sounded for First Lesson and he was spared trying to think of an answer as we both left his office for our respective classrooms.
The mood in school was buoyant. The Headmaster had given a cracker of an assembly, explaining that our last Inspection had been a short one and we'd been specially chosen for a much fuller one this time to set a standard for others to be measured against. He made us all feel very special and the students were quietly excited but full of confidence, all fired up to do the school proud. My first lessons went well, and after the morning break, it was time for my Seniors.
As they were coming in David was giving someone instructions for a party on Saturday afternoon. I just hoped they'd stay focused on our lessons and not be thinking about the coming weekend. Once they were settled I placed on each desk a printed sheet, then returned to the front of the room and leaned back against the edge of my own desk.
"The sheet in front of you has three questions related to our text. They are all taken from recent examination questions. I would like you to consider them carefully, because, for the next three lessons, we'll go through one question each day, just talking through possible answers and making notes. You already have the knowledge and skills you need, but we're not going to rehearse because it'll look so much more impressive when your comments are spontaneous. I reckon you'll wow the Inspectors whichever lesson they visit."
The students were looking thoughtfully at the printed sheets and seemed to be taking this very seriously. I was almost overwhelmed with affection and respect for them all, knowing they would indeed do their very best to look good. For me. A Quid pro Quo.
Most of the lesson was spent with them quietly making their own written notes, relating the questions to the pages of material that we'd gone through last week. With about ten minutes to go, I started to wrap things up and lighten the mood. After all. Our visit could be tomorrow.
It was only after they'd gone that it occurred to me; I hadn't proved that I'd followed The Instructions, Dave's instructions, to wear anything I wanted above the waist, but hold-up stockings and a short skirt below. Specifically no briefs.
TUESDAY, INSPECTION DAY 1
The Inspection Team had arrived at school! The nervous anticipation was almost crackling the air so that you could feel it. We had no idea which lessons they would sit in on, and since they could drift in and out of lessons as they chose you never knew till the end if you were spared.
I decided to try something a little softer for Mr. Cosgrove, a reward to encourage him to keep making suggestions and comments.
After Assembly, he took me aside in the corridor.
"That blue suede skirt looks shorter than yesterday's?" He looked into my face and saw only encouragement. "It shows more of your legs in those stockings.. Or tights?"
"Stockings, hold-ups," I confirmed.
"Ah, very nice!" Again he looked into my face to see if he'd gone too far and satisfied he repeated, "Yes, very very nice. I see you've gone for a white t-shirt top, under a blue cardigan sweater this time?"
"Yes, you seemed to like that look the last time I wore it. But if you remember I was a bit worried that my bra showed through?"
"Sadly, I don't have time to give you a properly thought-out opinion on that, now that the Inspection team is here. Carry on doing a good job and I'll see you on Friday."
And with a quick glance over my chest and legs, he was gone.
I had my now favorite class last session of the day, and I'd not been visited yet. Which made me think surely this is The One.
We started in a calm manner, all expecting the door to open any time, but after a few minutes, we were in our stride and just carried on. As we went through the prepared exam questions, I turned it into a kind of game.
Like in a well-known TV panel show, when anticipated answers were given I made the whiteboard screen light up with the same answer, but this was positive reinforcement only, just reactions to correct answers that were rewarded with the sound of applause and cheers and a display of fireworks. The class loved it, and it became a kind of challenge to try and get what they called the Champagne page.
By the time the lesson was over they'd done well and we'd all enjoyed ourselves. They could hardly wait to do it again tomorrow.
I only hoped I hadn't used up my best lesson before being observed.
WEDNESDAY, INSPECTION DAY 2 (Last session)
Again I went through the whole day of lessons waiting to be observed, finding the tension quite tiring. By the time it came to the last session of the day, again with my seniors, I was about worn out and had had enough.
They all filed in quietly and took their seats, their exam questions and notes in front of them. They must have sensed my mood because the excitement of yesterday wasn't there.
"OK, let's have a go at the second question," I said, and as they turned over the page there was a firm knock on my door.
Everyone stopped. They looked at me. They looked at the door. I unfroze and headed over to open it.
"Wait!"
That was Dave at the back.
"Remember the deal. It's time for us to deliver. Sparkle, everyone!"
I could have kissed him, I could have cried. I could have hugged every one of them. Instead, I gave them what was probably a stupid nervous grin and opened the door.
"Good afternoon, Miss Kay. My name is Mr. Mavers, and I will be observing this lesson."
He came right in and sat towards the back, on Dave's right and behind Brian and Sandra.
INSP Dave
Fair hair, Rugby player
Brian Peter John
slim dark hair, runner Skinny dark hair Skinny dark hair
Sandra Alicia Sarah
curvy blond Slim brunet Trim redhead
Miss Andrea Kay
"Carry on as if I'm not here," Mr. Mavers added.
And so we began. The time was now, all that we'd prepared for. All that I'd paid for in embarrassment and humiliation; and enjoyed.
It started slowly because they were nervous too, but with a couple of witty prompts from Dave things soon took off and once again the Champagne Page proved a hit. They were flying. They seemed to remember the important points we'd gone over and the way they threw the discussion between them was like a literary basketball game. I was so proud of them.
At the end of the session, Mr. Mavers turned to his left and asked Dave, "Is every lesson like that?"
"I can honestly say that we look forward to every lesson with Miss Kay, and can hardly wait to see what she's going to show us. It's always worth it." Then to the class, "Am I right?"
There was an overwhelmingly enthusiastic response.
Once Mr Mavers had gathered his things and left we all let out almost theatrical sighs of relief and there were grins all around.
"Well done everyone, and thank you!" Yes, there were tears in my eyes.
"Well done, Miss Kay," said Dave, "do you remember at the start, when I said wait?" He was smiling at the memory, and I smiled too thinking about how he got everyone behind me. "Did I give you permission to open the door?"
It went quiet.
"Um, no Dave, I don t think you did?"
"So once again I have to ask, were you a good girl?"
"Er, no, I guess not Dave."
"If you wish to keep our cooperation, our deal, you will be punished, now. If you choose not to accept the punishment, our deal is over."
"I accept the punishment, David Jordan, for being a naughty girl." On top of the euphoria of a successful observed lesson, this was making me giddy. Was it pleasure or pain? Or both? The other members of the class were almost equally giddy with anticipation.
"Tuck the back of your skirt into your waistband so your bum is bared."
I did as I was told, heart thumping, and excitement racing through me.
"You will approach each of us in turn, apologize for being naughty, present your naked bum cheeks, and invite one single spank on your bared bum."
Which I did. It was a delicious reward for everyone for a great observation.
"Sandra, I'm sorry for being a naughty girl, please spank my bare bottom," and turning around I bent over slightly, and felt the gentlest pat on my left cheek. It was utterly humiliating and deliciously naughty.
Moving on to Alicia, who was next in the front row, I repeated the performance, then Sarah, in the middle row John, Peter, and Brian, I apologized to them each by name and asked them to spank my bare bum, which they did, all teasingly, not too hard, all following Sandra's example and most stroking my bum cheek while they had the chance. Of course, Dave at the back gave me the most stinging, hard spank that must have reddened my skin instantly. I glared at him, but he simply stated, "See me after. That's a taste of things to come!"
THURSDAY, INSPECTION DAY 3 (First Session)
Yesterday had been so perfect that I was on a high for Thursday's lessons. The first session with my Seniors was light-hearted and fun and completed the set of three exam questions, the class members adding oohs and aahs to the dramatics of the champagne page, and when they filed out I got a few genuine, "Thanks, Miss," from my wonderful students.
As it was the last day with the Team of Inspectors we didn't expect many lessons to be visited, and I wasn't surprised that I didn't see any of them in class again.
Once the Team had left, the Headmaster called all the staff together and thanked us for our hard work, our cooperation, and a job well done. It appeared that the preliminary feedback he'd been given was quite positive.
I left for home feeling buoyant and happy and picked out a more relaxed, almost celebratory outfit for the last day of the working week.
FRIDAY, AFTER INSPECTION (Last session)
I was so excited that I arrived early for school. Pouring myself a cup of coffee in the staff room, hoping to quiet the bubbling inside me, my thoughts were interrupted by a familiar voice.
"Ah, Miss Kay! How lovely to see you this morning, and in such a relaxed outfit!"
Turning to face Mr. Cosgrove, I replied, "Yes, I thought something soft and cuddly might be appropriate today?"
Again The Deputy Head cast an experienced eye over my cream t-shirt top and open matching cardigan sweater, before dropping to my short tan skirt, black stockings, and heels.
"Yes, very nice, but er, this probably isn't the best place, to, er," he dried up.
"Oh, Mr. Cosgrove, there was something I wanted your opinion on; would it be convenient to see you in your office?"
"Excellent idea! I mean, yes, now would be a convenient time," and I followed him out of the staff room and along to his office.
Once inside with the door closed Mr. Cosgrove again sat in his leather chair behind his desk while I stood at its side facing him.
He cleared his throat nervously.
"Yes so, er, Mr. Cosgrove, I wanted your opinion on my choice of outfit, especially the tops?"
"Ah, yes Miss Kay, come closer would you?"
Standing beside his chair my chest was about level with his eyes, and peeling back the fronts of my cream cardigan I asked, "So what do you think? Is the white bra a bit too obvious under the t-shirt?"
Just as I had hoped, Mr Cosgrove took a good, long, careful look at my chest, as if examining closely to determine if he could indeed make out the bra through the t-shirt. Since I'd chosen to wear the extra layer of a cardigan over my top, I'd decided to risk a thin, lightweight white bra that allowed my nipples to press firmly against the two layers and make subtle pokies if not covered. They poked now. And gently swelled under the delicious scrutiny.
"Ah-hem," coughed the Deputy Head without taking his gaze away from my chest.
"So, Mr. Cosgrove, what d'you think? I'd really value your opinion on my bra and top and if you think they look okay?" I even shook my shoulders gently to make my breasts sway, emphasizing their presence, and holding his attention.
"Yes, ah-hem, very nice, very nice indeed, a good choice, I think. It's not easy to make the bra out, but if I look very closely," -and here he moved his face even closer to my boobs- "If I look very closely I think I can see that you have a bra on under that rather tight t-shirt."
"Oh!" I exclaimed as if in mild surprise, "If it's that subtle, do my nipples show at all? I probably shouldn't be showing nipples at school, I mean not in front of students at least, but can you see the shape of my nipples?"
I could hardly be more blatant in asking, begging even, for the Deputy Head to acknowledge my pokies and comment on them.
"Yes, ah-hem, your, um, nipples do poke out a bit, Miss Kay, they do poke most attractively, very nice, most pleasing, though I don't think the students should get the benefit. Probably not appropriate? I mean, it's one thing to let a Senior member of Staff check your breasts and nipples, but not the students, don't you think?"
"You're very wise, Mr. Cosgrove, and thank you for your honest assessment of my breasts and nipples and my choice of tops. I'd appreciate your comments any time you care to share them."
We were sadly interrupted at that point by the bell for Assembly, and after giving the Deputy Head a last show of my chest and a twirl to show off my legs, we left his office to resume our more formal school activities. I wondered if next time I'd be able to talk Mr. Cosgrove into touching as well as looking.
The day progressed with my happy, buoyant mood persisting into the last session of the day. My favorite class. The whole school seemed pervaded with an almost holiday atmosphere, and my lovely students filed in, lighthearted yet respectful.
I summarised the examination questions that we had studied and then ran through the official exam answers and mark scheme, showing the class exactly what was needed to get the top score. Throughout, I found myself repeatedly using the words, show, see, score, satisfy, and approve, becoming increasingly aware that I was now begging David to reward me. My cardigan was, of course, open throughout, gathered on either side of my breasts to offer my lovely students the same view that Mr. Cosgrove had enjoyed.
There was also some give and take with them asking sensible questions to clarify their understanding. With about fifteen minutes of the lesson left, David put up his hand.
"Yes, David?"
"Thank you, Miss Kay. Would you like me to take over?" he offered.
I paused. Gasps and grins and a general shifting in their seats from my students, a sudden excited expectation.
"Oh, yes please!" muttered Alicia, the slim brunet who was front and centre.
"What do we think, class? This might be an appropriate time to give Miss Kay some feedback, some comments on how she's performed, and on what we've seen. I think we might just go around the class and either tell Miss Kay how we feel about her and what she's shown us or of course, you can pass or ask to go later."
The general murmuring was clearly in agreement with David's suggestion, and he invited Sandra at the front of the class on my left to start them off.
"Um, I think you did really well, Miss, and I'm sure the Inspector was impressed, and I loved the champagne page! You've made our lessons a lot of fun, thanks. Oh, and you've been a, well, I suppose the phrase is, such a good sport? Is that right?"
"Thank you, Sandra, that's very sweet of you, and yes, that's a good choice of words," and I laughed with her at the innocent description of my lewd behavior.
"Alicia?" David prompted.
"Well, I'm gonna say it. I like your tits! And that you get them out. It's really cool of you and yeah, I agree with Sandra, and I reckon I really learned a lot, so thanks, Miss!"
I smiled at Alicia and thanked her.
Sarah agreed with the other two girls, adding that she thought I was really brave stripping off but she loved me getting my tits out and bum.
Brian said he wanted to see my tits every lesson, and Peter and John said tits and bum, and then it was David's turn.
The students had all turned in their seats following the progress of the commentary and so we were all looking at David and probably unfairly expecting something amazing from him.
"So there you have it, Miss Kay. What d'you think?"
I hadn't expected such a short contribution from the architect of everything the class had so clearly enjoyed.
"Oh, um, I'm delighted you all liked the class, and have been so kind and made nice comments. I suppose I hope you'll always remember it all?"
"That's nice," David replied. "I think you should go around the class and thank everyone individually for liking your naked tits and bum."
"Oh!" I exclaimed, not having expected this. "Ok, er, Sandra." I approached her desk. "thank you Sandra for enjoying the lessons and for liking my naked tits and naked bum!"
She smiled shyly.
"How can you thank Sandra for liking your naked tits and bum when they're not naked? That really makes no sense, Miss Kay. But we can combine this with you proving that you obeyed the dress code you were ordered to follow. Repeat your clothing instructions for this week."
It was an order. It rekindled that flame, that buzz. The whole class tuned up a notch sensing another delightful escalation.
I stepped slightly away from Sandra so that the whole class could see me and stood with face lowered, feet together, hands clasped behind my back, and chest pushed forward. I hoped that Dave would recognize it as a submissive posture.
"Ah-hem. My orders were that I could wear whatever I liked above the waist, but below I must wear a short skirt and hold-up stockings, and absolutely must not wear any knickers of any kind."
We all knew I would have to prove my compliance. My heart was racing and the stir of expectation among the class could be felt without having to look up. I was panting slightly.
Dave held the suspense.
"Do you wish to prove your obedience, to demonstrate it, Miss Kay?"
"Yes, David, I wish to prove to you all and demonstrate that I'm not wearing any knickers under my skirt, that I'm a good girl."
"On your knees," he said.
I knelt down and as an extra, placed my hands on my head. "Please, everyone, please may I bare my bum for you and prove that I'm not wearing any knickers?"
The mutterings were clearly an assent. I smiled. My lovely class.
"No!"
I looked up in shocked surprise. That was David, of course.
"You will take off your bra, lift your t-shirt above your tits, and tuck the back of your skirt into your waistband. Then you will thank everyone properly for liking your bare tits and bum, and let them grope you. That will be a proper way to prove your obedience and thank everyone."
I stood up, removed my bra from under my top, lifted the back of my skirt to reveal my bare bum cheeks as instructed, and again approached Sandra.
I stood sort of sideways on to her so that she had access to my chest with her left hand and bottom with her right.
"Thank you Sandra for enjoying the lessons and for liking my naked tits and naked bum! Please grope them!"
Sandra giggled and briefly fondled my left breast and nipple, and my left bum cheek which she squeezed gently. We smiled into each other's eyes and I moved on to Alicia.
And so around the room, some gently caressing, some a bit rougher, but ending up in front of Dave. All eyes were on him.
"Stand to my right, Miss Kay, facing everyone."
I did as he told me, holding up my top which kept trying to slide down and cover my bare tits.
"Feet apart!"
I obeyed.
"Thank you Dave for enjoying the lessons and for liking my naked tits and naked bum! Please grope me!" I was wet between my legs.
"Would you like me to simply grope you or would you like me to do more?"
I gasped and breathed fast.
"Please, Dave, please do anything you want." I trusted him and had no idea what he had planned.
"Good girl!"
What a reward! My heart leaped in delight and my tummy squirmed, leaking a dribble of arousal down my thigh.
"I think it's time to reveal your pussy, Miss Kay."
David undid my skirt and let it fall to my ankles. This time it was the students who gasped. I felt, and they saw, Dave's right hand slowly caress up my left leg and start stroking my trimmed dark bush from behind and below. He inserted a finger deep into my vagina and started to pump it in and out, up and down in a forceful, possessive fucking. Wet slurpy noises were all that could be heard.
Two fingers now, pumping full length until they disappeared inside me and then withdrew until they were almost out. In hard and fast, out slow. Over and over. My students were mesmerized.
I had no idea how long it lasted, or exactly where in the public finger fucking he started thumbing my clit, but my orgasm built, my vision clouded, the waves rose, and under the stares of my students, stares I returned, I came. Orgasmed. Cummed.
It was almost explosive, a burst of ecstasy, of juices, of guttural cries. Of shaking knees, fire in my belly, mouth open, tongue out, eyes eventually rolling back.
I came back and glanced at the awe-struck faces of my lovely favorite students. They were all captivated.
"Fuck!" muttered Alicia.
It was all that needed to be said.
SATURDAY
Saturday morning, after a little hesitation, I returned to the Adult shop, again in Glam makeup and the purple wig, with dark sunglasses this time, wearing the harness under my black miniskirt and black crop top, no undies, but black hold-up stockings and two-inch black heels. A short black denim jacket from a charity shop completed my slut disguise.
I stood outside the shop for a couple of minutes trying unsuccessfully to peer through the windows but they were effectively blanked by the stick-on Adult Store logo sheets fixed to the insides of the glass. I think I was hoping that any patrons intending to go in would know that I was inside.
Once through the door, I walked quickly along the passage to the right and then left into the store, which looked just like it had last week, even with a new harness hanging where mine had been. No poster yet of it being modeled.
The same guy was behind the counter, and he greeted me with a friendly, "Hi," beckoning me over. He recognized me easily despite the garish makeup. Or because of it.
"The lawyer guy and the photographer are here, well they just stepped out for coffee since they've been here from about nine, but they'll be back in a few minutes."
"Wow! A lawyer? Photographer?" I felt a bit nervous like my spontaneous idea of last week was already becoming a monster out of control.
"Hey, no worries, it's no biggy. They dropped off a draft contract and hoped you might agree to something of better quality than my phone. No pressure. They liked your ideas but you can always change your mind. Ok?"
It was actually quite sweet how he was trying to reassure me.
"Oh, haha, and this was dropped off for you first thing."
I took the offered large envelope, unsealed, and pulled out a photo printed on plain paper. I giggled happily when I saw what it was.
"Last week's helpful customer dropped it off?" I asked, glancing briefly up at the store clerk. He just smiled.
I placed the picture flat on the counter. I was a photo of one of the photos of me, nude apart from the harness, full frontal, glam wig and all, but the original picture of me had been splattered with generous dollops of fluid.
"His tribute, huh?" I grinned at the store clerk, who smiled and nodded.
Given how little of me was still visible in the original under its generous splattering of tribute, he must have enjoyed it a lot.
Just then the door jangled and we both glanced over to see who was coming in. One young guy in a lightweight grey suit, another guy in a t-shirt and jeans, camera bags over his shoulders.
Leaving my tribute on the counter I turned to face them.
"I'm Angela," I said, holding out my hand.
"We recognize you," smiled the lawyer, "Bob, and the photographer, Billy." Both men held out their hands.
"Let's go in the back and talk," suggested Bob with a nod of his head, and so the three of us went through the plain black door in the back, passing tens of lewd magazine covers and DVD cases displaying uncensored naked men and women, some actively having sex in all kinds of positions. As we passed I glanced at many of them, curious and learning new things.
In the back room, we all sat in a little huddle on simple folding chairs already set out, a few cans of fizzy drink to hand among the boxed merchandise and an office desk behind Bob's chair.
"So Angela, those were some very exciting photos you took last week," he began, opening a can and taking a sip. "I'd like your permission to have on file all the originals of last week from the Store Manager's phone?" I just nodded.
"Feel free to change your mind at any time. After all, you offered us the idea, so if you don't want to go through with it we lose nothing, but maybe gain some marketing ideas. So please understand you're under no obligations, ok?"
"Sure, ok, I understand," I replied, stifling the urge to cross my legs in such a short skirt, instead keeping my knees firmly together. I took my capacious brown leather bag off my shoulder and set it on the floor, then took off the jacket, the middle portion of the harness visible over my bare tummy.
"Billy?" prompted Bob. The photographer took over.
"I wanted to see you, to judge for myself how photogenic you really are, and I have to say, you look great. You have that Amateur Girl Next Door look that's so adorable and very marketable. If you decide to go ahead and pose for marketing pictures I can produce what we both want. I can also offer you a modeling contract and the Store," here he glanced at Bob for confirmation, "will market and sell your product."
"Absolutely, and we're also going to start our own promotion offering cash for female customers who'll pose in-store at least topless, and allow us to feature them on our website."
"Wow, um, ok. So what now?"
Billy continued, "I'm thinking a Girl Next Door series, obviously, but also Girlfriend's Selfies, hidden cam catching you taking a shower or bath, all that kind of stuff. But we'll take it a step at a time. What d'ya think?"
"Um, I dunno, my career, er, I might need to ask my, er," and here a sudden flash of inspiration struck, "my Agent. I'll ask him and let you know?"
"Good idea," replied Bob, handing me his card. "Ask him to call me."
"Sure. When's a good time?"
"Normal office hours. I don't usually do Saturday mornings."
"Um, will you excuse me a moment? I'll try calling him now?"
Grabbing my phone from my bag I hurried next door and called David Jordan.
"Miss Kay! Hello!"
"Hi David, I don't suppose you're anywhere near your Dad?"
"Not right now, no. Why?"
"I need to speak to him. Could you give me his number?"
"No, but I can ask him to call you. Will that do?"
"Yeah, perfect, thanks! I'm sure your Dad will tell you all about it! Gotta go!" and kissing into my phone I hung up.
In the back room, I explained to Bob that I hoped to get a call from my Agent very soon, and then my mobile rang. No caller ID.
"Hello?"
"Miss Kay, you wanted to talk? Getting cold feet?"
Getting up again I went back into the store.
"Oh no, Mr. Jordan, quite the opposite," and I explained as briefly as possible and went back to Bob.
"It's my agent, Mr Jordan." I handed my phone to Bob.
"Hello Mr Jordan, I'm Bob Entwistle, contracts lawyer with the Adult Stores Franchise. Am I right in thinking you're the Agent for a very pretty shapely brunette called Angela, whose phone I'm on?"
I couldn't hear Mr. Jordan's reply but watched Bob's eyes watching me.
"So she's not a professional model?... Uh-huh... Oh! Your THAT Mr. Jordan!" Bob sat up straighter, and Billy suddenly look alert.
"Yes sir, I'll send over a draft contract Monday morning. Thank you, Mr Jordan."
Bob gave me back my phone.
"Ok!" Bob gave me a lovely smile. "As per Mr Jordan's instructions, I'll deal directly with him and he'll relay the information to you. I look forward to a profitable relationship!"
He held out his hand, which I shook, and Billy's, and they turned to go.
"Um, just one thing?" I asked, and they looked back at me from the door.
On a whim, I whipped the crop top up over my head and off baring my tits, then rolled the tiny skirt over my hips to the floor, suddenly naked apart from stockings, heels, and of course the harness.
"It's just, you know, I thought maybe, you might like...?" I stood there, feet apart and hands on hips biting my lower lip. I was anxious, intoxicated, aroused, and desperate for approval.
"Mr. Jordan said we were not to take any pictures of you until he'd reviewed the contract," replied Bob with a gentle, kind smile, his eyes roving all over my body.
Billy reluctantly put his camera away.
Again Bob held out his hand, and again I shook it which made my boobs jiggle, and then shook Billy's hand and this time they left, grinning broadly. Once they were gone, the store manager took a few snaps on his phone. "No one said anything about me," he said, smiling happily.
On a high, especially with the delicious uncertainty of what Mr Jordan might have just agreed to on my behalf, I declined the Store Manager's offer to help out in the shop but dressed myself inside the store which was sadly empty of customers, then went next door to each of the other two sex shops.
They were fairly similar but with slightly different collections of magazines and DVDs, though the sex toys were mostly the same. The first of the two shops seemed to specialize in BDSM with an abundance of bondage gear and magazines and discs to match. The other was into European pornography with lots of German kinks, festivals of sperm, and outdoor nudism, feeding my already feverish imagination.
One DVD cover featured a girls' soccer team on the cover, wearing nothing but long socks and soccer boots, tiny tops body painted from the neckline to above their bared boobs, and short-painted sleeves. It brought back delightful memories from University:
A boxing match, me holding the cards saying what Round it was, but stripping off an item of clothing each time.
An indoor badminton match, a lost bet, where I also lost an item of clothing with every point my opponent scored.
Shaking my head to try and clear the delicious memories of past erotic adventures mingled with inspiration for newer and even more bold and lewd ones, I left the last of the sex shops and went around the corner to the next place I was curious about.
Like most of its kind, the large windows at the front and the door on the right-hand side were obscured up to about halfway with TATTOO & PIERCING in large fancy lettering on some kind of big decal, and the inside seemed slightly dimmed though the wall coverings of example ink patterns were visible.
The door jangled and closed behind me with a slight thump, and advancing to the center of the space I gazed at the designs covering the three walls. Some were monochrome, others colored, but all clearly were photographs of actual inked skin, and being of a similar style I guessed that they were the work of the same person.
"They're all mine," said a voice from behind the counter which ran most of the way along the wall facing the windows.
I hadn't noticed the guy at first because he was sitting in the left corner, furthest from the door, partly obscured by the till.
"You read my mind!" I smiled at him. He was probably mid-thirties, with longish dark hair, a short beard, with a friendly face.
"Nah, everyone seems to ask the same thing," he grinned back.
"Well they're very good," I looked more closely at a few. "You do everything yourself?" I asked as nonchalantly as I could.
"Yep, just me here most of the time. Tatts and piercings. So what are you interested in?"
"Uh, just browsing, but also curious, and definitely interested, probably more in piercing than tattoos at the moment."
"Ok, sure. Well, we do all the normal piercings here. As I said, I do pretty much everything myself, but I have an arrangement with a lady Artist if customers are more comfortable with that?"
Hmm, that made me wonder.
"But you would do the work yourself unless I asked for the lady?" I asked as casually as I could, a deliciously naughty idea forming that was going to need confirmation.
"Sure, no problem Miss, I'll do any work requested. It's only if you especially wanted a woman to do it, that's all, but I'm totally cool with working on women. The only thing is, if you DID want the lady, it'd have to be by appointment when she's available. If it's me, I can do it anytime I'm open and not with another customer. I usually get a mate of mine to watch the shop if I'm busy working on a customer. Anyway, so what did you have in mind? Don't be shy, I hear everything in this work!" and he chuckled as if to try and set my mind at ease.
"Oh, I m curious about the most intimate of piercings and you did say you do them all?"
"Sure Miss, no problem. I do nipples, clitoral hood, labia, singles or rows, and have a selection of jewelry here and can order most anything else online and then fit it for you. So which do you think? Nipples or pussy?"
"That's a very good question." I pondered for a moment, relishing the delightful feeling inside of having an unknown man discussing my nipples and pussy. "Do you have any jewelry that can be worn BEFORE the piercing is done?"
"Sure do. If you look at this tray here," and he reached under the counter to bring out a wooden tray of silver items, "these, for example, are all sterling silver and would go over your nipples, see the hole in the middle of each one? Your nipple would go through the hole holding the plate in place against your areola. The bigger your nipples get, the better they stay on."
We both looked through the selection. They were all silver lattices, circular or ovals two to three centimeters across, the center hole sizes varying slightly.
"I'd need to try some on?" I suggested, looking up at him.
"Sure, you can use the studio, there's a mirror, but I'd prefer you only take two at a time?" He jerked his head to indicate the door over his left shoulder, presumably where all his equipment was.
"Actually, I'd prefer to have your help, and since there's no one else to mind the store...?"
Checking over my right shoulder as if I actually wanted the shop to be empty, I lifted my black crop top right up, suddenly exposing my boobs to this guy I'd only just met. Looking him in the face I watched his eyes explore my bare tits.
"Would you choose one and fit it for me? So I can see how this works?"
I was very aware that you didn't have to be a genius to know how to put these on, but the guy understood my needs and lifted a two-centimeter silver disc from the tray and pressed it against my left nipple.
Keeping my own hands busy holding up my top I offered no help so that he'd have to do it all, and after the briefest hesitation, he pinched my nipple and fed the bud through the hole in the disc. Mm, that felt nice, and also wonderfully inappropriate. My tummy was churning and I wanted more.
"Shall we try a different design for my right tit? Which do you think?" Again keeping my hands firmly on the crop top, hopefully making it clear that I wanted him to do everything. It occurred to me that he probably should have been wearing medical-type gloves. I was so glad that he wasn't.
While he selected a larger disc and started to feed my right nipple into it, I tugged the back of my crop top even higher so that from outside the shop it would be obvious that my tits were uncovered. All I needed to make this perfect was for someone to walk in and watch us.
"There, what d'ya think?" he asked, stepping back and considering his own handiwork.
I looked around for a mirror, and not seeing one stepped over to the window to use the reflection before he could suggest the back room again. There were a few people outside walking by, and two very bored-looking teenage boys with their mother who was looking in the window of the shop opposite. One of the boys saw me and nudged his brother without letting their mum know.
Pretending I didn't know that they were watching, I swiveled my chest a bit each way to make my tits sway, then took off the discs and pinched my nipples as if to help them recover. Satisfied that I'd given a good though brief show, I turned back to the counter and put the nipple discs down.
"I want us to try something smaller, a matching pair this time?" I suggested, puffing out my chest and holding the crop top out of the way, waiting for him to choose more discs.
He picked another two, a pair this time, and holding my left boob rotated the first silver disc over my nipple, pinching it as soon as it was through and helping it swell to keep the jewelry in place. As he let go and moved to hold my right boob, I asked my next question.
"So, um, do you ever do public demos of your Art, or of piercing? Or maybe not public as such, but er, in front of others?"
"Well now, it's funny you should ask," he replied as he gently fondled my right tit and fitted the disc over my engorged nipple. "There, how do those feel?"
"Haha, I was thinking of asking you the same question!"
He smiled into my eyes. It seemed that we understood each other. He went on, "I was wondering about doing some kind of video, or internet live stream of my work, maybe for advertising. But it could also help new customers prepare themselves for what they want to do. Like an infomercial? Faces wouldn't necessarily need to be seen?"
"Hm, I hadn't thought of that. But yeah, that might be ok, as long as no one will know it's me. You know, face covered or something?"
"Yeah, ok, I mean, we're not making porn here, just showing nipple piercing, right?"
"Yes, right," I replied, "and clitoral hood, so although it's not porn I expect I'll need to be nude, no clothes, tits, and pussy on show? You think that might be ok?"
"Sure, I mean, we'll have a disclaimer that it's over eighteens only, so yeah!"
And we went on to discuss details.
Half an hour later I wasn't hungry but forced myself to get a light lunch of coffee and a pastry, then went as arranged to the Velvet Club. Alice was waiting for me.
"You said it was a party, Angel?" she asked me as she readied her body paints and brushes and other tools, once we had completed the polite pleasantries that were so at odds with what we were about to do.
"Yes, a private afternoon party for school leavers, so although they're 18 and this is an Adult club there'll be no strippers," I replied, taking off my clothes to stand completely nude on the polythene sheet that protected the floor.
It was just the two of us, though Alice had placed a small video camera on a stand to capture her work for future review and as a possible teaching aid. We'd already discussed my professional vulnerability as a school teacher and she had assured me that her Media colleagues had the technology to deal with that.
"Hm, I assume you don't want me to shave off your pubic bush?" She looked me in the eye as if this were a perfectly normal question, which I supposed it was for a body painting artist. "Never mind, my tints will also work as hair dye."
Alice busied herself with unpacking a few extra materials from her bag and set to work.
She sprayed a white foundation layer on my chest, tummy, and the tops of my thighs at the front, then an orange layer similarly on my back and the backs of my legs before adding black stripes and details in white, black, and other complimentary shades from my toes to my hairline. Including coloring my bush white and painting my pussy lips and bum cheeks right to the edge of my slit and bum hole. It was very personal, very sexy, and a lot of fun. Alice felt me up beautifully while successfully avoiding making me leak. No small achievement. My breasts were white but she had naughtily made my nipples a deep pink. "Well, you are a female!" had been her only comment.
By Early afternoon I was ready, and wearing the bright orange wig. Alice showed me photos of myself that she'd taken on her phone and mine, and I had to admit that I was impressed. She really was an artist, and although the effect I was after was almost entirely erotic, she had added to it with a professional skill that was quite breathtaking. I just hoped that the partygoers would be as impressed as I was.
Fairly soon David walked into the dressing room and stopped, mouth open, staring at me. It took him a good few moments to convince himself that it was me he was looking at and I grinned back in delight at our success, sharing the moment of triumph with Alice.
"I told you she was good," I said, and David replied, "I knew she was good, but fuck!"
Alice held up the fluffy orange butt-plug tail. "Angel said she wanted you to fit the final piece?" She grinned at us, enjoying the naughtiness, and produced a tube of lube in her other hand.
I bent over, holding on to the counter while Alice and David between them lubed my bum hole with a slippery finger and then inserted the butt plug which popped into place and made me think lewd thoughts immediately. Costume complete, I stood up.
David held up a silvery chain-link collar with a smaller chain leash attached. "Come on, Tiger!"
And that was how he lead me into the club, on all fours like his pet tigress held by the chain in his hand. I couldn't help myself and felt the moisture gather between my thighs, thankfully hidden by the fluffy tail. David led me to the dance cage, let me in, unclipped the leash but left the chain collar in place, and locked the cage door.
I was nervous, excited, horny, thrilled, and feeling daring. This had become a bucket list thing for me, but to do it in front of my unruly class and even a few teaching colleagues that David had invited along, well that just raised the risk element to a heart-thumping high.
The party had already started and music was pumping out of the speakers to fill the eardrums to overflowing, but everyone noticed my arrival since David had arranged for the follow-spot to highlight our grand entrance. He had promised me that none of the partygoers had been told there would be a dancer, and certainly, none would know that dancer was me. Unless they worked it out. But with the music so loud, at least there was little chance of my voice giving me away.
I stood in my cage and danced, gyrated really, arms moving over my head or at my sides, hips swaying, butt-plug tail swishing, tits jiggling, rotating slowly on the spot. I was having fun, dancing fully nude in front of people I knew but who didn't know it was me? The facepaint Alice had given me with its black nose and whiskers, and feline orange contacts, gave me anonymity. But the bodypaint didn't disguise that I wore no clothes of any kind, and those nearest the cage quickly worked out that they could see my tits and bush. I loved watching their faces as they worked it out and stared.
At first, it was my lovely students who stayed near me, but soon those of my teaching colleagues who were present drifted over in a group, led by Mr. Cosgrove the Deputy Head. Everyone was drinking the House cocktail that David's dad had organized; mildly alcoholic apparently. The teachers all had a good look at my body while pretending simply to enjoy my dancing, but I could see the lust in Mr. Cosgrove's eyes. I loved it.
They eventually drifted away with the tide and were replaced by my students again. David approached the cage from the quiet side, a bunch of index cards in his hand. He held out the first one so that only I could see.
"Are you enjoying this?"
I nodded and kept dancing.
"Are you my pet tonight?"
Again I nodded.
"Would you like to obey my instructions?"
I paused while I wondered what he could possibly order me to do, but then grinned as much to myself as him, and nodded enthusiastically.
"Good girl." I had to laugh that he had that one ready.
"You will suck off the three boys in our class."
I gasped, but nodded, having known that at some point it was inevitable.
"You will swallow."
Again I nodded since it was the most obvious and sensible way to finish the three blowjobs.
"Do you want the boys to know it's you?"
Again I hesitated, but it was going to come out eventually, so I nodded.
"Before or after? One nod before, two nods after."
I nodded twice. I thought it might be more fun if they found out afterward that their teacher had sucked their cock and swallowed their cum. I was getting very hot and moist between my legs.
"Good girl." I liked that.
David did some quick organizing and the three slim dark-haired boys, Peter, Brian, and John were at the cage side to my left, while the three girls, trim red-haired Sarah, curvy blond Sandra, and slim brunet Alicia were on my right.
David mouthed, "Now!" and promptly rounded up all the teachers as if he taking them on a tour of the other club rooms.
Getting on my knees, I grabbed Peter's belt and pulled him right up against the cage bars, and quickly undid his jeans. It was clear that all six students knew what was happening. I freed his cock, a lovely pretty six inches of pale slim manhood already firm and leaking precum, and in full view of them all took him in my mouth. Boys watching from my left, girls watching from my right.
It didn't take long. We had barely got into a rhythm of him fucking my face with small but decisive hip movements and me bobbing on his energetic cock when he exploded into my mouth. I swallowed. And swallowed. He just kept cumming. So much of it that I couldn't prevent some jism from leaking out of the corners of my mouth to run down my chin. He didn't seem to have big balls but boy were they productive. Eventually, he was done, and looking up into his face as I licked my lips clean, I reckoned he was empty and fully sated. Peter was a happy boy. My three girls clapped him and patted his shoulder in congratulations. I felt so proud of them.
But then he was moved aside while doing himself up and it was Brian's turn. He already had his cock out poking through the bars, a good skinny nine inches with an uncut head, unlike the circumcised Peter. I gobbled him up and we quickly got in a complementary rhythm of him thrusting and me bobbing, and despite having just watched the live sex show of a cock-sucking, he lasted a good while. I did all I could to bring him off and almost without warning he blasted a strong jet of spunk into my mouth. I swallowed, my lips sealed. He came harder than Peter but more quickly. When he was done and doing himself up to the congratulations of my girls, I opened my mouth to show them the pool of fresh cum on my tongue and then swallowed the last of his load.
And then it was John's turn. He unleashed a short but wide erection that I wasn't sure I could get my jaws around. He was uncut and probably five inches long, but oh so wide. I opened my mouth and he forced his fat member between my lips, thrusting immediately with short sharp jerks of his hips. His head was back and he held the bars in a white-knuckled grip. And didn't take long. He spurted once into my mouth, a thick but small burst of sperm, then pulled back behind the bars, still gripping the cage with both hands.
Out of my reach, he jerked his hips and made his short fat cock jump, and a long spurt of thick white spunk arced into the air and fell onto my wig and face. Before I could move out of the way he shot again, a lower trajectory that blasted across my nose and cheeks, thick, heavy, hot. It was an impressive display. I stayed where I was hoping for more. The next blast I was ready for and had my mouth open, though some of his ejaculations hit my chin. But a good amount of spunk coated my tongue and teeth, and I allowed the rest to drip down, catching it in my unpainted palm. It seemed that John was done, and I was about to lift the handful of cum to my mouth when a small hand slipped through the bars and drew my soiled palm to her own face. Alicia and I looked deep into each other's eyes as she licked up John's spunk offering from my open hand. I pressed my face to the bars and she met me, kissing each other, tongues swirling in sperm, as lesbian a bisexual kiss as it was possible to have.
We broke apart, my lovely students clapping each other and back-slapping, and David returned with the teachers. I didn't know if they could tell, but to me, there was a strong odor of spunk. It just made me want more.
David lead the teachers back to the bar and came over to us. He shouted something in Alicia's ear and she stared at me, goggle-eyed. He did the same with the other five who all stared at me, at David, at each other, then grinned and rushed to the cage bars to smother me in adoration. Or at least they would have if the bars weren't so close together. That was my interpretation of their reaction. I so hoped I was right.
David then arranged them in a line on the room side of my cage and he went around to the opposite side. He beckoned me over, and with sign language got me on my hands and knees facing my lovelies, my bum backed against the bars on David's side.
He flipped my butt-plug tail up over my back, and without ceremony, I felt him enter me, his big cock thrusting deep into my cunt, skewering my insides.
David fucked me. In front of my students. I held eye contact with them when they weren't watching my hanging tits jiggle with every thrust; he fucked me in the same room as his teachers, my colleagues. In the room with the Deputy Head. David fucked and fucked, hard, deep, unrelenting, almost masturbating his gorgeous cock in my pussy. Eventually, he cummed, emptying his big balls inside me, filling my pussy to overflowing, his thrusts pumping the sperm out of my vagina and down my legs.
My own orgasms were a series of connected minis that were almost like one very long continuous cum. I couldn't remember ever being happier. My students didn't seem to mind, either.
David withdrew his length from inside me and tugged the butt-plug tail back down over my bum crack. I assumed that I would continue dancing, but I was wrong. He soon appeared on the other side among the rest of my unruly class, and unlocked the cage door, beckoning me out. He affixed the chain leash to my chain-link collar and led me out, had me crawling on hands and knees at his side, which my lovely students appreciated now that they knew who I was. I loved it. Every single second.
He lead me into the dressing room where, to my surprise, Mr Cosgrove waited with David's dad, Mr Jordan, both leaning back against the dressing counter.
The music was just muffled background noise now, but I didn't speak. Not until spoken to, like a good sub pet.
"How was she?" Mr. Jordan asked his son.
"Oh, she did very well!" David replied and gave me a reassuring, congratulatory pat on the head and ruffling of my orange wig. "She could be a regular."
"You mean she's not one of your girls?" asked Mr Cosgrove with surprise.
David answered, "Oh, she is, most definitely one of Our Girls, but that particular performance this afternoon wasn't typical of what she usually does for us."
Mr. Jordan stood up in his typically decisive manner. "Unclip her, David. Our guest has asked to become a little better acquainted with our Tigress." Then to Mr. Cosgrove, he continued, "You'll find her very eloquent, though she doesn't speak," in a cryptic comment. Cryptic, but I knew what was expected of me. Another blowjob to order. It felt like I was being trained to suck off anyone the Jordans, father, and son, chose for me.
I would have used a tissue to dab off the dribbles of semen from my face, but they were already dry. Hopefully, they hadn't ruined any of Alice's artwork.
Even before the Jordans had left the room I was on my knees in front of the Guest, hands on his thighs, face level with his crotch and tilted back, mouth open in the most obvious invitation for a face-fuck that I could think of.
As the door closed, his fly opened and out popped a thick veiny erection of slightly more than average length, cut, with a very shiny purple glans. In it popped, into its new temporary home, between my lips, and I sucked off the Deputy Head, gave him head, a blowjob. It was a good one, in my opinion, judging from the sounds of pleasure coming from above me. And from the gentle but insistent thrusting. He was muttering, moaning, and among the inarticulate delight at being sucked off, I heard him mention my name. My teaching name. Miss Kay. Not Andrea. Miss Kay. I hesitated and then resumed, but from the way he kept repeating my name I thought it was more a private fantasy of his rather than him knowing that it was, in fact, me sucking his cock.
So Mr. Cosgrove fantasized about having sex with me. That was nice to know.
He finished in a big eruption. Only three shots but they were generous ones. I dutifully swallowed, licked him clean, kissed the end of his cock, and stood backing away to indicate that the service had been performed and was now over.
He smiled. "Thank you, my dear. Delightful. Most delightful. Best I've ever had. Thank you." He smiled again, now neat and tidy as if nothing had happened, except perhaps there was a glow to his face and an air of general well-being and satisfaction.
He let himself out, and I sat down at the counter and stared at my image in the dressing mirror.
"You're a very, very naughty girl!" I admonished my reflection. But the self-satisfied grin showed no signs of remorse.
SUNDAY
Sunday morning dawned bright and clear and warm, and after a shower and light breakfast, I dressed again in yesterday's black crop top and black miniskirt over the harness, dark hold-up stockings with two-inch black heels, and the short black denim jacket over, and made my way to Mike and Selina's home.
It was quite a large place, set back from a residential road with plenty of parking out front, though mine was the only car. When I rang the bell I had a quick look around; I couldn't be seen by neighbors.
"There you are!" said Selina, as she opened the door wide, beckoning me in and looking me up and down, her blouse and skirt neat and conservative. "Mm, you look delicious, dear! Go right through!"
As she closed the door behind me I went along the hallway to an airy sitting room that had comfortable-looking sofas covered in pastel drapes, arranged around a large eastern style rug in a busy pattern. Mike was lounging on one of the couches dressed in a dark suit with a white shirt and grey tie. He looked neat and formal.
"Hello my dear!" he said, not getting up, but his eyes brightening.
"I feel terribly under-dressed!" I said, my hands waving up and down my barely-clad body.
"Nonsense, Angela, you look perfect!" replied Selina, joining us. "Can I get you a drink? Something strong, perhaps?"
"No, really I'm fine. Um, how many are you expecting today?"
"Oh, all the other six couples, Angela dear. When they heard you were coming they all wanted to be here. You've created quite a stir in our little group; we haven't had this much excitement in ages!" and Selina's eyes sparkled with amused mischief.
"You did explain that I'm not joining in today?" I asked in mild alarm.
"Yes, dear, don't worry. Come help me in the kitchen." So I followed Selina and we chatted while arranging cups, glasses, nibbles, plates, trays, and all the other essentials of a civilized slightly formal middle-class Sunday morning get-together of friends.
It wasn't long before the doorbell sounded, and Selina despatched me to go answer it.
There was a nice-looking couple in their forties, she was in a neat sweater and dress trousers, and he was in a dark jacket and tie, and they gave me a bold looking over as I let them in.
They knew their way around, because after saying hello and grinning at me he went straight to the sitting room to join Mike, and she headed to Selina in the kitchen while I closed the door.
"She's every bit as lovely as you described, Selina!" she was saying as I returned to the kitchen, and they both turned to look at me with aren't-I-the-clever-one expressions. Before I could say anything the doorbell went again and Selina pointed with her chin sending me to answer it.
They were a pretty punctual bunch; within a quarter of an hour or so, all 12 nice-looking middle-aged guests were in the sitting room sipping wine and looking very formal, listening to Selina recount our first meeting at the Adult Store and subsequent phone conversation. They were in a kind of semi-circle with Selina and Mike as the focus, in front of the big fireplace, and me facing them all in front of Selina. Her hands were on my shoulders like I was hers, and she was pressing gently into my back, her face over my left shoulder. Mike was on her right.
Selina's hands started massaging my shoulders gently while she talked, and I felt what must have been Mike's left-hand slide between her belly and my bum and start squeezing my right cheek softly. I let out a soft moan and relaxed my body, and was rewarded with Selina reaching down to grasp the sides of my top and lift it up displaying my breasts while continuing with her story.
There were a few light gasps and general murmuring of approval and appreciation, their eyes scrutinizing and devouring my exposed flesh, my heart rate quickening and breathing increasing, flutters in my tummy; and watching their faces I knew I wanted more.
I lifted my hands above my head, and taking the hint Selina whipped the top up over my head and off, dropping it on the floor in front of me. Her hands started caressing my naked tits which were nicely separated by the harness cross-over straps, pinching my nipples lightly and keeping them in full view, all the while recounting and embellishing her tale.
Mike's hand came out from behind my bum and began stroking soft circles around my belly button with the backs of his fingers, in that square of bare skin bounded by the horizontal and two vertical harness straps and my skirt.
My own hands clung to Selina's hips and I pressed back into her, my head tilting back a little to rest on her right shoulder.
Mike surprised me then by crouching down and in one swift pull jerking my skirt to my ankles. Suddenly I was basically fully naked in front of a room full of strangers, my nudity emphasized by the black leather body harness and hold-up stockings. I couldn't suppress the moan of pleasure, my dark-trimmed pussy was on fire and let out a quick burst of juice slick on my thighs, my tummy quivered in spasms and my head went right back against Selina's cheek.
"You can stop any time you want, sweetie, just say," Selina whispered into my left ear, loud enough for everyone in the room to hear though her fingers carried on teasing and pinching my nipples. I sensed a change in the atmosphere and glanced down at Mike by my right leg, the skirt at my ankles still in his hands as he looked up at me questioningly. Then I looked at the faces watching us, Selina and Mike's friends; hope, lust, and expectation clear in their eyes.
In answer I lifted my left hand from Selina's left hip and cupped her left cheek, my back pressing into her front, and turning my face towards her opened my mouth with tongue softly extended to kiss her so that everyone would see. She kissed back hungrily, erotically, tugging hard on my nipples, pulling them straight out from my body, our eyes locked together.
I felt Mike lift my ankles one at a time to step me out of my skirt and arrange my feet wide apart, then slide his hand up my right stocking from ankle to knee to bare exposed thigh to lie just under the bare shaved pussy lips below the dark trimmed bush. He lifted my leg so that my right thigh must have been resting on his right shoulder as he faced me.
"Here, George, get her other leg?" And I felt another man kneeling in front of Selina and copying Mike so that I was now sitting on the shoulders of two men, my knees wide apart displaying me while I snogged Selina.
She broke off our kiss and I watched her survey the room. It was clear that she was the High Priestess of this Sexual Temple, and I was filled with grateful affection for her, thankful to have been invited into the Inner Sanctum. I was eager to be today's Sexual Offering.
"Maisy? The big dildo, I think, don't you? The fifteen-inch?" She prompted. "Mike, George, lift her higher," she commanded, and they effortlessly stood up and hoisted and rearranged me so that I had an arm over the shoulders of each, my thighs held by their hands against their waists so that I was spread about as wide as I could possibly be, the three of us facing the room. The fact that everyone else was smartly dressed added to the feeling of me being an erotic sacrifice.
Selina stepped out from behind me. "Everyone, get comfy so you can see," she commanded, adding, "Celia dear, would you top up everyone's drink?"
While the trim dark blonde went to do Selina's bidding and the other guests arranged themselves on the sofas, Maisy returned proudly holding a monster pink realistic-looking dildo penis, which the smartly dressed attractive brunette handed to Selina with a little reverential bow. It was even bigger than Mr. Jordan's huge organ. Maisy produced a jar of lubricant and while Selina held the gigantic phallus, coated its surface in full view of us all, making it like she was wanking a real cock.
Selina then knelt slightly to my left and teasingly rubbed the slick pointed end of the dildo against my wet labia, parting them and teasing my clit before pressing against the opening of my vagina.
"Jessica, did you bring the nipple clamps?" Selina asked the first of the guests I'd let in. She rummaged in her bag and then stood, the dress trousers immaculate and the sweater clinging to perfect breasts. I watched her place a silver clamp on my right nipple, and extend the attached lightweight long silver chain until she placed it in the hands of one of the men seated to my right. She then did the mirror action on the left. Once she was again seated, the two men rhythmically tugged, synchronized, pulling on my engorged pinched nipples while others in the room murmured approval.
Meanwhile, Selina was gently rubbing all over my clit area and swollen labia. "Oh look, everyone, can you see how eagerly her vagina opens up to this enormous dildo every time I press it against her opening? I think our Angela here likes to fuck; this is no virgin pussy, is it dear?" That last part, the question, was directed at me.
"It's polite to answer every question, Angela!" said the man to my right who was holding the nipple chain which he yanked suddenly in emphasis. I assumed that he was with Celia,
"Sorry, um, no Selina, Sir, everyone, I'm not a virgin." This was almost too delicious.
"She does have a very pretty pussy, don't you think?" Jessica asked her husband sitting beside her, the man who was holding the chain to my left nipple. "Oh yes," he replied, "quite the tasty cunt. Eric, you love eating pussy, what d'ya reckon to Angela's?"
"May I?" he asked Selina. He didn't ask me. Neither did Selina. They all assumed that my view on the matter no longer counted.
"Perhaps if you kneel down facing everyone, tip your head back? I think we'd all appreciate being able to see that tongue work on Angel's pussy?"
Eric gave his wife a lingering erotic French kiss, holding her hand, then sauntered over to carry out Selina's suggestion.
While he licked and kissed my very wet and gaping pussy, Selina continued rubbing the big dildo around my clit and asked me, "Are you familiar with the safe colors, Angel dear?"
I gasped out, "Red is stop, amber caution, green go," and here I hesitated then added, "and white is more please, too tame. Is that what you mean?"
"That's perfect, little Angel!" She replied, clearly pleased with my answer.
"What a good girl!" quipped a male voice, I thought it came from the man holding the chain to my left nipple. Jessica, next to him with her arm draped proprietorially on his shoulder, added, "Go on, Selina, ask her. Ask her to name a color!"
That got low murmurs of approval from around the room, and smiling into my eyes, Selina knew.
"Well, little Angel, give us a color."
It went quiet and even Eric momentarily stopped lapping between my legs, the giant dildo no longer in contact.
I could feel their eyes on me, could see their expressions mingling curiosity, hunger, lust, excitement, even amusement. At least, that's what I wanted to see. But I did have their complete attention.
I loved it, relished it, savored it, and knew that it was unlikely to get any better than this. Now was the time to call a halt, to leave them wanting more, to hold a memory of an exquisite tease and delicious moment of exhibition.
There could only be one color. It had been lovely, but. But.
"Green." It came out like a sigh, an exhaled breath. There were smiles all around. I looked Selina in the eye and she looked right back, quietly confident, assured, in charge, the priestess. She didn't answer but raised one eyebrow. And waited.
It went silent again as the self-congratulations faded in that civilized middle-class sitting room on a quiet, conventional Sunday morning.
Selina continued to look into my face, reading me.
"White," I added, knowing it was the correct answer, "white, white, very white!" I was almost pleading.
"You're a very naughty girl, Angel. Say it!" Selina responded.
"Oh, yes! Keep going!" That sounded like Maisy.
"Say it, naughty girl!" repeated Selina.
"I'm a very naughty girl and deserve to be punished." I just couldn't help myself.
"Oh my!" That was Maisy.
"I don't know how you found her, or got her for us, Selina, but wow!" offered Jessica.
Her husband gave her hand a squeeze and with his other tugged sharply on the chain, pulling my left nipple suddenly. "Would she pull a train, d'you think?" He threw the question out.
"That I would love to see!" A lady's voice, one I hadn't heard before.
Selina looked again into my eyes, teasing my clit with the monster dildo, Eric once again licking and slobbering at my sopping cunt. I was in a sort of erotic agony, but the delicious kind.
"She will if I tell her to," Selina said, "won't you Angel, dear?"
Of course, I nodded. "Very green," I added.
"I think we girls should have our hands all over her lovely body while the boys oblige," Maisy suggested.
"Gentlemen, I think you should remain suited but with those nice cocks out ready to fuck our Angel. Ladies, we will remain clothed too, for now, but feel free to touch any part of Angel, pinch her nipples, finger her clit, whatever you wish.
"I think we'll have Angel bent forward with her hands on her knees. You boys form a queue and take your turn to fuck her from behind. Just her cunt, I think, no anal for now."
It sounded so incongruous hearing Selina's motherly middle-class posh voice uttering such explicit sexual directions but added to the almost unreal fantasy-like excitement.
"And wouldn't it be fun if we wanked the boys onto her face instead of them finishing inside her!" Jessica was full of good ideas.
"Oh yes!" added Maisy, "but we're not to wank our own husbands, of course!" The ladies had already gathered around Selina, and Mike and George let me down.
"Now then, we seem to have the rules of the game. I think we'll move Angel to where anyone can get to her from any side. The middle of the room. Eric dear, be a sweetheart and bring in the kitchen stool so she can lean on it?"
Eric returned with a backless metal chair which he placed in front of the fireplace but not too close, then Mike and George positioned me bent over facing the fireplace with feet apart and hands resting on the seat. Selina stood back and admired the arrangement, giving her approval. The orderly queue formed behind me, seven men with Eric going first and George and finally Mike last. The ladies all adopted a man, not the one they came with, while Selina watched and nodded and stroked my hair.
"Cocks out!" Selina ordered, in a mock parade-ground voice, and looking around behind me I saw seven lovely cocks appear from dress trousers into the owners' hands. "Ladies, take hold of your cocks!" The lady partners took over holding and tugging the seven erect penises. I could hardly believe that all seven dicks were going to fuck me, that this group of nice people was going to allow me to be fucked by every cock. I felt so honored.
Selina turned my face and looked down into my eyes, smiling mischievously, stroking my hair. "Are you ready, my little Angel?"
Without waiting for my reply, Eric must have stepped forward because I felt him slide straight inside my vagina, with no warning, no hesitation. He went in easily, I was so soaked, so ready to fuck. And Eric obliged, holding my hips and banging away at the pussy that he'd licked and slobbered over so beautifully. The foreplay was over.
I fully understood the no-cameras rule, but a part of me regretted that we would have no record of such a wonderful afternoon of sex. And it was wonderful.
Each of the men fucked me from behind, encouraged by his lady partner of the moment, and when they were about to explode, moved around to my head and were masturbated onto my eager face, seven ejaculations of fresh hot sperm slathering my forehead, nose, cheeks, chin, lips. Some in my mouth and on my teeth and tongue, some in my dark hair. But none wasted. It was sublime. Selina stayed with me throughout while the pairs of men and women changed. Some groped my tits, some pinched my nipples, some fingered my clit, and some toyed with my anal rose, but Selina stayed with me stroking my hair and murmuring encouragements, congratulating me on being such an accomplished slut.
Seven fucks. Seven facials. I licked and kissed all seven cocks either before or after they disgorged their cum onto my face, and thanked them.
I noticed with amusement that when it was finally Mike's turn at my face, he had something bound around the base of his cock and balls and that Selina gripped his balls in one hand and squeezed as he shot his load over my forehead. There was definitely a story there that I needed to know better.
The get-together dissolved at that point to an improvised orgy, with men and women pleasing each other almost randomly, stripping each other naked, the women being satisfied with mouths and fingers and those penises that were able to rise again.
I snuggled with the by-then-naked Selina, my fingers deep in her pussy, the collected sperm drying on my face to a mask.
As I lay there, basking in the glorious afterglow of being fucked to exhaustion, I heard the ringtone of my own phone. I struggled up onto my elbows.
"That's mine! Can someone pass it over?" A relay of hands ferried it across the room. No caller ID.
"Yes, hello?"
"Be in my office Saturday morning at 9 am in a loose summer dress, no underwear or elastic marks. As your Agent, I've arranged Angel's first porn shoot."
*****
(The story concludes in Andi and the Next Generation.)