We needed some money badly. We talked about what we could do. My wife already has two jobs and I have three. We still needed more money to keep the house so she got another job. She was determined to do whatever it takes.
She started working at a strip club serving drinks. Just the atmosphere turned her on although she never let her husband know.
I am 5'7 inches and have 38D breasts. I often see men trying to see them. At 60 years old I never ever thought I would be doing this.
I make as a waitress almost nothing but I'm glad that I at least can get some money. We are broke.
When I got the job to my surprise, I was told I should wear the shortest skirt I felt comfortable and the shortest the better if she wanted to get tips.
So, embarrassed, I wore a skirt so short that when I served the drinks I felt my skirt hike up every time.
I started to get more tips so I continued.
The girls, all seasoned strippers kept telling me that I should strip and they would teach me what to do.
"I'm so, sorry, but I just can't do that, I said."
However, they kept hounding me to try it, so I put on the shortest shirt they gave me to wear, and had me take "my grannie panties off, and gave me a skimpy thong. I was shaking as I put on my "stripper shoes" and got on stage. I shook my ass tried to dance as best I could.
I spun around the stripper pole as the men and women watched me. I was so nervous. I knew what I had to do next, and I fought my tears wiping them away.
I took my black bra off, unclasped it and dropped it on the stage.
Immediately the men began to throw dollar bills on the stage. I was so surprised that I got anything, however I actually counted the money as I picked it up from the stage.
I then went into the back room and the other strippers told me that I did good! Another surprise!
I had made over $50!
I couldn't believe it!
I took a break and bought myself a drink to calm my nerves. I sat by the bar and a man sat beside me.
He told me that I shouldn't be drinking alone and he bought me another drink!
After I finished my drink it was my turn to go on stage. This time I wasn't as shaken as before and I think I danced better having two drinks.
I spun around the pole a couple of times and they unclasped by new bra my girlfriend had me wear. The bra was totally see thru and I knew that all the men and anyone for that matter could easily see my nipples hard and pushing out.
The man that bought my drink asked me if he could get a table dance from me.
I asked my girlfriend what a table dance was. I knew I could not dance on a table. She laughed!
"It's not on a table, he's asking you to take him by the hand and go back thru the curtain and do about the same thing you do on stage, except he will spend a lot more money on you!
I liked that, the money part.
When we went back he felt me up all over, I knew that was going to happen, but I didn't care. All I focused on was getting the most money I could.
The panties my girlfriend gave were wet as he rubbed my panties on my pussy. I got real wet with that!
We "danced" several songs, all I knew each song was $20 each.
He sucked my tits a lot! Also I knew he was giving me a hickey on my neck, but there was nothing I could do.
Actually we had a couch dance. I put my naked tits in his face as he sucked them. Then I rubbed my pussy thru my went panties I kept doing it until I made him cum.
I was so proud!
I had made $200 from the dances and $50 to show my pussy!
I was happy!
When I came home after my shift my husband asked how much I made. He was really, really surprised.
Of course, he thought all I was doing was bartending.
I had continued stripping for three months now.
My girlfriend told me that the boss wanted me to come backstage. I thought that I was going to be fired and got worried. I needed the income so much.
However, instead I was asked if would to a party with some rich men.
Only three of us were invited. We all put on our "whore clothes" we all called them.
We went to a very upscale large house. We were given a tour of the mansion and were told that we would each be paid at least $6,000.
I couldn't believe it! "Me!!
At the mansion we were hosted with all kinds of drinks and expensive foods.
I had a great time!
I counted the three of us girls and twelve men. We all danced for them and we all had to dance nude. I was very nervous, however I calmed down when I realized that, I was going to make a lot of money, and I had practically been naked during a couch dance.
A very handsome man took my hand and put his arm around me. The other girls also had a handsome man with her.
I thought I knew what was going to happen. Each of the men would "dance" with me and they would rub their pants against my pussy.
I was getting hot with all this, and then the man I was dancing with took out his cock. I was shocked!
I asked the other girls if they knew this was going to happen. They just were quiet and rubbed their naked cocks against their pussies.
I got up to leave, but the girls pleaded with me not to. All of us needed the money.
Very reluctively I went with them.
I let each of the men rub my naked pussy against their naked cocks.
But I drew the line with any penetration.
I shook my head when the man I was with pushed his cock to my lips.
I got another drink, and another. Taking an opportunity he forced his cock into my mouth.
I have never sucked a man's cock and I never will.
Man after man pushed his cock to my mouth and finally the alcohol and the events won out.
Someone was pushing my head into my mouth until I chocked. I then realized it was girl friends forcing me to swallow their big cocks.
Each of the men fucked my mouth until they shot their cum down my throat.
I tried to breathe and I realized that again my girlfriends were holding my mouth shut until I swallowed.
Every man did the same to me.
When that was over my girlfriends smiled and laughed!
"You just broke your cherry!" as they smiled.
Everyone was naked and the man next to me lay on top of me and began to fuck me. I couldn't get him off and he fucked me until he came inside my pussy.
I was crying but nobody cared. My girlfriends were getting fucked as well.
Everyone of the men fucked me, some more than once.
I was forced to suck their cocks again.
It was the same with my girlfriends.
I got another drink. Strangely I began to get hot then I wanted the men to fuck me and never stop. Cum from so many men ran down my legs and out of my pussy.
I couldn't get enough cocks.
They began to take my ass and cum inside. My pussy was so stretched and so was my ass.
Then my girlfriends began kissing me and sucking on my tits.
One of my girlfriends began to lick my pussy.
Another of my girlfriends licked my ass and tounged it. It all felt so good.
We washed up as much as possible and our boss took each of us to our houses.
When I got home my husband was asleep.
I took a shower and it woke him up. I showed him the $6,000 and he was so happy and surprised.
However he was a little upset about me not calling him again.
All in all I will do it again. In fact, I want to do it again and again.
I am no longer just a housewife.
I'm a stripper, and a hotwife, and a whore.
I'm loving it!!
He whispered in my ear," show me your pussy". "Please", he whispered.
I said, "I can't do that!"
"Please, he said, I'll give you $50," he said.
The room was somewhat dark, so I pulled my panties aside and let him see my pussy.