Chloe and Allen Ch. 07 (Chloe and the party)
This is entirely fiction. All characters are 18 or older.
Note there are heavy exhibitionist elements in this series and always will be. Sometimes more than the other stuff. This is filed under Incest/Taboo because the central love story is between a daughter and her father. Hope you enjoy the whole combination as much as I do!
FYI, there's minor pee discovery here. Easy to skip where it happens if uninterested.
This is Chapter 7. I recommend reading Chapters 1-6 first. I'm happy you're still here!
The party
Allen was up late watching TV well after Kathy had headed to bed. He told himself he wasn't waiting up for Chloe. He didn't even know when she'd be home from her party. So, he caught up on several episodes of some recorded shows.
He was surprised when his phone buzzed. It was Chloe. He answered. "Chloe? Everything OK?"
"Hi, Mr. C. It's Amanda. Um. First of all, everyone is fine."
"OK. OK, thanks for saying that first! What's going on?"
"Well, here's the thing." She paused. "Uh, Chloe, she...well, she had a bit too much to drink." Then she continued quickly in a torrent of words. "I know from talking with Chloe that you'd want to know and you'd be OK with it and want me to call you and it would be OK and you wouldn't be mad and she'd be OK and she wouldn't be in trouble or anything like that and--"
Allen processed the news. And Amanda was right. "Hi, Amanda. Yes, you can relax, sweetheart. You did exactly the right thing. You're correct; Chloe is not in trouble. I really appreciate you calling me instead of letting her drive."
"No problem. That was never going to happen. I can drive her home for you, Mr. C., if you want. I have my car here, and unlike this young lady hanging on my shoulder, I didn't drink."
Allen then heard a "Hi, Daddyyy! Thass my Daddy. Gimme!" in the background, followed by a giggle and Amanda shushing his daughter. Allen smiled.
"Ha, I think I hear her now! No, it's OK. I'll come get her. Can you stay with her until I arrive? I'm heading out right now." Allen was in just his lounge shorts and a t-shirt. He wasn't wearing any underwear, of course, but he doubted that would come up in conversation! He had grabbed his keys and was already in the garage.
"Of course! Sure thing, Mr. C."
Allen arrived to find the party still going on inside, but Amanda was sitting on the front steps with Chloe resting her head on her shoulder. Amanda looked up at him as he approached, and Allen noticed for the millionth time how beautiful his daughter's best friend was. Her pretty brown eyes were deep pools, windows into what he imagined to be a complex and generous soul.
He had watched her grow up, and he loved her personality more than anything else about her. She was funny and warm and kind, and he was so happy she and Chloe stayed close all these years. She seemed like an amazing friend to his daughter. Tonight being one more perfect example.
As he walked up and greeted Amanda, Allen tried not to notice the teen's long and shapely legs, leading up to what looked like an impressively short skirt. Her knees were bent and pointing toward him as she sat. He was glad (mostly!) that she kept her legs together, since he would have a clear view of her crotch otherwise, in that skirt. He tried not to wonder what kind of panties she was wearing. In contrast, his tipsy daughter's legs were spread wide. Thankfully, there was a bit more to her dress, so she wasn't currently on full display. He could hear her lightly snoring.
He chuckled and thought Chloe looked adorable, with her small, lopsided grin. "Ha, hi Amanda. Will you look at that!"
Amanda looked down at Chloe with affection then back up at him. He tried not to get lost in her doe eyes. "Yeah, turns out she's a bit of a lightweight. We had both originally said we weren't going to drink, but then she decided to try just one, just to see what it was like. That was long before either of us had to drive anywhere. I was surprised how tipsy she got after one, and her decision not to drink apparently then flew out the window. You probably already know this, Mr. C., but she's pretty hard to talk out of something once she makes up her mind. And frankly, she was kind of hilarious. She only had two more, but here, sir, is the result."
"I see."
"Yeah, so I knew for a while I'd be calling you once she was done. I stayed with the original plan, so I could drive home. And drive her, if necessary."
"I really appreciate that, Amanda. I do. You're a pretty special friend. I'm glad she has you."
Amanda blushed and unconsciously moved her knees slightly. They nearly parted. Allen almost had to look away, but everything stayed hidden. He tried not to think about the view he had just missed.
"Well, Mr. C., uh...I gotta say she has a couple special people in her life, then. I...I hope you...um...don't mind me saying that. I really hope you realize how truly special the bond you two have is. I'm...it's...well...I'm kinda jealous of it sometimes. But she sure deserves you and what you have together." She turned again and gave Chloe a light kiss on the top of her head.
Allen was moved. "Amanda, wow. I don't really know how to respond to that. That's an incredibly nice thing to say. I told you you were a special friend! Now what do you say we get this little drunkard home and to bed?"
"Good idea!" Amanda beamed at Allen, and his heart fluttered a bit. He reached out a hand to help her up, looking away in case her long legs spread with the action, winning (kind of!) a brief, internal battle over whether to sneak an available peek at his baby girl's best friend. He used his other arm to reach for Chloe and bring her to standing at the same time, with Amanda's assistance.
Amanda shook Chloe gently and cooed her awake, caressing one hand across her cheek, the other hand on her waist, helping Allen to hold her up. Chloe's eyes fluttered, and she looked around, momentarily confused. She blinked a few bleary times and then added up what she could, drawing the wrong conclusion.
"Daddyyyy! Look, Amandie, iss my Daddy!" She exclaimed. "You came t'the party for...with me!" She reached out with a slight stumble and put her arms around Allen's neck, and he had to catch her around her slim waist to keep her from falling. "Less danss!" She pushed away and tried to grab his hand and lead him back inside, apparently to the dance floor. So far, Chloe was about the cutest drunk he had ever seen. He couldn't help but grin.
"Haha, hold on there, champ. There's a two against one vote here that says it's time for you to go home." Allen held Amanda's delicate, warm hand in solidarity. She squeezed his hand as she nodded her agreement. She didn't let go. Her hand felt very nice in his.
"Ganging up to me, are yuh? Well, two c'n play in that game, buck...buckie...buckerinos!" She collapsed between them, one arm around each of their necks, pulling all three of their faces close together.
Chloe's eyes lit up with a slightly blurry twinkle, and she looked lovingly into both of their faces and said, "eenie meenie minee mineemo!" swaying back and forth between each of their faces as she counted, landing at Amanda. She launched a kiss onto Amanda's mouth, to her girlfriend's amused surprise. "Mmm. Yummy! Thassnice. You, too, buckeroo!" Chloe exclaimed as she turned and planted a very enjoyable if sloppy kiss on Allen's mouth. "Yummies, you twos! Thessum good kissings I got right here," she happily declared, hugging both their necks and therefore pulling their faces all even closer together.
Allen heated up a bit and tried not to let his freely-hanging penis stir in his shorts at being so close to these two captivating teen girls. Allen could smell minty breath, he presumed from Amanda. "Oh! Ooh! Oooie! Make't even. Now youze!" And she grabbed both of their heads and tried to push them into a kiss. Their mouths were already just inches apart.
Time slowed as Allen looked deep into Amanda's fabulous, intelligent eyes and couldn't help but wonder how good a kisser she was, how her young body would fit with his in an embrace. If she would taste minty. If her lips were as soft and kissable as Chloe's. And that was enough time, of course, to actually do the right thing and pull away with a light, nervous chuckle that broke the spell. "Ha! Well! Uh...very funny, Chloe! Huh!" He looked at Amanda and wondered if he saw disappointment flash across her eyes before she joined in with him to politely refuse Chloe's request.
"Ah, poopieheads!" Chloe giggled. "My two fav'rite poopieheads! You shud kiss. Ser'ously, I tell you I can since I have been a kisser for both of youze that you would like it v'ry much! Trussme on that one, buckos."
Allen and Amanda could only look at each other and wonder if Chloe was right.
"S'whatryou here for if not to danss me up or to get good kissing?"
"To take you home, precious."
Chloe stood and swayed a second as she looked at Allen and blinked. "Yeah. S'probly a good idea. C'n Amandie come, too?" She looked between them hopefully, eyes big.
"Ha, I'd love to, sweetie, but I have a feeling you're going straight to bed and will sleep for a long time. You call me tomorrow, though. Promise?"
Chloe nodded like a bobble head puppy.
Amanda turned to Allen and paused. She seemed to make a decision and moved in close to say quietly in his ear, "Please be sure she calls me tomorrow, Mr. C. And...uh...seriously...thanks for being so...um...cool about...well...everything."
Then she kissed him on the cheek, cupping his other cheek in her warm hand. She lingered a little long, but he didn't mind a bit. Based on that experience, he confirmed her lips were indeed wonderfully soft.
Amanda gave him another quick kiss a little closer to his mouth, holding onto his arm gently with her other hand, and then she pulled back and looked up into his eyes, her emotion there deep but unreadable. She nodded and turned to walk to her car. Allen tried not to watch her hips sway as she strode away.
"You two take good care of each other!"
...
Allen finally poured Chloe into the passenger seat of the car, her limbs loose and comically flailing everywhere as he had tried to help her walk and instead just picked her up and carried her. "Ooh! My handsome prinss!" she cooed, her arms around his neck. She rested her head on his shoulders and sighed, "I like it here v'ry much."
He got her buckled in and walked around to his side of the car. He opened the door to find Chloe leaning over from her side, her two hands on his seat, looking up at him. "Peekaboo!" she giggled. He tried not to admire the view down her dress too much, her skimpy lavender bra on amazing display. He chuckled and had to beg to be let into the car. She finally relented with a "C'mon, big boy!" and flopped back to her side of the car.
As they drove home, Chloe kept up chatter he knew she was very unlikely to remember the next day. But Amanda was right, Chloe was pretty hilarious when drunk. She was so happy and animated, you couldn't help but smile and get caught up in her bit of drunken sunshine, accented by the yellow of her cute dress.
Chloe was again all arms when Allen tried to get her out of the car, but he finally managed. His hands ended up in a few less-than-honorable places as he tried to get a good grip on her, but eventually, he got her upright and managed to have her walk with him to the front door, holding hands, though her path was decidedly less straight than his.
Inside, he ended up behind her, one hand on each hip, in a mini version of a conga line, minus the kicking. Allen guided Chloe up the stairs and steered her toward her bedroom, with her still chatting the whole way.
He had managed to shush her to whispering with an affectionate chuckle before they entered the house. He would explain to Kathy tomorrow what had happened but didn't want to wake her now. But even her version of whispering was comical and adorable, her eyes alight, and her hands animated with wide gestures that made him smile. And duck a couple times. He guided Chloe into her room, turned on the light, and closed the door quietly behind them.
It was only then that he realized he hadn't thought through what to do from here.
He, uh, had to get her ready for bed. He had no idea where she kept her pajamas or how she was going to manage to get into them without hurting herself. And she had to brush her teeth, right? And she probably needed to pee.
Chloe must have sensed his hesitation. "Wassamatter, my Daddy? Never been in a girl's bedroom b'fore?" she teased. "This s'where all th'magic happens! Whoops!" She had twirled with her arms wide to present her room to him and ended up falling on the bed. She sat up on the edge, chuckling. "I fell down," she said simply.
"Yes, you did. Good thing it was on the bed."
"Ha, yup. Good th'ng," she nodded, her head wobbling a bit. Then she looked up at him, "Y'know, thiss double bed has room f'r two. I think you shud shtick around and make shure I don' fall out."
"Ha, I see. Well, let's first try to get one of us into the bed, shall we?"
Chloe looked up expectantly as if waiting to hear who that was.
"I mean you, silly."
"Oh, right. Righterino! But I cand...can...cand...cannot sleep in thiss." She started ineffectively plucking at her dress.
"I know, sweetheart, but where do you keep your pajamas?"
Chloe started laughing happily, her eyes tearing up. She pointed at him a couple times while laughing and trying to catch her breath, a couple cute snorts thrown in for good measure. Allen knew he was missing something.
"What?" he asked simply.
"Pajamas? I don't need no stinkin' payamas!" Chloe declared with a final chuckle. She looked at Allen wide-eyed, as if to gauge his reaction.
"Wait, what?"
"Thassright, mister. No jammies for this girl! Jusslike my Daddy! You sleep nakies; I sleep nakies! You so right about that, Imusssay. Smart boy. Smart boy." she patted his arm from where she still sat on the bed. "Okeerino, less do this!" She reached out her arms for his help standing and got to her feet. She swayed her way to the center of her room, stopped and turned back to him, then just stuck her arms straight up in the air. She looked at him in innocent anticipation. "Lessgo, bub."
What? Allen was still processing the fact that his beautiful daughter slept naked like he did. He of course shouldn't be surprised at one more thing about which they were completely alike. But then it dawned on him what Chloe was expecting.
"What, me?"
"Yuppers. This dress ain't gonna take isself off," she grinned. "We have 'stablish'd I cannot probably do it for my own, so...lessgo, bub." She emphasized her point by thrusting her upraised arms into the air again.
Oh, my. "Um...OK. I...well...uh... Chloe, I don't think..." She just stood there expectantly (and adorably), not giving him any sympathy. Yikes. "Um...well...ah...well, OK...if you really need the help." Allen approached his little girl and tried to decide how to proceed.
He put his hands on her hips but then circled around behind her. There was no zipper or anything, so it seemed Chloe had the right idea, and he should just pull her dress over her head. He tried to determine where best to grab it. He quickly decided the obvious and reached down mid-thigh for the cute, frilly hem.
As Allen lifted the dress off his teen daughter, her fabulous bubble butt was the first thing to come into view. He tried and failed not to stare at the perfection of it, barely covered by her skimpy and sexy lavender panties. There was so little to the back of the panties, it was almost like a thong. What color was there just emphasized the creamy smoothness of her skin. If his hands weren't full of his daughter's dress, and if she weren't standing drunk in front of him, he could have grabbed onto both perfect buns at the same time, for the first time. That would be one definition of heaven!
Allen finally pulled his eyes away, for now, and proceeded to lift the dress the rest of the way. It got a little awkward at the top as more and more material gathered in his hands, but he figured it out.
He also only barely managed not to stare at every inch of his baby girl as he revealed more and more of her flawless skin.
As the dress became completely inverted with only Chloe's head and hands inside, she started wiggling to help get it off the rest of the way. Allen could only helplessly stare again at her perfect ass and what view he had of her swaying breasts from behind. She bent forward to continue taking the dress off, and that pulled Allen with it, directly into contact with his young daughter's nearly naked butt and her bare back.
Allen couldn't hide his unintended reaction to this sexy situation, and Chloe clearly felt his presence from behind. "S'that a penis in your pocket, or are you happy t'see me?" she giggled, pushing back and swaying her butt against his erection. She didn't even realize she had messed up the joke.
As they leaned over farther together for the final tug on her dress, he was completely draped over his little girl, his hard-on solidly wedged between her perfect ass cheeks, his shorts really the only barrier between them, given how little there was to her panties back there.
He belatedly realized doing this from behind was a big mistake! But what was done was done, and they finally dropped her dress to the floor.
Chloe ended up bent far forward and nearly fell the rest of the way. Allen caught her and hauled her back up, as gently as he could, his hands studiously only around her waist or on her sculpted shoulders but still completely full of only her warm, smooth, bare skin. Once she was upright, he could finally take a step back and remove his hardened cock from inside the crack of his daughter's gorgeous ass.
That had felt much too good for safety, as was evident from the wet stain on his shorts. He wasn't sure that was all from him, either!
His baby girl turned around with a knowing smirk that belied her inebriated state. He struggled mightily but forced himself to look only in her eyes. She grinned at him and declared in a conspiratory whisper filled with fond amusement, "You're not v'ry good at thiss, are you, mister?"
"Ha, no. Apparently not." Thank God that was over.
"Well, mister, thass one down, two t'go," she stated, hands on her hips, facing him with a slight sway, wearing just her skimpy, incredibly sexy underwear, apparently quite pleased with her counting skills.
What? "Oh...uh...oh my. No, sweetheart. That...um... I think you can handle the rest on your own."
"Oh, no you don't, mister!" Chloe admonished Allen in what was probably her first clear sentence of the evening. She waggled her finger at him, and her mock-stern expression was so cute it made Allen's heart melt a bit. "You always say...fin'sh what you start, amIright?" She raised her eyebrows and looked at him expectantly, hands turning to fists on her hips. Allen felt caught, but she was so damn adorable, he didn't mind that much. When he didn't answer, she assumed agreement. "S'what I thought. So...lessgo, bub."
Oy. OK. He could do this. Allen figured the bra was obviously next, and he finally allowed himself to take a good look at what he had to work with.
He groaned as he studied the skimpy lavender lace covering the most perfect breasts on the planet. Well, covering was not quite accurate. There was so little there. The top halves of her areolas were exposed, sticking out of the low-cut lace that barely covered her hard nipples. And the lace itself was sheer enough that he could see her entire, gorgeous brown tips.
Even in her inebriated state, Chloe seemed quite aroused, as her areolas were deliciously puffy, and her nipples stood at attention like diamond drill bits.
Chloe apparently reveled in his attention. She smiled lopsidedly and unsteadily stuck her chest out toward him a bit. "You like my bra, Daddy?"
Allen stood transfixed as his little girl slowly caressed herself up from her hips and cupped each breast in her hands, squeezing them and closing her eyes. "Hmmmm. Thassnice." She opened them again and looked at him, cooing huskily, "You like my boobies, Daddy?" and Allen watched, mesmerized, as she pinched her nipples and shuddered slightly. She then curled two fingers under the lace and fished out her nipples, exposing them between her thumbs and forefingers and rolling them right in front of him. "Do you, Daddy?" Allen could only nod, stupefied. "I know, Daddy. Heehee, me, too. You like t'look, and I like t'show. I really, really like t'show. I really, really, really love when you look," she admitted.
She leaned in as if to tell him a secret and whispered, "'t makess me really horny, Daddy!" Allen could only muster silent thanks to hear that.
Thankfully, the little teen vixen before him stopped her ministrations, at least for now. "Hey, you. Whass the delay?" Chloe stuck her fabulous chest out at him again and ordered, "Lessgo, bub," in the catchphrase of the evening, pointing with both hands at her breasts as if she needed to be more clear.
OK, here we go, thought Allen. He stepped forward, staring at his baby girl's amazing chest. He reached out and put his hands on her hips. He was the one who needed steadying, now. He moved around behind her to undo her bra, his hands tracing along the bare flesh at her waist, and was rewarded with a laugh from his daughter.
"Where'd you go, silly Daddy? S'not back there, bucko." Chloe kept giggling and turned to face Allen. "Guess you weren't looking THAT closely at my boobies, Daddy. Too bad," she chuckled. She then took his hands in hers and brought them straight to her breasts, cupping herself fully with his hands. She looked down at what they were doing and cooed, "Thassnice, Daddy." He had to agree but felt like he was losing control of the situation, if he ever had it.
"Chloe," he said quietly, almost begging. "The clasp?"
"Right. Here is it, bub." Chloe pressed his hands into her soft breasts and squeezed, letting out a soft, cute moan, then slid them toward the center, guiding his fingers to the clasp there. She whispered, "S'go, bub," her chest heaving as her breathing increased.
Allen tried to calm his own breathing, as his pulse raced. His fingers found the fastener and finally released it. His hands were still fully cupping his daughter's fabulous breasts, so the bra stayed where it was for now.
"Psst! Hey you," Chloe whispered, and Allen looked up into her twinkling, mischievous eyes as she wiggled her fingers in front of him. He knew there was a message there.
Then he realized she was no longer holding his hands to her chest. When had she let go? As Allen processed this information, his hands were still copping a full and complete feel of his daughter's perfect breasts. Then he came out of it with a blink and mumbled, "Sorry!" as he loosened his firm grip.
"Oh, no no no no. No sorry, Daddy. S'OK. S'v'ry, v'ry OK. Feelssreally nice. I wanna do that more. Lots of more. Mi boobies es su boobies!" she declared with a giggle.
Allen slid his hands over her smooth skin, up the straps of Chloe's lacy bra to where they rested on her shoulders. He slowly slipped the straps sideways off each shoulder, releasing the bra, sliding his hands with it down her toned arms, watching as it dropped to the floor.
He forced his hands to his sides. There they were. Right in front of him. He'd seen them before, touched them before. But never like this. Never this close. He watched them heave as his precious baby girl breathed in excitedly.
Chloe looked down at herself. She whispered dreamily, "S'my boobies, Daddy. We like my boobies. Right, Daddy?"
"Yes, precious. Yes. We like your boobies very, very much." He couldn't take his eyes away. The perfect shape of them, defying gravity mere inches from him. The wondrous, puffy, nubby areolas, the perfect color against her skin. The hard nipples begging to be sucked. Even the detailed patterns of the freckles above and between her heavenly orbs.
"Wow, my Daddy. Lookie, thems my boobies," Allen's little girl cooed. "So puffy, Daddy. Thems puffy f'you. I show my boobies; you peek. Makessme so horny, Daddy, my peekie boy. Lookie how puffy they are f'r you. 'Cuz of you."
She then looked him in the eyes with an adorable, mewling plea that made his heart melt and begged him, "Daddy? Kiss them please, Daddy? Suck my boobies. My Daddy love, my love, my love. Please oh please oh please oh please oh please!" She grabbed his head in her hands to guide him down to his first taste of her young breasts.
Oh, God! Allen was nearly drooling. He wanted this so badly. He ached for it. She was begging him to do it. He could live out his fantasies right now.
But, no. Not like this.
He had to do something fast. So, Allen did the first thing he could think of. He redirected the route his mouth was taking and raised it to his baby girl's soft lips. And he kissed her. Deeply. Thoroughly. He didn't hold back behind any false boundaries about tongues or how much passion to show. He poured in all his love for her whole being and soul. He explored her mouth and lips with his tongue, spending some of his intense, pent-up erotic feelings from tonight.
His little girl responded eagerly, and they shared the best kiss of their existence right then, right there. His topless daughter pulled into his loving embrace, his hands roaming all over the smooth, warm skin of her naked back. She ground her pelvis against the raging erection between them that told the full story of what this experience truly meant to him. He needed some release. He was only human. So, he allowed himself this.
When they finally came up for air, Chloe couldn't stand up. So, Allen held her in his embrace. And he begged her softly, "Chloe. My love. My forever love. My deepest heart. Please, please don't ask me to do that. Please don't ask me to kiss your breasts. Because I want to. I want to very, very much. You have no idea. But not now. Not like this. Please."
Chloe wobbled in his arms, still reeling from their lovers' kiss. But she heard him. And she processed what he said. Then she looked lovingly into his eyes and whispered, "Poopie. You're a poopiehead!" and took a step back to (barely) stand in her own. She was grinning.
"Ha, yes. Yes, I guess I am. And probably a stupidhead while I'm at it."
She nodded. "Poopiestupie!" She grabbed both her beautiful breasts in her hands and lifted them straight at him and then dropped them with a playful shrug, as if to say, "This is what you're missing!"
Oh, he knew. But crisis averted.
"Guesswhat, Daddy?"
"What?"
"That's what!" Chloe giggled at how funny she thought she was. "No, really, guesswhat?"
"What?"
"One t'go." She directed his gaze to her panties, which he saw were soaked through. Apparently, she was as turned on as he was, even under the influence. "Lessgo, bub."
Right. Fuck. And he had thought the bra was a challenge! "Can you--"
"Don't you dare tell me t'do it m'self, Mr. Poopiehead! You're gonna fin'sh what you started." She was waggling her cute finger at him again. Could she be any more adorable? At least there wasn't a clasp to fail to find this time, like some inexperienced teenager. He stepped forward and placed his hands at the low waistband of her skimpy, lacy panties.
"Oh, no no no no, Mr. Poopiehead. Not like that." Then she leaned in to whisper sexily in his ear as she pushed down on his shoulders, "You gonna wanna see this, my Daddy love. Please!" She took a step to spread her legs a little more as she guided him to his knees in front of her.
Well, fuck. Fuckity fuck fuck. Here he was. He could literally smell the intoxicating aroma of his daughter's excitement, emanating from the teen holy grail right in front of his face. How strong does a man have to be?
"Slowly, Daddy. Pull them down really slowly."
"Why?"
"Shushie, mister. Jussdoit. You'll see."
Well, Allen got himself into this situation, and he couldn't deny how much he was looking forward to stripping off his daughter's panties while inches away from her pussy, leaving her completely naked right in front of him. So, as Chloe would say, lessgo, bub. But slowly, as instructed.
Allen tickled at the part of the pubic-hair heart (so soft!) that rose above the low waistline of his baby girl's panties then caressed both hands wide to her hips. He slowly pulled the panties lower. As he got them over her hips, he noticed the panties were still firmly secure against her crotch.
"Lemme help," Chloe whispered, staring down at him with wide, aroused eyes, perhaps not wanting to break the spell. She reached down her sides and held the panties in place below her hips. "Front and back, my Daddy. Right there. Slowly," she cooed reverently.
Allen did as he was told. He, too, was caught up in the spell. He tucked his left forefinger against his little girl's silky pussy hair, under the top edge of lavender lace. He reached his right hand around behind and traced his forefinger between her firm cheeks from the top of her amazing ass down until he felt the edge of her panties back there. (OK, technically that was more than required, but give a guy a break!)
Now positioned, Allen slowly pulled his young daughter's panties down. He heard her breath catch, and she moaned gently, "Look Daddy, my Daddy love."
He looked. And he nearly came on the spot. This was possibly the most erotic scene he had experienced in his entire life. No exaggeration. As he pulled the panties away from his baby girls swollen, wet pussy lips, there was a thick, slimy wall of clear pussy juice connected to both her pussy and her panties, and it stretched long and shiny as he continued to pull.
"Oh, Chloe. Baby."
"I know, Daddy. Lookie look. God, my Daddy love, I'm so horny. F'r you, Daddy. From showing you and peeking and playing and kissing and loving and everything. Daddy, s'for you," she whispered. " S'you, Daddy. Always you. And you see, I'm a pretty drippy girl," she giggled adorably, her voice husky with her arousal.
"That you are, precious. That you are!" Allen pulled a little lower and watched her amazing grool stretch farther.
Then he took a belated moment to gaze at the rest of the sight before him.
His baby girl's gorgeous young pussy was inches from his face. He could smell the exotic scent of her arousal emanating from her. Her swollen, soaking wet pussy lips were pink, separated, and fully engorged, thick and sticking out an inch or so from her other folds. The most-swollen center looked like angel wings reaching out even longer to enfold him in their embrace. They were spread wide, inviting his hard shaft inside. His cock responded, stretching like a steel pipe in his shorts, as if it were trying to reach all the way up to the pussy in front of him. Her clit was peeking out from under its hood, begging to be sucked. It was the most beautiful sight he had ever seen. He shook himself with the realization of how incredibly lucky he was to experience this.
"Daddy?" his little girl cooed. Allen realized he had been staring for a long time and probably should get on with it. But that wasn't why Chloe spoke.
"Yes, beautiful?"
"Heehee! You called me beautiful. Thassnice, my Daddy. But Daddy...you should taste it. Really, really you should."
Fuck. He knew that. Of course, he knew that! Just look at the feast literally spread before him. But once again, not tonight. Not like this. He just couldn't. He tried to explain, gently. And, of course, was again correctly labeled a poopiehead. And, for good measure, a stupidhead.
"Daddy. S'so good. So yummy. My Daddy, I tell you a big secret." Chloe kneeled down carefully, leaning on him and somehow managing both to keep the panties where they were between her legs and also to not fall over. She leaned in close to his ear and quietly admitted, "I drink my juices, my Daddy love. All the time. I can't get enough. I lick and suck them from my panties and scoop and drink them from my pussy. I think I might be addicted," she giggled nervously as she pulled back to gauge his reaction to one of her deepest secrets, her eyes wide and vulnerable.
Holy fuck. Allen fought to keep his mouth from dropping open. He watched his daughter's face start to get nervous and rushed to reassure her. "Fuck, Chloe. That is so hot! Seriously. I don't know what else to say. But trust me, that is freaking awesome and so very, very hot! I'm so happy you trusted me to share that with me. It makes me extremely excited to hear it."
Chloe smiled giddily with relief. "My Daddy love, I love to make you excited like that way. Makessme very happy if I turn you on and make you happy. I love you peeking at me. I love, love, love showing and sneaky, sneaky naughty time. S'fun. Lots. Makessme feel yummy and wet." She kissed him to emphasize her point and then stood back up. She needed his help, and that brought her breasts within tongue distance if he had only dared.
Amazingly, a string of grool was still stretched from her pussy to the crotch of her panties. He slowly lowered the panties some more, until the connection finally separated. Allen then pulled the panties the rest of the way off, and Chloe stepped out of them.
Allen looked up at his little girl's perfect, soaking, engorged pussy and the delicious-looking, long, clear string that hung almost to mid-thigh. Jesus! He was so close to it all. He could see up inside (inside!) her pink opening, her pussy was so flared and aroused.
He gently lifted the crotch of the panties and caught the juicy string there. Then he lifted the material the rest of the way and gently, lovingly cleaned his baby girl's pussy with her own panties. He inserted a finger slightly inside her through the fabric and wiped her from one end to the other. He caught all that he could onto the material in his hands.
And no, it did not escape him that he'd just had his finger inside his own daughter.
Chloe put a hand on his shoulder to steady herself. "Daddy, fuck. Oh, God, Daddy. Thassnice. You touching me like that...just wow, my Daddy love. Mmmm. You better do that again, my Daddy bucko!"
"Not tonight, my sweet love."
"Yeah, I know. Poopiehead!" she replied. But she was smiling.
Allen got up and placed Chloe's panties on her pillow, the shining, soaked crotch facing up. "For later," he offered.
"Oh. Ooh! Oooie ooh ooh! Oh yummy yum yum, my Daddy. Maybe you're not so much of a poopiehead, after all. Maybe," she winked.
"Well, look at you, you gorgeous, naked person! You are finally, at long last in your so-called pajamas! I must say I like the look, ha! I bet it never took that long to get undressed before."
"That was fun, my Daddy love. Really, really, really fun a lot. You're so fun. I love you so many times!"
"Ditto, precious. Now what?"
Chloe furrowed her brow adorably in thought. "Three things. Kisses. Then peepee. Then brushing. And before you ask, yes, you are helping with all that, poopiehead!" she grinned with a twinkle in her eye. "Ooh! Ooh! Four things! All those. Then more kissing. My Daddy's a really good kisser, big guy. Deal, Daddy-o?"
"Ha, it's hard to refuse you now that you're all naked, young lady," Allen joked. "Deal!"
"Oh, and you gotta be naked, too, Daddy. S'only fair, you know."
Yikes! "Chloe, no," Allen resisted gently.
"But Daddy..."
"No, Chloe. We can't do that. It's a really bad idea. You know any other time, I would truly love to. We were both naked this morning, and it was so exciting for me! But we really, really can't right now, as much as we both really want me to."
Chloe pouted, and that was as cute as anything else this evening. "Well, mister, I have two things to say to you. One: poopiehead! Two: incoming!" With that, Chloe launched her naked self into Allen's arms with a hearty laugh.
Allen joined his little girl in her laugh as she landed in his welcoming arms. They were well practiced at this by now and settled into their usual position, his left hand grasping her butt cheek and his right reaching around her back, while she twisted slightly to land her full breast in his waiting hand.
It was only then that the obvious dawned on him.
"Hey, you cheated!"
"Too late now, stupidhead," his tricky little girl retorted with a grin and a giggle. Before he could reply or change the situation, she brought her lips to his, and he forgot about raising further objections.
She clearly recalled his modification to protocol before and stuck her tongue deep into his mouth, sucking on his in return. They kissed and kissed and kept kissing. She was such a good kisser! Allen never wanted things to end whenever they got the chance to be together this way. This time was of course even more special on many levels, with tongues in play and his completely naked daughter in his arms.
Allen's precious baby girl's soft but firm butt cheek filled his left hand, and he couldn't help but knead her warm flesh there while he made out with his daughter. He could feel heat from her pussy nearby and had to resist a strong urge to slide his hand over, onto, and into her. He just thrust his tongue down her throat, instead.
His right hand was equally thrilled with its prize. Her breast, as always, fit so perfectly in his palm, like it was made to be there. Even moreso now that there were no clothes in the way. Allen loved the feel of her nubby, swollen areola, and he was amazed at how hard and prominent her nipple was between his fingers. He reveled in the feel of her bare flesh filling his hand, and he squeezed her lovingly and pinched her nipple while they continued a magical kiss he hoped would never end.
"Mmmm, my Daddy love. Thassnice. So nice," Chloe cooed as she came up for air. "I tell you 'nother secret, big guy." She leaned into his ear and whispered confidentially, "My nipples're way lotta sensitive, my Daddy. Hnnn. You're making lightening bolts to my yummy pussy right now!" She brought her lips back to his and moaned right into his mouth with an added, delighted squeal, as he pinched her again.
The way they were positioned, there was something else unmistakable to Chloe. He was so incredibly hard it almost hurt, and she could obviously feel him against her thigh.
"My Daddy love, I gotta peepee! But put me down first for huggies." Allen complied and lowered his little girl to the ground.
As his naked baby girl slid down his body, still holding on, Allen's cock was very obviously wedged between them, and it became clear that was her main objective.
"Mmmm, my Daddy love. Thassnice." She pulled away slightly and reached her hand between them, grabbing hold of his steel-hard shaft through his pre-cum-stained shorts. She squeezed lovingly and guided it to point straight up between them and then resumed her hug, now crushing herself to him to trap his raging hard-on against her. "Mmmm, s'so big, my Daddy. Secret time again, my Daddy love. C'm'ere." She pulled his head down to whisper in his ear. "I really, really, really, really like your weenie, my Daddy love. I peek. You show. I love to look at it. A lot. A lotty lot lot! You better keep letting me see it, Mr. Poopiehead!"
Chloe started moving her body slightly against him, effectively caressing Allen's hard cock through his shorts with her naked torso. She continued, "When iss hard, I call it a 'cock,' my Daddy love. That thingss hard a lot! Always pointy to me, heehee! I love, love, love that. So pretty. Sorry, handsome," she giggled.
She gyrated against him some more an pulled her mouth even closer to whisper more quietly and urgently, "My Daddy love's wunnerful, hard cock gives me drippies in my lippies!" and that made her laugh out loud. "Haha! Drippies in my lippies! I'm funny." Allen couldn't argue and chuckled with her. Then his little girl continued, "But iss true, my Daddy. You get me so wet from showing me that thing. Keep it up, bucko!"
Chloe continued her gyrations up and down on him, almost jerking him off with her naked body. It felt amazing! Almost too amazing, since she could definitely make him cum just from that, after all he had been through tonight. "My Daddy love, thassnice. So nice. Also...guesswhat, my Daddy?"
"What, my Chloe?"
She chuckled at the term, mimicking what she'd been calling him all night. "Clever, my boy. But lissen. Gotta say this. I really, really, really want to feel your naked cock against my skin, my Daddy love."
"Chl--"
"Shushie, you Mr. Poopiehead! I know not tonight, cuz you're a stupidhead. But I'm naked in my Daddy's arms right now, and I love, love, love that. You're holding your naked daughter, Daddy. I need you naked, too. We're gonna do that thing, you know. Yessireebob! S'only fair," she stated, repeating her earlier argument.
Allen could only stay silent, since frankly, she was probably right. He really hoped for that wish of hers to come true.
"We gonna go pee now. Well, I dunno about you, but I sure am! But first, one more secret. I'm a secret machine, my Daddy! Heress another." She pulled her body away to grab his cock again and wrapped her hand fully around his rigid shaft through his shorts to tell him, "I love the taste of your cum, Daddy."
Fuck! She had better let go, or he was going to cum in his pants right now! When? How did she taste his cum? Did she mean his pre-cum?
Chloe was apparently perceptive enough to see the confusion on his face, and she clarified. "My giftie to you, Daddy. You obvi'sly liked my panties very, very much! Heehee! Your cum all over them was yummy yummy yum!"
Then she looked at him sternly, which only translated into an adorably cute face that melted him again, as she declared, "Seri'sly, my Daddy love, thassnice 'n' tasty. You better let me drink up more of that stuff, mister! Iss almost as good as my yummy juices! Share and share alike, I am told. So, give it up, buster. But yeah, yeah, blah, blah, poopiehead, not now," she winked.
But then she held his gaze, waiting for something. Allen finally gave a nod of agreement, and she thankfully released his penis as she replied, "Good boy," patting his cockhead as she said it.
"Now iss peepee time. And at thiss point, we better hurry. Lessgo, bub." She reached up with her lips to gently kiss him once more, holding one hand lovingly behind his head as she did so. She closed her eyes and moaned her delight into his mouth before letting go and grabbing his hand, leading them out into the hallway.
As they entered the hall, Chloe started skipping, apparently happy to be out there in just her skin. She admitted as much to Allen, sharing another secret that she frequently went naked up there, stripping as soon as she was out of sight on the staircase. And now that she walked bare-assed to her morning shower ("Imma keep doing that, Daddy, bucko, hope thass OK with you." Allen assured her it was very, very OK with him.), she was more often than not clothes free up there now. "So, no peeking, Daddy." Another wink.
As they entered the bathroom, Allen's adorable baby girl issued her instructions. "I might fall, Daddy, so you gotta hold me up. I sit. You hold! C'm'ere." Still holding his hand, she used her other the lift the toilet seat lid then sat down.
She pulled him to his knees in front of her and spread her legs, offering him a blatant and gorgeous view of her still-aroused teen pussy. He couldn't help but stare. She whispered reverently, "You like my pussy, Daddy," and gently caressed his cheek for a moment.
Then she continued her instructions. "OK, bucko. You better hold on so I don't fall. And lissen, mister, you better pick the right hand holds!" she declared, sticking her chest toward him as a clear hint. Allen was highly amused.
She obviously needed no help sitting up without falling, but he was now just totally enjoying the silly nature of his tipsy daughter's shenanigans and was happy to play along. After all, she was naked, for God's sake!
But that didn't mean he couldn't tease her when he got the chance. So, he made his choice. He reached his hands as if heading toward her breasts but then placed them on her thighs, sliding them up to her waist. He looked up at her innocently.
"Thass not what I meant, you stupidhead!" she admonished, slapping at his shoulder, and Allen couldn't help but laugh. Then Chloe's nose wrinkled cutely, and she joined him, giggling, one of the most delightful sounds that existed anywhere. "Daddy's funny. OK, fine, dummyhead."
Then his little girl focused on the task at hand and looked down at herself. She leaned back a little on the seat and brought her hand to her pussy, right in front of Allen. "Look, Daddy. Lookie at it. It looks like I already peed. Oopsie. I better cleanup."
Chloe's fascinating young pussy was indeed pink, swollen, and coated again with her juices, which of course had continued to flow after he cleaned her with her panties. Allen watched transfixed as his daughter stuck two fingers into her pussy and scooped up a generous amount of her pussy juices before bringing them to her mouth to suck them clean.
"Holy fuck, Chloe!" He exclaimed before he could stop himself. He was indeed doomed to cum in his shorts at some point this eventful night.
"Tsk tsk, language, my Daddy," Chloe scolded with a grin, her mouth full of fingers as she continued scooping and eating all of her juices as he watched, mesmerized. Jesus! That was so fucking hot! "Guesswhat, Daddy."
"What?"
"None for you, stupidhead!" She then looked at him and emphasized, "Some day, Daddy. You will taste me and know that you have done so. And you will really see what a stupidhead you are!" Then she laughed extra hard, though he wasn't sure why.
"Well then, at long last, it's peepee time," Chloe announced. Allen slid his thumbs toward his baby girl's pussy hair and played with the silky heart-shaped patch while he looked between his daughter's spread, toned legs and watched her pee. There was a lot! She had, after all, consumed three alcoholic drinks at the party and who knows how many non-alcoholic ones. He was surprised her bladder had held out this long.
Once again, Allen was transfixed by the sight in front of him. He was surprised at how much watching his teen daughter pee turned him on.
Of course, her perfect pussy always excited him. And the close up views of her tonight, so intensely aroused and spread open, pink and waiting, kept his cock threatening to burst from his pants. But this was even more.
Watching the pee flow, feeling her belly muscles moving under his hands, gazing at her pussy through and around the stream, it was an amazing experience. He had thought this was just a one-time silly thing his drunken daughter was making him do. But it was way hotter than he had expected. "Chloe, that's awesome!" he admitted, captivated.
"Daddy, it's just peepee," she stated as it continued to flow in a long stream.
"No, precious, no. I don't understand it. I...Chloe, this is my secret to tell you, and even I didn't know it until now. So, it's a brand new secret, just for you. This is such a turn on for me! Watching you pee. FEELING you pee. Even the sound of it. I don't know why. It's very, very thrilling. It would make me so hard for you, all by itself. But of course, I've been hard all night," he chuckled. "So...well...uh...thank you for letting me be here."
"Really, Daddy?" Chloe thought about it and concluded gently, "Thass pretty cool, my Daddy love. You're welcome. Maybe we do this again."
"I think I would like that."
At last the unexpectedly thrilling stream turned to a trickle, and Allen felt Chloe's muscles squeeze out her final squirts into the bowl.
"Time t'wipe," Chloe stated the obvious. She balled up some toilet paper and proceeded to drop the wad on the floor. "Oops!" Allen picked it up and handed it back to her. It fell out of her hand to her other side. "Oopsie again! I guess you have to do it, Daddy."
"Seriously?" He arched an eyebrow at her, clearly onto her game. Not that he cared to call her on it.
"Yup. Lessgo, bub."
Ha. Allen was getting to like that phrase. He picked up the tissue and realized the opportunity being presented to him.
"Front to back, Daddy," Chloe instructed, her voice soft as she apparently took in the scene she had created for herself. So Allen reached between his own young daughter's legs and wiped her pussy, front to back is directed, cleaning his precious little girl of her pee.
He should have just dropped the wad of paper into the water at that point, but he didn't. His curiosity was too strong. He raised the damp ball from between her legs and up to his nose, breathing in the scent. He closed his eyes and breathed in again, more deeply. He didn't know what he expected, but even that was a turn on. Slightly sweet, a little pungent, but completely hot!
God, what the heck?
Allen decided not to question it too much. This was clearly a new thing, and his cock would grow larger and harder if that weren't impossible right now, so it was obviously something he wanted to happen again some day. That was four of his five senses that got turned on by his daughter and her pee. He wasn't quite ready to delve into the fifth right now, though he guessed how that would go.
"You like it, Daddy?" his baby girl asked quietly, gently, putting her hand on his cheek.
Allen looked up into her gorgeous green eyes. "Yes, precious. I like it very much. Wow. I don't know why, but I really, really, do," Allen admitted, as surprised as she probably was. He dropped the exciting treasure between his little girl's still-spread legs.
"Thass really cool," Chloe repeated. "Hey, guesswhat."
"What?"
"I love you, Daddy." And she bent over to kiss him on the cheek from her perch. He enjoyed the feeling and was very happy for her acceptance of his new discovery with her. "Daddy?" she asked quietly, her soft lips right next to his ear.
"Yes, my love?"
"Do you have to pee?"
Allen realized he really did have to pee. And quite urgently, now that the idea was planted.
Could he do this with her there? That was probably a bad idea. He could just have her turn around and take care of business quickly before helping her brush her teeth. He could also go to his own bathroom, of course, but he really didn't want to risk waking Kathy in his state and with her naked daughter walking the halls. No, that was an even worse idea.
On the other hand, she had been mostly good. So, maybe a reward, if carefully done.
"I do," he told her.
His little girl's beautiful green eyes lit up. "Lemme help! Oh, please, please, please, my Daddy love!" She gave him her patented pouty look that almost always won her what she was asking for. "S'only fair."
"OK," Allen responded simply. His little girl's face looked delightedly shocked. She must have thought he would be a poopiehead about this, too. He almost was. But he relented.
This had to be done carefully. "Only one rule, and it's very important. No touching!"
If Chloe was disappointed by the rule, that feeling apparently passed quickly with the realization she was going to get to see his penis tonight after all. "Okee dokee, Mr. Not Poopiehead. Issa deal. So...lessgo, bub."
She stood up and nodded her head at the toilet seat. "You sit. I hold." He looked at her. "You, not it, stupidhead! Like you did. Jusslike that. Now sit!" Chloe knelt in front of the toilet to assume her role of holder.
She was right about sitting. With how rock solid Allen was right now, there was no way he could pee standing up. It was going to be difficult enough to angle himself even when seated.
First things first, though: his shorts. His precious baby girl seemed to realize the needed step at that moment, too, and he could clearly see her work out that she was on her knees right in front of where it would happen. Her breath literally quickened, as he watched it all dawn on her. It made him very happy to see she was that excited about the prospect.
OK, then. As Chloe would say, lessgo, bub. Allen turned to face Chloe, and she inched herself around so she was right in front of him. Her sparkling, green eyes bulged wider than he'd ever seen them before as he brought his hands to his waistband.
He had to pull the material forward so it wouldn't get stuck on his steely-hard cock. He considered using the shorts to pull his cock all the way down and let it spring up comically, but he wanted to make a little bit of a more solemn presentation. So he reached inside and stood his cock straight up within his shorts, placing the waistband against the tip.
Then he began.
He slowly lowered his shorts in front of the mesmerized face of his teen daughter. She watched his cock appear before her face, inch by inch. Allen saw his little girl actually lick her lips, her breathing still heavy. As he finally passed his balls, Allen dropped the shorts to the ground and stepped out of them, kicking them to the side.
Allen stood there, letting is little girl adjust to the sight of him. She actually made a cute sound like a kitten mewling, which he assumed was a good thing. She moved her face closer, inspecting his rock-hard cock from literally only an inch away. She moved her eyes up, down, and all around, soaking in every centimeter of him. He could feel her breath on his cock, and that alone was almost enough to make him cum on her face.
"My Daddy love," his precious baby girl cooed with deep sincerity. "Iss beautiful. Juss really, completely, totally, amazingly beautiful!" She looked up at him with what looked like almost tears in her eyes. "God, Daddy. I love it! I really, really love it so very, very much. You let me see it, and I always love, love that. You show. I peek. S'fun. So very, very fun. You better keep doing that. A lot. A lot lot! But Daddy, I'm so close to it. I could just kiss it; I love it so much. I know, no touching, but oh please, oh please let me some day!"
"After tonight, my love, I expect there's little that would be able to prevent that," Allen admitted with a smile. "But for tonight, as you say, it's peepee time." Chloe backed up slightly so he could sit. She turned to face him as he did so, watching his cock closely on the way down.
As he sat, Chloe stated, "I hold," and brought her hands up to his chest as if grabbing breasts there. Then she laughed. "Juss kidding, poopiehead. I'm funny." She put her hands on his thighs like he had done and slid them up to the top.
Allen sat with his hard cock still sticking straight up in the air. She looked at it from above while he gazed again at her perfect nude form, marveling at how long they had been together with her completely naked.
"Thassnice, my Daddy. I love that thing." Chloe was staring at the erection pointing straight up at her face, seemingly soaking in the sight. Then she giggled. "Daddy, iss wet."
She was right, of course. He had been leaking pre-cum all night, as was evidenced by the huge stain on his shorts. And like his little girl, he was still dripping. Given the situation, it was quite a bit. Allen squeezed his tip between a thumb and forefinger, and his little girl watched in fascination, as the drop got bigger. Allen scooped it up onto his first two fingers and brought it to his mouth. He stuck his tongue forward, so his baby girl could watch him lather the large drop onto it before pulling his tongue back in and swallowing his first serving. "Mmmm!"
In her tipsy state, even Chloe's looks of envy were cute. Allen repeated the whole process, chuckling with teasing amusement at his little girl's rapt attention, following the tasty drop through its entire route, until it disappeared. "S'only fair," Allen quipped with a smirk.
"Daddy," his baby girl pouted, sadly--and adorably.
Then Allen made his young daughter watch the process again, right up to the point where his coated fingers were near his tongue. There, he paused and whispered, "Hey, Chloe, guess what."
"What, Daddy?"
"Unlike some people, I share." Allen was rewarded with the most beautiful brightening of his daughter's face as she realized what he meant. He fell in love with her all over again in that moment.
"Daddy? My Daddy love? Really? Really, really?"
"Shhh. Open up, precious," Allen instructed gently. Chloe's soft, perfect lips parted to receive his offering. He gently pushed his pre-cum covered fingers into his little girl's mouth. It was his turn to be fascinated, as he watched her reaction.
Chloe closed her eyes and sat back on her heels. Allen saw her moving her tongue to coat the inside of her mouth with his juices before swallowing. "Mmmm is right, Daddy. Thassnice. Thass so, so tasty. So yummy. I love that stuff. Makes me horny, Daddy, so much." Allen almost could see his teen daughter's exposed areolas swell and her bare nipples harden even more as she said that, but that was probably his imagination.
Allen enjoyed a nice meal with Chloe. He had always liked the taste of his pre-cum and was happy to see his daughter shared that opinion.
Given the situation, with this gorgeous, naked, nubile young woman on her knees before him, almost as if to take him into her mouth, adding to all the sexy play tonight, this meal could probably last forever. He would keep producing pre-cum indefinitely.
As it was, they each had four more very generous servings before he called a halt to the feast. Allen had squeezed as much juice as he could each time, coating three fingers thickly, feeding the ravenous young beauty between his legs as she slurped, licked, and sucked on his fingers hungrily.
His baby girl's reactions throughout were sexy and adorable and loving. She cooed. She mewled. She exclaimed in delight. She giggled. And she thanked him, seriously and sincerely and deeply, her face getting solemn before brightening again with her joy that he was doing this with her. That they were doing this together.
But really, he was sitting here for a reason, and it actually wasn't for the erotic thrill of feeding his pre-cum to his little daughter. "Chloe, guess what."
"What, Mr. Delicious Not Poopiehead?" she chuckled, licking her lips.
"It's peepee time."
"Yup. S'OK. Thought so, Daddy. I hold." She reestablished her (completely unnecessary but entirely welcome) grip at the top of his thighs near his cock.
"I'm going to push this down to aim it inside the bowl. That's not easy. It's so hard. For you, sweetheart."
"For me, my Daddy," she quietly echoed. She stared at his steel-hard erection as he struggled to point it down far enough to not pee all over her. As he told her he was going to start, she moved her thumbs inward, rubbing onto and around the trimmed patch of hair above his cock, mirroring his playing with her silky heart.
He peed. Like Chloe, he had saved up quite a tankful by now, and the constricting angle made it last extra long. His little girl cooed with excitement to be that close, witnessing the event.
"I feel it Daddy! I feel you peeing from your belly. Thass cool. Thass hot." She leaned her head between his legs to watch his penis relieve itself. "Wow. Wowie wow! Look at that. I wish I could hold it for you. Shush mister, I know."
She caressed the muscles involved and looked at her hands in wonder. Her eyes told him what she was going to say next. "Daddy, I have a new secret, too. We're always the same, Daddy. This is so, so hot!" She reached her hand down and placed it over her pussy and clamped her legs together with a groan to emphasize her point.
Allen finally finished, and Chloe insisted, "Don't shake! Imma wipe it." She batted her eyes at him. Kind of. "S'only fair." She reached for some toilet paper and held a small wad in front of him. "Lessgo, bub."
"Chloe--"
"Shush. Truss me, Daddy." He did. He carefully fished out his still-thick, hard cock for her, as requested, without giving it a shake. And sure enough, a few drops were left over and started trickling down his tower of steely flesh. With some emphasis, his little girl showed him her free hand and put it behind her back. She then brought her face less than an inch from his cock, and he felt her warm breath on him again as she followed her hand up while she stroked him from bottom to top with her small ball of paper, reaching the tip with a cute flourish, as if to say, "ta da!"
Fuck. Her smiling lips were so deliciously close to his cockhead. He bet if she simply puckered, she'd come in contact, and he would immediately explode. She fortunately stayed true to her word and backed off, even though her desire to do just that was visibly clear in her eyes.
"That wass fun, Daddy," she admitted simply, still staring at his raging erection, which was pointing at its biggest fan. He had to agree.
Chloe brought her prize to her nose and tentatively took a sniff. He watched her eyes get a little wider with surprise then close slightly with arousal. She breathed in more deeply. He watched what he assumed was the same calculation about four vs. five senses, and she licked her lips as if imagining sense number five getting its chance. She eventually decided the same as he and tossed her treasure lightly and reluctantly between his legs.
"Wow, Daddy. Thassnice. You're so right. Why is that hot, Daddy? It made me horny. Well, more horny. Issa turn on, like for you. We both share a new secret." She looked up at him as if processing that fact again. "How weird are we?"
"Ha, I guess we'll just add this to the list, sweetie."
"Heehee. Yeah," she nodded. "Daddy?"
"Yes, precious?"
"Less do that again sometime."
"Definitely."
Allen reached for his little girl's hands and stood with her, reaching back to close the lid and flush. He looked down at the small puddle on the floor under where she was kneeling. Holy fuck. That was definitely not pee. "Uh, Chloe?"
"Yes, Daddy?"
"Maybe you should...uh...wipe again?" He indicated the shiny spot of liquid in the floor.
She followed his gaze to the floor and giggled adorably. "Told you I was a drippy girl, Daddy." Then she looked into his eyes and whispered, "Watch this," stepping her feet wider apart and reaching four fingers of one hand and then the other to scoop at her pussy while he stared, mesmerized once again by this endlessly sexy creature. After she slurped both hands clean, she assessed, "Thass so good. I'm so tasty, Daddy. But you don't think you know that, stupidhead," she concluded with affection. He wasn't quite sure what she meant by that but was too stupefied at what he'd just witnessed to care.
"Brushie time! You better hold me up, Daddy," Chloe advised. Allen pictured it vividly, standing behind his naked young daughter at the sink, holding onto her hips, his equally naked, steely hard cock resting not just on her but wedged vertically between the cheeks of her perfect, glorious bubble butt. He could slide himself up and down in her crack, pushing against her to hold her up. And if he pulled back far enough, he could change his angle and slide inside her, his little girl, and then--
Chloe snapped her fingers in his face, and Allen was shaken out of his reverie. Ha! Wow. That was so clear and had felt so real. This beautiful creature had truly and forever captivated him, his entire heart and being. "Hey, you," she smiled, "you in there? Lessgo, bub!"
"Ha, right! Sorry." Allen went to the corner to pick up his shorts and put them back on.
"Ah! Right. Poopiehead. Lemme say goodbye." Chloe didn't wait for any objection. She quickly knelt in front of Allen, sliding her hands around to his bare butt cheeks. He allowed her that touch. It felt nice, gentle.
She cooed goodbyes to his cock, kissing his hips on either side. Her soft lips felt sensual against his skin. It was yet another adorable scene among an evening full of them.
She silently held out a hand without looking away from his erection, and he took the hint, handing her his shorts. His baby girl helped him step into them, and then she pulled them up, carefully lifting them up and over his cock, back in place. She then patted him tenderly through his shorts and gave his covered cock a gentle kiss, whispering, "Goodbye, buddy. See you soon."
She stood and looked him in the eyes, grinning affectionately, "I love that thing, Daddy."
Allen's naked baby girl then stood and headed to the sink with another, "Lessgo, bub." Allen followed dutifully.
There was a small step stool in the bathroom, which Chloe or Kathy sometimes used to reach things on the highest shelf in the linen closet in there, and Chloe slid it in place at the sink for her to stand on. He stood behind Chloe, admiring once again her bare bubble butt, a thing of such perfection.
She put toothpaste on her brush and instructed him, "Hold me, Daddy." He complied, placing his hands on the soft, warm skin of his little girl's waist, to hold her up, as if she really needed that. In the mirror, he could greatly appreciate the benefit of the stool, which he assumed was intentional: her pussy was above the counter level, so all her sexy bits were on full display for him. For them both. Clever girl!
"No, my Daddy love. HOLD me." Chloe put down her toothbrush and took his hands, reaching them around her to bring him into a hug from behind. She pulled Allen up against her bare back, and his raging-hard cock slid vertically and lodged again into one of its favorite places.
Allen discovered a highly pleasurable side benefit of the stool, since it brought his little girl's perfect ass to just the right height for his cock to slide between her cheeks. He took a moment to simultaneously compliment himself and berate himself for having put his shorts back on.
She pulled his left hand around her waist and his right up onto her left breast, where she once again used his hand under hers to caress herself. "Hmmm. Thassnice, Daddy." He most definitely agreed. But when she let go, he reluctantly lowered his hand off her soft but firm breast, hugging just below it, so the shape of her rested on his fingers. She looked him in the eyes in the mirror and silently mouthed, "poopiehead!" then began brushing her teeth.
Allen's young daughter glowed in the lights over the sink, her gorgeous female form reflected for them both to admire. Because of the stool, everything was there to see.
Their heads were at the same height as well, and he lovingly whispered in her ear, "Look at that. Just look at you. You stunningly beautiful, sexy, alluring creature. Chloe, I love everything about you. It starts on the inside and always has, your intellect, your good humor, your kindness, your bravery, your friendship. That would be more than enough. It truly would. But God Almighty, just look at you! You are perfection personified. Every part of you is exactly how I would design the perfect girl. Every single part. One day, we will do the whole inventory, and I will prove my point to you. But for now, my dear, my love, my heart, my soul, my everything, understand this: I love you with my entire being, from deep within my core. To have you here in my arms is like being in Heaven on Earth. I'm so blessed, and I can't believe you let me be with you this way, but thank you. Deeply and wholly and with all my heart, I thank you."
Allen had gotten lost in what he was saying and finally looked into his daughter's eyes. She was gently crying, just staring back at him. She quickly spit and rinsed and then stood back up, tears still in her eyes. She turned in his arms, sniffling. "Oh, Daddy. That's so nice. I...I don't know what to say. You fill my heart up, Daddy. I am so lucky to love a man like you. Daddy, I do. Really and truly. Not just as my Daddy, but really, really love. Everything we share, everything we have shared, everything we will share. It makes my life complete, Daddy. You do that. It's all you, Daddy." A tear fell onto her cheek. "You better kiss me now."
He did.
When they finally came up for air, Allen wiped a remaining tear from his baby girl's eye. "You may think I'm putting you on a pedestal, but you have already done that," he quipped, with a light kick to the stool.
"Heehee! Daddy's funny." She kissed him lightly on the lips once more. Allen would never, ever get tired of kissing this girl.
"Now, you put me to bed. Lessgo, bub." She took his hand and skipped out into the hallway back to her bedroom.
Allen's young daughter moved the wet panties on her pillow to the one next to hers and lay down on her bed. He started to lift the covers over her.
"No. No, no, Daddy. Not yet," she stopped him. "Daddy, guess what."
"What, precious?"
"I'm naked."
"Ha, yes. Yes, you are." She was lying back on the bed, completely uncovered, her silken hair splayed out on her pillow, her teen legs slightly parted, her arms at her side. Open and vulnerable and sexy and young and beautiful and precious and lovable. Most of all, entirely lovable.
"I wanna be naked with you forever, Daddy. Issnice."
"I would like that, sweetheart."
"But Daddy, guess what."
"What?"
"I'm pooped."
"I'm not surprised. I'll tell you something: Me, too. I thought I was just bringing my drunk little girl home to put to bed. You made it quite the adventure."
"Tonight was fun, Daddy. Even if you are a poopiehead." Chloe grinned up at him affectionately. "There's still a spot here for you, bub," she winked, patting the empty space next to her.
Allen stroked his baby girl's hair gently. "Tonight, we've proven once again, my love, that you are extremely hard to resist. And yes, I had a lot of fun. Thank you for being so lovable and playful and letting me enjoy it with you. To enjoy you. But there was no way I was going to take advantage of you after you'd been drinking. No matter how much you begged. I would never do that, not to you nor anyone else. Poopiehead label or not."
"Daddy, guess what."
Allen chuckled. "What, sweetheart?"
"I love my poopiehead." She melted his heart one more time.
"And don't worry, even though I won't be sleeping next to you, we'll still be together. It turns out I dream of you. All night. Every night," Allen admitted.
"Daddy, really?" Chloe got animated again and pulled his head close with both hands. Excited, she revealed, "Me, too, Daddy! All night. Every night. Issnice." He had to agree. "And Daddy?"
"Yes, sweetie?"
"You're really good at that stuff we do in my dreams."
He smiled, proud of his imaginary self. "You are, too, dear. You are, too."
"We do a lotta lotta things," she giggled softly. "Some day, Daddy. Some day."
"Some day, my love."
"Kissy time, Daddy. But Daddy, can you... please... is it OK? Can you kiss all of me? I think I would really like that."
"All of you?"
"Yup. You can skip the poopiehead parts, but I just want to be all naked for my Daddy a little longer. I love it so much. I love you so much!" She gazed into his eyes with yearning, and she easily won against any weak will he might have. As usual. Because, honestly, who could refuse such a request?
So Allen turned and leaned and kissed his little girl's big toe. She giggled and cooed and whispered her happiness and thanks. He proceeded to confirm what he already knew. She was truly beautiful, head to toe. Or toe to head, as it were.
He kissed every toe, up both legs, on each knee. Light pecks all along her bare skin. He held each hip and kissed across her pelvis, tickling his nose in her silky heart of hair, earning an extra giggle. Yes, he gazed close up at her fabulous pussy as he passed by. Yes, it was still open and aroused and pink and sexy and glistening and amazing.
Then he kissed up her belly, inside her innie. No tongue, no sucking, just light, loving brushes of his lips on her soft, warm skin. Yes, he gazed up close at her gorgeous breasts, her puffy areolas, her nipples reaching for attention. He kissed between them, above then, below them. He even spared a light kiss for the tip of each erect nipple, earning a whispered coo.
He kissed down her arms, kissed every fingertip. He kissed across her left shoulder then up, down, and back up her graceful neck on that side. He repeated the pattern on her other side.
He kissed up the side of her face and around, starting and ending at her chin. He kissed her lips, her nose, her lips, a cheek, her lips, the other cheek, her lips.
He whispered his love to her once again, gently but earnestly. She whispered back, echoing his feelings and thanking him for the perfect ending to the evening.
He gently kissed her on each eyelid, and her eyes stayed closed.
He watched her beautiful face a moment, brushing her hair back. Then he carefully reached down and pulled the covers up and over her. She settled in as sleep seemed to take her quickly.
As Allen turned to look at his young daughter one last time before turning out her light, his heart was full to near bursting. He didn't know how he had managed to get so lucky. "Goodnight, my precious sleepyhead," he whispered. Then he gently closed the door.