"Ginger and I are getting together tonight for happy hour at Brewster's Pub." Kay announced as I bent down to tie my shoes.
After our impromptu phone sex session with Ginger last night, I fucked Kay again and fell asleep with my head resting on her big soft tits. She was still curled up under the covers as I dressed for work after a quick shower. I had apparently missed them planning a happy hour meeting as I daydreamed about having them both naked in bed with me.
"I can make happy hour." I replied.
Kay grinned and then replied. "Its girls only, Ginger thinks we should get to know each other on a one to one basis and wants me to meet her daughter Mindy."
I straightened up and walked across the bedroom then sat on the edge of the bed. "I suppose that's a good thing, I certainly want you two to become friends." I remarked and then added. "But Brewster's is such a meat market I'll be worried that two sexy ladies like you might attract the attention of all the young studs looking for some hot pussy."
Kay sat up in bed, the fluffy comforter she was snuggled under dropped away from her big tits. "Well, if we do find some young hard cock you can rest assured that while we're fucking him we'll be thinking about you." A broad smile coming across her lips as she teased me.
"That's very reassuring." I answered.
"I promise to call you when I get home to fill you in on all the details." Kay said.
I stood up and turned to face her. "I'll be waiting for your call." I answered as I leaned down to kiss her and gently caress one soft breast before leaving her naked in bed.
I made a quick stop at my place to change my clothes and then headed for the office. As I pulled into a parking space outside the office Francine was just getting out of her car. The three quarter length coat she was wearing covered her outfit but allowed me to enjoy the view of her shapely calves and sexy high heels.
"Maybe Fran would be free tonight." I thought since Kay and Ginger wouldn't. I hurried to catch up with her as she waited in the lobby for the elevator.
"Morning Francine, how are you feeling?" I asked as the doors slid open.
"Much better Allen thanks." Fran replied as she stepped into the elevator and turned to face me as I followed her.
She unbuttoned her coat to reveal a dark blue flowing pleated skirt and a low cut powder blue knit sweater that accentuated her sexy tits. My eyes dropped to the bottom of the V in her sweater as I enjoyed the view of her cleavage. From the way her tits were pressed together I assumed she was wearing a bra that not only lifted but held her tits firmly together. I instantly drew a mental image of my cock sliding through the soft warm flesh.
"Do you like my sweater?" Fran asked.
I looked up, somewhat embarrassed that she'd caught me staring at her tits, and replied. "What's not to like."
Fran smiled and moved one hand up to the V in her sweater. As she pulled the knit fabric down enough to show me the black lace trim of her bra she said. "I'm wearing a new bra today."
"That looks very sexy." I commented as the elevator came to a stop at our floor.
"I'm glad you think so, I had you in mind when I bought it." Fran said as the doors slid open and she stepped into the lobby of the office.
I followed her, then paused to enjoy the view of her legs again as she headed off to her cubical wondering if her panties matched the sexy lace fringe of her bra.
There was a stack of phone messages on my desk, the result of me being out of the office all afternoon the day before. I spent an hour returning calls and then decided to grab a cup of coffee in the lunch room. From the door to the lunch room I could see Fran sitting at her desk and noticed her wavy brunette hair was getting longer, extending beyond her shoulders nearly reaching the top of her chair. With a cup of java in hand I decided to pay her a visit.
Fran was on the phone as I approached, I stopped beside her desk catching her attention. She smiled and held up one finger letting me know she'd be finished in a moment or two. I used those moments to survey her looks again. Her skirt while not as tight as most she wears still outlined her shapely thighs nicely and stopped just above her knees. Fran pulled on the fabric of her sweater inviting me to again enjoy the sensual view of her tits and exposing more of the black lacy trim and the red cups of her bra.
She smiled at me as she listened to what her caller was saying, but turned her chair slightly and crossed her legs. The fragrance of her perfume wafted up into my nostrils, an intoxicating scent that hinted of cinnamon. As she spoke Fran looked up at me, her crystal blue eyes sparkling sensually.
I decided right then that if possible I'd be staring down into those eyes later as I slammed my hard cock deep inside her tight wet pussy.
"Sorry Allen." Fran apologized as she hung up the phone.
"No problem, I was enjoying myself watching you talk." I answered.
She smiled. "Don't you mean you were enjoying yourself checking out my cleavage?"
I grinned and admitted. "Well yes, but don't assume that's the only thing I've noticed."
"Oh really." Fran answered expecting me to expand on what else I was checking out.
"I was standing over by the lunch room and noticed your hair is getting longer." I remarked.
"I've decided to let it grow out a little. Do you like it?" Fran asked as she was leaning back in her chair and swinging a sexy leg toward me.
"I believe I do, it opens up all kind of possibilities." I said in a suggestive tone of voice.
Fran grinned before asking. "What possibilities are you thinking about?" Her leg moved more as she waited for me to reply.
I leaned down and quietly answered. "Long hair is great to grab when fucking doggie style."
She leaned forward so her lips were very close to my ear. "I'd love having you pull my hair as you pound your hard cock inside me."
That was enough for me and asked. "How about tonight?"
"I'd love to, but today is my wedding anniversary. Jim and I are going out for dinner after work." Fran answered bursting my bubble about fucking her later.
I smiled to hide my disappointment and said. "Well happy anniversary. At least one of us will be getting some tonight."
"Perhaps, if I can keep Jim off the booze long enough to get him in bed." Fran replied.
"I can't imagine him thinking of much else judging by the way you're dressed today." I remarked.
"Trust me Jim doesn't appreciate this nearly as much as you." She said moving her hands down over her sexy body with the palms facing me.
"Pardon me if this is outta line, but I think Jim's a moron." I remarked.
She smiled widely, the sparkle in her blue eyes confirming she'd rather have my cock buried inside her tonight. "Well yeah." She replied, agreeing with my assessment of her husband and added. "I'd think you'd be spending Friday night with Kay."
"Kay's busy tonight too." I answered not expanding on what she was going to be doing.
"So you'll be seeing madam palm and her five daughters?" Fran asked with a sheepish grin on her lips.
"That is a distinct possibility." I answered.
"Keep me in mind if you do." Fran said.
"I will Fran, and if old Jimmy doesn't come through for you tonight you can keep me in mind while you ride the digital pony." I replied.
"If old Jimmy passes out on me tonight I might just be calling you." Fran suggested as a backup to her plans for the night.
I grinned knowing that most likely wouldn't be happening. I was about to head back to my desk but Fran grabbed my wrist. "I do want to model my sexy new red bra and panties for you sometime very soon Allen." She said confirming the obvious.
"I'm looking forward to it." I answered before I started down the walkway toward my cubical.
Fran's sexy appearance and even sexier actions while we talked kept me fantasizing about her while I worked the rest of the day. I imagined watching her, Kay and Ginger enjoying a lesbian sex session while I stroked my hard cock. I imagined each one of them taking turns teasing me visually with their bodies while the other two pleasured each other and of course I thought about having all three kneeling before me taking turns licking and sucking my hard cock. I thought. "Leave it to Fran to provide me with those ideas as I completed what paperwork I needed to finish before the end of the day."
About 4:30 PM Fran stopped by my desk and said. "Have a great weekend."
"Happy anniversary." I answered.
"Let's hope so." Fran answered as she turned to leave a little early.
I wrapped things up and cut out ten minutes early myself. I'm not sure why since I had nowhere to go and no one to spend my Friday evening with.
As I drove past Brewster's Pub I wondered if Kay and Ginger were already there for happy hour, and resisted the urge to stop in for a drink. Instead I stopped and got Chinese takeout and headed home.
As I enjoyed my beef lo main and wonton soup I contemplated the events of the last five days and where I hoped those events would lead me. Ginger stimulated me, her open sexual attitude, her desire to look the part and her awesome body all adding to the anticipation and excitement of fucking her again. Kay's interest in bringing another woman into our sex lives and her admission that she has been with other men since we started seeing each other intrigued me. I couldn't wait to see how her attitude toward me may change in the coming weeks and months. Francine, well what can I say about Fran, she's just a fun fuck. A once in a while roll in the hay so to speak that has the added benefit of Fran loving to be with other women. I saw myself fucking all three at once someday if I played my cards right. Most guys would be happy to have three sexy women to fuck, but my new found sexual freedom since my divorce has me wanting to savor as many women as I can. Mindy, Ginger's twenty something daughter has a tight little body. Her petite form screams fuck me as she bounces from customer to customer at Brewster's Pub. I could only imagine how good it would feel if she were bouncing up and down on my hard cock.
While I hadn't seen them recently, the lovely Staci and her buxom roommate Gina certainly might enter into the equation of my sex life. I remembered that I'd promised to call Staci the last time we spoke.
After finishing my dinner, I grabbed the rest of my beer, my cell phone and went out on the balcony for a cigarette. I called Staci keeping my promise. Her cell phone rang several times before going to voice mail and her greeting. "Hi this is Staci. Sorry I can't take your call right now but if you'll leave your name and number I'll be sure to call you back as soon as I can." After hearing the sound of the record tone, I left a message. "Hey Staci, this is Allen Goodman from 1215. I know I promised to call you and I apologize for not doing so sooner. I've been thinking about you and the wonderful evening we shared after my fireplace got repaired. I really enjoyed your company and hope we can get together again soon. Give me a call when you get this message." As I finished my cigarette, I made a mental comparison of Staci and Mindy. They were perhaps five or six years apart, and while very similar in form both being petite, blonde, with small tits and long legs, they're miles apart in lifestyle. Mindy is still in her cute little high school girl stage, her bubbly personality, adolescent wardrobe, and outwardly flirtatious attitude contrasted sharply with Staci's more mature personality, polished conservative attire and her uncanny ability to flirt without seeming to do so, made them both desirable in different ways.
Kay's apartment across the street was dark, I assumed she and Ginger were still celebrating their new friendship at Brewster's Pub and wondered how I fit into their conversation. The night air had a distinct chill of winter and I didn't linger any longer then I had to on the balcony.
I decided to kick back and watched several reruns of Two and a Half Men, one of my favorite shows. I was flipping through the cable guide right after 8:30 looking for something that wasn't a repeat when my cell phone rang, Kay was calling.
"Hiya Kay." I said answering her call.
"Allen, are you alone?" Kay asked.
"As a matter of fact I am. I'm just chillin at my place, why do you ask?" I answered.
"Good, I'm following Ginger back to her place." Kay said.
"You are? Can I assume you and Ginger hit it off well?" I asked.
Kay giggled a little and then answered. "Yes, you could say that."
"Well tell me more." I prodded her.
"No time for that now Allen. I just wanted to check with you to see if you have a computer?" She asked.
I wondered where this phone call was leading and replied. "I have a laptop that I use occasionally for work."
"Oh good, I don't know how all this stuff works but Ginger told me we could go to her place and connect with you through some webcam thingy." Kay explained.
"I see." I answered expecting more information from Kay.
"Ginger says she can email you a link or something so we can chat together." Kay continued.
"Okay, that sounds like it could be fun." I said having a good idea of the kind of activities that are shared across the web.
"Anyway, Ginger said we'd call you when we get there and get your email address." Kay said and then added. "I just wanted to make sure you have a computer."
"I'll dig it out of the closet and plug in the charger." I said knowing I hadn't used it in a while and the battery would most likely be low.
"Okay good I guess we'll be calling you in a little while." Kay said before she disconnected the call.
As I fumbled around inside the closet for my laptop I thanked the sexual gods for keeping Fran busy tonight. This webcam thingy as Kay put it could develop into something very interesting for a voyeur like me and two exhibitionists like Kay and Ginger.
The laptop started up like it was used regularly with the exception that the battery was low and I had to grab an extension cord so I could plug it into the wall and have the laptop sitting on the coffee table in front of me. I recalled from my quick browse of the user manual that there is a webcam built into the top above the monitor. I sat down on the couch and watched an episode of some silly cable sit-com I'd never seen before while I waited for their call.
Forty five minutes later Ginger called. "Hey sexy." I answered.
Her giggle acknowledged that she appreciated my greeting. "Hi, did you get your laptop set up?" She asked her voice sounded slightly slurred.
"Yes I did." I replied.
"Great, now give me your email address and I'll send you a link inviting you to join our web cam." Ginger explained.
"Okay it's single again 0 8 6 4 at Gmail dot com." I replied slowly so Ginger could type it on her computer.
"It'll take a minute or two for the email to come to you." Ginger said.
"Are you two drunk?" I asked hearing Kay giggle in the background.
"We're pleasantly intoxicated." Ginger remarked.
I smiled, knowing that when she drinks Kay's limited inhibitions almost completely disappear and I assumed if Ginger had any they did as well.
A minute or two later an email notification popped up on my screen. I clicked on the link to open my inbox. At the top was an email from camster.com with the subject line. "An invite to view." I opened the mail which read. "Still Sexy has invited you to join a webcam show. Click the link below to watch."
"Okay I got the email Still Sexy and I'm clicking the link." I said, but Ginger didn't reply, in fact the call seemed to be disconnected.
It took only a few seconds for my laptop to connect and a screen opened. I recognized the setting as Ginger's bedroom. In the upper right corner there was a radio button that said, activate your cam. I clicked on the button and a tiny screen, which showed me leaning forward at my laptop, opened over the larger one. "I think we're connected." I said.
As I sat back waiting for something to happen I realized that my laptop was too close to me, the top of my head was cut off. As I stood up to slide the coffee table further away from the couch, I remembered that I have an audio visual cable that allows me to connect my big screen television to the laptop so I could watch on my TV.
"Give me a second." I told them as I pulled the wires from my computer case and connected the big screen to the laptop. It worked perfectly, I now had a fifty inch view of Still Sexy's cam show and with the coffee table moved back they would be able to see all of me.
While I recognized the setting as Ginger's bedroom, they had apparently moved a big overstuffed chair to the bottom of her bed and had it angled in. My anticipation built as I waited for the girls to appear on screen.
"Show time! Let me introduce Curvaceous Kay." I heard Ginger announce from off screen.
I stared intently at the screen, knowing I would enjoy what was about to happen immensely.
Kay appeared first, walking from behind the camera and toward the bed and overstuffed chair. She was wearing a sexy pair of white lace panties, a bra, and white thigh high stockings and heels. She walked slowly, moving her hips sensually from side to side. Her long red hair was pulled tight against her scalp, gathered into a wavy ponytail behind her head. I couldn't wait for her to turn around so I could see how sexy she looked from the front. Her seductive stroll across the room ended when she reached the chair, where she paused for a moment cocking her sexy hips from side to side.
Kay pirouetted on the balls of her feet to face the camera, a broad smile on her lips. Her hands rested gently on her hips then slowly moved up over her stomach to cup both big tits being held firmly by her bra. She stared seductively into the camera as she lifted one tit then the other from the tight confines of her lace bra, stretching the fabric down under her big tits. Her fingers slipped up to twist her already erect nipples pulling them forward and stretching her soft mounds of pleasure. She released her nipples and her tits bounced back to their perfect form.
"Wow!" I exclaimed knowing how much Kay was enjoying having me watch her like this.
Kay sat down on the chair and crossed her legs letting her delicate fingers tipped with pink nails drape over the arm rests. Her eyes moved from the camera and up. I knew she was looking toward Ginger who waited to make her appearance. Kay smiled and looked toward the lens again and announced. "Please welcome my co-star, Still Sexy."
Ginger and Kay clearly had choreographed at least the beginning of their little cam show because like Kay, Ginger appeared from behind the camera. Her sultry body looked incredible; she was wearing a black version of what Kay appeared in. She paused for a moment giving me time to fully appreciate the image of her sleek legs and incredible ass before turning to face the camera.
"Oh fuck!" I exclaimed as she turned, her bra featured open cups revealing her shapely tits and completely erect nipples.
The smile on her lips confirmed that she'd heard my exclamation as she slowly ran her hands up to tweak her nipples rather roughly.
"Wouldn't you love to be here right now Allen?" Kay asked.
I replied instantly. "I would, but I'm certain I will enjoy this immensely from here too."
Ginger extended her hand toward Kay, who placed hers on top, then assisted Kay to a standing position. Facing each other Ginger's delicate fingers slid up Kay's soft body to cup her big tits.
"She has such lovely tits." Ginger remarked as her hands explored every inch of Kay's tits.
Kay leaned forward pressing Ginger's hands firmly against her chest. She then offered the tip of her tongue to Ginger, who circled it with her own tongue before gently sucking it between her bright red lips. Their kiss was gentle and tender as they moved lips over tongues, biting lightly and sucking gently at each other's mouths.
Ginger turned her head toward the camera and said. "Imagine your big hard cock sliding between our mouths."
I was imagining just that and my cock hardened as I stared intently at the screen watching their sensuous foreplay.
Kay's hands were resting on Ginger's hips as they kissed then moved behind to squeeze Ginger's ass. "Doesn't she have an incredible ass?" Kay asked breaking the kiss long enough to speak.
"She does and my cock is getting hard just thinking about fucking that tight little asshole." I answered.
Together they looked toward the camera and in unison said. "Show us your big hard cock."
I quickly undid my belt and the button that held my slacks tight around my waist and then pushed both my pants and underwear down my legs. As I leaned back into the sofa my cock rose up from my loins erect and throbbing.
Ginger was first to remark. "What a big hard cock." Kay quickly followed saying. "It's a perfect cock for fucking and sucking."
The girls watched for a moment longer as I wrapped my hand around the base and waved the erect cock at them, bringing broad smiles to both faces.
Kay's hands slid up into Ginger's hair and guided her mouth to one erect nipple. Ginger instantly flicked her tongue at the hard nub causing Kay to moan sinfully. Her hands moved from Ginger's head to her own tits as she lifted them so Ginger could lick, suck and nibble at the hard nipples.
"She loves having her nipples pleasured." Ginger remarked, a fact I was well aware of.
As she continued I suggested. "She loves when I get rough with her nipples."
Kay smiled as Ginger exposed her pearly white teeth and bit on one hard nipple, then exclaimed "YES!"
Ginger's teeth bit at both nipples and then at the surrounding sensitive flesh. Kay's moans confirmed that she loved it. She began kissing, licking and biting down over Kay's sumptuous body clawing at her flesh with red nails until she was crouched before her.
"She's going to lick my pussy." Kay remarked as Ginger slowly peeled Kay's panties down her long shapely legs.
Kay stepped out of the gathered fabric then lifted her leg closest to the camera and placed her white stiletto on the arm of the chair. As she pressed her leg further open, Ginger leaned forward and kissed the creamy white flesh of Kay's thigh just above the hem of her stocking, both hands sliding along the sexy leg she was kissing.
"Her skin is so soft." Ginger remarked as her red lips traveled toward Kay's glistening pussy. As her mouth moved closer she lifted one hand and slipped a finger inside Kay's pussy.
Kay moaned softly as Ginger spoke. "It's very wet."
"Lick her clit." I suggested.
Ginger followed my instruction and flicked the tip of her tongue against the hood that covered Kay's clit. Kay's hands instantly moved to press the hood away with her pink nails exposing the erect clit so Ginger could lick and suck it. As she licked it, she slipped another finger between the lips of Kay's pussy. I could see Kay press her loins down trying to drive Ginger's fingers deeper.
"Oh god, I love how she eats my pussy." Kay said as Ginger began licking, sucking and biting at the wet flesh of her pussy.
Kay's moans continued as she began moving her hips back and forth while Ginger pleasured her with her mouth. Ginger looked toward the camera, her lips glistening with Kay's moisture and said. "Her pussy tastes so sweet."
"I want to taste your pussy." Kay pleaded as Ginger returned her mouth to the wet slit spread open before her.
Ginger glanced up and smiled, then slowly stood as Kay dropped her foot to the floor.
They kissed momentarily sharing the sweet juice smeared on Ginger's lips, then moved apart.
Turning to face the camera Ginger asked. "Are you stroking that big beautiful cock?"
I had long before begun stroking my cock and showed them the pulsing erection as my hand moved up and down the shaft slowly.
"I can't wait to touch his cock again." Ginger said as she glanced toward Kay.
Kay grinned and then remarked. "He loves when you scratch lightly at his balls and along the shaft."
Kay moved in front of Ginger then around to the side of the bed. I watched intently as she laid down with her head toward the camera, her hands pulling the wavy ponytail from under her head so it dangled over the edge. "Bring me that sweet pussy." Kay said.
Ginger moved toward the bed, bent over at the waist and slowly slid her panties down her shapely legs carefully stepping out of her sexy underwear. Still bent over at the waist, she slid her red tipped fingers over her naked ass and spread herself open for me to see. "I know you can't wait to fuck this tight puckered asshole Allen." Ginger remarked as one finger circled the rim of her sphincter.
After straightening up, Ginger crawled up over Kay spreading her legs on either side of Kay's head her sexy black stilettos extending into the air toward the camera.
The image before me was absolutely incredible. Kay's lovely face looked up at Ginger's naked loins, her pussy already moist in anticipation of Kay's first touch. Kay's hands moved to Ginger's legs and then slid up to softly caress the inside of her thighs.
"I can't wait to taste her sweet pussy." Kay said as her fingers slid on either side of Ginger's wet pussy lips.
Ginger's head dropped toward Kay's loins as Kay lifted her head from the bed while her pink fingernails spread Ginger open.
"Her pussy is so wet and tastes so good." I heard Ginger say from between Kay's shapely thighs.
"Eat her hot pussy." I exclaimed while watching Kay's tongue extend toward Ginger's pink wet pussy.
I slowly stroked my hard cock as Kay began licking between the lips of Ginger's pussy.
A loud moan escaped Ginger's throat, muffled by the contact of her lips and Kay's pussy, but my concentration was directed to the awesome sight of Kay pleasuring her new friend. Her tongue moved expertly licking each lip, the erect clit that extended beyond the hood of flesh surrounding it and into the depths of Ginger's loins.
As Kay slipped a finger inside Ginger's wet slit, she moved her mouth away to tell me. "Her pussy tastes incredible."
Ginger moaned again as Kay's finger probed deeper inside.
"It's very tight." Kay said before returning her mouth to Ginger's quivering loins and sucked the swollen flesh between her lips. Her finger dripping with moisture withdrew and then moved up to smear pussy juice around the puckered flesh surrounding Ginger's ass.
Ginger lifted her head slightly from Kay's groin and pleaded. "Yes, finger fuck my tight asshole."
Kay's mouth devoured the wet pussy before her as her finger probed the tight opening to Ginger's ass.
"Deeper!" Ginger demanded.
Kay's middle finger disappeared inside the puckered flesh of Ginger's ass as her thumb massaged the tiny patch of flesh separating Ginger's pussy from her anus.
"Finger fuck her tight ass." I said.
Ginger's louder groans confirmed that she loves having her pussy licked and her ass fucked at the same time. I could hardly wait until I'd be kneeling between those sexy legs and fucking that tight ass as Kay licked and sucked her dripping wet pussy. Her hips began moving back and forth pressing Kay's finger deeper inside and her pussy tighter against Kay's mouth.
With Ginger's lustful moans resounding across the web I urged Kay on. "Make her cum Kay."
Kay's finger probed deeper and she slipped her thumb inside Ginger's wet slit as Ginger ground her loins against Kay's mouth.
"Tongue fuck her hot MILF cunt!" I exclaimed.
Ginger's hip began gyrating faster as Kay lapped at her wet slit faster and faster. She lifted her head from Kay's loins and tilted it back as far as possible and then screamed. "Oh god, yes I'm cumming!" Her body convulsed as waves of ecstasy coursed through her, soulful moans of pleasure escaping her lips as Kay continued lapping and probing deep inside Ginger's quivering pussy with her tongue and her ass with one finger. Ginger dropped her head between Kay's thighs to return the pleasure, her orgasmic moans now muffled by Kay's pussy. Slowly those moans subsided and Kay dropped her head from Ginger's pussy. During her climax Ginger's body had moved Kay back and her head now dangled over the edge of the bed. Her lips and cheeks covered with Ginger's orgasmic flow.
"If I was there my cock would be in your mouth Kay." I told them.
Kay opened her eyes and smiled then said. "I'd love having you throat fuck me as she licks my hot cunt." Her eyes closed but her mouth remained open, an inviting vision from my vantage point as she concentrated on the pleasure Ginger was providing.
"I'm gonna turn around." Ginger said as she lifted her mouth from Kay's pussy.
I watched intently as Ginger slowly crawled toward the headboard, her legs and hips moving with accentuated motions. Kay's hands moved to the center of her tits and with pink nails she began pinching the erect nubs as Ginger turned and knelt between her legs. "Her pussy looks so beautiful." Ginger said as she looked beyond Kay's sumptuous body toward the camera lens. Kay spread her legs wider while she continued pinching her nipples.
"It's very swollen." I remarked knowing how Kay's pussy lips swell when she is completely aroused.
Ginger smiled and then said. "You know her body well Allen. I want you to become that familiar with mine."
"Tell me what it looks like." I said.
Ginger described the view in front of her. "Her swollen lips are open, I can see the moist, pink flesh inside and her clit is hard and extended above the hood."
"Touch it lightly." I suggested.
Ginger's hand moved between Kay's thighs as she looked down. A soft moan escaped Kay's throat as her lover touched her again.
"Her clit twitches when I touch it lightly." Ginger remarked.
"She wants you to put a finger inside." I said knowing Kay couldn't wait much longer for Ginger's oral pleasures to begin again.
Kay's eyes opened as Ginger's finger slipped inside. "I can feel her pussy grasp at my finger." Ginger remarked.
"Yes, just like it grabs my cock when I'm fucking her." I replied causing Kay to smile widely. It was clear both women wanted me to act as director a role I happily accepted. "Rub her clit with your thumb as you finger her deeper." I said.
Kay moaned. "She likes that Allen." Ginger remarked.
"Give her another finger." I suggested.
Ginger smiled as she inserted a second digit inside Kay's pussy.
Kay moaned again. "That too." Ginger remarked.
"Now finger fuck her hot wet pussy." I said.
Ginger bent at the waist and her knees slid back as she reclined between Kay's wide open thighs.
"Yes, just like that." Kay exclaimed as Ginger's hand started moving more between her legs.
"She's so wet." Ginger said.
I wanted Kay to climax and told Ginger how to make her cum quickly. "Now take her clit between your lips and suck it hard as you finger fuck her harder."
As she dropped her mouth toward Kay's loins Ginger remarked. "I love the aroma of her soaking wet cunt!" Ginger pressed her mouth tight against Kay's loins taking her clit between her lips. Kay moved her hands down from her tits and laced her sexy pink tipped fingers into Ginger's dark brunette hair pulling it tight at the sides.
The view I enjoyed of this awesome oral spectacle playing out on my big screen included Kay's lovely head draped over the edge of the bed, her wavy red ponytail dangling toward the floor. Between Kay's big tits I could see Ginger's eyes as she sucked at Kay's pussy. Kay's legs were spread wide open, the white stockings contrasting sharply with Ginger's black stockings which rose straight up to where she had her ankles crossed, her sexy stilettos resting against the headboard.
Kay's head began rocking side to side as Ginger skillfully brought her closer and closer to orgasm with her fingers and mouth. I could see Kay's hands pulling Ginger's mouth tighter against her pussy as she began arching her hips to force Ginger's fingers deeper inside. "She's getting close." I remarked knowing Kay's signs of an approaching climax. All the familiar signs were there, Kay's breathing started coming his short gasps, her head moved quicker from side to side and she held her hips off the bed longer as Ginger sucked her sensitive clit and fingered her wet swollen pussy faster.
"Oh fuck!" Kay exclaimed when the first sensation of orgasm spread through her body.
Ginger needed no more direction she clearly was well versed in taking a woman to the edge of pleasure and beyond. I just sat back and slowly stroked my hard cock as Kay rode her new lover's incredible mouth and fingers through an incredible orgasm.
"YES!" Kay exclaimed as her body surrendered to the full force of her climax.
Ginger reached up with her free hand and squeezed hard on one of Kay's tits, her mouth clamped tightly against the quivering pussy that flooded with Kay's juices.
Ginger withdrew her fingers and moved her hand from Kay's tit. Using both hands she pressed upwards behind Kay's knees lifting her hips and turning her pussy upward so she could lick and lap at the flood of juices inside. Kay's fingers slipped from Ginger's head and moved to her sides where she gathered fists full of the bedding.
"Drink her juice!" I exclaimed watching Ginger's mouth clamp down on Kay's quivering pussy.
The room filled with Kay's lustful moans and the slurping sounds as Ginger drank from Kay's cup of pleasure.
"Oh my God!" Kay exclaimed as her orgasm was extended by Ginger's continued lapping at the swollen lips and quivering clit that lay open before her. Ginger drank from Kay's pussy until her climax subsided.
"That was fucking awesome." I exclaimed somewhat surprised at Ginger's talent for pleasuring a woman so completely.
Ginger lifted her mouth from Kay's pussy and smiled. Her face completely coated with Kay's juice.
"You have no idea." Kay remarked as she lifted her head up to look toward her new found lesbian lover.
Ginger dipped two fingers inside then licked them clean as they both basked in the glow of an incredible experience.
Ginger was first to move, sliding to the side and sitting on the edge of the bed. She stood up and then helped Kay off the bed. Once standing, Kay instantly pulled Ginger against her body, her mouth moving to Ginger's. Their brief kiss quickly turned into an oral cleansing as they took turns licking and sucking every drop of moisture from each other's lips and face.
"You two are fucking incredible!" I proclaimed as they moved around the corner of the bed.
Ginger sat down in the chair and Kay sat beside her on the wide arm rest. Ginger's arm circled Kay's waist as she crossed her legs sticking a sexy black stiletto toward the camera.
"So how's that big hard cock doing?" Ginger asked.
I waved my erection for them before I said. "It needs some of that wet pussy."
"Maybe we can help." Kay replied with a devilish grin on her lips.
I assumed they were going to direct me in how to pleasure myself since my cock and those two wet pussies were miles apart.
Ginger was first to offer a suggestion. "Stroke it very slowly, let your hand linger on the head." To which Kay added. "Pay special attention to the corona, I know how sensitive it is."
I followed their instructions slowly moving my hand along the hard shaft, then up and down a few times over the head before stroking down until my fingers pressed into the base.
"Look how hard he is." Ginger remarked and as she spoke she glanced to her left.
"Mom really?" An unfamiliar voice said from off camera.
Ginger looked somewhat embarrassed as Mindy stepped into view from the right. I thought about covering myself but had nothing to use.
Mindy was wearing a super short denim skirt and a cut off white tee shirt that exposed her bare midriff. A diamond stud sparkled in the middle of her naked belly. Her red high heels were accented by ankle high white socks with lace fringes. Her long blonde hair was tightly pulled to either side in pigtails giving her a sexy schoolgirl appearance.
I waved my cock for all three women to see. Mindy smiled and pointed a French manicured finger at the screen and said. "He's got a really great looking cock."
Ginger's expression grew into a major frown and then asked her daughter. "What the hell are you doing home this early in the first place?"
Mindy kept staring at the screen checking out my great looking cock, as she called it, while she replied to her mother. "Trisha and I went out for dinner, we decided to go over to Rasputin's to do some dancing and I came home to change my clothes. We're supposed to meet Melinda at Rasputin's around 11:00 PM.
Kay turned her head toward Ginger's daughter, but before she could speak, Ginger leaned forward and said. "Mindy, give us some privacy." The tone of her voice was almost scolding her daughter for intruding on our webcam show.
I kept my eyes fixed on the youthful Mindy, studying her pert little tits and how quickly her nipples hardened as she stared at my cock. The light cotton fabric of her tee shirt did little to hide the outline of her hard nipples.
Mindy didn't turn toward her mother, instead keeping her eyes glued to the screen as she replied. "If you wanted privacy you should close your door mom."
As they talked I surveyed her legs, trim, fit and very shapely, all but the very top exposed below the shortest skirt I think I've ever seen.
"Well, have a good time." Ginger said rather sarcastically.
"Okay, okay I'll leave." Mindy finally said but quickly added. "I'd really rather stay and watch him shoot his big thick load."
Kay giggled, but Ginger shot back. "Get outta here Mindy."
Before she walked off camera she glanced one last time at the screen, I assumed so she could remember the size and shape of my cock as I continued waving it for her.
A resounding thud was heard as Mindy left the room and closed the door.
"I'm sorry about that." Ginger said.
I didn't reply since I was completely engrossed in a quick fantasy of having Mindy wearing her little innocent schoolgirl outfit bouncing up and down on my hard cock.
Kay however did chime in. "No problem darlin, I'm sure that's not the first big hard cock she's ever seen."
Ginger giggled and then remarked. "Sometimes she can be such a pain in the ass."
Having stored the mental image of Mindy's tight fuckable body in the recesses of my mind, I returned my attention to the two sexy women seated before me.
Ginger seem to still be somewhat distracted by Mindy's intrusion of her private life, and I believe Kay sensed it also because she twisted on the arm of the chair and leaned down to passionately kiss Ginger on the mouth, her hand sliding across to gently cup and squeeze Ginger's breast. She moved her lips to Ginger's ear and whispered something not meant for me to hear.
Ginger smiled and turned her head to kiss Kay again. She then returned her attention to the screen and said. "Come on stud. Start stroking your hard cock again. We want to see you shoot your load of cum."
As I began stroking my erection Kay offered a suggestion. "Think about fucking us Allen, imagine your hard cock sliding in an out of every possible hole we can offer, imagine us both kneeling before you offering our sexy faces for you to slap that big fucking cock against."
I kept my eyes glued to the screen watching them as they watched my fist slid up and down the length of my pulsing cock.
Ginger reached over and lifted one of Kay's big tits, her sexy smile and the sparkle in her emerald green eyes had returned and I listened closely as she suggested more for my imagination. "Think about fucking Kay's big beautiful tits, your big hard cock sliding through her cleavage and her tongue teasing your cock head when it appears; about fucking my chest, the soft smooth flesh pleasuring your cock; and about Kay deep throating your throbbing cock while I lick and suck your balls from below."
Kay took over. "Think about the first time Ginger presses your fully erect cock through the tight opening to her throat, swallowing the head and tickling it with her throat muscles."
Their verbal seduction had me on the very edge. Having these two incredibly sexy women directing my thoughts about how they could pleasure me made the cum in my balls begin to boil. My hand moved faster up and down my pulsing cock as I exclaimed. "I'm right there!"
Ginger slipped off the chair and began crawling toward the camera, Kay followed her lead and got down on all fours with her big tits swaying side to side as she crawled along side.
Their faces nearly filled my screen as they both stared intently at me. Ginger spoke first. "Think about fucking my tight puckered asshole with that big hard cock while Kay eats my pussy from below." To which Kay added. "Think about cumming inside her ass as she explodes and squirts fuck juice into my mouth."
"Ooh I like that thought. After you've filled my asshole with your thick creamy cum Kay can suck it from me and share the sweet taste with me. We'll both lick your big cock clean and make it hard again, ready for more fun." Ginger exclaimed.
My loins tensed and went totally numb as this and all the other mental images they had described raced through my mind nearly as fast as my boiling cum raced to the tip of my cock.
"Cum for us Allen!" They said in unison as the thin pre-cum oozed from my cock.
My hand smeared the thin fluid over my cock head giving it a sexy sheen as I howled. "I'm cumming!" An enormous wad of thick cum shot from my cock sailing high above the head and landing on my shirt. Their eyes watched in amazement as a second equally big wad spewed forth this one splashing back down on the head of my raging cock. It was almost as if I were climaxing in slow motion as I stroked my cock, each time my fist moved down it shot another wad of thick creamy cum from the tiny slit at the head.
Kay smiled widely having experienced the kind of cum load a full day without sex produces in me, but Ginger's wide eyed stare confirmed she had never seen so much cum shoot from one cock.
As my fist slowed and the last of my load oozed from the tip, Kay described one final image for me. "Think about shooting that much cum deep inside Ginger's tight ass, then moving back to watch it trickle from her gaping ass and dribble down over her soaking wet pussy onto my tongue and lips."
"I can't wait." I finally replied as I began to regain control of my senses.
Kay was first to begin crawling backwards away from the camera. Ginger followed but before she rose off the floor Kay got up and sat in the overstuffed chair crossing her long sexy legs seductively. When Ginger finally got up, she moved to the side of the bed and reclined across the bottom propping her head up on one hand.
I was a sticky mess, my fist coated with thick cum, my shirt stained from the first blast my cock shot forth, my pubic hair matted with cum.
"You two are fuckin amazing." I proclaimed.
They both smiled widely at me knowing I had enjoyed their web cam show immensely. Ginger reached out and touched Kay's arm and then asked. "So when should we have him over to let him realize all those mental images?"
Kay turned her head toward Ginger replying. "How about once we get bored pleasing each other. There's a big thick black dildo in your closet that's got my pussy's name on it." Kay giggled devilishly as she finished.
Ginger looked toward the camera and said. "You could be waiting a very long time to fuck my ass and pump it full of hot cum. There's a strap-on I just love being fucked with in there too."
"I don't think so! I'm certain you'll both be craving my hard cock very soon." I instantly replied wondering what other sex toys Ginger had in her play closet.
We all knew they were teasing me, but the question remained and I answered it quickly. "I have no plans for tomorrow."
Ginger grinned and then returned her eyes to Kay before speaking. "I think Allen is calling our bluff, he knows how much I want that big hard cock of his buried in my ass, and how much you want to watch him ass fuck me."
Kay looked toward the camera and then said. "I have to work tomorrow but I'm all in for Sunday."
Ginger pulled her legs up and then twisted to sit on the edge of the bed. "Allen it looks like your dreams come true sooner than you thought."
She stood up and then stopped dead in her tracks as the sound of a door opening was heard. "Are you back again?" Ginger exclaimed as she looked off camera.
"I just wanted to say goodnight." Mindy's voice was heard off camera.
Ginger turned her head as Mindy appeared in the scene again. She had changed into a pair of painted on jeans and a light blue tank top. Her long silky blonde hair now pulled tightly back into a ponytail which extended to the middle of her back. Her tank top fit tight enough that her perky tits were well defined beneath the cotton fabric, and as before her nipples poked at the material.
Mindy stepped in front of the camera and stared at their screen a devilish grin came across her lips as she spoke. "I see he's unloaded those big healthy balls."
"Mindy please!" Ginger scolded her.
Mindy leaned down as if she was studying the mess covering my loins and then remarked. "Too bad you don't have some young hottie to lick you clean."
I heard Kay giggle in the background as Ginger quickly walked past her daughter, then turned to block her view of the screen. I was certain angry darts were flying from Ginger's eyes and Mindy kind of held her hands up and said. "Okay mom I'm leaving."
Ginger's sexy ass pretty much filled the screen but I caught a flash of Mindy as she walked toward the door. As the door closed again Ginger stepped forward and turned around. "She's such a tease." Ginger admitted.
I laughed loudly and replied. "The apple doesn't fall far from the tree."
Kay had stood up and moved beside Ginger. She tried to bring the conversation back to the three of us as she said. "So we're gonna tease him incessantly Sunday afternoon?"
Ginger put her arm around Kay's waist then said. "Yes we'll tease him until he's nearly insane. "Allen you should get plenty of rest because we're gonna fuck you senseless Sunday afternoon."
"I'm there!" I instantly replied then quickly added. "Aren't you going to give me a preview of what's in your closet?"
Ginger replied as she stepped toward the camera. "We want to surprise you."
Ginger leaned down and reached for the keyboard of her laptop. She smiled and winked at me before reaching for the computer. In an instant the screen went blank. I leaned forward and moved the cursor to the menu bar and saved Ginger's home page to my favorites knowing I'd be revisiting it again very soon.
The clock on my laptop read 10:59 PM. I sat back and thought about what had transpired over the course of the evening once their webcam show began. It was clear Kay enjoyed being with Ginger, but more importantly it was even clearer that Ginger had considerable talent when it came to pleasuring another woman. I couldn't wait to watch her close up as she used those talents on Kay, or any other woman. I had to assume she had learned to please a woman like that during the time since she last had a real cock buried inside her.
Kay had promised to call when she left Ginger's so I showered quickly, slipped on a pair of flannel pajama bottoms and returned to the living room to pack up my laptop. I broke a rule I'd made for myself when I moved in not to smoke inside, but the cold night air forced me to retreat from the balcony with half a cigarette left. I turned on the television to fill the time until Kay called.
About 11:40 my cell phone rang. I picked it up and glanced at the screen to confirm it was Kay calling.
"Hiya Kay." I answered her call.
"Sorry it's so late." Kay said.
"I was beginning to think you forgot your promise to call me after you left Ginger's." I said.
She apologized again. "I'm sorry baby, after Ginger disconnected the webcam she wanted to show me her other closet."
"That's okay I'm still wide awake." I replied.
She paused for a moment then tentatively asked. "Can I come by?"
"Of course you can. I'm dying to hear all the details of your girls' night out and especially about what Ginger has in her play closet." I replied.
"Great, I was hoping you'd say that. I'll be there in ten minutes." Kay answered.
"Okay see you then." I answered expecting Kay to disconnect our call.
"She's an incredible woman Allen. I can't wait to tell you everything she told me." Kay remarked before she disconnected.
As I waited I thought how ironic it was that Kay was coming by to fill me in on all the details Ginger had revealed. Earlier in the week I had so much concern that Kay would reject the idea of another woman becoming a regular part of our sex lives and now it appeared that Kay had not only accepted her but couldn't wait to tell me where we were headed. I laughed out loud and thought. "You really are one lucky bastard Goodman."
Kay's usual soft knock on my door announced her arrival. I opened the door to find her smiling ear to ear. Moving aside I said. "Come on in."
Kay was wearing a pair of tailored white slacks that rested perfectly on the tops of the white stilettos she had worn during the webcam show. Her white cardigan sweater fit snuggly over her big tits but didn't reveal any cleavage. She had brushed her wavy red hair out and it now cascaded seductively around her glowing face. Her pink lip gloss matched the pink polish that colored her nails. As she walked inside I glanced at her ass, there were no visible panty lines which lead me to believe her sexy white lace panties were stuffed inside her small purse.
"Would you like a drink?" I asked as I closed the door and turned the deadbolt.
She turned and while still wearing that sexy ear to ear smile replied. "If you have one I'd love a diet Coke."
As luck would have it there was one diet Coke left in my refrigerator. As I poured it over ice I said. "It sounds like you were pretty impressed with Ginger."
"Like I said, she's an incredible woman." Kay replied as I handed her the glass of soda.
I grabbed a beer then closed the refrigerator door as I said. "Let's go relax and you can tell me why."
I followed Kay into the living room again checking out how great her ass looked in the slacks she wore. She settled into on one end of the couch and I sat down at the other turning sideways and bending one knee across the seat. Kay crossed her legs as she always does holding her diet Coke in her right hand.
"So?" I questioned her with one word.
"Well I arrived at Brewster's Pub before Ginger. I grabbed a bar stool at one end of the bar to wait for her. I asked the bartender if Mindy was working tonight. He told me she had just gotten off but hadn't left yet." Kay began.
I just smiled and let Kay continue. "I told him I was meeting her mother for drinks and that she wanted to introduce me to Mindy."
"So did you meet Mindy?" I asked.
Kay smiled and then continued. "Yes eventually, but I was taken aback by what the bartender said about Ginger."
"What was that?" I asked.
"He said he knew Ginger and that when she arrived he'd point me out to the snooty bitch." Kay said.
I laughed knowing the reason. "I'd bet he's tried to put the moves on Ginger and like all the men at Brewster's she shot him down in flames."
"Well that explains his negative comment, but it made me a little hesitant about meeting her." Kay explained.
"As I waited I started feeling a little uncomfortable because I realized that I was most likely the only person in the place over the age of thirty." Kay remarked.
"Yes it is a hangout for the college scene." I answered.
Kay smiled and continued. "It must be, one guy wearing a dirty tee shirt, torn jeans and a scruffy beard actually approached me and asked if I was interesting in a quick fuck in the parking lot."
I laughed loudly and then asked. "Did you take him up on the offer?"
Kay rolled her eyes and answered. "Really Allen."
I laughed again knowing that a guy like that wouldn't have a snowballs chance in hell of fucking her.
"Anyway, after I blew him off..." I interrupted her and teased. "So you sucked his cock in the parking lot?"
Kay grinned, reached out, grabbed my wrist and then said. "Allen please shut up and let me finish."
"Sorry hun, please continue." I said figuring Kay really didn't want to be teased anymore.
Kay skipped ahead. "Anyway Ginger arrived and spotted me as she walked along the bar. I assumed I stuck out like a sore thumb in the crowd of kids, so the bartender didn't need to point me out."
"That makes sense." I commented having already seen the crowd at Brewster's first hand.
"So what was your first impression of Ginger?" I asked before Kay could continue.
"She looked spectacular. She was wearing a milk chocolate colored dress that reached below her knees. What impressed me most about her dress was the very wide belt that circled her waist. It accentuated her hips and actually made her breasts appear larger than they are." Kay explained.
I just smiled knowing Kay had more to tell.
"Her brilliant smile and those incredible green eyes caught my attention. As she approached she extended her hand and said. "You have to be Kay." Her handshake was firm, almost manly, which made me feel instantly comfortable." Kay continued.
"Ginger ordered a drink and asked the bartender if Mindy was still around. He said she was and he'd let her know that her mom was here." Kay said.
"Did you two talk about me?" I asked.
Kay jumped at the chance to turn the tables on me and replied. "Your name never came up."
"Really?" I responded.
"Of course we talked about you Allen. Ginger thanked me for not going ballistic when you told me that she seduced you Wednesday night. She also told me that you gave her the best fuck she's had in years." Kay explained.
I decided that this was a good time for me to tell Kay that Ginger and I had lunch yesterday.
"Did Ginger tell you we had lunch yesterday?" I asked.
"No, she didn't mention it." Kay replied, her expression changing a little with my admission that I'd seen Ginger a second time before telling Kay about her.
"I suppose Ginger thought it best if I told you about us having lunch." I answered.
"Okay, so tell me." Kay said.
I knew that I'd promised to be honest with Kay about Ginger and I decided to keep that promise.
I began. "After we fucked Wednesday night I realized that I knew little or nothing about her, so I called her Thursday and asked if we could have lunch so we could get better acquainted."
Kay smiled, relieving the tension some and said. "From what she told me about Wednesday night, I'll assume she jumped at the chance to have lunch."
"She did agree to meet for lunch and we went to a little Italian place she knows. All during lunch Ginger was flirting and teasing me about how much she wanted me to fuck her again and how much she wanted to suck my cock." I explained.
"She is quite flirtatious." Kay interjected.
"That's putting it mildly. Along with telling me how much she wanted me again, she was constantly sliding her foot along my leg. She wound up masturbating right there at the table, which made me very hot. I jokingly suggested that she could suck my cock in the ladies room." I said.
Kay smiled widely. "Did she actually give you a blowjob in the ladies room?"
"Yes, and after she swallowed my cum she said it was the sweetest dessert she could have asked for." I explained.
"I'm not surprised Allen. Ginger told me tonight that having sex in a public place excites her very much." Kay said.
I felt relieved that Kay wasn't upset about Ginger sucking my cock yesterday, and that I didn't tell her about it last night when I admitted to letting her seduce me on Wednesday night, but now that she had met Ginger and had sex with her I had to assume she understood how hard it was for me to resist Ginger's advances.
"So what else did Ginger tell you about?" I asked wanting Kay to continue with her story.
"Well we discussed our dead husbands, and surprisingly how much alike they both were. Ginger said her husband loved fucking her and almost always satisfied her needs, but he was totally against anything that was in the least bit kinky." Kay said, giggled a little and continued. "I told her it sounded like we were married to the same man."
"But the way each of us lost our husbands is totally different. I watched Paul's health deteriorate slowly as the cancer spread through his body, but Ginger kissed Sam goodbye one morning and he never came back. He was killed instantly when he lost control of his car and broadsided a tree." Kay explained.
"I had time to think what my life would be like after Paul died, but Ginger was thrown into her new life in one short day. She told me it was the scariest moment of her life when the police came by and told her Sam had been killed." Kay continued.
I squeezed Kay's hand to comfort her knowing she was thinking about her husband who she loved dearly. "Ginger did tell me that her husband was killed three years ago and that it took her a little over a year to recover from her loss." I said recalling my conversation with Ginger about the death of her husband.
"She told me that she became deeply depressed and eventually went for counseling, which helped her realize that she needed to get on with her life." Kay said.
"Sometimes that's what it takes." I suggested.
"I never got to ask her if she is still in counseling because Mindy stopped by before she left Brewster's." Kay continued.
"What did you think about her?" I inquired.
Kay smiled and replied. "I think Mindy is a younger version of Ginger."
"Really." I answered not wanting to appear too interested in Mindy's lifestyle.
"I didn't get a chance to talk with her much, the girlfriend she was with seemed anxious to get going." Kay explained.
"You saw how she was dressed when she interrupted our webcam show." Kay remarked her statement reinforcing her impression that Mindy was a lot like her mother.
I didn't react to Kay's observation but made a mental note that Mindy was apparently somewhat of a sexual tart herself.
"So what else did you two talk about?" I asked.
After taking a sip of her diet Coke Kay continued. "Once Mindy left, Ginger began telling me what it was like getting back into a normal life. She started touching my arm more and occasionally moving a finger to push my hair back. I have to admit it Allen, I enjoyed having her touch me like that."
"That's kind of obvious judging by the way you two touched during the webcam." I remarked.
"Getting back to her story, Ginger explained that she started dating but that the men she met all wanted a long term relationship with the ultimate goal of marriage. She told me she didn't want that because at forty eight she wanted to explore things she couldn't during her years married to Sam." Kay said.
"Did she expand on what she wanted to explore?" I inquired.
Kay smiled widely and answered. "She sure did!"
I leaned toward Kay and said. "Go on."
"She told me that she joined some kind of special sexual service that matches members with other members who share the same desires. I can't remember the name but it was Wall something." Kay explained.
"Was it Wallmeyer Associates?" I asked.
"That's it, do you know of them?" Kay replied.
"One of their reps lives in my building." I explained without expanding on it any further.
"Anyway, Ginger explained that if she wanted anal sex she'd just call Wallmeyer. She would be contacted by a woman from Wallmeyer who furnished general information and a photograph of the member that also enjoyed anal sex. If Ginger approved of the member, she would be contacted by them to arrange a mutually convenient meeting." Kay said.
"That sounds a lot like prostitution to me." I remarked.
"That's what I thought. But Ginger explained that the service charges an annual membership fee and a nominal fee when a member requests to be matched with someone who has a similar sexual interest. No money is ever exchanged. After Ginger's description, it sounds more like a sexual dating service." Kay explained.
"I see." I answered not letting on that Staci had already explained how Wallmeyer works to me.
"Ginger told me she'd been matched up with people who are into bondage, domination, bi-sexual and lesbian activities, along with men who enjoy being humiliated by their sexual partners. On top of that, she said she's had dozens of people who are into all kinds of role play scenarios which Ginger apparently really enjoys." Kay said.
"Did she explain why she said she hasn't had a real cock in over a year?" I asked.
Kay smiled, took another sip of diet Coke and then continued. "As you could tell earlier, Ginger really enjoys being with another woman. About a 15 months ago Wallmeyer matched her with a woman who didn't really enjoy being with men but loved how it felt being with a woman and getting fucked with a dildo or strap-on cock. They saw each other on a fairly regular basis for about a year and Ginger still sees her occasionally."
"So what changed and made her come on so strongly to me the other night?" I asked.
"Ginger said that she realized that she really missed the feel of a real cock surging inside her, the taste of sex with a man and his aroma, all of which she could get with a phone call to Wallmeyer. But what she missed most was the thrill of seducing a man." Kay explained before adding. "She was attracted to you because of your appearance and obvious charm so you became her first seduction in a long time."
I chuckled then commented. "It wasn't much of a seduction, she just asked me to fuck her."
"Think about it Allen, Ginger began her seduction on Tuesday night when she told you she would like some company." Kay replied.
"Good point. Did she mention about wanting to be fucked by more than one man?" I inquired.
Kay smiled again and then explained. "I actually brought that up, I told her I fantasized about having three men fuck me at the same time and Ginger said she'd love to be the object of a gang fuck."
I laughed aloud and then remarked. "Sounds like I'm gonna be searching for some more men."
Kay grinned and suggested. "Why don't you let Ginger and I handle that search."
"I'd be happy too." I replied, knowing how uncomfortable I felt trying to find the stranger Kay fucked Monday night.
Kay smiled then asked. "I would have thought you'd be all over me about the kind of things Ginger has in her closet."
"I'm very interested in hearing about her sex toys." I answered.
Kay's devilish grin confirmed she'd seen Ginger's collection. "There's hundreds of sex toys, accessories and a variety of massage oils and lubes, but what impressed me most was the collection of sexy garments and lingerie Ginger has." Kay explained.
After glancing at the clock, Kay took a final drink of her diet Coke and said. "I have to open the shop tomorrow at nine it's nearly one now. I'm gonna have to get going Allen."
"You don't want to stay the night?" I asked.
"I'd love to but I don't do well on a couple hours of sleep hun. If I stay we'd be fucking till nearly dawn and I'd be tired all day tomorrow." Kay explained.
"I understand." I answered knowing Kay was right.
As Kay stood up she said. "Beside you'll want to get plenty of rest too, Ginger and I have plans to fuck you senseless Sunday afternoon.
I walked her to the door and gathered her soft sensual body in my arms. Staring into her passionate eyes I asked one final question. "Are you okay with all this Kay?"
She kissed me softly on the mouth and then answered my question. "Absolutely, always remember that no matter where this leads I'm your woman and you're my man."
"Absolutely." I replied with one word.
I opened the door and watched her walk toward the elevator, her sexy ass moving seductively with each step. Once she turned the corner I closed the door, leaned against it and thought. "You really are one lucky bastard Goodman." I thought.
To be continued...