Through the kitchen window Jenny spied the new guy that Ace Landscaping had sent to cut the lawn. Tan, muscular, tall, shirtless, and handsome. He labored with a nearly imperceptible smile on his face, as if the sweltering day and heavy mower were no match for his good mood. Sweat glistened on his body, and Jenny sighed at the sight of him.
He came to the door and knocked. She hurried to open it, mildly flustered that she was not looking her best.
"I'm Fernando," he said. His good looks only got better close up. "Are you Mrs. Duffy?"
"Call me Jenny. "
"OK Jenny, thanks. I'm new on this route. It's a pleasure to meet you." His eyes never left hers. She stood awkwardly for a moment, mesmerized by his gaze. He broke the silence, warmly. "If you would open the garage door, I'd be grateful"
"Sure," said Jenny, smiling. Jenny's heart pounded as she shut the door. After pressing the automatic garage door opener, she considered heading up to the bedroom for a little fantasy and self-gratification, but then had a racier idea. Her husband Stan was gone for an overnight trip. Why not flirt a bit?
She sloshed together a batch of powdered lemonade in a pitcher, then filled it with ice. Then she glanced at her reflection in the hall mirror. "Old crow," she thought. At 48, she was still in pretty good shape. She turned half way around. OK, so her ass sagged a bit. Turning full face to the mirror again, she glanced down at her breasts. Tiny her whole life, they were now well on their way to losing their perennial perkiness, an asset that had compelled her to go braless for many years after it had ceased to be fashionable, and then after it had ceased to be even acceptable in her upper middle-class neighborhood.
She ran upstairs, peeled off her shorts and tee shirt, and slipped a gauzy off-white sleeveless sundress over her head. She loved this dress for its wide cut armholes and low slung neck. As she moved about or leaned over the dress gave fleeting glimpses of her breasts. She sometimes amused herself by wearing it on walks through the neighborhood in the warm summer evenings, drawing the eyes of husbands of other women during casual conversations about schools, lawn care, and soccer practice.
She gave herself the once-over in the full-length mirror. With sunlight steaming into the room from behind, she got exactly the translucence that she was hoping for. She frowned, however, seeing the outline of her conservative white cotton underwear. She rummaged around in her closet to find the black thong that Stan had gotten her for Xmas, still tagged (Fat chance, Stan.) She pulled the dress hem up to her waist and stripped off the grown-up panties, replacing them with the thong she had sworn she would never wear.
She gave one last approving look in the mirror, and scampered back downstairs.
Fernando noticed her coming out on the back deck with the pitcher and a tall glass. He grinned and stopped work, turning off his machine.
"You want some lemonade?" she asked, filling the glass while she spoke.
"Yes, thank you Jenny."
She was careful to stand in the full sunlight, and the dress had its desired effect. Fernando's gaze dropped from her eyes to her chest, and from there to the shadowy triangle of a thong, and then on down to her tan legs and bare feet.
"That, Jenny, is a good-looking dress. I know it's not my place to say this, but you look fine." She took the compliment in stride. Here was a man who appreciated her, who admired her. She was lost in infatuation.
When they had finished their lemonade, Jenny gave Fernando a broad smile. "Do you want to see the inside of the house?"
********
By the time he left, it was after two. Fernando packed up his truck then turned and winked at Jenny who was standing at the doorstep with the screen door ajar, her hair disheveled and her cheeks flushed. He got in the truck, backed out of her driveway, and drove away. Jenny closed her front door and did not see him pull into the driveway of her neighbor Tony, four houses away.
Tony answered the door and gave Fernando a once over.
"And?" he asked.
"She took the bait."
Tony asked, "Did you make the recording? "
"Of course. Piece of cake. Its right here." Fernando handed Tony a USB stick with a built-in camera. Tony handed him a folded check.
"Thanks. You can call me anytime." Fernando said, tucking the check into his shirt pocket.
*******
Tony took the device and inserted the USB connector into his computer. On the drive he found a single movie file, and opened it. The movie began to play on his computer screen. The first images were of Fernando's hand as he pressed the start button on the side of the stick, beginning the 30-minute recording. The image shifted abruptly several times, as Fernando positioned it to have a direct view of Jenny's still unmade bed. As Fernando walked away from the camera and toward the bed, Tony was surprised to see that he was already naked. Fernando sprawled on the bed. Shortly thereafter, Jenny emerged from the bathroom in a lacy negligee. She was clearly surprised to find Fernando naked.
"Oh my, you do work fast," she said, trying without success to maintain eye contact.
Fernando was well built and well endowed.
"Too fast?" He asked. "Perhaps I've misunderstood you?" He stood up from the bed, nervously.
"I think you understood me just fine," Jenny replied, making up the distance between them and putting her arms up to caress his broad shoulders. She pushed him gently backward toward the bed. "Get back on the bed, Fernando."
He slumped backward, landing on the bed with his legs dangling over the end. Instead of joining him, Jenny dropped to her knees between his legs at the foot of the bed and wrapped her arms around his thighs. She leaned her head forward an began caressing his balls and the underside of his dick with her lips and tongue. Fernando propped himself up on his elbows to take in the view, and then looked directly at the camera grinning and nodding his head in assent.
Jenny took him deep in her throat, and pumped away with abandon, moaning and grunting as she worked him. Without letting him go from her enveloping mouth, she stripped off the top of her negligee. After a minute of fierce sucking, she abruptly stopped, standing. She peeled off the skimpy bottoms of the negligee, and jumped into the bed, landing beside him with a bounce.
Then they fucked. And fucked. And fucked. Missionary style, doggy style, her on top riding him, and finally back to missionary style. Tony would never know if that was the end of it -- the USB recording limit was reached before the action ended on the bed.
When the picture went dark, Tony stared at the screen for several minutes, stunned.
This was just what he had hoped for.
-------------------
When he saw Jenny jogging up the street the following Thursday, Tony changed into his jogging suit and running shoes and headed out the door. By the time he reached the street, she was already out of sight. But he knew her route.
He intercepted her as she was finishing her run, and waved her to a stop.
"Hi Jenny, how are you doing?" Tony greeted her.
"Good Tony. What's up with you?" Jenny replied, winded.
"Not much really. Same old." Tony said. "Hey, I wanted to talk with you about something. You know that new guy they're using at Ace Landscaping? He came to do my lawn this week. I got to talking with him. Name's Fernando, I think. Anyway, you came up in the conversation, and he... well he said some indiscreet things about you. I got angry, and he said he didn't mean any offense and started to back off."
"I can't believe it!" Jenny replied, her face already red.
"Wait, Jenny let me finish," Tony interrupted. "I told him I was going to call his boss and get him fired. I started dialing my cellphone, and he pleaded with me to wait. Then he ran to his truck and got something from the glove box that I'd like to share with you."
Tony pulled a folded piece of paper from his pocket. Carefully unfolding it, he continued to talk. "It was this picture that he said was from a camera he'd hidden in your room. It shows...well it shows him riding you doggy style, Jenny. Isn't that you?"
Tony handed the 8x10 printout to Jenny. It was incontrovertible.
Jenny was stunned. She looked neither at the paper not at Tony, but to the ground. Her mind raced. How had Fernando taken this? And why? What was Tony going to do? She knew, at that moment, only one sure thing: she did not want Stan to find out. For more than a decade, up to this moment, she had always had the vague notion that she might be better off without him. But now, faced suddenly with the prospect of her marriage unraveling, she was sure she wanted him to stay! But she knew Stan. He would never stay if he found out.
Tony broke the silence. "Listen, Jenny, you don't owe me any explanation. You go ahead and diddle who you want to."
Jenny was relieved. "Tony, you're right, I don't owe you an explanation. But I'll give you one anyway. It was a spontaneous thing. Heat of the moment. And I can't believe the bastard took pictures."
She looked Tony squarely in the eyes. "Just let it go."
"Look Jenny, Stan is my friend," Tony replied. "Friends don't hide this kind of thing from one another. Either you tell him, or I will."
Jenny shook her head. "It meant nothing, Tony. How is telling him going to make things better?"
Tony nodded. "Maybe it won't. But it sure doesn't seem right to just let it go, now that I know."
Jenny softened her appeal. "I love Stan. You know that."
"You've got a funny way of showing it, Jenny," Tony replied with a bit of a sneer. Then he jogged away, leaving Jenny, bereft, holding the folded paper in her hand.
******
Just after Stan left for work on Friday, Jenny answered a knock at the back door. She was still in her robe and slippers. She went to the door and asked, "Who is it?"
"It's me," Tony answered.
Jenny opened the door. "Tony. Hi."
Tony asked, "May I come in?"
"Sure. Come on in." Jenny replied, opening the door.
Tony wasted no time getting to the point. "Look Jenny, this thing's been eating at me. But I don't want to tell Stan. Because I agree that if I tell him, things aren't going to get better before they get way, way worse. And you don't seem to have any intention of confessing your indiscretion to him. So, I came up with a plan for you to make it right."
Jenny eyed Tony suspiciously. "What do you mean, make it right?"
Tony narrowed his eyes. "I mean, Jenny, that even if Stan doesn't find out, you owe him something to make up for your infidelity."
"Like what?" Jenny asked,
"I'm working on that," Tony replied/ "But in the end, the price of my keeping mum is that you are going to do some things for him that I tell you to. And then we'll all turn the page."
Jenny raised an eyebrow. "What kind of things?" she asked.
"What kind of things?" Tony repeated. "Well, like tonight, when Stan gets home, you're going to meet him at the door naked, like you did that one time on his birthday."
"Sheesh, he told you about that?" Jenny guffawed. "Tony, we were in grad school when I did that. And it wasn't on his birthday, it was when he passed his prospectus. That was almost twenty years ago."
Tony shrugged, "Well, it sticks in his mind. What can I tell you? I want you to do it again. I want you to be naked when he gets home tonight."
"That's a little humiliating, Tony." Jenny remarked, flatly.
"I've got no problem with that, Jenny," Tony smiled. "No problem at all. In fact, that's part of what makes it suitable for my plan."
"What about the option of both of us just moving on?" Jenny asked, drolly.
Tony shook his head, "I don't think so, Jenny. You see, I love my plan. It's perfect Karma, and everybody ends up happier. So, are you in or not?"
After a pause, Jenny sighed, "If that's what it takes. But won't he wonder why I've become so suddenly provocative?"
"I don't know," Tony replied. "How did he react when you greeted him at the door in your birthday suit the last time?"
"It was pretty amazing, actually," Jenny recalled. "We fucked like rabbits. Of course, his energized libido might have been due more to his passing his prospectus than to my impromptu surprise."
"Not likely," Tony said. "I'll bet it was all you!"
Jenny considered her situation. She needed more time to come up with a plan of her own. For now, she decided to go along. "Yeah, well, I suppose I could do that."
"And if you think he might be suspicious of your new amorousness, so why don't you suggest that it was a recommendation of your therapist," Tony added.
Jenny raised an eyebrow. "Stan told me about my therapist?"
Tony nodded. "Yeah, he did."
She scowled. "You two sure gossip a lot about our personal life."
Tony shrugged.
"Is that it then?" Jenny asked, hopefully.
Shaking his head, Tony said "No, we're just getting started. And here's what's next: We're going to take some cheesecake photos and send them to Stan's phone, to get him in the mood."
"What?!" Jenny replied, her eyes widening.
"You heard me," Tony said. "I brought my camera. And we're going to take some boudoir shots of you scantily clad -- and not clad at all -- and text them to Stan."
"Whoa Tony," Jenny exclaimed. "You think I'm going to let you take nude pictures of me? That's not happening!"
"Remember, Jenny," Tony responded calmly, "I've seen the whole package on video, so there's nothing new to me under that robe."
"Fuck you!" Jenny yelled.
"OK, bye-bye. I hope you get the house in the settlement." Tony marched through the door without looking back.
When he arrived home, his answering machine was already blinking. He checked the messages, smiling. She was pliant, and contrite. "Tony let's talk. Call me."
He didn't respond. Ten minutes later the phone rang again. He let it go to voicemail. "Tony? Are you there? Tony, come on. Please, just pick up...."
A half hour later, the phone rang again. Again, he let it go. And this time, the message was the one he had been waiting for. "I'll do it, Tony, I'm ready. Just come on back over."
He picked up the phone as she was leaving the message. "Jenny, I know you think you get it, but you don't. You should be begging me to help you save your marriage."
"I am begging, Tony," Jenny replied.
"Oh really?" Tony asked "'Fuck you!' is not the kind of begging I understand, Jenny"
"I'm sorry. I was upset," Jenny apologized.
"Listen," Tony said, "You fucked up and I'm trying to find a way to justify my not telling Stan about it. I think I've come up with something that gives me that justification, but it requires you to cooperate. Do you understand?"
Jenny was contrite. "Yes, Tony. Come on over, we'll take the pictures. It's just a little weird, that's all."
"Damn right we'll take the pictures, Jenny," Tony replied, more sternly. "But first, I want to make sure you understand the dynamics of the situation. I don't want to be fighting you every step of the way to get you to comply with my plan."
"I hear you, Tony." Jenny said. "I'm ready to go along."
Tony grinned. She was right where he wanted her. "Great! So, when hang up, I want you to strip naked, blindfold yourself with a scarf, and go out and stand on your back deck. Put your hands on your head. I'll be over sometime within the hour. If you haven't followed these directions exactly, we're done talking."
Jenny recoiled, "You've got to be..."
"Quiet!" Tony interrupted. "I don't want to hear another word from you except 'Yes.' or 'No.' Plain and simple. That's what compliance means. Do it or don't do it. It's your choice but there will be no discussion. Yes, or no?"
She paused.
He hung up.
The phone rang back five minutes later. Tony answered.
"Yes," Jenny said.
Tony hung up again.
Jenny considered her situation. She needed to buy time to come up with a plan of her own. She knew that his whole mess was her own fault and she needed to clean it up. But she needed to focus first and foremost on keeping Tony from blowing up her marriage by telling Stan about her tryst with Fernando.
She dropped her robe to the floor and kicked off her slippers. Catching her nude reflection in the hall mirror, she shook her head, unable to repress a nervous laugh. "You're in for it now, Jenny," she told her reflection.
Fortunately, her house was set fifty feet further back than its neighbors; so, even in this close-packed subdivision, her back yard was not directly visible to the neighbors. And with the conservation land and densely wooded banks of the Flat Creek forming the rear border of her yard, her deck was an oasis of privacy. Confident of this, she had on more than one occasion sunbathed nude on deck, perfecting her all-over tan without ever an incident of being seen by a neighbor, at least as far as she knew.
The thought of standing on the deck, vulnerable and blindfolded made Jenny's stomach churn. She wouldn't even know if someone saw her! She tried to reassure herself that being seen by anyone (except Tony) was highly unlikely.
She peered through the glass slider, satisfied that all was quiet. She grabbed a scarf from the coat rack, slid the door open and poked her head outside. Looking both ways, she saw nothing moving except a grey squirrel that shimmied up a maple tree at the sight of her.
"OK, just do it," she prompted herself. She stepped out onto the deck. It was a bright sunny day, and the deck was fully exposed except for the two feet closest to the house, which were sheltered by an overhanging roof. Jenny saw her reflection in the slider and smiled in embarrassment. She turned around to face the yard. Tying the scarf around her head, she completed the costume and assumed the pose Tony had requested with her hands on her head, "I am so fucked," she mumbled to herself.
Tony, of course, saw all of this. After hanging up, he had hurried to grab his digital camera and tripod and raced to Jenny's backyard, setting it up and crouching for cover in the bushes just before she mustered the courage to open the slider. Now that she was in place, he rose to his knees and craned his neck to watch her. It was a thrilling sight.
Jenny wore a goofy grin, undoubtedly envisioning her predicament from her own mind's eye. And occasionally she shifted her weight or shook one leg, and then the other, to keep from getting stiff.
Tony could not keep from getting stiff. He stayed in position for fifteen minutes, impressed that she had the courage to expose herself in this way.
At last, he rose, and grabbed his camera. He walked to the base of the deck, then up the stairs. "Nice job Jenny. I'm proud of you."
She took her hands off her head and reached for the blindfold, taking it off. "This is so embarrassing," she muttered.
"I can only imagine," Tony replied, pleased with himself. He grinned as he took in the sight of his nude neighbor. She was in remarkably good shape for her age, and he admired her tanned body and muscular legs. He lingered in his gaze at her neatly trimmed bush, then scanned upwards to admire her small but shapely breasts.
"You're really enjoying this, aren't you?" Jenny asked.
"Yes, I am," Tony replied.
"Just my luck to have a pervert voyeur for a neighbor." Jenny said, rolling her eyes.
Tony shook his head in a signal of his disappointment. "I'm here with a simple plan to get you to atone for your adulterous behavior without fucking up your marriage to my friend, who deserves better. But I'm not deluded enough to deny that I take some pleasure in your predicament. I also admit to enjoying the opportunity to see you naked. Call it a peccadillo if you want, or a perversion if you must. But in any case, you should keep in mind that insulting me by calling me a pervert could result in repercussions.
Tony picked up a tennis ball that was lying near the dog bowl on the deck. "Like now, for example," Tony said as he threw the ball out to the middle of the back yard, "Since you've called me a pervert, I'll indulge that notion. Go fetch!"
Jenny folded her arms across her chest. Shaking her head, she said. "Come on, Tony. I was just kidding. It's bad enough standing out here on my deck in my birthday suit. Let's just move on."
Tony pointed at the ball. "Fetch!"
Jenny closed her eyes "Please, Tony, don't make me go out in the yard like this!"
Tony smiled. "I'm not making you do anything, Jenny. If it were up to me, we'd have been done with my simple plan hours ago. You're the one whose bad attitude keeps making me remind you that it's my way or the highway. So, I repeat, for the last time, fetch! Then we'll talk."
Jenny let out a low groan, then stomped down the wooden stairs of the deck. At the base of the stairs, she turned to walk toward the tennis ball, which was some forty feet away in the middle of their grassy back yard.
Tony called out. "Stop right there, Jenny!" She stopped and turned to face him.
"This is fetch, and you're supposed to be a dog. So, get down on your hands and knees."
Jenny narrowed her eyes. But she was now a little wiser based on her growing set of experiences at Tony's mercy (or lack thereof) and decided not to fight. She knelt, put her hands on the ground, and began to crawl toward the ball.
Tony admired her shapely ass and dangling breasts as she made her way awkwardly across the back yard. He was so mesmerized that he almost forgot to wield his camera to get some pictures of this obscene display. He snapped off a few quick shots just as she was arrived at the ball.
She picked up the ball with her right hand and started crawling back toward the deck stairs.
"Not in your hand, Jenny. That's cheating. Put the ball down, and pick it up in your mouth, like a good doggie," Tony commanded, channeling the perversion that Jenny had correctly noted.
Jenny looked up at him in disbelief. But before she could complain she heard a car pulling into the next-door neighbor's driveway. She was still safely out of view, but the thought of her neighbors stirring around just next door made her panic. She dropped the ball and bent over to pick it up in her mouth. She was barely able to squeeze it between her teeth with her mouth stretched wide open. Lifting her head, she turned toward the deck again. Tony took dozens of pictures of her scampering to the deck, then climbing the stairs on hands and knees. Then she crawled across the deck to where Tony stood and spat out the ball.
He reached down to pat her on the head. "Who's a good girl," he said, patronizingly. Then he added, "You can get up now. Let's get your silly ass inside."
Tony walked through the open slider, leading led Jenny to the living room, and told her to sit down on the ottoman in the middle of the room.
He set up his camera and tripod in the corner of the living room and framed Jenny in the viewfinder.
"It's humiliating enough to be naked in front of you, Tony," Jenny remarked. "Why must you take all these pictures? Is it just to add to my shame?"
Tony looked up from the viewfinder. "Stan is a lucky guy to have someone who looks this good in the buff! But to answer your question, I'm taking pictures mainly for you to share with Stan. But I can't say that I won't also use them for my own prurient interests. If this adds to your feelings of shame, then I consider that a bonus. And one other reason I'm chronicling this event is to ensure that you behave yourself. I'm hoping that my possession of photos of you crawling naked toward the deck with a tennis ball in your mouth might motivate you to stop being such a pill. Perhaps you'll start to be concerned not only about the threat that I'll tell Stan about your affair if you don't follow my directions, but also about the possibility that somehow your co-workers at the law firm might find compromising images of you in their email inbox.
Jenny shook her head, "That's blackmail!"
Tony shrugged. "Nah, all I've done is talk to you about things you might be concerned about."
Jenny fell silent.
Tony grinned and stood beside his seated naked neighbor. "OK, so here's the deal. First, we're going to take some tasteful photos of you to send to Stan. Then, we'll agree to some activities for the week -- the things you're going to do for Stan. Then I'll be out of here."
"Tasteful?" Jenny asked.
"Yes," Tony replied. "Tasteful if you play along. I'm not opposed to making them raunchy if you push my buttons or carp with me."
"Tasteful sounds better." Jenny reassured him.
"Right," Tony agreed, walking over to the camera. He peered through the viewfinder and snapped some shots of Jenny sitting on the ottoman with a stern look on her face.
"Pretend you've set up the camera yourself to take cheesecake photos for Stan," Tony suggested. "Which means, pose and smile for the camera."
"Jenny forced a smile." Tony took the shot.
"Better!" he said. "Now stand up and give me some attitude poses."
She did, and Tony had fun directing her for the nude photoshoot. He had her shift from standing to laying on the couch to sitting on the floor. Some of the resulting pictures were modest, with throw pillows covering critical areas of her anatomy, and others were less so. After about fifty shots, Tony turned off the camera.
He walked over to the couch and sat down. "Now let's talk about the week's activities. Here's what I have in mind. You'll text a couple of these pics to Stan's phone today. I'll pick them out for you and send them to you after I get home. And we'll dribble out others through the week. Agreed?"
"Yes, I already told you I'll do that." Jenny replied.
Tony continued, "Good. Then, as we discussed, when he gets home tonight, you'll be wearing only a smile. Tonight, sometime before nine, you're going make a bet with him that the Tigers are going to beat the Red Sox tonight. And you know what? The Tigers are in the basement of the AL East, so you'll pay up with that pouty mouth of yours. Because the stakes you'll propose will include an offer of a naked blowjob if the Sox win."
"A naked blowjob," Jenny repeated. "What is it about guys and blowjobs? Stan is constantly begging for them. You know, it's not the most comfortable sex act for a woman."
Tony shook his head. Reaching into his back pocket he took out a folded sheet of paper. He unfolded it and showed it to Jenny. "You seem pretty comfortable here giving deep throat to the gardener!"
Jenny buried her face in her hands.
So, comfortable or not, Tony continued, refolding the paper and stuffing it into his pocket. He sat down on the nearby couch. "I expect you to give him at least one more blowjob before the weekend is over, for whatever reason you want to give him."
Jenny, still covering her face, agreed. "Sure, I can do that. Anything else."
Tony replied, "Yes, just one more piece to the plan. On Monday when he gets home, you're going to be conspicuously reading that book, "Fifty Shades of Gray." And then dinner, you're going to ask him if he would mind giving you a spanking, so you can see how it feels."
Jenny's eyes widened. She was about to protest but bit her lip instead.
"Go ahead, Jenny, say what you want to say," Tony encouraged her.
"I have never been spanked in my whole life," Jenny declared.
"Well, then, it's about time!" Tony laughed. "I can't think of a single person who deserves a spanking as much as you!"
Tony thought for a moment, then said, "In fact, I want you to come over here and drape your plump ass across my knees right now. I'll give you a preview of how a spanking feels!"
"What?!" Jenny exclaimed.
"You heard me." Tony said, patting his lap. "Or we could wrap this up now, and I'll just send Stan a short clip from Fernando's visit."
"I don't like it, Tony," Jenny explained, trying to remain calm. "What if Stan finds out about this? It'd be worse than Fernando."
"It's like you said before," Tony replied. "I need you to comply with my plan. All of it. I don't expect you to like it! But it's still your choice."
Jenny sighed. She had already spent more than an hour naked in front of Tony, standing naked on the deck, crawling around the back yard like a dog, and modeling provocatively for him. Tony already had pictures of all of this, and to top it all off he had movies of her fucking a stranger. It was clear to her that she had no easy way out but to go along.
She stood up and said, "I don't like this one bit, Tony", but then did as he requested, laying across his lap. Once in position, with her elbows and knees resting on the couch on either side of Tony's lap, and her plump round ass positioned prominently, Jenny whispered. "OK, Tony. Let's get it over with."
Tony said, "I don't have an awful lot of experience with spanking, but I know that it's customary for the spanked person to thank the spanker after counting off each swat. So, you'll say 'One, thank you, Tony,' after the first swat, and then count up from there."
Before she could reply, Tony landed his first hard smack on her right ass cheek.
"One, thank you Tony!" she grunted through clenched teeth.
Tony rubbed her ass. "You know, Jenny, this is a pretty good-looking ass."
She couldn't help but wriggle as he caressed her round derriere. Tony suddenly landed another sharp smack on her other ass cheek.
"Two, thank you Tony, ARGGHH!" Jenny growled.
Tony pulled on her hips to bring her body closer to him, then began wailing at her ass with a flurry of swats.
"Three Thank...., Ow! Four! Ow, Five! Six, Seven, Owww! Thank you, Tony!" Jenny yelped.
After delivering the tenth spank, Tony paused. Jenny sniffled, holding back tears.
"So, now you have been spanked," Tony declared. "And if you don't follow my plan exactly as I've described it, I'll come back to do this again! Got it?"
"Yeah," Jenny mumbled. I got it."
Tony rubbed and then patted her ass. "OK then, you can get up."
She stood.
Tony also stood. "I'm heading home now, Jenny. I'll send you a couple of pictures to forward to Stan. And tonight you'll meet him at the door naked, as agreed, and make the baseball bet with him. Is that clear?"
"Crystal," Jenny replied, discretely rubbing her ass to take the sting away.
Tony gathered up his camera and tripod and walked out through the back slider door.
******
After he left, Jenny went to the hall mirror and twisted herself around to examine her sore backside. It was pink, but not as battered-looking as she imagined it would be. She rubbed some more, and the soreness began to fade.
Now, for the first time since Tony had arrived today, she had a little time to think. And her first thought was that she would probably get no respite from Tony until she figured a way out of this mess. He was enjoying his power play too much. Another though struck her as more ominous. While she couldn't bear, yet, to embrace the idea fully, Jenny recognized a deep and dark truth: this had been among the most thrilling days of her life.
She retreated to her bedroom and masturbated to a fulfilling orgasm, then got dressed and went out to pick up food for dinner.
*******
Tony downloaded three hundred and fifty pictures from the camera to his computer and began the process of sifting through them. He did this with his pants off, his right hand controlling the mouse and his left hand wrapped around his cock, slowly rubbing one out.
The first of his favorite two shots was one in which Jenny stood smiling, blindfolded, and naked in the sun on her back deck, her chest out and her head held high. The sun illuminated her graceful curves in a way that Tony found extraordinarily sexy. The second was of her with the tennis ball in her mouth and a look of disgust on her face, crawling toward him on all fours without a stitch on. Tony noted to himself, while ejaculating to this image, that she might have been right about his being a pervert!
After gratifying himself, Tony sifted through the images to find a couple suitable for sending through Jenny to Stan. Eventually, he settled one of her on the couch and one of her seated on the floor. In each picture, it was clear that she was nude, but the strategic placement of a throw pillow below and her hands above kept her from exposing her private parts.
He sent the two pictures in a text to Jenny.
********
Stan arrived late to the bar on Sunday night for his usual night out with Tony. Tony was already at their favorite table and had ordered two beers.
As Stan sat down, he eyed Tony suspiciously. He took out an envelope and put it on the table. Tony picked it up and counted out ten one-hundred-dollar bills. Folding the envelope, he shoved it in his back pocket.
"So, I take it that things are better!" Tony asked.
"Better? Its un-fucking believable," Stan replied. "She blew me twice this weekend. When I came home on Friday, she met me at the door naked! She's become a sex hound and she can't seem to get enough. What the hell did you say to her?"
"That's my business, not yours," Tony said, sipping his beer.
Stan squinted at Tony. "Look, one night I whine to you about how my sex life has gone to hell, then you bet me a grand that you can fix that problem. And then, a few weeks later, some-fucking-how, the problem is solved. I want to know what the fuck you said. You won the bet, and I paid up. Now tell me."
Tony shrugged. "Stan, I'd like to help you, but don't think it was anything I said. I just tried to get her to see what a keeper you are. I'm glad it's working out for you, but I think she figured this out mostly on her own. If my brief conversation with her sparked this epiphany, then I'm grateful to have been able to help."
Stan took a long swallow of his beer. "Well, pal, whatever it was, I'm the one who is grateful. He leaned in closer to Tony to whisper, "You know, tonight she wants me to spank her! What a fucking hoot!"
"No way!" Tony replied, feigning surprise. "Well, give her a few swats for me!