I heard my phone beep as I was getting out of the shower. It was a message from my boss, John Taylor. "A potential new client in the office today. His account could make our year! Dress sexy."
I suppose I won't be wearing the pants suit today, I mused. After drying off, I stood in front of my closet. Contemplating. What to wear? What to wear? My eyes glimpsed the dark blue V-neck dress I brought last month for such occasion in the far left. Perfect.
--
As I searched through the files, I felt a hand reach under my dress and squeeze my pert ass. "Good morning Mr. Taylor," I said. I knew his touch anywhere. I found our New Client Onboarding package and closed the drawer to the filing cabinet. His hand was still on my ass.
"Excellent choice with the dress, Amy," Mr. Taylor said. His hand slid down slowly and pushed my panties to the side. "Andrew will be here at 11:00 am," he continued, his finger gently tracing my slit. "So, make sure you show him why he should invest with us."
I was soon approaching my second year working at Mr. Taylor's investment firm. We initially met at an industry talk just over two years ago. By chance, we were seated at the same table, and I mentioned my discontentment with my current work environment. He advised me of his need for an Assistant within his growing business.
Things were great for the first eighteen months. Then the market started to tank, and we had to find new ways to obtain potential clients and keep current ones. Ultimately, we decided to capitalize on certain assets and skills I have.
Of course, being a good businessman, Mr. Taylor regularly tests out the merchandise. Once or twice a week, he likes to make sure my cunt is still tight and available for business. I'm not complaining, though! I love being used by an older man. Receiving these new client messages are always the highlight of my week.
I made coffee for Mr. Taylor and myself and joined him in his office. I brought up his agenda on my computer. "Alright, you have a board meeting at 9:30 am, finance committee meeting at 10:15 am, and the client appointment with Andrew Anderson from 11:00 am until noon."
"Great. Thank you, Amy."
--
Mr. Taylor surprised me when he returned to the office earlier than expected.
"We have a few minutes before Andrew arrives, and I could use some release." Mr. Taylor said nonchalantly, walking to his computer.
I knew my role. "Of course, Mr. Taylor." As I walked over to his desk, I got on all fours and crawled underneath his mahogany table. I made my way between his legs and undid his pants. I could hear him typing when I pulled out his cock. It was just over 6 inches, but it had a girth that knew how to fill a woman up.
As I've done many, many times before, I gladly took his fat cock in my waiting mouth. It was part of my weekly duties, after all. Inch by inch, I took him. Starting with the smooth tip and slowly making my way to the veiny base. It had taken a lot of practice, but I can now deep throat my boss' cock with ease. I still had his cock in my mouth when I heard the knock on the door.
"Come on in Andrew," my boss said. I paused for a bit and heard someone enter the room. "Take a seat," Mr. Taylor said. Clearly, he had no plans on getting up from the desk!
Mr. Taylor reached under the desk and pushed my head down on his cock. His way of telling me to get back to my cock-sucking duties.
I sensed the chair behind me pull out as Andrew sat down. His knees were mere inches from me. I hope he was not a leg stretcher.
"Good to see you again, John."
"I'm glad you could make it," replied my boss.
"You look a bit red in the face. Is everything ok?" asked Andrew.
"Oh yeah, I'm good. My assistant is just performing a job under the table," Mr. Taylor said with a cheekiness in his voice.
"I see. Judging by your smile, she must be pretty good?" Andrew remarked.
"You know I only settle for the best. Would you like to try her out?"
"I can't say no to such a great offer," said Andrew as he undid his pants and pulled out a semi-hard cock. Crawling over to Andrew, I settled between his legs. I started to massage his cock and was mesmerized as it grew and grew in my hands. He had an absolute monster! At least nine inches. I doubt I could fit it all in my mouth.
I heard them discuss their latest squash game as I gave Andrew's cockhead a small lick. Then another. I ran my tongue up and down his thick shaft. Just like a lollipop. I treated Andrew's cock like the tasty snack it was. Up and down, my head bobbed on his magnificent member. His cock hitting the back of my throat each time I took more and more of him.
"Damn John, she is good!"
I was so focused on his cock, that I almost didn't hear my boss call my name.
"Amy, get to your feet," Mr. Taylor commanded.
"Yes, sir," I said, rising from underneath the desk. I straightened out my dress and ran my hand through my hair before turning to see Andrew. Not bad, I thought to myself. Andrew looked to be in his late forties. I even sensed an athletic build under his crisp blue shirt.
"You are gorgeous," Andrew said, once I turned around. "I see why you speak so highly of her, John." He gave me a wink before taking in my ample cleavage. I knew this dress would be a hit.
Andrew stepped closer. "Well, Amy, I am this close to signing with John's firms."
"Oh," I said coyly. "Is there anything I can do convince you to sign?"
"Yes. Take off your panties and bend over that desk."
Mr. Taylor looked expectantly at me as I dropped my panties. As I braced against the desk, I soon felt Andrew's hand on my body. His strong, smooth hand inched it's way up my calves, my thighs. Soon, I felt the presence of a nice thick finger entering my cunt. I was so wet; he had no trouble pressing his finger in.
"Damn, you are a horny bitch," replied Andrew to by wetness. He turned to Mr. Taylor, "is this slut always so horny?"
"Yep," my boss answered, "and I can guarantee she's nice and tight for you."
I heard the tell-tale signs of a belt unbuckling and a trouser hitting the ground.
Andrew positioned himself behind me, slowing lifting my dress over my ass. "Get lower," he said, pushing my shoulders downward. My elbows were now resting on the cool desk, my ass firmly in the air. Just how he wanted me.
I heard his breath grow deeper as he guided his cock to my entrance. He held on tightly to my waist as he pushed his cock inside of me. I had to bite my lip to keep from screaming. My pussy was forced open as his cock spread it apart.
Pure ecstasy flooded through me as Andrew filled me up in one slow, agonizing motion.
"This bitch is tight," Andrew said through grunts. "Fuck, she's a tight bitch!" He continued to my boss. I saw Mr. Taylor nod in agreement.
"No need to be gentle, Andrew," advised my boss. "She knows she needs to please you to get your account." Oh shit, I thought to myself.
It seems that was all the permission Andrew needed. He placed both hands on the table in front of us and started to drive into me. Fuck! He bent his knees and aimed his cock upwards, deep into my cunt. With each upward thrust, I sank onto his cock. I felt like such a whore. Having Andrew's dick inside me was the highlight of my week.
Soon enough, I couldn't help myself. I started to moan. This was the biggest cock I've ever experienced. I've never felt fuller of cock in my life. My moans grew louder and louder before Mr. Taylor walked around and roughly placed his hand over my mouth.
He bent down and whispered in my ear. "Quiet down, you filthy whore. I don't want the whole firm to know you spread your legs on command." I nodded that I understood. Satisfied with my answer, he removed his hand from my mouth. Unfortunately, Andrew chose that moment to bottom out in me.
"Fuc-"I started to yell before Mr. Taylor slapped his hand over my mouth again.
Andrew increased his pace. Bottoming out in me again and again. His balls slapping against my clit each time he destroyed my cunt. I could barely breathe, only gasp for air. I knew he was absolutely ruining me and would leave a gaping mess when he was done.
Thankfully, I felt his body start to tense up. His hands began to shake slightly. I knew he was close to exploding. Before he could shoot his load, my boss said, "you can't cum in my bitch unless you agree to sign with us."
"Deal!" Andrew said hoarsely. Andrew let out a deep low growl as I felt his load shoot deep inside of me. His body jerked a couple of times and went still. After he regained his strength, Andrew pulled his cock out of me and allowed his cum to leak out of my now ruined cunt.
As the door closed to Andrew's departure, Mr. Taylor gave me a sly smile.
"We have another client appointment on Thursday at 3:00 pm."