My husband, Martin, and I are sexually adventurous and I smiled at the exploits we had enjoyed over the previous couple of days.
I had earlier challenged Martin to have all his body hair removed by waxing at a beauty salon where I knew he would be 'looked after'.
The beautician who would do the waxing was Helen, a twenty year old, stunningly attractive blonde who had performed exquisite oral sex on me after waxing my pubic hairs to a complete Brazilian.
I was aroused, she sensed it and we realised we are both bisexual. I need no encouragement to go back to Helen regularly to keep myself completely smooth.
Martin had suffered some discomfort, especially the 'back, sac and crack' bit, but Helen had then climbed on top of his thick, stiff prick and ridden him for twenty minutes. She teased him by slowing and then quickening her riding action until Martin exploded his spunk into her.
Martin's challenge to me had taken place the previous Saturday.
We had travelled by train to Marylebone Station in London and checked into the large hotel right across from the station. We had a large room on the second floor overlooking the busy main road.
I stood in front of the large window and could look directly at the passengers on the top deck of the red London buses. Martin stood behind me and undressed me, displaying me to various sets of passing passengers.
All had noticed me and the last lot had seen me orgasm as Martin stood behind me, caressed my nipples with one hand and fingered my sopping cunt with the other.
As we had planned, Martin tied me spread-eagled on the bed with lengths of soft cord we had brought. I was blindfolded with an airline style mask over which Martin tied a black silk scarf. I could see absolutely nothing.
All I was wearing was black hold-ups. My legs were held so far apart I could feel the strain at the top of my thighs -- just the way I like to be tied. My hairless cunt was stretched open.
Martin teased me by licking me for about thirty minutes. He is very good at bringing me close to orgasm then slowing and backing off leaving me just on the edge of coming. He can do this time after time, causing me to buck my hips in frustration and to shout at him demanding that he makes me come.
He then calmly called room service and requested a bottle of Chablis, an ice bucket and two glasses. He then got back to licking me. The anticipation of who would bring the wine and see me spread open was delightfully arousing.
When there was a knock on the door, Martin placed the small hand towel from the bathroom across my hips and thighs but left my breasts exposed.
The cords tying me to the bed were visible as was the fact that I was blindfolded.
I heard Martin asking the waiter to put the bottle by the window, thereby ensuring that he or she would walk right the way across the room. The staff member must have seen me and I heard Martin say "I have been teasing her for thirty minutes and she would rather like to come, wouldn't you darling?"
I responded as we had agreed: "I don't know who you are but I am desperate to come -- this bastard has been teasing me for ages and I would like you to finish me off"
The towel was removed and I felt someone sit on the bed next to me. Then I felt Martin resume his position between my legs and to start flicking my clitoris with his tongue.
I moaned and tried to move so I got more pressure on my clit but Martin just moved away. I felt the stranger's hand on my breasts, rolling my erect nipples through their fingers. The stranger spoke -- a deep male voice with a French accent.
He asked Martin if he could fuck me. Martin said "Of course you may, with a condom" I listened as I heard the stranger undress and heard Martin open the condom wrapper.
The stranger kissed me passionately then stopped and positioned himself above me, taking his weight on his arms and knees.
The only contact with me was then the end of his cock nudging at my cunt lips. Martin must have assisted as the next thing I felt was the stranger's cock driving into me, filling me and stretching me.
He was big and he knew how to use his dick. He pistoned into me, mixing deep thrusts with shallow ones. On the deep ones, I felt his wiry pubic hair against my bald mound.
On the shallow strokes, he almost withdrew his cock and teased my clitoris with the glans of his dick. Then he would drive his tool slowly right into me, filling me again.
I lasted about two minutes before he drove me to a wracking orgasm during which I writhed against my bonds. He carried on fucking me. Wave after wave of orgasm swept over me, almost merging one into another to a continuous crescendo of pleasure.
Martin pinched my nipples hard which he knows I love. The stranger had tremendous stamina and just carried on. I cried out loudly: "Come inside me. Fill me with your spunk" I felt him shudder and his prick grew even larger as he finally emptied his balls and stopped, still inside me.
Even then he did not collapse onto me but withdrew his softening cock and climbed off the bed. He dressed, explaining to Martin that he had to get back to work.
Martin thanked him and let him out of the room. He then untied me and removed my blindfold and we lay on the bed, entwined and kissing. Martin fucked me slowly and gently, telling me that seeing me screwed by the waiter like that was the horniest experience of his life.