Dr. Turner called Adam with some exciting news. They were ready to test a fully immersive body suit.
"Um, Doc. I can't do that." Adam stuttered.
"It will pay much more than the other product testing. We'd like to sign you to a contract for $150 an hour. We'll need 3 more sessions."
"Holy shit." He paused for a second, "Sorry doc, I, uh, I think I know your other test subject in NY. So I can't do it with her anymore."
"Oh!" Dr. Turner sounded disappointed. "Are you sure?"
"Um, pretty sure." Pretty sure you made me fuck my sister. Virtually, we were rubbing uglies together.
"Of course, Adam, I understand. I have to keep everyone's identity confidential, so I can't deny or confirm anything with you." Dr. Turner was started to worry. The new VR Sex Suit had to be operational and ready for market in 30 days. He thought he had lucked out with his test subjects. Adam was an athlete at the University of Texas. His female subject in NY was also a UT Longhorns athlete. He did not have any other subjects and he needed their build to fit the suits properly. Oh... both from Texas. That's how they know each other.
But he needed perfect bodies with stamina. It would look good on the product package. And they definitely looked good boning away on video! An idea started to form in Dr. Turner's giant brain...
"Listen, Adam. I will get you another female subject. Will you still do the product tests?"
"Geez, yes! Sure! That'd be great!"
"Good boy - see you at the lab tomorrow!"
An hour later, Dr. Turner received a call from Kate.
"Professor, I can't do the tests anymore. I know the other subject."
"Oh dear, we can't have that, can we? How about I give you a new subject to partner with?"
"That'd be great," Kate was thrilled.
That night, Kate and Adam were chatting, both thrilled they could keep doing the Sexy Life Forms product tests with other test subjects. Kate needed the money for her wedding dress. Adam needed the money to fly to NY for his sister's wedding.
The next day, Adam walked into the lab, stripped and put on what looked like a yellow scuba suit. There were sensors all over him. He put on a helmet to complete the gear.
Turner walked around him and guided him to lie down on a foamcore mattress. "Adam, from this point forward, your voice will be muted and translated into another language. Your new subject doesn't speak English, so it's easier for you to just perform and not verbalize. This new suit is fully immersive. You'll feel, hear, smell, touch everything - as your avatar, as she will in hers."
"Wow, cool. Where is she?"
"Um, you'll be having coitus with a girl in our Shanghai lab."
"Awesome. Love Asian chicks." He felt like he was on a waterbed, slowing rising and falling. In VR world, he was floating on his back in an infinity pool. "What does my virtual body look like?" He raised his hand and stared at his strange fingers.
"Ladies choice. You look like Jason Momoa."
"All right!"
Suddenly a beautiful Asian woman walked up to the edge of the pool. She spoke but it was in Chinese, so Adam could only shrug. He swam over to her and climbed out of the pool. She ran her hands over his glistening body, his Hawaiian tattoos. Then she led him to a lounge chair and motioned for him to lie back.
This girl doesn't waste time, Adam thought. He laid back and spread his legs. Then he reached up, grunted, and pulled the girl to kneel by him. She eagerly began to massage his hands, muttering words in Chinese, then she delicately fingered the waistband of his shorts.
Realizing what was next, Adam lifted his butt up to help her slide them off. He looked down at himself and he had a darker complexion than he was in real life. His dick looked thicker and darker. Smiling, he reached for the girl's bikini top and slipped them off. He pinched her nipple, then he leaned forward to lick one, then the other.
The Chinese girl smiled slyly, stood up, and removed her bottom. She was smooth with a tattoo of Aquaman's trident on her belly. She climbed over Adam so that she straddled him over the lounge chair. Then she squatted down so that her already wet labia lips could run along the length of his stiffening cock.
Adam let out a full throated groan. He looked down to watch her wet lips coat his veiny hardon. Then he reached down to grab his shaft and shove it into her well lubed snatch.
The girl cried out. He loved Asian girls' orgasmic cries - too much jacking off to Anime, he smiled. He started bouncing her on him and she wailed with each thrust. She squirmed, impaled on his big dick which slickly pumped up into her so that he could see himself bulge in her abdomen.
She kept wailing, like pain or pleasure. Adam rocked her hips back and forth on him. She was bouncing around, looking up with her eyes closed as if she was going to cry. She flopped from side to side and her head flipped her beautiful black hair back and forth like she had a wobble head, enjoying his big dick immensely. She kept crying out joyous Chinese phrases while Adam grunted and growled like Momoa as Conan the Barbarian.
Finally Adam pushed her off and pointed to the lounge chair, "Get on it, bitch!" he barked, but the VR suit translated it into Chinese.
She meekly wagged her butt and got on her knees instead. She grabbed a hold of his erection, sniffed it, said something in Chinese, and began to lick his glistening head.
"Good, good!" Dr. Turner's voice said in their helmets. "She can smell everything. Taste everything."
"Mmmmmmm," she said. That didn't need translation.
Adam looked down and watched her savor his cock. Then he reached down and thread his fingers in her hair and began to skull fuck her."
She gurgled excitedly. Adam would have loved to have been rougher, but he was amazed at how real VR world was and how he could feel everything on his body.
She spat on his tumescent organ and motioned for him to come lay back down.
"She wants to finish you in Amazon position. Woman on top with your legs on her shoulders."
Whoa, Adam had fantasies about being fucked by Wonder Woman. This would be hot. He obediently laid back down and put his legs up in the air. The woman positioned herself between his legs and guided him in with her hand. She slid down on him and started to bounce and grind on him.
The two fucked in this position like wild animals. She loved dominating him. She held his feet as she expertly rode him like a wild boar.
Back in the lab, a concerned woman in a lab coat ran up to Dr. Turner, "There's a malfunction. The suits are failing!"
"What?" He looked at Adam's form, lying back with his legs up in the air.
"System failure now. They're going to see each other!"
"Good lord! Stop the simulation! Stop it!"
The woman ran off.
Back in the VR world. Adam noticed the sky crackling and shimmering. He realized he wasn't seeing the simulated sky, it was the ceiling of the lab. He looked at his arms - mightily tattooed in VR world - but flashing back and forth to his own arms. He then looked up at the Asian girl riding him, and her form was also pixelating and flashing. Suddenly he saw her true form. It was his sister Kate. They looked at each other in horror, then down at their crotch where for a few seconds, she saw she was riding her kid brother before she disappeared from the scene.
"What the fuck, doctor!" Adam jumped up and peeled off his helmet. "That was my sister! You told me you'd get another test subject! I've been fucking my sister!" In spite of the outrageous situation, Adam was furious at himself for remaining rock hard. He tried peeling off the yellow scub suit, but his boner was already dripping precum and staining it.
"Yes, yes, I'm sorry, Adam! We couldn't find anyone in time. We figured we could mask your identities. No injury! No foul! It was virtual, remember! You weren't really in your sister."
"Fucks sake!" Adam collapsed into a chair.
"Doctor?" The lab coat woman was back. "You have a call from the NY lab?"
"Oh, put her through."
Adam looked up as Kate's voice came on loud and clear, "Doctor! What the fuck! That was my brother! You had me fucking my brother!"
"I was just saying to Adam, it was virtual. Nothing really happened! Please calm yourself!"
"Are you kidding me?"
Adam piped up, "Calm down, Kate. Let's figure this out."
Dr. Turner said, "Haven't you two every played videos games together? From NY to Austin? It's virtual - it's the same thing."
"But I'm not naked and fucking my brother in the game!" Kate howled.
"You are 1700 miles away. You weren't fucking your brother." Dr. Turner was getting irritated. He had hoped for another 30 minutes of VR sex.
"Fuck you, Turner. We're going to sue!" Kate bellowed. Adam nodded in agreement.
"Go ahead. You both signed releases. We don't guarantee who the participants are. You could have been fucking a gorilla for all you know. Now I could sue you both if you don't complete your contract and finish the tests."
"Fuck!"
That night, Kate and Adam were on the phone.
"What do we do?" Adam asked. "We're so fucked."
"Be smart about this Adam. The doctor is right. We can't sue. I looked at the release forms and they could have assigned anyone as test subjects. Even siblings."
"Fuck!"
"We both need money. I need my dress. You need your air fare."
"What are you saying?"
"And the doctor said we were his only test subjects. So he needs us too."
"Kate?"
"What I'm saying is that we finish a couple more sessions, make our money, and that's it."
"Kate! But that's fucking incest!"
"No, it's like the doctor said. We weren't touching. That wasn't even what our bodies look like."
"That's so gross," Adam whined. 1700 miles away, he didn't dare say that this talk had gotten him hard. He looked down at the bulge in his shorts.
"We're testing their suits. That's it." She listened to Adam breathing. "Don't think about it. It's just sensors and inputs. It's just a game."
Adam groaned. Kate waited for an answer.
1700 miles away, she could hear Adam shifting around in his room. He cleared his throat and dropped to a whisper, "Remember that time on the couch?"
"What?" But Kate immediately knew what he was referring to.
"I was half asleep. You were in town visiting. You sat to watch TV so I put my feet on your lap. You said my feet were bigger than your boyfriend's?"
"Don't remember." But Kate began to hug herself.
"And you thought I was asleep? You opened the fly of my shorts and pulled my dick out?"
"Oh," Kate said softly.
"And you wondered why I was getting hard? I just kept growing in your hand?"
Kate swallowed. She remembered being amazed at how hard Adam got. She remembered leaning over to sniff him. She remembered taking his head into her mouth to taste him.
"Well, I wasn't asleep. I was awake. I got hard because," he paused, "I liked being held by your hand."
There was a long pause. Finally Adam whispered, "Kate? You still there?"
"Yes. Don't worry, baby brother. We'll get through this."