/* Note to Readers:
All characters in this story are fictitious, over 18 and consenting in their actions.
The story is told by Mike. He's just finished his second year at college and he's home for the summer, living with his parents.
Mike was introduced by his mother to the next-door neighbor Ms. Belding; she likes to be called Carol.
Carol is an attractive mid-thirties realtor who has purchased the large house with the intention of flipping it. She needs to repaint the exterior because the current pea green color has no curb appeal. She hires Mike to do the painting.
Mike is now painting Carol's house as his summer job.
Last Chapter Recap
Mike spent most of the day in the sling with Carol.
Kimber joined later in the day and Mike returned to the sling to be double teamed by the two hung women. After the sling, Mike is allowed to enjoy margaritas by the pool with Carol and Kimber.
Mike had secretly taken many shots of tequila during the day and was now too drunk to go home. Carol and Kimber convinced Mike to tell his mother that he was going to his friend Roger's place for the evening.
Joni is now on her way over to Carol's to join the party.
Mike gets blackout drunk, and passes out. We join Mike as he wakes up the next morning.
*/
The Next Morning
I awoke the next morning in my bedroom with a raging headache. My mouth still tasted like tequila. I had almost no recollection of the night before. I couldn't explain how I got home to my bed. I didn't remember most of the prior night. I did remember sitting in a bar with Roger around 6pm talking about our summer jobs.
"You better get up, Mike, or you're going to be late for work," My Mom said as she passed my bedroom.
I looked at the clock, it read 7:00 a.m., my summer job came rushing back into my head, along with my memory of Carol the day before. Our tryst at the end of my first day was the fuel for one of the most erotic dreams I had ever had in my life. I wondered if I was secretly harboring some of the desires portrayed by the dream.
"Do I really want to be gang fucked by a bunch of women who had big cocks?" I asked myself as I scratched my balls and sat up in my bed.
When I reached down to scratch my balls, I noticed that the front of my boxers was wet and starting to get crusty.
"Jesus," I thought, "you had a wet dream about being gang banged by shemales?"
"My mind must have been conflicted after I sucked Carol's cock," I reasoned, "that's why I had the epic dream about becoming enslaved to Carol and team."
I got out of bed and walked to the shower. As the warm water ran over my body, I thought about what today would be like with Carol. I wondered if it would be awkward after things got physical at the end of my first day at work.
My cock grew hard as I remembered how she sucked my cock and came in her mouth. I wondered if I could convince my tall, beautiful customer to let me fuck her as well. What an incredible thing it would be to get paid $8000 to paint a house and fuck the owner whenever I wanted. I made it my goal to make that happen.
After I showered, I rushed downstairs to grab a quick breakfast before I made the short drive to Carol's.
"How did your first day go," Mom asked, as she drank her morning coffee.
"It went well," I answered, "She's a very nice lady, thanks for helping me set this up, Mom."
"Of course," Mom replied, "it is a very convenient and lucrative summer job, isn't it."
"How is Carol as a boss?" Mom asked, "she's always very polite to me."
"She's great, Mom," I replied, "She's very professional but also very considerate; not overbearing."
"Tell her hello for me, and have a great day," Mom said as I headed out the door.
"Will do," I yelled back as I made my way to the truck.
Soon, I arrived in front of Carol's house. I wondered if our morning would be awkward after giving each other oral the night before.
"Good morning," I announced as I entered through the front door.
"Back here, Mike," I heard Carol say from the kitchen.
When I entered the kitchen, I found Carol at the island drinking her coffee, sitting behind her laptop. From what I could see, it looked like she was wearing a bikini. I poured a cup of coffee and walked around the island; as I did, my bikini suspicion was confirmed.
Carol caught my gaze and said, "I went for a swim this morning, it's going to be a hot one."
"Yeah, highs in the mid-nineties with high humidity," I answered, "It'll be a little brutal painting out there today."
"Well feel free to take anything from the fridge you need to keep cool," Carol offered, "Take a break in the air-conditioning if needed."
"Thank you, Carol," I answered, "I might take you up on that."
"I'm going to be in and out today," Carol mentioned, "I have some appointments in the morning, but I'll be back by 1 p.m. or so, and working from home for the balance of the day."
"I'm hoping to make a lot of progress today," I said confidently, "I'm going to put my earbuds in and get in the zone."
"Awesome," Carol laughed, "can we talk about what happened yesterday for a minute?"
My face blushed. I was hoping we were just going to forget about it and move on.
"I think we both needed something, and we let our needs over-ride our logic," I said, hoping to nip the conversation in the bud.
"You're so right, Mike," Carol agreed, "You're a very attractive young man, I shouldn't have let my desire invade our working relationship, I'm sorry."
"You're pretty hot yourself, Carol," I said, smiling and blushing, "I could have stopped it too, but I didn't."
"You didn't tell anyone did you?" Carol asked, "I was so worried you might mention it to your mother, Betty."
"Betty is none the wiser," I laughed, "and I didn't tell anyone else either. I don't want people to think I took advantage of you."
"Don't be ridiculous," Carol said, "I was the spider who caught you in my web. I made the first move."
"Actually, when you put it that way, I do feel like I might have been sexually harassed," I said, smiling at my bikini clad customer.
"Oh really?" Carol said, "I bet you'd drop those shorts in two seconds if I asked you to. By the way, if you were harassed, then I was overpowered and taken against my will."
"So now you're asking me to drop my shorts as a condition of employment?" I said, feigning disbelief, "you are so brazen, Carol."
"A young stud like you shouldn't play games like this with an older, more experienced, businesswoman," Carol warned with a sly grin, "I might call your bluff. In fact, I'll throw in an extra $500 if you drop your shorts and paint my house naked."
"Just today, or every day?" I asked for clarification, my cock starting to harden from the game that was being played.
"Why every day, of course," Carol replied, "I'm not paying an extra six percent for one day of fun."
"Make it $800," I said, smiling from ear to ear, "and I get the option to trade the $800 for something I want from you."
"I'm buying you for $800 mister," Carol argued, "if you want to buy something from me, the price is much higher."
"We'll see about that," I replied confidently, "so we're agreeing on $800 then?"
"Yes," Carol agreed, "but you must leave your clothes in your car when you arrive each morning, there will be no safety net for you. I also have the right to touch you anytime I want."
"I guess I can agree to that," I acquiesced, "but I do feel a little cheap selling myself like this."
"You'd do it for free, smart ass," Carol said, looking at the growing lump in my shorts, "Now drop those things so you can get to work."
I placed my thumbs under my waistband and lowered my shorts and boxers in a single move. As I did, my cock sprung up and slapped my stomach. I stepped out of my shorts, then picked them up and handed them to Carol.
"Looks like my painter is ready for action," Carol said, looking at my hard cock.
She got off her stool and approached me, looking at my cock the entire time. She reached out and caressed the end of my rigid member. As she did, I felt a million shock waves shoot through my body.
"It's going to be hard for you to concentrate on your work with this thing sticking up like that isn't it," Carol said softly, looking up from my cock to my eyes, "We should probably take care of that, shouldn't we."
I stood and watched as she wrapped her fingers around my cock and then lowered herself to her knees. She looked up at me as she slowly stroked my cock that was now just inches from her face.
"Would you mind if your boss sucked your cock for you?" Carol whispered, smiling a seductive smile, "after all, I paid for you so I kind of own you now."
I just nodded my head, trying hard not to fuck up what had become a dream-come-true situation. This was going to be an epic summer job.
Carol took me in her mouth and started to suck on just the head. Her experienced tongue was focused on the most sensitive part, right underneath my glans. I felt like I was going to explode in thirty seconds. Carol pulled off, sensing my reaction.
"I bet a young stud like you masturbates every day to keep these balls empty, doesn't he?" Carol said, taking me back in her mouth while she waited for an answer.
She kept my cock in her mouth as her hands moved back to remove her bikini top. My customer was now topless, sucking my cock in her kitchen before I went to work for the day.
"God Carol, I'm very close," I sighed, "You've got me turned on to the limit."
Carol worked my shaft further into her mouth and then deeply into her throat. She held her nose against my pubes as she throated my cock. I hadn't been throated like that in a long while. It was driving me even closer to blowing my load. I was doing everything in my power to keep from exploding too quickly.
Carol pulled off and then throated me again and again. She knew I was close, and she was driving me crazy with her oral skill.
"Momma's hungry baby," Carol groaned, "Feed momma your college boy cum."
I loved her dirty talk; it was so dirty to call herself Momma. This woman was really getting into my head. Carol's hands reached around and grabbed my ass cheeks. Then, she pulled me in, balls deep, over and over. I literally felt like I was being manhandled by my beautiful customer. I couldn't hold back any longer.
"Oh God, Carol!" I growled, "I'm cumming!"
My knees buckled as I fired rope after rope of thick semen into Carol's throat. My legs were shaking as I tried to stand while Carol sucked my soul out through my cock.
"Mmm hmmm," Carol moaned as I filled her with my cum.
She held my ass cheeks to keep my cock buried in her throat until she sensed my orgasm was past. Then she sucked on the tip to draw out any cum that was left in my shaft.
Carol let my cock fall from her mouth and sat back on her knees to look up at me.
"There. That must feel much better," Carol said smiling, "Now my painter can focus on his work."
"Holy shit, Carol," I said, "That was unbelievable, I need to sit down for a minute."
Carol picked her swimsuit top off the floor and sat next to me at the island.
"I think it's going to be fun having you around this summer, Mike," Carol said, smiling, "You're going to go a good job for me, aren't you?"
"Right now, I'm the most motivated employee you'll ever have," I said, "I'm going to paint the hell out of your house."
"Good, let's catch up at the end of the day," Carol said, "I'm going to go take a shower and get to work."
I watched Carol leave the kitchen, then I grabbed a bottle of water from the fridge and headed outside to the scaffold to get to work.
Working Hard Until Lunch
I headed back out to the scaffolding, put in my earbuds, and got to work. The morning flew by in a flash. I made great progress and was ready to take my lunch break. It was mid-day and the temperature had to be close to one-hundred degrees. Sweat was pouring off my naked body. So, I decided to head inside for lunch.
On my way back to the kitchen, I stopped for a dip in the pool to cool off. It felt great to have the cool water washing over my naked skin. I swam around for a minute or two before I stepped out of the pool and grabbed one of the towels in the basket Carol kept nearby. I dried myself off as I headed for the patio doors that led to the kitchen.
I slid the door open and headed inside. The cool air of the air conditioning caused a slight chill to race across my damp skin. I dropped the towel on the kitchen island chair and walked over to the fridge to get my lunch. I grabbed a can of Coke out of the fridge and opened the freezer to fill my glass with ice. There on the fridge door I saw a bottle of vodka and tequila both chilling for convenience.
"Hmm, don't mind if I do," I said to myself, and took a long swig off the tequila bottle.
I grabbed some ice and sat down at the island. As I enjoyed my lunch in the air conditioning, I congratulated myself on landing the Cadillac of summer jobs. I was getting paid a fortune to paint a hot woman's house, and she was paying me extra to do it naked. To top it all off, I was now getting regular sexual favors from my client as well.
I started wondering if I would get another blowjob during our end of the day meeting. Or better yet, maybe I could convince Carol to let me fuck her. As I daydreamed about my hot client, my cock started to grow underneath the countertop. It took every bit of willpower I had to keep from spanking my monkey right there in Carol's kitchen.
After lunch, I decided to take another swig of tequila before heading out to the scaffold. There's something fantastic about the taste of cold tequila on a hot summer day. With a mild buzz, I went back to work working on the east side of Carol's house.
The nice thing about painting is that it's not very mentally taxing. I spent the rest of the afternoon fantasizing about convincing Carol to do more than just blow me. I was hell bent on figuring out a way to convince her to let me fuck her.
I wondered if Carol even thought about sex that way. She was a very capable businesswoman who had a team of almost a dozen professionals working for her. Maybe she didn't get fucked, maybe she was the top in every relationship. I kept wondering how to find out, so I could formulate my strategy.
Soon, it was 3:30 p.m. and I heard Carol's car in the driveway at the front of the house. I figured I'd work another 30 minutes and then meet Carol by the pool for our end of the day meeting. I had planned to make certain I was rock hard at that meeting so she would feel the need to help me find a release.
It had been almost 4 hours since lunch and I was dripping with sweat after working in the hot sun all afternoon. A little before four, I climbed down from the scaffold and prepared to head to the pool to cool off before our meeting. I jacked myself to a raging hard on before walking to the pool and jumping in to cool off.
Carol was sitting next to the pool wearing red bikini bottoms, a big floppy hat, sunglasses, and nothing else. She was sipping a cocktail and reading her emails from the iPad in her lap. As I approached Carol, I couldn't help but secretly admire her tits before she realized I was there. She looked fantastic wearing only a tiny thong and that floppy hat. I had no problem maintaining my erection.
"Mind if I take a quick dip before our meeting, Boss?" I asked, looking over at Carol.
Carol looked up from her iPad and quickly glanced at my cantilevered cock.
"Have you even been working today? That thing looks exactly the way it did this morning," Carol commented with a smirk.
"I can't help it, Ma'am," I answered, "I guess I'm a closeted exhibitionist, I'm hard all the time since we agreed I'd work naked."
"Well maybe the cold pool water will help you deflate," Carol laughed, "I'm not sure we can have a serious discussion with that thing distracting us both."
I dove into the pool and swam down toward the bottom, enjoying the brisk pool water against my sunburned skin. By the time I surfaced, I had significantly cooled off but I was still sporting an undeniable hard on.
As I climbed out of the pool, Carol watched and commented, "I know what you're doing, you know."
"What are you talking about?" I asked, as I dried myself off with the same towel I had used earlier in the day.
"You think that I'm going to help you get rid of that hard-on, don't you?" Carol speculated.
"Actually, that would be great," I said, going for the presumptive close, "Should I relax in the chair again or do you want to bend over and let me take you from behind."
"Oh, so we've graduated from cock-sucking to anal, have we?" Carol laughed, "If you knew me well, Mike, you would know that I'm more fuck-er than fuck-ee."
"That should probably be in the employee handbook, Boss," I said, smiling, "seems like a pretty important piece of information for our working relationship."
"I think we can work this out less formally," Carol proposed, "we'll just adapt as we go. For now, why don't you just jack off while sucking my tits so we can discuss your progress today without distraction."
This was a step in the right direction. Carol was proposing sex for a second time today and it was only day two on the job. I figured if I stayed patient, I could get what I wanted in the long run.
"I'd like that," I said, kneeling next to Carol's chair and reaching out to caress her left breast.
"You have nice hands, Mike," Carol said as I softly caressed her, then pinched her nipple softly and pulled gently.
I could feel her quietly watching my eyes devour every inch of her D cup breasts while I readied my mouth to suck on her nipples. My hand was now on my throbbing cock as I lowered my head to take her left nipple into my mouth. I sucked on her nipple and bit down gently. As I did, I heard Carol sigh. I sucked on her nipple again and let my tongue flicker across the very tip of her nipple hoping to excite the nerve endings there.
Carol's right hand slid down her stomach to her bikini bottoms. As I jacked my own cock, I watched Carol pull her shaved cock out of her bikini bottoms and stroke it gently. Carol's cock started to grow as she stroked it. Soon it was just as hard as mine and extending past her navel. She had such a big cock for a hot milf. Carols left hand was cradling my head as I nursed on her big breast. After a minute, I felt her hand start to push my head down.
"You're making me so hot, Mike," Carol whispered as her hand directed me down toward her cock, "Please keep sucking."
I wasn't prepared for this turn of events. I had been hoping for a blow job from Carol and now she was expecting one from me. She lifted her cock off her stomach and pushed my head down until she was feeding me her cock with her right hand. I opened my mouth and let her in without protest.
"That's it, Mike, suck Momma's cock," She whispered.
I was on my knees jacking myself off with my face in my new boss's crotch. I felt her hands on my shoulder rolling me off my knees and onto my back. I took the signal and waited for her to mount me into a 69 position on the pool deck with her on top. I felt Carol's mouth engulf my raging hard on as I took her cock back into my mouth.
Now on my back, I looked up to see Carol's balls hanging down onto my nose. Behind that I could see the perfect orbs of her ass. I felt Carol working my cock into her throat as she started fucking my mouth at the same time. I was so turned on, after working naked all day, I knew I wasn't going to last long. I was lost in the lewdness of our public sexual display.
The backyard was silent except for the sounds of each of us sucking the others cock and the rippling sound of the fountains in the pool. I was getting very close and started to moan. Carol could sense I was close and started to take short strokes, focusing on just the sensitive head of my cock. Then, after a few short strokes, she'd take me balls deep. She repeated that pattern a few more times.
Meanwhile, Carol was taking full strokes with her cock into my throat. Her pubes were bouncing off my chin and her balls were slapping me in the nose as she rhythmically fucked my mouth.
"Mmmhhhh," I moaned as I started shooting ropes of cum into Carol's mouth.
Carol throated my cock and held me there as my cock continued to pump out my load. I couldn't stop my legs from spasming as I continued to orgasm while Carol fucked my mouth. My orgasm was starting to subside, but Carol seemed to still be building up to her release. I grabbed her ass with both hands and held on for dear life as she started humping me wildly from above. Carol still had me in her mouth and managed to suck out the last of my cum even as she worked to get herself off in my throat.
Carol pulled off my cock and moaned, "Momma is going to cum down your throat, baby, drink it all!"
I kept my hands on Carol's ass and started to work my finger into her ass crack. The middle finger on my right hand start to work its way into her tight hole. I was knuckle deep in her ass as she continued to fuck my throat. I pushed in firmly and buried my middle finger all the way into Carol's ass. It was the first time I had put anything inside Carol's ass and I liked it.
"Fuck yeah," Carol moaned, "drink Momma's cum baby!"
I felt Carol's cock bury itself in my throat and start throbbing. My throat got warm as she unloaded the entire contents of her balls into my throat and almost immediately into my stomach. Even though I was past peak of my own orgasm, having Carol pump me full of cum was a giant turn on. I was surprised when my cock started to harden again after less than a minute of recovery time.
Carol's spasms were subsiding. Soon, I felt her relax, letting her body fall onto mine. I kept sucking on Carol's cock until she pulled it out completely as she rolled off me onto the deck.
"God, I needed that," Carol said softly while looking up at the blue sky above us, "I hope you enjoyed that as much as I did."
"I guess I can't complain since I've cum in your mouth twice today...so far," I said dryly, waiting to hear her response.
"So far?" Carol exclaimed, "you greedy little bastard, I'm already paying you an extra 10% and sucking your cock twice a day and you want more?"
"More is always better," I replied, "Speaking of more, when do I get to put more than a finger into that perfect ass of yours?"
"You little pervert," Carol said, sitting up to look at me, "I was going to let that slide, but now that you're bringing it up, I think it deserves a discussion."
"I don't think I'm prepared to have that discussion right now," I said, "I'm already hard again and I am not thinking with the right head, if you know what I mean."
"Look at you, you ARE hard again," Carol laughed, "You're a machine."
"I think I'm gonna need another blowjob," I said smiling, "You can't send me home like this. What will my mother think?"
"She'll just think you got hard because your hot boss was lounging around the pool in her bikini," Carol smirked, "You're cute, but I'm not going to blow you a third time today."
I decided to use the levity in the conversation to push my luck.
"Why don't you just roll over on all fours and let me mount you from behind?" I said smiling from ear to ear, hoping that my charm would keep Carol from punching me.
"Dream on, college boy!" Carol said, standing up and tucking her cock back into her thong bikini bottom, "It's far more likely that I'll be in your ass before I let you in mine."
"C'mon, it's not every day that you get a hot college boy offering to deflower you," I said, continuing to press the subject.
"Tell you what, why don't you suck me hard again and let me do you in the ass. If you still want to fuck me after that, I'll bend over and let you have your way," Carol offered in jest.
I crawled over toward her and raised my hands to lower her bikini bottom. Carol stepped back, surprised by my aggressiveness.
"We're you actually going to do it?" She said, looking down at me in disbelief.
"I was calling your bluff," I said, looking up at her from my kneeling position.
"I've just learned a lot about you college boy," Carol said, looking down at me, "You're far more interesting than the simple college boy persona you allow people to see on a first impression."
"I hope to learn more from you as well, Boss," I said, sitting back on my haunches then standing up to look Carol in the eye.
"I think we should get back to talking about your progress," Carol said, "We've had about as much fun as I can handle today."
Carol gestured with her hand that I should join her in the chairs again. We sat facing each other in the pool chairs and I brought her up to speed on the status of my work. I indicated that I hoped to be done with the east wall within the next 6 days or so. Then, I would move to the front of the house, and I expected that to take 10 more days.
By the time we finished the work discussion, my cock was back to its flaccid state.
"Well, I suppose I should head home and let you enjoy your evening," I said, "unless you want to invite me to stay over, and we can enjoy it together."
"You never give up, do you?" Carol said, smirking at me with a twinkle in her eye.
"Well, you're a very hot and successful milf," I answered, "and I'm a simple college boy. I just can't control myself."
"I'm flattered," Carol replied, "maybe we can channel that energy as we work together this summer."
"So, see you tomorrow then, Ms. Belding?" I said, oozing my best charm.
"Yes, Mike, See you tomorrow," Carol answered, "don't forget to put your clothes back on before you drive home."
I walked to my car, reached inside, and grabbed my shirt and shorts. I quickly put them on and hopped into the driver's seat. As I drove home, I thought about how successful my second day at work had been. It started with a 10% raise just to work naked, which I would have done for free. Before I even lifted a paint brush, Carol sucked me off in her kitchen and then sent me off to work. The day ended with another blowjob and the potential to fuck my new boss in the ass.
All in all, I was pretty sure I had the best summer job in the entire world.
TO BE CONTINUED.