For those that commented so nicely on my previous Prequel about Chrissy Thank You.
This is the beginning of the story I wrote first. It is quite a long tale and will be slow to edit and tidy but be patient it will come. I hope you will enjoy the story; some chapters are better than others but I hope you will like them all to a degree.
As with my other story's this is set in a fictional world where there are no nasty diseases and no unwanted pregnancy. All Characters are completely fictional and over the age of consent.
I am a total amateur at this and write purely for my own pleasure, I know that my Grammar is not great and there will be mistakes, if that's a problem for you read no further I could use someone to edit these tales but why waste someone else's time.
I welcome comments as long as they are constructive, if you want to leave abusive messages about something offered to you for no charge then also feel free I won't hold it against you, after all the world would be dull without morons to brighten the day.
If my story is so dull to you that you would rather count misplaced comers and wayward punctuation, then why did you bother reading the whole thing just click the little cross and find something better written.
Chapter 2
The following morning, I awoke to the summer sun steaming through the curtains and sea gulls shrieking outside. Glancing at the clock I saw that it was almost 11AM, well it had been a late night. I looked over at Chrissy who had kicked off the covers during the night and was still sleeping, her pert backside was pointing my direction looking as perfect in the sun light as it had last night. I watched her for a while trying to decide if I should start something but didn't feel confident that she would be as willing now that she would be sober.
Not wanting to wake her I slipped quietly out of bed, did my morning ablutions and made a pot of coffee, while I was sipping my hot coffee Chrissy came into the kitchen she was still naked, she looked at me shyly and said good morning with a small smile. I was worried that following last night the alcohol having worn off she was now feeling embarrassed about what had happened, clearly she was not too embarrassed as she was again making no effort to cover herself up nor did she look as though she was in any rush to get dressed. I poured more coffees and we sat at my kitchen table looking out over the beach that we had been playing on only a few hours earlier, the balcony doors were wide open letting in a warm gentle sea breeze.
We sipped our coffee and I could see her looking at me over the rim of her mug, she still looked great even with her hair all over the place from last night. I could sense that she wanted to say something but seemed unsure, after her confidence the night before this was a change, more like the girl I had known before. After a short while she started talking, quietly at first she said, you know I always used to fancy you, but you were with Georgina.
I told her that it would have been wrong back then anyway as she were only just 18, but I did admit to her that I had enjoyed looking at her and commented that I was glad her skirt lengths hadn't changed.
She laughed and said but back then I wore underwear now I never do.
She then explained that she was an exhibitionist and liked to play games when out in public, now I know what exhibitionists are I had just never met one or heard of a female really being one, in my mind it was dirty old men in Mac's flashing in the park not good looking and fit young women. So wanting to know more I asked her what sort of things she did.
Chrissy explained that she mostly chose pubs and clubs as there were plenty of people around and no children, but admitted she often went too far but loved the rush, she had discovered that she got turned on by flashing and being exposed when she had just turned 18 she reminded me of the night out we had, I remembered it well (the full story is in the prequel series). She had played other games as well one time she told me about happened when she had been sat on a bar stool chatting to friends, she had been wearing a short silky dress, because it was so clingy she had gone without any underwear as it had shown through the dresses material. When she had slid off the stool to get her drink her dress had caught and was pulled up flashing her pussy to a couple of lorry drivers sat opposite, the feelings she had then were what got her started along the flashing path, over the years she had pushed her boundaries and promised that I would see what she was like if I stuck around. She told me that last night when she had seen me in the pub she decided that she would make me her next target. I thanked her and said she had made my year, I went into a little of why I had been alone for a year and told her that it must have been fate as I had only recently started to go out socially, with our coffee drunk we had reached a point where neither of us knew what was next.
I was thinking is that it or should I try for more, I was conscious of us being a few years apart in age and didn't want to make an ass of myself, she had just suggested that if I stuck around I would see what she was like. I convinced myself the worst she could do was say no and I would still have some great memories of the night before so I plunged in. I asked that as it was the weekend did she wanted to spend some time together maybe the beach and soak up the sun, but then feeling unsure again said, but if not I understand and I could give you a lift home. I knew her mum lived in a little village away from town, she smiled and said how about both, I need to go home grab some clean clothes and I have something I want to try out on the beach.
We showered and I dressed in beach shorts and a tee shirt I put the roof down on the car and drove her home. Chrissy was only indoors for a few minutes before she reappeared, apparently her mum was out so she had grabbed a bag, left a note and we were off. Chrissy asked if I knew where the warren was, and could we go there, it's a small beach at the bottom of the White cliffs not very far from where we were, so off we set. As we drove Chrissy started stripping in the car, I don't know if anyone could see as we drove and I was wondering what she would do as we approached the busy Saturday traffic near town, smiling she said don't panic just changing for the beach. She slipped on a bikini and a sheer wrap, which came to mid-thigh, and was held by a knot just above her tits, due to the traffic I didn't see much and hadn't really noticed much detail of what she was wearing. Once we were there I parked on a little dirt road on top of the cliffs not far from a caravan site, I grabbed the bag from the back seat and got out of the car.
When Chrissy got out my jaw dropped, the wrap was very sheer, but more than that the way it was worn meant it covered her boobs but was then gapping open, so covered very little of her front, that was good but the bikini bottoms now exposed where something else, it was tiny there wasn't really enough material to completely cover her pussy and the material was black netting, I could see the flesh of her pussy pushing through the holes in the mesh, it hid absolutely nothing. Seeing my face as I looked with disbelief at what I was seeing she laughed and said don't worry I will pull the wrap closed if anyone comes along. That seamed ok to me so off we set for the walk down to the bottom of the cliffs already adjusting my shorts which were again too tight.
At times the path narrowed, so we could only go single file, from behind I could clearly see through the wrap and could see the back of her bikini was only string. As we were rounding a bend in the path, we met a couple of lads maybe 18 or so years old I was expecting Chrissy to cover herself but she didn't, instead she carried on, waved and said "hi". Once we were passed them she looked back at me and said, I'm only covering up for kids and old couples, other than that I have researched on line and I am doing nothing illegal as I am covered.
OK I said that sounds fun lets go. We eventually arrived at the beach which with us being late was fairly busy, it's a little remote so it was not completely packed and due to the walk and strap path there were no families with children that had made the walk down, they usually stuck to the more accessible beaches back near town. We walked a bit further along the beach until we found a spot that was not too crowded, we spread out our towels and sat down. Once we had set I looked around us, we had a group of teenagers above us maybe a few metres away, below us lower down the beach maybe 4 meters away was a young couple. She was on her back and looked pretty good, and he was laid on his stomach looking in our general direction it was difficult to be sure because of his shades, out of the corner of my eye I saw Chrissy lay back on her towel.
I turned to look down at her as she undid the knot on her wrap and let it fall to each side, the top of her bikini was the same as the bottom black net and a few sizes too small, her apparently permanently hard nipples were poking through the mesh. As I was sat looking down at her I realised that she may as well have been naked for all her bikini covered. I couldn't lay back as my cock was currently tenting my beach shorts, so I sat up trying to hide my hard-on and enjoyed the view. I wasn't the only one looking the guy below us had edged over slightly and was now perfectly placed to look up between Chrissy's very long legs, I smiled to myself realising I had the better view as with her legs together there was no way he could see that much.
After a few minutes Chrissy reached into her bag, and passed me some sun screen, and I dutifully started to rub some in, a little like last night in the kebab shop I was conscious that we were in public, although this time we were out on the beach in broad daylight and both sober. I worked my way up her legs avoiding any naughty bits, as I reached her neck and shoulders she said you missed some important areas you wouldn't want me to burn would you?
I was unsure how far this was going but swallowed and slipped my hands under her tiny top to rub the sun cream in, one hand cupping each full firm breast. Chrissy appeared to be enjoying this treatment and the guy below us was now getting a much better view, as her legs had relaxed and parted a little, not much but I think he could now see the bikini string disappearing between her lips. Chrissy whispered that I had another area I had missed, I pulled my hands from under her top as I did one side snagged my ring and pulled her bikini top to the side exposing her nipple, I was about to quickly re position her top when she hissed leave it pretend you haven't noticed. I squirted a liberal dose of sun cream into my palm and subtly slipped below her waist band, her bikini bottom being already very small eased sideways as I rubbed the cream into her mound, with very slippery fingers slipping between her legs I felt my fingers dip into her pussy, peering down at the guy below I knew he now had the best view as he could now see my fingers parting her slippery flesh. Now knowing the game she was playing I eased the bikini string to the side and using my fingertips spread her pussy lips apart opening them wide and giving the guy below a good look at her wet pussy before slowly removing my hand.
Now as I was looking down at her I could see that she was laid out with her right breast completely exposed, her left nipple was poking through the bikini mesh, and her bikini bottoms were off to one side leaving her pussy fully exposed. I felt sure that by now the guy below had to be digging a hole in the sand with his cock I know I was rock hard, my shorts doing little to hide my rock hard cock. Chrissy was looking flushed and horny as hell, looking around us I saw that no one else had noticed her bikini bottom as only the guy below us was looking from the right direction, but from behind my sun glasses I could see some had noticed the escaped nipple.
After a while Chrissy rolled over and I creamed her back, as requested I undid the knots holding her bikini top in place, she pulled it from beneath her and placed it to the side, I was enjoying rubbing the cream into her bottom, again slipping my fingers into her wet slot, as I glanced down to the guy below, I realised that his wife had now turned over and wasn't looking overly impressed with what I was doing, I stopped and lay face down next to Chrissy.
As we lay there chatting she propped herself up on her elbows, she had lifted herself enough that I could now see her tits and so could the group above us if they looked. Have you ever been to a nude beach? Chrissy asked, I replied no but you are very close to making this beach nude with how little you are now wearing. Well there is apparently an unofficial nude beach further down the coast she explained that she had looked on line and it was about another 30 minutes' walk towards Dover, fancy going for a look? She asked.
Why not I said, thinking there may be even more to see there, I started to pack away my towel while trying to hide the hard lump in my shorts. Chrissy wasn't as subtle she stood up with her tits bare and retied her wrap, without the bikini top it left nothing to the imagination at all her hard nipples were poking the sheer cloth and plainly visible. She surprised me then, sitting down to pull her shoes on, she wrapped her towel loosely around her waist and slipped her bikini bottoms off, they joined her top in my bag.
We walked up the beach towards the concrete walkway at the top of the beach every male eye watched her pointy nipples as she went. Once we had reached the walkway, we turned right towards Dover, with a quick glance around Chrissy pulled off her towel and stuffed it into the bag. She was now wearing only the sheer wrap which parted with every step exposing her from pussy up to the knot above her tits, there were loads of people around as the afternoon was bright and sunny.
We walked towards the nude beach hand in hand, Chrissy made no attempt to cover herself. We passed one young couple and we could hear the woman's comments as they walked away, Chrissy laughed and said do you agree that I'm a dirty slut?
Smiling I said yes I do but not in a bad way, most men if they are honest want a woman that has the morals of a man.
Chrissy started to talk she said she needed to let me know what I may be in for while we were together. I was still thinking that this was going to be a short fun thing and that Chrissy would soon be bored of me and once the novelty had worn off she would move on. I was happy to enjoy whatever this amazing woman was offering, as she chatted I watched her mostly naked body, her muscles flexing as she walked her figure was perfect, rounded in all the right places her firm tits bouncing as she walked, her smooth pussy exposed to the world, she told me that the exposure was only a small part of her life, she enjoyed it immensely but had a sex drive that was insatiable, she said that she hoped I wouldn't have a problem with it but she liked to have sex as often as possible. The reason she was single now was because she had found no one who could put up with her outlook on life, she made no apologies and finished by telling me that she would like to have someone she could rely on to look after her when needed but most of all to share in her experiences, they will get wild but that's what I like she finished.
We were moving away from the popular warren beach and we saw less and less people the further we went, we kissed and cuddled a few times, during the walk but eventually arrived at the end of the concrete walk way. There were some steps down onto a long shingle beach, looking along the beach I was surprised to see that there were quite few people there, maybe 50 or so, on a long beach it was far from over crowded but I hadn't expected to see this many nudists.
As soon as we hit the shingle Chrissy pulled off her wrap and walked along the shore line naked. Looking around I could see that the majority of the nudist seemed to be men, most of them were very brown, they peeped up at the naked young woman as we walked along the beach. We continued along the beach before veering off up towards the base of the cliff, we settled down in a clear area with no one very close, this time as Chrissy lay back and passed the sun cream she was completely naked. Now I'm not shy but I was reluctant to lose my shorts, mainly due to my cock being hard enough to break rocks with but rubbing cream into naked female flesh seemed like a good thing to do, so I set to work massaging the cream into every inch of the naked body spread out in front of me.
Strangely as I worked my way up her legs rubbing in the cream there appeared to be a magnetic attraction as the guys on the beach all gradually got closer and closer. Some were subtle slowly edging closer one brazenly picked up his towel strode down the beach and positioned himself below Chrissy, much in the same way the previous guy had he now had a clear line of view, up between Chrissy's legs, unlike the previous guy Chrissy was now naked and he was considerably closer, if he reached up he could have touched her toes.
We now had twelve guys all within a few metres, one very close as I said, they weren't even pretending not to look they stared in fact, she did look good, naked with her smooth pussy shining in the sun. She pulled me in for a kiss, her left hand behind my head, her tongue pushed between my lips and we kissed hard, this is the sort of thing I mean she whispered, just go with the flow.
She kissed me again and I saw her right hand moving out of view but continued to kiss her, feeling her squirming below me I broke off and looked down, she was playing with herself and really going for it now, I glanced around the collective audience, all had their eyes riveted to her pussy, and they were all openly wanking.
Chrissy was really putting on a show, spreading her lips and giving them a view of her pink glistening hole, the guy below was on his knees between her feet now wanking furiously his hand a blur. Chrissy parted her knees as far as they would go, her pussy gapping and she trembled and bucked as she came stifling her scream by biting her lip, looking up she smiled at her audience, some had come in their hand or on the pebbles, the guy closest and with the best view was still stroking his cock and staring at her pussy, Chrissy looked at the guy then at me, fuck me she said to me.
"On the beach now?" I asked.
Fuck yes just do it she said as she got on all fours, her bum in the air I slid round behind her pulled out my swollen cock and pushed deep into her wet pussy taking her by the hips. I noticed that by getting on her knees she was even closer to the wanking guy, as I thrust into her my balls bouncing off her she grasped the guys cock and guided him into her mouth, as I fucked her I forced her mouth to take all of his cock She was moaning and even though she was being fucked roughly in the mouth there was no sign of her gagging I could feel her cunt gripping my cock as she came again, she seemed to be loving the rough treatment. I was now pounding into her cunt her mouth was full of cock I could see he too was now balls deep and must have been fucking her throat, it was too much for me I came so hard I felt like I was turning inside out. As I thrust hard the last few times I felt Chrissy come again, beach man pulled out from her mouth and shot his load in her face, with murmurs of thank you, and fuck that was hot the guys assuming the entertainment was over moved back to their towels. Chrissy once she had recovered a little, stood up her legs were still trembling, she walked down to the sea with spunk covering her face and running down her legs, I had never seen anything sexier than her at that moment.
Once she had cleaned up and refreshed herself with a swim, she came back to the towels, sat down and said look we do need to talk. I was still fully expecting the look it's been great but, speech but instead she told me, that was not the first time she had done something like that and she would continue to do it weather I agreed or not, she was concerned I would be upset by her behaviour but she had loved every moment. She had intended getting naked and the playing with herself had been the plan all along to see how I reacted the rest was just in the moment but she said that sort of thing happened with her all of the time and had been very tame when compared to some of her adventures, she had intended a mild introduction to her lifestyle but had as normal gotten carried away. I showed her my still hard cock and told her I have never been so turned on, I thought Friday night had been hot but today had been spectacular.
We chatted about all sorts of random things for a while before Chrissy blurted out, do you want to make this more than a fling? Looking at her naked and wet from the sea I couldn't think of anything I would rather do, as I told her yes she smiled kissed me and said that there are some conditions,
"Which are?" I asked.
Well she said, I will get myself in some outrageous predicaments at times, I may get arrested and sometimes you may feel I am going too far, these things are my choice you must be able to support me, and help me not hinder. I want my sex life to be extreme and will push the boundaries of what's right and wrong, if you can't handle this at any point move on I will not change so don't ever think you will change me, I am much more likely to get worse than better behaved. I want you to take charge sometimes, push my boundaries test my limits in any way you can think of, I want to live life to the full and have fun and I don't care what anyone else thinks!
"OK" I said, "but you do need to tell me how far I should go or shouldn't go."
I will do absolutely anything you ask" she replied I will probably take your ideas further than you planned though, I leave it in your hands to try and not get me arrested but I will do as you wish at all times.
Now that sounds great but did she mean it? "OK I replied there is one rule I also have or it won't work and that is that you can never say no, if I ask you to strip you do no matter what, no matter where you have to trust me that I will keep you safe, is that Ok?"
Chrissy laughed and said, you don't know the half of it yet, tell you what I often go out with a few friends and hangers on Friday nights, it often gets out of hand but will give you some idea of what spending time with me will be like.
As we left the nude beach walking back toward the car, Chrissy reached for her wrap, not finding it I smiled patted my bag and said I would give it back later. We walked back slowly making plans for new adventures, hatching ideas. She told me again that she expected to be pushed and that she would be disappointed if I didn't try to make things interesting, the evening was closing in not yet dark but the beach we had started out on was mostly empty. Only a few people were left and a few were leaving as we past, I think Chrissy had forgotten she was naked as we walked arm in arm chatting, there were a few that did notice though, one man nearly rode his bike off the walkway as he looked backwards at her naked back side.
We got back to the car without Chrissy dressing and she happily got into the car naked, I set off for home busily planning future adventures.