When I returned home from dropping Bradley off at the studio, Carla had showered and was wrapped in a towel waiting for me in the bedroom. She immediately started apologizing for what had happened on the bed during the photo shoot.
"I am so embarrassed that I masturbated in front of you and Bradley," she said. "I just got so horny. I promise it will never happen again. I can't believe he got photos of me with my fingers in my pussy and then having an orgasm. He will probably not want me to be his model. I don't think I can ever look him in the eyes again."
"You don't need to apologize me or to Bradley," I said. "We both thoroughly enjoyed your being so free and open and enjoying your body. I have never seen you so horny or sexy. You were beautiful."
She said, "Bradley made me feel so at ease in front of the camera that I just wanted to please him. He made me very horny and after all of his and his camera's attention, I needed to cum so badly."
Carla continued, "I have heard several models say that their relationship with their photographer and his camera made them feel that they wanted to fuck. I think I was having that feeling."
I said, "While you were fingering yourself and having your orgasm, you never took your eyes off Bradley."
Carla said, "I don't want you to be upset with me. I only love you."
I said, "I am not upset in any way, just the opposite, I am very proud of you being able to open up and be so free with your sexuality. I was surprised at how I felt with you naked in front of another man; it had me turned on like never before."
She said, "But I've been naked before in front of a few of our friends."
I said, "But never like this. I was so turned on watching you move around and do the different poses; you were so natural and at ease. When you were modeling in the shower, you were so erotic with your movements. When you were on the bed and you told Bradley to pull the sheet off as you were massaging your clit, I wanted to tell Bradley to get in bed with you and fuck you, hard. I would have taken photos of you both enjoying each other."
Carla said, "I would never let that happen."
"Just like you said you never take of your bottoms for the camera," I said. "I think you would definitely like to fuck him, and I am okay with that."
"Maybe I did think about," she said, then smiled and winked at me.
She stood up, dropped her towel, and kissed me long and hard with her tongue going crazy against mine.
She said, "But I do want you to fuck me. Hard!"
We got on the bed and I went down to her wet pussy. I tongued her until she had her first orgasm, then I put my shaft deep inside her until we both came. We showered and went to dinner, we were both starved.
I had to leave town on business for a few days. When I returned Carla said that Bradley had called. She repeated their conversation to me.
Bradley had told her, "Stephane loved the photo shoot. "He wants you to be the model for the project."
She replied, "I'm sorry I got so carried away in the photo shoot. I hoped you haven't sent all the pictures to Stephane."
He said, "I only sent the good ones. Some were not clear because you was shaking so much."
Carla asked, "Did you send any of those of me on the bed?"
He said, "Yes, I did."
She gasped and said, "Oh, no. And he still wants me to model for him?"
Bradley said, "Stephane and I definitely want you to it, if you still want to."
"I really would love to do the project," she said. "I promise I won't get so carried away again."
He said, "You were the perfect model for this photo shoot. What makes you so perfect is how you can just let go and become a free spirit to do your best poses. We will have a lot of fun with this project."
After she finished relating their conversation, I said, "It sounds like this is going to happen for you. What is the next step?"
Carla said, "He said that he would call Stephane and let him know that I would do the modeling and would get a time line from him. Bradley also said that he would call us as soon as he had more information."
We went to our favorite restaurant for dinner. As usual Carla was dressed very sexily and looked very beautiful. When we talked about her modeling career, she was so excited.
I asked, "Are you sure you want to go through with this?"
She said, "Absolutely. While you were gone I gave this a great deal of thought and I am ready to proceed."
I asked, "Are you going to be totally naked or are going to keep your bottoms on?"
"You saw what happened last time," she said. "You will just have to wait and see", then gave me a big smile.
"This modeling job of yours would more than likely get out to our friends," I said.
"I am not worried that the photos could get out to our friends," she said. "The men will love them and the women will... just have to get over it. I can deal with it. I have mentioned this offer to Debbie and she thinks it will be great fun. I also mentioned how good looking Bradley is and she has already volunteered to pose with me."
Bradley called a few days later and gave Carla an update on the project.
"Stephane was excited that you are doing the project," he told her. "He is going to send a professional photographer and his team from Paris to do some of the photography work. This photographer will work for me."
"Do you know this photographer?" Carla asked.
"No, but I researched him and he is world renowned. He is going to bring his assistant and a makeup artist," Bradley said. "This really good news. The makeup artist will also do a video of the photo sessions, when he isn't working on your makeup."
Carla asked, "When is this going to happen?"
Bradley said, "It will be two to three weeks before the team arrives. In the meantime, you should work on your tan."
"What's wrong with my tan?" she asked.
"Stephane does not want any tan lines," he said. "He also mentioned that you should keep your pubic area trimmed close. I will let you know more in a few days."
After this call, Carla was little upset that now there would be Bradley plus three others for the photo shoot.
"Don't worry about it. This is a professional photo team. They do this all the time, plus you will get used to it quickly," I said. "Do you want me to leave while they do the photos, that will be one less person?"
She said, "I want you here. Bradley said this could take up to two weeks more. If I am going to be naked for the next few weeks I want you here at least until I get comfortable with these new people."
I had to be in Miami several times the next two weeks to clear my calendar for the photo shoot. Every time I flew back to St. Maarten and arrived home, Carla was out by the pool sunning naked. Her bush was trimmed down until it was almost gone.
I asked, "Carla, what have you been doing when the pool boy and the gardener come by?"
She smiled and said, "Nothing. They don't seem to mind. It seems to be helping my self confidence with being totally naked in front of people."
I said, "Normally when the pool boy and the gardener came, if you are out by the pool, you would be topless. I think that's why with our gardens and pool always looking perfect."
She laughed and said, "Debbie and I have been sunning together and the guys didn't seem to mind her being naked either."
The next morning Carla suggested, "Let's go to the beach and sun today."
I said, "Okay." I love the beach almost as much as Carla.
She said, "Bring your camera, so I can practice posing."
Carla drove us to Orient Beach, which is our favorite French beach. Orient is topless, but also does have some areas where you can be nude. When we arrived we went to the beach club that we always go to, got our lounge chairs, and got ready to relax. As we settled into our spot, Carla took off her cover up and was topless just like always, no big deal.
She turned toward me and asked, "Do you like my new Wicked Weasel thong?"
They were white, totally sheer with a seam down the middle. The thong's seam went perfectly across her vulva seam. It was tight enough to create a camel toe that showed her off nicely. She was really sexy with her improved tan, with no tan lines showing anywhere.
I said, "I like it. Very small and, of course, sexy."
"I'm glad you like it. I ordered a few new thongs," she said. "I thought this one would be good for the photo shoot with Bradley."
We sunned for a while, then ordered lunch to be brought to our lounge chairs. We had them bring an umbrella, so we could eat in the shade. We had a couple glasses of wine before our food arrived. Carla usually puts her coverup on before we eat, but not today. The server brought our third glasses of wine after lunch and sat there enjoying the shade and scenery.
After our glasses of wine were gone, Carla said, "Let's walk the beach. Bring your camera."
We walked to the end of the beach and, when we turned around to head back, Carla said, "I want you to take some pictures of me modeling in this thong. I want to see how it looks for the camera."
I said, "I think the people on the beach already like how it looks on you, as do I."
She started doing poses for me in front of several onlookers.
One guy walked up and said, "I want a picture with this beautiful lady."
Carla went up to him, put her arm around his shoulder, and rubbed her tit into him.
She smiled and said, "How's this?"
The guy loved it. I could she had a little too much wine.
We walked further back up the beach.
She said, "Take some pictures of me wet, so I can see how this thong does."
She went in the surf and did several poses. As she came out of the surf, water was running down her big, tanned tits, she looked great. When she came up on shore, her white thong with the seam down the front was totally transparent. As she walked the beach, her camel toe and her shaved pubic area were clearly visible.
She said, "How does this look?"
I said, "Beautiful, like the thong's not even there."
I was taking pictures as fast as I could and added, "Now let go and give me some good poses. You are getting really good at posing."
"Carla, you are looking great," I said. "Why don't you take off your thong for the camera?"
She said, "You know how I feel about that, besides there are too many people around."
There were probably ten or twelve people that had gathered near us.
I said, "They would enjoy it."
One couple that had been watching the whole time said, "Yes, we would."
Carla looked at me for approval. I could tell that wine had really revved her up. I smiled at her with approval. She put her thumbs in the sides of her thong, pulled it off, and threw it at me. The crowd applauded.
She said, "Get some pictures."
I pocketed the thong and then took about fifty photos, while she did some very erotic poses with her legs spread for the camera and the crowd.
She asked, "Where is that guy that I did a photo with a while ago?"
He said, "Here I am."
She said, "Come over here."
She had me take some pictures with him. He had a huge erection by the time Carla walked away from him.
We walked back to our lounge chairs and laid down. She never asked for her thong back, so I kept it in my pocket. She just laid there naked for anyone that wanted to look and there were a lot of lookers.
I said, "Your tan is getting really good."
She said, "Thanks, but I think I need a little more on my pussy."
She spread her legs wide open. When we decided it was time to leave, she put on her coverup, which only covered about half of her butt. When the wind blew, you could see her bare pussy. I could tell she liked it.
When we arrived at the car, she said, "You drive."
I put the top down and starting driving toward home. She put her seat belt on, which pulled her coverup above her narrow waist.
She looked down at herself, then looked over at me and said, "Do you like what you see?"
I said, "Yes, I do, and so does everyone else looking in."
Carla said, "Do you want me to cover up?"
I said, "No, let them look."
She smiled and said, "Okay!"
When we got home, she said, "That made me terribly horny. I want you to fuck me."
We had another great sex session.
After we showered Carla said, "We need to talk."
I poured each of us a glass of wine and we went to the patio to talk.
Carla asked, "Are your sure okay with all of this?"
I said, "All of what?"
"Me doing this photo shoot naked, me running around on the beach naked, me being so open and horny all the time," she said. "What if something would happen and I would lose control again and fuck Bradley?"
I said, "I want you to be at ease with all of this. These are your decisions. I am okay with what ever you decide to do. You are a stunning, sexy woman that is horny all the time. We have never had better sex, I love it. Go for it!"
Carla said, "I just want you to know how much I love you and would not do this if you didn't want me to. I think you need realize that there are going to be a lot of people that see my body. My most private parts from every angle. The photo crew, the bystanders on the beach, and most of our friends will end up seeing my photos."
"I love you. If you can do it, I certainly can handle it," I said. "Just let loose and have fun!"
A week later, Bradley called again.
He said, "It will be another week before the crew arrives from Paris."
"That will be fine," she said. "I will just keep working on my tan. I have a friend that I would like for you to meet. Her name is Debbie. She said that if you need a second woman to model with me, she would be willing."
"It will be nice to meet her, but I don't think I will need another model," Bradley said. "We need to plan a cocktail party either here or in Key West."
Carla said, "I think here is best. I will call you for lunch and we can discuss the party. That will also give you a chance to meet Debbie.
He said, "Great, call me."
A few days later I had a conference call at 10am. When I was done I went to the pool to talk with Carla. To my surprise Debbie was there sunning with Carla. They were both talking with the gardener about trimming the bushes for the photo shoot. Both Carla and Debbie had on thongs, and both were topless. The gardener couldn't take his eyes off of their tits. Debbie is a beautiful woman, though not as tall as Carla and slightly heavier. She has huge, natural tits that she loves to show. When Debbie and Carla go to the beach together, it is quite a show. Debbie's husband, Jeff, is a great guy. He travels a lot so the two girls spend a lot of time together. She is a great companion for Carla and I like her too, especially her body, which she loves to show off.
Carla said, "I invited Bradley and Debbie for lunch tomorrow, will you join us?"
I said, "I am playing golf early, then have a conference call at noon in my office."
The next day, when I returned from playing golf, I went directly to my office for my call. I sat at my desk, which looks out over our pool and patio. At the pool, having lunch and a couple bottles of wine, was Bradley, Carla, and Debbie. They were laughing and talking. The three of them were seated around the table. The girls were topless and I noticed that Bradley had brought his camera case. When they finished lunch, the girls cleaned up the table and took the dishes to the kitchen. I went in the kitchen to say hello, Carla asked me to open another bottle of wine, which I did, then went back to my call. My office french doors were open, so I could hear and see them out by the pool.
Carla poured them each another glass of wine and said, "Bradley, Debbie wants to model for you, so if need be you could send her photos to Stephane, just in case there is a need for another model."
"I told you that Stephane was only looking for one model," Bradley said.
He then thoughtfully added, "Hmmm, I'll take some shots and send them. We'll see what he thinks. Why don't we start with some poses of the two of you together in the hot tub?"
The girls got in the hot tub and got good and wet.
After he had taken some shots, Bradley said, "Stand up."
They both popped up, showing their wet, dripping tits.
"Beautiful," he said. "Now move around in different poses, so I can take more shots of you."
Debbie bent over and sucked Carla's tit. Her sensitive nipples became erect immediately. They played with each others boobs for a few shots.
Bradley said, "Okay, out of the tub and grab your towels."
They dried off.
He told them, "To go to the lounge chairs and get rid of the towels."
When they dropped their towels, they had taken off their thongs as well, so were both totally naked. They laid back on the lounge chairs and spread their legs wide for the camera. By this point I had decided that the two girls had talked about this beforehand. Bradley had a huge hard on pressing against his shorts. Debbie had no hair on her pussy at all. Carla had told me that she had it removed by electrolysis several years ago. They both just laid there, legs spread wide, while he took all the photos he wanted.
Bradley said, "Debbie, let's do some shots of just you."
She did several poses for him, then she grabbed her nipples and pulled on them. I could tell he was getting really horny from her nipple play, and attention from Bradley's camera. Jeff had also been gone all week. Her pussy lips were pink and swollen.
Bradley said, "I think I have enough."
Debbie said, "You need just a few more."
She went over and gave Carla a big wet kiss with tongue, then moved down to her nipples, down to Carla's stomach, and went on licking, stopping only to start sucking on her pussy. From the window, I could tell her tongue had found Carla's clit. Carla made no effort to resist. She just spread her legs and closed her eyes and started playing with her nipples as Debbie continued to tend to Carla's clit. This went on for about five minutes while Bradley shifted positions, taking pictures from every angle.
Debbie turned around to Bradley and said, "Put down that camera and come over here."
She unzipped his shorts and pulled them down. Out popped his huge, swollen cock. She knelt down in front of him, looked up at his face, and smiled.
Debbie said, "Oh, I want to taste your cock."
She tilted her head down to his throbbing cock, wrapped both hands around his shaft, and started licking and sucking in his shaft before she took him deep into her mouth.
"Ahhhh," he moaned loudly as his length slid into her waiting mouth.
She wrapped one arm around him and held onto his ass and left her other hand on his shaft to stroke and guide it between her lips. He started pushing on Debbie's head, his hips moving in time with his thrusts into her mouth. Carla got up, stood right next to him, and started running her tongue in and out of his mouth. She placed one hand on his other ass cheek and her other hand cupped his balls; her hands following their rhythm.
"Mmmm", Bradley moaned into her mouth.
He started playing with Carla's nipples. I know her nipples are very sensitive, so that must have been getting her revved up. She began humping her pussy against his thigh furiously. Soon I could see a shiny line growing below her ass as the juice from her pussy started its way down his leg. Bradley stood there on the patio, held captive by the two girls, although probably loving every second.
"Ohhh, fuck," he groaned into Carla's mouth as he came in Debbie's mouth. She swallowed all she could of his cum, as she milked his shaft with her hand. The rest ran down to her huge tits and clung there, too thick to drip off the bottom curve of her tits.
While Bradley was cumming in Debbie's mouth, Carla had stopped riding his thigh and had her pussy pressed against his leg. Soon after he came, I could see her hips rolling as she moaned into her orgasm.
He was totally spent. Before Debbie rose, she licked the last of his cum off his softening shaft, then with a girl on each side, they each gave him a last kiss, then they kissed each other in front of him, went back to their chairs, and picked up their wine glasses, clinked them together, and had a drink of wine. Bradley pulled up his shorts and went off to clean up, while they relaxed and laughed after their enjoyable labors.
I heard Carla say, "Debbie, I think it worked. He will have you posing for him again."
Bradley came back out, took a drink of wine, and asked, "Debbie, would mind taking me back to the studio?"
I could tell he was terribly embarrassed. Debbie got up, finished her wine, put on her cover up, but nothing else. Carla tied her corverup around her waist and walked with them, topless, to the car. She kissed Debbie goodbye, went to Bradley, and gave him tongue while rubbing her tits all over him.
After they had left, Carla came into my office and said, "Did you see all of that?"
I smiled and said, "Yes, that was quite a show."
She laughed and said, "Well, what do you think?"
I said, "I think you girls had it all planned to get Bradley to put Debbie in the photo shoot."
Carla smiled and said, "Do you think it worked?"
I said, "I think she is in."
She said, "Speaking of in... She is going to take him to her house and fuck him crazy."
I said, "What about Jeff?"
"He won't be home for a couple of days," she said. "He is fucking his girlfriend in Ft. Lauderdale!
That evening after dinner we went out to the pool for a cocktail and a swim.
I asked, "Are you going to fuck Bradley?"
Carla said, "Joe, the only way I will is if you tell me you want me too."
She smiled, winked at me, and added, "But right now I want you to play with these," grabbing and holding up her bare tits.
She said, "I am going to give you the best fucking you have ever experienced."
She took my cock out of my shorts and slipped it into her mouth, I played with her nipples while she licked and sucked me to a huge erection. I inserted my penis into her open pussy as she moaned with pleasure we both came very hard and quickly. She had a powerful orgasm. It had been a long day.
A few days later Bradley stopped by in his rental car.
"Carla, I'm sorry, but Stephane wasn't interested in Debbie modeling," he said. "It would be okay for her to be at the photo sessions and she could help with some of the poses, but not be part of the shots themselves."
Bradley went on to lay out the plan for the project that Stephane had sent to him:
1) photos of her and me at a cocktail party
2) photos of the villa, gardens, and pool
3) photos of her in business attire
4) photos of her in casual attire
5) photos of her in a conservative swim suit
6) photos of her topless at the villa and beach
7) photos of her nude at the villa and beach
Bradley said, "We talked about the cocktail party, remember? Do you have everything planned for it?"
She said, "Yes, the invitations have gone out. It's scheduled for next Friday evening. Caterers have been hired, as well as severs and bartenders. We invited about forty couples."
Bradley said, "Great. The crew should be here on Wednesday. It looks like we are ready to get started. Are you going to be okay with the total nudity?"
She said, "I am still struggling with that, but I have going to the beach early each morning and walking in the sand nude. I have enjoyed showing my naked body to you because you are an artist. This is just another art project for you. I'm still not sure about being nude around the photo crew. I have found that a little wine always helps me relax."
Bradley said, "I will make sure we have plenty of wine for all of us."
Stay turned for Part III.
Thanks to Brad.32 for his editing