It was Steve! Crap!
"Um... we see that you don't have anyone else... um... engaging you right now," said Kyle's voice, "We're hoping that we can... um... have some pats with you before the end of the... um... reception."
Oh fuck! Claire thought. Of course they're not with the investors. What do I do now?
"We've noticed that you've been charging $20 per minute per person," Steve said. They must have been hanging around watching her get groped all over her naked body. Oh, God! She couldn't reasonably say no. Now three of her best friends were about to grope her naked body. "We've got $260 in credits. If we do four minutes at the same time, you could have them all."
Claire's mind raced, trying to think of a way out. I'm naked. My friends are going to pay me to fondle my naked body. Oh God! The only thing worse would be them figuring out that it's me.
Claire had continued to face forward, purposely not looking at them to avoid them getting a good look at her face.
"Arf," she said and gave them a wag. What other choice did she have?
Claire looked down while she said "woof!" 26 times to register the price, getting a short pulse of anal vibration after each one as the operating system confirmed the entry. That would be the $200 that they'd been given by Dr. Narashaki, plus they must have bought a $20 credit each.
She said "arf," again when she was done, and Russel, Steve and Kyle transferred the credits.
And then it began. Russel was the most tentative and he hadn't said a word. He was SUCH a great guy! This couldn't be happening! This was all so crazy and awful!
And she was still SO damned horny.
All three of her friends started touching her bare skin. They quickly all got more enthusiastic. One of them was going to start stroking her under her chin soon, Claire thought, she'd have to look up. They were guys and they were all focused on the naked girl they were groping. Could they do four minutes of this without them recognizing her?
Claire lifted her head just enough to see them with her peripheral vision.
Oh dear God, NO! She thought. They all had the glasses on!
Claire's augmented reality glasses.
The collaborative augmented reality project that Claire was working on with her team involved receiving visual data from multiple sources, processing it, creating a shared augmented reality feature, transmitting it back to the glasses and projecting it so they all saw and interacted with the same thing.
The main challenge was latency, and the biggest part of that was getting and processing the multiple sources of visual data so that the augmented reality features could be transmitted fast enough to be experienced in real time. Claire and her team had given out what were essentially modified spy glasses to their friends. They'd said, whenever you're going out together, wear the glasses. Everything they saw was being transmitted to their servers to be rendered.
Claire's bare pussy and her ass, currently penetrated by a butt-plug, were being rendered back in her lab as a 3D collaborative augmented reality ready environment.
She did her very best to control the panic that was surging in her.
"I... um... really like how naturally you wag the... um... Veritail, Bubbles," Kyle said. "It's almost like it's... um... part of you."
Claire hadn't even realized she was wagging. The gentle sway of her hips and how the Veritail responded soothed her.
It was a Saturday night, so chances were good that nobody on her team was paying attention to the feed. Dear God, Claire hoped that was the case. As soon as she got home, she would be getting on her terminal and deleting that data. The others would ask her why. She'd have to make something up or figure out a way to cover her tracks.
"That last group of guys didn't seem very respectful," Russel said. Claire's heart fluttered a bit to hear his voice. She took note that he had said something kind, even though he had one hand on the bare skin of her rib-cage just below her left breast, and the other on her naked left hip. He must think the woman he's groping is an incredible slut.
That would be me, Claire thought. And again she was reminded of how intensely horny she was.
"Yeah, if they had been any worse, I'd have stepped in," Steve said. "I mean if you had growled at them, Bubbles. And, you know, the security guys hadn't come right away."
It touched Claire that they were still actually including her in the conversation like she wasn't just a pet dog.
"Um, I'm not sure they would have even noticed your attack, Steve," Russel said.
"Hey, I know Crag Mcgraw," Steve countered. Russel and Kyle laughed. This was a stupid joke that Steve had repeated many, many times, purposely referring to a non-existent martial art.
Claire cracked a smile and almost laughed out loud.
Fuck! She thought. That was so close! Not only would laughing at that stupid joke give her away, they'd have almost certainly recognized her laughter.
They were bound to find out it was her. It could happen at any second. What could she do?
"My dog Lester loves a good tummy rub," Kyle said. "I don't suppose you'd like a tummy rub would you, Bubbles?"
"Jesus, Kyle," Russel said, "you can't ask that. Sorry Bubbles!"
Kyle wasn't the first one to ask, and no, it wasn't appropriate for her to roll on her back naked in front of a group of men. Claire had said "grrrr," every time she'd been asked, and she was about to say it again. Then she thought about how that might be just the distraction she needed. They would have a completely different view of her naked body to keep their attention for the remaining time.
"Arf!" Claire said and wagged her tail. She then lowered herself down and rolled over.
Claire lifted her hands up so that her paw mittens were obscuring her face, but she made sure that her elbows were wide enough apart that her three friends had unobstructed access to her tits.
All three of her friends jaws hung open for a moment while they took in this new view of Claire's naked body.
"Thank you, Bubbles!" Steve said.
Her nipples were harder than they'd ever been in her life.
She hadn't thought about what she'd do with her legs and she found that, if she didn't curl her hips forward a bit, the tail would be pressing against the ground in a way that the butt-plug might pop out. That would be truly awful.
The position that didn't put pressure on the Veritail also allowed her to wiggle her hips enough to generate a wag. Claire had her knees bent, a bit forward and far enough apart that her friends could easily get their hands on her bare chest, stomach and abdomen.
Her friends were now seated at the table. With her on her back, legs in the air and spread quite wide apart, she gave them a very up close and explicit view of her very wet pussy, and although they didn't reach to touch it, it definitely caught their attention.
It wasn't easy to wag the Veritail in that position, but Claire managed it. That caught their attention, too.
"I am amazed at how well this thing works," Steve said. "Did either of you guys have any idea that this was how our work was being applied?"
"Yeah, no," Russel said, "the gang is going to be blown away when we tell them. Claire's not going to believe it."
Russel singling her out and saying her name was like a bolt of electricity in her.
"She will when she sees it... um... in action!" Kyle said.
There was a brief silent moment during which Russel and Steve glared at Kyle. Claire realized right away that this was because Kyle was referring to the fact that it was all being recorded by the glasses, but Kyle saying that in front of Bubbles was really stupid.
"Um..." Kyle said, "this thing is going to be on the shelves in, like... um... a week. We'll be able to find footage of it... um... in action in no time..."
Good save, Claire thought, sarcastically, and forced herself to not roll her eyes.
Claire's three friends stopped talking for a bit. They all focused on enjoying fondling her completely naked body.
That wasn't the best thing for Claire. The quiet let her remember the intense horniness that had been building all evening. She could feel the penetration of the slightly inflated butt-plug inside her and how great it felt as the tail wagged in response to her moving her hips side to side. The wagging was almost involuntary now.
Steve had started playing with her tits. Kyle was on the other side and he joined Steve so that they had a hand fondling one each. Kyle's other hand was on Claire's thigh.
Russel had one hand on Claire's abdomen and his other hand on her other thigh. Both Kyle and Russel started moving their hands, caressing up and down her thigh to her ass, stopping to squeeze
"Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm," she said.
"Is something wrong?" Russel asked. "I know what the barks and the growl mean, but what does a whine mean?"
"Dude," Steve said, "I think it means she likes what we're doing."
"Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm," Claire repeated.
"I... um... don't understand," Kyle said. "How does that relate to the... um... Vertitail OS?"
Steve rolled his eyes. "No. I think it means she LIKES what we're doing."
"Hmmm, hmmm, hmmm," Claire said more insistently.
"Oh." Kyle and Russel both said.
"Ohhhh, ohhh, ohhh," Claire said. Dammit, she was going to cum. The cocktail of vulnerability, sexy, slutty and shame that she'd been soaking in, now had a healthy dash of exposure to her trustworthy friends and a big splash of Russel's hand on her bare ass. Try as she might, there was nothing she could do to hold it back.
"Is she... um... cumming?" Kyle asked. Then probably feeling awkward for rudely talking about Bubbles in the third person, he added to Claire, "um... are you cumming?"
Claire and everyone in her group of friends were nerds, but Russel, Steve and Kyle were science and computer nerds. Kyle was the nerdiest of all of them. If there was some awkwardness in a room, it always seemed to float over to Kyle and stick to him.
Kyle's embarrassment was so familiar, as was the whole dynamic between the three that Claire wanted to burst out laughing on top of everything else.
In the awkward silent moment that followed, Claire's orgasm crashed into and over her. Her right leg started shaking and the little urgent noises that escaped her became more ragged and uncontrolled.
Despite having so much experience with awkwardness, Kyle was incapable of sitting through an awkward situation without desperately trying to change the subject. "Um... you mentioned... um... Claire," he said, "Bubbles is... um... wearing the same... um... colour of toenail polish as... um... Claire was yesterday."
With the orgasm ripping through her uncontrollably, Claire couldn't see anything but how incredibly funny the situation suddenly was. She started laughing. It was a crazy cathartic laugh which, mixed in with all the other noises she was making, hopefully didn't sound like her usual laugh. Some rational part of her brain thought they wouldn't be able to place it.
Russel said, "her hair colour is the same too."
Claire was coming out of the most intense part of her orgasm, but it was still far too intense for her to be able to think clearly about what was happening. The alarm bell was there, but it seemed dull and distant.
She vaguely noticed that Steve had lowered his head and seemed to be looking at hers from the side.
She was coming back into her head as Steve raised his and gave Russel and Kyle a serious look. "Guys, you know that I'm kinda into ears, right?"
Oh fuck! Claire thought, instantly coming back into her head, orgasm over.
"You know that ears are unique, like fingerprints, right?"
Fuck, fuck, fuck, Claire thought. Lying on her back, her hair would have fallen back, exposing her ears. Steve had taken photos of everyone's ears. It was weird, but they were all weird one way or another.
Steve looked at her right in the eyes. "Hi Claire," he said.
Kyle and Russel both started to say something shocked, unbelieving and full of expletives.
Claire knew what she had to do.
"Take...." She interrupted anything they might say. Her voice was calm, even and full of intensity. She understood with complete clarity that she needed to take control of the situation immediately.
"... your fucking..." The instant that she started talking, Russel, Steve and Kyle were like deer in the headlights. Steve had his right hand on Claire's right breast and his left hand on her shoulder. He had been tugging on her very erect, sensitive nipple and, although he stopped actively pulling, his fingers were still holding it. Kyle had his right hand on Claire's left breast and his left hand was still on her left thigh, just below the crease of her buttock. Russel had his left hand on Claire's abdomen and his right hand was on the back of Claire's right leg mid thigh. He had been grasping it quite firmly as this leg had been shaking during her orgasm.
If her three friends were deer in the headlights, Claire was the truck, and she was about to slam into all three of them. "... glasses off!" she concluded.
"Oh shit!" all three of them said simultaneously as they fumbled to remove and turn off the glasses that had, up until that point, been transmitting every detail of Claire's naked body back to the collaborative augmented reality server. She was bathed in the golden light just before sunset on a beautiful late June evening. Every detail including her writhing in the ecstasy of the most intense orgasm of her life, not to mention, thanks to how she was obligingly spreading her legs wide and tilting her hips upward, an up close view of exactly how the Veritail butt-plug was penetrating her asshole.
Claire rolled on her side and pushed herself off the table. "Repeat after me," she said.
"This. Never. Happened."
Russel, Steve and Kyle did as they were told. "This. Never. Happened."
Claire stood up and without looking back once, walked back to the reception centre where Eliza was still talking to the investors.
Oh god. Tonight had all the elements of Claire's most dirty, private fantasy. There's no way she'd have ever told her friends about this stuff. Now 3 of them had just seen exactly what she liked and how VERY much she liked it.
She walked back on two legs. She probably should have gone back down on her hands and knees and crawled back as Bubbles, but the urgency of getting away was too great to move that slowly. It was all she could do to prevent herself from sprinting back to the door they'd come out of. She knew her friends would be looking at her, watching her naked walk of shame. It was so difficult to not wag the Veritail as she walked, but she forced it down.
The Bubbles persona had left. She was just Claire now.
And she had to walk right past where Eliza was still addressing all the investors. Eliza had the microphone headset back on and was facing away from Claire as she walked by. She had to stop talking as the men took notice of Claire and gave her a hearty round of applause, shouting things like "thank you Bubbles!". All but a few of the investors were men and over half of them had had their hands on her naked body, and most of those had inappropriately groped her tits and ass.
Claire blushed and glanced over at them, giving them a mitten wave.
She made it to the door and attempted to open it. She still had the stupid mitts on. They didn't have thumbs, and had been fastened by the makeup person. She'd have to use her teeth to get them off. If she'd been smart, she'd have been working to get them off as she walked, but she just discovered this when she tried to use the door knob. With the entire crowd of investors watching, she stood there alternately trying to work the door knob and picking at her wrists with her teeth.
There was a bit of chuckling that might have been sympathetic, and Claire still had not managed to accomplish either task before one of the investors stepped up next to her and grabbed the door knob.
The door was locked, as it turned out. The next couple of minutes had a crowd of men gather around her until one of the security guys showed up with a key.
Claire knew that for all the men, it probably wasn't much different than them crowding around Bubbles during her Veritail interactions, but for her it was completely different and overwhelming. She just couldn't handle this much exposure while interacting with a bunch of men as herself.
By the time the door was opened, she was just about to have a panic attack. Suddenly her hands being confined in the mitts made her feel helpless. What if they started grabbing her.
"Let's hear it for Bubbles!" Eliza said over the PA as Claire scrambled back in the building. A big cheer went up just as the door closed behind her.
As soon as she was inside, she made a beeline for the locker that had her clothes, Claire opened her phone first. She opened the messaging app that her team used for the collaborative augmented reality project.
There was nothing there. It wasn't proof that nobody had seen anything. It was even possible that someone had posted because you were allowed to delete a post until someone else read it.
It was almost 11 by the time she got into the lab, logged in to the server and deleted the footage. The server had automatically processed the 3 feeds from Russel, Steve and Kyle into several 3D video files. It basically only attempted to process footage where 2 or more of them were looking at the same thing. Claire noticed that there was a particularly large file from close to 9:30. She guessed what that was.
Before she deleted everything off the server, Claire hesitated. This was not only the most incriminating evidence of her personal perversions imaginable, it was also a recording of the most daring, sexually exciting thing she'd ever experienced.
Claire was going to want to watch this later. A memory of what it felt like when the Veritail vibrated flashed through her head. She wanted to wag her tail!
She obviously would never experience anything like that ever again. She suddenly felt a little sad.
Yes, Claire was going to want to watch this footage more than once. She'd have to keep it safely stored and encrypted, but she was going to keep a copy.
She grabbed a flash drive and copied every bit of footage before and after processing. Then she deleted it all from the server and went home.
Claire didn't see any of her roommates when she got home. She jilled herself off no less than 3 times between when she entered her room and when she went downstairs to the kitchen at 11am the next morning. Between that and the periodic waves of remorse, she got very little sleep. She managed to avoid seeing any of her friends all day Sunday, choosing to have dinner in the lab rather than head home. It wasn't all that unusual that none of Leon, Ray and Tyrone were working in the lab on a Sunday.
She couldn't be sure that Russel, Steve and Kyle hadn't told the rest of the gang everything. Claire chose to be really busy the next week. She saw her teammates and her housemates, but she made excuses to keep her interactions with them brief.
Then it was Friday. They all always got together on Friday. Claire wanted to make an excuse, but she knew that if she did, it would be that much harder for Russel, Steve and Kyle to keep what they'd seen to themselves. Steve would blab for sure. If Claire was there, she'd be able to stare all of them down.
Oh god, it was going to be awkward though. How could she stare them down if she couldn't look them in the eyes.
Claire gathered all her courage and headed over to Steve and Kyle's place. Kyle's family had some money. He and Steve had grown up together, so the two of them shared a really nice apartment with a bigger living room and kitchen than Claire, Elaine, Chelsea and Leon shared between the four of them.
She'd made an excuse to get home later than her roommates, so she arrived at Steve and Kyle's place by herself. The others were already all there.
When she walked in, they were uncharacteristically quiet. They all smiled and greeted her, but something was wrong.
They knew.
They ALL knew.
Fuck.
"Oh fuck, you guys," she said, feeling tears welling up.
Her friends were around her, getting her to sit down. They put a drink in her hand.
"Oh god," she said. She shot an accusing glance at Steve through slightly teary eyes.
"Don't look at me!" Steve said.
Claire looked around and saw that Leon especially wasn't returning her gaze.
"Oh no," she said, staring at Leon.
"I saw... everything!" he blurted.
Claire sunk her head in her hands. She thought she might hyperventilate.
Chelsea said, "Claire? Sweetie? Leon played it for us. We've all seen it."
Claire moaned and took deep breaths, head still in her hands.
"Look, Claire," Elaine said, "we're absolutely still your friends. You never need to worry about that. Okay? All of us."
The others all chimed in their support.
"But we've got to know..." Elaine continued.
Here we go, Claire thought.
"...are you okay? That was a little bit fucked up."
"It wasn't a little bit fucked up," Claire said, feeling the floodgates open, "it was so epically fucked up that it will tower over every other fucked up thing any of us ever does for the rest of our lives."
Claire proceeded to tell her friends everything. How she'd got to the point of agreeing to do the event, how she'd known it was a bad idea, but she'd done it anyway, how she'd gotten in way over her head, and yes, how she'd loved every perverted moment of it.
"I am super fucked up," she said.
"Did you make decent money?" Leon asked.
"A bit over thirty two hundred bucks," Claire answered. She'd discovered that on top of the base fee and all the tips, Eliza had given her a five hundred dollar bonus for helping with the demonstration.
"Wow," Chelsea said, "I guess I'd consider doing it if I could get that much in one night."
"I won't lie. That much money will really help." Claire looked around at her friends. "But I didn't do it for the money."
The room was silent for a few moments.
"What did it feel like having the tail in your bum?" Steve asked.
Claire hesitated. She'd just shared some incredibly intimate stuff with her friends. Stuff that she'd never imagined telling anyone, ever. How should she answer that question? Should she just shrug?
"It felt fucking amazing!" Claire gushed. "It was like all the sex and fun you can imagine all at once. I want one of those things so bad!"
Steve looked at Russel and raised his eyebrows.
Claire looked at Russel wondering what that look was about.
"Um," said Russel, "the Veritail people gave Dr. Narashaki a pre-production version of the collar and tail, just like the one you were using. He didn't want it in his office, so he gave it to me to hang onto."
Claire's heart rate went up. She really did want to get one for herself, but she knew they'd be really expensive. She blushed intensely thinking about how she'd just told her friends that.
Russel leaned behind the couch and grabbed a bag. In the bag was a Veritail and collar.
"Do you want to give us a demonstration?" Elaine asked. She suddenly had a huge grin on her face.
All her friends were grinning at her.
"What?" Claire said. "You want me to put the Veritail in here? Now? With you guys?"
"We've all seen all the footage, Claire," Chelsea said.
"You just told us how much you like to get naked, but you don't want to do anything really dangerous," Russel said. "We're not dangerous."
"This is us, all of your best friends, being as supportive as we know how," Chelsea said. "Take your clothes off, Claire."
Steve, Kyle and Russel had big grins, but they had first hand experience. They'd all had their hands on her naked flesh. Leon, Ray and Tyrone were practically salivating.
"Oh," Claire said, feeling her heart rate climbing. She was blushing intensely, "I don't know. This doesn't seem like a good idea."
"We're not going to pay you anything," Steve said, "but you said that you didn't do it for the money. Surely it's a better idea with us, than with a crowd of like a hundred people that you don't even know."
Claire stood up, having convinced herself to go into the bathroom, strip, insert the Veritail and come out in a towel.
She hesitated. "You want me to just take off all my clothes?" she asked. "Like, right here?"
Elaine gave her a knowing smile. "If you like."
"Go for it, Claire," Tyrone said.
Claire took off her clothes.
They didn't play any music. She didn't dance a striptease. She just took off her clothes.
All of them, until she was standing in the middle of the room, completely naked,with her 9 best friends all crowded around her.
"Way to go, Claire!" Steve said. They all cheered. Claire blushed madly.
She was wet.
Russel pulled out the Veritail and handed it to Claire.
Claire took it and hesitated again. "I suppose I should use the bathroom..."
"We all watched all the footage, Claire," Chelsea said, "we've seen absolutely everything, really close up. You don't need to be shy."
"You want to watch me put it in?" Claire asked.
Steve and Tyrone both said, "yes!" right away, but most of her friends hesitated. They all nodded. Even Elaine nodded, biting her lip.
"You've got lube?" Claire asked Russel.
Russel started to hand over the lube, but held back at the last moment. "Can I put it in?"
THE END
"um... okay..."