I went to see a friend's band play recently at a small club in Brooklyn. After the show, I stuck around and had drinks with the members of each of the three bands who played. It felt great to be included in what appeared to be such a tight knit group of people who had been playing shows together for years. Shiloh is a tall, thin, good looking, early 30-something guy, from an indiscernible mixed-race background. He's the bass guitarist in a power-trio that played early in the night. His wife, Sienna (maybe a year or two older than Shiloh, and plays drums in their band) is a gorgeous, heavily tattooed, woman with short, dark hair and a fantastic figure - she is a drummer after all, which definitely helps keep her in excellent shape. They riffed constantly off one another, as well as with Max, the singer/guitarist in their band. I was really enjoying their company. They were all smart, funny, and had incredibly magnetic personalities.
At one point, Sienna was confidently telling a funny story that had some serious sexual overtones, about a friend of theirs who got discreetly eaten out in the corner of the venue, at one of their shows. As she told us all the lurid details, she nonchalantly put her hand on my thigh, just above my knee, held it there and squeezed ever so slightly as the story unfolded. It seemed innocent enough, but it still sent a sexual rush through my system. If she hadn't been sitting next to her husband, I would've misinterpreted this as flirtation.
The conversations flowed comfortably all night. I even stayed at the bar after all my friends left to have a few more drinks with Shiloh, Sienna, and Max. I was pleasantly surprised when, out of the blue, Sienna asked if I wanted to go to the beach with them the next day. I spend all my time in the city and really don't get to the beach very often. It's not that I don't like it, but It's just not usually my summer activity of choice. However, I figured that I can have fun doing anything, and I really wanted to spend more time with my new friends, so I agreed.
The next day they showed up at my place bright and early, as if they hadn't even had a drink the night before. In the car was Shiloh, Sienna, Max, and Sarah, one of their friends whom I was just meeting in this car ride. I threw my bag in the trunk, and climbed into the car. It was a pretty hot day, so it would seem that everyone in the tri-state area had the same idea. The beach parking lot was at full capacity. So was the next one. We drove further and further away from the "popular" fields, and it seemed like all the beaches were completely packed. "We could go to the end of the peninsula. It's always pretty empty there." Sarah chimed in.
"I'm not sure if that's a great idea." Max sounded skeptical. I was confused.
"Is it sketchy? What's up?" I had to ask. Max laughed. He started to explain, before Sienna cut him off.
"It's fine, unless you're bothered by getting an eyeful of dick."
"Yeah, it's clothing optional, but that keeps the screaming kids and boring people away. You don't have to get naked, but you've gotta be prepared to see it all." Said Sarah.
"There's almost no Security too, so no one really cracks down on drinking and such. It's kinda like a big, naked, Wild Wild West there." Max added.
"We don't have to go if you don't want, but she's got a point. It' might not be empty, but there'll definitely be a lot more parking." Shiloh remarked.
I felt like this might've been the plan all along, and they were just waiting for my approval. "Fuck it. If that's what you guys wanna do, I'm down." I paused briefly "...are you guys getting naked?"
"It might've happened a few times, but seriously... no pressure ...and really, you don't have to get naked if you're not comfortable with it." Shiloh reiterated.
"Fuck that. I'm getting down to tits and cooch." I was noticing that Sarah really had a way with words.
I'm not gonna lie, I was excited, but definitely a bit nervous. I just met these people, and now I was about to see at least one of them completely naked. They were right though, there was plenty of parking.
The walk from the parking lot seemed really long - but it might just have felt that way because of the anticipation. There was a long stretch of unoccupied sand between the parking lot and the water. The second we hit that first patch of sand Sarah got completely naked (except for the ridiculous amount of beads and bracelets she wears). Sarah is probably 5ft 5in, toned but with some curve. She has shoulder length dirty blonde hair, large, womanly tits and an ass to match. Though I tried not to stare, between her legs she was waxed completely bare and looked absolutely delicious. I averted my eyes and kept marching through the sand. As we started to come across people in various states of undress, it became obvious that I was the only one with any reservations. We got closer to the water and it got more populated. Naked people of all shapes and sizes walked through the sand with drinks, socializing, or just lying around and soaking up the sun. There were these little wind barriers that I've never seen at beaches before, but were pretty popular among the naked beachgoers. We laid down a big blanket, a couple of beach chairs and two umbrellas (which served as our own wind barrier, but added an extra element of sun protection as well). Sienna was already topless as she laid out her things. Wow, she has incredible tits. Max turned to me, double checked, and once again asked if I was okay with this. "I'm totally fine. I think it's pretty awesome actually."
"Good. I'm stripping down." He said, and Shiloh followed suit. Shiloh is lean, but toned, while Max has a bit more muscle - not bulky, just thicker. They had no problems just swinging their dicks around. Then, without warning, off came Sienna's bottoms. I took a double take. Both she and Sarah were completely gorgeous, but had totally different body types. The one thing they had in common was that they were both even hotter naked. I froze up. Sienna caught my eyeline, and let out a smirk as she lowered her eyes to my crotch.
"You can keep your shorts on if you want, but you might feel a bit overdressed. Those are starting to look a little tight on you." This would be a bad time to have a raging hard on. I took a deep breath and slowly pulled down my shorts, trying not to stare at the tiny landing strip shaved above Sienna's flawless pussy as she said this. My dick was half hard. Fuck. I was also the palest of our group.
"Sunblock!" Sarah shouted. "You do NOT want to burn your bits!" She had a good point.
"Shiloh. Wanna help me out, please?" Sienna asked as she playfully fluttered her eyelashes at her husband.
"Of course darling. Just gimme a minute." He paused and they looked at each other for a second, exchanging a silent conversation. "Actually..." and he turned to me "...will you do me a favor and make sure my wife doesn't get third degree burns on that incredible body of hers? I'll make the drinks, and get the bluetooth speaker set up."
Then Sienna turned to me and held the tube of coconut oil based sunblock in my direction. Again, I froze. "You can start on my back." She said as she got under the umbrella, laid on her stomach and stretched herself out. "Please don't miss any spots. Don't wanna burn my bits." She joked as she winked at Sarah. Right about here I started to feel a bit exposed, as my cock began to elongate ever so slightly.
"Umm... You sure?" I approached hesitantly. This was, after all, a married woman I met last night. She just so happened to be married to a man sitting not three feet from us, encouraging me to rub sunblock on "her bits." Sarah sat down in a chair that faced Sienna and I, and watched intently as she leaned back and began to apply some lotion on herself, massaging it into her tits as she looked on - taking extra time to squeeze and pinch her nipples, and fully apply the cream along the undersides of those incredibly full breasts. She was so comfortable being naked, that she didn't seem to notice that I had a clear view between her legs of her completely bare pussy. I was trying to be respectful by not staring, yet my brain was operating in overdrive at that moment, and I swear it was like she was putting on a show.
I kneeled down next to Sienna and squirted some sunblock across the myriad of colorful tattoos that adorned her back. I started at her shoulders and neck, and slowly made my way down her back. I rubbed the back of her arms, down her sides to her hips, then back up her body, gently working the lotion over the very sides of her perfect tits (trying my damnedest to be almost clinically nonchalant). As I reached her ass, I wasn't sure how to continue, so I made small circles, to avoid any appearance of groping and coming off as a pervert. "You've got to get up in there or else she's gonna get burnt to a crisp in her asscrack... her thighs too." Sarah was now slowly massaging the lotion along her legs and thighs, giving me an even clearer view between them - all while staring at us with a devilish grin. She was clearly enjoying my discomfort.
"You don't have to be shy, man. It's cool." Said Shiloh as Sienna nodded in affirmation. With another deep breath I began to work the sunblock into her asscrack, along her firm ass, and down onto her thighs, along her legs, and feet, then all the way back up. As I continued, Sienna parted her legs a little bit more so I instinctively moved my hands further up the inside of her thighs and all over her legs.
Sienna tilted her head and looked at me over her shoulder. "You can get a little closer. Get comfortable. I don't want you dropping any of that in the sand and wasting it." I got closer, straddling one of her legs. I had a clear view of her glistening pussy. She was definitely enjoying this as well. It really looked like she was beginning to get wet. I didn't want to cross any lines, but I wanted more than anything to touch her and I was so fucking close. My dick was pressed tightly against the inside of Sienna's leg. I could feel Sarah's eyes on me as I inched closer and closer with every circle. Sienna let out an involuntary moan. It was just enough to push me closer still. My finger just grazed the skin between her legs, right next to her pussy. She was absolutely turned on. I could see the thick fluid begin to well up along the edge of her labia as a droplet formed.
"Easy there, pal. If you rub a man's wife like that, they're both going to think you're trying to fuck her." Shiloh said with a laugh as he casually handed out drinks to each of us.
"Sorry, I was just..."
"Keep going." Sienna added in a breathy command. My heart was racing. I looked down, and to my absolute fright, my cock was now hard as a rock and in clear view of our whole group. I looked over at Sarah in a flash-panic and saw her mouth slightly open, and her eyes were transfixed on the situation at hand. She had her legs spread wide, with two fingers pressed firmly to her clit, as she was oh so slowly massaging herself, rubbing up and down. She was clearly no longer applying suntan lotion!
"Yeah. I agree... Keep going." Sarah added with that evil smile. I began kneading Sienna's ass, daring to get closer to that dripping pussy of hers. My thumbs pushed into her asscrack and almost into her ass with every stroke. I passed the point of no return. I rubbed my right hand down between her legs, along her glistening lips and underneath her. I paused, but she pushed back, begging me to continue.
Then it just happened. The lotion was slippery. I pushed my left thumb into her asshole as my right hand found its way under her pussy and to her clit. My right thumb rested on her pussy lips for just a second until she pushed back once more, slipping it easily inside her dripping pussy as I massaged her clit with two fingers. She let out a moan that was loud enough to remind me that we were in public. I looked around cautiously. Shiloh turned on some music from a small speaker, calmly sat down next to Sarah, and began stroking his now fully erect cock as he looked on.
Sienna then rolled onto her back, spread her legs a bit more and said, "I think my back might be good. You're welcome to do my front." Sarah wasn't discreet anymore. She was now masturbating furiously, rubbing her clit with one hand as she reached around her leg and plunged two fingers all the way into her pussy. If there was ever a "green light" to keep going, that was the fucking Bat-Signal.
This just got good.
"I'll keep an eye out for beach patrol." Max said as he pulled up a chair to partially block the view from onlookers.
I couldn't believe this was happening. Sienna leaned back and spread her legs wide as I knelt between them holding my achingly hard cock. A droplet of precum rolled out of the tip of my dick and fell to the sand. "I need to fucking taste you." I said almost involuntarily, and dove head first into Sienna's gorgeous pussy.
"Oh, that's a good man..." Shiloh commented. As I flicked my tongue along the folds of his wife's wet little cunt, Sarah, Max and Shiloh watched on, while making little quips, sipping their cocktails, and playing with themselves. It was fucking surreal.
"Oh fuck that feels good." Sienna said as she turned towards the others. "He has two fingers in me. Oh fuck... That tongue..."
"Mmmm. That looks incredible." Sarah responded in a staggered breath. "I'm always happier when you bring a man who eats pussy without being asked." I now had two fingers massaging Sienna's G-spot as I sucked on her clit. She started to shake so I leaned into her.
"I'm coming..." She said as she started to buck. "He's making me cum!" Steady waves of ejaculate splashed from her soaking wet pussy. This is where I heard Sarah say she was about to cum as well, but I never looked up. I held on to Sienna until her bucking and shaking subsided, and she was able to choke out the words, "Fuck me. Now."
I got up onto my knees and looked over at Shiloh who was now sitting in Sarah's chair. Still facing us, Sarah got on top of him and slowly lowered herself down onto Shiloh's lap, sliding his rigid cock into her dripping pussy. They were watching intently as they began fucking in a slow and steady rhythm. There were a few onlookers from the beach as well, who seemed to appear from out of nowhere, casually stroking and rubbing themselves, while trying to look nonchalant about it. I really didn't care at this point.
More than anything I needed to bury my cock deep into this goddess' pussy. I massaged her clit for a few seconds with the head of my dick until she let out the tiniest of whimpers, then I pushed the full length of my swollen cock deep into Sienna's tight fuckhole. Her eyes opened wide as I hit bottom. My mouth went straight for her ample yet perky tits, and I sucked a nipple into my mouth as I plunged deep into her pussy again. I began to pick up my pace, pounding away at her wonderfully soaked cunt as I tongued her tits. She got louder and I fucked her harder. I put my weight behind every stroke and felt her cum dripping down my balls as they slapped against her ass. I covered her mouth to stifle her moans - that seemed to turn her on even more. She began to shake again.
As soon as her orgasm took over her movements I started to feel the familiar tingle in my balls. I was about to cum as well. I looked over at my friends and saw Sarah, Shiloh, and Max watching intently. Just as I said I was about to cum, Max stood up, turned towards Sarah and stroked his cock over her. She opened her mouth. He stiffened up and thrust his hips forward. The first jet of cum hit her chin as two more ropes covered her beautiful tits. This put me over the edge. I pulled my cock out of Sienna's beautifully tight pussy and shot a long stream of cum along the length of her stomach up to her tits. Just as the second spurt began, she stuffed my cock back inside her, and I filled her pussy with three more spurts of cum. After a few deep breaths Sienna started to relax, propped her self up on one elbow and smiled at me. I stood there on my knees with my dick still inside Sienna's cum-soaked pussy and took a deep breath of my own, recovering from the explosion. At that moment Sarah climbed off Shiloh's lap and walked over to us on her hands and knees. He followed closely behind her and slipped his engorged cock back inside her from behind as she began to lick my cum off her friend's tits. Sarah worked her tongue down along Sienna's stomach, lapping up the viscus fluid and Shiloh began to pick up his pace. It was a beautiful sight. She sucked up the pool of cum that remained in that little landing strip just above Sienna's freshly fucked pussy and pulled my half hard cock out of her. Max's cum was still rolling off her tits as she put my dick in her mouth and began to suck Sienna's cum off me. I started to feel my cock stiffen again as Shiloh pounded away at her from behind.
As Shiloh grunted that he was about to cum, Sarah took my cock from her mouth briefly, turned to Sienna and asked, "Do you want to lick your husband's cum from my pussy?" Then continued sucking me off as Shiloh thrust hard into her. Jesus, her mouth was incredible and my dick was still sensitive. I was getting close again. Shiloh pushed hard into Sarah with three more thrusts as he filled her sopping wet fuckhole with cum. I was just about to fill her mouth when she released me and stood up. She stepped over Sienna's head and straddled her face. A stream of cum flowed from her cunt and into Sienna's mouth. That was all I could take. I sunk my cock back into Sienna's cum soaked pussy and with no more than five strokes, I began to pump a second load into her - as she hungrily lapped the cum from Sarah's pussy.
We sat there catching our collective breaths. Sarah turned to me and said, "You should probably put some sunblock on yourself too."