Comfortable in her patio chair, Vanessa watched from afar as the young couple in the canoe paddled towards the jetty. She noticed Bella had decided to lose her top, a white bra now her only visible clothing. The slim girl did nothing to cover up as the canoe approached Vanessa's husband, who waited on the jetty.
"Thanks, Mr. Hamilton," Bella said as Ben steadied the canoe to make it easier for the couple to safely exit.
Rising out of the canoe, Bella revealed her shorts were gone too. Her string panties matched her bra and did a poor job of covering her ass. It appeared she purposefully gave Ben an enticing view as she bent over to fetch her things from the canoe. Vanessa smirked and sipped her margarita. Oh yes, the girl knew what she was doing.
Bella soon came walking up the path, carrying her top and pants. There was an obvious swagger to her stride, and her short blonde ponytail bounced along with her perky little tits. Tim followed shortly behind with a constrained look of embarrassment.
"How was the trip?" Vanessa asked as they approached.
"Oh, hi Mrs. Hamilton," Bella said, apparently more bashful as she realized Vanessa was watching her too. "It was great. Such a nice sunny day to go for a paddle. We went all the way to the other side of the bay."
"Thanks for letting us use the canoe," Tim added. His voice sounded strained.
"Our pleasure," Vanessa said. "We don't really use it when the kids aren't around."
"Well, thanks anyway," Tim said, and looked over his shoulder at Ben, who was coming up behind them. "We should go and get changed."
Tim grabbed his wife by the hand and pulled her along towards their cabin. Their argument broke out as soon as the door slammed shut behind them. The thin walls did little to hide it from Vanessa and Ben.
"For fuck's sake, Bella! What's wrong with you lately?"
"What the fuck is that supposed to mean?"
"Strutting around like a... Vanessa used to be my teacher! Don't you understand how embarrassing it is for me when you show off like that in front of her husband?"
"I wasn't showing off! It was hot, so I took off my top."
"And your pants!" Tim added in anger.
"So what? I told you I forgot to bring my bikini. Big deal if I wear my underwear instead!"
"That didn't look like any bikini I've ever seen! Pretty convenient that you just happened to be wearing your skimpiest..."
"Fuck you!" Bella screamed. "Why do you have to be such a possessive little shit?"
"Why do you have to expose yourself in public?"
"Oh god! You don't understand anything!"
"No, I don't understand why my wife is turning into a fucking exhibitionist!"
With that, Tim stormed out, slamming the door behind him. He froze momentarily when his eyes met Vanessa's and Ben's, realizing that their argument had been overheard.
"Sorry," he said sheepishly before walking off.
Ben and Vanessa frowned at each other.
"I'll go talk to him," Vanessa said.
Her husband scratched his bearded chin. "Are you sure you should get involved? Just because he used to be your student doesn't mean you're responsible for him."
"Come on, we know some of the challenges of marrying young. Maybe we can help."
Ben gave her a faint smile. "If you think so."
Tim was moving fast, and Vanessa almost changed her mind as she chased after him. She was in good shape, something she thanked her daily swimming routine for. But she had nothing on this young man. She had expected this to be a calm week at their cottage now that the kids were staying with their grandparents. But it seemed her motherly instincts turned to the young couple that stayed in the spare cabin for the week. Or maybe it was her teacher instincts. Ben used to be one of her favorite high school students not many years ago, and after running into him a few weeks earlier, their conversation had led her to offer him and his wife to come and stay with them at their getaway cottage.
She couldn't help but feel connected to the young couple. Bella undeniably reminded Vanessa of herself at that age, even though they were physically very different. Whereas Bella was slim and slender, Vanessa had been blessed with a classic hourglass figure. Back when she grew confident in her curves, she started showing them off every chance she got. She recognized the motives behind Bella's little show very well indeed.
By the time she caught up with Tim, he was sitting by the shore, throwing little rocks into the water. Cute boy, Vanessa thought. A bit of a baby face but built like a man. If only he would act like one.
"Do you mind if I join you?" Vanessa said as she sat next to him.
"Thanks again for letting us use the cabin," Tim said softly, not meeting her eyes.
"Our pleasure," Vanessa said, smiling warmly at him. "We were young ourselves at one point, struggling to make ends meet."
"And then we go and make a total ass of ourselves by..."
"Oh, don't worry about it," Vanessa interrupted him. "All couples fight sometimes."
"I'm really embarrassed, Mrs. Hamilton," he said. "It won't happen again."
"Hey, I'm not your teacher anymore," Vanessa said and put her arm around his shoulder to comfort him. "Try to think of me as a friend instead."
"Of course, Vanessa," Tim agreed, even as Vanessa guessed that he wasn't convinced. They sat in silence, staring out over the calm water until Vanessa spoke.
"You know, Ben and I married young too," Vanessa said eventually.
"Oh yeah?"
"I was only 20," Vanessa continued, and chuckled. "That was over half my lifetime ago."
"Just like Vanessa was. I was 21."
Vanessa gave him a compassionate look. "It can be challenging."
"But you and Ben made it work?"
"Yeah. But it took exactly that—work. And an open mind."
They sat in silence until Vanessa spoke again. "You really love her. I can tell."
Ben nodded softly.
"And she's a hot piece of ass," Vanessa said and winked at him. It felt odd to talk to her old student like that, but they had agreed to talk as friends after all.
Tim chuckled nervously. "Yeah, she is."
"Is it really so bad if she sometimes wants others to see that?"
"What? No, but..." Ben trailed off. "I don't know."
"It's only natural," Vanessa said, feeling herself slipping into lecturing mode once again. "A lot of young women enjoy showing off a bit. And Bella is at an age where she's probably comfortable with her own body for the first time in her life."
Tim looked at Vanessa with an expression of concentration, as if he was trying to mentally weigh her words. Vanessa smiled at him.
"She's still your hot piece of ass. If I were you, I'd be proud. Even if others get to see the trailer, you're the one getting the full show, right?"
Tim chuckled again, blushing at Vanessa's strange words of wisdom.
"Listen, it's none of my business," she continued. "And I know it's weird to get relationship advice from your old teacher. But I can tell you what worked for Ben and I. Give each other some space. Try not to control each other. You might end up really enjoying the result. We sure did."
Tim gave her a curious look, as if he wanted to inquire further. But he said nothing, and when Vanessa didn't offer anything more, he eventually stood and suggested they head back. Soon thereafter, Vanessa and Ben chuckled as they listened to their guests' make-up sex from inside their cabin.
"Seems you're good at meddling," Ben said with a sly grin.
Vanessa felt pleased. Somehow, she knew this wasn't the end of her meddling.
* * *
As she met the young couple for breakfast the next morning, Vanessa acted like nothing out of the ordinary had happened.
"So, what's your plans for the day?" she asked.
"Not much," Bella replied. "Do you have any suggestions?"
"Well, Ben and I are going to a small party on our friend's boat. Maybe you want to join? Victor won't mind if we bring our guest, right Ben?"
Ben nodded. "I'm sure he'd be delighted."
The young couple exchanged a few glances and nods before agreeing.
"What shall I wear?" Bella asked.
"No need for anything fancy," Vanessa said. "Whatever you're comfortable with."
Vanessa smirked when Bella later showed up in a short skirt that showed off her toned legs, accentuated by her plateau sandals. The wind played with the skirt as they climbed aboard, and the young woman attracted a lot of attention, giggling as she struggled to hold it down. Vanessa exchanged a few glances with Tim as if silently reminding him of the conversation they had the day before. He smiled nervously.
It was a perfect day for a boat ride, the sky blue and the water calm. Most of the people onboard sipped champagne, enjoying the caress of the light ocean breeze as Victor steered the boat across the bay. He was Ben's business-partner and close friend.
"Ahoy, captain," Vanessa said as she joined him up at the bridge. Business was good, and Victor had recently purchased a holiday home near Vanessa and Ben's.
"Ahoy," Victor said, raising his glass to hers.
"I love the new boat."
"Glad we could finally make it up here at the same time, so I can take you out for a spin."
"We got you a little something," Vanessa said and handed him a gift.
Victor opened the package and chuckled as he found the captain's hat inside, engraved with the name of his boat.
"Thanks!" he said as he put it on.
"Thank you for taking us on a cruise. And for letting us bring our guests."
"My pleasure," Victor said, and his eyes focused on something ahead. "My pleasure indeed."
Vanessa followed his gaze to the bow of the boat. Bella stood there alone, resting her arms on the railing. Leaning forward, her skirt was raised, and the wind had done its job, lifting it all the way up to rest on her hips. Her string panties were barely visible between her round cheeks. Glancing around, Vanessa could tell most of the people on board had noticed and were admiring the young woman's exhibition.
Perhaps the only one onboard who hadn't yet noticed was Tim. He was sitting with his side towards his wife, face turned away towards Ben beside him. Vanessa excused herself and headed down to the deck. It seemed her meddling would be needed.
"Hello, honey," she said as she approached her husband, demonstratively finishing her champagne. "Do you mind getting me another glass?"
Ben smirked as he stood, kissing his wife on the cheek. He took the hint to leave her alone with Tim, and his brief glance at Bella suggested he knew why.
"Thank you so much for inviting us along," Tim said as Vanessa sat down.
"Our pleasure," Vanessa said. "We like having you around. And I'm sure Victor does too."
Tim raised his glass to her. He looked embarrassed as he realized she had just given away hers.
"So, I take it things went well yesterday," she continued.
"Yeah. Sorry we acted so stupid," Tim said, and after a pause added, "I mean, I acted stupid."
"It sounded like she forgave you though."
"Oh, shit... Were we loud? Sorry. It won't happen..."
Vanessa broke him off by raising her hand. "No need to be embarrassed. We too were young once."
She glanced at Bella, who still had her ass on display for all to see. Vanessa had done things just like that when she was Bella's age, and she felt a surge of excitement as she recalled some of those times.
"Oh, my..." Tim began, having traced Vanessa eyes over to his wife. "Excuse me."
He started to rise, but Vanessa placed a hand on his shoulder. "Wait."
"What?"
"Remember what we talked about yesterday?"
Tim gave her a confused look. "You think she's doing this on purpose?"
"I don't know, but she's been standing like that for quite some time."
"Jesus! I have to tell her to stop it."
Vanessa looked at him with raised eyebrows. "Are you sure? So what if she's doing it on purpose?"
"What?!"
"Is it so bad if she is?"
Tim looked bothered but leaned back. "I don't know. Does Ben mind?"
"What? That Bella is showing her off her ass?"
"No, when you..." he began, but stopped himself mid-sentence.
Vanessa smirked. "When I what?"
"Sorry, I didn't mean to imply that you..."
Vanessa helped him out. "That I show off the goods? I did when I was her age, for sure."
"And did he mind?"
Vanessa tried to suppress a chuckle. "No, he didn't mind."
"So, you never made him worried you were doing it to attract another guy?"
"Worried? No."
Ben gave her a confused look.
"Can I take a wild guess?" Vanessa continued, straightening a few wrinkles on her dress. "She was a virgin when you met, right?"
Ben turned away and looked at his wife.
"Sorry, I'm being intrusive," Vanessa said. "But we agreed we would talk like friends, right?"
"No, it's fine," he said, taking a sip from his glass. "Yeah. She was. I wasn't... Sorry, I'm not used to talking about things like this."
"So now you're worried she feels she's missed out," Vanessa concluded.
For a second, Tim's face looked like he was in pain, as if she had hit a tender spot.
"Ben was my first too," she said.
"Really?"
"Mhm."
"And you never wondered..." he began, looking out over the open water. "You know, about other fish in the sea."
"I've done my fair share of fishing," Vanessa said with a knowing smirk. "But I always released them back into the water."
"What? You mean..." Tim started, lowering his voice even though Ben was too far away to overhear. "You've cheated on you husband?"
"Oh, I wouldn't call it that," Vanessa said, only barely stopping herself from laughing at Tim's dumbstruck expression. "And don't you worry about us. Focus on your wife instead."
Tim turned to look at Bella, who still presented her nearly naked behind for everyone onboard.
"Look how sexy she is," Vanessa continued, her voice soothing.
Tim swallowed, keeping his eyes on Bella.
"She's your wife," Vanessa whispered in his ear. "And she's brave enough to show everyone what a sexy wife you have. Imagine what she's feeling, exposing herself to a bunch of people, most of whom are nearly twice her age. I bet her heart is pounding, hoping no one can tell it's intentional. But it is. She wants every man here to admire her. She craves to be the center of attention, an object of desire."
Tim's breath was intensifying, and it was hard to tell if it was from anger or excitement. Vanessa exchanged a few glances with her husband, who was standing back, waiting with her drink. She leaned in to speak softly in Tim's ear.
"And you know what? She's not using that ass to catch someone to replace you."
Tim tore his eyes away from his wife to briefly meet Vanessa's.
"Do you know how I can tell?" she asked. "She's flaunting herself right where you can see her. She's not trying to hide what she's doing from you. She wants you to see it. To accept it. To love it. To be proud she's yours."
As if on cue, Bella turned her head to look over her shoulder. Her mouth fell open as her eyes met Tim's, her expression morphing into a shy grin as she realized that her husband watched her exhibition without putting a stop to it. She arched her back before standing straight, allowing the skirt to fall and cover her ass. She turned and waved as she walked towards them.
"Hi Mrs. Hamilton," she said as she approached. "Thanks so much for inviting us along."
"My pleasure, Bella," Vanessa said and stood up, leaving her seat for the blonde. "Great day for a cruise, huh? Striking scenery."
With that she left and joined Ben, who handed her the drink. They watched as the young couple kissed, Bella snuggling up against her husband.
"Are you sure it's wise to meddle in other people's affairs?" Ben asked.
Vanessa didn't reply. Softly sipping her drink, she watched as the seed she had planted grew. Perhaps she could fertilize it further, allowing the young couple to fully blossom.
When Victor dropped them off at their jetty, Bella and Tim quickly said good night and hurried back to their cabin.
"They remind me a lot of us at that age," she said to Ben.
Her husband chuckled. "I suppose I too was a bit jealous when we got married."
"Yes, sometimes. But you soon saw the light, didn't you?"
"I saw a lot of things," Ben said and kissed her. "But what we did... It's not for everyone."
"Maybe. But I think it brought us closer. Even though it's all in the past, I think having those memories to look back on... It's given us a strong bond, don't you think?"
Ben nodded and tucked one of his wife's dark curls behind her ear. "Those were some crazy days."
"Do you remember that time you gave me away for the night to that older guy. Your mentor from the internship, I think."
"Older? I don't think he was even 40."
"I was 21, so he was old compared to me. And experienced."
"He was the first I shared you with without being there myself. I had noticed you flaunting yourself around him, and he was a nice guy. It just felt right."
"It sounds odd when I think of it now," Vanessa said. "But it was such a thrill, knowing that my young body could excite an experienced man like him. I felt like his little toy for the evening, and I fucking loved it."
She saw the twinkle in her husband's eye. It was still there after all these year—that thrill he got from thinking of his wife as his sexy little slut.
Vanessa leaned in and whispered in his ear. "Maybe it's time to pass the torch to the next generation?"
Ben gave her a surprised look. "Are you saying what I think you're saying?"
"Oh, come on. As if you wouldn't enjoy ravishing that blonde little hottie? Wouldn't that be every man's fantasy?"
"You're my fantasy," Ben said and placed a soft kiss on her lips. His eyes dropped to her full breasts. The dresses she wore these days didn't give away as much cleavage as they used to but still plenty to attract attention, especially her husband's.
"Oh, that's sweet, hon. But you don't have to prove anything. I've seen you look at her. And there's no shame in that. Fuck, even I can't help looking at that ass."
Ben shrugged his shoulders. "Sure, of course she sexy. But that's not the issue. Just because we found it exciting to share your body with others doesn't mean it's for everyone."
They looked at each other in silence for a moment, and as they did, they could hear moaning from inside their guest cabin next door. Vanessa smirked and reached out to stroke Ben's crotch, pleased to find her husband affected by their discussion. Without a word, she dropped to the floor and unzipped his pants to free his erection. It always looked particularly impressive when kneeling before it. She wrapped her hand around it and stroked him.
"That's it!" Bella shouted next door. "Fuck your wife!"
Ben grunted as Vanessa licked his cock from the base to the tip, her tongue exploring every familiar ridge. She could see the lust inside him take over, and he pressed his cock in between her full lips. Slowly but firmly, he filled her mouth all the way down her throat. Holding on to her brown locks, he began thrusting inside her. These days it was only her husband who got to experience it, but she let out a muffled moan as she recalled times when she let others to reap the benefits of her skilled mouth.
"Fuck your little slut!" Bella shouted, followed by intense moans from Tim.
"Maybe it's not for everyone," Vanessa said as she backed away, strands of saliva dangling between her lips and Ben's massive erection. She grinned up at her husband. "But I think we've found two good candidates."
Ben merely grunted in response and pulled her to her feet. He turned her around, pulled up her dress, and yanked down her panties. She loved it when his demanding side took over, and she gasped as he pushed her upper body over the table. She was dripping wet, and she panted as Ben rubbed his cock over her entrance. She screamed out in gratitude as he pushed deep inside. They were high on passion, and Ben's hips soon slammed forcefully against her ass. The screams from next door grew climactic. It was enough to send Vanessa and Ben over the edge too, joining in the rapture.
* * *
Vanessa guessed that the young couple would have heard Ben and herself as much as they heard them. But Bella didn't let it show as they joined her on the porch the next morning.
"Hi Mrs. and Mr. Hamilton," the blonde said in her normal bubbly tone. "I hope you don't mind I started breakfast early. I was super hungry when I woke up."
Vanessa was tempted to make some joke about the reason for the girl's appetite, but she refrained.
"Good morning, Mrs. Jones," she said, remembering how exciting it was to be referred to as a Mrs. early in the marriage. "Is Tim up as well?"
"No, he's still asleep—lazy bum. Can I get you some coffee?"
"That would be lovely. Thank you," Vanessa said as she and Ben sat down at the set table.
The girl seemed determined to tend to them, constantly asking if there was anything they needed as they ate their breakfast. Vanessa couldn't tell for sure if it was a sign of gratitude for the wheels she had set in motion. Maybe she was reading too much into it. But Bella seemed even more cheerful than usual this morning.
"Do you mind if I hang around here and catch some sun while I wait for Tim to wake up?"
"Of course not," Vanessa said, and watched as Bella reached for the hem of her dress and pulled it up over her head.
To Vanessa's surprise, the girl wore a bikini underneath. Still, there was an unmistakable element of exhibitionism to Bella's behavior as she sat down on a recliner in front of them and began applying sunscreen to her skin, caressing her slender legs.
"You know..." Vanessa began as she finished her coffee. "That top is going to leave tan lines. It's perfectly fine if you want to take it off."
"Oh, I..." the girl began, looking at Ben. "I don't know."
"Ben doesn't mind. Right, honey?"
Her husband gave her a look that implored her to tread carefully.
"Whatever you're comfortable with," he said eventually.
Bella sat in silence, sucking on her bottom lip. She wore sunglasses, but it was still obvious her gaze wandered between Ben and the cabin where Tim was sleeping. With a deep breath, she reached behind her back and undid the top. As if determined not to give herself a chance to chicken out, she quickly yanked it away to expose her perky tits.
She lay back and pretended like this was all perfectly normal for her. But her chest heaved excessively, and her pink little nipples seemed delighted to be on display. Vanessa remembered that mixture of nervousness and excitement very well.
About half an hour later, the door to the cabin swung open and Tim excited. He rubbed his eyes as he adjusted to the light. He stopped in his tracks when he saw his topless wife.
"Good morning, babe," Bella said. She acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary, but the tension in her voice was unmistakable.
"Good morning," Tim said cautiously.
His eyes wandered over to Ben and then back to his wife. She had positioned her recliner right where she would be in Ben's clear sight. He gave Vanessa a tentative look, as if asking for support.
"Good morning, Tim," Vanessa said, joining in the pretend normality of the situation. "The coffee is cold, I'm afraid. I'll go put on another pot." Noticing that Tim remained frozen, she handed him the pot. "Actually, maybe you can help me brew it."
Confused, Tim stumbled after her. It was obviously a poor excuse to get him out of ear-shot from the others, and Vanessa guessed no one bought it. But Tim clearly needed some pep-talk.
"You don't mind, do you?" she asked once they closed the door behind them.
"What? Making coffee?"
"No," Vanessa said, giving him a tired look. "That your wife started her flaunting early this morning."
Tim looked out the window to where his wife was exposing her tits to Vanessa's husband. "No, it's just..."
"I thought you were starting to accept this side of her. Like it, even. It sure sounded like it last night."
Ben gave her a sheepish look. "Oh, I guess. But ..." He trailed off
"But what?" Vanessa pushed, sounding more adamant than she intended.
"I'm not sure I should like it," he said, looking down on his shoes as if he'd been caught stealing.
Vanessa placed a finger under his chin and raised his gaze to hers.
"Hey, look at me. The heart wants what it wants. And there's no shame in that."
He smiled bashfully back at her.
"But whatever you and your heart want..." Vanessa continued. "I think you should go out and kiss your wife good morning. And if you want her to put on her top, tell her nicely. And if you don't... Well, sit down and enjoy the view while you have your breakfast. I'll be out with your coffee in a moment."
He nodded softly, hesitating briefly before heading outside. Vanessa peered from the kitchen window as he walked over to Bella. He paused for a moment before bowing down for a kiss. As their lips met, the blonde placed her hand on the back of his head to hold him close. When she let him go, Tim sat down by the table, at least acting like he wasn't uneased by his wife's state of undress. Vanessa smiled, happy to see her planted seed was growing within the young couple.
Bella spent the entire morning in just her bikini bottoms, even as she helped clear the table. Tim constantly kept his eye on her, but the irritation in his expression was long gone. He seemed rather excited to have his wife strut around with her tits out. Vanessa even caught a glimpse of disappointment in his expression when Bella finally put her top back on and said that they should be on their way.
"We were going to paddle up that river today, remember?" she said.
Tim nodded. "Is it still OK if we borrow the canoe again?"
"Of course," Vanessa said. "Ben will help you load it onto the trailer. What time do you think you'll be back?"
"It's a bit of a drive, so around seven, I think," Bella replied.
Vanessa and Ben waved to the young couple as they drove off.
"Seems like she's ready to be plucked," Vanessa said, playfully poking her husband.
"Maybe," he said with a smirk. "But what about him?"
"Can't you tell how excited he was? The part of him that likes it when his wife acts a bit slutty is taking over."
"Sure, I can see that. But what I meant is that maybe you want to pluck him."
"What? I can't do that. He's my student. It wouldn't be appropriate."
"Hewasyour student," Ben said, chuckling at her twisted moral code. "And what student wouldn't have lusted after his hot teacher?"
"Oh, stop it. Young guys aren't drawn to older women the same way girls are to older and experienced men."
Ben raised his eyebrows, giving her a look of utter incredulity. "You'd be surprised."
"Look, honey. It's not a tit-for-tat deal I'm proposing. I'm really privileged that you allowed me to have all those crazy experiences. But for me, that's all in the past. I'm a different woman now. I'm a mother. And a teacher who takes her job seriously. I don't think it would go down well if it got out that I had bedded one of my students."
"Formerstudent," Ben corrected her again. "And is it really that much of a difference, coercing him into letting your husband bed his wife?"
"So, you will do it?" she asked, deliberately changing the subject.
"Maybe. If it feels right."
At 6.45, Vanessa lay flat on her stomach on her husband's massage table, enjoying his soothing hands. It wasn't uncommon that he treated her to this pleasure, but today she made him set up the table out on the porch, which was unusual. Asking her husband to bring the genital safe massage lubricant filled her with an expectant thrill. Hearing the car pull in made her breath heavy.
"Oh, sorry," Bella said as she and Tim stopped in their tracks. "Don't let us disturb you."
"Oh, hi guys. I didn't hear you arrive," Vanessa lied. "Pass me the robe, will you darling?"
She was naked from the waist up and made sure to cover herself properly before rising from the table. She was certain she picked up disappointment in Tim eyes, and his eyes kept darting to her chest. It was surprisingly thrilling to have the young man peek at her. But she pushed those thoughts away, telling herself that she was probably reading too much into his gaze after her husband's earlier remarks. And flaunting herself wasn't the purpose of her plans anyways.
"How was your trip?" she asked.
"Oh, it was great!" Bella began, and continued to describe their explorations in great details.
"Sounds like you went quite far," Vanessa said. "You must be sore after all that paddling."
Bella rubbed her shoulder as if investigating. "Yeah, a bit I guess."
"Ben could give you a massage," Vanessa said, glancing at her husband. "Right, honey?"
"Of course."
Bella looked at her husband for counseling, but he looked away as if not wanting to get involved in the decision.
"Sure, thanks!" Bella said. "But I don't think anyone wants to touch me before I have a shower. I'll be right back."
When she and Tim returned soon thereafter, Bella wore a tube top that left her shoulders free. The slightly damp fabric hugged her chest and made it obvious that she hadn't bothered to put on a bra.
"It's better if you take that off so I can work on your whole back" Ben said, pointing at her top. "I don't want to stain your clothes."
"You might as well," Tim agreed before his wife got a chance to say anything. "Everyone saw you topless this morning."
His voice was factual, without accusational undertones. Vanessa purred inside. The young man was getting increasingly prone to showing her off.
"And take off your shorts so he can massage your legs too," she said.
Bella's high cut cargo shorts already would have given Ben access to most of her legs. But no one seemed inclined to point that out. Bella quickly stripped them off. She looked flustered as she stood there in just her sheer white panties, and quickly lay down on the table flat on her stomach.
Vanessa looked at Tim. He did his best to act casually, pretending there was nothing strange about his wife receiving an allegedly innocent massage. But his movements were jittery, as if he didn't know what to do with himself. Vanessa bid him to take a seat next to her on the patio couch, which she had strategically positioned facing the massage table. She poured him a whiskey to calm his nerves as they lined up to enjoy the show.
Ben started out innocently, massaging her back and shoulders with slick hands. But his touch soon shifted from focusing on particular muscles to roaming freely over her skin. Vanessa knew just how sensuous Ben's touch could be, firm and gentle at the same time. He continued out on her arms, lightly grazing her skin. With her eyes closed, Bella savored his caress.
He eventually shifted down to her calves, gently fondling one after the other. Bella's breath grew heavy as he continued up her thighs, his hands boldly moving higher with each stroke. As Ben approached her ass, she raised her head to briefly look at Tim. But she quickly hid her face again, seemingly unnerved by meeting her husband's eyes while another man fondled her. Her panties were cut high and Tim seemed transfixed on Ben's hands as they inch by inch massaged more of his wife's firm ass.
When Ben abruptly removed his hands, Bella looked up again. She had a hint of disappointment in her eyes as she saw that Ben was wiping the oil off his hands. She opened her mouth as if to speak but froze when Ben hooked his fingers inside the hem of her panties. Without missing a beat, he forcefully yanked them down. Bella gasped as he exposed her round ass in all its glory.
Vanessa gasped too, taken by the powerful display. She adored the entitled manner in which Ben handled the girl. He didn't even make eye contact with anyone, as though no one could possibly have any objections to him stripping this young wife.
Bella's mouth hung open in stunned shock, but her body complied, rising to assist Ben as he slid her panties all the way off. Her ragged breath made her upper body tremble as she adjusted to the fact that she was lying there completely naked. She hid her face, unable to meet the gaze of her audience.
Ben greased up his hands and returned to Bella's back. His slippery touch gradually moved lower. When his fingers meandered close to her naked ass, the blonde instinctively arched her back, inviting him to encroach further. Ben grinned at her response and gratified her by homing in on her firm cheeks. Soon he was greedily groping Bella's ass, right before their spouses.
He shifted to long strokes, moving his hands over Bella's thighs and continuing up over her ass. The blonde yelped as Ben's hands moved in between her legs, diverting their direction within inches of her pussy. As he repeated the motion, Bella pushed back, her body begging to be touched. But Ben taunted her, moving his fingers close but never quite high enough to reach their target. Bella parted her legs more with each stroke, and Vanessa's breath intensified as she realized her husband was staring straight at the young woman's naked pussy.
"Turn around," Ben instructed.
Vanessa's eyes flickered as she slowly forced her face out of hiding. She gave the audience a bewildered stare, darting her eyes between them. Vanessa smiled at her, knowing full well what cocktail of emotion was flowing through Bella's mind. Obviously affected by Ben's touch, the young wife blushed. The safe thing would be to call it all off and cover up. But Vanessa was certain the blonde's exhibitionist desire would triumph.
Slowly, Bella turned around to lie flat on her back. Her mouth twitched as she nervously looked at her husband. Neither of them spoke, fearing words might break the spell.
At first, Ben did nothing, giving both himself and the spectators a moment to admire Bella's naked body. The blonde's chest heaved with expectant excitement, and her pink nipples pointed to the sky. Her pussy was smooth, making all her enticing details available to their eyes.
"Look how wet she is," Vanessa whispered and craned her neck to get a good view of Bella's glistening folds. Too turned on to speak, Tim replied with a faint grunt.
Ben began with Bella's legs, moving his hands over her shins and up over her knees. Bella's breath trembled as he massaged her thighs, fingers grasping within inches of her aching pussy. She parted her thighs, pleading for his touch where no prim wife would crave the touch of a man other than her husband. But Ben continued his taunting, moving his hands up over her hips.
He poured a generous amount of lubricant over Bella's torso. He gently caressed her toned abs, moving higher and higher. Then, with one steady motion, he slid his hands up over her chest, each hand cupping a perky breast. The blonde moaned softly as he greedily groped her. He massaged her nipples, lightly pinching and pulling at them.
Vanessa smiled at Tim's transfixed stare, the young man taken by the sight of another man playing with his wife's tits. It was an odd sensation for Vanessa too, watching her husband fondle the young woman. Vanessa had occasionally shared him back in the days, but that was when she was regularly shared herself. Perhaps she would find traces of jealousy if she bothered to dig deep under the lust that occupied her mind. But she had no interest in such childish emotions. Tonight, she was chaperoning Bella's journey, and it was a beautiful thing.
With one hand lingering at Bella's tits, Ben's other traced downwards. He gently caressed her smooth skin as his fingers roamed closer to her mound. She raised her hips, silently pleading for his touch where she so desperately needed it.
"Spread your legs," Ben said, his voice soft but demanding.
Bella obeyed instantly and pulled her feet up to her ass before letting her knees fall to the side. Ben wheeled the table around so her parted legs faced the audience, offering a perfect view of her dripping wet pussy. Her position left her completely open, and her excited clit poked out between her parted lips. Tim and Vanessa stared wide-eyed as he continued to caress her lower abdomen in a circular motion that gradually moved dangerously close to the forbidden zone. He lingered just above her smooth folds, making everyone hold their breath. Bella moaned as he finally slid his hand down to cup her naked pussy.
"She loves it," Vanessa whispered. She grabbed Tim's hand to calm him, and the young man squeezed firmly, clearly in need of something to hold on to through his emotional turmoil.
Ben gently rubbed Bella's slippery folds between his fingers. The blonde gyrated her hips, grinding against his touch. But Ben kept his fingers away from the center of her slit, as well as her throbbing clit. Vanessa smiled, proud of her husband's restraint. His prolonged exploration of the young wife's enticing pussy held them all in elated suspense.
When he finally homed in on Bella's clit, the girl seemed to explode with pleasure. Her moans intensified in concordance with his circling fingers. Ben's other hand played with her tits, pulling at her nipples. His confident demeanor as he controlled the young woman's pleasure filled Vanessa with a deep desire for her husband.
Bella was soon on the brink of her climax. Ben slid away from her clit, and slowly pushed a finger inside her. The sensations made the blonde squeal. She bucked her hips against him, and he gratified her by adding another finger.
"She's won't last long," Vanessa whispered into Tim's ear, squeezing his hand.
Ben forcefully pumped in and out of Bella's pussy. The slippery sound of his thrusts mixed with her escalating wailing.
"He's going to do it," Vanessa said, her voice tense with excitement. "Your wife is about to come on his fingers!"
Vanessa's words seemed to send Bella over the edge.
"Oh my God! I'm coming!" she screamed and locked eyes with her husband. "Oh babe, I'm coming! He's making me...!"
Her screams turned incoherent as the orgasm took her body. Ben kept his pace, driving her through her climax with steady thrusts. Vanessa felt Tim's hand tremble, as if he shared his wife's excitement.
Ben caressed Bella's insides through her come-down and softly stroked her head. The blonde didn't seem to know what to do with herself now that she regained her senses. Her mouth twitched as her eyes darted among the three people who stared at her spent body. She was clearly taken by the experience.
"Hope you feel less tense now," Ben said casually, and wiped lubricant along with Bella's juices off his hands. He turned to Vanessa. "Come honey, we should go inside."
"Oh, OK," she said, and shuffled to her feet.
Her head was spinning with lust, and it felt strange to abruptly leave the young couple behind. But she accepted her husband's hand and followed him inside. They had barely shut the door behind them before they heard groans and moans from out on the patio. Spying out the kitchen window, they saw Tim thrusting into his wife. She was still on the table, and he had pulled her ass to the edge to access her pussy. Desperate to be inside her, he had only given himself time to drop his pants to his ankles.
"So, I assume this was the sort of plucking you meant," Ben said. "This was what you wanted, right?"
"What I want, honey..." Vanessa began, her voice oozing with erotic undertones. "What I want is for you to properly fuck her—to fully turn her into the slut wife they both so desperately want her to be."
He smirked, keeping his gaze at the fucking couple outside. "Young hearts are tender. They burn easily if cooked under too much heat. Even the slutty ones."
"Aww. Always so considerate."
She traced her fingers over the bulge in her husband's pants.
"And what about your heart?" Ben asked, tearing his eyes away from Tim and Bella. "Did you get burnt?"
"Don't you worry about my heart," Vanessa said. She let the robe fall from her body, leaving her naked before her husband. She reached between her legs and yelped at her own touch. "But I need your help with this."
She extended her glistening fingers to her husband's mouth. He grunted as he lapped up the proof of her excitement. His eyes flared with passion, and he forcefully lifted her onto the sink. He freed his erection from his pants and quickly buried it inside her.
"Oh, yes!" Vanessa yelled, knowing full well that her ecstatic shrieks would be heard out on the patio.
Images of Bella on the massage table flashed through her mind, and she pictured Ben's hands on the young woman's sexy body. Bella's vulnerable state, her body and desire exposed for them all, brought back sweet memories from when Vanessa herself was given to an older man. Abandoned lust overtook her mind.
"Promise..." she panted as her husband slammed against her. "Promise me you will fuck her!"
Ben merely responded with a guttural noise. It was all the answer Vanessa needed. She came, pulling her husband along into climax.
To be continued...