Karthik bought 2 tickets at the multiplex theater counter.
"Brother please give me two corner seat tickets.." asked Karthik.
The counter guy looked behind him and saw a beautiful girl with a shawl wrapped around her head hiding most of her face. She was wearing a tee and jeans.
Karthik looked at the guy staring at Jesse's beauty.
"Get a girl for you brother," Karthik said blatantly. The counter guy got embarrassed and gave him the tickets which were close to the invisible night camera placed inside the theater.
"Why so long?" Jesse asked, trying to hide her face and in a hurried manner.
"Chill, no one will be able to see you. You wanted to watch this film at any cost. Come on, it's getting late."
"I am just afraid that my parents or fiance will see me here with you."
"But we are just friends right? What's the issue then?" argued Karthik.
"But still..."
They entered the hall and it was almost nearly empty except for a few couples. When they neared their corner seats, Jesse didn't say anything because they were really just friends. She sat near the wall and Karthik sat next to her.
"I can't believe there are so many empty seats for my favourite star's film," Jesse pondered.
"It has run for nearly one month and I think this is the last day of its run. You are lucky," replied Karthik.
Jesse sighed, still disappointed about the lack of crowd. She was expecting to cheer along with the fans.
"I am hungry. I will buy something for us. You are okay with popcorn?" Karthik asked.
"The film will start soon. We can go in the interval," said Jesse.
"I will be back in 2 minutes. There should not be a queue at the counter," Karthik replied.
Jesse shrugged and Karthik left.
After 10 minutes, Karthik came back and the movie had already started. While giving the popcorn to Jesse, he accidentally dropped both the Pepsi and coffee cups onto her body.
Jesse let out a small gasp and looked angrily at Karthik.
"What the hell Karthik?" Jesse blurted out.
"Sorry sorry, dropped it by mistake," apologized Karthik.
Jesse turned away from him and continued watching the film.
"Are you not going to clean?" asked Karthik.
"No, I don't want to miss one moment in the film. Will go in the interval," replied Jesse grudgingly.
"Okay whatever.."
After a few minutes, Jesse felt a tickle at her feet and saw ants and houseflies rounding her tee and jeans.
"Look what you have done, now how can I watch the movie?" asked Jesse.
Karthik was into the film and didn't notice her at first. She nudged him in his stomach and looked at her.
"I will give you an idea if you don't want to miss the movie," told Karthik.
"Go on..."
"It is very dark here and there are no people around us. No one will know if you remove your clothes," offered Karthik.
A popcorn fell out of Jesse's mouth and for the first time, her concentration was on something else other than the movie.
"No way..." Jesse made her decision.
"If it is okay for you to be stinking here and ants roasting your body, then fine," Karthik replied casually.
"Look, I won't even look at you. Promise!" Karthik added.
Jesse hesitated to strip in a public place and was also frightened being unclothed near her male friend. What will happen if my fiance gets to know this? She thought.
She made up her mind. She has to enjoy her hero in the theater peacefully.
"Please don't turn this side. Watch the movie only. Okay?" Jesse asked shyly.
"Sure," there was a hidden smirk on his face.
She began to lift her tee and was hoping that her slip was not soaked that much. Even while doing this, her concentration was on the screen. Karthik obviously took a glance, that being his intention from the beginning.
She had medium sized firm boobs from the look of it. Her slip did a good job of at least hiding the proper size of her assets. To his surprise, she lifted her slip too over her head.
He heard her murmuring that the slip too is wet and stinky.
His eyes were now directly staring at her boobies. He was wrong. The two melons were bigger than he thought with the slip on.
It was quite dark and when a scene transitioned with white light, he was able to get a good look of her breasts.
Next the jeans came off.
"Don't look at me now. I am wearing only my panties. Can you put my clothes next to your seat?" Jesse requested trying her best to hide her boobs with both her hands.
Karthik obliged and put them next to him.
In the security room, the ticket counter guy was looking at the night camera's live recording of Jesse's strip show. He locked the door from inside and began to make strokes on his 8 inch cock.
Innocent Jesse would not know now that she would be blackmailed by this video by both Karthik and the counter guy.
As the film progressed near the interval, Karthik placed his right palm on her naked navel. She protested at first, but then when Karthik pointed at her clothes, a sudden realization hit her. She was almost nude in a theater with the rest of her clothes with someone else.
He had total control of her now. He slowly moved his palm under her panty and found that her pussy was clean shaved.
Jesse was moaning uncontrollably since this was the first time she was getting touched by a man. Karthik was gently massaging her pussy. Quickly, with his other hand he caught hold of her left boob and began caressing it. Now Jesse couldn't concentrate on the movie and got visibly pleasured.
She could not even protest fearing exposure to the public and ultimately his family/fiance that too in this state.
She was naked soon and the panty was torn in the process. She was also holding his cock in her hand and pulling it up and down steadily.
The lights were on after a few minutes indicating the interval. One man from the middle row took a peak at the back and saw Karthik sitting in his seat, cupping Jesse's breasts and fucking her from behind. He immediately turned back and stepped out to the restroom.
It took them a few seconds to realize that the lights were on now.
"Karthik, stop. Anyone can see us. Please give my clo..." paused Jesse looking in disbelief.
"Where are my clothes?" asked Jessie.
Karthik looked near his seat and found the seat empty.
Meanwhile, the counter guy was still watching the live camera recording from the security room with Jesse's stained clothes under his feet on the floor.
"Let's see how the slut escapes from here," the guy laughed wholeheartedly.
"Don't worry. It must be here only," Karthik tried to convince her.
"No it's not here. Oh God, what am I going to do? I should have never come to this damn movie," blabbered Jessie.
She looked at him and asked, " Can you give me your shirt at least?"
"Listen, I can't. Even I came here without informing my parents. I will be noticed if I don't have my shirt. Sorry Jesse, you will have to stay naked somehow..." Karthik said.
The thought of asking Karthik to buy her a dress or even a kerchief didn't cross her mind.
The movie continued to play after the interval. Jesse no longer wanted to watch the movie and wanted to go out as soon as possible.
She called Rani, her female friend.
"Hey, can you please come to the theater near your house?" Jesse asked.
"Why Jesse? I was going to have a nap..." said Rani sleepily.
"Listen, it's urgent and I am stuck in here without any clothes. Please come in a cab with some clothes for me to wear. Please understand!"
"What? Are you serious? How did you end up naked in a cinema hall?" Rani asked shockingly.
"That's a long story. Please help me and come to the parking lot directly," Jesse said looking at the exit sign for parking.
Until Rani arrived, Karthik was playing with Jesse's naked bosom and deep navel. She didn't give in at first, but Karthik's hand was working like magic and soon she was wet. That's when the phone came from Rani.
"I am waiting in the parking lot. Come fast!" Rani spoke on the mobile.
"Yeah coming in 2 minutes," replied Jesse and began to crawl her way out to the parking exit door without anyone noticing.
Karthik stayed behind to watch the movie and also recorded the whole video of Jesse crawling naked.
Jesse went to the parking lot where sudden fright came upon her. Rani was waiting in a cab outside the gate. She had to cross the gate to get into the cab.
But there were three men chatting in front of the gate. The gate was not opened since there was still time for the next show.
Jesse was crouched behind a car, still thinking of a plan. She thought of calling Rani inside, but was skeptical if the men would allow people inside. She picked up the phone to try. At that same moment, her phone rang with a loud ringtone audible to those men and it was a call from Rani.
"Oh shit," she immediately put the phone to silent and cut the call. She messaged her saying she is stuck behind a car.
Jesse noticed with panic that two of them were coming near her place hearing her ringtone.
"Who is there?" asked one of them.
Jesse saw that they were quite young and should have recently completed school.
One of them was able to see Jesse's bare buttocks in the car's mirror behind her.
"Dude, there is a naked chick over there hiding behind her," that boy said.
"It's our lucky day. We won't be virgins anymore," the other boy told joyfully.
"Broo, come here. Look at this exhibitionist hiding here," shouted the boy to the third boy who was still standing near the gate.
Jesse heard this, "Please don't come near me. I don't have any clothes on me. Please!"
"That's why we are coming near you, slut".
"I am calling the police," she shouted.
They stopped and one of them replied.
"Okay, then your naked photo will be on the internet. Your wish!" one of the boys countered.
"Please... leave me alone. I am in a desperate situation," Jesse begged.
They were now looking at her lustfully. One of them quickly unzipped his tracks and took his penis out.
"Suck.." the boys ordered.
"No please..."
He lifted his phone to indicate he had her photo.
She reluctantly came forward and began to put his cock into her mouth. A hand immediately grabbed her back head and pushed it forward. And then, he placed his two palms on her boobs and began pressing them.
"Dude, looks like the slut is wet taking your cock in," one of the other guys said.
The other guy began to put his cock into her butthole.
"Oh no, they are fucking me from both ends," Jesse thought.
While she thought this, the last boy began to suck her hard pointed nipples. And his hand was fingering her pussy. She couldn't control herself and gave in to the unexplored pleasure.
"Jesse, what are you doing?" Rani shouted.
The three boys looked at Rani in fear.
"Here, wear this first." Rani gave her the dress which was a bit tight for her body.
"I will give a complaint to you three first things tomorrow morning," said Jesse, facing those boys.
Though she had no intention of doing that fearing her video will come out in the open.
The counter guy was watching all this in the camera and had every evidence of the happenings of today's strange events.
He sent the video to Karthik's mobile number (got from the ticket booking).
It seemed the plight had not yet ended for Jesse as she walked towards the cab adjusting her dress to cover her cleavage.