To Jeff's surprise, his parking lot plan went flawlessly. He and Mary arrived at the first small parking with about a dozen spaces only to find it full. Without any help, Mary quickly noticed the overflow parking sign. Jeff, without hesitation, whipped the car around and made their way a quarter mile down the road to the second lot. Slightly bigger, and sparsely populated, they pulled into a spot towards the rear of the lot.
As they stepped out, they each looked to the direction of the beach. as the sandy gravel turned to dunes, there were two clear paths that led to the beach. Jeff knew that the right path would lead to the "clothing optional area." After gathering their supplies, they made their way to the end of the lot.
"This way looks like it'll be less busy" Jeff said nonchalantly, trying to keep his cool.
"Sound good to me!" Mary quipped
Jeff allowed Mary to walk first, mainly so he could keep an eye on her luscious thong-clad ass, but also to gauge her reaction to the nudity.
Jeff continued chit chatting to distract Mary from the small but obvious clothing optional sign. It sat just beneath the standard beach rules and regulations sign posted before the dune walkway. Luckily for Jeff, it was partially obstructed by tall grass from the dunes.
After walking the twenty yards on a narrow wooden walkway between the dunes, it came to an opening of smooth white sand and a slight slope leading down to the beach. The ocean was at low tide. The beach extended almost forty yards from dunes to the water. the waves were low and a slight breeze with a scent salt could be smelled.
Enamored by the beautiful and relaxing sight before them, the couple slipped off their shoes and let the sun-soaked sand warm their feet. It was at the moment Mary stepped into the opening past the dunes that she noticed the first naked body.
"Jeff!" she said called in a loud whisper to her rear. She then used her eyes and a slight nod of the head to point to her right. Jeff looked and saw an older couple, most likely in their 50's sitting in chairs beneath their umbrella. At first glance, nothing looked out of the ordinary but after a moment Jeff realized they were completely nude.
Jeff returned Mary's look with a shrug. Aa they walked further onto the beach Jeff caught up beside Mary. The beach was sparely populated but it was becoming more and more evident to Mary this was no ordinary beach.
"Oh my god, I think we're at a nude beach?!" Mary exclaimed. "What should we do?" she asked.
Now was the critical moment, Jeff chose his words carefully. "Well, we're already here, and it isn't busy. Also, we don't HAVE to get naked either."
"Yeah, that's true. Okay then, where to?"
Jeff couldn't believe she has so readily agreed to stay.
"How about over there?". Jeff gestured up the beach where they'd have at least twenty yards around them. Jeff also noticed a younger couple situated just beyond the location, from the distance it was hard to tell, but he guessed they were in their mid 40's, which was young for a typical nude beach crowd and he was hoping to get a closer look.
After trudging through the sand to their desired location they set down their small cooler, pitched their umbrella, and set up their towels. Jeff realized they were quickly approaching another decision point, to be or not to be...naked.
Mary peeled off her coverup revealing her itty-bitty red thong bikini.
"You're definitely gonna need sunscreen on that ass of yours." Jeff said as he moved to grab the sunscreen. Mary lied on her stomach looked at Jeff. "Chop chop!"
Jeff generously applied sunscreen over her entire back and legs, saving her ass for last. He sensed Mary was getting turned as she slowly parted her legs as Jeff rubbed her ass and inner thighs.
Jeff, growing bolder, pulled the thin red strip of material to the side and let his finger glide from Mary's Labia to her asshole. Mary let out two soft moans as Jeff's finger encountered each of her holes.
Regaining her composure, Mary turned and look at Jeff, "Excuse me, sir, but I'm trying to enjoy the sun."
"Sorry, I couldn't resist," Jeff said, as he released her thong and the material snapped back into place, barely covering her asshole.
Not long after Mary unsnapped the back of her top to prevent tan lines. Jeff couldn't keep his eyes off his wife. From his angle All it looked like she was wearing was her tiny red thong that was swallowed by her plump ass.
After twenty minutes of relaxing and a drink or two Jeff was sensing Mary was becoming more relaxed. Occasionally when chatting she would turn to him, leaning on her elbow and her breast and nipple would be exposed. Jeff decided to test the waters with her comfortability.
"At this point you might as well lose the top... No one is around plus you would've shown them around to everyone already.
Mary rolled her eyes "I seriously doubt that. How about you lose your bottoms and I'll reconsider."
Jeff was ecstatic. He was just trying for Mary to go topless... But she proposed full nude. A slight wave of nervousness coupled with horniness overtook him. "You know what, it's totally worth it to enjoy the view of you."
"Seriously" Mary replied? "You want all these old men to see me naked? I thought for sure you'd want me all to yourself."
"You know babe, it is kind is hot knowing all the men can check out your smoking body, but know that I', the only one who gets to have you," He said in the most sexy tone he could come up with.
Mary rolled her eyes again. "I'm not that attractive."
"Oh, believe me. You ARE." Jeff replied sternly. Mary saw herself less attractive than she actually was, and Jeff knew this was his chance to rectify it.
"You know what, if you don't mind your wife naked for other men, then I don't care either."
In one smooth motion Mary rolled to her back and brought her knees to her chest, like a sit-up, and peeled her tiny red thong from her waist and past her toes and flung it towards Jeff.
.........
To be continued