Strip-Off: Chaos!
Part 3
Arrow looked on in satisfaction as the audience filtered into the showroom. As usual, it was a decent turnout. Arrow had worried that their show would be too niche and too downright strange to get any positive feedback, much less demand for a second season.
"Well," Arrow said, chuckling to themself, "I suppose one should never underestimate the horniness of humanity."
Once the audience had been fully seated, Arrow tapped on their microphone and began to speak. "Welcome to the second challenge of Strip-Off: Season Two! I'm your host, Arrow Ace, and I hope you're all horny, because we have a treat for you all tonight!"
The audience cheered. They were clearly looking forward to the show- there were lots of lotion bottles and tissue boxes being brought out in the audience section.
"Now then. Let me introduce today's game: Make it Out! Teams are on screen."
The teams that popped up were as follows: Lilith was with Isabelle, and Pup with Maya.
Arrow proceeded to explain the game. "Now, this game is simple. One team will make out, passing a round, hard candy between their mouths. The other team will masturbate to this incredibly arousing sight. Once the masturbating team cums, the makeout team will stop, and they will have to guess which person has the candy in their mouth. Then, we switch teams. First team to guess correctly three times wins! If the candy melts completely- it should do so after about an hour of making out- we will consider it a tie."
Isabelle blushed. "I... I have to... make out with Lilith? In front of everyone...? Ahhh, umm..."
Lilith turned towards her, grinning deviously. "What's the matter? You don't wanna make out with your hot, smart, sexy girlfriend? Aww, too bad, I guess you won't get to feel my wet, hot tongue in your mouth, playing with your sensitive lips..."
Isabelle covered her face. "Okay, okay, fine... I... I want to make out with you... in front of everyone..."
Arrow laughed. "Well, you'll have to wait your turn. Maya and Pup are going first."
Arrow handed them the candy- it was red, and decently sized, like a jawbreaker or a gumball.
Pup snatched it up, putting it in her mouth. She stuck out her tongue for the audience, with the candy on it.
Maya grumbled. "Man. I was gonna take the candy..."
Pup grinned. "If you want it so badly, come and take it."
Maya didn't have to think twice. She grabbed Pup's head, leaned her head back, and bent forward to kiss her. Pup let out a whimper in surprise, but started purring in pleasure as Maya's tongue went in and out of her mouth. Their tongues were coiling around each other sensually, and their lips were nibbling and caressing each other. Pup even went to nibble on Maya's neck briefly, causing her to moan and beg for more kisses on her lips. She then went back to passing the candy.
Isabelle was blushing furiously, only watching them from the corner of her eye. "I... I can't masturbate in front of so many people... and to someone who isn't my girlfriend..."
Lilith, who was playing with her pussy quite roughly through her suit bottoms, looked over at her. "Your upper mouth and your lower mouth are saying different things, you naughty girl..."
Isabelle looked down. Her suit bottoms were wet. She blushed even more. "I'm sorry... I..."
Lilith smiled. "It's okay. I like watching you masturbate to other girls. Mmm... I feel sooooo horny. Don't you wanna join me?"
Isabelle gently touched her clit through her suit, playing with it lightly. "Mmm... maybe just... a little..."
"Harder," Lilith said to her in a commanding tone.
Isabelle blushed further. "B-but..."
"Harder, or I'm going to punish you."
Isabelle mumbled, "Yes, mommy..."
Both of them tried their best to look at the furious make-out session between Maya and Pup, but they were both moaning and shivering, distracted by the fact that they were spreading their legs and masturbating in front of an audience. Finally, Isabelle groaned and came into her hand, and seeing this, Lilith did the same.
Arrow called out- "Alright, stop! Time to guess!"
Pup stopped kissing Maya, disappointed. "Aww... I wanna keep kissing and pleasuring Maya with my dirty, slutty mouth..."
Maya laughed. "You're such a dirty, perverted bitch in heat..."
Isabelle looked a bit panicked. "S-sorry, mistress... I closed my eyes when I came... I couldn't see whose tongue went in whose mouth last..."
Lilith shrugged. "It's okay, Isa. I didn't see either. But, Maya definitely has the candy in her mouth. She sounds different- her voice is a bit muffled."
Arrow laughed. "Well! Let's check. Maya, stick your tongue out."
Maya did so- the candy was on her tongue. She blushed as she realized that her face was flushed and hot from her makeout session. A flushed, hot face with a tongue sticking out... Maya knew she looked like such a slut like that, and she liked it.
Arrow clapped. "One point for the lesbian couple! Now, Maya, give your candy to the other team."
Maya smiled, walking over to Isabelle. "Open wide..."
Isabelle squeaked. "M-my girlfriend... she's right there... I can't kiss you in front of her..." Lilith waved playfully.
Maya took the candy out of her mouth with her fingers, and shoved it in her mouth. "Who said anything about kissing you? You act all innocent, but you're really a dirty-minded pervert, aren't you? Kneel and show the audience the candy."
Isabelle looked at Lilith pleadingly, but Lilith just smiled and nodded, waiting for her to do as she was told. She got on her knees and stuck her tongue out. Something about watching a strong, stocky woman with a butch haircut kneel town and blush in such a submissive way was intensely arousing, and more than a few audience members orgasmed to this sight.
Arrow gave the signal for them to begin, and Lilith immediately pushed Isabelle down and began kissing her, hard and fast. She humped her leg and groped at her boobs hungrily, taking breaks from lip-locking her by whispering in her ear things like "You like that?" and "They're masturbating to you..." Isabelle could do nothing but whimper and squirm helplessly as Lilith pleasured her and wriggled her tongue in her mouth.
Maya was humping her fingers, talking dirty to herself and shaking her hips for the audience's pleasure. "Mmm, what a hot show... I love watching sexy ladies having some "girl time" together. Mmm, so dirty..."
Pup, meanwhile, was talking to the audience. "Mmm... hah... hah... I'm... going for... a sub-five minute orgasm... hah... subscribe to my channel for more... sexy gaming speedruns...!"
Pup did indeed end up cumming within five minutes, and Maya did the same. When asked for their guess, both immediately said, "Isabelle." Isabelle stuck out her tongue- and indeed, the candy was there.
"How did you know?" Lilith said, a bit disappointed.
Maya snorted. "You were shoving your tongue in her mouth, you were on top of her, and she didn't even have the chance to TRY to put the candy in your mouth."
Isabelle blushed. "Oops... I... like having my lips taken by Lilith... a bit too much, huh...?"
This continued for another two rounds. Lilith managed to trick the other team into speaking and giving away the candy location again, and despite her efforts to hold back, Lilith still ended up pushing Isabelle down and forcing the candy to stay in her mouth.
At this point, both teams were incredibly horny, having orgasmed twice each. It was Maya and Pup's turn to make out again, and if Lilith and Isabelle managed to guess correctly, the game would be over.
Arrow signaled for them to begin, and so they did. Maya kissed Pup like usual, but then Pup pulled back a bit, looking Maya in the eye. "Please spank me... I'm a dirty, puppy bitch... I'm such a whore... I deserve to be spanked while your tongue is inside my mouth..."
Maya grinned evilly, then leaned in to kiss Pup even harder as she slapped her round butt loudly in front of the audience. It was loud enough to cover Pup's moans and whimpers, so that Lilith couldn't tell if she had the candy or not.
Once Lilith and Isabelle finally came, Lilith grinned and spoke. "You two enjoyed us watching you, didn't you?"
Both of them stayed silent.
Isabelle sighed. "I knew that trick wouldn't work again..."
"Relax. There are other ways to get girls to make noise..."
Lilith went up to Pup and began fondling her chest. Pup had to struggle not to let out her voice at all.
Maya looked at Arrow. "Uh... is this against the rules?"
Arrow shrugged. "Not really."
Maya sighed. "Well, that does mean I can touch her too, though... right?"
Arrow nodded. Maya immediately went over to spank Pup's ass again. She whispered in her ear. "Don't you dare make a sound, you fucking whore. You like being spanked, right? Mmm, that's right..."
Pup whimpered a little, but not loud enough for Lilith to hear over the loud spanking noises Maya was generating. The audience was briefly enraptured by the sight of Pup being accosted on both sides by two different girls, panting and struggling to contain her moans.
Finally, Arrow stepped in. "Your guess? We don't have all day."
Lilith guessed, "Maya". Maya grinned and stuck out her tongue, devoid of candy.
Maya laughed. "Now, if we win the next round...!"
Isabelle looked up at Lilith pleadingly. "You need to stop jumping on me and making out with me so forcefully! Otherwise they will just guess that I have the candy and win! Just go a bit easier on me this time!"
Lilith sighed. "Okay, okay, I'll go easier on you..." She stared hungrily at Isabelle's lips. "...on second thought, losing might not be so bad..."
Isabelle barely had time to protest before Lilith jumped on her again. Maya and Pup started masturbating quickly before Isabelle had the chance to fight back, and they both quickly came.
Arrow smiled. "Your guess?"
Maya opened her mouth, but Pup jumped in. "Lilith has it."
Maya turned to her angrily. "The fuck? Are you CRAZY-"
Lilith stuck out her tongue. The candy was on it.
Pup giggled. "I watched the first season. I know how tricky and smart Lilith can be. She was trying to trick us into thinking that she was too horny to think straight, when in actuality she was calculating the best way to manipulate our choices and make us pick Isabelle every time."
Lilith sighed. "Well, drat. I guess you win then..."
Arrow laughed. "Show us those boobs, Isabelle!"
Arrow clicked their remote four times. All at once, Lilith's midriff and legs were exposed. She would have to walk around in what was essentially a bikini for the rest of the show. She didn't seem fazed by this, though- she had been stripped on television before, after all.
Isabelle, on the other hand, having lost two games in a row, was now down only to the suit bottoms, which just barely covered her pussy and ass. Her toned stomach and boobs were now exposed. She desperately covered herself up, shouting "Kyaaaa!" and blushing furiously as the audience hooted and whistled at her.
Lilith slapped Isabelle's ass. "No covering up."
Isabelle shyly tucked her hands behind her back, exposing her hard, pink nipples. "P-please don't look too closely..."
Arrow turned to the audience. "Looks like our shy, submissive friend here is going to be showing off her boobs to the world for the next few weeks! See you all next time on Strip-Off!"