As the Series title indicates, scat play is a factor here. Each chapter can be read as a stand-alone, though they are somewhat interlinked and are populated by recurring characters. Click on my username to find previous chapters easily. Comments always welcomed.
Spring Break arrived and Chloe and Drew decided to make the pilgrimage south to Florida with the thousands of other college fun-seekers looking for a good time. They thought they would drive down in Drew's usually reliable car making the 24-hour sojourn in a single bound, each driving for 12 hours. Coming home might be a different story, depending on what kind of shape they were in. So that one wouldn't have to drive through all the nighttime hours while the other had all the daylight ones, they left early in the afternoon figuring to switch early the next morning, Chloe driving first. Everything went well, and they switched at a rest area somewhere in South Carolina.
Chloe had plenty of time to think about what she hoped for in Florida while Drew slept, and decided she would like to try something new, something totally out of character for her. One thing she had thought about sometimes was taking on the role of a dominatrix: to make someone, a man or a woman, her slave for a time, to have this person totally at her command sexually. She was sure she could never play the slave herself, at least not for very long, and not without numerous prohibitions, but to be the dominant mistress might be fun. She had been intrigued by the dom/sub role playing Mark and Jessica had tried during their holiday in Virginia, only she wanted to be the dom. Could she find a guy or girl in Florida who would be her slave, do whatever she asked, no matter how kinky or degrading? She hoped so.
She got herself so worked up and excited thinking about this hour after hour while zipping down the I-95, when they got to the rest area to switch places (it was pretty deserted at that time), she thought she'd give this new role a tryout and ordered Drew to eat out her pussy. He thought maybe they should just keep driving, but she acted appalled at his suggestion. Thinking that the best mistresses never screamed or yelled at their slaves but made their intentions known forcefully and emphatically in a steady normal voice, Chloe said to him, "Take my shorts off and get your fucking face in my cunt and start licking. Now. Don't make me have to say it again. And lick my asshole, too!"
"Are you okay?" Drew asked. "What's going on?"
She gave him a steely look and spoke perhaps a tad louder and just as icily, "Eat my cunt and lick my ass. How hard can that be, slave? Do it."
Wisely concluding that Chloe must be rehearsing a role she had concocted while he was asleep (her calling him "slave" tipped him off), he hopped right to it. With Chloe stretched out on the back seat, he removed her shorts and panties and buried his face in her pussy. She was already very wet and he tongued her labia and all around her clit. She pulled her legs back over her head exposing her asshole, and his tongue quickly beelined to her rosebud. She tasted a bit sweaty from the long hours of sitting behind the wheel, but Drew relished her taste. He got her asshole sopping wet with his saliva, inserted his finger into it, and went back to eating her pussy. It wasn't long before she came, grabbing him by the hair and rubbing his face into her. He asked her if he could fuck her, but she said, "No. You need all your energy for driving. And you don't ask, you are told. Let's go." Yeah, this dominant mistress role was definitely on her Florida agenda!
They pulled into Lauderdale about two in the afternoon and found a somewhat divey motel outside the city. Hopefully they would hook up with some other people who might offer them better accommodations, but where they might lay their heads at night wasn't the point during Spring Break, it was with whom. They changed into bathing suits, Chloe's a string bikini tiny enough to fit in a matchbox, and headed for the beach.
The beach was packed with the pride of America's youth, all determined to live for the moment or die. Chloe and Drew went their separate ways, to meet up again sometime later, neither knew exactly when. Chloe began her search for a sex slave, still not sure whether this person would be male or female. Her stunning beauty was a magnet for attention, and she had lots of opportunities to size up candidates. She also got invited to about a dozen parties being thrown all around the area. While sipping a beer at an alfresco bar, she found what she was looking for.
His name was Lewis. He was less than a year younger than she, handsome enough with light brown curly hair and a decent physique, and quickly exuded an aura of not just being happy or even lucky to be talking to Chloe, but of being subservient to her, that he didn't deserve being with her, and must do anything to keep her allowing him to remain in her company. He was shy, of course, and not very comfortable around girls, but also not prudish, not "backward" sexually (she determined); he was like the person who could hardly swim but loved sailing.
Subtlety was not something Chloe was going to resort to with Lewis. First of all, there wasn't a whole lot of time; secondly, it probably wouldn't work with him. As they talked at the bar she stroked his hand, leaned into him, talked almost exclusively of sexy things, sexy doings, how she loved sex, until Lewis saw her as a supreme sex goddess and was totally hooked. She told him she would allow him certain privileges (never explicitly spelled out), but he would have to do exactly what she wanted him to, whenever and wherever, and no matter how extreme or wild they may seem. What else could he do but agree.
She started small and worked her way up. He must walk behind her always, never speak unless spoken to, never allow her to carry anything. He would amuse her at her whim: buy her whatever she wanted (she wasn't after his money, they'd be small items, embarrassing things: tampons, KY jelly, a butt plug, all of which he'd have to carry in his hands in full display); make him piss in public against a wall or on a palm tree rather than use the men's room; put makeup on that made him look like a drag queen. She would berate him in public.
But she knew where to draw the line, when and how to apply the soothing stroke after the harsh lashing. She would suddenly turn around and kiss him, grab his cock, tell him how she was going to fuck him later, suck his cock, lick his filthy asshole, let him do whatever he fucking wanted to her... then blow up at him because she thought his cock didn't get hard fast enough. He was just an ungrateful piece of shit after all, she'd tell him.
She would sneak him into public restrooms with her, into a stall, and make him lick her pussy, then piss in his mouth, knowing what he didn't swallow would just run down his chin onto his shirt, and he'd have to go out in public with a piss-stained smelly shirt on. She would say to him, "Do you like being with me, Lewis? Isn't this so much fun, you shit?" And he would answer, Yes, it was the best time he'd ever had in his fucking life.
That was just routine daytime stuff. Really interesting things happened after dark. They would go to a nightclub, Chloe wearing a tight, low cut mini dress, no underwear as usual, and she would dance with him for maybe five minutes and then leave him at the bar or at a small table while she went off throwing herself at other guys. She would dance with these guys right in front of him, telling them to touch her ass, her tits. They were most obliging, and she would look at Lewis with disgust. Sometimes she'd leave the club with some guy and come back a short while later with remnants of cum on her face and tell him how fucking big the guy's cock was and how she sucked it all the way down to his hairy balls and then let him shoot all over her face and in her mouth.
One night, late, she got very drunk and spent a lot of time getting it on with another girl, all in front of him. They danced together, hugging each other as intimately as they could get away with, grinding their pussies into each other, when they went off to the ladies' room. When she came back, she kissed Lewis and he could taste shit on her lips and in her mouth, and she laughed and said the girl had shit a beautiful wet turd in Chloe's hand and "we both then sucked on it, savoring the hot fucking bitch's shit." She said the girl wanted Chloe to shit also, but she said she couldn't, that she was saving it to give to "Guess who, Lewis? Guess?!"
They immediately left the club and outside Chloe dragged him toward the beach, only a block or so away, and onto the sand. She still made him walk behind her, but now she lifted her dress up high and flaunted her naked ass and pussy in front of him, told him how he was going to get to fuck her gorgeous ass and pussy, didn't they look beautiful? Something deep inside of her was doing somersaults as she was torn between wanting to smother his body with hers, suck his cock and balls, and fuck him hard, and slapping him and making him get down on his knees and crawl behind her with his face in her ass. She wanted both and at the same time. She told him she bet he couldn't wait to get his hard nasty cock inside of her and fuck her, but also how she was going to shit on him and how much he was going to love it. He couldn't believe his ears, and if this was exactly what was going to happen, going through all those embarrassing, humiliating things so far was worth it.
They went down fairly close to the water's edge; a near-full moon illuminated things tolerably. She told him to take his clothes off and she pulled her dress off over her head. She performed a sexy dance all around him, careening her beautiful naked body into his and then quickly pushing him away, letting him touch her tits and then slapping his hands away. She laughed and was having the time of her life. She forced him down on the sand on his back and she immediately sat on his face, rubbing her ass all along his mouth. She barked at him to lick her hard and put his tongue in her ass. This was a dream come true for Lewis, and he licked her passionately. She was loving the role she was playing, felt sexually charged, and realized he was no amateur with that tongue. He licked her rosebud thoroughly, pushing his tongue deep inside of her.
Then she strained a bit and a small three-inch turd emerged from her ass, bounced off his face, and fell in the sand. "Don't waste my shit, you motherfucker!" she berated him, trying to keep her voice steady and authoritative, and not furious. "Catch it in your filthy mouth!" He said he was sorry and would be more careful.
The following deposit was softer and creamier and spread over his face as it flowed onto him. Chloe realized again that he was an old hand at this, the way he relished her defecation and took it all without hesitation. She ground her ass into his face, moaning with pleasure. "Eat my shit," she said to him. "You know you love it. Mmmm, let me feel your tongue in my ass again." He couldn't get enough of her.
Now going wild herself, Chloe got off his face and moved down to his fully-erect cock, straddled it, and pushed him into her cunt. His cock plowed into her, filling her with intense satisfaction. She scraped off some of the shit from his face and rubbed it on her tits, massaging them with it as with a wondrous cream. She rode his cock as she licked her nipples, tasting her shit and moaning; the intense joy brought about by spreading the poop over her tits was magnificent. She reached back and rammed two fingers up her ass, both her holes now filled. The pleasure this produced was also immense. "Fuck me, fucker," she growled, "it feels sooo good! Pound my cunt!" She soon reached an apex of intensity in her cunt, and her climax erupted with a shudder. A few seconds later Lewis volcanoed deep inside her.
She got off him, caught her breath for a moment, and resumed the role of Mistress Chloe. She kicked sand on him, and called him a filthy pig. "Come on and wash yourself off, you dirty scuzz." They both ran into the ocean and scrubbed the poop off themselves. When the shit on her tits proved difficult to remove, she had him suck on them and get it off with his teeth. He was enjoying this so much, as was she, that she was forced to make him stop. When they were done they came back to where their clothes were, and she told him to spread his pants and shirt out so they could sit on them and dry off.
Then he made two mistakes: he tried to sit near her, and he asked what they were going to do next. "Get the fuck away from me, you nasty piece of slime!" she cried, blasting him with her words this time. "And how dare you talk to me before being spoken to! You are being intolerable, you shit!" And then much more calmly and with the air of a stuck-up bitch for effect, added, "In fact, I am dismissing you for the rest of the evening, you need to go home. I have a party I must go to anyway. Do you know what's going to happen at that party, Lewis? No, of course you don't. Let me tell you: I expect my cunt and asshole will be fucked over and over again as my body is being covered in creamy shit from everyone there. How does that sound, Lewis? Mmmm, I can hardly wait. So go, and think about that, and I will see you tomorrow, if you're lucky."
Meanwhile, Drew was having some adventures of his own. He met an old acquaintance on the beach who knew of his photography and film interests and asked him if he wanted to make a few bucks videoing a piss party. A fairly large tent was set up on a private section of beach in which a large inflatable swimming pool was placed for the party. Basically, about 20 people at a time got in the pool, most naked, some with a variety of clothes on, and pissed on each other. Some people were just experimenting and goofing around, but others were really into it. Some of these people came in groups and had been saving their piss for who knows how long so they could produce huge amounts.
One woman, a beautiful blonde with long hair, had seven guys piss on her from head to toe, but mostly in her mouth, much of which she swallowed, and then sucked their cocks. She had doused her body with some sort of body oil beforehand so the piss really glistened on her. Gorgeous! It was pretty hot to see her sprawled out in puddles of piss, drenched, getting fucked while she sucked another cock. Drew got it all on film.
Drew also attended a party where he met Mia. They were talking while downing several beers, and an off-chance remark got them on the topic of scat. She said that back home in Indiana she liked to lock herself in the bathroom, take a huge shit on the floor, and then rub it all over her body, including her face, and make herself come with her fingers or a dildo. She liked to put some in her mouth too; that really drove her over the top. She said she would sometimes video herself, and just so happened to have one such performance uploaded on her phone now, would he like to see it?
"Sure," he told her. Drew prided himself on his scatting "talents," especially his enthusiasm for it, and was excited to see Mia was also enthralled by it.
"Not here, though," she said, "maybe someplace more private."
She was rooming with several girlfriends, so he suggested they go to the motel he and Chloe rented when they first got there. "Nothing very fancy," he warned her.
"That's okay," she said. "I'm used to unfancy back in Indiana."
Ever the braggart, while driving to the motel he told her about Club Venery and how sometimes he'd been shit on by three or four women who smeared it all over him and then fucked him and also sucked his cock loaded with shit. "Oh, wow," she said, "a real pro." He couldn't tell whether she thought he did this for money or was making fun of him, but let it pass.
She showed him the video and it was fantastic, better than she described it. She was in a typical decent-sized bathroom and had taken off all her clothes, to Drew's great satisfaction (he wasn't a fan of videos that showed women smearing shit on their blouses or skirts or even their underwear instead of their skin). She flaunted her beautiful ass a bit for the camera, pulling open her cheeks, caressing her crack; then with her back to the camera, she began to shit on the tiled floor. The shit she took was huge, a long hefty log and then several additional dumps of creamy paste. She put her fingers in her ass and a little more came out. Then she turned around and sat facing the camera and started wiping her poop on her body, first all around her pussy and over the lips, then her tits, really covering them and massaging them well, getting hotter by the second.
"Wow," he said. "You look incredible, Mia, sexy as all fuck."
"Thanks. I was really enjoying it." She moved closer to him as they watched.
She finished covering her torso before moving up to her neck and face. She moaned as her hands washed all over her face and across her mouth. She then turned again so her ass faced the camera and took a large handful of shit and spread it across her ass cheeks and into her crack, sticking her finger back in her asshole again. Then she laid on her back, her body positioned east to west in front of the camera, and took the rest of the shit and smeared it on her cunt, pushing her fingers inside. She was very excited now, her body beginning to spasm.
Then, a big surprise, she reached to the side of her legs out of the camera's reach and brought out a plastic container filled with dark brown shit, logs and cream, and really started to slather her body. She mashed it on her tits, really hot now, down her belly and over her legs, then up to her face again, moaning louder with each swipe. She broke off a four-inch piece of log and put it in her mouth and sucked it like a cock; she lifted her body up and toward the camera so you could really see her suck on this turd, loving every inch of it. She opened her mouth and her tongue was black and slime from the log half-filled it and spilled out over her chin.
She laid back down again and emptied the container on her tits and spread it on her so that it was several inches thick. She took a massive handful and put it in her hair totally covering it in the black goo. She was wild now, reacting to the pleasure she was feeling. Her hair all covered, she brought her hands down to her pussy again and started to finger-fuck her cunt. Loud moans and yells of "Fuck!" and "Shit!" and "Oh yes, yes!" were heard. Then she orgasmed and hugged herself, completely satiated. It lasted about 12 minutes and was unbelievably sexy and erotic. Drew loved it.
The video got them both pretty turned on, and after some kissing and foreplay, they agreed to have sex like in the video, with lots of shit. Drew went out to the car and retrieved a plastic sheet and a plastic container he remembered throwing in a cooler before leaving Jersey. He showed her the container, which had three large turds in it. He mentioned Chloe to her and how she was very much into scat sex, and asked if she'd mind him calling her to include her in the session, and she said okay. He called, but her phone was turned off (he found out later she had been at that party she told Lewis about and that it had played out exactly as she described it to him).
They covered the bed with the sheeting, took off their clothes, and hopped on. Her body looked just as stunning in person as it did in the video, and Drew wrapped his arms around her in a big embrace. She said she hadn't shit in two days and really had to go, and Drew told her to do it on his belly. She squatted over his stomach and her sphincter opened releasing a long juicy turd that curled into a large ring just above his belly button. Its rich smell rapidly filled the small motel room, but it was an odor they both enjoyed. He put his hands in it and spread it over his torso and then onto her ass, piling it into her crack. She gyrated with his touch, enraptured by the sensation and creaminess of it.
"It feels so great having someone else smear me in shit rather than doing it myself," she said. "It feels wonderful."
He pulled her slightly backward and buried his face in her ass crack, shit spurting out across his cheeks, up his nose, into his mouth. She tasted slightly bitter and earthy. She turned, gasped, and fell onto his body putting her mouth to his lips, and they kissed deeply. She rubbed her tits into his torso covering them in poop. Her stomach did somersaults as it responded to the astounding intoxication of the shit sliding on her skin.
Drew said he wanted to return the favor and asked where she would like him to do it. She hoped he wouldn't find it too outrageous, but she wanted him to shit directly in her mouth; no one had ever done that before with her solo-only escapades, and she fantasized about it often. He said he would love to. He crouched over her face facing forward and she pulled his ass onto her mouth. She licked him hard, pushing the flat of her tongue into his anus. When his poop started to slide down his rectum, she removed her tongue and opened wide. He tried to retard the pace of his flow, but lost control and it poured out like a small dam breaking. She held her ground as a thick wet log filled her orifice, and when he was done about four inches of it extended from her mouth.
He begged her not to move, turned, and ran his tongue along the length of the log until it fell onto her face. She had had her own shit on her face often enough not to be repulsed in any way by Drew's, and she reached her hands up to rub it on her cheeks and forehead and into her hair, Drew helping her with her hair (it made him insanely wild, shit in hair). Drew now put his cock to her mouth while he crouched over her face and she removed the log still in her mouth after sucking it a few times, put it aside, and took his cock inside her mouth. She sucked him, reveling in his acrid taste, swirling her tongue all around his knob. He thought his cock would burst right then and there, but was able to hold back.
There was plenty of poop for them to play with, but he wanted more, he wanted her covered thickly as she was in the video. He grabbed a turd from the container and mushed it up onto her pussy, between her legs, and on her upper thighs. She begged him to cover her in shit, and he dumped the rest of the container on her tits and belly (he thought of Chloe for a second and hoped she wouldn't be mad at him for using up all the saved shit they had). With both hands he caressed her body from her neck to her thighs, mushing the goo deep into her skin. She arched her body to receive his strokes and moaned in ecstasy. He coated his cock up with a layer of shit and pushed it in her cunt, her loins opening wide to receive him.
Both were out of control, giving and taking all from each other. She told him to come in her mouth when he was ready and put a piece of his turd in it, sucking and mouthing it. Her hips suddenly sprang upward and she climaxed, breathless now, and he soon tore his cock from her cunt and moved quickly up to her mouth. She opened her mouth with the smashed-up log in it, and he jerked his prick into it and whitened the dark brown treasure with spurts of his creamy cum. She took it all in and swallowed it down.
A little bit later Drew said he needed to pee, and she asked him to do it in her mouth. They vacated the bed and went to the bathtub where she stretched out her body. He stood crouching on the sides of the tub and pissed on her face and hair and into her open mouth. Much of it she dribbled out of her mouth and onto her shit-covered tits, rubbing them with both hands. They then switched places and she gave him a good dousing, especially in his face. They showered until the hot water started to run out, and then cleaned up the room. He made her promise to send him any videos she made of herself back home scatting, and she said she would. Drew wished Indiana was a lot closer to New Jersey than it was.
***
While Chloe and Drew were having a blast in Florida, it just so happened Suzy was having a little fun of her own in N.J. with Mark. All the club members were exhibitionists to a certain degree, but Suzy and Mark seemed especially inclined to "perform" in public in ever more daring ways. A public pissing episode involving Tricia and Jessica has already been recounted, and Heather once, feeling incredibly horny, shit in her tub and fervently smeared it over her tits and pussy, put a pair of jeans on (with bra and panties, a rare occurrence) and an old, large, well-perfumed long overcoat and drove to a nearby fairly crowded mall and walked all around it and inside several shops for a half-hour or so. Only when she started drawing attention to herself did she decide to leave before trouble ensued. She could barely wait to get home before getting back in the tub, rubbing more shit on herself, and bringing herself to a powerful orgasm with a dildo. But the adventure Suzy and Mark concocted that spring took the cake.
Suzy had lunch with Mark one day where they talked about doing something outlandish in public that would be right there at the top of craziness but not get them arrested. They finally came up with a plan, some details of which Mark said he would need to check out. Having gotten themselves horny devising their plan (Suzy had a finger in her pussy under her napkin), they were about to go back to his place for a fun afternoon of scat sex, when Mark got an emergency call from work that squelched that idea. He told her he'd be in touch soon, and to be ready for their escapade in a day or two.
The scheme evolved as follows: A movie was making the rounds that was a complete dud, lousy reviews, low attendance. As Mark had determined after a bit of investigating, it was currently playing at a local multiplex in a theater at the far end of the building near a little-used side exit leading directly out to the parking lot. The movie was about to have its final showing, and that would be the one they would attend. He told her to wear something easy to slip in and out of (she had a short lightweight sweater dress that would fit the bill) and not to wear anything under it (like she would need to be told that); he'd wear just trousers and a tee shirt. He would drive them both in his car, arriving just before the last show at 10 pm, parking close to the exit door in the side parking lot. So far so good.
The one thing they could not know ahead of time but only guess at was how many other people would be in the theater. They thought not too many, and it turned out even better than they thought: only two other people were there (an elderly couple), and they were sitting far down near the front. This was ideal, and when Mark and Suzy entered, they sat in the last row along the back wall, farthest to the end, which was maybe 25 feet from the exit. They had a small shopping bag with them that held an empty container and a small spray can of air freshener. They were very excited with anticipation; this was going to be truly memorable.
Soon after the lights dimmed and the movie started to roll, they took their clothes off. The elderly couple down front seemed oblivious to everything around them, had never even looked back once to see if anyone else was there. Mark and Suzy wondered a little if one of them might have to use the restroom or go to the concession stand and thus catch them out, but they dismissed the thought when they saw they already had popcorn and were not likely to need the restroom for quite a while yet, when Mark and Suzy would be gone.
They made out with each other passionately, like two teenagers on a hot date, except they were totally naked and caressing one another. Mark had a finger in her pussy as his tongue plowed down her throat, and she was jerking his cock, bringing it to full attention. Suzy bent down to suck him, taking his prick deep in her mouth, drenching it with her spit. The wish to be more and more bold grew by the minute.
Suzy stood up and stared at the elderly couple, almost daring them to turn around and look at her naked body. With her arms outstretched like she was some movie star entering a gala awards ceremony, she walked down the row of seats almost to the far end of it and back again, nearly giddy with excitement. She was acting totally shameless and loved it. She felt like streaking across the whole theater, wishing it was packed with people, and across the stage, fuck the consequences. Instead she came back to Mark, who was in his seat watching her, put her feet up on the seat, and draped her pussy over his face, forcing him to lick her cunt. While his tongue was deep inside her, lapping up her juices, she decided to tease him and dribbled out a small stream of piss, which he drank greedily. It was just enough to fill his mouth a few times and wet his face, but not so much as to make a mess. She finished and crouched down to kiss him and lick her piss off his face, laughing silently. Then she put her bare feet back on the floor and stuck her ass into his face; he licked her crack, and when she spread her cheeks wide open, tongued her rosebud.
Fortunately, the movie was very loud with lots of music and other noises such as traffic and machinery because the most difficult thing was trying to remain quiet; sudden distinct moaning or cries of pleasure would be disastrous. He pulled her down onto his lap and stroked his cock on her ass and fingered her wet pussy, then slipped it up her rectum. Her entire focus was on the tremendous desire she felt from his invading cock while at the same time not screaming out. He fucked her for several minutes and then motioned for her to change places with him.
When she sat, he put his cock to her mouth and she could taste and smell her shit on it, and worried the odor might be overspreading the theater. She sucked him hard, and then paused briefly to get the air freshener out of the shopping bag and shot a few squirts into the air. That lavender aroma might also be noticeable, but would be much less attention-getting than shit. She continued sucking him, her tongue soon coated in poop. A dirty ATM was a treat anytime for her. He turned and put his right foot on the top of a seat in the next row down and gave her his ass to suck. Her tongue plowed into his anus, delighting in his sweaty, musty taste.
Now (and here is the gold-medal-winning genius of their debauched minds), Mark got up and had Suzy sit in the seat and then stood up on the armrests, motioned her to tilt her head back so she looked up at him, half-crouched supporting himself by leaning his back against the wall until his ass was directly over her mouth, and let go with a tremendous semi-hard, long turd that cascaded onto her face and into her open mouth. His aim was right on target, her latching onto it with her mouth divine, and the whole act picture-perfect. If only there had been a way to film it!
Time was of the essence now with the smell of that load permeating the air like an atomic blast, despite several shots of lavender air freshener; unless that elderly couple had fallen asleep, they would be made aware that something was amiss in a matter of moments. But call it instinct, practice, some deep-down insane desire, Suzy couldn't help getting as much pleasure as she could from Mark's gift, even though it would only be for a few seconds. She dribbled the shit in her mouth on to her tits and caressed them passionately and wiped her face ravishingly with her hands, pushing the excess off in her hair and spreading it on her pussy. Mark jumped to the floor and hurriedly put his pants and tee shirt on, while Suzy finished her smearing, threw her dress on, and scooped up what little shit had fallen to the floor, which was hardly any, most of it now occupying various body parts, and put it in the empty container. They made a dash for the exit, totally deserted at that late hour, ran out to Mark's car, and jumped in. They were laughing hard as they drove away, knowing all went swimmingly. There had only been one hitch: if the theater had been empty, Suzy would have returned the favor and shit in Mark's face as well. But there was still time for that later at Mark's place.