Jan and Marsha were already seated at a high top by the time I had parked the car and entered the restaurant.
"Where's Mike," I asked as I pulled out a chair.
"Don't ask," Jan replied, giving a slashing motion to her throat to let me know that I had entered dangerous waters.
"It's okay," Marsha offered and took a long drawl on her drink, which was already half empty. "As usual, Mike said he didn't realize we were having dinner with you guys tonight. He's at the casino with Jerry. I swear, if I want my husband to actually hear what I say, I should just ask Jerry to tell him. He obviously listens to him much closer than to me."
"Mike probably just forgot," I offered. "He ..."
"Don't defend him!" Marsha cut me off in mid breath. "I've had it! This isn't the first time he hasn't paid attention to me or even the second." She downed her drink and waived to the bartender for another.
My wife, Jan, and I had known Marsha and Mike for nearly twenty years, so I knew Mike's behavior was nothing new and I also knew that it would be best to just let Marsha's fire burn out on its own. Jan and I are empty nesters as are Marsha and Mike. We are all professionals, well respected within our individual fields, and financially secure. Jerry was Mike's best friend even before Mike had ever met Marsha. Mike had maintained that friendship after he and Marsha had married and through two of Jerry's failed marriages. It was not unusual for Mike and Jerry to take spur of the moment trips to the local casino or an impromptu vacation for a short week to Reno; both seemed to prefer their odds with cards, dice, or ponies over their odds with their women.
Jan was sipping her glass of wine as the waitress delivered Marsha's refill. "I'd like an Angry Orchard, please, and a refill on my wife's Moscato." The waitress nodded acknowledgment and made a note on her order pad.
"Are you folks ready to order or do you need a few more minutes?"
"I think a few more minutes," Jan said and opened her menu. "What sounds good to you guys?"
"I'd be happy with just drinks and sharing some appetizers," I said.
"I'd be happy with just drinks," Marsha offered and threw back another gulp of her drink.
"That's fine," Jan said, "but you're going to eat something before those drinks start going to your head."
"You're not my mother, ... but at least I know you care. Now if you could just teach me how to make Mike as attentive to me as your Ryan is to you."
"Maybe a few drinks from now," I suggested.
"Be careful where you're going, Ryan, or you may be starting down a road that you really don't want to go."
"I just assumed that Marsha already knew."
"I don't share everything with the girls," Jan said and gave me a sly wink.
"Okay, you guys! Now you've really got my curiosity aroused. Spill it!"
"As I said, Marsha, maybe a few drinks from now."
The waitress returned with our drinks and we ordered a few sharable appetizers. Marsha ordered two more drinks.
The evening passed pleasantly. Jan, who doesn't drink very much, was feeling the warm glow of her wine and was a bit more liberated than normal. Marsha, who also doesn't drink very much, wasn't feeling much at all. As the designated driver, I had limited myself to just two drinks, so I was fine.
"Okay, ladies, I think we better be going so they can put somebody in these chairs that will actually order some real food."
"Since Mike won't be home until tomorrow, I think that Marsha should spend the night in our guest room." Jan stated it as a suggestion, but we all knew it was a directive.
Marsha perked up, "Then you can tell me the secret to your wedded bliss; I've had my few more drinks, so I've held up my end of the bargain."
"We'll see when we get home how you're feeling. If you're still awake, we'll tell you then," Jan said and gave me a nod.
I had an uneasy feeling as I drove home realizing that I may indeed have started down that road, our hitherto private road. Jan patted my leg in reassurance as I watched Marsha in the rearview mirror. She showed no signs of falling asleep.
When we got home, Jan and Marsha disappeared into the guest bedroom. I went into our bedroom and slipped into a pair of exercise shorts and a soft tee and walked down to the living room. Jan and Marsha were already seated and conversing in hushed tones.
"Since you opened this discussion," Jan began, "I decided that I'd let you finish it."
Jan and Marsha were each dressed in silk pajamas; both looked relaxed and very sensuous. I was surprised that Jan had found a set that fit Marsha as she was much taller than Jan, but she had, and they displayed Marsha's assets quite favorably.
"Okay. So where shall I begin? To get a man, any man, to pay attention to you and your needs, you must first remove his distractions. You have to take control, ownership actually, of his manhood."
"And just how do you do that?" Marsha asked skeptically.
"You lock him up."
"Lock him up?"
"Well, actually, you just lock up his cock and balls."
Marsha blushed slightly, but pressed on. "What do you lock them in?"
"Ryan, if we're going there, you better go grab a few cages to show Marsha what you're talking about."
As I left the room, I could hear Jan and Marsha talk in whispers interrupted frequently by short giggles. I retrieved a couple of stainless-steel cock cages and returned to the living room.
"This," I said, as I handed Marsha one of the two identical cages, "is a cock cage."
Marsha held it in her hand and looked at it intently. "How does it work?"
Taking the cage back and unlocking it, I began, "The guy's balls and cock are passed through this ring, the cock sleeve is then placed over his cock, and then the lock is inserted and closed."
"Oh, for goodness sake, Ryan, demonstrate it for her!"
I hesitated and glanced at Jan briefly.
"Don't make me tell you twice!" Jan said and then turned to Marsha, "Marsha, would you like Ryan to demonstrate?"
"Very much," Marsha said and licked her lips lightly.
I felt my face redden as I slipped my shorts to the floor and kicked them off. Standing directly in front of Marsha, I began the demonstration. "As I said, the balls and then the cock are passed through the ring like this; the cock sleeve is slipped on, being careful not to catch any skin on the prongs or between the sleeve and the ring; and then the lock is inserted, closed, and the key removed."
"Does it hurt?"
"No. A little uncomfortable at first, but you get used to it after a while."
"May I touch it?" Marsha asked, looking towards Jan.
"Be my guest, Ryan will do anything or answer anything you ask. Isn't that right, Ryan?"
"Of course, Precious."
Marsha took hold of my caged unit, turning it with one hand and gently pulling and squeezing my balls with the other. She tapped sharply against the cock sleeve. "So, your cock can't get hard or feel anything in this?"
"No, you can't feel any stimulation. At first, you try to get erections, but the cage won't permit a full boner."
"So, what keeps you from just taking it off?"
"Jan would be holding the only keys."
"So, once it's locked up, it's hers until she's ready to unlock you?" That's when it dawned on Marsha just exactly how much control was transferred with the closing of the lock and surrender of the key. "I think I might like this idea! Problem is, I don't know if I could get Mike to put it on."
"Surprise him!" Jan said. "Put on a sexy leather bustier, short leather skirt, and a pair of stilettos and tell him he's yours for the night. Blindfold him with his hands cuffed behind his back and then put the cage on him. It will all be a sexy game for him until he finally realizes that you hold the key, literally, to all his future orgasms."
"But won't he be mad?"
Jan smiled. "At first. But that is when you tell him the ground rules. That you are tired of him taking you for granted and things are going to change or else. Give him a choice; he can take the key and walk out or he can submit to your wishes. Once he agrees, and he will, the key is yours and so is he. At that point, sit down with him and put in writing everything he is expected to do and those things that he is no longer to do. I suspect you already have fairly lengthy lists for both the dos and the don'ts. Once he agrees, have him sign it. During the next week or so, he'll attempt to talk you into letting him out; that he's really learned his lesson and doesn't need to be locked up. Just smile and tell him not yet. Once he realizes that you're not going to give in, he'll do just about anything in the hopes of earning a release. That's when the real changes will take place."
"What about sex? Not that it has been that great lately. Mike is too much of a wham bam, thank you ma'am kind of guy, if you know what I mean."
"Well," Jan said, "that is about to change. There will be no intercourse for him, of course, so long as he's locked up, but that doesn't mean you have to go without. This is your opportunity to teach him how to please you orally; as often and for as long as you like. He will get to a point when your orgasms will actually be more important to him than his own. At that point, you can pretty much leave the cage off and only use it for grins and giggles or as punishment for bad behavior. It's been nearly a year since I last locked up Ryan."
"I'm willing to give it a go, but I'm not sure that I can put the cage on Mike without totally screwing up. Watching Ryan do it and doing it myself are two totally different things."
"Not a problem, just practice on Ryan until you've got it mastered. I'll walk you through it step by step." Turning to me, Jan continued, "Ryan, you are now Mike. Your hands are cuffed behind your back and you are blindfolded. You will not speak unless specifically asked a question. Is that understood?"
I nodded and placed my hands dutifully behind my back. Jan took the sash from her pajamas and tied my hands behind my back. She then took Marsha's sash, slipped it over my eyes, and tied it behind my head. My hands were secure, but the blindfold, because of the sheerness of the silk, did little to block my vision.
"Now, the first thing you do is slip the balls through the ring, one at a time, and then pull the ball sack down as far as possible," Jan began as Marsha commenced manipulating my balls through the ring. "Now, you just turtle his cock ..."
"Turtle? What does that mean?"
"Here, let me show you," Jan said as she pulled the skin from the shaft of my cock over the cock head. "Then you just tuck it under the ring, squeeze, and pop it through." Jan pulled my cock back out of the ring and turned back to Marsha. "Now you try."
Marsha did and, after a little fumbling, managed to pop my cock through the ring.
"Now, turtle his cock again, and slip the sleeve on. Things start to get a little tight at this point, so pull the ball sack back as far as possible to keep from pinching skin and be particularly careful there's no skin under the pins as you press them into the holes in the ring. Good. Good. Good. Now you just line up the holes on the ring with the holes on the sleeve, slip the lock in, turn the key, pull the key out, and you're done! Congratulations! You've just locked your first cock!"
"Okay, now let me do it without any prompts," Marsha said as she quickly, and little roughly, removed the cage.
"You go for it, girl. You're on the timer now." Jan made a hand gesture as if she was starting a stopwatch and gave me a mischievous grin. "I think I could use a glass of wine."
"Me, too," Marsha chimed in as she pulled and tugged on various components of my package.
As hard as I tried, I could not keep my little man fully in check. My cock began to swell and rise as the unfamiliar hands manipulated my manhood.
"Um, Jan, I think I have a problem. A big problem!"
Let me state up front, that I am not in possession of a cock that would be the feature attraction on your typical porno flick. Girls don't faint or become breathless at the sight of my erect cock. While it is thick, it is a little less than 7 inches long. Okay, 6 ¾ inches. Yes, I measured it, just as has every guy since Adam. The only difference is that we use rulers instead of fig leaves. The thing is, it has a mind of its own, and right now it was pumped up and throbbing in Marsha's hand.
"I thought that might happen," Jan said, returning from the kitchen with two fresh glasses of wine and a bowl of ice. "If this happens to you with Mike, this is what you do."
The application of ice to a man's genitals, sends everything into rapid retreat. Mine were no different. My cock quickly deflated, and my balls tried their best to pull back into the warmth of my body cavity.
After three more uninterrupted practice sessions, Marsha was confident that she had mastered the cage. As she and Jan sipped their wine, Marsha nodded toward me, "Do you want me to take his cage off now?"
"No, leave it on. Ryan started this whole discussion without talking with me first. That is something we had agreed wouldn't happen, so I've decided that he needs to be punished. September is over and this month is now Locktober, so he's going to get a month of chastity."
Marsha slipped the keys and the other cock cage into her purse. "Are you sure you don't mind me taking this? It looks kind of expensive."
"Consider it a gift from me and Ryan," Jan said as she raised her glass in a toast, "To your future wedded bliss!"
I spent the rest of the evening serving my wife and Marsha in nothing but my cage. The novelty for me wore off rather quickly. Not so much for Jan or Marsha.
The month of October passed rather slowly, at least for me. We met Marsha and Mike twice for dinner during the month. The first time, Mike was a bit withdrawn and broody and I noticed Marsha giving him scolding looks on more than one occasion. The second time was much different. Mike was pleasant and engaged even to the point of being almost chatty. He was pulling out chairs for Jan and Marsha and listening to their conversation. I think he may have even lost a few pounds. Marsha was a little different as well. She was dressed a bit more provocatively, showing a bit of cleavage as well as quite a bit of leg, and was much more self-assured and confident. Not a word on either occasion was mentioned regarding cages or chastity.
We saw them again at the Halloween Party at the club at the end of the month. Marsha was dressed in the most revealing pirate costume that I had ever seen; thigh-high boots, a short skirt that barely covered her cheeks, a half-bra bustier that exposed more than it covered, and a simple silver chain around her neck holding a key that nestled between those firm, nearly bare breasts. Mike was dressed as a swabby with loose-fitting trousers and a puffy-sleeved shirt. Jan was dressed as a genie ala 'I Dream of Jeanie'; silk slippers, see-through pants and blouse with very small matching thong and bra underneath, and, as a mark of modesty, a silk scarf around her neck and shoulders.
All in all, she was almost as exposed as Marsha. I, of course, was dressed as her master, U.S. astronaut, Tony Nelson, in keeping with the couples' theme of the party despite the reversal of master/slave roles. Both Jan and Marsha were quite popular during the evening amongst the men, many of whom seemed to press up against them for no apparent reason other than to 'accidently' cop a feel of a breast or an ass. Needless to say, they were less popular amongst most of the women, who apparently thought they should have come as pumpkins. Drinks passed freely throughout the night and when the party ended at midnight, Jan and Marsha were still receiving stares from the men and glares from their significant others. Both seemed to truly enjoy the newfound admiration as well as the notoriety. As we left the party, Marsha leaned in to give me a kiss on the cheek, casually tapped on my cage and silently mouthed "Thank you." I returned the kiss and gave her a wink.
On the evening of November 1st, October having finally passed, I snuggled up next to Jan in bed and whispered into her ear, "Precious, Locktober is over and I've been really good now for over four weeks. I was hoping you might unlock me for an evening of unbridled passion."
"Yes, Dear, you have been very good these past weeks. I couldn't have asked for better behavior or attention to my needs. I would be more than happy to unlock you and ride your cock until morning. There's just one itty bitty problem."
"Problem?"
"Yeah, a little problem. Do you remember when you were showing Marsha how to put on a cage?"
"Yeah?"
"Well, you gave her the key and never got it back. Maybe you can call her tomorrow and ask her what you need to do to get it back. Goodnight, Dear, better luck next time."
My heart sank and then a tear began forming in the corner of my eye as I remembered that Marsha and Mike had just left this morning to spend the winter in Florida.