Julie and I had lunch early on a beautiful Friday afternoon in July in sunny Florida. I was not going to return to the office so we enjoyed a few adult beverages with lunch. Her choice is usually Pinot Grigio and after three, she is ready to make love and fuck. I knew that I was in for a very pleasurable afternoon. She is amazing in bed, but after enough alcohol, she loses all inhibitions.
After leaving the restaurant, we left in separate cars and we were going to meet at a men's clothing store where I have my suits made. I got a call from my office and needed to return to handle a matter that shouldn't have taken long. I called Julie and let her know. I told her I should be fifteen minutes behind her and she said she would look at ties and other things for me until I got there.
I knew I needed to hurry for two reasons. One, she had had her three glass limit. She was already very affectionate in the restaurant and she is very shy in public. The second reason was how she was dressed. She was in a slender, black dress that showed off her D cup breasts very well. Her legs looked stunning, especially in her black, come fuck me pumps. Her bleach blonde hair was wavey and falling about her beautiful face. She has smokey, gray eyes to ice blue, depending on the day. She was a gymnast in high school and still has the body of one. She says she is not bad for mid fifties, I say amazing for thirty. She still turns my head and most men when she enters anywhere.
My detour to the office was not as quick a one as I had anticipated. I arrived at the men's clothing store almost an hour and a half after Julie and I had gone our separate ways. I missed her and was happy to be seconds from her. What I didn't know was what had gone on in the last hour.
Julie arrived and walked in. She turned the head of the owner, Jack, as she always does. She began to browse through the ties when a nice looking gentleman approached her and asked for her opinion on some shirt and tie combinations he had picked out. Julie was immediately attracted to him and hardly noticed his selections. She noticed the man, whose name was Daniel, was an athletic looking guy about six foot who appeared to be about forty or so. He has light brown hair and green eyes. The wine at lunch encouraged her to flirt a little. Julie thought I was right behind her and this would be a little harmless fun. She didn't know how delayed I'd be.
Julie took her eyes off Daniel and began to look at his selections. She has impeccable taste and wasn't overly impressed. She looked at him with her impish grin and said, "Who are you trying to impress?" Daniel noticed her grin and said. "You." She sharply inhaled as the wine emboldened her and she replied, "It will take more than that."
Jack had left to get lunch and left them alone in the store. Julie then handed Daniel two shirts and two ties and told him to try them on. She was attracted to this guy and horny after the wine. She wondered when I would arrive. She thought to herself I had better hurry. As she was looking at sport jackets, Daniel came up behind her and wrapped an arm around her and kissed her on the neck and thanked her for helping him. She was taken aback, but noticed her panties were moist and her nipples hard. This started at lunch, but had intensified in the last few minutes.
Daniel asked her if that was more impressive to which she smiled and flashed him her sparkling grey blue eyes. Julie was more impressed and then she noticed the bulge in his pants. She was much more impressed. She was daydreaming about Daniel's cock when he asked her to pick out a 46L and bring it to him in the dressing room.
Julie thought long and hard about doing that. We have a relationship where she can flirt with a man and kiss him a little if I am there and then we leave and go make love. She was horny and in the mood and I wasn't there yet. She knew if she took him the jacket and he tried anything, she would probably give in. Finally, she thought my husband will be here any minute so I can take this to Daniel and maybe have a little fun. She didn't know I was still forty five minutes away.
She took the jacket back and said, " Here is your jacket, handsome." Daniel opened the door and was wearing the shirt and tie she had picked out, his briefs and socks. Her eyes swept down and she stopped at his erect cock. Daniel noticed this and asked Julie if she would like to pick out some pants or not. She looked up at him
just as he wrapped his arms around her, leaned in and placed his lips on hers.
Julie thought I'd better hurry and she also thought Daniel's lips were soft. She knew I wouldn't mind a little flirting and so she kissed him back. Julie will softly kiss you three or four times and then the lips part and her amazingly velvety tongue makes its way onto yours. They moaned together as their tongues were dancing in each other's mouths. She thought about texting me to see where I was, but she didn't want to stop kissing him.
They continued to passionately kiss until Julie felt his cock in her stomach. She knew it was large and was thinking about going further. She could blame it on the wine. Just then, Daniel broke the kiss and began kissing down her neck and to her shoulders. He eyed her large breasts and continued his way down to her cleavage. As he reached the exposed part of her cleavage, Julie thrust her breasts upwards to him. He wrapped one arm around her waist and brought his right hand up and cupped her left breast and squeezed it softly. Julie began to moan and this only emboldened Daniel more.
Julie wondered where I was, but she was getting more and more distracted. As he squeezed her breast again, he brought his hand up to her shoulder and pulled her top over her shoulder and down exposing her left breast. He immediately placed his mouth over her large aureola and began to lightly suck on it and run his tongue on her nipple.
Julie moaned louder and lost control. She reached down with her left hand and slid it inside his briefs and wrapped her fingers around his long cock. With her right hand, she wrapped it around the back of his head and pulled his head down and found his lips again. Their mouths open and their tongues furiously massaged each other's as the moaning intensified. His cock was rock hard and Julie noticed that her panties were soaked.
She reached the point of no return. As she rubbed his hard cock, he reached her zipper on the back of her dress and lowered it all the way down. Julie stood there rubbing his cock and moving her tongue against his as he lowered her dress to the floor. She is dressed in a lacy, black push up bra and black silky, high hip panties which showcase her sexy ass. While passionately kissing, Daniel removed his tie and shirt leaving only his T-shirt and briefs. Julie broke the kiss and slid down to her knees and removed his briefs at the same time. While she did this, he removed his T-shirt. He was now completely naked and Julie was face to face with his large cock.
Julie took his cock in her hand and brought it to her mouth. She parted her lips and brought them around his head. She lightly sucked on his purple head and then began to run her tongue all over his head. Julie often mentioned to me while I fuck her that she would like a cock to suck at the same time. She was soaking wet while sucking this big cock. She began to take more in her mouth sliding her lips down his long shaft. She got about half way down his shaft and then slowly came back up with her tongue flat on the bottom side of his cock. Her tongue is as smooth as velvet and this is not lost on Daniel. Only a door separates them from the clothing store and both are trying not to moan to loudly. Both are unable to curb the passion or the noise.
As Julie took his cock out of her mouth, Daniel leaned down and unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor. She is fifty five and her large breast are stunning. While he is trying to massage her breast, she runs her tongue up and down the length of his cock on the underside. She hesitated at his balls and began to lick them completely. At this point, he is thinking that no woman has ever sucked his cock like this before. He gives up trying to touch her breast and set down on the bench in the dressing room. This allowed Julie to bury her head in his lap and wrap her lips around his cock and swirl her tongue around it. She reached down and felt her pussy and felt her own juices running down her legs.
Unknown to either of them, Jack had quietly returned from lunch. It didn't take long for him to know what was going on in one of his dressing room. He opened the door without a sound and saw my wife on her knees in only her sexy, black panties with a big cock in her mouth and Daniel laying back against the wall getting the blowjob of his life. Jack was in his mid thirties with blonde hair and blue eyes. He had an athletic build, and was about six foot three and 220 pounds. He had a nice cock that was thick and about seven inches long. Jack took off all of his clothes and then quietly walked into the dressing room and got down on his knees behind Julie with a clear view of her soaked panties. Daniel saw him and smiled as if they had done this before. Julie was still oblivious until she felt his lips on her panties lightly biting them. She was so horny from sucking Daniel's cock, that she came immediately. Julie thought that I had finally arrived and joined the party.
She went back to hungrily sucking Daniel's cock, almost a woman possessed. She felt a hand grab her ass cheek and another slide her panties down. She knew how much I crave licking her pussy and she was a possessed woman sucking his large cock and shivers with desire while Jack put his tongue deep inside her pussy. He flicked it in and out and then ran it up and down the length of her pussy. Daniel was moaning and told Julie that he was going to cum if she didn't stop. He wanted to slow down and slide his ten inch long cock inside of her. She stopped licking his shaft and looked back to tell me she wanted to suck my cock while Daniel fucked her. To her surprise, it wasn't me licking her pussy, it was Jack. They begin to switch places and her mind is spinning. She was as wet and as horny as she had ever been and neither man is her husband. The wine was driving her and her desires and she was too horny to stop. She hoped that I would show up and make it a foursome with three men satisfying her.
Jack was now sitting on the bench and Julie had buried her face in his cock. She was holding it in her hands and running her lips and tongue all over it. As she was doing this, Daniel had his cock positioned at the opening of her pussy. She was concerned about his size and would it fit, but she had never been this wet before. Her thought process was hazy as the raw emotion of lust took over as he slid his head between her lips and slowly filled her pussy with his cock. She was breathless as she sucked Jack's cock into her mouth and felt Daniel's large cock fill up her pussy. By the time he met the resistance of the back of her pussy, Jack has all but one inch inside her. Julie was out of control. She was sucking Jack's cock out of reflex. She was not even conscious of the fact she was furiously going up and down his shaft licking it with her tongue and alternately sucking as much as she could in her mouth.
Daniel left his cock all the way in and rubbed the back of her wall with it as she came a second time. As her orgasm subsided, she took her mouth off of Jack's cock and told Daniel to "fuck me and fuck me hard and fast." He complied and she went back to sucking Jack only feeling Daniel's cock. He did as he was told and began to fuck her hard and fast. Julie was moaning and begging for more cock as Daniel fucked her. She hadn't noticed Jack's cock was twitching and throbbing. She didn't hear him say he was going to cum. She slid her mouth as far down as she could on his seven inches just as he released his first shot of cum in her mouth. She moaned and wrapped her hand around his shaft and clamped her lips around his cock as tightly as she could. She didn't miss a drop of his cum while she was being fucked hard from behind.
Daniel continued to fuck her hard and fast. After she swallowed all of Jack's cum, she pushed back against Daniel screaming she was coming again. This time she squirted all over Daniel's cock as she came. The warm, wet juice was too much for Daniel and he filled her pussy full of his cum. It hit the back off her wall hard and she felt like he deposited a gallon inside of her. To reward him, she turned around and took as much of his cock in her mouth and licked all of his cum left on his cock.
This is where I walked in. She was on her knees in the dressing room with two naked guys. I could smell the sex and her pussy in the room. She was naked and all three looked worn out and spent. I could see the semen leaking out of her well fucked pussy and some dried semen on her cheek. She looked at me unsure of what I would do. She looked so satisfied and I thought I wish I could have seen this. Finally, I said, "That's what happens after three glasses of Pinot and leaving you alone for too long."