All characters are 18 years of age or older. This story is intended for the entertainment of adults only. This story and its characters are entirely fictional. Any resemblance to events or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.
Feedback welcome and appreciated!
*****
About a week later we were on the couch suffering the evening news when we were awashed with the indistinguishable aroma of barbecue. It was obvious that it was the guys in the adjacent apartment, who grilled burgers practically every day. There was a nice common area in the backyard for grilling, and I often heard them out there but had never met them in person.
Paige responded to the scent by bounding up and saying, "Hey, let's be social". I followed Paige to the rear door of the apartment and to the backyard. Paige introduced us, and I learned their names were Sean and Jayson. They offered to throw us on a couple of burgers and Paige quickly accepted.
As they grilled I learned that they both were engineering students at the local university. They seemed friendly enough and seemed to know Paige pretty well. When the burgers were done we all went back to their apartment to eat.
We sat down in the living room while the guys grabbed some plates, buns, cheese, and condiments from the kitchen. As we waited, it was natural to look around, and we did. While they were not expecting company, their place was reasonably clean. Still, Sean came over and had to clear some items off of the coffee table so we would have room for some plates. There was a desk on one side of the room with a computer on it. While it was initially showing a screen-saver, Sean moved the mouse while shifting items around the room and the screen-saver turned off.
Our eyes instinctively zeroed in on the screen and we could see that one of them had been surfing one of those random chat websites. Paige was intrigued and immediately started asking questions.
"Someone's been chatting with random strangers. Let me guess, this was you?", directing her question to Sean.
"Yeah, I sometimes do that if I'm bored."
"Do you ever talk with someone for long, or is it just stupid 'hi' and 'bye' crap?"
"It is rare to have a real conversation. Honestly, it is actually pretty dumb. Guys on there are either there to flash their dicks to girls or to try to get chicks to flash their tits. So if I even try to chat with a guy, they will usually disconnect as soon as they see that I'm male. And there really aren't that many girls looking to chat."
"Oh that's boring. I thought it might be fun to try."
"Well with you here I'm sure it'd be different. There'd be a lot more enthusiasm to interact with us with a female here."
With that, Sean positioned the monitor and webcam to point towards a sofa, with Paige sitting front and center and Sean manning the keyboard. The first stranger was actually just a penis, and Sean quickly disconnected as Paige exclaimed, "Oh, gross!" Then there was an old bald guy in a dirty white t-shirt, and Paige quickly said, "Next." Then there were another couple of penises.
But then we hit one that had a couple of younger guys. They seemed friendly, but they were definitely focused on Paige as they complemented her looks and directed questions towards her. Paige seemed to enjoy the attention. It didn't take long for them to ask if she would flash her tits. For a brief moment I was afraid that she might agree, but Paige just laughed and said no. But the guys didn't give up so quickly. A minute or two later they asked again, and again Paige just laughed. They then asked if she would at least flash her bra.
Paige laughed again and rolled her eyes, before grabbing the bottom of her shirt. She quickly pulled it up over one bra-encased breast and held it there for a few seconds. It was only a bra, and not a revealing one at that. But the act of flashing it, not only to a couple of strangers but also to her neighbors, was certainly arousing. I knew that all four of the guys were wondering at that moment, if she is willing to flash her bra, will she flash more?
Paige clearly enjoyed the attention, and she received more of it after her brief flash. The strangers returned to requesting her to flash her boobs, which again she declined. After a few minutes, they seemed to just give up and disconnected.
She didn't say anything, but Paige seemed disappointed by the sudden loss of interest in her.
Sean asked, "Do you want to do more?"
Paige thought for a second, before responding, "Yeah, but hold on a moment."
Paige jumped up and headed out their door. She didn't say what she was doing, but I figured that she was going to change her clothes and put on something sexier. When she came back she did indeed have on a different top. However, what caught everyone's attention was that underneath her shirt she had stuffed two inflated balloons that she must have grabbed from the stairwell that were left-over from some kid's birthday party that day. The balloons didn't look like real breasts of course. They didn't even look like horrible implants. No, it was clear that she had stuffed something underneath her shirt to try to make it look like she had these monstrous tits. As ridiculous as it looked, it had the effect of making everyone's eyes and thoughts go straight to her boobs.
Sean clicked to find another stranger, and after a few tries, stopped at some clothed guy that Paige approved of. He immediately claimed, "Oh, those aren't real" and we all had a laugh. Paige kept trying to say that they were, and modeled her tits from different angles for the camera. The size and the roundness made it impossible to believe that they were real, but he played along and started asking her to remove her shirt to show him that they were real.
She ignored his request the first time, but when he asked again, she just said "hold on" and headed for the bathroom.
I had no idea what she was going to do, but she was certainly enjoying herself so I just waited with everyone else. A minute later she emerged and I'm sure that my mouth dropped. Paige had removed her shirt entirely and was simply holding the balloons in front of her bra-less tits. Paige had a big smile on her face as both Sean and Jayson looked towards her chest.
Paige sat down again in front of the camera. From the front, the balloons and her hands covered everything, but from the side some side-boob could be seen. Still, it wasn't as if she was letting Sean, Jayson, or the stranger really see anything. She was just teasing, and clearly loving the attention.
As I watched Paige, I kept wondering whether she was just going to up and flash her tits at any moment or whether she might accidentally drop a balloon. Or maybe Sean or Jayson would come by and swat a balloon away, although they didn't really seem like they would make such an asshole move.
The stranger seemed to enjoy it too, and joked, "See, I knew they weren't real."
I wasn't really paying much attention to the conversation as I kept looking at whether the balloons were fully covering her tits, thinking about what might be seen from various angles, and assessing what she might do next. Again, she surprised me.
Jayson was standing behind the couch looking down at the monitor, and presumably Paige's tits. Suddenly Paige asked him, "Hey Jayson, can you hold my ... balloons for a minute? I need to tie up my hair."
I watched in shock as Jayson moved his hands down and positioned them over the balloons that were covering her tits. Once he had a hand on each balloon, Paige stretched her arms out at a 45 degree angle, trusting Jayson to keep her covered.
I couldn't believe it and thoughts raced through my head. The image of his hands on her breasts, even though they weren't actually touching her breasts, was definitely sexy. And knowing that he could, at any moment, intentionally or not just drop a balloon to reveal one of her tits was strangely arousing. She had given him this power to expose her if he wanted, and there was nothing stopping him from doing so.
But he didn't. The only thing that he did do was squeeze the balloons, acting as if he was squeezing her breasts. "These feel nice," he joked. Paige just laughed, which only encouraged him to grope her balloons more vigorously. With his hands and fingers moving, I couldn't help but wonder whether the balloons kept blocking his downward view of her tits, and whether there was any incidental contact with her breasts.
Paige finished with her hair and reclaimed control over the balloons. I felt some relief, although I'm not sure that I really trusted Paige more than Jayson to not flash her tits. And my relief quickly vanished when Paige stood up, walked a couple feet away, instructed Sean to point the camera towards her, and started to dance.
Her dancing initially consisted mostly of moving her legs and hips, as her hands were stuck on her balloons. But as she danced, the balloons moved around a bit, and I was worried that more of her tits might get exposed or that she would drop a balloon. While a bit more of her boobs were visible, especially from the side, they were still mostly covered. Then she turned around. With her back to the camera and her neighbors, she raised her arms above her head.
With her arms free to move, she swayed her body back and forth, along with her tits. With every sway her breasts slid out into our field of view. I couldn't see her nipples and I don't think anyone else could either, but it still felt like a lot of her tits were exposed. And it wasn't clear whether Paige knew the view that we were getting. After dancing with her back towards us for a bit, Paige covered her tits again with the balloons and turned around.
Sean and Jayson were intently watching Paige and she seemed to be enjoying teasing them, knowing that they were hoping to get a look at her tits. It was easy to almost forget about the stranger that was still watching, and likely recording the chat session. Paige was certainly still aware of his presence, as she glanced between the three of them, watching their reactions to her dancing. As Paige continued dancing while facing the camera, I became more afraid that she might just flash her tits at any time to Sean, Jayson and the stranger. She had this look in her eyes that told me she was loving all of the attention, and that didn't bode well for restraint.
Without warning, Paige quickly switched her hands, moving the balloons to the opposite breasts. She did it so fast and unexpectedly, that nothing was really exposed, but it felt like a risky move nevertheless. Her smile and raised eyebrows made it clear that it was intended to be a daring maneuver. A moment later she did it again, switching her hands back to their original positions. But the switch back was a bit slower, and I caught a glimpse of her nipples. I figured that the other guys saw the same.
It was then that it really hit me that her neighbors were getting to see her flashing her tits. These were guys that lived right next to her and knew her. And they had almost certainly just seen her nipples to go along with all of the previous side views of her tits. Relatively speaking, I was less concerned about the stranger, in part because she didn't know him and in part because his view through the camera wasn't really that clear. But I was also concerned that he might be recording everything.
She did the switch hands thing another couple of times, briefly flashing her nipples each time. She acted like she was being daring but that she was doing it so fast as to not reveal anything. I didn't know if she really believed that or it was just an act, but regardless it wasn't true. We were all getting momentary glimpses of her tits and I don't think that anyone was taking their eyes off of her.
I thought she was about to do the hand-switch move again, but instead she spun around. While spinning, she raised her hands above her head, and then back down to her tits as she finished her rotation. Her timing was horrible. She had barely start turning when she raised the balloons off of her tits, and she had finished turning around before bringing the balloons back down. There was absolutely no doubt that everyone had just gotten an unobstructed view of her tits. And then she did the move again with the same result.
Paige was laughing, so it was clear that she knew that she was momentarily exposed. She kept looking at the guys, including the stranger, to see their reactions to having just seen her tits. The stranger was watching intently, with a big smile. Her neighbors were laughing along with her and were certainly enjoying the show, but they were being respectful and weren't explicitly encouraging her to flash. I appreciated that they weren't being too eager to see her tits.
Paige next did a double-spin move. In hindsight, she was attempting to spin around once as before, raising her balloons above her head and then back down again, but then to continue immediately into a second spin where she would again raise them up and back down. It was a disaster. While trying to bring the balloons down at the end of the first spin, they knocked into each other and out of her hands. She continued into the second spin anyway, lifting her empty hands above her head. As she finished her second spin, she just had her hands to cover herself. You'd think that would be sufficient, but she was dizzy from the spinning and stumbled to the side, using her arms and hands to try to stabilize herself. She ended up sitting on the floor facing everyone with her arms behind her on the floor. Her whole front was exposed to the guys and the webcam, and she just laughed hysterically at the outcome.
I couldn't believe that she was basically just sitting there, laughing, while her tits were on display. Her two neighbors had probably been checking her out since they met, and were now getting this great look at bare boobs.
I stood up and headed to the bathroom to retrieve her shirt. I was so panicked, knowing that she was sitting there topless that I had a hard time finding it draped over the shower railing. I picked up her shirt and returned to the living room, and she was still just sitting there exposed. I brought the shirt to her to cover herself, and she did. But everyone had had a good look at her tits and she couldn't pretend otherwise. She slipped the shirt on and it was clear that the show was over. The stranger disconnected unceremoniously after thanking Paige for the show.
It was obvious to everyone that we were done with the random chatting. But Paige kept saying how much fun that was, and that they should do that again, and Sean happily invited us, or more specifically, her, to come over again to chat some more. With that, we headed out the door back to Paige's apartment.
When we got back to the apartment, Paige grabbed me right away and dragged me into her bedroom. She immediately pulled off my t-shirt and shorts as she pushed me onto the bed.
"What'd ya think of that, Mark?" she asked, excitedly.
"You mean your repeated flashing of your tits to your neighbors and the guy on the computer?"
"Oh my, I tried to be so careful while dancing. I tried to keep my boobies covered and to not let them see anything," she said, in a playful, innocent voice.
I didn't need to respond. She quickly pulled off my underwear and straddled me, pressing her panty-clad pussy onto my cock. Paige pulled her nightshirt off and threw it aside. My eyes immediately went to her tits, but I couldn't help but think about the fact that Sean and Jayson, as well as some random dude out there, had just had their eyes on them too.
"Oh well, it was just an accident. I didn't intend for them to see my tits, I was just trying to dance sexy for the camera. But I suppose you didn't mind. That's what you like, right, these other guys being able to accidentally see my boobies?"
I couldn't answer as Paige started thrusting her crotch into my dick. She still had her panties on, so I reached down to try to move them out of the way. She helped me out by sliding out of them, and then guided my cock into her pussy.
"And after being dizzy I had no choice but to just sit on the floor and let them all get a good look at my boobies. I bet you took a little longer than you needed to find my shirt, just to let them stare at them longer.
"And I suppose you really enjoyed it when Jayson held my balloons for me. He even played along and pretended to grab and feel them. I think his fingers may have accidentally brushed against my boobs a couple of times. But that's what you like though, right? Not only did he get to see my boobies but he even got to touch them briefly. And it was all an accident. I didn't mean for any of it to happen."
I continued to thrust into her as I tried to almost block out what she was saying. But in my mind I kept seeing her tits exposed and this guy's hands holding onto her balloons.
"I wonder what Jayson's thinking now. I'll bet he's being bad and thinking about reaching down and grabbing my bare titties with his hands, cupping them and squeezing them just like he did to my balloons. And you must really like that he is now able to imagine so well what it would be like to fondle my boobs."
I lost it and came hard.
As we lay quietly in recovery, I couldn't help but think about the neighbors, her neighbors. Were they going to try anything when I wasn't around? Was she going to tease them more when I wasn't around?
"Hey Paige? Can you promise me something?"
"What babe?"
"Be careful with those guys when I'm not around. They could get the wrong idea and it kind of freaks me out knowing that they live so close to you."
Paige turned to me and looked me in the eyes. Gone was the teasing, sexy Paige. She had a completely serious expression on her face.
"I only do this stuff because I know you like it. I'm not going to do anything when you're not around. That would defeat the purpose. It's all for you. Well maybe not all. I admit that I like it too. But I'll always be careful. I know guys can get carried away. And that's why you'll always be there whenever I play, to protect me if need be and to enjoy the game, so we can do this together."
It was exactly what I needed to hear. I leaned over and kissed her, and gave her a big, long hug.