Part 6
We spent the entire next morning in our room making love, fueled by the events of the previous night. Maddie seemed be in a whole new gear of sexual energy that I did not know she had. We were quite loud over the 2 hours we spend fucking our brains out, breaking only briefly to order room service. Maddie answered the door wearing only a thong and a bath robe that showed the inside of her breasts to the unsuspecting young waiter. He left with a smile and a tip after lingering longer than necessary. We had never been that open about what we want and it ramped up our sexual passion for each other. One thing that surprised me was how turned on I got when she teased me with what she experienced with Roger and Amy while I hung around with Jason last night. Maddie astutely took note of how absolutely crazy this had driven me and thought she may want to explore this further.
Maddie got a text from Amy asking how we were doing after last night, to see if we had any regrets. We laughed to each other and replied with a selfie of us naked in bed cuddling which was all the answer Amy needed. She asked us to join her and Jason at the end of the beach this afternoon which we said we would try to make if we ever got out of bed.
We stayed in bed a few more minutes trying to figure out what to do with our last two and a half days in paradise and since checking out the cove at the end of the beach was on our to do list we decided to meet them later in the afternoon around 2PM.
Maddie realized that she'd gotten a lot of sun the day before with the edges of her bikini line a bit burnt. This helped her decide on the red one she wore a couple days ago without the padding. I put on my last pair of clean trunks and we left to spend some quality time in the resort before meeting our friends at the beach. We stopped by the pool for a quick swim, ate some lunch and had a few drinks at one of the huts and just really enjoyed each other's company.
It was getting closer to 1:30 when decision time came up on whether or not to join them on the beach when Maddie got a text. It was from Amy, saying that a few of our friends stopped by as well, listing Roger, Mateo and Martina among them.
"Well, I guess we have to go now that everyone thinks we're coming," Maddie said with a little reluctance. Peeling myself off the lounge chair, I got up first and helped Maddie to her feet and we walked onto the beach.
We had been walking longer than anticipated and when we happened upon a rock wall with a sign in Spanish that neither of us could read. We heard people on the other side so we walked closer to the water where it tapered off towards an opening. As the wall get shorter, we could see the cove on the other side with a nice beach area that was sheltered on both sides. We also realized that nobody was wearing clothes and the beach was populated by people of all ages, sizes and races.
I gave Maddie a look to see if she was comfortable with all of this and she seemed a bit unsure. I didn't know we would even continue until Maddie crossed the wall, pulling me by the hand behind her. We walked a few feet from the water thinking we would find the group eventually. As we walked we passed by an large, sunburnt man who stopped to talk, wanting to know why we were still dressed on such a nice day.
"Such a beautiful body should be on display," he said as he eyed her up and down.
"Thank you, we just got here and it's our first time," Maddie replied.
As we talked, I couldn't help but notice that his member seemed to be growing as the conversation went along.
Somewhere in the conversation it was explained that the unwritten rule of places like this was that everyone is naked so no one feels uncomfortable. To this point we hadn't even decided if we're staying let alone getting naked and it seemed like this random old guy was asking Maddie to get undressed for him.
Unexpectedly Maddie said " well, I don't want to make anyone uncomfortable." Right after saying this she dropped her stuff in the sand and reached behind her back to undo the strings of her bikini. By doing this they dropped about an inch from where they were supported by the bikini and the natural teardrop shape and height of them came into view. She grabbed the edges of the cups and pulled them over her head bringing her perfect breasts into view of the whole beach. The man formed a wry smirk on his face and licked his lips at the sight before him. His member seemed to have grown even more to about twice its original size and I could tell he had to resist the urge to reach out and touch them from the 3 feet away he was standing.
"Wow, even more beautiful," he said.
"Thanks for the tips, but we really need to find our friends. See you around," Maddie said as she picked up her stuff up and we continued up the beach.
Maddie's body was somehow even more delectable than I'd ever seen as she walked topless up the beach with me and I couldn't be prouder to be the husband of such a beauty. We walked up the roughly 200-foot section of beach and saw a completely naked Amy wave us over. We got to where they were sitting on their towels and Amy leapt up to give Maddie a hug.
"Isn't this great," Amy said.
"I did not expect to be walking into a nude beach today," Maddie replied, laughing nervously.
"It's fine, everyone mostly just minds their own business anyway," Amy said.
We put our towels down on the sand and said hi to the rest of the group. Martina came up to me first and hugged me Maddie simultaneously, pressing her bare tits into both of our chests.
"What are you still doing in your suit?" Martina teased.
Watching her expose herself to so many people was incredibly erotic and as I pull my trunks down, I realized that I was already in a semi erect state.
Martina looked down and giggled, saying "easy tiger, why don't you come to the water and cool off?"
I started to walk with her towards the water and Maddie stayed still as my hand extended. I turned back and asked her "aren't you coming?"
"No, you go ahead I'm just going to get settled in," Maddie replied.
Martina led me in to about waist deep then we both jumped in the cool, refreshing ocean water. We stayed in the water a while and made conversation while observing the people on the beach. I saw Maddie left Amy to go say hi to Roger who gave her a big hug, his penis rubbed on her leg as they embraced. He stepped back to observe her and they looked to be flirting with each other as she slapped his arm at a joke he made. Mateo joined them and as he did Maddie's eyes locked onto his huge dark member. She had only seen the outline and the tip protruding from his briefs before but now gazing upon his impressive cock in its albeit flaccid entirety was a whole other experience.
He went in for a hug as her perky tits press into his stomach, the base of his thick member presses into her belly button extended several inches down her thigh. As they embrace, she can feel him flexing it as he had before. As it jumped it bumped the hood of her clit and she instantly felt herself becoming damp.
"I'm glad you decided to join us, this is my favorite part of the resort, I come here every week," Mateo said. His member was already becoming thicker and longer, making Maddie blush with the thought that she could have that affect on him so easily. She was openly staring at it, unconsciously licking her lips as she wondered what it tasted like.
Finally breaking her obvious gaze on his cock, she replied "Me too, but I'm a little nervous, I've never been to a nude beach before."
"After a little while its just like any other beach, except with beautiful naked women," he added, really laying the charm on thick.
"And men with big cocks," Maddie said without thinking, returning her stare to his crotch. Realizing what she said a few seconds after she snapped herself out of it and sat down next to Amy on her towel.
Still in the water with Martina and having semi adjusted to the water and my surroundings, Martina asked, "So have you cooled off yet?" As she said that she reached in the water and took hold my semi hard cock gliding it up and down my shaft, while she bit her lower lip. "Almost there," she said in a sexy voice, continuing to stroke me under the water. Now that I'm completely hard she backed away and teased me by bending over to touch her toes, showcasing her perfect ass and tight labia to me.
Not knowing what to do, I stayed in the water unsure about the protocol for erections on the beach. Reaching her towel which wasn't far from mine, she leaned over to said something to Maddie. She sat up and looked out towards me through her sunglasses and waved me in. Lucky for me my erection had mostly gone down and due to the cool water, wasn't as prevalent as it might have been otherwise. I walked back to my towel and thanked Martina for leaving me out there in that state. Maddie and her burst into laughter and I joined in because it was a decent prank.
We baked in the sun for about a half hour before I sat up and saw that Maddie's front was starting to get red. I told her and she asked me to apply some sunscreen on her with a wink. I squeezed the bottle into my hand and began to spread it over her tanned skin. I started at her feet before I made my way up to her thighs and then inward toward her tight little bush. I made sure to take my time, massaging as I went and stopping just before I reached the hood of her clit. I then changed directions and worked my way back up her body towards her breasts. It was at this point I noticed that some people had stopped what they were doing to watch me massage her breasts. I spent more time than was needed while I made sure the hands made her feel as good as she looked with a little sheen now covering her body. She let out a little whine as I covertly pinched her nipple between my forefinger and thumb before I moved on to cover her arms and shoulders. The sensual nature of the massage had me semi erect the entire time.
"I could let you do that all day, babe," Maddie said, a little disappointed that the massage was over.
"Don't worry, we'll reapply a little later," I reassured her.
"Hey I'm getting a little red over here too," Amy joked, not expecting me to actually do it. What she didn't count on was that I actually derive quite a bit of pleasure from making a woman feel good and shifted over to her to get to work.
I began in the same fashion, covering her entire lower body but stopping at her pubic area which was different from Maddie's in that it was completely hairless. I spent even more time in that area, accidentally on purpose running the tips of my finger on the over the outside of her love button. I know she loved it because I could sense her breathing speed up and halt intermittently. Jason had gotten up and started to massage sunscreen into Amy's shoulders and down her arms. We meet in the middle at her breasts, each massaging one at a time with both hands, she began to shudder as both of us played with her tits with our greased-up fingers.
"Don't stop," she said under her breath. Her back slightly arched and I looked down to see that Maddie had placed her hand on Amy's slit, moving it in a long circles while both men kept pleasuring her ample tits. We kept it up until Amy finally had her orgasm when she announced "Yes! Yes, Ohhh god, oh, yes!" She was still grinding into Maddie's hand a minute later when she finally came down.
Maddie withdrew her hand, which was now covered in Amy's juices and much the way Amy had done with her, she brought a finger to her mouth and sucked it clean. She remarked to herself that she really enjoyed the taste but it had a slightly different taste than her own. She saved the other finger for Amy who ravenously devoured it in her mouth.
"I need to cool off after that. Want to come for a swim Maddie?" Amy asked as she stood up. Maddie got up and followed her toward the water.
I stayed behind and Martina came to sit beside me when the girls reached the water. "So, is it my turn next?" She jokingly asked. I could tell she wanted me to give her the same massage despite her jovial tone.
"I thought you'd never ask," I said playing along. As I went to grab the sunscreen, she stopped me to use her tanning oil instead. I should have guessed that a woman with her skin tone didn't often wear sunscreen so I took the bottle from her and she laid back into the towel.
She flipped over and asked me, "can you do both sides? I want to make sure I get an even tan."
"Sure, but it will cost you double," I said, with a hungry grin that she couldn't see.
This time I decided to start with her shoulders and work my way down. I squirted a healthy amount of oil onto her back which from her reaction I could tell was a sensation she enjoyed. I covered her whole upper back before I started massaging the area. I began at the top of her neck down one shoulder and back up the neck and to the other shoulder. I work down to the shoulder blades and along to her lower back next. I spent a bit of time at the top of her hip, rubbing those tight muscles that are sore in virtually every person.
"MM," Martina moaned in approval of my technique.
I repositioned myself so that I was straddling her legs just above the knee to get the best angle. My hard cock which she surely felt on her legs was pointed up towards her pussy but was still several inches away. I moved onto her butt cheeks, rubbing the oil into them in a circular motion. As I did, I caught a short glimpse of her rosebud which I was unexpectedly tempted to lick as it kept coming into view. I moved on to her lower cheeks which I caressed firmly.
"mmph," Martina moaned and clenched her cheeks together involuntarily. I reached up to rub the upper part of her check one last time before I started down to her thighs. When I did this I was thrown a bit off balance, and scooted forward to catch myself without disrupting the massage. As I did this my hard dick prodded her firmly in the bottom of the cheek, mere inches away from her pussy.
"Ahh, is that nice dick hard for me?" She asked, not expecting an answer.
"Yeah, it's not often I get to massage a hot Latina's ass like yours," I said, trying to play it off like it wasn't an accident.
I was moving onto her thighs when I saw that the girls just got back from the water, both looking refreshed and curious at what I was doing. Mateo and Roger, who were watching the whole thing, were partially erect as they look over to the girls bent over as they got comfortable for the show.
Maddie, feeling the eroticism of the massage and a bit jealously wanting more attentions herself called in the guy's direction. "Mateo would you mind rubbing some of this sunscreen on my back?"
As if waiting to be asked he walked the short distance over to Maddie and knelt down near her head to take the bottle. His semi hard cock was now less than a foot away from her head as she lay face down on her towel.
"What would you like, Maddie?" Mateo asked in a low voice.
She didn't immediately answer. She was transfixed with the huge, dark penis to close to her head causing her mouth to water. Thoughts of what to do next raced through her head. She contemplated reaching out and taking hold of it and directing toward her mouth so she could get a taste. As she stared, it twitched a little and the tiniest bead of precum appeared at the tip. Not sure if she was getting tunnel vision or if it had grown to be closer to her, she absentmindedly whispered, "Holy shit does that thing getting bigger?" Realizing she said that out loud she panicked by asking, "Would you mind rubbing it on my back, my husband over there is a little preoccupied." Realizing she was stuck instead doubled down by placing a hand on his thigh right next to his cock and rubbed from the top of his thigh to his knee and back to the top of his hip, several times. She let the side of her hand graze his impossibly long package as she moved while looking up to him teasingly.
"Please Mateo. You don't want me to get burnt, do you?" Maddie begged, hoping this might excite him further so she had an excuse to see him at full mast.
Mateo picked up on her little game unbeknownst to her, so he put off moving as long as he could so she continued to stimulate him as he kept growing. Maddie's eyes went back to his member that was by this time so close, she could almost just extend her tongue to touch. She knew she wanted it but she also knew she wasn't ready.
Every time she thought to say something a little devil on her shoulder would tell her how amazing it would feel in her mouth. She wondered how much of that she could take down her throat before she gagged. She didn't notice that her mouth stayed open as it watered, yearning for what could happen next.
Meanwhile Mateo was in a dilemma himself. He could easily slide forward slightly and press his aching cock into her open mouth like he so desperately wanted, but he wasn't sure if it was the right move.
"Absolutely Maddie, I'll give you my best massage," Mateo finally answered, figuring he could butter her up more before making his move.
Amy pulled the same thing with Roger even though her husband wasn't busy, she just wanted the attention.
I continued massaging Martina's thigh as I ran my palms along the back of her knee all the way up to the bottom of the cheek, pausing as the top to squeeze slightly, giving me a nice view of her shaved pussy. After a few repetitions, I worked my hands to her inner thigh one side at a time. As I ran my hand up her thigh, I stopped just barely grazing her outer lips which I could see were damp. I felt her shutter as my hand approached in anticipation each time followed by an audibly exhale when they retreated. I switched to the other side and repeat the same procedure, which I could tell she enjoyed just as much. Each time my hand got near I could feel the heat coming from her moist folds. It made me want explore it more and feel her wetness but I resisted the urge. I worked my way down to her calves and then to her feet, giving extra attention to the soles of her feet.
I crawled along the sand up to her hip and leaned over her body to tell to her, "flip over so I can get the front."
"Fine, you tease," she replied playfully.
As I waited for her to flip over, I looked over to Maddie who now had Mateo working on her with his own technique. Her legs were together as he straddled her upper thighs. When he leaned forward to reach her shoulders, his bulbous head trailed up the centre of her back, leaving what looked like faint trail of precum. His slow deliberate moves resembled that of a long, slow thrust. The shaft of his cock was partially buried between her cheeks such that only the top half was visible. He was essentially fucking her but on the outside of her body and she was loving every second of it.
Behind her, Roger was doing something similar to Amy while Jason sat in front slowly stroking himself to the scene before him. 5 or six other people hovered nearby with the sunburnt man among them that weren't there before to get a closer look. There were at least one or two couples among them as well as a few single men. The singles who stood closer were particularly enjoying the show with several of them appearing to grow.
Mateo had slid further down her thighs and began to massage her lower back and the tops of her hips. Now as he slid back the head of his cock disappeared into her cheeks stopping at or just before her back entrance. I could see small drops of precum around her ass as he continued his massage. He slid his body down further and firmly gripped her ass. His grip separated her cheeks, fully revealing her virgin entrance. With the lotion now lubricating the path where his cock had been sliding, he placed his member that had grown to at least 10 inches back into her crevice and started to rock his hips forward. He seemed to have abandoned the massage as he was more interested in sliding his cock along her ass than massaging her.
The stimulation was new to Maddie, as she and I had not partaken in any anal play. She could feel the contours of it as it slid along her sensitive rim but was nervous that the head would slip in on it's way by. She allowed him to continue as her usually rational mind was clouded from this new and exotic pleasure. A unique type of orgasmic feeling was just starting to build when he paused his movement and slid down a few inches further. As he pressed forward this time Maddie could instantly tell what his plan was. She could feel the hot tip of his monster against her moist outer lips, a short thrust from penetrating her. To his credit, he could have easily just entered her but instead waited for some hint of approval. All she had to do was arch her back or whisper an approval and he was ready to give her a pleasure that she had never felt before. He could see her ribs expand and contract showing how hard to she was breathing, either in anticipation or from nerves. He shifted his hands to the top of her shapely hips and took hold for leverage as he took her lack of objection as a sign to go ahead.
"How about my front next?" Maddie said, finally speaking and rolling over. When she finally got her leg around, Mateo's member came into view.
She was again dumbstruck as it had grown even bigger than before. He stood up and walked to her side, his rigid member bouncing as he stepped. Mateo knelt beside her and his cock rested on her bicep as he reached forward to massage her shoulder. His hands soon trailed down her side before going down to her stomach, brushing her breast with the top of his hand on the way by.
The scene had caused both Martina and I to lose interest in our massage and watch Maddie and Mateo. As his hand rose back up her stomach he paused at the underside of her breast and paused. The anticipation was getting to Maddie as she bit her lip and looked to his face that was focused on her body. He slowly brought his hand over her breast and covered her nipple and most of her boob. He squeezed lightly and Maddie let out a loud shaky exhale, showing her approval. His other hand found the other breast and he squeezed them in unison. Her mouth agape showed her obvious state of arousal as he pinched her nipple between his thumb and index finger, much the way I do.
I saw her visibly wet pussy and could not contain myself, I rushed over there and placed myself between her legs and rammed my full length into her. She was soaking wet and I slid in easily and she moaned with the unexpected pleasure I was giving her. I immediately started pounding her rapidly like a man possessed while Mateo looked at me and smirked, continuing to squeeze Maddie's perky tits. I usually like to see them bounce as I fuck her but another man's hands on her was just as good. Hitting the spot she loves she moaned and flailed a bit looking for support only to reach out and take hold of Mateo's monster.
Realizing instantly what she did, and seemingly glad, she started stroking him as I kept pounding her pussy for all I was worth. More precum leaked out the end of his cock, landing on her shoulder as she stroked him at a pace that rivaled my own. She must have been doing a great job as he showed signs that he was not far away from cumming.
Meanwhile I heard Amy moan "Yes, yes, yes, oh fuck," as Roger pounded her from behind. She must not have turned him down the way Maddie did Mateo and was reaping the reward as her husband watched from 2 feet away jerking his cock to the scene.
Maddie suddenly announced "oh shit I'm gonna cum baby, keep fucking me." "Oh yeahhhh, ohhhhh," she continued.
Those words were enough to set me off and quite frankly given the circumstances I was surprised I lasted long enough to make her cum with how hot this got me. I couldn't hold back anymore and I thrust forward one last time and start shooting my cum as far in her as I could and the feeling of my cum hitting her cervix was just enough to push her overt he edge as well. Her body started to jerk as I tried to stay inside her and her grip tightened on Mateo as she somehow kept stroking him. He too groaned that he was going to cum and started thrusting into her hand motions and finally exploded the biggest load I have ever seen onto Maddie's body. It seemed like a hose was turned on and didn't stop for like 10 seconds. Her tits to her belly button were just covered by the thick ropes he was shooting all over.
She would later describe the feeling of being plastered by his cum like she everywhere it touched was suddenly on fire, sending every nerve firing at once to overload her with pleasure. When he finally stopped cumming, he took his softening but still massive member and rubbed the cum into her nipples and arching her back she went into another small orgasm from the sensation. I had been forced out and stepped back to observe her from a few feet back and it was the most erotic scene I had ever witnessed. My wife who just a week ago would have never exposed herself, let alone let me fuck her in front or a group of people or let a man she hardly knows cum all over her. This was beyond any expectation I had ever thought possible.
As we stood there watching Roger had pulled out of Amy and she turned around as he started blasting her chest with cum. As he was shooting his last ropes she leaned in and took it in her mouth and milked the last bit out. After about 10 seconds she backed away cupping her mouth and crawled over to Maddie. She brought her mouth the Maddie's and extended her tongue, still coated with Roger's cum to her lips. Maddie lightly sucked her tongue into her mouth taking in Roger's salty cum and then kissed her lips. They made out, swapping Rogers cum between their mouths before both swallowing each the mixture of cum and saliva.
Maddie had finally taken a second to see what was going on around them and saw a surrounding circle had formed a few feet away from them with men from the beach. All of these men were jerking their meat to the show they'd just put on. She was a bit overwhelmed by the number of men she was turning on, there were 5 random men and the large sunburnt man she met at the entrance. She was frozen but transfixed by the variety of packages before her. It's a good thing Amy wasn't shy as she took charge and reached for 2 of the cocks to jerk them. The guy's attention shifted to Amy and Maddie sat by and admired a woman who was totally confident and in control and demanded their attention. She wished she could be that powerful and confident but in that moment was satisfied with how much progress she made on this trip with being open and adventurous.
A few minutes later after Amy had taken a turn to jerk all the men surrounding her they started to cum and coat her chest at her direction. With Mateo's cum now starting to dry on her skin she had an urge to go join her in but she just admired the show from a few feet away. With Amy now thoroughly plastered, she grabbed Maddie's and they both went to the ocean to clean off. The rest of us were not far behind needing to be cooled down as well.
While in the water Maddie, pulled Amy in for a long passionate kiss. She could taste some of the cum that Amy had caught from the group and she relished the salty flavor. She let her go and said "I totally see what you mean about getting cum on you, it felt fantastic."
"See, I knew you had that side to you. It just needed a gentle push to get there," Amy replied with a proud smile.
They went back to the beach to until people started getting hungry and parted their separate ways. With Amy and Jason leaving the next day they said goodbye and promised to keep in touch. Maddie and I went back to our room to get ready for the steak dinner we'd been looking forward to all week and a quiet evening after that. The dinner ended up being superb and we enjoyed every bite, we both thought we had enough excitement for the day and agreed to relax through the rest of the night. After some time in the hot tub the night was anything but quiet as we fucked each other with even more passion than any other night.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning Maddie was excited because she got to reap the rewards of her dance competition at the spa all morning. I opted to book a deep-sea fishing excursion a day before so that I had something to do for the day. I'd return around 4 and Maddie a few hours earlier. The plan was to go for a nice seafood dinner together and smoke that last joint in the evening so that it didn't go to waste.
Maddie and I left together since we were going in the same direction with her walk being much shorter than mine. To tease me Maddie didn't put a bra on under her crop top and walking with her as her tits bounced beneath her top left me with an image, I wouldn't be able to shake from my head all day on the boat. She left me with a kiss as she entered the spa and I continued on to my shuttle.
When Maddie got to the front desk, she was given an itinerary that included a facial, a half hour in the sauna, a 60-minute massage, a mud bath and then a manicure and pedicure. The receptionist also gave her a key to a locker and a nice comfy robe. When she entered the locker room, she discovered that it was gender neutral with a few private change rooms and shower stalls and a large communal shower area. Feeling her confidence at an all time high it didn't bother her much. It was also a Monday morning which apparently was very slow as she had the whole room to herself.
Maddie got undressed and put on her robe before leaving for her facial treatment a few minutes early. She was led into a dimly lit room where a nice woman applied all her treatments and gave her an herbal iced tea to sip on while the facial ingredients worked their magic. When her time at this station was up, they washed her face and she headed back to the changeroom to wrap herself in a towel and head to the sauna.
Having not seen anyone else at the spa to this point she was surprised to find so many people in the sauna area. As it happens the sauna is actually free to use for all guests and its users tend to be of the older crowd. The room was a narrow rectangle shape about 10 feet wide with 2 tiers of seating. As soon as she walked in, she noticed only a few of the 12 men there wore a towel and they hung out in the nude. She took a seat on the second tier as it was all that was available and closed her eyes to soak in the heat for a minute. She wished she were alone so she could drop her towel but with not only being one of two women present but also the only one under 50 so it might feel a bit weird. She opened her eyes and noticed most of the men across from her were staring in her direction. More specifically at the bottom of her towel, presumably trying to look up to see her pussy. She had her legs closed so she doubted they could see much of anything so she decided to ignore it and relax for the remaining 20 minutes. The door opened and in walked Todd wearing a towel. He noticed Maddie right away and walked up and joined her on the second tier.
"Fancy meeting you here, Maddie," Todd said.
"Hey Todd, I guess since we won the same prize for the spa it makes sense, we're both here," Maddie replied.
"I've come in here a couple times to sweat out all the booze from the night before so I can keep it up every day. Works like a charm," Todd said.
"I'll have to keep that in mind the next time I'm hungover," Maddie said. "This is probably the first time I've seen you where you're not completely wasted," she joked.
"Yeah, you're right, I have been going pretty hard this week," he shot back playfully.
"Though, I wasn't drunk enough on new years eve to forget our little kiss." With us talking at normal volume, everyone in the room seemed to perk up at the mention of Maddie kissing some random guy.
"I'd say that was more than a little kiss, and by the way when I agreed to that, I had thought I was just giving you a two second kiss, not all your friends, and not ... like that," Maddie said. She noticed several of the undraped men's penises seemed to have swelled since she first walked in as they continued to steal glances at her in her towel.
"Sorry about those guys, they get all horned up when they're drinking and I should have held them back," Todd said apologetically. "Though, you did seem to enjoy yourself quite a bit if I recall."
Maddie blushing a little bit said "I was pretty drunk as well but thanks for the apology." She liked the sober version of Todd a lot better as he was only kind of a dick in this state.
"The guys still won't shut up about the way you looked in that bikini, you looked fuckin hot," Todd said earnestly.
"Thanks, believe it or not I didn't know that it was see through, my husband knew the whole time and didn't say anything all day. I even won a bikini contest with it later in the day because of it so at least I got something out of it," Maddie said. All the men still listen intently, with their members continuing to surge.
"I would have done the same if I were him, but I would have wanted you all to myself," he said with a flirty tone.
Maddie noticed a small bulge forming under Todd's towel to go along with all the other old men intently watching her. She sat there for the rest of the 10 minutes with her eyes closed making small talk until the time was up and they had to go to their massage. As she opened her eyes it seemed like most of the men had full erections with one man even subtly stroking himself. She heard a collective groan as she exited the sauna and felt the sensation of the cooler air on her skin create goosebumps all over. Together they headed to the massage room and it seemed that the spa package was actually a couple's package and the rest of the day's activities would be spent with each other.
They laid down on the tables with small towels covering Maddie's breast and vagina, and a towel covering Todd's penis. Maddie's Massage therapist was a well-built woman of about 40 with very strong hands and Todd's was a pretty, younger woman who seemed to have a thing for him. About 20 minutes in, Maddie lifted her head off the pad to look around to see what was going on and she caught Todd looking at her barely covered body through partly opened eyes as the therapist worked on his glutes under the towel. It was time to flip on to my back which I did while remaining covered up and I noticed we were a bit ahead of Todd in the stage of the massage. This was probably because he was flirting with the therapist for most of the massage, as I listened to their banter.
It was now his time to flip and as he did the therapist looked away and held the towel over his groin area and placed it back when he was rolled over. I watched as the towel was placed and a large tent formed revealing his state of arousal. The therapist turned around and upon seeing it, giggled while covering her mouth.
"Don't worry, it happens from time to time. Just try to relax as best you can and I'll continue the massage," she reassured him.
Maddie and her therapist had to suppress their laughter which Todd heard and said "I'll try, it's just you're so good at this I couldn't help it."
This was more the Todd she thought he was she thought and returned her focus back to her own massage which was really needed after this week.
After the massage was over, they both headed back to the locker room to shower before heading to the mud bath. All the private showers were in use and the therapists were pretty adamant about them showering between treatments to get the full effect so Maddie just went into one of the stalls with the shoulder height walls. Todd followed her in watching her remove her towel from behind to get an excellent view of her bare back, ass and the sides of her breasts that hung passed her side before taking the stall beside. She noticed him trying to sneak a peek of her totally naked body as she rinsed off and convinced that he would inevitably see at some point she shut her shower off and walked around the wall to his stall.
"May as well get a good look," she said confidently standing a few feet behind him while the water washes over him. He turns around and smiles, finally seeing her whole body completely naked. He stood there for several seconds not saying anything as his eyes scanned every inch of her body. Maddie did the same and as she did, she noticed his cock which was already a bit above average start to swell.
"You're even hotter naked," Todd said greedily, staring at her body still.
"You're not bad yourself. Is that for me?" She asked motioning toward his cock that was now about halfway hard by her estimation.
"Maybe a little," he joked.
They headed to the mud bath area in their robes and were given a rundown of the benefits and instructed to use the shower in the corner of the room because it had a special drain that wouldn't get clogged with the mud.
After the therapists left the room, the lights dimmed and two got into their respective mud baths. They sat there in silence for the most part for the first 25 minutes really absorbing the experience and making idle chit chat.
"I'm glad we won that dance game; this has been one of the highlights of my trip now that I'm here. I was actually debating on skipping it to go hangout with the guys," Todd said. "They were going into town to go to some strip club this afternoon and I'm going to miss the shuttle but, now, I don't mind so much," Todd continued, placing an emphasis on the word 'now'.
"I love the spa and I go every chance I get back home. What's been your favorite part so far?" Maddie asked.
"Actually, it was the shower we took 20 minutes ago," Todd said, laying his charm on thick.
Maddie, flattered but not sure if he was playing with her, replied "Oh, really?"
"Yeah, I've been dying to see you naked since I saw you by the pool in that yellow bikini on my first day. If you don't mind me saying, your body didn't disappoint," Todd said back in a convincing tone.
"Thanks, Todd. I think I could tell back in the shower," Maddie said, flirting back.
The lights brightened meaning their bath time was over, now they just had shower off all the mud before going to get their nails done.
They both got out of their baths at the same time which caused them both to laugh as there was mud clinging to every inch of their bodies.
"You can tell this was a couple's package because there's only one shower to use," Maddy said, feeling the tension in the room.
"I don't mind sharing if you don't," Todd said walking up to the shower and turning it on to get it warmed up.
Maddie stepped under the overhead shower tap that mimicked the pressure of a heavy rain. She felt some of the mud start to come off but realized there was a reason they told us to use the herbal soap to wash off. Todd joined her in the shower after watching her naked body get all wet from a few feet away. He stepped beside her and allowed the water to wash some of the mud off his body.
"Here, let me get your back. This won't come off on its own," Todd said as he scanned her body, urging her to turn around. She did and immediately felt his hands rubbing in the soap on her shoulders and working his way down to her ass in short order. He rubbed her ass thoroughly before running his hands along her sides. When his hands were halfway up her back, he hugged her close, pressing his cock into her back and reaching around to caress her tits.
"Mmm," Maddie moaned. She could feel him start to kiss the side of her neck as he massaged her tits with his firm grip.
"That feels so good," she said with a long exhale.
Todd continued kneading her breasts for around a minute before Maddie said "I think my back's clean Todd." This didn't deter him as he continued to feel the soft, plump tits that he'd had on his mind all week as Maddie became more and more turned on. "Let me get your back now," Maddie said insistently.
He conceded and turned around in unison with Maddie and she started rubbing the soap into his back. She took her time feeling the contours of his muscular back, working her way down to his ass, giving it a good squeeze in retaliation. In similar fashion she felt her way up his side and hugged him close, pressing her soft tits into his back. She caressed the muscles of his hard, muscular chest before tracing down the front to feel his abs. She kept going further and further down until she rested her hands were on the front of his hips to pause. She had already made up her mind of what she was going to do but paused to build the anticipation of her next move.
Slowly her hands started to creep down the front of his pubic hair until her right hand felt the base of his cock, her other hand drifting further down to his testicles. She corralled his large balls in her hand while wrapping her fingers around his cock.
"Fuck that's a nice fat dick, I can barely wrap my hand around it," Maddie said in a low voice. She began to work her way up the shaft, pleasantly surprised at how long he was. She guessed he was about 8 inches and maybe a bit thicker than her husband. She reached the head and tickled it a bit with her fingertips.
"Do you like my cock, Maddie?" Todd asked.
"Mhmm," Maddie replied, starting to stroke him up and down his shaft. She picked up her pace a little which she could tell he liked as he leaned his head back sighing loudly. She kept pumping his cock from behind for a few more seconds before he turned around, grabbed her head and kissed her hard. Maddie kept hold of his cock that was pressed into her tight bush and pointed it up while pulling him closer. She started to jerk him again while their kissing became steamier. He shifted a hand to her breast to squeeze and knead it to her pleasure. She moaned into his mouth and then broke their kiss to look down, her mouth agape at the beautiful cock. She saw the head of his cock was about 5 inches away from her face and a bead of precum had formed at the tip making her mouth water. She stroked him with renewed pace hoping for him to cum in short order. Her left hand continued to cradle his balls as she feels them tense up, which from experience, she knew meant he was very close.
She walked back out of the water with him still partially in it, never letting go of the thick cock in her hands. Maddie dropped to her knees and looked up to him and held intense eye contact with him as she said "Give me your cum Todd, I want it so bad. I want you to cum all over these tits that you've been drooling over all week."
This sent him over the edge and he started to go over the edge with a loud groan, and hips bucking towards her. She pushed out her chest and tilted her head back as she pointed his manhood toward her perfect teardrop tits. He exploded jet after jet of hot cum that splatter across her tits, running down her stomach. "Yeah Todd, cum for me!" She moaned savoring the powerful feeling of taking the full force of his cum all over her chest. With her hand still on his cock and a bit of cum at the end of it she leaned forward and slapped the top of her breasts with his still throbbing dick a few times. It unexpectedly excited him and another small jet shot out while it was tilted up and landed on her upper lip. She smiled while still looking him in the eye extended her tongue to capture the thick glob of cum which she licked into her mouth and swallowed.
"Oh my god, that was fucking insane!" Todd blurted out. "I don't think I've ever cum that hard before. You look so sexy right now with my cum all over on your tits."
Catching his breath, he watched as she stood up and joined him in the water. She kissed him deeply and then said "Thanks for the cum, Todd."
She finished washing off first and left the area in her robe and he followed shortly after, still at a loss for words after what they just did.
Todd stuck around for the Pedicure but declined the Manicure, leaving a bit before Maddie.
"Thanks for everything today, Maddie," Todd said on his way out.
"Anytime," Maddie replied with a wink.
With him gone she relaxed as they did her nails and with all the treatments complete, Maddie left the spa and went to the room to get her bikini and went down to the beach to bake in the afternoon sun.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
That evening, after a nice diner we went for a walk along the beach and found a familiar bon fire with people hanging around having a good time. We approached the fire and saw a couple free chairs so we had a seat and joined the group of strangers at the fire. There were 2 other couples and a couple of single men, all seeming to be around our age and non of which seemed to know each other very well. We introduced ourselves and after getting to know some of them a little bit, we became quite comfortable hanging out. Someone pulled out a bottle of cheap tequila that they took a swig of before passing it around. Maddie and I both took a drink every time it came around which added to our comfort amongst the strangers. I noticed the single guys, Anton and Danny, sitting closest to Maddie kept chatting her up and staring at her hungrily. She seemed to like the attention as she was laughing at their jokes and listening intently when they talked. The bottle came around one last time before one of the single men finished it to everyone's disappointment. The other couple hung around for a little bit longer before heading to one of the clubs for the night. We were considering calling it an early night before Maddie found something in her pocket. It was the other joint we'd bought but forgot about.
"There may not be any more tequila but we have this to smoke before we leave tomorrow," Maddie said holding up the joint. I took it from her, sparked it, then took a hit before passing it to Maddie. Maddie took it and inhaled the smoke deeply, making a show of it for the 2 men. "You guys want some?" Maddie asked.
"Thought you were never going to ask," Anton said, sliding over to sit next to Maddie and taking the joint. He expertly inhaled the smoke and passed it along to Danny.
It got passed around a few times before it too was done and we all sank into our chairs enjoying the high and the feel of the fire as we talked. As the conversation went along, we discovered that Danny was recently divorced because his wife left him for his boss. Anton was his only single friend so they decided to go on vacation together to cheer him up. Maddie, coming from a divorced household herself, felt the story hit home so she gave Danny some extra attention.
"So, what's on your bucket list of things to do in your single life?" Maddie asked.
"I always wanted to be a little more adventurous. My wife was kind of a prude and was a bit of a missionary only kind of gal, if you know what I mean," Danny replied.
"Life's too short for that nonsense, its probably for the best because sex, in our relationship anyway, is one of the best parts, "I said.
"See man, these guys have it figured out and they seem really happy, "Anton remarked.
"I guess you guys do look pretty happy," Danny said in agreement.
"We've never been better actually, and a lot of that has to do with our sex life really taking off recently," Maddie said, looking at me proudly. We both had a little laugh after I looked back at her, the weed was definitely taking effect. "Hey you said you wanted to be adventurous right?" Maddie said before stand up and walking back from the chairs. "Then let's go."
Maddie pulled her top over her head, dropped her shorts then turned around and started jogging towards the water. After about 20 feet she reached behind her, unclasped her bra and slid her panties down and stepped out of them before continuing to the water completely nude. She was just about to the water when both Danny and Anton picked their jaws off the sand and stood up and started removing their clothes. They were in their underwear when they took off running to the water like a couple of animals chasing down their prey. They were about halfway to the water when I stood up and started walking towards the water to get a better view of the scene unfolding.
Danny and Anton had reached the water and were knee deep in the water when Maddie yelled to them from 20 feet away "it's called skinny dipping guys, lose the underwear and join me."
They turned to each other and said something before both pulling down their boxers and throwing them to shore. Their actions were met with a cheer from Maddie who got a good look at both of them as they both ran in her direction. All 3 of them stood there naked talking, a bit too silent for me to hear from the shore. That's when Maddie smiled at them and splashed them, setting off a faceoff between the men and her.
They splashed back and forth before Anton snuck around behind her and grabbed her in a bear hug around the waist. He picked her up and that's where I noticed that he was fully erect as he lifted her, his cock resting on her ass. He threw her into the water causing her to let out a little scream in the process and him to also fall fully in the water. They laughed for a second before Maddie recognized that Danny was barely wet somehow. Maddie was intent on making sure he got good and wet so she leapt into him chest to chest causing him to fall back into the water with her on top. With both of them surfacing a second later I noticed he too was sporting a hard on as they stood up. They all ran back to the shore seeming very cold then we all gathered at the fire, with none of them having put their clothes back on yet. Seeing as there was no one around to see, everyone was happy to fully dry off before putting their clothes back on.
I was holding Maddie as she shivered in my arms when I nuzzled into her neck to warm her. Lingering, I began to kiss her neck and she responded by holding me tight. My hands slid from her middle back to her cheeks and I got a firm grip. The guys noticed this development and their waning hard-ons were renewed as they watched me play with her ass.
"I hope you don't mind me saying, but you've got an incredible ass Maddie," Anton said breaking the silence.
"Thanks, if my husband doesn't mind you can feel for yourself," Maddie replied, looking up at me.
"Go ahead," I said with smirk. I barely finished speaking before his hand was on her ass kneading away causing Maddie to give out a little moan.
"May, I," Danny asked looking like he wanted to join in the fun. I nodded in approval and he too started greedily feeling up her ass from behind her.
They played with her ass for half a minute before Maddie turned around and grabbed Danny and pulled him in for a kiss. Feeling his hard cock trapped between their bodies and running up her bush toward her belly button caused Danny's cock to twitch and leak precum onto her stomach. She felt his twitch and the wetness between them and kissed him harder.
I stepped back to watch, letting Anton get in close behind her. He pressed his body into hers wanting to get more involved and brought his hands up to cup her breasts. She broke the kiss to let out a little moan. Anton, taking this as approval reached for her hand and brought it behind her backend placed it on his member. She instinctively started to stoke him and Danny who was getting further into it started to thrust his hips causing more precum to come out and lubricate his cock's path along Maddie's stomach. This went on for about a while before Maddie broke away from their grip and came to sit on my lap. This was clearly her way of telling me that this is as far as she wanted it to go and they got the hint but continued to stroke themselves. She picked up where she left off with them, with me right away. She was beyond caring who was there. She needed my dick and she needed it now. She pulled my shorts down allowing for my cock to spring out and she pushed me back into the chair. She dropped to her knees leaned over to take my cock in her mouth. She swallowed all the way down to the base and held there for a couples of seconds. She came up and looked at me and continued to work on my cock vigorously. Behind her the guys were still stoking their cocks, staring at her as she arched her back giving them a good view of her wet pussy. She started to pick up the pace and I felt my orgasm getting close. The guys seemed to match my pace and their motions told me they were also close. Maddie also reached down to play with herself while she sucked me and she herself was not far from her own orgasm.
That's when Anton grunted and his motions became more erratic and he let out a stream of cum that landed on Maddie's ass and lower back. She felt the warm feeling and let out a muffled moan with my cock still deep in her mouth pausing to feel the cum. I came seconds later in her mouth as she greedily swallowed my load in its entirety before coming up for air, licking her lips and smiling.
"My turn now," Maddie said standing up and looking at Danny who was still jerking his cock a foot away.
She took a seat in the chair right beside and spread her legs and reached down and spread her lips as well giving Danny a spectacular view. I took the hint and stood up and got down in front of her and started lapping up all her juices around her pussy. She tasted so good, I kept going and worked my tongue from her clit, down to her pussy and back a few times before she really started bucking below me seemingly very close to exploding.
I heard Danny say "oh fuck, I'm going to cum." He met her eyes and she looked hungrily at his cock that was about to explode as well.
She beckoned him over, hoping he would give her what she wanted.
He didn't hesitate as he stepped beside her and let out a torrent of cum that covered both her tits as she pressed them together to catch his creamy load. This set her off as she came along with him as hard as I've ever seen her cum. It was now the second time I witnessed her let guy who wasn't me cum all over her and she relished in the warm feeling, gripping the arms of the chair to hold on as her orgasm subsided. She watched intently as Danny dripped the last few drops of cum from his hard cock onto her tits. She reached her hand out and have it a few strokes to get the last bit out which landed on her hand. She looked at up him as she released him and caught her breath. She brought both hands to her tits and rubbed in all the cum, the guys backed away and we just admired a beautiful woman covered in our cum.
She stood up and ran to the water and we all joined her to clean off. We made our way back to the fire to warm up and dry off before heading back to our room. We made love again with even more lustful intensity than by the fire and drifted off to sleep shortly after.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The next morning Maddie convinced me to head to the spa to enjoy the sauna for half an hour before we were supposed to leave the resort for the airport at noon. The whole way there she told me about all the benefits of spending time in the sauna and how good it made her feel. It seemed to make a lot of sense and it turned out you didn't need an appointment; you could just come and go as you please in that part of the spa. We got undressed in the locker room which seemed, to me, a bit odd in how open the layout was for a gender-neutral area. In our towels we walked into the sauna and took a seat on the lower level with other people scattered in the narrow space.
All four of the other occupants were men over 55 and that two of them were not draped in a towel either. We sat there relaxing for about 5 minutes, relaxing further with each second as we started to sweat out all the liquor of the last few days. Then Maddie, catching me by surprise, stood up and dropped her towel exposing herself to all these old men. This drew the eyes of everyone in the narrow sauna as Maddie sat back and slouched into the back rest. She knew exactly what she was doing, she had all the men's attention and she loved every second of it. She sat there with her eyes closed just listening to the whispers of the old men now openly staring at her naked body.
We stayed for about a half hour while those men stared, all of them unabashedly had erections and one even started to stroke himself under his towel. We were both overheating so we left to take a cold shower but were joined by a couple of the men who got an even better view of Maddie without the steam. She made a show of the shower and made sure to take her sweet time when she bent over so they got a view of her pussy. Maddie blew them a kiss on our way out and we headed back to the room to pack up our stuff.
We went to the front desk and waited for the shuttle to the airport to catch our flight. While we waited Maddie was getting more texts than usual so I asked her "who's that?"
"That's just Mateo, he's sad to see us go," Maddie answered. "Oh, and I was also texting our lovely uber driver Gurpreet who's been asking about our trip and when we get back."
"Wow, that guy is really earning a big tip when we get back," I said, surprised to hear him texting her.
"Yeah, he's a sweetheart. Apparently, his wife died a few years back and that he's pretty lonely these past few years. Which is why he drives uber, I guess he gets to meet a lot of people that way," Maddie said.
"I suppose," I said, leaning over to look at the phone. I see that she sent him a couple pictures, one of which is of her in the bikini she was trying on in the back of his car that he liked.
"He was asking about the trip so I sent him a couple pictures," Maddie said, showing me.
Leaving it at that our shuttle arrived and we got on went to the airport. Check-in and the flight went by very quick and along the way I realized how tired I was from the trip so I tried to sleep the whole way back but I had a kid sitting behind me kicking my seat. By the time we got our bags and walked to the front of the airport I was exhausted and after I shook Gurpreet's hand and Maddie gave him a big hug. I went in the backseat first and fell asleep immediately.
The ride was short but I slept very well on the way back as I didn't wake up from any bumps in the road or even when we pulled into the driveway. I was awoken when Maddie shook me while I laid sprawled out across the back seat. It was one of those naps that feels like I slept for 2 hours even though it was like 15 minutes and I felt rested. I went to give Gurpreet a well-earned tip and to my surprise he declined it and said to call if we need another ride. I thanked him and we went into the house.
We ordered in for diner and had a lazy evening of unpacking, saving our energy for the next day as we would both be returning to work. As we crawled into bed Maddie cuddled up next to me and we started to unpack all the events of the trip.
"I really started to enjoy the feeling of all the men staring at my body, especially towards the end," Maddie said.
"I love that you indulged my little fantasy, though I was surprised how far we went it a few times," I said. "Not in a bad way at all, in fact, quite the opposite. I don't think I've ever been so turned on in my life."
"Me neither, it was especially nice getting to know Jason and Amy. It was cool to have some more experienced people help us ease into our little escapades," Maddie said with a sly smile, reaching down to place a hand into my pants.
"I loved seeing you with Amy," I replied, feeling her hand grasp my semi hard cock.
"Yeah, she really knew her way around a woman's body. It was almost as good as you when you go down on me," she added as she continued to slowly stroke me under the covers. "She also showed me how much I love it when I get a big load of cum on my tits," she said looking up to me and quickening her pace.
"Yeah, you were a bad girl this trip. Seeing Mateo cum on your tits was so fucking hot," I said.
"Oh yeah, babe, the feeling of his hot cum on my tits was electric. I want more, I want you to come on them after I give you the best blowjob of your life," Maddie said as she slid down the bed and found the head of my cock with her mouth. "Mmm," she moaned.
She was pulling out all the stops, she deep throated me as far as she could until she gagged then came up and slapped the side of her cheek with my rock-hard member.
"Mmm, I love your cock in my mouth baby," Maddie moaned.
"Fuck, I love watching you take it deep like that," I said back.
"You know who had a nice big cock, Todd," Maddie said looking me in the eyes before going back down. She sucked me for another few seconds before resurfacing with a sexy smile. "We went to the spa together," she said between kissing down the shaft. "And after our mud bath we had a cramped little shower together," Maddie said now licking my balls. "We started making out while we were washing up and he pushed that big cock into my stomach and I couldn't help myself and I started stroking him." Maddie sucked one of my balls into her mouth for a few seconds before releasing it with a pop. "He loved feeling my tits, Jack, and I loved the feeling of his cock in my hands." Maddie sucked in the other one while still holding eye contact. She let go and started to lick her way up my shaft. She got to the head kissed the underside then said "he didn't last very long though, I knelt down and let him coat my tits in his thick cum. It was so much and I even had a little taste. Kind of like this." Maddie licked up the drop of precum that had formed at the tip of my dick.
"Maddie that's so fucking sexy. I wish I could have watched but you telling me this is so sexy," I moaned as she continued to work on me. In truth I was a little bit jealous because I didn't like Todd but I was also in the midst of getting a fantastic blowjob and her talking about another guy cumming on her was getting me even hornier.
"Are you going to keep being naughty after our trip?" I asked playfully.
"Mhmm. I've already started hunnie," Maddie said as she looked at me and continued to stroke me towards her mouth. "You passed out in the car and on the way back I got to talking to Gurpreet. He was so happy to see me and he loved those pictures I sent in my bikini. You passed out across the back seat so I sat up front with him. Remember during that first ride, I told him to ask me next time to see if I'd let him catch a glimpse of these tits, well he was so nice I lifted up my shirt and gave him a little show. It was quick, and he wanted more but I told him maybe another time, so I gave him a kiss instead and went to wake you up in the back seat."
"Oh god! I love you so much, I'm going to cum," I said as I started shooting my load.
The first stream shot into her mouth and Maddie aimed my tip down towards her tits and I coated those perfect nipples with my seed. She sat there for a minute enjoying the feeling of my cum on her chest before I decided it was her turn for an orgasm. I pushed her onto her back and went to work. I could feel how worked up she was from the day's activities and the blowjob from how wet she was. Her juices tasted so sweet and she reacted to every flick of my tongue as I attentively hit all of her favorite spots. Before long she started to buck and shortly thereafter erupted into her orgasm screaming loudly in the raw pleasure of it all. I let her come down and I suggested a shower to wash ourselves off. In the shower we made love again with the same passion and cleaned each other off afterwards.
The past week had been revelatory to and there was no better way to cap it off. I had high hope that this was just the beginning and that the future would hold many more sexual adventures.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Thanks for sticking around till the end of the series, there's likely to be some follow up adventures with Maddie as well.
Any feedback by message or comments are greatly appreciated.