Hi my name is Melina, I have a interesting lifestyle as not only a online fiction author but a exhibitionist. I am a sexy lovely 23 year old who is 5ft 7". I have a curvaceous form, sexy 34D breasts and smooth pussy with blonde highlights in my hair.
I may seem very humble to those who know me in the online writing community within my publishing company that I work at. However I have a huge naughty secret. It involves going outside while the neighborhood is quiet at night. There are no cars coming through the streets and almost no wind either. Perfect for me to enjoy my night walks, simply removing each article of clothing, like my track outfit and training bra. After which I slowly check my environment while gently massaging legs and my exposed sexy pussy and breasts.
I truly enjoy this time of night, just me and my thoughts, while rubbing myself, moaning at the thought of someone seeing me, but staying a bit of a distance. I nearly had a encounter, but it was a owl hooting from somewhere else. I spent the night hours walking and rubbing myself more,making me wet with dripping juices down my legs. Thinking of my hot female co worker who would possibly drool of desire if she knew my secret. Perhaps I will invite her to join.
I hope to do this more often as possible~
Perhaps if I went around and asked her personally that would be very fun. So I decide to try the next day as she is my next door neighbor. "Hi Aurora, its Melina, I was wondering if I could ask you to join me at night during my exhibitionist walks" *I hear her moan into the phone and then see her at my door waiting with her barely covered hot sexy body with large sexy breasts and pussy* "Of course, anything for you sweetie"~
As she speaks to me, I notice that there is something hot about her feisty nature and body. I purr softly as I gesture to the route we should take. After which we begin our night session walking down the streets, both of us being slightly covered with minimum clothes. We enjoy the breeze and moan as we slowly sit on a park bench and kiss softly. She rubs my pussy and I touch her large hot breasts more. We purr deeply into each others' touch and rub both pussies together.
Meanwhile a hot lady stalker is taking pictures and rubbing her clothed thong covered clit and wet pussy. She moaned softly at the hot erotic sight before her. "Oh, so hot and delicious I must make them mine"~ Her large breasts covered barely by a see-through shirt reveal hot hard nipples. After she moaned more, she decides to join them.
Melina and Aria coo as they see her approach and moan when they hear the request, agreeing to it. Layla the hot lady stalker coos as she removed her outfit, exposing her sexy body to them.
They both coo and moan sucking her large hot breasts and fingering that hot pussy, Layla arches her back moaning loudly. She purrs as both lovers stroke her pussy more, making her juices pour out. As they are love making, they ask her if she wants to join their group. She moans yes to bring a member. "Yes my loves yes"~ After they complete the session, they bring her to Melina's house and continue the makeout session more. All three moaning and rubbing each other with love. After a lot of lovemaking they decide to watch some erotic movies to pass the time. Layla coos watching the films and decides to try something new.
She gets up and grabs some vibrators and teases them with rubbing against their clits. Causing Melina and Aria and moan and arch catlike with soaking pussies. They continue leaking juices and kiss her gently. They do not realize that there is a new hot lady who just moved in across the street and is getting aroused.
The hot new lady is staring with passion loving what she sees. She has been wanting companions for a while and decides to head over. She enters the house and waves hi. "Hi there beauties, my name is Jewel and I would love to get to know you", they look at her and nod happily. She smiles and slowly teases with undressing, revealing her large sexy breasts and cute pussy. Once they see those, they immediately start sucking and touching her hot body.
Jewel moaned as they do that and arches her back. She cooed as they drink her juices and gasps as her breasts get sucked. They continue doing this for a while.