"Good evening, Mr White."
I looked up from my screen to see my fellow receptionist, Rachel, smiling warmly at the tall, dark figure approaching our desk. I glanced at my watch and wasn't at all surprised to see that it was exactly ten o'clock.
The man leaning casually against our desk was at least six and a half feet tall, and nearly as wide, his muscular frame squeezed into a dark grey suit. He wasn't wearing a tie tonight, and I noticed how thick his neck looked through the open collar of his crisp white shirt.
"Good evening, Miss Kane, and good evening Miss Grant," he said, only briefly taking his eyes off my colleague to glance over at me, nodding a greeting in his curiously formal manner. He had a rather deep voice with a trace of some kind of accent, maybe eastern European. If I'm honest, I suppose I felt a little jealous; it was clear he was attracted to Rachel.
I'm not bad-looking in a girl-next-door kind of way, petite with hazel eyes and my chestnut hair scraped back into a neat ponytail, although I'd put on a little weight since I started doing these night shifts and fallen out of my usual gym routine. But I wasn't too surprised that Mr White only had eyes for Rachel with her slim figure and fair complexion, all blonde curls, glossy pink lips and dark blue eyes.
"You're looking well. How are you?" she said, flashing a bright smile at him as she fumbled beneath the desk for the key to the Peabody suite.
"Fine, thanks. Do you need to see my booking confirmation?" he asked, reaching into the inside pocket of his jacket.
"No, no need, we trust you," she said, handing him the key, and watching it disappear into his big, meaty hand. He asked this every week, but he was just being polite. We all knew that the bridge club he worked for had a block booking from ten pm until three in the morning, and had rented the Peabody Suite for as long as anyone could remember. Certainly as long as I'd worked at the Grand Hotel, which was over two years.
"Thanks, I'll hand it back later," he said with a curt nod.
I waited for him turn and stride off purposefully down the long corridor, then rolled my chair closer to Rachel and nudged her elbow.
"You're looking so well, Mr White, have you been working out, you great big hunky man?" I whispered in a high-pitched parody of her voice, as I fluttered my eyelashes coquettishly.
"Come on, I'm not that bad!" she protested.
"You are! You're such a shameless flirt, Rachel!"
"Was it that obvious?"
"Duh, yeah."
"Well, he is a good-looking man, you can't deny that," Rachel said defensively, as we watched his large frame disappear around a corner.
"Yeah, well I suppose if you like your men tall, dark and handsome, dressed in a nicely tailored charcoal grey suit, I mean if that's really the kind of man that does it for you..." I said.
I got on well with Rachel. I'd moved here to west London from my home town of Bristol a couple of years back, and she'd always done her best to help me settle in at the hotel. Although as I was still relatively new I seemed to get stuck with these 'graveyard' shifts. I guess I didn't mind too much; they paid more and the cost of living here was so much higher than I was used to.
As suggested by its name, the Grand Hotel was well regarded but a little dated. It had been built in the era of Art Deco and although there'd been some recent attempts to modernise it, it still felt stuck in the thirties with its cut-glass chandeliers, large gilt mirrors and garish floral carpets.
Before long, the members of the Hades Bridge Club started to arrive. I smiled politely and said 'good evening' as they drifted through the lobby, in groups of three and four. The men smartly dressed in dark suits with open-collared white shirts, and the women in expensive-looking evening gowns, all headed for the Peabody Suite where they'd spend the rest of the night, leaving in the early hours of the morning, towards the end of my shift.
"Don't you think it's odd?" I said thoughtfully.
"What?" said Rachel, who was smiling and nodding as a tall lady in a slinky bottle green dress walked past clutching a tiny bejewelled gold handbag, barely glancing in our direction.
"This bridge club, they're all so well-dressed. Have you ever actually been in there and seen them playing?"
"Well, no, I think Peter keeps out any non-members, that's kind of his job."
"Oh, it's 'Peter' now, is it?" I teased, causing Rachel to roll her eyes.
"And that's another thing: why does a bridge club meet so late on a Friday night and need a bouncer?" I continued.
"He's not a bouncer, he's a doorman," she protested.
"Bouncer, doorman, what's the difference? He's there to keep people out, right? To stop people seeing what's going on in there."
"Gosh, your imagination! It's a private, members-only club, it's just that they don't want other hotel guests wandering in and out. I mean, what are you expecting?" she replied, shaking her head, her blonde curls brushing against the padded shoulders of her navy jacket.
"Yeah, it's private alright. Do you know anyone who's actually been in there?"
"Well, no but..."
"I'm just saying they could be up to anything down there."
"Come on, just because we haven't been in there it doesn't mean anything. I mean, what are you suggesting, Beth? You think it's some kind of secret kinky sex club or something? Do you think there's a wild orgy going on in there, people swinging from the chandeliers...?"
"Well no, not a sex club, I'm just saying..." I started to say.
"You know you really need to get out more, Beth. How long's it been since you broke up with Derek?"
"Two months, nearly three."
"Well, you should get out there and find yourself another man. Actually, if you fancy it, there's this new bar..." she started to say, then stopped as a guest approached us.
"Hi, I seem to have lost my key card..." he said, holding out his hands and looking apologetic.
"No problem, Sir, now what's your name...?" Rachel said, ever the professional.
-
It was maybe an hour later when I noticed the young woman. She was standing in the middle of the reception area, under the huge chandelier, alternately glancing at a piece of paper that she clutched in her hand and looking around anxiously.
I'd often noticed guests like her, lingering in the reception area before setting off in the direction of the Peabody Suite. They were nearly always women in their twenties or thirties, and often dressed as if they were going to a party. Rachel was on the 'phone, so I looked over the desk and remembering my refresher training, I flashed what I hoped was a friendly smile.
"Can I help you, madam?" I said.
"Oh! Yes, I'm looking for the Peabody Suite," she said, as she drifted towards our desk. She was slim and willowy; her toffee-coloured hair scraped back and tied in a neat ponytail, held with a black ribbon.
Usually I would have simply directed her towards the long corridor to the right and slightly behind our desk but I saw an opportunity.
"Actually I'm just off there myself," I said, getting to my feet and straightening my navy skirt. "I'll take you down there."
"Oh no, that's okay, I don't want to be any trouble," she said, looking a little nervous and I rounded the desk, and invited her to join me by gesturing towards the corridor.
"Oh, that's okay, it's no trouble," I said, as she fell into step with me. "Are you part of the bridge club?"
"Yes, that's right, the bridge club. I'm just a guest," she explained.
Although it was a warm September night, she was wearing a long, beige raincoat, which she unbuttoned as she walked, and I couldn't help noticing that underneath she was dressed like a schoolgirl.
"So is it some kind of fancy-dress night?" I asked, taking in her fitting white shirt gaping open at the front, a rather short yellow-and-black plaid skirt and a pair of plain, low-heeled black shoes.
"Oh! Um, yes, that's right, fancy dress," she said, blushing prettily as she glanced down at her outfit, as if she'd forgotten what she was wearing.
"Well, you'll certainly turn a few heads," I said, as we rounded a corner. Mr White was standing in front of the doors to the suite, erect and solid-looking, hands tucked neatly behind his back.
"Good evening, ladies," he said, looking a little surprised to see me.
"Our guest was a little lost," I explained as we paused in front of him.
I stood and watched closely as the young woman handed him the piece of paper, her hands trembling slightly. I leaned in close but didn't have time to read it properly; I was only able to skim the text, picking up words like "invitation", "discrete" and "private club".
"Excellent, well welcome to the Hades Bridge Club, enjoy your evening, Cherry," White said, handing the invitation back then stepping aside and opening one of the large wooden doors.
"Thanks," the young woman said, smiling nervously as she slipped inside.
I started to follow, but he stepped in front of me, stopping me with a firm hand on my shoulder.
"I can only let you through if you're a member, or you've got an invitation," he explained.
"But I work here!" I protested.
"Sorry Miss Grant, they're the rules," he replied sternly.
"I, um, need to talk to the person in charge. There's been a complaint about the noise," I said, trying to think of some plausible excuse as I craned my neck, trying to peer around the edge of the half-open door. A complaint about noise wasn't likely as there weren't any guest rooms down here, but it was the best I could think of.
"Well, leave it with me, I'll pass the message on," he said, his dark eyes meeting mine as he kicked the door closed.
I was so close yet so far away! A quick glance beyond those doors would surely answer all my questions. I briefly considered trying to shove past him but even as I formed that thought I realised it wasn't a great plan. Up close, I could see the way White's suit looked a little too small, emphasising his muscular frame. If I tried anything, he looked like he'd just tuck me under one of those big arms and carry me kicking and screaming back to reception like a badly behaved schoolgirl.
"Yes well, see that you do," I said rather lamely as I spun on my heels and headed back to reception.
--
It was a little more than an hour later when I saw the young woman again. Looking up from my computer, I wasn't sure how long she'd been sitting there in a little seated area off to one side. It was nearly midnight now and the lobby was a lot quieter, most of our guests having returned to their rooms.
I leaned over the desk trying to catch her eye, as she stood and fastened the buttons of her raincoat.
"Look, it's her!" I whispered to Rachel, but she shot me a look that expressed her total lack of interest.
I scooted round the desk, eager to find out how her evening had gone, but as I approached she turned away, fishing a mobile from her handbag and stabbing at the screen.
"Yeah, hi Marcy, I'm out now, are you on your way?" I heard her say, as I lingered nearby.
I watched her place her black handbag on her seat as she stood and began to pace up and down.
"Oh yeah," she giggled, "it really was quite something."
I knew I shouldn't, but I couldn't resist edging a little closer, desperate to hear what she had to say, to get some clues as to what she'd experienced inside the club. I pretended to rearrange the flowers in a nearby vase.
"Oh yeah, totally! You've got to try it sometime, I mean seriously!" she enthused excitedly.
As she talked, something caught my eye; there was something not quite right about her handbag. I edged closer, trying to figure out what it was. There was something on top. At first I thought it was a handkerchief, which seemed old-fashioned but as I stood on tiptoe and leaned over, I was able to make out what it actually was: a pair of lace-edged white silk panties, scrunched up and lying just inside the open zipper.
I sneaked back to the desk, but Rachel was distinctly unimpressed when I excitedly told her what I'd found.
"So?" she said. "It doesn't mean she's not wearing any. Maybe she just likes to carry a spare pair."
"Oh, come on, really? Who does that?"
"Well, what are you suggesting?"
"Well, obviously she's taken them off at some point. I mean, what kind of bridge club requires you to remove your underwear?" I said, as her phone started to ring.
"Oh come on Beth, I haven't got time for this," she said, before picking up her phone and signalling the end of our conversation.
--
And that should have been the end of it. If I'd have stopped there, I wouldn't have got into so much trouble, but of course, that's not the kind of person I am. Most people would probably have let it go, but I couldn't stop thinking about it. I'm the kind of person who spends their evenings reading crime novels and watching black-and-white thrillers from the sixties and I spent the rest of the week going over the events in my mind, and trying to figure out whether there really was something odd or if I was just letting my imagination run wild.
Next Friday, I arrived early and I found myself casually wandering around the Peabody Suite when I should really have been relieving one of the receptionists on the previous shift. 'Suite' was a grand word for one of a series of function rooms at the back of the hotel. The Peabody was the largest, consisting of two rooms: the large main suite and a smaller 'ante-room' that served as a kind of entrance chamber. Both were wood-panelled with plush burgundy carpets and subtle art deco lighting.
The Peabody had been hired by a local company for the day for some kind of team building workshop, and now the mahogany tables were covered with half-empty coffee cups and bottles of mineral water. A large whiteboard was covered with complicated looking diagrams and post-it notes. I hoped the cleaners would be in soon to tidy up.
I stared at the car park out of the large windows and wondered why I came down here. Perhaps subconsciously I thought I might find some clues to what would be going on later, but of course there was nothing, just a big empty room, filled with the debris of a business meeting. The real action would take place later in the evening and if I wanted any answers, I knew I'd have to find a way of getting a glimpse inside, but of course, the burly Mr White always stood guard outside. If only I could think of a way of distracting him for a few minutes, I thought to myself as I headed back to reception...
Rachel rolled her eyes and sighed as I explained my genius plan. I couldn't help noticing that she did that a lot recently.
"Come on Beth. I mean, really?" she sighed, shaking her head.
"Yes, really. You know he fancies you, he'll definitely go for it. One hundred percent."
"I don't know..."
"Come on, we just need to distract him for a few seconds."
"OK, listen. If I do this for you, and it's a big 'if', will you finally stop going on about this bloody bridge club?"
"Absolutely. Cross my heart," I said, drawing an imaginary cross on the lapel of my jacket.
"Okay, well if an opportunity arises, we'll go for it. But if I do help you out, I don't want to hear any more about it, alright?"
"Deal," I said.
--
It was much later, when I saw an opportunity to put my plan into action. Like last week, I spotted a woman standing in reception clutching a single sheet of paper as she tried to orient herself. She was a short, plump lady in her thirties. Although it was nearly midnight, she was smartly dressed as if she'd just come from an office.
"Hi, can I help?" I said.
"No, um, I'm not sure" she said anxiously, approaching our desk. She looked edgy, and I watched as she twisted a strand of her long, chocolate-coloured hair around one of her fingers.
"Do you want the bridge club?"
"Yes, um, maybe. Listen, can you do me a favour?" she said, seeming to make a decision. "I'm not going to be able to attend tonight. I've got something urgent I need to do, would you mind letting them know?"
"Sure," I said, trying not to appear too eager.
"You might need this to get in," she said, handing over the sheet of paper.
I watched her hurry away, back though the lobby and disappear into the night before reading it.
"Jade," it read, "you are cordially invited to attend the Hades Bridge Club on Friday the 22nd of September between midnight and 1am. Please remember to be discrete and we'll do all we can to make you feel welcome and meet your requirements."
It seemed like an odd invitation for a bridge club, which only made me more curious.
"Hey Rachel," I said, with a broad grin. "Looks like we're on!"
--
There was a spare photocopier in the corridor near the Peabody Suite that we sometimes used. I loitered next to it, as if I was waiting for something to print, sharing a mischievous grin with Rachel as she walked past carrying a tray of glasses. I watched her smile and nod at Mr White as she passed him, moving down the hallway towards the fire doors. As she reached the doors, she paused as she struggled to push open the door with her foot whilst still balancing the tray.
Mr White watched her struggling for a few seconds, torn between helping her out and holding his position. I watched as he checked the corridors were empty then hurried down the hall towards her.
"Hey, let me help you!" he said.
"Thanks," she said, flashing him a grateful smile over her shoulder.
Seeing my chance, I skipped after him, keeping my eyes in his broad back as I moved quietly towards the suite's entrance.
"Thanks, you're ever so kind," Rachel said, as he held the door for her then winked at me over his shoulder as I slipped inside, holding my breath as I quietly eased the thick wooden doors shut behind me.
--
I slipped quietly inside, my heart thumping as I eased the door shut behind me. I held my breath as I pressed my ear to the door, hearing heavy footsteps in the corridor outside, then the creak of floorboards as White re-took his position immediately outside.
I looked around the ante room and was disappointed to find that the large wooden doors leading to the main room were closed. I tiptoed across, pressed my ear to the door, and could hear the sound of a party: the low murmur of conversation, the clink of glasses, high heels on the wooden floor, a loud burst of raucous male laughter. I tried the handle but the doors were locked.
We were never supposed to leave reception unmanned so I knew by now that Rachel would have hurried back and with Mr White's large frame blocking the way that I'd come, I was now unable to go forward or back, and was stuck in this small, dimly-lit room.
I looked around. I'm not sure what I expected to see, but it wasn't this. On my left were two racks of clothes, and I couldn't resist walking alongside one of the racks, running a hand through the clothing. It seemed like a fairly random collection of women's clothing in a variety of sizes, and as I looked closer I noticed that they were collected together to form different outfits as if for a fancy dress party. A French maid's outfit complete with fishnet stockings, a nurses uniform complete with a cute white cap, a smart policewoman's uniform with a pair of toy handcuffs. Curiouser and curiouser, I thought to myself.
On the other side, was a low table on which sat a varied collection of masks, from simple black 'Zorro'-style ones, which just covered the eyes, to large, colourful ones with feathers and sequins that would cover the whole top half of the face. Again, I couldn't resist examining them, picking up a light metallic blue one studded with tiny fake sapphires that sparkled in the dim light. It looked well made, the inner side covered with velvet of the same colour.
I was turning it over in my hands when I noticed the note, taped to the table:
"Welcome to the Hades bridge club and congratulations for making it this far! You're probably feeling nervous. Don't be! Just remember that you're a short step away from fulfilling your wildest fantasies with us and if things get too much you can back out at any time using the safeword you entered on your application.
We'll come and get you soon, so just relax and enjoy the complimentary champagne. If you're into role-play (or just like playing dress-up!), there's a selection of clothing behind you. As we make clear on our website, we deeply value anonymity and we insist that all members and guests wear a mask *at all times* (this was underlined). For those guests who haven't brought their own, you'll find a wide range to your left.
Have fun exploring, and remember what we always say here: life is short, make sure you experience everything it has to offer."
Well, I still wasn't sure what was going on but I'd certainly seen enough to know that this was no ordinary bridge club! I'd started wondering if there was a way I could sneak out when I heard footsteps approaching the door, high heels echoing on the parquet floor. I didn't want to be recognised as a receptionist so I quickly slipped the sapphire mask over my face. My heart fluttered against my chest and my stomach lurched, as the door opened.
"Hi, I'm Angel, welcome," the woman said as she stood in the entrance. She was tall and slim, with long, platinum blonde hair, a slinky silver dress hugging her slim frame, her blue eyes shining brightly behind a small white mask decorated with tiny diamonds and pale blue feathers.
"I'm Jade," I said, my hand shaking as I slipped the invitation from the inside pocket of my jacket and thrust it towards her.
"Thanks," she said, taking it from my hand. "That's a lovely mask you've selected, it suits you."
"Thanks," I said, just about resisting the urge to turn and run.
"Anyway, come along, let's get you inside," she continued, clasping my hand between her cool, elegant fingers.
--
She led me towards the centre of the room, where all the tables had been pushed together to form one long table, the chandelier reflecting brightly off its polished surface. It was darker around the edges of the room, but I could make out smartly dressed men and women, all wearing masks, sat at the small tables or leaning casually against the walls as they sipped at their drinks. Angel handed the invitation to an older man sitting at the head of the long table.
"My name's Dionysus, welcome to the Hades Bridge Club... Jade," he said, glancing at it.
"Thanks," I said, looking around nervously. Similar to the other men, he was dressed in a dark grey suit, with a white open-collar shirt. His face was half-covered by an elaborate mask, his thin greying hair cut close to his tanned scalp. I noticed he appeared to be the only one who had a mask that was gold-coloured. The air was warm and humid, filled with the aroma of warm wax from the candles.
"Can I take this?" Angel said, and without waiting for a reply she slipped my navy blazer from my shoulders and handed it to someone nearby.
"Now then young Jade, let's have a look at your application and see what we can do for you, hmm?" he said in a curiously high-pitched, almost feminine, voice as a man in wolf-like mask and a black suit emerged from the shadows and handed him a sheet of paper.
I waited anxiously, my clammy hands clutched tightly behind my back as I wondered when would be a good time to confess that I was an imposter. Looking around, I noticed that the women tended to favour colourful, elegant masks, often colour-coordinated with their evening dresses. Whereas the men tended to wear either plain black masks which matched their dark suits, or grotesque masks with a silvery sheen and obscenely long, hooked noses or bulbous cheeks. I shuffled from foot to foot as I looked around the strangely expressionless faces.
"Well, well, you're quite... daring, aren't you, hmm? Let's see, you like amateur dramatics and enjoy characterisation and role-playing. You're into spanking, light bondage, submission, exhibitionism, uniforms, humiliation... how delightful! In particular, you fantasize about being caught doing something you shouldn't and being punished in front of a group of people. For example, a schoolgirl being caught cheating and punished in front of class, or a student nurse being spanked in front of her peers by an older doctor, or..."
I cleared my throat, and he paused and looked up at me expectantly.
"Listen, before you go any further I've got a confession to make. I mean, there's been a mistake, you see I work here on reception and I kind of ended up in here by accident."
He looked up from Jade's application, his pale, watery blue eyes examining me from behind his golden mask. I waited nervously as they slid over my body, lingering on my white shirt where it clung to my modest yet perky boobs.
"By accident?" he said.
"Yes, I work at reception," I said, tapping at the breast pocket of my shirt, before realising that my name badge was attached to my blazer. "Listen, your guest 'Jade' came into reception earlier and said she was too nervous to go through with it. She handed me her application form so I could bring it down to you and apologise on her behalf."
"So why didn't you tell us before? When Angel collected you?"
"Well, I suppose I was kind of curious as to what goes on in here," I managed to say.
"Ah but if you were a real hotel employee, you wouldn't have been able to get in, would you? Our excellent doorman, Mr White, would have recognised you and turned you away, wouldn't he?"
"Well, I sort of sneaked in..."
"You sneaked in?" he repeated, a distinct note of scepticism in his voice.
"Yes, a colleague distracted him, and I kind of slipped in, so, um, I'm just going to..." I said, glancing over my shoulder towards the dim outline of the tall wooden doors where I could escape back to reception.
"I find that hard to believe. Mr White's been our doorman for years, we've never had any issues before," he said, stroking his chin thoughtfully.
"So, yeah, I'm just going to go now and leave you guys in peace," I said, smiling nervously as I stepped back, but bumping into something solid. I spun around and jumped as I found my way blocked by the tall man in the black suit and wolf-like mask. Up close, I could see it was quite realistic with a long snout, pointy ears and grey fur. He gently but firmly grasped my shoulders and spun me back around.
"I'm into amateur dramatics and acting, and like to really throw myself into characterisation and role-playing," Dionysus said, continuing to read from Jade's application. "I sometimes fantasize about being caught shoplifting, and being forced to undress in front of two security guards who punish me with a spanking before having their wicked way with me."
"No, really, they're not my words, I really am..." I spluttered, realising where this was going.
"Bravo, young lady, I think you had us all going there for a second," he chuckled, wagging a finger as he relaxed, sinking back into his chair. The people around us started to laugh too, sharing the joke. "Congrat's though, I do admire a young lady who really commits to a role-play."
"No, please," I said, shaking my head. I tried to back away, but the man in the wolf mask tightened his grip on my shoulders.
"You fantasize about being caught doing something you shouldn't and being punished in front of a group of people. Like a hotel receptionist sneaking into a private club, for example, hmm? Very good, I'm impressed. Well, I certainly think Angel and Wolf can help you fulfil that little fantasy, isn't that right?"
"No, wait..." I said, but Wolf and Angel were already pulling me away from him. The tables had been arranged to form one, long table and I struggled as they pulled me towards the centre.
"Don't worry," Angel whispered as I felt Wolf's strong hands manhandle me, forcing me against the table, my stomach bumping against its edge. "If you want to stop, you just need to use your safeword."
"Safeword? Oh!" I gasped, the breath rushing out of me as I was forced to bend over the low table, my hamstrings stretched, my bottom sticking up. I felt the cold surface against my cheek as I was pushed down and twisted my head sideways.
"Yes, the safeword you specified on your application. Just say the word and we'll stop," she whispered, her lips next to my ear.
"But I don't... Ow! Stop that!" I shrieked as I felt a firm hand slapping my backside.
Up until that point it had all seemed rather surreal, like some bizarre dream but the sharp slap made my bottom sting hotly, bringing me crashing back to reality.
I twisted around, in time to see Wolf raising his hand again. I tried to straighten up but my hands were grabbed by a couple sitting across from me, a man in a silver mask with a long, pointed nose and a woman with bright red hair, wearing a crimson dress and matching sparkly red mask. They grinned as they tugged at my wrists, stretching me across the table, my boobs crushed, my ponytail brushing its varnished surface as I tried to pull myself free.
"Ouch! No!" I shrieked again, as I felt Wolf's firm hand slap me once more.
There was a low murmur of appreciation around us, people around us moving in closer now, drawn by the spectacle.
"You've got to love her attention to detail, she looks just like the receptionists here," a voice said.
"Mmm, and such a lovely rounded arse," I heard a woman giggle somewhere off to my left.
"Imagine having the nerve to sneak into our private club, like some grubby con-woman," I heard a well-spoken man say, presumably thinking he was helping to play out my fantasy. "Let's show her what we do to peeping toms."
"Yeah, skirt up, knickers down, let's do this properly," growled another man, his voice behind me but moving closer.
"No, please, wait! I really am, I can prove it," I pleaded as I tried to twist around, just able to see Angel grasp the hem of my smart, navy skirt.
"Remember your safeword," she mouthed, pausing for a second before tugging it up over my thighs along with my shirt tails. I struggled, but with my wrists still firmly held there was nothing I could do to stop her easing it up over my bottom, revealing the panties I'd put on this morning. They were my favourite pair, pink and lacy with a cute raspberry-coloured bow on the front, and now everyone could see them stretched tightly over my buttocks. There was a low murmur of appreciation from the crowd gathered around us as I felt Angel sliding a hand over the smooth, pink skin.
"What a lovely plump bottom," she purred as I felt her fingers squeeze my cheeks before slowly sliding her hands down over my bare legs and tugging at my ankles.
"What are you doing? Stop! Ow!" I gasped as Wolf's rough hand connected with my now semi-naked buttocks. At the same time, I felt Angel tugging at one of my ankles, and the cold embrace of something metallic around it.
"Ow! I shrieked as Wolf spanked me again, a little harder this time as the people around us crowded in closer. I could feel Angel tugging at my other ankle. I tried to resist but soon felt my legs pulled apart as I felt something cold slipped around it, clicking into place with a metallic snap.
"What are you doing? Let me go!" I said. I was trapped now, my ankles bound by shackles (I guessed) and my wrists firmly held by the couple opposite. I felt myself panic a little, my heart thumping, my breathing reduced to a series of harsh gasps.
"Ow! Fuck!" I gasped as Wolf's firm hand stung me again. Without the protection of my skirt, it really stung, and made a sharp slapping sound that echoed around the room.
"I really am a receptionist," I said, meeting the cool grey eyes of the woman in the crimson dress, who was using both hands to hold onto my left wrist as I tried desperately to pull it free.
"Of course you are, you poor dear. And you snuck into our little private party, and now you're going to get punished with a little spanking," she said, her glossy red lips curling into a wicked grin as she tugged harder, drawing me further over the table.
"Ow! Ow! Fuck!" I gasped as I felt Wolf's hand connect smartly three more times, beating a rhythm on my naked buttocks.
"I do love a good spanking," she said, turning to her partner in the silver mask.
"I know Scarlet, you came like crazy when I spanked you over this table for your initiation, remember?" he chuckled.
"How could I forget? I came three times!" Scarlet said with a throaty chuckle as she turned her face to his and they shared a long, lingering kiss. She was wearing a low-cut lace-edged burgundy evening gown, and I watched as he slid a hand up over her stomach and squeezed one of her shapely breasts until it bulged against her dress.
Behind me, Wolf continued to spank me, ignoring my complaints and slipping into a smooth well-practiced rhythm as I squirmed and wriggled. He wasn't hitting me too hard now or maybe I'd just got used to it, my buttocks glowing warmly. As my body jerked in response, I felt my thighs rubbing against the edge though my panties and although I didn't want to admit it to myself, I felt the warmth from my buttocks spreading between my legs, my skin tingling, my pussy moistening.
"That's it, give it to her good and hard," I heard a woman say.
"Get her knickers off," a man growled impatiently.
"Yeah, spank her bare-arsed," insisted another.
"No! Don't!" I mewed, but Wolf ignored me, and with my wrists still held firmly I was unable to stop him slipping my panties down. I wriggled helplessly as I felt him roughly tugging at them until they were down around my widely spread thighs, the waistband cutting into my skin, the air feeling cool around my damp inner thighs.
The crowd shuffled closer around us now, and I closed my eyes feeling my cheeks burn red with embarrassment. With my legs held wide apart by my shackles, they'd be able to see every rude, intimate detail of my sex, the swollen purse of my pussy peeping out from between my hot pink buttocks.
The sound of Scarlet moaning drew my attention, and looking up I saw that her partner had eased the strap of her dress over one shoulder and eased one of her full boobs from her dress. She was leaning back in her chair now, eyes half-closed as he groped her pale breast, massaging the soft flesh. I watched as he dipped a finger in his glass of red wine and traced a series of tight circles around her dark pink nipple, then made her gasp hotly as he flicked a wet fingertip back and forth till it was hard and stubby. I felt my own nipples hardening as I watched him use his thumb and forefinger to gently pluck at her hard little teat as she wriggled and moaned hotly.
A series of fierce spanks brought my attention back to my own body.
"No! Ow! Please!" I squealed as I felt the sting of Wolf's cruel hand, expertly finding the spots to draw a reaction from me: the fleshy part of my already sore buttocks, the inside of my thighs, then gently tapping me between my legs sending jolts of pure pleasure through me. I moaned loudly as pain and pleasure, agony and ecstacy swirled dizzily around my head.
"Such a lovely little pussy," I heard Angel say, her tongue lapping my ear as I felt her stroking the inside of my thighs.
"No, no," I kept repeating as I felt her slender fingers stroking my inner thighs, sliding smoothly along the groove of my sex.
"Mmm, she's already nice and wet," Angel purred as I felt her fingers trace the contours of my honey-coated lips, first sliding up and down then massaging them in smooth circles. Wolf continued to lightly slap my sore buttocks as I wriggled and squirmed hotly, my brain struggling to cope with the competing sensations of pleasure and pain.
"Fuck! Oh God!" I groaned as I felt her skilful fingers spreading my shamefully wet folds, her fingertip finding my pulsing clit, gently flicking it until my body vibrated with pleasure.
Having Angel caress me like this, in front of all these strangers was more humiliating than the spanking. The spanking was bad enough, but now I couldn't hide how turned on I was, and I closed my eyes burying my face under my arm as I felt Angel spread my labia, my pink, glistening inner folds exposed, my arousal all too obvious.
"Look at her, she's loving it, the horny tart," I heard a man say, his voice thick with lust as he watched Angel expertly, slowly but inevitably bring my body to a simmering boil.
"Please, please," I begged as she continued to diddle my clit with one fingertip whilst I felt another sliding along my inner lips to toy with my vagina. As she stroked and fondled and caressed my most intimate parts, I felt the pressure begin to build, my breathing reduced to a series of short, sharp gasps as she all too easily slid a finger inside me, not penetrating me fully, just gently frigging the first inch of my tight entrance as I moaned loudly. It was simply unthinkable that I'd experience an orgasm right here in front of all these strangers but even as I formed that thought I knew that I was quickly approaching the point of no return.
"No, don't! Please!" I gasped as she strummed my clit and slid a finger smoothly in and out of my clasping lips faster and faster, each stroke driving me closer to climax, as my body twisted, my hips bucking up and down, my ankles and wrists straining helplessly until I could take no more.
"Oh no, no!" I heard myself shriek, my body jerking feverishly as I surrendered myself to one of the longest, hardest orgasms of my life.
I collapsed sobbing and limp across the table, listening to the polite round of applause and murmurs of appreciation from the gathered crowd. The couple opposite let go of my wrists, and I covered my face as I felt either Angel or Wolf briefly unfasten my ankles, slip off my black court shoes then slide my pink panties off my legs so that I was naked from the waist down.
When I eventually opened my eyes, I met the Scarlet's dark eyes examining me from behind her sparkly red mask. She was leaning back in her chair, her boobs still exposed, her eyes half-closed as she sighed contentedly. From my position near the edge of the table and I could see her dress rucked up around her partner's wrist as his hand moved up and down between her stockinged thighs, his movements subtle but unmistakeable.
"Seems like you enjoyed your spanking, Jade," she said with a knowing wink.
"I need to go, I should get back to reception now," I said breathlessly.
"Of course, back to reception!" her partner laughed before making Scarlet gasp as he flicked the top of his tongue over one of her erect nipples.
"But that's only the first part of your punishment, I mean, don't you think Mr Wolf deserves a little reward for all his effort?" Scarlet said, as she slid a hand over her partner's thigh and ran a finger along the hard ridge that had formed in his black suit trousers.
I twisted my head around just in time to see the man who'd administered my spanking easing open his flies. Around us, there were a series of breathless, excited gasps and giggles from the women as he eased his long, thick and extremely hard looking prick free. I gulped as he slowly stretched a transparent blue condom over the thick, bulbous head and slowly rolled the well-lubricated sheath over his fat shaft.
"Fuck!" I said, trying to straighten up but felt his firm hand in the centre of my shoulders pushing me back down.
"Exactly," Scarlet chuckled as she unfastened at her partner's black leather belt then unzipped his fly.
Scarlet and her friend had let go of my wrists now but with my ankles re-fastened and Wolf's strong hand on the back of my neck, I knew there was no escaping my fate. I found myself holding my breath as I felt the thick head of his cock pressing insistently against my tight entrance. I was still very wet from Angel's caresses and it only hurt a little as I felt him push his cock inside me.
"Fuck!" I gasped as I felt the first inch of him penetrating me, cramming himself inside me, my lips moulding around his rock hard shaft, stretching to accommodate his substantial girth.
I twisted my head to the left as I felt him slowly begin to ease the first few inches of his mighty cock in and out of me. Two ladies moved closer; the younger one was perhaps in her early twenties and dressed in a clingy grey dress that clung to her slender curves; the older one wore an emerald green dress with a plunging neckline that showed off her impressive cleavage.
"I think I could do with a spanking from Wolf," the older one tittered.
"Yeah, me too," the younger one purred as she watched him fucking me.
"Maybe, we should spill his drink or something."
"Yeah, make him angry enough to teach us a lesson," she said, and they both laughed.
I hadn't had sex since a one night stand some time ago, and I felt my body responding as he eased his lovely big dick into me, a little deeper each time, as I adjusted to his size. I still felt the need to put up a bit of a struggle though, mewing and trying to twist out of his grasp.
"Hold still!" he growled and I squealed as I felt his hand stinging my already sore, reddened buttocks.
He had one hand on the back of my neck holding me down and I lay there subserviently my bottom throbbing hotly as I let him fuck me, letting him use my body for his pleasure. As he eased into a steady rhythm, I looked around the room where club members moved around in the dim corners outside the centre of the room. To my right, a blonde lady in a lacy back dress reclined on a ruby velvet couch sipping at a glass of white wine, her skirt drawn up high, her legs splayed. A dark-suited man knelt before her, his head buried between her pale thighs as she ran a hand through his slick hair. Behind them, a couple kissed passionately, the lady pressed back against the wall, her shapely leg raised as the man slid her skirt over her thigh exposing dark top of her stockings as he kissed her neck, their bodies pressed together.
Meanwhile, Scarlet had eased her partner's shorts and trousers down over his thighs exposing his sturdy cock and swollen balls. He was moaning contentedly, his eyes half-closed behind his silver mask as she cradled his swollen, heavy balls in one hand, whilst the other caressed his throbbing shaft.
All this erotic decadence only made me more aroused, and I found myself moaning as Wolf continued to fuck me lustily, his fat cock probing deep inside me, filling me, forcing me higher and higher. He was moving faster now, our moist thighs slapping together, the crowd's anticipation building as I felt my arousal start to spiral out of control.
"Uh, uh, uh!" I panted, as he slammed into me. Right in front of me, Scarlet continued to stroke her partner's rock-hard cock, her hand sliding smoothly up and down the full length of his shaft as he moaned encouragingly. Her fingers were long and slender, tipped with long, glossy red nails that matched her dress. She looked up and winked at me as she increased her pace, drawing a series of breathless gasps from her partner as she gripped him a little more firmly, expertly guiding him towards his own personal nirvana.
"That's it, give it to her good and hard," I heard the young lady in the grey desk said, a note of envy in her voice.
"Yes, fuck her harder, let's see her cum," her friend added.
As Wolf obliged, pounding me faster, I watched as Scarlet shortened her strokes, almost hypnotised by the sight of her jerking the top of his engorged prick as his hands gripped the edge of his chair, his knuckles whitening.
I don't normally climax without clitoral stimulation but as the crowd gathered closer and Wolf's lovely big dick fucked me harder and harder from behind I knew I couldn't last much longer.
"Oh God, keep going, don't stop!" I pleaded, as I felt the pressure build once more, my body tensing as I felt him fuck me hard, really hard, his muscular thighs driving his thick cock deep inside me, each powerful thrust pushing me closer to the edge.
Through half-open eyes, I watched as Scarlet moved her hand faster and faster till it was just a blur, as her partner's hips moved in time with her hand and his gasps of pleasure rose in pitch. Suddenly his body was jack-knifing, his head rocking back, eyes closed as he came. Scarlet grinned as the spunk erupted from his cock, shooting high into the air as he roared, then splashing messily over her hand, the thick, creamy globs staining his black suit trousers.
"Oh God!" I cried as the sight of him cumming pushed me over the edge and the wave of pleasure hit me hard. I collapsed onto the table, sobbing happily as the sublime pleasure washed over me, every cell of my body tingling.
Behind me, Wolf continued to thrust into my spent, breathless body, grunting urgently, his hands tightly grasping my hips until he climaxed too and I felt the warmth of his large body against my back, his breath hot against my ear.
I lay there, crushed beneath his weight, my breath slowly returning, a mix of emotions flooding my mind as around me the crowd's applause faded and I sensed them moving back into the dark corners of the room to pursue their own desires.
"Thank you Jade, that was delightful," I heard Wolf whisper politely in his deep voice as if he were thanking me for a dance. I felt him stand and ease his softening dick from me, leaving me feeling empty but completely sated. I lay there for a while, a spent, sticky mess until I felt a soft hand on my shoulder and Angel helped me onto shaky legs
"Come on, let's get you cleaned up," she said, taking my hand. The light behind her head made her blonde hair shine like a halo.
--
The ladies' toilet was larger than I remembered. Angel waited patiently as I used one of the cubicles then splashed water on my face. Without thinking, I reached up to take my mask off but she stopped me with a hand on my arm.
"You should always wear your mask at the club," she insisted as she handed me my panties and placed my shoes on the floor.
I felt myself blush, embarrassed once more as I quickly wriggled them up under my skirt and slipped on my shoes. As I straightened up, she held out my jacket.
"Thanks," I said as I slipped my arms through its sleeves.
"You were great tonight, everyone said you made a really convincing receptionist," she said, taking my hand, her pale blue eyes meeting mine from behind her white, sequinned mask.
"Yes well, it's, um, all that acting experience from my drama club," I lied.
"You okay?"
"Oh, um, fine I guess," I said as she moved closer.
"Anyway welcome to the club. Dionysus said you're welcome to come back anytime," she said, smiling as she leaned in close. I stood, hands dangling at my side and briefly closing my eyes and tilting my head up as she pressed her soft lips against mine. I smelt her subtle perfume and felt her arm snake around my waist as she drew me closer. I'm not a lesbian but her embrace was so tender and comforting after all that had happened that I began to kiss her back, finding comfort in the warmth of her body.
"Thanks," I repeated as our lips parted after several long seconds.
"Oh, and remember to be discrete. A lot of people wouldn't understand what we do here; we need everyone to make sure it stays our little secret, all right?" she said, squeezing my hand.
"Okay," I said meekly as she flashed me a grin and disappeared back into the suite.
I looked in the mirror and slowly ran a finger over my lips, where a trace of Angel's pink lipstick lingered, and realising that of all the new experiences of the evening, her kiss had felt like the most intimate. I took several long breaths and straightened my sapphire blue mask as I tried to persuade myself that I looked normal and that Rachel would never guess what had happened down here.
--
The members barely noticed as I slipped back into the suite, their attention drawn to the centre of the room where Dionysus questioned a young woman dressed in a smart, burgundy skirt suit, her red hair gathered back in a tight bun, her wire frame glasses glinting in the harsh light.
"Now then," he said, glancing down at a sheet of paper. "How do you explain these discrepancies in your expenses, hmm? Thirty pounds for a taxi, fifty pounds for stationary, need I go on?"
"I'm sorry Sir, I just wasn't sure about the rules, I'll pay it back," she said, shuffling her feet anxiously.
"You didn't know the rules around expenses? But you're the club's accountant!"
"I'm sorry, I guess I forgot," she simpered.
"Well, perhaps you need Mr Wolf here to give you something to help you remember," he said, nodding to the large man looming at her shoulder.
I was so tempted to stay and watch as he led her to a tall chair, forcing her to bend over the back, her hands flat on its seat, her smart skirt stretched tightly over her bottom, riding up over her stocking tops as she meekly awaited her fate. So tempted to stay and see my experience from a different point of view but I could imagine Rachel sitting back at reception, an annoyed expression on her face as she stared at her watch.
I knew I couldn't go back the way I'd come; the pitbull-like Mr White would be on guard just outside. So I stepped behind the folds of the floor-to-ceiling curtains and quietly unlocked the fire doors that lead to the car park.
It felt like stepping back into the real world with its cool night air making me shiver as I paused getting my bearings as I listened to the sound of traffic coming from the high street. There was a full moon, painting this part of west London in hues of black, silver and petrol blue. I noticed it was drizzling as I stepped away from the building and I hurried across the car park, clutching my jacket tight around me. It was only when I saw my reflection on the glass doors leading to reception that I remembered I was still wearing my mask and I quickly removed it, sliding it into the inside pocket of my jacket.
I pictured an angry confrontation with Rachel, but she was on the 'phone and I heaved a sigh of relief as I carefully eased myself back into my swivel chair, wincing slightly as my tender buttocks met its harder-than-I-remembered surface.
"Rachel!" she said, spinning around to face me as soon as her call ended, "Where have you been? You've been gone for over an hour!"
"Yeah, sorry, it took a bit longer than I thought."
"So? What did you find out?"
"You were right, it's just a bridge club, nothing special," I said, looking down at my shoes, unable to meet her eyes.
"Told you! So how come it took you so long?" she asked, as she sorted through the papers on her desk.
"Oh well, we chatted a little and they let me take part in one of their, um, games."
"Right, right," she said distractedly, looking up as she stapled a credit card receipt to an invoice. "So now you can finally stop obsessing about it right?"
"Yeah... although they were so nice I might nip back next week. I mean, just to be polite, you know?"