As I stood in the kitchen, stalling over finding something to eat for breakfast, I knew my mother-in-law could arrive at the house and find me at any moment. Dare I wait there like this? Wearing nothing but a t-shirt? And, if I did and she came in, what would I do? There were three options as I saw it. One, keep my back turned to the door. Then she'd see my butt and be able to choose herself whether to say anything or just walk away on the assumption I hadn't known she was there. Although, if I chose option 1 and she said something, it could quickly in effect turn into an option 2 situation. Option 2 would involve turning to acknowledge her but covering my private parts with my hands and acting surprised. I would apologise and, I guess, she'd keep a straight face and apologise too before walking out to give me a chance to get away and get covered up. Or, how about option 3? This was to turn and face her to respond to a greeting, in such a way she was likely to see me fully exposed. She may or may not make eye contact first but it's easy to imagine her instincts drawing her to look down, even just for a moment. There's a down side to this - if there was no reaction, or a negative one, and/or she chose to tell my wife about it later, all of these possibilities would leave me feeling pretty foolish.
Today was my weekly work-from-home day. I didn't really know why she insisted on arriving first thing in the morning, with my wife and kids out of the house all day, but she always did. I'd never had the closest relationship with her, so we didn't talk much on these days. Usually my schedule was full of online meetings and I barely saw her. She seemed to make herself busy doing chores around the house, which was kind. Perhaps, having been widowed many years earlier, she just liked being in a house that had somebody else in it for a while. Little did she know, today she'd be seeing a bit more of me than normal.
As I stood there in my t-shirt, although the house was reasonably warm, I could occasionally feel a slight chill against my penis. I've never been particularly blessed in that department (although in truth just average, and average = normal, right!) and tended to shrink or grow a lot dependent on temperature so I didn't like the idea of cool air leaving me in an unflattering state if I might be lucky enough to be seen. On the other hand, an American woman I had a one night stand with in London years ago had told me what big balls I have and, ever since, I figured this was probably true. To my mind, this played to my advantage in the cool air as I stood in the kitchen. My big balls were hunched up as my scrotum tried to keep them warm, and from my perspective this had the effect of pushing my flaccid cock slightly upwards and forwards, somehow giving the impression of a larger package overall. Anyway, thankfully I didn't look as small as I could be at times. In any case, I did have the fortune of being a good-looking guy, according to compliments received regularly since my teenage years, and this gave me a level of self-confidence in my appearance. I had often been described as 'tall, dark and handsome', and didn't mind that one bit!
I looked aimlessly in the cupboards. Who was I trying to kid?! I was preparing to act but there was nobody but myself to fool at the moment. No need to pretend to do anything, because nobody was watching. But this was about to change. I could hear the front door being unlocked, just the other side of the hall. I heard her come in and put something down in the hall, then go back out again. This was normal for my mother-in-law, who'd bring around all sorts of things we didn't need every time she visited. I knew she'd be back within a minute, which heightened the anticipation. I was now quite nervous, knowing it could all go very wrong. But, I told myself, you only live once and thrills like this may never happen if you don't give them a helping hand.
I gave my penis a quick rub to make sure it was in as good a state as it could be, and looked in a cupboard with my back to the kitchen door opposite, waiting for her to appear. Then I heard the sound of the front door again, and this time she was closing it properly behind her. She was bound to come to the kitchen now and the anticipation was almost unbearable. At this stage choosing from the three options went out of the window, I couldn't think straight.
Behind me I heard footsteps as she entered the kitchen, and moments later she said, "Oh...hello Olly." She definitely sounded a little embarrassed but I sensed a slight amusement in the tone of her voice too, which I found encouraging. I turned to her with an instinctive 'option 2' manoeuvre, cupping myself in my hands as I moved to face her from across the room and responding, "Oh...hi...sorry, I wasn't expecting you just yet. I've just put my pyjama bottoms in the wash." That was planned - the best explanation I could think of to justify why I'd be standing there with just a t-shirt on.
She smiled at me. Who knows what she thought of my explanation (which wasn't entirely plausible as, apart from anything else, she always arrived around the same time as this), but that wasn't the main thing right now. I'd been appearing in front of her in some barely decent clothing during recent visits - skin tight underwear at times and also a dressing gown with nothing underneath - and perhaps she half expected something like this. Did she even think about it at all? Maybe not. On the other hand, maybe she did.
Maybe she liked it as much as I did. And in the next few moments, it certainly seemed that way.
"That's okay, darling," she said. She called everyone darling, incidentally. She definitely looked amused now, cracking a smile. She didn't appear in a rush to leave, that was for sure. In fact, the way she stood her ground surprised me. It already felt like she had the power in this dynamic, and she didn't wait to up the ante.
"It was quite a surprise to see your bottom when I walked in," she said. "It's nothing to be embarrassed about, I've seen it all before." And for sure she had - she was a nurse before she retired, albeit a children's nurse in the time I'd known her. She'd been widowed ten years ago and did remarry another guy who'd since passed away too; I doubted there had been a physical relationship given his health and their age but they had appeared happy companions. She was now in her late 60s and relatively youthful in her appearance. She had a woman-next-door look - a decent figure with only a little extra weight added to the fairly slender body I remember when I first met her 15 years ago, and quite plain but appealing looks. Unusually for someone her age, she had long auburn hair, which she always had pinned up almost as if a nod to her nursing days. Although English born and bred, her appearance gave away her Irish roots.
After a split-second stand-off, which felt much longer, she went straight to the point. "I haven't seen anything like that for a while," briefly gesturing with her eyes towards what I was concealing with my hands, "But I wouldn't mind doing so." I could barely believe what I was hearing! She continued, "Why don't you move your hands out of the way, there's nothing to be scared of," adding jokingly, "And you'd make an old lady very happy!"
Wow, I wasn't expecting that. I couldn't do anything but move my hands of course. I'd put myself in this position, she'd responded more positively than I could possibly have dreamt, and all I had to do was go with the flow. Still, it took me a moment to react as I processed what was going on. Everything seemed to be in slow motion.
I moved my hands out of the way. I felt the cool air on my cock and balls again as my mother-in-law saw them for the first time. I didn't know what to do next. That was far from obvious - strange how I'd planned all this for weeks but hadn't seriously complicated what would happen after the initial moments.
As I hesitated, she just looked at me, unashamedly taking in the sight of her son-in-law's genitals. I noticed a momentary smile that quickly gave way to a different kind of look, as if her thoughts were turning to something more primal. A few seconds felt like forever and I could feel myself twitch below as arousal began to take over my body. Unmistakably, as I watched her watching me, she would know I was turned on.
Smiling a little again, she broke the awkward silence by placing her handbag down on the kitchen island and walking towards the cupboard where she'd get tea from, just a metre or so to my right. Seemingly now ignoring the situation we found ourselves in, she said, "Anyway darling, how are you?"
"I'm fine," I replied, feeling unable to muster any more words. Other than, that is, "How are you?"
She laughed slightly as she turned to face me and said, "Oh, I'm very well Olly." It seemed crazy that she was now so close to me, in my exposed state. And I could feel my erection was now almost fully formed, which led me to instinctively glance down at it to see how it looked. Like any guy, I never get tired of having a hard on, never bored of my penis, so it was instinct to check it out. I glanced down, then back up at her, and then saw her look down at it again too and smile. Within 30 seconds I'd gone from flaccid to a fully erect 5.5 inches. It felt like it was pointing up at her to say hello.
It was clear now that she was enjoying every bit of this, as she said, "Gosh, this isn't turning you on is it, Olly? You've gone all hard."
I was still stunned into silence and just laughed nervously for a second, not knowing how to respond. I felt my erection bob up and down as I did so.
She continued regardless, sensing she was in control of the situation. Frankly, my dreams seemed to be coming true as she said, "Anyway, there's no need to be shy about that," looking down again for a moment so it was clear what she was referring to, "It's very nice indeed. And to catch my handsome son-in-law half naked was a very nice surprise. When I've seen you in your underwear lately I've always been curious as to what the bulge would look like if you were undressed, and now I know!"
So, it seems, she really had been enjoying our subtle, silent flirtation. But it went a big step further as she asked, "Do you mind if I touch it?" I was a little stuck for words and didn't answer immediately but she covered my hesitation by adding, "I'd love to just feel it in my hand. It has been a very long time since I saw one but even longer since I touched."
The look on her face at this moment was one I'd never seen in her before. My mother-in-law, in her late sixties, suddenly looked like a sexual being. Normally she appeared not to have any interest in that kind of thing, despite my fantasies, yet suddenly she really did. Her eyes portrayed sexuality, mischief and desire.
What else could I say but, "Okay, if you like," with a slight quiver in my voice.
I looked down, almost disbelieving my eyes as she reached towards my stiff penis. She moved slowly but confidently as she placed the tip of her forefinger at the base of my shaft then glided it very gradually along to the tip. Her touch was quite firm and in no way hesitant. My mother-in-law appeared in control of her actions even if I wasn't over mine.
As she reached my tip she ran her finger more gently down over the damp slit; my senses detecting that a small amount of pre-cum had just leaked out. As her forefinger fell away my penis twitched as if to beckon her back to continue.
"Oh I do like this darling," she said as she stood square in front of me. Then she took my erection in her right hand while with her left now cradling my big balls, saying, "You know, I've always thought you were a very handsome man but to see you like this is quite something."
Stating the obvious, but suddenly I was feeling close to her in a way we'd never been. A barrier had come down; there was a never seen before look in her eyes and her tone of voice was new to me too. This was her sensual side, always previously kept hidden.
She gently played with my genitals, smiling a little as she occasionally looked at me but mainly concentrating on looking at what she was feeling, almost as if she was reacquainting herself with the male form after years without intimacy.
It may sound strange but I still wasn't sure whether it would be appropriate to make any kind of a move on her. She was getting a big kick out of this and so was I, but was it okay to reciprocate in any way, with my mother-in-law?
I took the gamble, if it was one at all. Today she was wearing a typical woman's t-shirt with a fairly low neckline. There was no sign of cleavage but one wasn't expected, as she had what I imagined to be B cup boobs. Big or small, I was a boobs man and always had been, and as she stood there fondling me I couldn't resist the urge to touch her.
I began by placing a hand just below the front of her shoulder, touching her t-shirt. No reaction at all, she just concentrated on my erect member. So, with added confidence I moved my hand across onto the bare skin above her breasts. The touch of my bare fingers on her bare skin sent what felt like an electric current through me. It was clear she wasn't going to resist so I moved my hand down and over her left breast. I cupped it in the palm of my hand and gave it a gentle squeeze, taking in what curves I could sense through her thin t-shirt and the bra I could feel underneath. As I did, she made eye contact and smiled, saying, "Oh Olly, feel free!" before a brief and distinctly mischievous little laugh.
As I gently squeezed her and enjoyed this moment I paused in my mind momentarily and was barely able to believe this was for real. My mind returned to the moment as I felt her now wrapping her hand around my erection, then squeezing and jerking it once. After a pause she jerked it again and the pattern continued a few times. I felt my veins pumping up my cock even harder as she did so and began to wonder if I might just come if she continued this much longer.
All bets were off at this stage - anything seemed possible. Simply touching her breasts through her clothes was amazing but I wanted more, and it seemed that she did too. I decided to slide my hand down to the bottom of her t-shirt and then up inside from underneath. Again the touch of her bare skin, this time her tummy, was electrifying. Her tummy was definitely that I imagined of a woman in her 60s, a little doughy. In a way it turned me on all the more - she felt like how a real, older woman should.
I moved my hand up and felt the outside of what was a silky bra. I pushed my hand inside the top of the cup holding her left breast and took what I'd been holding from the outside properly into my hand. To my delight, and another stiffening of my erection, I felt a lovely hard nipple.
"Squeeze me there, darling," said my mother-in-law, now in a slightly tense voice indicating her arousal. Partly cupping her breast at the same time, I squeezed and she gasped as I did. Also as I did, she squeezed my penis in her hand again.
"Oh my, Olly," she said and then chuckled as she added, "What are we going to do?"
Well, that was the big question!
Before I could answer she took her hand off my cock and I moved my hands off her too as she confidently pulled up her t-shirt over her head, then dropped it onto the floor to reveal her milky, pale skin and white bra. She reached around to her back and, before I knew it, the bra was on the floor too. I looked down at her breasts and they were a gorgeous sight. Perky but definitely curvy, with a little bit of a droop and lovely smooth skin, each breast was topped with a lovely nipple. Both nipples were erect and thick, about the circumference of my fingertips. They were a very different colour than her skin but not so much brown as almost an orangey shade. Her arreolas were large and quite bumpy. Everything about them had me transfixed.
"Suck them," she demanded, as she put a hand behind my head and firmly pulled me down towards her left breast. With the momentum, she backed towards the kitchen counter and leaned on it, gasping as I took in the sight of it before taking it in my mouth. I toyed with her hard nipple between my tongue and gently with my teeth, and she moaned adoringly. I sucked and felt like I was sucking almost her whole tit into my mouth as I did. As I held it in there she arched her back a little in ecstasy - clearly a woman who's breasts are a true erogenous zone - and then grabbed my erection and briefly gave it a much quicker wank than what she had done before. It felt like we were losing control.
As I continued to suck her breast she put her hands at the bottom of my t-shirt and pulled it up, so I broke away to let her take it over my head. She threw it on the floor and there I was, naked in the kitchen.
"Okay darling," she said, "Come with me." Unbelievably she then took hold of my cock in her right hand and used it as if to pull me along behind her. Obviously I walked willingly but she was leading me all the way with her hand wrapped around my erection. She took me through the hall and then, tellingly, up the stairs. She was a few steps above me but still held my hard on as we went. As she was dressed only in jeans now, in front of me it was obvious she had a rather chunky bottom and thighs. I figured I'd see them better soon, although I also wondered if she might have second thoughts as to what she was about to do in her daughter's bedroom with her daughter's husband. As it turned out, she didn't hesitate in taking me there.
"Right, you," she said as she turned to face me, standing beside mine and my wife's bed, still holding my erection, "What we're about to do must always be our little secret." With that, she leaned towards me and kissed me on my lips. Again this felt hugely intimate and like a complete removal of our boundaries. She pulled away momentarily then moved to kiss me again and we mirrored one another in this time opening our mouths and connecting with our tongues. It was a slow, loving kind of kiss that became steadily deeper and more passionate. The taste was unique and delightful, stimulating me all the more. All the while she held my penis, as if not wanting to let go of her new toy, occasionally stimulating me with a squeeze or a jerk. By now I could feel my whole tip, and the tips of her fingers, were lubricated with pre-cum.
As we kissed I reached for her jeans and undid them. There's never an easy way to remove jeans in these situations so I broke away from our kiss to pull them down her legs and she stepped out of them. At crotch level, I took in the sight of her legs and they were voluptuous as expected. Imperfect but this was quite an old lady in front of me and it was both sexy and intriguing to be unwrapping her. I loved it. She was wearing plain, slightly silky white knickers and I enjoyed the fact I could see her obviously hairy cunt through them. As if there was no time to waste I pulled them down without hesitation and, sure enough, this area looked to have been left with its natural look. Surprisingly it wasn't grey, at least not entirely, with a mix of darker coloured hairs and a hint of the ginger colour it presumably would all have been years ago. Best of all, a patch near her vagina looked to be damp.
As I moved back up to a standing position I couldn't resist again sucking on her breasts. Her nipples were so prominent I figured I could spend a long time enjoying them but she had other ideas.
"Mmm I like that a lot Olly," she said, with a tone that suggested she really did, "But I want you on that bed now please. Come on, lie down."
She gestured to me as I did, indicating she wanted me on my back. I was still fully erect and, as I lay there with my legs apart, she kneeled at my feet and bent down holding my erection in her hand again. She pointed it up at the ceiling, appearing to study it for a moment, then took it between her lips and lowered herself onto me, taking it deep into her mouth. She seemed to just enjoy holding it there and smothering her tongue around me as she did. She then began to rock slowly up and down on me. It was an extremely sensual blow job, better than any I'd had before. The sight of her was, again, almost surreal when I paused to take it in. Her face didn't look as old as it was thanks to some cosmetic surgery and perhaps good genes but there were signs of her considerable years and this was without doubt an older woman, sucking my cock with considerable passion. Her shoulders appeared quite narrow but beyond them I could see the big curves of her hips, even wider as she bent to suck on me. It was all an image I wanted to remember forever.
Eventually, after quite some time, she slowly pulled off. Her next move took me by even greater surprise then everything else so far.
"Now darling, I am VERY turned on but at my age I might need some extra help with lubrication." As she said this, she straddled me and gradually shifted her way up the bed closer to me, until her pubic hairs were just about touching my chin. I stared up her torso, enjoying the curves of her breasts and those nipples pointing out above me. Briefly we made eye contact and then she moved her hands down to her cunt. I watched as she parted her lips with her fingers, revealing the fleshy insides of her labia, then she lifted herself a little and lowered herself down onto my mouth. She didn't put her full weight onto me but I was surprised by the extent to which she did relax down. My mother-in-law was now sitting on my face and I loved it. She tasted good as I explored her with my tongue. First I teased her clitoris, which was clearly engorged and sensitive as she responded with pleasured sounds. And then I moved my tongue to her vagina, where there was a much stronger taste to her. I put the tip of my tongue just inside her and she moaned as I did. My nose was rubbing her clit and the smells and tastes were strong and alluring.
After a little while, she lifted herself off and, with no hesitation now, moved above my head and said, "Okay Olly, I want you to fuck me now." Who knew she'd use that kind of language?! It wasn't like her at all, but none of this was of course, not in my experience.
I got up and turned around, to find her waiting on her back. As I looked at her she opened her legs wide, revealing herself in a way that I hadn't seen so clearly when she'd sat right down on me moments earlier. She was hairy, wet and inviting. I looked at her and she said, "I have fantasised about you doing this to me so often. When we're together in the house I look at you in a way you don't realise. I've noticed your cock pushing out of those skimpy pants you wear. Sometimes I could see the shape of the head, sometimes even the veins that run along it. Come on, let me have you inside me."
I moved up towards her, my erection wobbling from left to right and back again as I did. Then she felt it again, smiling beautifully as she did so, before guiding me down and then towards her vagina. She pulled me so the tip of my penis was touching her, then I pushed up and inside her. It was warm and surprisingly tight.
As I entered she gasped and said, "Oh my, Olly. You fit perfectly." I pushed deep in, and out, and in, and out. Without having known she had any lustful feelings towards me beforehand, it felt like this was a consummation of a repressed, sexual bond that had secretly grown between us. We kissed some more, longingly. I was surprised by the passion in her kisses, it was as if she was truly my lover.
Then she spoke to me as we continued, leaving gaps for breath between her sentences, "You feel so hard Olly...I want that cock to be mine always...I want you to fuck me whenever we're alone."
I was amazed by all she was saying but loved every second. I sucked on her tits as she talked to me. I tasted all around them and spread my kisses and little pinches with my mouth all around her body, as far as I could while thrusting in and out of her.
"I want to see you cum," she said, after a while. "Are you ready to cum yet?"
"I will be soon if we carry on," I replied, and she grabbed my hips to move me out of her. She then took my wet penis in her hand and pulled me towards her, until my big balls were hanging down and resting on the skin between her breasts. She looked hungrily down at me and wanked my erection, much faster and harder than before.
"Come on Olly, let's have that cum all over me. I want it all over my face. I've never had a dirty boy like you before and, now I have, I'm going to make use of you. Your cock feels so warm and hard. Your balls are huge, I bet you've got lots of cum in there. Look at my tits, look at my nipples standing up for you. Come on dirty boy, cum on me."
As she talked to me and wanked me hard, my mind was in a whirl. She looked in my eyes and I looked back. I was aroused beyond belief and ready to explode.
"Come on darling, I can feel it's coming. It's all coming out of you", she said as we both felt my erection go rock hard. Then it happened, spurting in vast amounts. She gasped as she directed the cum right at her face. I watched as the spurts flew from my erection to her nose, mouth and cheeks. I only came so hard as this when I was really turned on. When finally it stopped, with her cum-covered face she learned forward and took me in her mouth. She sucked on me gently and swallowed whatever she could get in her mouth, like she was desperate to drink it. When she was satisfied she had every drop off my penis, she took me out of her mouth and then wiped my still full erection all around her face, spreading the cum around with it. Then as my cock was wet again, she put it back in her mouth and took what more cum she had got off her face.
Finally, she stopped. "That was amazing darling. Just let me get cleaned up and then you can prepare to fuck me some more." From now on, it was clear that Thursday would be my favourite day of the week.