When I was in my early 20's as a student, my good friend Kate and I spent a summer backpacking and travelling across Europe by train, staying in hostels and visiting beautiful cities in France, Italy and Greece. My mind sometimes drifts back one particular day that sticks out in that long summer adventure.
We were staying in a coastal town with a long sandy beach that ran for 3 or 4 miles. Our accommodation happened to be at the end of the beach of which a mile or so was reserved for nudists. We both wanted to head to the beach and relax with a book, have a swim and sunbathe but neither of us fancied walking more than a mile up the road under the beating sun to do it. We weren't prudes and having a look from afar it seemed relatively empty and anybody there seemed to be quite old. There were a couple of topless women on the beach who were middle aged and with nothing too intimidating about the place we found a spot on the sand, put down our towels and lay in our bikinis reading and sipping coke.
After a while lying on my front, I unclasped my bikini top to avoid a tan line across my back, I'm quite comfortable sunbathing topless, as was Kate, especially on European beaches and there certainly was no problem with the rules doing it on this one. I'm blessed with large breasts that sit up very perkily despite their size, over my toned stomach, I'm 5' 10" with shoulder length brunette hair. Kate has strawberry blonde hair, blue eyes, and is a little shorter than me. She saw I'd removed my top and she said with a smile "I guess...When in Rome. an all that" also took off her bikini top revealing her slightly smaller but nicely shaped boobs.
An hour passed as we bathed allowing the hot sun to warm our skin all over, lying front and back on our towels, there were occasional passers-by and the beach got busier as lunchtime passed. Then one passer-by stopped as he passed us, a man who looked in his late sixties, he was wearing nothing except a battered straw hat, he was completely at home stark bollock naked on the beach. His skin was wrinkled and dark reddy brown in colour with what looked like a lifetime in the sun. "Hi, how are you?" he said in broken English but understandable. "Where you from?" we exchanged pleasantries with Kate and I trying desperately not to giggle about the fact that as we were sat upright on the beach talking to a man who's wrinkled cock was at our eye height less than a metre away. He was a local from the town and was telling us some of the history and as interesting as he was, we were hoping that he'd move on soon.
Mid conversation two British boy in board shorts, swinging a cool box, stroll up and say "Hi, you don't have a bottle opener, do you?". There's a mixture of emotions at this point, because they're good-looking guys in a very down to earth way and we both felt a little more conscious of our boobs being on show than we did when the naked older chap arrived. I sat up and picked my knees up to my chest.
The old man realises he's not really a fit for the young crowd and says his goodbyes and walks on. "Thought you might have needed a rescue from that old fella?" Said the one with jet black hair, he was just under 6ft and had noticeably big arm muscles but wasn't ripped across his torso, he was nicely proportioned. "I'm Andy" he said.
"Hi Andy" jumped in Kate with a welcoming tone "I'm Kate, and this is Sarah."
"And this is Joe" continued Andy. Joe had thick sandy coloured hair which had sun bleached blonde, he had a good tan, big calf muscles and looked in sporty shape rather than gym toned, he had a strong cheek bones and blue eyes.
"Where you from?" asked Joe. Kate explained where she was from in Dorset and then I chimed in explaining that I was from near London and telling them that we were uni friends. The boys were in the same boat, gap summer Europe travelling and were from what sounded like a nice coastal place in Norfolk.
"We're staying in some god forsaken hostel, slash hotel, slash convent." said Joe.
You both laugh and say, "what do you mean?". Joe answered "Well it's kind of an old ramshackle stone place that feels like it might come crashing down on us at any moment. The people that run it aren't full blown nuns, but they sort of dress a bit like nuns. They wear a headdress, and they have the Virgin Mary hung up everywhere and they are super strict about no alcohol, no mixed sex dorms or rooms, no drinking or smoking anywhere on the premises or coming home drunk. Oh, and the shower is like a rusty pipe that drips one splash of cold water out about a minute apart."
"Yeah, we've just been for a wash in the sea!" said Andy. Didn't realise we were on a nudist beach until we saw some wrinkly old willies and the oldest minge on earth!" Everybody laughed.
"You guys fancy a beer?"
"Sure, but how you gonna open them without a bottle opener?" Said Kate.
"Easy.... they're cans" said Andy chuckling. "It was the first thing that came into my head when we didn't know if old old wrinkly cock was bothering you!"
Everybody laughed again, and the boys took their cue to sit down and open the cool box.
They handed a short can of lager over, which was almost too cold to hold and chilled my palm in a nice way as the heat of the sun beat down without a cloud in the sky. The cold condensation ran over the back of my hand, and I took it and rubbed it across my forehead, which was refreshing and cooling. The sound of metal tabs cracking into the cans pinged around and the sip of cool fizzy beer went down much better than I'd imagined it would. I took another long swig and carried on chatting to the boys about travel tales, they are easy company and as I relaxed into the conversation I totally forgot about covering my boobs, it was only as I caught either of the boys looking away sharply if I caught them looking, that I remembered, but it was sort of flattering and no harm done, they'd seen all there was to see already and Kate wasn't exactly covering up. Plus, I was secretly hoping that they were checking me out more than her, and they definitely were.
After the second beer I'd started to loosen up around the shoulders. I was enjoying the slightly tipsy feeling in the sun and the beers were so refreshingly crisp on the throat that they started going down quite quickly. A couple of hours passed, and the boys were entertaining and good fun. The searing heat of the day had passed by 3.30 but it was still beautifully hot, and my skin felt tight. I opened the sun cream, dolloped a squirt on my hand and rubbed it into my tight sandy skin, face, arms, legs tummy and as I rubbed the cream into my boobs, I notice the boys struggling to avert their gaze. I say, "Does somebody mind doing my back?" meaning Kate, but maybe secretly hoping one of the boys might offer as I admire their muscular arms and large hands. Mmm a nice rub all over from some strong hands was a nice thought, but now I'd asked out loud the reality of it happening was a little disconcerting and exciting at the same time in my state of undress. Kate offered and I felt a slight pang relief and disappointment.
I returned the favour and then offered the cream to the boys who readily lathered their bodies in it. This time it was my turn for an overly longing glance, Joe was smoothing it all over his chest and down his toned stomach. He wasn't particularly hairy but has a treasure trail running down from his belly button. "Need your backs doing?" I offered "Sure" they both said instantly. I got up and lathered my hands in the cold cream, and start with Andy, his large shoulders were lovely and muscular and I enjoy rubbing them in a massaging type way, before smoothing all around his shoulder blades and muscular back right down the arch and so the tips of my fingers could glide around his skin and touch just inside the back of his shorts and onto the top of his bum.
Maybe it was the beer, but I started to feel I'd like to do that all over his body and I felt a small but noticeable twinge between my legs. I pull my thoughts together quickly and do Joes back and slide around his sides more, getting a good feel of his and abs as I get a little more relaxed about the proximity, I'm in to a guy I've only met that afternoon whilst more than half naked myself!
I go and lie back on my front, with the grainy coarse sand pressing onto my sensitive boobs, and slightly perky nipples, which I feel are best hidden from view in that state but I'm enjoying the eye candy, and the beer is now making me feel quite merry. I'm aware of being wet too and have an urge to grind myself a little on the sand to rub the ache in my clit. I stop myself and those thoughts abruptly, and quickly turn the conversation to rugby.
We all open another beer and then Kate announces "Ah shit I need to get to the post office to cash in my travellers' cheques and it closes in 15 mins! It's the weekend tomorrow and I can't last through to Monday without going."
"Oh ok!" I say and react quickly by packing up towels, sun cream and other strewn bits into the rucksack we shared for the beach trip.
"Ah that's a shame we were enjoying hanging out with you guys" says Joe.
"Well, you can always come back to our hotel, we aren't in a strict convent, we can have another beer back there as soon as I'm done." Said Kate.
"Ok cool" says Andy "You haven't got a shower that actually sprays water have you?"
"Ha ha! Give you an inch!" I say.
He nudged my arm, grinning cheekily and says, "Well come on, if you have the choice of drinking with guys that haven't showered for 3 days straight or fresh smelling beauties...what would you choose?"
"Fair enough" I laugh and head on up the beach brushing sand off my tight sun cracked skin and trying to keep up with Kate who's striding ahead clearly worried she'll miss the post office. As I reach the edge of the beach and onto the pavement I call. "Hey lovely, can I have the key?"
Kate rummages in the front zip pocket and hands the room key over and dashes off "I'll see you in half an hour!"
"Ok guys it's down this way past the seafront." And at that moment I realise that I'm now back on the edge of the real world and I really should be dressed for a town not a nudist beach!
And it hits me that Kate has bolted off with the rucksack and my t shirt and bikini top are both in there! "Shit!!" I say and explain the situation. "Any chance I can borrow a shirt from one of you boys?"
"Yeah of course says Andy, and he pulls out a white t-shirt from his bag and hands it to me."
I pull it over my head, it's quite tight around my boobs and I'm aware that my nipples are showing quite clearly through the fabric. Even though I was topless a few mins ago I feel a little self-conscious in a different setting. But it's a damn sight better than striding through the streets like lady Godiva.
I noticed the boys were nudging each other just behind me and I strain to overhear what sounds like "oh my god, it's nearly as good as when you could see them, I wish I was my t shirt right now." A secret rush of smug pride makes me smile and despite feeling very conscious of displaying more in public than I wished, the Dutch courage meant I just wasn't phased by the schoolboy excitement. In fact, a rush of excitement ran up through my body from the pit of my stomach and through my chest. My nipples hardened. They liked the attention too.
"Oi! Cheeky! I hope you're not perving!!" I say with a smile.
"Twat!" Scolds Joe to Andy. "Sorry about him, he's like a school kid sometimes with no filter".
"I expect you said similar things about the granny fanny on the beach" I quipped and they roar laughing.
"Yes, and to be fair, you do have incredibly nice tits, who can blame me?"
"Don't try and charm your way out now!"
We reach the hotel and head up to the room, I unlock the door and even though I feel like I'm breaking every rule of a female travelling alone and allowing complete strangers into my room, I'm totally at ease with my guests and enjoying their company too much to worry about anything.
"Ok, shower is down the end past my bed there, who's going in first?"
Joe volunteered and as he disappeared into the bathroom and the shower turned on, Andy I and I were in the small gap between the end of the beds and the wall, he looked into my eyes for a longing moment, inside my stomach flickered a little then settled.
"Beer?" He said breaking the tension of the moment. "No, I'm good for a min."
"Any chance I can have my t shirt back he said with a cheeky grin".
"What so you can get another ogle!!" I say smiling.
"Am I that see through?!" He laughed, "I figured it was one last opportunity to glimpse those beauties"
"I think it's about time I got a nudie ogle, seeing as you were too chicken to do it on the beach!"
How about you take off those shorts for a min before your shower and see how the freeing culture feeling works for you!" I couldn't believe I'd heard myself say that in such a confident way, but he was on the back foot and stammered "oh ok, I'm game!" And he turned away whipped down his shorts to his ankles and stepped out, his white bum was muscular and very attractive, I gave it a cheeky pinch laughing before he turned around, full frontal totally nude in front of me. He had a semi, and it was a decent sized shaft, it looked smooth and full. He wasn't too hairy and I resisted my instant temptation to reach out and take hold of it.
I pull my t-shirt over my head, and say "fair enough, a deal's a deal" I stood for a moment in just my bikini bottoms and him totally naked. I took a step forward so that my boobs touched his bare chest, it felt electric as our warm skin pressed together. His strong arms wrapped around my back firmly and our lips and tongues met for a passionate kiss.
Instantly I felt myself getting very wet, and we rolled over onto the bed together, him on top of me, embraced and tongues pressed against one another. He was rock hard now, and I could feel his lovely cock pressing against my tummy and my hands weaved all over his tight butt cheeks.
I found his shaft, and wrapped my fingers around it tightly, and pressed it flat against my naval, slowly rolling his foreskin back and forth. His mouth sucked firmly on my right nipple "wow you're so hard!" I hear myself mutter as a wave of pleasure ran from my nipple to my clit and back.
I slowly feel my way up and down his hardness, from the base and around the smooth end and pull his foreskin down slowly but firmly until it's as tight as it'll go. I hold it there confidently, and feel him writhe and pulsate, I squeeze tight with all my fingers and pull up and over and down again. His buttocks lift up and down as I do it and he kisses me hard on the lips whilst using his left hand to massage my boob, and roll the aching nipple into an ecstatic pleasure. His knee is placed firmly between my legs against my bikini bottoms, pressing on my clit, I'm writhing too, desperate to have some friction in the hot zone, rubbing myself hard against his knee for relief and pleasure.
He's panting now and I quicken the pace with my hand squeezing tighter and pulling faster. The end of his bulging cock is brushing the underneath of my boobs as we writhe and that makes me even more horny, he frantically kisses all over my boobs, and I moan with pleasure. Then he groaned loudly, and I felt hot liquid shoot across my boobs. "Aaahh ahh awww yes" he says. He continues to work his tongue around on my left nipple, nibbling and sending pulsating waves through my body. and as my clit rubs harder on his leg muscles just above the knee, an orgasm builds quickly and then flushes around my body, my back arches and I moan with joy and slump back. I stare lustfully into his eyes. "Well that was a nice way to get my t shirt back" he said.
"Can I borrow it again sometime?"
"Sure, but I prefer it off you".
Our lips meet again, and I'm brought immediately back to the real world, in all the excitement I'd forgotten Joe was showering next door. He appeared with a small white towel around his waist and a look of surprise and mild irritation on his face when he saw the tangled legs and arms on the bed. "Hey! I said I liked Sarah! And I said it first! No fair!!"
I went red with embarrassment at the news that they had a) had such a conversation b) I'd been caught on a bed almost naked and with a naked man...I thanked my lucky stars that I'd managed to keep my bikini bottoms on in the whirlwind but it wasn't ideal...Joe read my mind "Hey don't be embarrassed Sarah, we've been travelling together for 7 weeks, I've seen and shared everything with this guy, and to be fair, you've been topless all day. I'm just sorry I missed the party!"
Joe's towel was starting to look like a tent under his stomach, it was straining to stay together, the scene clearly got him going too. I can't help but feel a little 'on show' and quickly covered my boobs... although it seemed pointless. "Hey, I'm sorry about this", he said sheepishly looking down at his tented towel "we've been staying in a convent. I haven't dared even knock one out for days in case I get caught by the mega nuns".
Everybody laughed and the slight tension in the room instantly disappeared. Andy rolled over to the other side of the bed. Despite the interruption I was still feeling very aroused, in fact maybe more so with the flattering news that both guys were attracted to me.
"Hey, don't be silly, we all need a little relief when we're on the road" I said.
"You're telling me" said Joe as the towel started to fall open under the strain of his erection. He grabbed it quickly, but it fell to one side, revealing his naked body. It was quite a sight all clean and showered with a rod, shorter than Andy's but it looked much thicker. Either way it was presented loud and proud just inches away. I like what I see and don't want it to end just there.
"I'm sure there's something we can do to make you feel better about things" I say with a wicked twinkle in my eye. I knew I was a bit drunk but I felt guilty for the poor guy and the sight of his erection roused a fresh super tingle through my hot wet fanny and into my stomach, then on up into my brain and behind my eyes, like I'm possessed by the horn, my body was on autopilot, there was no shred of doubt in my mind now. I grab his hand, pull him to stand next to the bed, I sit on the edge of the bed, the end of his cock just an inch from my nose. I wrap may arms around his waist, grab hold of his bum cheeks with both hands and plant my entire mouth over his entire cock. I gag slightly but expertly pull my lips back up along it until I reach his helmet and roll my tongue around it, and bob back down hard onto his shaft again. He groaned with pleasure and I feel myself getting wetter and wetter, I imagine the shaft in my mouth rubbing on my clit and parting my lips and opening them so wide with that girth, then slamming back and forth into my hot wetness. The thought makes me shudder as I bob up and down relentlessly, and Joe is now getting close to coming, his bum checks clench in my hands and I take my mouth off quickly and pull him onto the bed next to me. I don't want this coming to such an abrupt end so I concentrate elsewhere for a minute kissing his chest. He presses me gently back and starts to kiss the boob nearest him. Andy still lying on the other side of the bed, leans over and starts stroking my bare naval, and then slowly moves up my tummy onto my right breast, and between his thumb and forefinger starts rolling my left nipple. He then starts to kiss it and suck it, nibble it and flick it with his tongue.
Never in my life have I felt the incredible pleasure of both nipples being sucked at the same time by two hot guys. My hand finds Joe's bursting cock. And ever so gently I stroke it from my position of lying back like an ancient queen being pleasured by her subjects.
Then I have an idea and snake my hand down Andy's stomach until I find his cock with my fingers. It's returned to hardness now and I start to work both men at once as they explore both my boobs with their mouths.
I gently work both shafts up and down, one wide and short, one larger longer one, both enjoyable to play with and certainly appreciated. I tightened my grip on both cocks, and increased the speed of my strokes, whilst pleasure pulsated through both nipples and around my body.
Joe could hold out no longer and came violently, groaning and arching his back off the mattress, his cock pulsating in my hand, he squirted cum all over his stomach.
He flopped back down, sighed and after a minute he returned to kissing my boob on his side, the renewed dual nipple pleasure was making me ache inside, Andy's hand slowly moved down and into the top of my bikini bottoms. Over my pubes and his middle finger pressed onto my swollen clit, it was so wet it slid off twice before he found a rotating rhythm that added to both nipples being sucked, another orgasm swelled quickly inside me and as two of his fingers plunged deep inside me, my body arched itself hard up off the bed, this inadvertently pushed my boobs harder into their faces and almighty orgasm crashed through my body.
"Fuuuuck me that was incredible" I say. The boys were smiling at me and seemed pleased with their efforts.
"What I wouldn't do to fuck you!" Said Andy
"No Kate will be back soon. And you haven't even showered you stinky boy!"
There was no getting away from it though, with all this action, even though everybody had come at least once already, a good hard fuck would scratch an itch that was building up beyond all control in everybody.
"In fairness I'd love to shag the hell out of you but it wouldn't be fair on the one who misses out and I'm not the sort who's gonna be letting one cock in after another. Sorry guys."
"You've already played with both of us at once" pleaded Andy with puppy dog eyes. "why not see how they feel inside? I've been thinking about it all day... and you've got me half way there again with your wicked hands!"
"I'm flattered, but not now."
"Can I at least finish myself off with a view of those incredible boobs? Pleeease"
It was flattering that a guy would actually be so turned on by looking at my body that he could openly wank himself off and actually orgasm over the sight of it. It was intriguing, maybe a little exciting and curiosity was creeping in. I wondered how he would pleasure himself. On the other hand I'd feel self-conscious putting myself on display like that. And then I thought well it's not like I haven't been displaying myself all day anyway!!
"I don't know it's kind of weird isn't it?" I say.
"I'm sorry" he said sheepishly, "You've got a goddess like figure and I just... sorry".
"No I'm sorry, I was carried away with the two mouths on two boob and now I've left you hanging. Go ahead if you like."
"You sure? I don't want to do anything you're not comfortable with"
He was such a nice guy and bless him, that made up my mind. "Go on wank til your hearts content".
I sat up on the bed, straightened my bikini bottoms, put my back against a plumped up pillow at the head of the bed and lay back, my knees up, feet apart and squeezed my boobs together for what I hoped made them look their best. He stood at the end of the bed, naked, toned and throbbing cock in hand.
Propped up and posing there on the bed I can't help but feel incredibly horny and almost wished I'd let him put it inside me. My thoughts can't help but drift to Andy's shaft pounding me and then flick to Joe and what his shorter fatter one would feel like. The thoughts had my clit buzzing for attention again, and I look back up to see not just Andy, but Joe too stood their gaze fixed on me and stroking himself. Joe with long slower strokes, Andy harder and faster slightly bent over himself, as they stared at my boobs. Their eyes seemed in another world. I watched mesmerised by them.
I shifted myself a little on the bed and strangely they seem to tilt their heads to one side as they jerked themselves and I realise they are trying to get a view between my legs, maybe I've spoiled the pose they were into or have my bikini bottoms moved to the side slightly, revealing more than I'd wish? 'Fuck it' I think, I'll give them a show, and I hook two fingers inside the side of my bikini bottoms and pull them slowly to one side. It feels so rude and naughty but so exciting getting carried away like this. Instantly the guys' eyes light up and they frantically start thrusting really fast. That reaction awakens a feeling of control and confidence within me. I cover up again quickly and they look slightly disappointed, and the pace slows by half a stroke. I flash my swollen wet pussy lips again laughing and they speed up and slow again as I shut the window, but this is too much. The feeling of being desired is pulsating through my veins now, I feel as if I'm the most beautiful woman in the word and the need for a good old-fashioned pumping inside is overwhelming.
"Come here you two" I demand.
I kneel up on the end of the bed and grab each one by the hand that's wrapped around their cocks. I move my hands up and down on top of their fingers looking lustfully into their eyes one after the other. I want them inside me so badly.
I lie back on the bed in a foetal position, slide the bikini bottoms down my thighs, over my knees and past my ankles. "I want both of you inside me now" I hear myself say as if it's coming from another person.
Joe pulled a condom on and was first to spoon in, "you're so slick and wet" he said as his finger slipped inside me and moments later the feel of his wide cock pressing against my wet slit made me shudder. I was so wet that it found its way in quite easily, but I gasped as it pushed my lips as wide apart as they'd ever been and then he pressed it on in until he was fully inside and stretching wonderfully satisfactorily. Andy crawled up onto the bed in front of me. I pulled him in and kissed his bulging shaft and then suck hard on it taking as much as possible in my mouth. He moaned loudly and Joe sped up his thrusts from behind. "Harder Joe, do me properly! I need a good hard shag after all that foreplay!!" I wasn't sure they were words that should come out of my mouth to a total stranger but it kind of helped that I'd never met them before, there was less awkwardness about it, they didn't know my personality so I could be who I chose.
Joe thrust harder and harder, his short fat cock going in and out like the clappers, it was hard to keep hold of Andy's piece in my mouth with that going on, but I did my best and it was my favourite cock of the two to lick up and down the long smooth shaft. Then at that second Joe's cock grew bigger inside me. I wondered if I could take it any wider, it was incredibly satisfying and an orgasm was building in me too, he came hard gripping my boobs. Unfortunately it was before I could climax, he pulled out and this allowed me to work Andy's lovely part properly without fear of catching him with my teeth or choking myself to death.
I bobbed and sucked and then I said, "I'm the one that needs finishing off now!". Andy pulled on a condom and didn't need asking twice to jump on top of me and slide in all the way with his first thrust. "Aaah mmmm" he moaned.
It felt so different and so good in a different way to the wide angle. The variety in the same 2 minutes was mind expanding and fun that you can't buy elsewhere. This was not a decision I was regretting, trying new things can be amazing and this was reaching parts others couldn't in two different ways. Andy thrust deeper and deeper, I gasped with pleasure and unexpected sensations "oh that's so good" I moaned as he pressed in deeper and hard, his rigid boner gliding over my hot clit as sent me to the stars and back. I felt my muscles tighten and clamp around his cock, as orgasm after orgasm wave pulsated through my body and the thrusts go on at a relentless pace until moments later he also swells larger inside and then shudders and collapses on me.
"Well, that was what I call a good hard shag you lovely, lovely fellas" I said as we untangled. "Touché" said Joe.
There was a knock at the door. I grabbed the t-shirt, Joe hopped back in the shower and Andy pulled on the nearest pair of shorts (not his).
"Hi Kate" I said breezily opening the door.
"Ah I thought you'd all be hammered by now, the post office took hours! The queue was ridiculous! Did I miss anything?"
"Ah no we've just been getting to know one another a bit better".
"Yeah, you've missed that Kate" said Andrew with a wink "but I haven't got the energy to do it all again".
"Let's get some more beer in us!"
"Good idea, I need refreshing" I said, winking back.