Cindy had enjoyed growing up out in the country, her daddy being a dairy farmer. The only part about that life was that her dad had to be there at milking time twice a day, every day, and it was difficult to plan family outings that included him. Life out there was simple, quieter, and under the very watchful eyes of her very strict parents. Oh, she got out routinely, spending much of her time with friends.
Luke was smitten with Cindy the first time he saw her, got a buddy that knew her to introduce them, and was ecstatic when she'd agreed to go out with him. They dated well into their college years, both of them keeping to the rural roots and morals of their respective strict upbringing. Sex was never considered, nor even discussed, and heavy petting was infrequent and very brief when it happened. Still, they were comfortable with each other and very comfortable in their relationship.
And both were inwardly wanting more excitement, physically.
During breaks and summer months Luke would work for Cindy's dad on the farm, everything from working in the fields on tractors to cleaning out the stalls to reroofing the milking house. One week during the summer Luke was tasked with painting the outside of the wooden clad farmhouse that the family lived in. That suited Luke just fine even though he really didn't like to paint. The weather had turned brutally hot and the house was nicely situated in a grove of old oak trees, so shade and a slight breeze made it much more tolerable than being in the hot fields.
He was generally alone in his work, the farmer off doing other chores elsewhere on the farm, and the women of the home either working in the home or off with some chore off the farm. This suited Luke just fine too.
Working on the farm had made Luke both tanned and strong. He'd always been a bit shy and never was comfortable going without a shirt in public, so being alone to paint the house allowed him to shed his shirt in comfort. What he didn't know was that Cindy hadn't joined her sister and mother than morning when they left for a day trip to visit a sick aunt the next county over.
And what Luke also didn't know is that Cindy had noticed Luke without a shirt but kept quiet and out of his sight as she'd watched him just outside the windows. He'd finished all the siding and was painting the trim and windows now, so with it being relatively dark inside the house, and with the sheer curtains over the windows, she was able to watch him without his ever knowing about it. The sight of his muscular body reaching, stretching to cover all the corners, the moisture of the perspiration that made his skin glisten, and seeing him so closely without him knowing all caused an excitement that brought thoughts and sensations in her that felt good. Very naughty, but good. Really good.
Cindy found herself cupping a breast as she stared at Luke's chest. When he stepped up on a step ladder to reach higher areas, bringing his jeans into view, she stared at the crotch of his pants. Without realizing it she has slipped a hand under the summer dress and was gently caressing the panty covered mound that was beginning to grow moist. She knew the sensation, one that her mother had cautioned her against as taboo, and one which she'd avoided all but a few times in her life. With Luke there unknowingly providing fodder for her fantasies, Cindy knew this would be one of those times.
Luke had finished all but the rear of the house, saving it for last since it was the lowest and none of the windows would require him to use a ladder. Also, there was only the back door, one bedroom window to a guest bedroom that was mostly used for storage, a small kitchen window, and a small bathroom window. Before starting this last section, Luke decided to take a lunch break. The farmer had come by to tell Luke he was going to the supplier for things and wouldn't be back for several hours, so Luke grabbed his lunch bag and the small cooler where he kept a cold drink for lunch, and took a seat on the tailgate of his old pickup truck to eat his lunch.
Thinking he had the run of the place, Luke wasn't too concerned about privacy and when he needed to make water, he did what most guys in that situation usually do, which is pull himself from his jeans and watered the lawn wherever it was convenient. After all, the nearest neighbor as over a quarter mile away and he was there at the farmhouse all alone. Right.
Right. Cindy just happened to be glancing out the window when Luke stood and unzipped his jeans. She really didn't have any idea why in the world he'd be unzipping his jeans, and for a moment thought it impossible that he'd be removing his jeans. She watched intently, even pulling the sheer curtain slightly aside so as to allow a more clear view of the scene 20-feet out in the yard from where she peered. She watched as he pulled the zipper down, reached inside, and fished out the only fully grown male cock she'd ever seen. Sure, she'd seen plenty of baby boy's as she changed diapers while babysitting for friends or cousins, and she'd seen the bulls around the farm countless times, but never a man. At least not in person. She'd seen pictures that other girls had shown her, but this was a real, live cock, moving around. And WOW, she couldn't believe her eyes when she saw the strong stream arc well out from Luke onto the grass. He eyes were glued to his cock, how it was longer than his hand was broad, of the diameter of the organ, and how it was so pliable and easy for him to bend around, change direction, and then seemingly fold up to reinsert into his underwear.
As Luke was zipping up Cindy gently let the sheer curtain close and only then did she notice that her hand was inside her panties, with one finger well lubricated as she eased it out from between the folds. As her hand withdrew she could smell the muskiness of her scent, her head then looking back to see where Luke was.
Luke was ready to finish up the painting and get things cleaned up before all the others began arriving back to the place. He started on one end, the kitchen window and was making great progress. He zipped through that window, attacked the door next, and then paused for a break before moving to the bathroom window.
Cindy had seen Luke at the kitchen window and then had listened as he worked at the door, afraid to look there for fear he would see her and realize she'd been there the whole time. Then a flush of warmth swept over her as she thought of the naughtiest plan she'd ever imagined. She wanted to take a bath. She rushed to the bathroom as Luke was still painting at the door, and quickly ran a bath without turning on any lights in the bathroom. The window wasn't very large and was placed high enough that the window sill came to her belly between her navel and her boobs. She quickly shut off the water before Luke moved to that window, now wanting to risk him hearing the water running.
As Luke got up from his break and moved to the bathroom window he thought briefly about skipping that window and moving on to the last remaining window before coming back to this one. The sun was peeking through the dappled shade and was shining on his face and forehead. To make it worse, there was a glare off the glass of the window panes that shone directly into his eyes. But, he was already there and went ahead with that window. As it turns out, this was the most tedious of the windows, with more panes, more trim work, and there was more dirt and spider webbing around this window than most of the others, forcing him to spend time cleaning the woodwork before he could even begin painting. As he stared at the window, sizing up the task, he was totally unaware than less than 3 feet away from his face was Cindy's face, and she was standing directly facing him and looking directly at him.
Cindy was nervous. Really nervous, but at the same time more excited and feeling naughtier than she could remember. She knew she had to know for sure that Luke couldn't see her, that he was still unaware of her being at home. She could see the bright sun dancing against his face, and see it shining on the window. She kept the lights in the bathroom off, hoping it would prevent him from being able to see in without literally putting his face against the window. She stuck out her tongue at him. Nothing. She raised her hand and waved at him. Still, nothing.
With trembling hands Cindy reached around and unzipped the back of her dress. She paused a moment, took a deep breath and watched Luke's face as she slipped the dress from her shoulders. He had never seen her in just a bra before and she knew from the times he'd stared at her in a bikini that he'd be unable to keep from looking at her in a bra if possible. As the dress slid down past the cups of her while bra, there was no indication from Luke that he had noticed anything other than his task at hand.
Cindy stepped from the dress as it fell to the floor of the bathroom. Clad only in bra and panties, she felt both a bit embarrassed from the exposure, and tremendously excited. She could feel the tingling in her pussy and her nipples were hardened as if she'd licked them and blown across them. Emboldened by the excitement of this pseudo exhibitionism, Cindy reached around and unclasped her bra, allowing it to fall to the floor. Her boobs were perky and perfectly sized for her body, with hard nipples standing proud of the quarter sized and puckered up areolas. Without taking her eyes from Luke, Cindy slipped her hands down her hips, under the waistband of her panties, and slid them down off her hips. As they fell to her feet she stepped out of them, putting a hand down out of reflex to hide her neatly trimmed mound.
As she stood there just a few feet from Luke, totally nude for the first time in front of any man, the passion of the moment swept over Cindy and she instinctively cupped her hand down over her hardening clitoris. Moving the palm of her hand against the protrusion she slid her middle finger between the folds of her pussy and into the warm and slippery tunnel. She felt hot, flushed, but kept rubbing herself. One hand found a nipple and began to pinch and twist slowly. Her legs had opened a bit to allow freer access to her pussy. She felt herself swaying slightly, mildly aware that the motion might gain Luke's attention, but not caring at the moment if he did see. In fact, the fact that she was so exposed and in some risk of being seen had added to the excitement of the moment.
Luke was hot from the sun. Perspiration was beading on his face, trickling down his forehead and cheeks as he reached to stroke paint across the top of the window trim. A slight breeze caused the leaves to shift just enough to move the rays of sun a bit, putting him into a shadow for an instant. It was welcome relief for that instant, and Luke kept painting. As the winds gusted again, and another shadow covered the window for a moment, he thought he saw some movement in the window out of the corner of his eye, but it was gone too quickly, replaced by the glare of the bright sun, for him to see it. He passed it off as nothing more than the movement of the shadow.
It wasn't lost on Luke that through the bathroom window he was painting was a space where Cindy and her sister had been naked countless times. He began to think of them in there, naked for a bath, naked to brush their teeth, naked to put on makeup, naked just to be naked. As he stood there with those visions in his mind, Luke felt the urges that most young men feel and without any physical stimulation was already sporting a semi-boner. With no one around and total privacy, Luke figured "what the heck". So he laid his paint brush down on the can, stepped back a few steps, unzipped his jeans and shoved his jeans and underwear down to his knees. With his semi-erect cock standing out from his body Luke just stood there a moment and savored the refreshing feeling of the slight breeze around his cock and balls. He turned his back to the sun which put him facing almost directly towards the house, and in front of the bathroom window, and began to stroke his cock to full erection.
Cindy had been lost in thought and sensation but opened her eyes to glance out the window just as Luke was shoving his jeans down. Instantly fear and intense embarrassment swept across her, for she was sure that Luke had seen her and was now acting out in this perverse manner out of uncontrollable lust. She reached for a towel to cover herself, beginning to think more about the excitement of him seeing her than the shame of it, but all the time her eyes glued to what was happening merely 10 feet away out in the yard.
Cindy had seen the gesture of guys jacking off, and been in conversations with other girls where they mimicked the act from watching or participating with their boyfriends, and in one case of a girl seeing her brother jack off. But she'd never actually seen the act, in person or otherwise. She was at once curious, intrigued, and ashamed for watching. But she couldn't stop watching. She talked herself into believing that if Luke had actually seen her, he wouldn't be acting this way, for she never thought he would do anything like that if he thought she could see him. In fact, she'd never even thought about Luke even doing that in private.
As she watched, the towel fell. Her hands returned to their previous position and duty, and the energies were building within her hotter and faster than before. As Cindy watched, Luke's cock got harder and larger. The tip got darker and Luke stroked faster and faster, almost fiercely in fact. Her own hand was practically pounding her pussy, rubbing hard against the clit and pushing further and faster into her cunt. She could hear the sounds of her wet hand as it plunged into her pussy, the wetness literally dripping from her hand, her breathing coming hard as her body tensed up. She had to work to keep her eyes open, watching as Luke was almost savage in his attack on the stiff cock.
Images of Cindy, as he pictured her nude, were filling Luke's mind as he stroked hard and faster. He imagined Cindy standing there in front of him, of her watching him as he brought himself to orgasm, of her about to reach up to grasp his cock just as he was about to climax. He thought about seeing his cum land on her face, of her opening her mouth to taste his cum, of seeing his cum drop off her face and down upon her tits. This image was more than he could resist and the powers consumed him. The energies erupted from his balls, up through his cock, and spurted forth from his cock in bursts of white, creamy cum.
Cindy thought she was about to cum when she witnessed the spurting cum from the end of Luke's cock. That pushed her to the hardest orgasm she had ever experienced, as few as it may have been up until then. It felt so strong, so good, so powerful and so controlling that she felt helpless against it. She felt her body quivering, her legs almost unable to support her, she was aware of moans slipping from within, felt the power take over her body in a gush of ecstasy. She tried to keep her eyes open but could not. It was several moments before she could regain her breath and open her eyes, still unable to take her hand away from her pussy even if she couldn't bear any stimulation at the moment.
Cindy looked out at Luke, sure that he had heard her and not knowing what he was going to do after his own orgasm. She regretted not being able to keep her focus on him long enough to see the full experience of his orgasm, for it fascinated her immensely. But as she looked out Luke was bending down to pick up the paint brush to resume his painting.
Cindy stood there, still. Thinking of what to do. Thinking about him now no more than two feet from her and seemingly still not knowing she was there. She was tempted, strongly tempted, to press a boob against the window pane, to flip the light switch to illuminate the bathroom where she was still nude, to kiss the window. Something, anything to let Luke know she was there and to perhaps even show herself to him. Though the temptation was strong, Cindy wasn't there yet with her boldness. One thing for sure, she knew it wouldn't be too long before she would have the courage to act on those urges.
Luke finished the painting and cleaned up the brush. No one was back to the farm yet, so he slipped on his shirt, hopped in his old pickup to head out. He figured he'd go home, grab a shower and change of clothes, then maybe pick up Cindy later to go out for a bite of supper of maybe go bowling.
As the truck came to life Cindy stepped into the bath that had grown cold. She ran hot water, bathed, then thought about texting Luke to see if he wanted to stop by later that evening.
Three hours later Luke pulled up in the yard behind the farmhouse. The family was about to sit down for the evening meal but Cindy bounded out of the house to greet Luke. "Hey, instead of going bowling, why don't we just ride down to the old quarry and watch the sunset."
"Cindy, you know nobody goes there anymore. There'd be nobody there but us."
"Yeah, that's the idea." Cindy had a plan that she was sure Luke would enjoy. Besides, she had a story she wanted to tell him on the way to the quarry.