Note: This story's plot will make much more sense if you've read my earlier story "Kristin Helps Tina Breaks Through".
Thanks for reading!
*****
Saturday night, 10 PM...
"What a crazy few days!" Tina thought to herself. Ten days ago she couldn't have imagined being in her current predicament; her usual Saturday night was way more sedate and her usual attire was considerably more modest. She had been through more ups and downs in a week and a half than in the entire past year and she was sure to experience even more in just a few minutes.
Ten days earlier...
Kristen ignored her big brother's protests that she should give up on fixing him up with her friends, despite his telling her: "Your track record is terrible, the only thing the last one and I agreed on was that we had no interest in seeing each other again!"
She replied: "I'm not giving up yet, so you might as well take her number and email I just texted to you and get in touch. I promise if this one doesn't work out I'll stop bugging you, at least for the rest of this year, but I have a good feeling about you two."
"If she's all that why haven't you set us up before?" he asked.
"She had a rough breakup and wasn't interested in dating even as perfect a specimen as yourself until recently; lately she's been coming out of her shell, so the timing is good."
He finally gave in, saying: "If only to get you off my back I'll give her a call." After they ended the call he checked his email and was pleasantly surprised by the photo his sister had included. They might or might not hit it off, but at least having her across a table would be easy on his eyes.
Tina and her blind date agreed to meet on Friday night at a pub near her office. She had arrived right after work while he needed more time to get back into the city after his last appointment of the week; she sipped her wine and sent him a text to be sure he had the right address. Half an hour later he replied: "sorry 2 b late just parked b right there"
She spotted him as soon as he came in the door; he looked exactly like the photo her friend had shown her, already a step ahead of some of her recent dates, who all seemed about a decade older than their photos. She began to forgive him for being late before he had a chance to apologize.
He recognized the cute brunette in the corner booth from her photo and was relieved to see his sister had apparently sent him a fairly recent shot; so far, so good, he thought.
"Sorry to be late." he said, then asked, "Can I get you a drink?"
"No problem, and yes you may!" she said; "a sidecar, please."
He returned with her sidecar and a martini for himself. Their conversation was pleasant, but a little stilted as they sized each other up. They had another drink, after which both agreed that they'd better have some dinner. As they were led to a table in the dining room he noticed she was a little shorter than he expected, but he couldn't find a single fault with her figure; slim overall but curvy where curvy is good.
Their conversation rolled on amiably as they ate dinner, both opening up a bit more as they got more comfortable with each other. It was nearly 9:30 by the time he mentioned having an early tee time the next morning and they headed out the door.
As her Uber pulled up, Tina looked up at Darren and said: "I don't know about you but I had fun tonight!" then impulsively stood on tiptoes and kissed him.
He said: "Same here!" as he leaned in to kiss her back.
Saturday morning Darren called his sister, telling her: "Don't get too excited, it was just one date, but that definitely did not suck!"
Kristen didn't tell him that Tina had called her during the ride home last night to give the date a similarly good review. "Don't want him to get too full of himself." she thought.
Darren had to call on a client near Tina's office on Tuesday, giving him a chance to get together with her for coffee; their conversation picked up right where they had left off Friday night. They made plans to have a movie night date at her place on Thursday, each picking one film to stream with an intermission for some kind of take-out or delivered dinner.
Thursday night seemed to be a long time coming to Darren; Tina didn't have time to think too much about it as she spent several hours after work on Tuesday and Wednesday straightening her apartment up. She intentionally left her bedroom in its usual messy state, wanting to make it harder to let herself get too carried away on what was only their second date. "Or did the coffee Tuesday count?" she wondered.
Darren knocked on her door promptly at 6:30 as they had agreed. Tina answered the door in a towel, just out of the shower; she pointed him towards the kitchen, telling him where to find an opener for the wine bottle he had brought.
"Not necessary!" he said, twisting off the screw top.
"Then find a couple of glasses and start pouring!" she replied, "I'll be dressed and out in a couple of minutes."
Darren said: "If you insist, but I don't see anything wrong with your current outfit."
Tina laughed and headed into her bedroom. Darren's flirtation convinced her to go with a somewhat bolder outfit than she had planned. She eliminated the bra she had planned on wearing entirely and went with a more casual look; a well worn slightly tight t-shirt with a tear at the front of the collar and yoga pants instead of the khaki shorts and button-down shirt she had laid out. She didn't plan on sleeping with Darren tonight but wanted him to have a hard time concentrating on the films.
The movies never had much of a chance to hold the attention of the aroused couple; forty minutes into the first film and halfway through the bottle of merlot, they were all over each other. But when Darren slipped a hand under the waistband of her pants Tina grabbed his hand to stop him and got up from the couch, telling him: "I don't mean to be a tease, but as much as I'd love to be fucked by you tonight I feel like it's too soon. I think we might have something here, and I don't want to mess it up by going too fast. That being said, I'm loving what you've been doing to me tonight and wouldn't mind some more of that."
Darren felt a twinge of disappointment but realized he really had nothing to complain about, simply telling Tina, "Sounds good to me!"
"As long as we understand the ground rules this can still be a fun night!" she said, smiling as she ripped her shirt completely open in front at the existing tear! He was transfixed by the unexpected sight of her breasts, staring at them like they might disappear if he looked away. She broke his trance by throwing the destroyed shirt at him, landing it right on his face.
"You are just full of surprises!" he said as she rejoined him on the couch.
"Got to keep you guessing!" she laughed, "It was an old shirt anyway, well worth sacrificing in exchange for the look on your face!"
A few hours later Tina, still topless, kissed him goodnight at the door. Darren noticed for the first time that the large windows in the living room had no shades, blinds or curtains! He asked Tina how long they had been like that, and whether she worried about anyone spying on her.
"The curtains have been gone about a week; they're being cleaned, and until tonight it hasn't been an issue." she said, adding "Hopefully nobody was watching." While most of what she told him was true, she found she liked the idea that they might have had an unseen audience across the street.
Before parting they agreed to go out for dinner Saturday night. Darren promised her a little surprise, saying he'd pick her up at 7.
Tina and Kristen met for a drink Friday after work; Kristen wanted to know how things were going with Darren but accepted the lack of detail in Tina's replies, as it was clear things were going pretty well. Tina asked some questions about what he'd been like growing up, prompting Kristen to break out her phone and open her Photos app, offering Tina a chance to see some old photos of Darren.
Tina was enjoying the cute childhood photos when suddenly a photo of Darren from just a couple of months ago popped up. Tina gasped as she saw him without the beard and glasses she had always seen him with.
Always except for the first time they met.
When she didn't catch his name.
When she gave him and his friends a false name.
Amy.
Because it had seemed sensible to her not to give them her real name.
Because she was completely NAKED!
Kristen, seeing her friend's expression go from happy to horrified in an instant asked what was wrong. Tina was incoherent at first, eventually calming down enough to explain how and when she had first met Darren. Now it was Kristen's turn to gasp.
She slowly put together the long chain of coincidences leading up to this moment. Tina had gone back to her natural dark brown hair and switched to a shorter style shortly after her night of exposing herself. Darren had started growing his beard and stopped wearing contacts at about the same time. Kristen had absolutely no idea what he might have been doing in that particular convenience store that night; he didn't work or live anywhere near it.
"We're supposed to go out to dinner tomorrow night," Tina sobbed, "how can I possibly do that? I can't just pretend I don't know he and his friends have all seen me naked, and then there are all those photos they took! I didn't expect to ever see any of them again after that night, and I acted like it!"
Kristen sat silent for a minute, then said: "As bad as this seems, I think you should go on your date and tell him everything. You both seemed to be getting along really well up to now. He's really a great guy, you should give him a chance to decide if it even bothers him. It's not as if you held up a bank or something!"
Tina agreed that she shouldn't just cancel without explaining why, though she was pretty sure it would be their last date.
Darren showed up a few minutes late Saturday night, explaining: "I needed to gas up the car and it took me a few minutes to find a parking space."
Tina said: "No big deal, let's get going."
Darren noticed she seemed a little distant, but didn't think much of it. He also noticed she was dressed more plainly than in their previous dates; a polo shirt and jeans skirt which she made look good but was definitely not her usual style. They walked around the corner to where he had parked. Tina smiled for the first time all day as she saw what he was driving; A yellow late 60's Cadillac 4 door convertible.
"Okay, now I see why you had a hard time finding a parking space" she said, "this thing is like two cars!"
"Drinks gas like two cars, too!" he said, "But it's fun and I only take it out once in a while."
They headed to a steakhouse on the edge of town, and over dinner settled into an easy conversation, each filling in a few gaps in their knowledge of the other's life story. When Darren asked if she was interested in dessert Tina declined, saying: 'I have somewhere else I need to go with you tonight."
Darren was curious what Tina had in mind, but actually enjoyed the air of mystery she was maintaining. He drove on as she directed him, finally pulling in to a shopping center which seemed to be just closing down.
Darren turned off the car and asked what she had in mind, given that it didn't look like a promising place for them to find dessert.
Looking down at the car's floor, Tina told him she had something to tell him that might make him lose all interest in her.
Seeing how upset she was becoming, Darren reached out and put his arm around her shoulder, saying: "Go ahead and tell me, but don't expect to be rid of me that easily."
"I asked you to come here because this is where we first met."
"I don't understand, we first met for drinks at that pub near your office."
"Nope," said Tina softly, "it was at the convenience store at the end of this parking lot; believe me, I remember it well. You were watching a baseball game on the TV behind the counter with some friends; I bought some champagne, took a few photos and left."
Tina looked over at Darren and was able to see the shock on his face as the truth slowly dawned on him.
"That was YOU? I can't believe I didn't recognize you before this, but you look so different now. I thought this place looked vaguely familiar, but that night was the only time I was ever at that store and I didn't drive, so I didn't recognize it. That was YOU? Damn!" he finally said.
"Yes, I'm afraid it was. I'll understand if you run away as fast as you can now that you know."
"Run away? Are you kidding? I've been fantasizing about you ever since that night! You didn't do anyone any harm, far from it!" he said, "I'd like to understand more about how you came to be there like that. I remember you telling us it was a fantasy; was it some sort of bucket list thing?"
"Not exactly", Tina said, confessing with a quavering voice her long-standing fascination, never accomplished until that night, with being seen while naked in public. She told Darren that it was like a bucket list in that there were a number of scenarios she'd fantasized about, but different because she was pretty sure she would like to act out some of her fantasies more than once.
"Then I guess you'll need someone to watch your back, no pun intended. A person could get in trouble doing that sort of thing without a spotter. Lucky for you I'm available!" Darren replied, "There is one thing that bothers me though. Why did you send all those naked photos of yourself to Andy later?"
"Uh, what photos are you talking about? I'll admit to some bad judgment, but I never did anything like that," she replied, "I wouldn't even have known how to contact any of you if I'd wanted to! The only name I heard used that night was Rob, the clerk. You and the other two guys were just Tall Guy, Sandy Haired Guy and Balding Guy as far as I was concerned."
They pulled out their phones and compared photos from that night at the store with some Andy had sent him. Tina was shocked at how strong a resemblance the masked nude woman in Andy's photos had to her, but was able to point out a couple of freckles and a birthmark on her photos not present in the other woman's pics.
"A mystery for another day, I guess." said Darren, "Any other scenarios on your list you'd care to share as long as we're out tonight?
Tina smiled and said: "Actually, now that you ask, I have a couple which could be pretty easy to do tonight."
"I'm listening," Darren said, smiling.
I've often thought about what it would feel like to wait at a bus stop totally nude; I'm pretty sure I could handle the waiting and even being seen by and talking with the driver when the bus arrived, but I've always wondered if I'd have the nerve to actually get on and ride that way! God, I'm getting excited just talking about it!"
Darren pointed out a bus shelter on the shopping center sidewalk; Tina told him she'd already noticed it, and that seeing it was what brought the fantasy to mind. A quick check of the transit system's website confirmed that a bus was due to arrive at 9:50, less than 15 minutes away. Tina blushed and felt her pulse racing at the thought that this could actually be about to happen!
She continued: " The other one we're in a position to do something about is another longtime fantasy; I've often thought about what it would feel like to have sex in the back seat of a convertible. With the top down, obviously."
"Obviously." he replied, "I like the convertible thing a lot, but since the next bus coming is the last one on this route tonight, maybe we should start with your public transportation fantasy first and see about the other one after that?"
"Sounds like a plan!" Tina said, trying to sound calmer than she really felt as she continued: "I'll leave everything but my phone and bus fare with you; I'm really depending on you to follow and pick me up when I get off a few stops down the road!"
Darren replied: "No way on earth do I not pick you up after you get off the bus, I'm looking forward to helping you out with your convertible fixation too much!"
A quick check of the time showed that they had 10 minutes to get Tina ready. She pulled the polo shirt over her head; the butterflies began immediately. Darren pulled her close for a long kiss, unhooking her bra and pulling it off.
Tina unbuckled her belt and unzipped her skirt, allowing Darren to slide it down her legs. She peeled her panties down past her knees as Darren's hands roamed over her body.
Breathing heavily, Tina said: "I'd better get out of here and over to the bus shelter before we move straight to our second act!" She grabbed her phone and a few dollar bills, gave Darren one more lingering kiss, then strolled over to the bus shelter. She laughed to think that walking around naked in a parking lot was barely the beginning of her adventures tonight!
As she stood naked inside the shelter the utter craziness of what she was doing had Tina shivering almost violently despite it being a warm night; she had no idea who might be on the bus or who might get on at other stops, though with all the stores around here closed she thought her odds of getting on a fairly empty bus were good. Assuming she actually managed to board the bus, there was still the question of where to get off, as she realized she had no clue where this bus was going to take her!
Tina tried to look up the schedule information on her phone to research where she was going to be heading, but before she had sorted it out she saw the bus turning into the shopping center parking lot; she was wavering, unsure she'd even be able to take a step towards the bus, never mind actually climbing aboard. Her heart was pounding and the rest of her body felt numb, but the sight of Darren waving and giving her a thumbs up sign settled her down a little. She saw his car's lights come on and watched it pull out of the parking space and start towards the street just as the bus pulled up; time to decide, go or not.
The driver took a look at her and said: "Are you okay? Is this some kind of prank?"
Tina replied in a shaky voice: "More of a dare. My boyfriend will be right behind to pick me up when I get off."
The driver chuckled, saying: "Not the craziest shit I've seen on this job, but pretty close. You're lucky the bus is empty, otherwise I'd never let you on; climb aboard, never mind the fare, naked babes ride free on my bus!"
Darren followed as planned, but was shocked when the bus almost immediately got on a highway before making any stops. In their haste to fulfill Tina's bus fantasy they had both overlooked the note on the schedule saying this bus was an express route; there would be no more chances for her to get off the bus until it was deep into the city. He saw what was happening before she did; she only began to worry when the driver ignored her signal to stop at the next stop.
Up until the driver told her they wouldn't be stopping before reaching downtown she'd been pretty proud that she had summoned up the nerve to go through with the plan. When he told her the next stop was going to be at the intersection of Main and Washington her heart sank; that was the heart of the local restaurant, bar and theater scene. She knew that on a Saturday night the area would be swarming with people!
Tina called Darren to fill him in on their destination, pleading with him to stay right with the bus so she could get in his car as quickly as possible. He promised to be there when she got off before breaking off the call to concentrate on driving.
Tina shuddered as she imagined the scene she was about to be dropped into; people out for the evening, bar hopping, heading home after dinner or a show. Lots and lots of people. She cringed at the idea of stepping off the bus naked to join the crowd on the bustling sidewalk but also realized some part of her was excited by the situation. She knew she'd never intentionally set herself up to be exposed to such a large crowd, so this would likely be her only chance to have this experience.
She was lost in thought about what she was about to do when the driver told her they were about to stop! She looked out the window and saw a sidewalk overflowing with people, pretty much as she had expected. "So many people..." she said to herself, "God, I hope they' re all strangers!"
She was scared and incredibly aroused all at once, amazed that the two feelings could co-exist this way. She blushed as she noticed her predicament was making her wet; that and her swollen nipples were visible proof that deep down she was excited to be exposed!
She asked the driver: "Could you keep the doors closed for a minute to give my ride home a better chance of being in place behind us when I get off? Getting this far into town naked was NOT the plan!"
He laughed and said: "Sweetheart, we're about 2 minutes ahead of schedule and I'm sure not in any hurry to see you go. I don't get passengers like you very often, or ever really, so you can have a little extra time before I open the door." Then he asked: "Is your ride the old Caddy convertible I saw where you got on? If so I think your boyfriend's here, it just pulled up behind us."
Tina thanked him and headed for the back door, still thinking about how to proceed; make a frantic run to Darren's car or have a leisurely stroll? Could she actually pull off the slower choice? Would running just make her stand out more? In the end, the crowd decided for her as the pedestrian traffic was just way too thick to try to run anywhere!
She worked her way through the crowd, which felt like swimming upstream; she seemed to be going against the flow of a crowd leaving a theater just up the street and heading towards her. She saw Darren up ahead leaning against the passenger side door and holding her shirt and skirt, but getting to him through the crowd was slow going.
Hearing a few compliments clearly directed at her made her smile; she didn't even get upset at having a few miscellaneous hands brush lightly against her boobs and ass as she slowly made her way towards Darren through the densely packed crowd. When she finally reached him she stepped into the skirt quickly but took a minute to share a hug and a long passionate kiss before getting her shirt back on! Her heart was still racing, but she actually felt fairly calm.
As Darren held the car's door open for her Tina noticed he had managed to get the top up while he was waiting. She said: "It's still fairly early, maybe we could find a place to put the top back down and hang out; that back seat looks pretty comfortable...