*Every character in this story is at least 18 years old.
TW: Hard drug use.
In the prior story, Krissy's little brother got an eyeful of Krissy's body, and a lesson about female ejaculation. After things calmed down, he was on his way out the front door of the house to spend the evening with his own friends.
Krissy hollered after him as he walked out the door, "And don't tell your friends that I squirt!"
"Oh my god! Stop!" Kimo said as he walked out, and at that same instant Cayleigh walked in, with a tall handsome blonde boy following one step behind her.
"You squirt?" Cayleigh queried, laughing, as she walked into the kitchen to embrace her best friend.
"No, I told him 'buy Squirt' - for drinks." Krissy responded, her heart jumping a little that her best friend Cayleigh had heard Krissy bragging about her ejaculations. She hoped that Cayleigh wouldn't question why her brother would know that she's a squirter; and hoped that her lie was believable. Hopefully, the subject would change quickly. And it did.
"This is Jens! Jens, meet Krissy. Krissy, meet Jens." Jens held his hand out to shake Krissy's.
"Hand-shake? What is this, business school?" Krissy joked. "It's great to meet you, Jens - Cayleigh tells me nice things about you. Welcome to the crew!" And with that she gave the crew's new Danish member a big welcoming hug.
She poured them both celebratory glasses of champagne, and they drank, ate cheese, and caught up with one another, telling similar stories of college freshman life. Jens mostly listened quietly, and occasionally chimed in. His thick Danish accent making his shyness seem even more charming to Krissy. Eventually Rob showed up, and finally the twins, Jimmy and Timmy, and they all drank champagne and laughed, enjoying reconnecting after their year apart. The crew was back together again!
It was Rob who, slyly looking over at Jens, suggested that they all go swimming in the pool. They grabbed their drinks and headed outside. They all peeled up their shirts, dropped their pants, kicked off their shoes and hopped into the pool, where they kept up their laughing, story-telling, and drinking. At some point, Rob - who was apparently the instigator on this night - said "You know what this party needs? SHOTS!" Everyone cheered.
"I've got this!" Krissy said, jumping out of the pool and heading into the kitchen. Cayleigh leered at Krissy's beautiful round practically naked ass as she strutted back into the house.
Rob, noticing Cayleigh's stare, whispered "Lust much?" and nudged her ribs.
"Shut up. Go flirt with Jens!" Cayleigh retorted.
"Well, I never!" Rob said joking indignantly.
"What's going on over there?" Timmy, who had been chatting about sports with his brother and Jens, asked of Cayleigh.
"Nothing." Cayleigh said. "Let's do some shots and take this party up a notch!"
Everyone cheered at that suggestion, and that the same time Krissy returned with a tray holding six shot glasses, a bottle of her dad's Patron tequila, a bowl of cut limes, and a salt-shaker. Nobody had noticed earlier when they were all leaping into the pool. But as Krissy walked back to her friends carrying the tray, even in the darkness, the light from the pool was enough to reveal just how tiny the front of Krissy's G-string was.
"Hey bring me a shot, Hairy McGoo!" Cayleigh teased, which kicked off a chant of "Hairy McGoo! Hairy McGoo!" from all of them
"What - you act like you've never seen public hair before!" Krissy shot back, a little embarrassed that her bold G-string was not eliciting quite the response she had imagined.
"Never seen that much!" Said Jens, to everybody's surprise. They all went silent and turned to look at him, shocked that the new guy was piling on, and then they all burst into laughter. Even Krissy couldn't help but laugh.
"Fine fine - whatever." Krissy said. "I like my furry cooch. Maybe next time I'll give it a trim. Anyway - if you want these shots you'd better say nicer things about it."
As Krissy squatted down at the edge of the pool to pour the shots, the lips of her labia pressed forward around the tiny G-string, revealing more of her hair, and of her anatomy, than she had planned to put on display. Krissy's friends, suspecting that Krissy didn't realize that she was basically flashing her pussy at them, complimented her pubes.
"Your pubic hair is extremely classy." Said Timmy. "May I have a shot now?"
"Yes, you may, and thank you." Krissy responded with a nod of her head and a grateful tone. "Nobody else?"
"Your pubic hair is like a dark and stormy night." Said Jimmy.
"Your pubic hair is faaaaabulous." Said Rob.
"Your pubic hair is the pride of America." Said Jens.
"Your pubic hair looks good enough to eat!" Said Cayleigh, eliciting hoots from them all, as they licked their salt, knocked back their shots, and sucked on their limes.
Krissy dangled her toes in the water while sitting at the edge of the pool, which did nothing to conceal her genitals from the crew. She didn't have sexual feelings for them, but part of her was enjoying the rising buzz in her belly knowing that they were all looking at - and talking about - her pubes. She fleetingly wished that there were a world where people could be more open about their bodies and their desires. "You guys - I like my pubes! Seriously. Does it look bad?" She asked, looking down at her crotch.
"Looks great, Krissy!" Said Timmy. "We were just teasing you. Some people like that smooth-as-a-baby look. But I, for one, like a pudenda that looks like it belongs on an adult."
"TMI!" Yelled Cayleigh.
"I don't know," said Jimmy. "We haven't really seen the whole bush - for all we know you shaved the middle and just left hair on the sides!"
"Goof ball!" Krissy said, kicking water at Jimmy, but for just a moment imagining what it would feel like to expose herself entirely for them to see - just like Kimo had seen: vulnerable, powerful, desired, exposed ... no no no, she thought to herself.
They all laughed at Jimmy's joke. Suddenly Jens asked "Does anybody want to get high?" Everyone turned to look at him.
"What have you got?" Asked Rob.
"I've got a THC vape, and a little coke. I'm brought enough to share!" The crew were not hard-core drug partiers, but they had smoked some pot, and done a little coke together once or twice.
Maybe it was the tequila, maybe it was the warm California night air, maybe it was the joy of being back together, maybe it was the sight of Krissy's pubes, but almost in unison every one of them said "Hell yeah!"
"Coke and water don't mix," said Jens. "Maybe we should dry off and go back into the house?" They all agreed and hopped out of the pool to dry off and pull their shorts and shirts back on over their swimsuits.
They gathered around the coffee table in the living room. Jens poured a little mound of cocaine out of a plastic baggy and used a credit card to cut some of it into six lines - one for each of them. Rob pulled out a twenty-dollar bill and leaned in to snort the first line, and each of the rest of them followed suit. Krissy could feel her heart rate rise the instant the coke hit her nostrils, and she felt a little twinge in her pussy as the dopamine rush slammed into her brain. She hoped they all were feeling the same.
"Oh wow." Said Timmy, "That's good stuff. I can't feel my face!" Everybody laughed again.
The coke brought a different edge to their conversation - everybody talked a little faster, a little more intensely. Their conversation started to flirt around the edges of sex, talking about the boyfriends and girlfriends they'd had in the prior year. Krissy told them all about Joe, how she loved him, and really enjoyed him, but wondered sometimes if he was right for her. "He just doesn't have a wild bone in his body." She lamented.
"And yet you let him stick his wild bone into yours." Quipped Rob, laughing hysterically at his pun.
"Speaking of wild," interjected Jimmy "somehow when the coke came out, the clothing all went back on. Isn't it supposed to work the opposite way?"
Krissy liked where this was going. The irresistible danger of the route they were starting to head down was starting to envelop her. The disinhibition of the cocaine was thrilling. "What to you suggest, Jimmy?" Krissy asked.
"I don't know," Jimmy responded, "how about a friendly game of strip poker?"
"Yes! That is absolutely precisely what we need to do, right now!" Said Rob, who probably wanted nothing more than to see Jens get naked.
Krissy looked around the room. They had never done anything so risqué together before. On the one hand, a coed group of six young adults snorting cocaine, drinking tequila, and playing strip poker could go wrong a plethora of different ways. On the other hand, Krissy felt safe with her crew, she trusted them, she loved them all, and the alcohol and the cocaine combined to make every suggestion seem like a brilliant one.
Everyone else was waiting for the hostess to give her verdict on Jimmy's proposal - "Fuck yeah, I'm good at cards! Prepare to lose - y'all getting' nekkid!" Said Krissy, to the cheers of the rest of the crew.
Before they could begin, they agreed that, in the interest of fairness, everyone needed to start the same number of articles of clothing. Krissy fished out a whole bunch of socks, but that meant that each of the boys all had five articles, and each of the girls six. Timmy suggested that this unfair was sex-discrimination, and the girls should lose one article, so Cayleigh and Krissy each removed one sock, and they all sat down at the dining room table to begin dealing the cards.
Krissy's poker play did not live up to her trash talk. She lost the first three hands in a row, and in no time found herself sitting in nothing but her bikini in front of all her friends. Putting herself on display, in an impossibly tiny bikini, to her four best friends and a Danish guy named Jens, Krissy felt a lot more exposed than she had when walking around naked with Jenny in their dorm room. Always the Psych major, she tried to reconcile the odd senses that she was feeling in the moment (of, what was it? Shame? Maybe?), with the unabashed pride and arousal she had felt when masturbating with her roommate.
Maybe it's the drugs. Krissy thought. And with that revelation, she decided to stop feeling nervous about it. She shifted in her chair, pulling her right foot up to her left knee. This opened up her thighs exposing her hairy vulva (under a narrow string of fabric) to Timmy who was sitting immediately to her right.
"Nice." He said, looking down at her.
"Put your eyes back into your skull, boy. You saw that already." She shot back with a wink.
After that Krissy's luck improved. After several more hands, and another line of coke for everyone, Jimmy and Timmy were both in their swim trunks, Cayleigh was down to her bikini, Jens retained only his jeans and swimsuit, while Rob had lost only his socks. A big pile of their clothing had accumulated on the floor between the dining table and the living room.
With everyone else less clothed, and the additional coke and tequila, Krissy's comfort level had become total. Meanwhile, Timmy was sporting a large and obvious erection in his swim trunks, and Krissy kept teasing him about it. "Do you have a stick I can use to stir my drink, Timmy?" and "Timmy is having a hard time with his cards - very hard." Everybody was laughing and the banter was becoming increasingly bawdy, when Krissy lost another hand.
"Tops or bottoms?" asked Cayleigh. "Bring it on!"
"Ok, just one thing," said Krissy, holding up her hand to silence the group. "Nobody can ever tell Joe about any of this."
"Tell Joe? Never!" said Cayleigh.
"No never!" chimed in everyone else.
"Who is Joe, again?" asked Jens.
"Right answer!" said Krissy.
Krissy didn't feel like standing up. She untied her bikini top and tossed it on the pile. With the false confidence conferred by the coke and the booze, she didn't even care that her best friends of over five years could all see her dark-brown areolas and large hard nipples, which were obviously erect, and belied the cool exterior she was trying to project.
Only because she was sitting down, nobody was aware how wet all the disrobing, drugs, and sex talk had made her. She was confused about feeling so aroused around people who had always been her platonic friends. Part of her brain was telling her she should stop this all now, send everybody home, and go to bed. But the bigger part of her brain was having a blast, and she wanted to see where this would all go. And again, these were her most trusted friends in the world.
"Nice nips, girl!" Said Rob, who simultaneously lost the next hand and peeled off his shirt. "Look! Mine are hard too! Rawr!" He winked at Krissy.
Meanwhile, the sight of Krissy's supple round breasts and hard nipples, directly above the pubes sticking out of her G-string, and mere inches from Timmy's left arm, left Timmy needing to adjust his swim shorts. He stood up, stuck his hand down his pants and repositioned his penis to a more comfortable location. "Excuse me." He said.
"Oh no!" Said Krissy, "Now I can't see it anymore!"
"I didn't know you wanted to," teased Timmy. "I guess you'll just have to beat me at the cards, if that's not too hard." Everybody laughed.
But Krissy's card luck had run out - she lost the next hand. Everybody else had been on edge knowing that she was one item of clothing (barely) away from full nudity, and a cheer erupted around the table.
"Well fuck!" Krissy said.
"Not yet - later." Joked Timmy.
"In your dreams." Krissy teased back.
She stood up on her chair, and hooked her thumbs into the sides of the G-string and started to pull it down, and at that exact instant remembered how wet she had been getting. But it was too late to stop now. As she pulled the G-string down to her knees, a long glistening strand of her juices stretched from her labia down to the G-string, before attaching itself to her left thigh.
"Wow - someone is having fun!" Joked Rob again, always the kidder.
"Is anyone not having fun?" Joked Krissy as she kicked the G-string onto the clothing pile. And then there she stood, on a chair at her dining room table, as naked as the day she was born, her full bush jutting out in front of her, her juices quite obviously running down her thighs, as five of her best friends of all time and a Danish guy name Jens, in various states of undress, looked her up and down with coke-fueled lust in their eyes. It felt exhilarating.
"Right, then. Who needs more drinks?" Krissy broke the spell. "Everyone? Right."
She stepped down from the chair and into the kitchen to grab another bottle of champagne for the table. While she was opening it, Jimmy said "Well I guess the game is over. That sucks!"
"What do you mean it's over?" asked Timmy.
"Well of the hostess is out, we can't very well keep playing without her, can we?" said Jimmy. That point seemed to resonate with the group.
"Wait, what do you mean I'm 'out'? Can't I play anymore?" Asked Krissy as she returned to the table with the champagne, which they all accepted gratefully.
"You're all out of clothes!" Jimmy said to his naked friend. "You've got nothing left to play with."
He had a point. Krissy, standing next to Cayleigh's chair, raised her hand to her chin and pondered the predicament. She leaned forward, pressing her pubis into the edge of the table between Cayleigh and Jens, her pubes spilling onto the top of the table.
"Dares!" Krissy exclaimed. "I can play for dares. Right? If I have the losing hand, the winning hand can give me a dare. That'd work, wouldn't it?"
"Well, we're changing the rules in the middle of the game," said Rob to a round of boos from everybody else at the table. "But that's ok if we all agree!"
"Nice save, ass hole!" Krissy teased. "Any dissenters?" She inquired. "Hearing none, let's proceed!"
(To be continued)