Chapter 14: For Money or Love
"This Chicken Cacciatore looks and tastes wonderful!" said Kelly.
It was Wednesday evening, time for she and Martha to earn their thousand dollars. They were having dinner with Suzi and Marty, the couple from the sex toy store. So far, so good.
"Yes, Marty is a wonderful cook," said Suzi.
"Certainly an added benefit of this gig," Martha said.
"And speaking of benefits, before I forget," Marty slid envelopes across the table, one for Kelly and one for Martha. Given the situation, Kelly thought it would be crass to count the money. She put the envelope into her purse. Martha followed suit.
As they ate, they all passed around their health cards. Martha, Marty, and Suzi had documents from the free clinic. Kelly had a nearly identical document from the clinic on campus. "We donate heavily to the free clinic," said Suzi. "They do such good work."
"Like we went over last time, but for Kelly's benefit," said Martha. "Any preferences? Off limits stuff? Why don't you start, Marty?"
"I don't like my balls touched very much," he said. "Cradling them is fine, but no licking or sucking, thanks. Similarly I don't want any butt stuff, not even analingus, please."
"What?" asked Kelly.
"That's licking his butthole," said Martha.
"Ooh, okay, no problem, Mr... Marty," said Kelly.
"I mean, you can touch it in passing if you're trying to grab onto me. I won't freak out or anything," added Marty. "I quite like it when a woman grabs me by the butt cheeks. Like while I'm fucking her, she grabs me with her hands or legs. But back to the subject. No BDSM stuff for me. No tickling either. That's about it for me, I think."
"I think we can all agree on no BDSM and no tickling," said Martha. Nods all around.
"I've learned I kind of like a spank or two, like when I'm getting it from behind," said Kelly. "I don't mind it."
"I enjoy some light spanking, too," said Suzi.
"You're next, Suzi," said Martha.
"Well," said Suzi. "I like both women and men, just so you know. So Marty's not going to have all the fun tonight. I don't want to do any fisting. I do have some nice big dildos if you want to play with those. Other than that, some things I might not particularly enjoy, but I'm fine with. That's it."
"Kelly, how about you?" asked Martha.
"I probably don't even know half the stuff you guys are familiar with," said Kelly. "I'm good with regular sex, you know, a dick going into my pussy, all different positions is fine. You can touch or suck on my tits. NO butt stuff. I've never done any, and plus, Scott's going to do it. I like sucking dicks, and I like cunnlingless."
"You mean cunnilingus?" asked Suzi.
"Yeah, that," said Kelly. "Oh yes, men and women, like Suzy. So feel free to suck my clitty, Suzi."
"Can't wait," said Suzi.
"Suck on it nice and hard," said Kelly. "As you know, Martha's the best, and she taught me some stuff."
"I'll bet she did," said Suzi.
Kelly continued, "Fingering is good, but no fingers in or near my butt, please. As for any weird stuff, ask, and I'll try to be open-minded. That's it."
"Okay, me," said Martha. "As you all know, I'm a lesbian, nothing personal, Marty."
"None taken," said Marty.
"I don't mind if Marty does things with me, just like last time," said Martha. "Just no face to face stuff, or face to anything of yours, Marty. I'd like to reserve my face for the women, like last time."
"No problem at all," said Marty.
"And I would like some help if Marty is playing with me. Some kissing or face sitting," said Martha. "Yes, and let's leave fisting out of it. It takes real preparation. That's it."
They all rushed through the rest of dinner, either eager to get started or anxious. Suzi rose from the table and collected the dishes. "I'll handle these," she said.
"I'll help," said Martha. They collected the dishes and went into the kitchen.
This left Marty and Kelly staring at each other across the table. They smiled at each other. Kelly whispered, "I never did it at the dining table before." She slid out of her seat under the table. A moment later, she was fumbling with undoing his belt. She said, "I have a rule of no zippers near my blowjobs. I don't know. I have a thing about not ever wanting my face or a man's dong ever caught in a zipper."
"Very sensible and admirable," said Marty, helping her pull his jeans and briefs down to his ankles. "Does Scott know you're doing this?" he asked.
"No, he doesn't," said Kelly. "And if you guys tell him, you're fuckin' dead." Her lips closed around his cock wetly to suck him erect.
The move was threatening and intensely nasty and erotic at the same time. "My lips are sealed," Marty groaned.
-----
The Sirius Cybernetics videos became the talk of the Internet. Business exploded, and Lataa and the whole Sirius Cybernetics team couldn't have been happier. But crowdsourcing is a powerful thing. Within a week, Kelly had been positively identified by certain individuals. A day later, they had confirmed the identities of each of Kelly's costars as well. They kept the information for their own purposes.
The day after that, there was knock on Beth's dorm room door. Who could it be? Had the authorities found out about the illicit video she'd made? Or worse yet, her night with Scott? With trepidation, she opened the door to see who it was. It was an Indian girl only slightly older than herself, pretty, about a head shorter, and just as thin. She knew they had met somewhere. Was she a classmate?
"I don't know if you remember me, but..." the girl said shyly.
"No wait!" said Beth. "You're the girl! From the set! Who did the... how did you find me here?" She hustled the girl into her dorm and shut the door. "How did you find me here?"
"I asked a campus policeman where the famous Kelly Langston lives," said Utsaah. "After some persuasion in a janitor's closet, he did. Then I asked at the front desk what was the room of Beth the friend of Kelly. They told me right here. And your name is on the door, giving me additional confidence."
"Why?" asked Beth, still agitated.
"I realized something only after the shoot, when I could no longer discuss the matter with you. I have deep feelings for you," said Utsaah. "I want to be your girlfriend, and want you to be my girlfriend." She looked deeply and honestly into Beth's eyes, and with great vulnerability.
"You want to be friends?" asked Beth. "Certainly, I'd love to be friends with you."
"Then you have a lover," said Utsaah sadly.
Beth was confused. "No, but what? Oh you mean? With me? And you? Ohh... but you see my parents would never! And it's a sin!"
"Didn't you enjoy being with me?" asked Utsaah.
"Yes," Beth whimpered helplessly. She continued more strongly, "But you are probably a member of some pagan religion, even!"
"I'm a lapsed Hindu, it is true, but no matter," said Utsaah. "We can work out the details." She nuzzled into Beth's chest and ran her hands up the outsides of Beth's thighs. "Please," she begged.
Beth shivered with pleasure and became instantly damp at Utsaah's touch. "But, what about my parents?" she argued.
"If you wish, when they visit, we can say we are roommates," said Utsaah. "This is what I did with my previous girlfriend. Our parents also would have disapproved."
"What happened to your previous girlfriend?" asked Beth.
"She broke up with me when I entered my current line of work," said Utsaah.
"I would never. I would..." then Beth remembered what Utsaah did for a living. "I see."
"Since we met in that context, I hope you'll find it more acceptable," said Utsaah.
"That's not the problem," said Beth. "Even if I lie to my parents, I would still be disobeying my parents and my church."
"Is your life your parents' life? Is it your church's life? Or is it YOUR life?" asked Utsaah intensely.
Beth was frozen with doubt. Utsaah's hands stroked gently up an down her thighs. Up and down.
Beth grabbed Utsaah into a kiss. Thanks to Scott's tutelage, she didn't bang teeth this time. The kiss got wetter and progressively more full of tongues. Utsaah gratefully returned her ardor. "When will your roommate return?" asked Utsaah.
"Julie? She's at band practice for at least the next hour," said Beth.
Utsaah sat Beth down on her bed and knelt between her legs. Within minutes, Beth was at a loss to figure how being Utsaah's girlfriend could possibly be sinful. Utsaah's mouth and tongue were on her all down there like only Utsaah could do. She felt the Lord's blessing and His glory so powerfully, so intensely, and surrendered to it.
Remotely, from so far away, Beth heard the beep of a text message come though her phone. Reluctantly, Utsaah let her up. Shaking with aftershocks, she hunted for her phone. It must be her mother. She always seemed to know whenever Beth was sinning.
The text was from an unknown number. "We know you're the black girl in the Sirius Cybernetics videos. We also know you'd rather keep this a secret from your parents and church community. Meet with us in the men's room in the basement of Eames Hall at 5 PM tomorrow, Tuesday. We can help you keep your secret."
"I'm coming with you," said Utsaah.
"You can't. It said come alone," said Beth.
"I'll wait outside," said Utsaah.
"It's too dangerous," Beth argued.
The matter was left unresolved.
-----
Beth approached Eames Hall from a side entrance and slinked inside. She'd stayed away from her dorm to prevent any possible pursuit by Utsaah. If her sweet Indian princess were to be harmed by her own foolishness, that would be the worst possible thing. She took the stairs down to the basement, waited, and glanced at her phone. At the stroke of 5 PM, she entered the men's room.
Waiting inside were three young white men. The one in the middle she recognized as one of the university's football players. The quarterback perhaps? The other two were bigger than him. The three of them leered openly at her. The quarterback spoke. "Thank you for showing up. It's clear you understand the situation. We have evidence sufficient to convince anyone, parents, a congregation, anyone we chose, that you and your friends are the girls in the video. So it's clear to us that you need our mercy, our protection. And we're willing to give it. If you're nice to us in return."
"What does that mean?" Beth asked uncertainly.
"You know, nice. Attend private parties we invite you to. Drink with us. You know, have fun. It'll all be fun," the quarterback promised.
"I don't drink," said Beth.
"Suit yourself," said the quarterback. "Our girls tend to find it easier to loosen up when they drink. And you will need to be loose, whether you drink or not."
"Loose?" said Beth, shuddering.
"You're not an idiot, Beth," said the quarterback. "You know what I mean by loose."
Beth stood there, speechless. She looked away. Looked at the dirty tiles underfoot.
"Well, now that our arrangement is well understood, it's time to seal the deal, don't you think?" the quarterback offered. He stepped up to her. Breathed his breath on her. Unzipped his fly. "Get on your knees," he ordered.
Utsaah burst into the bathroom and said, "This has gone far enough!"
Beth wheeled around and cried, "No, Utsaah, get away! Run away!" Beth tried to push Utsaah back, but the Indian girl easily slipped past her. Utsaah had a length of cord in her hand.
Utsaah slid a slip knot over the quarterback's neck. In a flash, she had the other end of the cord wrapped around one wrist and one ankle. She pulled and he fell over. She tightened and tied, and he was a neat bundle on the floor, dick hanging out.
The two linebackers approached. She temporarily felled one with a swift kick in the crotch. The other, she used another length of cord to tie both hands and one leg behind his back, all secured to his throat. Once one was tied up, she returned to hogtie the other in a leisurely fashion.
Beth looked on breathlessly in amazement. Utsaah undid the quarterback's belt and pants and pulled his pants down to his knees. She knelt and cradled his testicles in one hand. "I grew up on a horse farm," the Indian girl said calmly. "Whenever a stallion had no common sense, couldn't be tamed, was raping the mares, and so forth, you know what we did?" She got out a switchblade and flicked it open. It looked sharp. The quarterback squeaked in fright. "We cut his balls off. It calmed him right down. Made him a good barnyard citizen."
"No, please, I beg you," whimpered the quarterback. "Have mercy."
"Well, you may not be dumb as a horse," said Utsaah. "I'll give you and your friends, all your friends, not just the three of you, a second chance. Yes, I asked around. I know all about your private parties and the girls you've exploited there. If you and all your friends can demonstrate you can think with your brains instead of your testicles, I won't cut them off. Cease your blackmailing and abuse of women entirely, you and all your friends. Otherwise, as Lord Vishnu is my witness, your balls and the balls of your friends will be forfeit, starting with yours. Do I make myself clear?"
"Perfectly clear," the quarterback croaked.
"Good, then," said Utsaah. She stood up and cut the cord binding the quarterback with her switchblade. She dragged the overwhelmed Beth out of the bathroom.
Word quickly got out around campus that a psycho killer was protecting Kelly and her friends. After that, all teasing of any kind toward Kelly ceased. Word never got out about the three other girls.
(To be continued)