It was late in the season, and we had no intentions of a weekend getaway; after class was canceled, we were too close to the Gorge to pass this up. We enjoyed discovering each other and nature in our early twenties and recently married; Katherine N T was a perfect place to explore.
I stayed in the van while Tim signed us in. The cabin was the furthest back and smallest in the caravan park. After a dusty drive, the lush vegetation here was welcome; we headed directly for the shower block as the sun disappeared.
The cabin was rustic, perfect for this part of the territory; no glass window panes, just curtains. A slight breeze blew through the tattered cloth, flipping them back and forth as I sat on the meager bunk, drying my hair with a towel in my favorite P J's.
Tim stepped in dripping wet, wrapped in his towel, and motioned me closer.
"I spotted a bloke outside hanging around; it looked like the manager; I think he was peeping through the window. If he wants to watch, let's give him something worth watching."
I was mortified, wondering how much he had already seen. I had been nude earlier as I changed, walking around the cabin, unconcerned for quite some time. Tim sat and started caressing me; this was not helping. I was dumbfounded; did he want someone to watch us making love tonight?
I could not believe what was happening; why was my body getting aroused by his touch; it was not something new. My mind wandered about, inspecting each of the windows; nothing. One thing is for sure; these curtains provide ample opportunity for peeping.
"Tim, turn the light out."
"No, I want him to see us."
He turned me about, facing the small window at the end of the bed, just two feet away, raised my top, and started kissing my breasts. I'm sure he could sense my anxiety as he held me to the wall, mere inches away from that small window, nervous as I had ever been. His soft caress and gentle sucking of my nipples were working.
In seconds he had me naked, tossing my favorite flannel away, spreading me, kneeling, and kissing my moist bush, exploring it, teasing me. I was no longer in control; my hormones reigned. Overwhelmed by the unusual circumstance, in some way, I wanted someone to see me naked and sucking him. I threw him back, knelt, and took every inch of him, slurping intensely.
Tim stopped me, laid back on the bed, and pulled me onto him. It felt so exciting, sinking into his waiting hardness as I started to perform lustfully, pouncing up and down, screaming wickedly, knowing I was being observed.
The intensity of our raw untethered sex quickly drew out my orgasm. As my climax began, I tensed up and caterwauled uncontrollably, performing unintentionally; for my husband.
After a day of canoeing in Katherine Gorge the next day, we returned to the park, chatting with the manager before heading to our cabin and the shower block again. I felt so horny standing in my tiny skirt, singlet top, and nothing else, knowing he had seen me naked.
After my shower, I explored behind our cabin; hubby was spot on. The area outside the small window provided a perfect view of our cabin, all of it. From the prints in the dirt and the semen stains on the wall, it seemed to be the voyeur's favorite spot.
Desperate to be watched, my hormones were already revving, knowing dusk was approaching and it would be time for me to be nude again in the cabin. Tim was waiting for me inside, pouring a glass of wine and waiting to see me undress. I turned the light on as darkness approached and slipped out of my P J's.
Between the last two glasses of wine and my raging hormone rush, I was primed, frenziedly seeking the thrill and exuberance of the previous night once again. I got up and walked about, seeking Tim's hands; I needed them on me, my legs; my breasts; my pussy. The ecstasy was becoming insatiable.
He led me to the bed, placing me on all fours as we began our show, my nakedness only mere inches from the open window. Smelling my sex and counting pubic hairs, our outside guest could easily have fingered me through the opening as we performed lustfully for the manager of the Riverview Resort.