I was excited to hear the news that my manager was sending me to a weeklong training session. Currently I don't travel often for business, so I always enjoy the few trips that come my way. I've already realized that frequently, the city one visits on a business trip doesn't really matter too much - often there's not enough free time to get out of the hotel and explore the city. Still, I loved learning that not only was I go to a weeklong training session but that the training was in Coral Gables, just outside of Miami. What a great reprieve this would be from the dreary weather that had settled in over Washington DC for the last few weeks. I decided to take an early flight on the Sunday before the training session so that I could get a little sun and do some sightseeing.
Stepping out of the airport into the warm air and bright sunshine was completely rejuvenating. After getting my rental car and checking into the hotel I headed out to do some exploring. Everywhere I looked the were hot girls walking around in outfits that left little to the imagination. I wondered why I had settled on DC for my career - this part of Florida had an awful lot going for it as far my dick was concerned. I work in the technology field, and I've come to accept that it is not yet a field that has a real high concentrated number of women who look like they've stepped out of a Victoria's Secret catalog. Sadly, I've come to realize that short of being a photographer for the Victoria's Secret catalogs there probably aren't any other jobs with that side benefit. Consequently I was not prepared for the unexpected, stunning beauty who was at the head of the conference room in the hotel. Our instructor for the week was a young woman who had my rapt attention immediately.
She introduced herself as and I could tell she was attractive, but her formal business attire left a fair amount to the imagination. In fact, it seemed like she was sexy as hell but trying very hard to dress so that no one would notice. Her attempt to disguise her hot body was in vain as far as I was concerned. She was pretty young to be the lead instructor for the custom application that was the topic of the training, so I figured one reason she was dressed so professionally was to gain some instant respect. I'm sure she gets tired of having to prove herself week after week to people who think they're being instructed by a drop dead gorgeous brunette who is as young as some of the attendees'. Her professional attire, however, was just slightly off the mark. She had on stylish high heels, stockings, a skirt that wasn't too short, but not very long either, a white silk, somewhat sheer blouse, and an attractive suit coat. She also had on stylish glasses that accentuated her blue eyes. She was the epitome of the "sexy businesswoman" I'd never seen in real life. Suddenly this weeklong session of grueling training on systems modeling and differential equations was looking a lot more interesting.
As it turns out, Jenny knew her stuff inside and out. After the first day of lecture, I had a much better understanding of how the application worked and how much it would benefit my company. Jenny was completely professional the entire day. It was as though she didn't realize how attractive she was and assumed all the male's (and maybe some of the females?) focused attention was because of her articulate explanation of the underlying workings of the application. While that's a possibility it certainly was a secondary reason to me. All I could think about was if she was wearing a wonder bar or if those huge breasts of hers were real. That, and also if I my eyes deceived me when I thought I saw a glimpse of garter holding up one of her stockings through the slit in her skirt
In typical fashion, the hotel's conference room air conditioning was no match for the heat generated by all the computers in front of us, the projector, and all the people. All of the attendees were dressed pretty casually - after all, we were at a training session in Florida! Short sleeved shirts and the like. Poor Jenny was showing signs that the hot room was getting to her. I sensed she was reluctant to remove her jacket. But when she finally did, whoa! What a welcome event. Turns out, the nearly sheer blouse I'd been staring at all day long was sleeveless. Now I had the chance to sneak a peek, on more than one occasion, at her beautiful lacy white bra. And I was finally able to answer my pressing question "real or fake" as I could easily make out natural skin tones through the lace on the side of her bra. Now, with her high heels on, her ample chest, stuck out magically. (I'm not good at guessing this sort of thing, but based on my wife's bra sizes and the size of her breasts, Jenny must have been at least a 38D maybe more.) Silently I thanked the HVAC gods for not having updated the hotel's conference room AC. And so went the rest of the afternoon, me trying hard not to be too obvious that I was checking Jenny and her awesome rack out every chance I had.
Mentally I was completely drained by the end of the first day. Unfortunately this wasn't a trade show event where I could escape to the vendor exhibits for a break. I would be responsible for putting the knowledge I gained from this week's training immediately to use upon returning to work, so I had to be totally focused. Of course staying focused was more difficult than normal with Jenny and her hot body proving to be such a beautiful distraction. At the end of the first day's training session I decided to hit the gym, thinking a little exercise would help clear my mind. After several minutes on the treadmill I was able to forget about all the equations and application instruction of the day. Not surprisingly, my brain quickly filled with thoughts about Jenny...Was she aware of how beautiful she was? Did she know how sheer her blouse was today? Did she purposefully stand just so that the slit in her skirt separated enough to get a good show? Or did she really let her skirt hike up high enough to flash a little garter belt when she was sitting next to me "showing me something?" Did she intend to push her breasts into my arm when she leaned over to show me how to do something during one of the exercises? And finally, where was she now?!? So many questions. Such an easy time on the treadmill as the minutes flew by pondering these delicious questions.
I hit the pool and hot tub after my workout that was just outside of the gym. I was surprised to find several people still out by the pool soaking up the last rays of the day. I was even more surprised to find a few attractive women among the crowd. What were all these people doing here on a Monday evening? I didn't know why they were here, but I can tell you I loved the view. Three young women, maybe spring breakers, were wearing sexy bikinis that left little to the imagination. As I was admiring the view of their hard nipples and hard asses I started wondering how this week would differ if I wasn't married. But I am, and happily so. All this eye candy would just need to become fodder for my active imagination - and I would leave it at that. On the way from the pool back to the locker room I looked through the fitness room windows and saw Jenny. Wow! I think my jaw hit the ground. She had on the hottest work out clothes I've ever seen, a tight light blue lycra leotard over short black spandex shorts. Her glasses were off, her hair was down and her sizeable breasts looked even better squeezed into all that lycra. I suddenly realized I needed to hurry back into the locker room to avoid embarrassing myself - both with my obvious gawking and growing hard-on. As I was about to make a mad dash, Jenny looked out the window and waved to me cheerfully, I was amazed I had the wherewithal to wave back. Hmm, perhaps I would have to change my schedule tomorrow to see if I could still be in the gym if she arrived again.
After dinner I talked to my wife back in my hotel room. Lisa, my wife, is great - she's one of those girls with a natural beauty that attracts double takes from everyone who sees her. Her body is fit and curvy in all the right places. Her legs and ass are probably her best looking features, but her firm tits, and always-pouty lips and long blonde hair make her irresistible to me. She was a cheerleader in high school and hasn't her youthful athletic body at all. She still does aerobics religiously - she says it's a stress reliever. I met Lisa in college and we quickly became inseparable. To think when I first met her I wondered if she would be any good in bed is laughable now. We've been married for a little over four years and I have no complaints. Her demeanor in the bedroom belies her good girl looks. Women who aren't afraid to talk a little dirty during sex have always turned me on, but Lisa has the sluttiest talk imaginable. As you can imagine, with her slutty talk, we also have a long history of enjoying phone sex. To be honest, I'd never done it before I met Lisa. But I was out of town once and she introduced me quickly with fantastic results. When I returned she told me that she had heard the other girls on the cheerleader squad talking about getting their guys off over the phone in high school when they couldn't get together, and she quickly began trying it out. I'm sure that development delighted whoever was on the other end of the phone.
I called my wife once I got back to my room. I was looking forward to another hot exchange before hitting the sack, but instead she asked how things were going. She wanted to know how I liked Coral Gables, if the hotel was nice, how the training was going. Of course I said everything was going great though the first day was pretty grueling. She asked if the instructor knew his stuff. I love having the opportunity to catch my wife with a sexist stereotype, so I said, "Actually she is very knowledgeable. She's definitely an impressive instructor for someone who appears so young."
"Impressive, eh? And what do you mean by that?"
"Well sweetie, you were just asking me if the instructor knew their stuff, so obviously I meant she had an impressive knowledge of the application and excellent skills as an instructor."
Her keen sense wouldn't leave it alone. "Uh huh, and what does this young, impressive instructor look like?"
"More sexist comments, huh?"
"Oh come on, I know you, I'm sure you checked her out, I was just wondering how she stacked up?"
I was in a tricky spot, how honest should I be? While my wife and I are still pretty big flirts when we go out with friends, admitting that when I saw my instructor in her tight workout clothes I thought I was going to cum seemed like it a bit much.
"Actually she does seem pretty attractive, now that you ask."
"Really, now we're getting somewhere. Well, come on, what does she look like?"
"Well, I'd say she's close to our age, so she's got a great youthful look about her, just like you." I thought I knew where Lisa was going with this, but I wanted to make her ask to hear more to make sure I was right.
"Youthful looks, what the fuck does that mean? Now I know this girl is hot. She must have given you quite the hard-on, because you know I want to hear about her, but you're holding back, you almost sound afraid. This girl really does it for you, doesn't she? You're afraid you're going to sound too excited, aren't you baby?"
Bingo.
"Well, let me help you, tell me what she was wearing today, and I now I want all the details."
I stopped holding back, "Lisa, you wouldn't believe this girl, I thought she was pretty hot when I first saw her. Like I said, she's pretty young to be a lead instructor, so I could tell she was trying pretty hard to look professional. And she looked great, but she didn't quite pull off the mature businesswoman look."
"Jesus, enough already with the prelude."
"Okay, okay, she had on very nice high heels, not clubby, but definitely higher than normal business shoes. Stockings that made her legs look hot as hell. A skirt that wasn't as long as you might expect to see at the office. But then, the best part, she had on a white blouse that was more sheer than I imagine she realized, and a suit jacket."
"Mmm, sounds nice, but there must be more."
"Well, she's really quite attractive, she's got a great face, dark hair that she was wearing up, and sexy little glasses."
"Uh huh."
"Okay, her tits, Lisa are amazing. Big and firm, the kind I've always loved and know you've admired too. And with her heels on her ass and tits were looking so fine."
"Oh baby, she sounds really sexy, did she get you hard?"
Now, I should say, that Lisa has always been very amused by my fascination of girl girl sex. What can I say, I'm just a guy, and the idea of two hot chicks getting it on gets me off. I know I'm not the only one. Lisa knows this and invariably uses it to really get me going. "Well, I was in a training session, so it's not like I could really whip it out and start stroking, like I am now."
"Baby, I've got my skirt pulled up just hearing about this girl, so I know she had to have had some effect on you."
"Oh yeah. Well, the training room got pretty hot - it happens all the time. Too many computers and people in a space that wasn't ever designed to handle it. Anyway, I could tell Jenny was a bit hesitant, but she decided her outfit was just too warm, so she took off her jacket. Lisa, her sheer blouse was sleeveless! So now, in addition to the sheerness, I had a great look at the prettiest lace bra holding some mighty special tits."
"Oh yeah, you must have been dying. Your such a tit man, your dick must have been hard all day."
"Sweetie, you haven't heard the half of it. I'm surprised you haven't asked how I knew she had stockings on, you know, instead of panythose..."
"I didn't think you knew the difference." She chuckled.
"Well, I do, and I'll tell you, during one of the exercises she came over to see how I was doing. As she was sitting next to me her skirt hiked up high enough and the slit separated so that I could see her garters. How fucking sexy is that? Who goes to work like that? Then, another time, she was leaning over and I felt her big tits pushing into me - I don't know if she was doing it on purpose or if she just couldn't help it."
"She sounds like a little slut who knew exactly what she was doing. She must have loved getting you hard. I just can't believe how much you fell for her little innocent routine."
"I don't know, if she was doing it on purpose she wasn't very obvious it. Lisa, I saw her in the gym later. Holy shit, if you've drawn a sexy picture of this hottie in your head now, you should have seen her in her workout clothes. Her body is smokin' hot. Her long legs, tight ass, awesome tits - she waved to me as I walked by the windows and I thought I might cum in my bathing suit."
"Oh my god, that sounds so fucking hot. Baby I'm so wet listening to you talk about this little slut."
"She's so damn hot."
"She's not there with you now, is she?"
"Come on, sweetie, you know I'd never cheat on you."
"Yeah...everything but, right? Tell me, what would you do with her if we weren't married and she was right there with you."
"Oh god, that makes my cock pulse just thinking about it. I'll tell you, I would eat her pussy until she came and then I'd eat her some more. She has the kind of beauty you just can't help but worship, and I'd start my worship service at her hot, wet pussy. Oh baby, my dick is so hard."
"My pussy is so wet, god, I'm playing with my clit listening to you. Keep going baby, you've got me so damn close to cumming."
"Well, then, once she couldn't take cumming any more, I'd move up and suck on those heavenly tits. I wouldn't be able to wait long before sticking my cock in her hot pussy. Oh yeah, I know that would be so sweet. I'd want to take my time, but I know I wouldn't be able to resist exploding in her before too long."
"Oh baby I'm cumming..."
"Ugh, me too."
"Wow, I can't wait to hear how tomorrow goes, goodnight."
"You're the best sweetheart, bye."
The next day Jenny treated us all to another hotter-than-hot business girl outfit. Actually, it was pretty similar to the previous day's outfit, seems Jenny clearly has a thing for the heels, stockings, skirt, tight blouse look. Again she started the day's session with a suit jacket on, and I was hoping the hotel hadn't been able to get anybody to solve the AC problem from the day before. There was a bit less lecture time this day, more hands on time to become familiar with the application. Of course this also meant more chances for Jenny to come by each of us and see how things were going. The first few times she came by she didn't sit down, so I didn't get the garter belt flash I did the day before, but every time I did have those wonderful breasts pressed against my arm or back - much more than the day before. Plus, I noticed for the first time that she was wearing perfume of a heavenly scent. I imagine she had the same perfume on yesterday but I just never noticed. The environment was not too good to be flirty, and besides, I really needed to learn this application. But my dick was aroused all day long. Whenever I could, I would check her out to see if I caught more sexy poses. In the afternoon when the room was again stifling hot, the jacket came off. And I'll be goddamned if she wasn't wearing another sleeveless blouse. Is it just me, or are these one of the sexier things women can get away with wearing in an office environment. As she came by in the afternoon, I couldn't help but think she was purposefully positioning herself so that I I had easy access to out today's lacy bra selection - red -- through the buttons of her blouse, or the side of her shirt. But if that was the case, she never let on. She was professional to a tee. And though we had developed a good repartee, I figured the flirty poses were more wishful thinking on my part.
Again, I was totally spent at the end of the day. Today however, I decided to check my voice mail from work and respond to emails I was hopeful that getting to the gym a little bit later might put me there the same time Jenny showed up. I was halfway through my workout, and beginning to chuckle at how silly my little plan was. After all, I had no idea what other obligations she had this week. But then, the door opened and I can honestly say my heart rate surged - honest, so said the exercise machine. She had on the same outfit as the day before, and seeing her in it up close and personal made me think I'd died and gone to heaven. We exchanged hellos. She asked if I thought the training was going well. If only she knew. I tried to be subtle, but I'm telling you, she just had a body that didn't lend itself well to subtlety. I finished my workout and she was still going strong. Instead of staying and making a gawking fool out of myself, I decided to hit the pool again. I mentioned that the view from the pool deck - the gym and pool facilities were on an upper floor - was fantastic and she should check it out, but apparently she had other plans. It was disappointing, but seeing her hot body up close in her lycra outfit had me pretty worked up. And when I was telling her about the view from the pool, the only view I was noticing was of her deep cleavage and hard nipples that were on display. Once again, I called my wife that night from my room.
"So, did you fuck her?"
"Hello to you too."
"Come on, I want to hear the details, I assume the training is going fine."
"Yeah, it's actually going well. Lisa, she had on basically the same kind of outfit again today. This girl is undeniably hot."
"Did she flash her panties at you today, or was she still just good enough to get you to see her garters?"
"Oh god, how I wish I saw her panties, but no, can't say I got that lucky. But there was a lot of breast mashing against my arm and back while she helped me."
"Helped you with your hard-on you mean?"
"You said it, but I'm telling you, I really don't think she's doing it on purpose. She is very professional - not a wink, or lengthy smile, nothing."
"She's playing you for a fool."
"She happened to come into the gym while I was there tonight..."
"Oh, just a coincidence, huh?"
Busted again. "Well, you know I like to work out at the end of the day, apparently she does too. Geez, jealous much."
"Not at all, I just want to hear how that went."
"She had that same outfit on, at least I think it was the same. Oh my, up close I couldn't believe how tight her body is. The cleavage she was displaying was such a turn on. I'm telling you, the heart rate monitor on my machine told me I got a lot better work out after she arrived."
"I trust you're giving your cock a good work out right now. So tell me, you think I would like her?"
"Oh definitely, how could you not? I'm telling you, this girl is not like most others, she has a look that just exudes sexuality. Like you."
"Except she has bigger tits."
"Right, well, and she has dark hair instead of blonde hair like yours."
"She sounds nice. Maybe she would be the one, the one with whom I'd finally take plunge."
Now, I've already mentioned that nothing does it for me quite like the girl girl topic. On top of that, to think that my wife would ever treat me to a show is more than I can handle. "Oh, that would be incredible to see you two together."
"Yeah, well hearing about how slyly slutty this girl is has got me pretty worked up. I've got my pussy spread right now with one hand while I'm rub my clit with my other hand. Can you picture me doing that baby? Does it make you hard to know your description of this little slut has gotten me so turned on? God, I'm so damn wet, maybe this girl would be the one I'd take the plunge with. I wonder if she'd lick my pussy for me? Do you think so?"
"Oh yeah, yeah, you know how to get me so fucking hot. Yeah, I'm sure she would."
"Is your cock nice and hard? Are you stroking that wonderful cock thinking about your hot instructor licking my pussy."
"Oh yeah, I'm so close."
"Me too, I was just thinking that it wouldn't be fair if I had all the fun when I was with her, I'd have to lick her pussy too. Do you think she'd like that, having me between her legs licking her hot pussy."
"Oh god baby, I'm cumming."
"Goodnight sweetie, have another good day hard at work tomorrow."
The double entendre was not lost on me.
Wednesday I noticed that Jenny didn't even bother with a suit jacket. Unfortunately, her wardrobe did not consist only of sleeveless, silk blouses, as I'd so enjoyed the previous two days. The heels, stockings, skirt part of the ensemble was still going strong, but today her skirt was slightly shorter than the previous days (I guess to offset the short sleeves found on today's shirt). Damn she really tried hard to maintain a professional image. At this point in the week, the training was basically whole days for individual work time. Everyone there had real world scenarios they had to address with this application when they got home, so the chance to get a head start, with personalized instruction and assistance was perfect. There were a few brief lectures that Jenny gave throughout the day, but mostly it was just a heads down work day. I was making some solid progress when Jenny stopped by to see how things were going. Well, well, well, I didn't notice until just then that the shorter skirt had a MUCH longer slit in it then any of the others. She sat down with practiced skill so that her skirt hiked up high enough, and the slit allowed me to catch my first glimpse of heaven. This girl had a thing for lacy lingerie, and now I knew it wasn't just bras, but panties as well. Again, she gave absolutely no acknowledgement that she was giving me another raging hard on. She looked at my work and seemed genuinely impressed. I was psyched. It really wasn't a great environment for small talk, with everyone else so close by, but she managed to ask if I was still impressed with the view from the pool last night. I said it could be better, thinking this might be the break in the ice I was looking for, but nope, she just said that was too bad - not arrogantly, or anything, just matter of factly and then moved on to the next student. Damn, I was confused and didn't know what the hell to think. I knew what wanted I wanted to think. I wanted to think that this sexy woman was purposefully teasing me and wanted nothing more than to suck my cock before I fucked her. Unfortunately that didn't seem to be what she had in mind.
Nonetheless, I went to the gym a little later, as I had the day before. Sure enough, within about ten minutes Jenny showed up. She promised that she washed her work out clothes each night, and hoped I wasn't disgusted by seeing her in the same thing each day. I chuckled. I told her I didn't mind in the least. And we settled into some more banter while we went about our workouts. Again, I finished before her and asked her if she was interested today in enjoying the view outside by the pool. She told me she hadn't thought to bring her bathing suit this week, so she'd have to take my word for it. I was prepared for her turning me down again, so I tried something completely different. Maybe, I reasoned, if she really was a professional woman through and through, perhaps she wouldn't be able to turn down a request from a student for some extra help. So I said, "Please don't think I'm being rude, intruding on your evening plans, but I was wondering if perhaps I couldn't treat you to dinner." She smiled. "You see, it's actually for my benefit (if only she knew in what way), I've been having a hard time understanding one aspect of the application, and I thought I might steal a bit of your time." Her eyes lit up. Bingo I thought. She said I was in luck, she usually tried to get together with college friends and the like when she traveled to different cities, but didn't have plans for tonight. We made plans to meet at a nearby restaurant.
I was so excited about the thought of spending some solo time with her, that I think I walked the whole way back to my room oblivious to the big pole tenting my shorts. I got ready quickly, and headed down to the bar, where we had agreed to meet. I threw back a Tanqueray and Tonic and hoped for....what the hell was I hoping for? I was happily married, but this girl was so damn hot. Certainly some innocent flirting wouldn't jeopardize my marriage. In fact, Lisa seemed to be enjoying hearing about her as much as I enjoyed capturing images of her in my mind to share. Jenny arrived in an outfit that clearly redefined sexy casual. Her ample cleavage peered from between the top of a row of dainty buttons straining to hold her top together. Her skirt - what else? - was noticeably shorter than the day's versions. Wow. I asked if she wanted a cocktail, but she said she'd rather get right to the restaurant. She asked if I'd brought any notes to help clarify my question. Hmm, was my little plan going to backfire? I stammered for a second and she started laughing. She said she figured I hadn't.
So here we were, two folks both on expense accounts at a moderately priced restaurant. I think you probably know what that means, yep, LOTS of wine with dinner. So, we actually did talk about the application. Hell, we could have talked about Eskimos for all I cared. Jenny was smoking hot, frankly looking even sexier now then in her workout clothes earlier, and I was having dinner with her. About halfway through dinner, after I actually had gained some better understanding of the application (for what that's worth), the conversation took a turn - and a dramatic one at that. Jenny touched my ring and asked me what my wife would think of me having dinner with her at a little Italian restaurant with lots and lots of wine.
"Well, I know she realizes how important this training is to my future assignment with my company, so I'm sure she'd be thrilled to know I had a chance to get some extra help."
"Uh huh, so you're saying you won't be mentioning all the wine. Or the fact that you seem to find it awfully difficult to look me in the eyes."
Busted. I looked up, she was smiling. Things were about to take a wild turn.
"It's okay, I've long since realized the effect I have on some guys."
"And some women I would imagine." I thoughtfully added.
"Hey now, let's move on. So you don't think your wife would mind you being here?"
"What, an innocent dinner? What's there to mind?"
"Well what do you think she'd say if she knew how much you wanted to see my tits, or at least I'm guessing you want to see them from how much you look at them."
Now it was my turn to be a bit shocked, wow, a little wine and a whole new side to Jenny.
"I know you want to see them. Hell you've been looking at them every second you could. I'm frankly amazed you know anything about the application, trying to look through my shirts, checking out my legs, looking at my ass when I'm writing on the white board. The lust in your eyes has been unstoppable."
"Listen, I'm very sorry, you're right..."
"Don't apologize - unless you want me to get up and leave."
"What?"
"I love it! I love it when you check me out. In fact I love it when I look out over the class and see that same lustful look in everyone's eyes. I was in high school when I realized how much it turns me on to see that lust in people's eyes."
I felt like I was in a teen movie, I mean, who has ever heard this from someone, much less a walking wet dream?
"Well, I really don't know what to say..."
"You really don't need to say a damn thing, just watch."
And with that, she started playing with the top button of her shirt. This button had it tough already, straining as hard as it was to keep her shirt together across the acres of cleavage, now that she was playing with it I didn't think it stood a chance. Sure enough, she unbuttoned it. I now had an even better look at yet another super sexy lacy bra. And even more cleavage. I could hear people chatting all around us - I wondered why everyone in the place wasn't speechless, like me. I hoped that no one realized what Jenny was up to. But with her intense beauty it seemed improbable no one else was checking her out. But maybe that's what she was looking for. Pop, another button opened.
"You like?"
"Oh my god, you're so beautiful, but, but should we really be doing this here?"
"Doing what?" As she provocatively slowly pulled one side of her shirt open for me - just for me.
And so it went, how long, I couldn't even begin to guess. She finally stopped playing with her shirt long enough to ask me what I thought my wife would think now.
"I have no idea, to be honest. She knows I'm a big flirt, so I suppose it's okay." I wasn't even convincing myself with that.
"Oh good, because I'm not quite through."
We were seated on the same of a curved bench on one side of a small side table backing up to the wall. It was an intimate space, but I quickly realized it would serve well for some privacy for Jenny's new focus, her skirt. She shifted slightly, and suddenly I had a great view of her tiny matching lace thong. I was trying to listen to whatever she was saying, but I was having no luck. She asked me what I'd like to do, to her. I told her I would do anything she wanted me to. I replayed part of the conversation I had with my wife, "Well, I'd love to get between your legs and make you as happy as humanly possible."
"What the fuck does that mean? Do you mean you want to lick my pussy for me? This pussy?" as she pulled her thong to the side.
I was speechless. "What about my tits? I really had you pegged as more of a tit man."
As she once again pulled her shirt to the side. I was about to cum in my pants, and frankly, I think she must have known this. As quickly as this change in conversation began, it seemed to end.
"Come on, let's get out of here."
As we walked back to the hotel, I was wondering what to do. Would I cheat on my wife? Would she ever forgive me? But my questioning was cut short as Jenny told me she had to get to sleep to be ready for class tomorrow. What? Well, at least I would have a helluva story for my wife. Unfortunately I decided it was too late to call her. I quickly took matters into my own hand and was off to sleep, dreaming of tomorrow.
Day 4, the last full day training session for this week. Jenny's outfit was completely professional, again, well, sexy as hell but still professional. This day was entirely hands on - the computer. Jenny was great at working with everyone to make sure people would feel comfortable using the application when they got back home. Her demeanor with me, however was as though the night before never took place. She acted exactly the same to me as she had any other day. Truly, if I the images of her tits and pussy hadn't seared themselves in my brain, I would have wondered if it actually happened based on her actions. I did notice that when she worked with me this day, however, she invariably pressed her breasts into me. It was obvious she knew she had to be subtle - much more so then I could have ever pulled off. But it was unmistakable, my wife was right, she was playing with me. When she sat down next to me, her skirt was slit up to her panties. She was so skilled with her body, however, that no one thought to look, and even if they did, she had positioned herself in such a way that I don't think anyone else would have been able to see. What a crazy day. I actually wasn't able to get as much done as I had the other days. All I could think about was trying to get Jenny to go out to dinner again. When I met her in the gym again, I asked if she again wanted to go out to dinner. She laughed this time, and said she had other plans. As I was leaving the gym headed to the pool, I said goodbye. She asked why I didn't invite her to enjoy the view from the pool.
"Well, you said you forgot to bring your suit."
"That was yesterday, I went out at lunchtime and got something I think you'll enjoy. I'll meet you out there."
When Jenny walked out to the pool, conversations around the pool stopped. She had on a bikini that left nothing to the imagination. I don't know if the shop she ran out to at lunch only carried size small, but whatever, her breasts were nearly spilling out of her top. In fact, except for her nipples, her breasts were simply not in her top. And her bottom, looked more revealing then a thong. She came over to where I was hanging onto the side of the pool and sat down next to me. I was glad I was in the pool in order to hide my instant erection. She sat down next to me with her feet in the water. I was now eye to eye with her pussy. Again, in a move that I can only imagine was practiced, she was able to move her bottom aside just enough so I could finally see perfect pussy. I couldn't believe it. I asked if she wanted to come in, hoping I might get a chance to feel that pussy myself, but she said she could only stay another minute or two before she had to get off to her dinner date. She managed to work a finger into her pussy without drawing any extra eyes from the few remaining folks around the pool. Oh to be her finger. I asked if I could lend a hand. But a moment later she pulled her finger out and put the same finger into my mouth and licked her lips. She said she had to get going. Holy crap. I was torn between whipping my cock out in the pool, or running back to my room with my raging hard on...and then whipping it out. Fortunately, I decided to get back to my room. I called my wife, so much to tell her, assuming she was still game.
"I missed you last night."
"I know, sorry about that. I had a late dinner."
"Oh really, were you eating pussy by any chance?"
"Come on, you know I'd never cheat on you."
"So you say, but from the way you've described the days of this week so far, I'm not so sure anymore."
"Well, I can assure you nothing's happened, well, actually, you wouldn't believe what's just happened."
I continued to tell Lisa about the unbelievable scene Jenny put on for me at dinner the night before, and explained why I didn't call her the night before.
"Holy shit, are you serious? Well, I guess I had the right read on this girl huh? I've got my hand on my pussy right now. I can't believe someone would show themselves off like that to someone who's essentially a stranger."
Then I told her what had just happened at the pool.
"So you're telling me you tasted her pussy? You've got the taste of her pussy on your tongue right now? Holy shit, what did she taste like?"
"Perfection."
"Have you already cum? Are did you wait for me to cum with you?"
"Baby I called you as soon as I walked in the door and I've been stroking my cock the whole time."
"I don't blame you baby, I don't know how you managed to hold off, this girl sounds like such a hot fucking slut. Goddamn. Incredible, I need to get you home to fuck me good and hard. All this sex talk and teasing this week has left me totally horny. Uh, uh, goddamn!"
Lisa came, and so did I. Sadly I didn't feel as relieved as normal. I went to dinner and came back to the room. With my daily call to my wife behind me, I figured I'd catch a little TV before getting to sleep. The phone rang and I wondered if something was wrong.
"Hello?"
"Is your dick still hard?"
Nope, it wasn't Lisa, it was Jenny!
"Uh, it is now."
"Did you call your wife?"
"Yep, I told her things were really going well."
"Oh yeah, best training session ever? Guess you didn't mention our get togethers, eh?"
"Actually, I did. I told her everything, how you unbuttoned your top last night, pulled your panties aside, met me out at the pool this afternoon, and let me taste your pussy - albeit indirectly."
"Is that so, wow, your wife is a keeper. Did she throw your things out the window while you were on the phone, or is she going to wait until you're back?"
"Actually, she told me she had one hand spreading her pussy, and the other rubbing her clit. She couldn't believe you would show yourself off, and frankly, I think she got turned on. In fact, she knows I get turned on by thinking about girl girl sex, so she asked if I thought she would like you. I told her there was no way she wouldn't have the hots for you. She thinks you might be the one to finally break down her willpower."
"Oh my god, this is unexpected, tell me more. Are you playing with yourself again? God I wish I could take your cock in my mouth right this second."
"What room are you in?"
"Never mind, tell me more about your wife's reaction."
"She asked me what I would do to you, and of course I said I would eat your pussy forever - I think I mentioned to you the other night. When I told her how good you're pussy looked - and tasted - she told me she'd eat you out."
"Oh damn, keep going."
"She thought you might have to eat her pussy too. While I watched, or fucked one of you, I'm not really sure."
"Uh, uh, uh, yes, yes! I've got to get some sleep. But I knew calling you was the right thing to do. Good night."
Holy shit, I couldn't believe what had just happened.
The last day of these weeklong sessions is always a bit out of sync with the rest of the week. At least that's been my experience. Everyone realizes they're going to be on their own in their offices next week without the assistance of Jenny and others in the class. So there's a feeling of anxiety as everyone gets in their last minute questions. Jenny was again, completely up for the challenge. She deftly handled all the questions and told everyone they would do great. She offered contact information in case anyone got in a huge jam. I wonder how many guys, or gals, called her hoping for just a bit more? She told me I had done a great job and that she thought I had really gotten the most out of the training of anyone she'd had. I simply could not have agreed more.
On the flight back home, I thought about what had happened during the week. I wondered if things would be okay with my wife when I actually saw her today, or if she might have decided that things had gotten a little out of hand. True, I never cheated on her with Jenny, but in some ways the time I spent with Jenny was even more erotic then if I had. Turns out, my concerns were unwarranted. Lisa practically ripped my shirt off my body when I walked in. I guess she wasn't kidding when she said she wanted me home. She started right in with her slutty talk. She told me to sit on the bed and watch. She pulled her skirt up, pulled her panties aside and started playing with her pussy. Frankly, it seemed like she was already wet, and she soon had herself worked up to a fevered pitch. She took her finger out of her pussy and put in my mouth.
"Remind you of anything honey?"
Meanwhile, she had unbuttoned her shirt and had on one of her own lacy bras. The effect wasn't exactly the same as what Jenny had been able to pull of, but I love my wife and she looked damn sexy.
"I know you wanted to fuck Jenny, I want you to pretend I'm her. I want to see and feel just how badly you wanted her this week. So fuck me now."
I went down on Lisa and ate her pussy until my jaw began aching. I then sucked on her tits, her breasts were not as large as Jenny's, but they were sizeable nonetheless and perfect to me, and her nipples were rock hard. All the while, she kept up her slutty talk. "Yeah, baby, suck my pussy. My pussy is so goddamn wet, I've been thinking about having your tongue in me all week. Yeah, spread my pussy wide and fuck me with your tongue. Fuck me like you'd fuck that little slut who took every chance she could to rub her tits on your arm, who spread her legs for you whenever she had the chance. That little fuck slut who I'm sure wanted your cock so bad. Yeah, that nasty little slut who pulled her panties aside in a restaurant for you to watch while she played with herself. Who wanted everyone in that little restaurant to see her sexy tits in her lacy bra. I wonder how she managed to hold herself back from pulling your hard cock out and sitting down on you right there in the restaurant. What a nasty girl to finger herself by the pool and let you taste how hot and wet her pussy was. Yeah baby, fuck me hard. I need you to fuck my pussy hard and fast right now."
Needless to say, once I got started pounding her pussy I didn't last too long.
My wife and I would occasionally work conversations of Jenny into our sex lives, but really, we have always had great a sex life, and have no shortage of fantasies to help keep things interesting. Still, I would sometimes reflect on that week in Florida and shake my head in disbelief. As sexy as my wife is, and as slutty as she acts when we're alone - never had I met, or even heard about a woman in real life who got off on showing herself off. A couple of months later I arrived home from work to hear my wife talking on the phone. She sounded pretty excited talking on the phone, and when she hung up she was even more excited to tell me that a friend of hers from high school was in town and had asked if we could all get together for dinner or drinks. Yuck. I hate these reunions with people I've never actually met. No matter how great my wife's friends are, it doesn't change the fact that I'm not going to have any memories or stories to share. But, compromises are the key to happy marriages, or so I've been told. We headed out to one of the many restaurants in Georgetown. Why do people from out of town visiting Washington always think Georgetown is the exciting place to go to in the evening? Anyway, turns out her friend was staying at The Four Seasons which is right on the edge of Georgetown, so it was just a convenient place to meet.
When we walked into the restaurant I was greeted by high pitched, super loud "Hi!"
"Hi! How's it going?"
As my wife stepped back from the big, long hug she'd just given someone, I nearly lost my stomach. Yep, Lisa's friend from high school was Jenny. Normally I'm fascinated by "small world" moments like this one, but this was almost too much for me to handle.
"...is my husband Jack."
"I can't believe it."
"Hi, how are things going." I wondered if Jenny would want to pretend that she didn't know me - that's kind of what I was hoping for. No dice.
"How's your project going? Or did you finish it already?"
"You two know each other?"
"Yeah, I was Jack's instructor a while back."
"OH MY GOD! You're kidding me. I heard all about it."
"I know you naughty slut, Jack told me you guy's were having fun with me while we were there. If I'd realized he had married such a huge slut like you Lisa I would have fucked him every night."
"Hey! I'm not a big slut, I'm just very comfortable sexually, but geez, it's not like I'd unbutton my top, or finger my pussy and shove it in some guy I'd just met's mouth - you slut."
All the while Lisa and Jenny were hugging, shoving, playfully touching each other like they'd been best friends forever. Dinner turned out to be great. I couldn't believe there was no awkwardness, if anything, it was a little awkward to hear my wife engaging in non-stop risqué talk in the restaurant. I was more than used to her saying all kinds of things in our bedroom, but she rarely did so in public. After a great meal, we had a cocktail, but Jenny said she really needed to get some rest for her work tomorrow. It was Tuesday night, unfortunately Lisa has a lecture series on Wednesdays, but we agreed to get together on Thursday before Jenny had to fly home on Friday. The whole car ride home Lisa couldn't get over the fact that Jenny was my instructor in Florida.
"Oh my god, what a slut Jenny is - she hasn't change a bit."
"How come I never heard about this good friend of yours before?"
"High school, sweetie. She was just a high school friend. We were on the cheerleading squad together. That's all."
"That's all? Seems like you guys were pretty good teammates, judging by the way you guys were acting tonight."
"Well, normally, I don't think you would have believed me if I told you how she acted back then. She was such an exhibitionist, and a complete slut to boot, though she acted just like she did with you in Florida - always the good girl. I mean, come on, we were just girls, we had good bodies, everyone was always checking us out. It was a fun environment. But Jenny, she would give the pope a hard-on, and she knew it. She acted just the way you described her acting in Florida she would sit just so with her damn short skirts, and a few people - students, teachers, whatever, would be able to see her panties. Or she'd lean just so, and you knew the teacher was able to get an eyeful of her huge tits. She was just unstoppable. She told me how much it excited her, and just being around her was kind of a turn on. Lust was always near at hand when I would hang out with Jenny. Hell, even I thought she was hot."
"Hmm, tell me more."
"I think that's probably enough for now." she said as we got home.
The night of sex was memorable.
Wednesday night Lisa had left for her lecture before I got home from work. I took advantage of the empty house to enjoy a beer and watch some baseball on TV - a sport Lisa has no interest in whatsoever. At some point the phone rang, it was Jenny.
"Hey Jenny, wow, small world, huh? Lisa isn't back from her lecture yet." I checked my watch and figured she should be back pretty soon.
"I didn't call for Lisa, silly. Did I make you hard again last night Jack? Did you and Jenny fuck like rabbits when you got back? Am I making you hard again right now? Maybe not yet, right, because I haven't told you what I'm wearing. Guess what, I'm not wearing a skirt. Are you surprised? I do have on stockings though, and my garters, but no panties. In fact, I'm not even wearing the lacy bra I know you love so much - it's here on the bed next to me. I'm just here rubbing my clit thinking about all the fun we've had."
"Huh, well, I'm hard now. But I don't really know if we should be doing this. I mean, it's getting a little weird."
"You know you can't resist me, so why are you questioning this. Hell, we're not even in the same room. But god how I wish we were. I'd push your head down between my legs so fast your neck would be sore. In fact, when I'm on the road I often think about getting your hot tongue in my pussy. Lisa told me last night how good you are - and I know coming from her that that's quite a compliment."
Hmm, what the hell did that mean, I wondered.
"Did you know Lisa and I used to spend a lot of time together?"
"Yeah, she mentioned you guys were friends on the cheerleading team, sounds like you realized early how much you enjoyed showing off your hot body way back in school."
"Oh, is that all she told you, hmm, what's gotten into her I wonder."
"What do you mean?"
"Oh come on, haven't you ever wondered what some of the girls on an athletic team who seem particularly close do in their free time? Sweetie, Lisa was my little love toy in high school. She and I were inseparable. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't all give and no take. We each spend hours licking each other and getting each other off. It was one of the easiest things to pull off in high school - no teachers or our parents ever questioned all the time we spent together - to everyone else we were just good friends. Mmm, if only they knew what good friends we really were. There were five of us on the squad who would invariably end up naked at someone's house each weekend. High school guys just couldn't hold a candle to the love that we gave one another. I can't believe Lisa never mentioned this. We all had boyfriends, so it's not like hearing she was married surprised me, but I knew you must really know how to take care of her - she was insatiable."
"Wow, that's quite a bit to take in, but I've got to tell you, my cock has never been harder than it is right now. The thought of you two being together is almost overwhelming."
"Oh yeah, we once put on a show for our boyfriends. We figured it would be a great treat for them and they'd fuck us for hours. Boy did we have that wrong. Lisa and I started kissing and sucking on each other's tits and both guys blew their loads. So, while we waited for them to get ready for some real action, we got caught up 69ing each other. God, Lisa's pussy was always so wet. Does she still get soaking wet for you Jack? Anyway, the goddamn guys came again. They didn't even think to try to get inside us. They were spent, but just kept watching. At this point Lisa and I were in our own world, so we just kept on licking and sucking for hours. I don't even know what eventually happened to those guys, but I'm sure that memory is seared into their brains."
"Oh god, I'm cumming, yes, I'm cumming. Oh god, you're such a nasty girl Jenny."
"Oh baby, I'm cumming too. Damn that was so good. See you tomorrow night."
I fell pleasantly to sleep before Lisa got home that night.
The next night Lisa was dressed to the nines. I mean, it was Thursday not a Friday or Saturday night, but she looked like she was ready for a night of serious clubbing - not dinner with an old high school friend. I was hard just watching her put on the finishing touches, but I couldn't help but ask if maybe she dressed a little too sexy for dinner. She told me not to worry, she just felt like looking a little sexy. A little sexy? She looked like a high class call girl - sexy as hell in a nearly all white outfit. White heels, stockings, a tiny little white skirt with buckles up the side, and a white blouse and white leather coat. Frankly, I didn't even realize she owned this all white outfit. And she was not the sort of person who normally bothered with stockings and garters, so I was a little surprised by that touch. We were meeting Jenny at the restaurant at her hotel, as she had said she would need to turn in early tonight. When we walked into the restaurant, Jenny was already there. She was dressed in an almost identical outfit to Lisa's, except all in black. I quickly thought maybe the girls had spoken since Tuesday night's outing. I struggled to participate in the conversation. If anything, it was even more sexual then the other night. Still no stories about the two of them together - or Lisa with any of the other girls from her cheerleading days, but endless stories about the incredible teasing they inflicted on their teachers and friends. I was just way too distracted by the awesome beauty the two girls in their contrasting outfits presented. Dinner was over way too soon. I think a button or two had come open on both girls shirts- again, this was something I'd almost come to expect from Jenny, but was not something I was used to seeing with my "good girl" Lisa. The girls were sitting on the same side of the table, so all night long I was enjoying Jenny's tremendous cleavage and Lisa's sexy as hell lips. After dinner I came around to help them get up from the chairs. When they realized that I was coming around the table to help them, I was treated to a fleeting glimpse of both their panties. Seems as though both girls skirts - such as they were - had hiked up during dinner. Both were quick to adjust them as I came around the table. Had they been playing with each other during dinner? Could I have been so lost in staring at them, almost mesmerized by the beauty in front of me, that I had missed that? Nah, couldn't have happened.
Jenny asked if we wanted a cocktail in her room before heading out, she said she had picked up something for dessert that she thought we'd all enjoy. Lisa and I enthusiastically said yes. Jenny opened the door to her room and headed in with Lisa right behind her. I turned around to make sure the door was closed, when I turned back around I couldn't believe my eyes. Jenny had her tiny skirt lifted up to her waist with one hand. With the other she was playing with the sexiest panties I'd ever seen. Delicate white lace - contrasting tremendously with her otherwise all black outfit.
"You like?" she asked. "I picked these up special, I guess when I said I'd picked up something special for dessert I should have been clearer, the panties aren't really for dessert, my pussy is. You ready Jack?"
I looked at Lisa, who already had a hand under her skirt.
She met my gaze and said, "Go ahead baby, I've had Jenny's hot pussy before, and you hesitating for even a second to make sure it's alright is almost super-human. I love you so much and now know how much you love me. Now if you don't get between her legs this second I will!"
And with that I finally got to devour the delicious pussy I'd seen a few times, and even tasted so briefly. To say I was in heaven is an understatement. What guy hasn't fantasized about having sex with two women before? Here I was finally living out that fantasy. And with two of the sexiest women I'd every known. I knew my wife and I would relive this moment again and again forever. As I was eating Jenny, Lisa positioned herself over Jenny's mouth. Lisa pulled her skirt up and panties aside and Jenny moaned like she couldn't get enough. I thought I might cum then and there. The scent of sex was so raw, the lust so pervasive. Jenny stopped licking my wife's pussy long enough to yell at me to get inside her, now! We repositioned ourselves so that I entered Jenny from behind, while Lisa lay on the bed with Jenny back slurping away at her pussy. It wasn't long before Lisa came so hard she screamed. Lisa is always vocal in bed, but this scream was so loud and guttural I knew she had experienced one hell of an orgasm. Slowly she moved off the bed and got underneath us. My sweet little wife, the girl who everyone always thinks of as being such a good girl, started licking my cock as I pumped in and out of her hot friend from high school. When she wasn't licking my cock she was licking Jenny's clit. I was so goddamn close to cumming, I was stunned when Lisa pushed me away - my cock leaving Jenny's hot pussy. I was about to ask what was going on when I heard Lisa say, "Sorry babe, we'll be here all night, and I know you want to last as long as you can each time, but right now I've got to have Jenny's pussy. She tastes so good, and it's been so long since I've done this, I just need her pussy now. And with that she buried herself in Jenny. For a minute or two I was too awed to move, but eventually I decided to position my cock near Jenny's mouth.
"Suck it you fucking tease, I want you to suck my cock."
I didn't have to ask twice. Jenny swallowed my cock and I was buried deep in her mouth. She managed to control herself enough so that she took me down her throat. Frankly, I thought I had hit a home run when I found Lisa, she was such an expert at giving head. But clearly Jenny was her equal. These two girls knew how to use their mouths in ways that insisted on orgasms, apparently from women as well as men. I was so damn close to cumming, Jenny was working my cock like a pro. I was just about to pull out and blow my load all over Jenny's huge tits. Oh god how I wanted to see that. Lisa stopped eating Jenny just then and started in with her slutty talk.
"Oh my god, her pussy tastes so good. I'm so sorry I made you stop fucking her, she's such a hot bitch. Is her mouth making your cock feel as good as my tongue's making her pussy feel? Is she taking your cock deep down her throat just the way you like it from me? Do you like seeing her huge tits bounce all around while I fuck her pussy with my tongue baby. Does that get you off? I know how much you like her big tits baby. Every time you talked about our little fuck slut Jenny here when you were in Florida you mentioned how entranced you were by her huge rack, and her lacy bras. You couldn't stop talking about how fucking sexy her tits looked snuggled in her sexy lingerie. Or how hot her nipples looked poking out of her bikini. Betcha like the view a little better now that the lacy bra is lying on the floor, huh? Oh baby, she's tastes sooo good. Mmmmm. You want to watch your slutty little wife rim her ass baby? You want me to get her ass nice and wet so you can fuck her hard in the ass baby? Did you think you'd ever be so lucky to find another slutty girl like me? One with huge tits who liked taking your cock deep in her throat? Just wait until you see how see how she can take it up the ass."
Meanwhile Jenny was moaning intensely as Lisa was rubbing her clit with her fingers the whole time she was talking. Jenny took my cock out of her mouth and begged Lisa to lick her ass. As Jenny idly stroked my cock, my beautiful wife began licking her ass. Now, it was Jenny's turn to start in with the nasty talk, all the while stroking my cock.
"Oh yeah, what a fucking slut your wife is. First she forces you, her husband, who's balls deep in my hot pussy to get out so she can lick my hot, hard clit, and fuck my pussy with that magical tongue of hers. Then, when her hot little friend from high school is just about to swallow your load, she tells us how much she wants to lick my ass. Bet you didn't know she was such a fuck slut, did you? Betcha didn't know she always liked having her tongue in my ass as much as in my pussy, did you? Did she ever tell you how I got her so turned on during one of our double dates, flashing my bare pussy at her more than at my date, that she went down on me before taking care of her boyfriend? She loves my pussy, you know."
Again, I found myself on the verge of blowing my load, and again, all I could think about how hot it was going to be to cum all over Jenny's huge tits. But again, Lisa had another idea, well actually, it was the same one she'd mentioned earlier.
"Get over here and fuck her ass. This little slut needs a good hard cock in her ass."
I was all too happy to oblige. Jenny pulled her delicious ass apart while Lisa guided my cock right at her hot ass. In seconds I slipped inside the hottest, tightest ass I'd ever had. Damn. This time there was no denying me. I blew my load deep in her ass. Lisa went right back to licking her ass - again. I collapsed. I was spent. I couldn't believe the night. The girls were not even close to being through. Lisa licked Jenny's ass, trying as hard as she could to taste my cum. Meanwhile, Jenny was busy licking Lisa's cunt.
It wasn't long before I was hard again. In fact, I don't know if I ever wasn't hard. But still, watching these two drop dead women go at just inches away from me, recharged my cock in a hurry. The speed with which everything had happened when we got to Jenny's room meant that none of us were completely naked. In fact, while my pants were off, the girls had only lost their shirts and bras. That meant the contrasting white and black skirts, stockings and heels were all still on. The girls took a break, and asked me if I was ready to go again. I was.
"So how do you want us? What haven't we done?"
It was a good question Jenny asked. Just being in the room with them playing with each other was good enough for me. But fortunately, I had another idea. I position them so that they were both standing near the bed, side by side. They leaned over the bed and lifted their skirts for me. I pulled the lacy panties off each of them. I had a view of the two most perfect pussies and asses I may ever see. I slipped right into my wife. Her pussy was on fire, and my cock started twitching. Damn, I wanted this to last forever. After fucking my wife's pussy for a while, I pulled out plunged into Jenny. I was in heaven. Their pussies were both so wet, but felt so different on my cock. Again, I pulled out and started fucking Lisa I was so damn close to cumming. I pulled out and slipped back into Jenny. The girls were so great about humoring me and my studly fantasy. Of course, I think they might have enjoyed the slight break in intense climaxes they'd been experiencing. I yelled that I was about to cum. Jenny whipped around and started sucking my cock, as I was about to blow she expertly started jacking me off - right onto her tits. Wow, talk about being on the same wavelength. I came so hard I thought I was going to hurt her. She started massaging my spunk into her tits, when Lisa moved over and started licking it off. After she'd licked and swallowed nearly every drop, she moved up and started making out with Jenny. As much as I wanted to keep going, exhaustion set in. I must have passed out, but I remember hearing Lisa and Jenny talking and laughing when I fell asleep.
The experiences were seared into my head, and I knew my sex life with Lisa would never be the same. Would it just be talk, or would we take vacations with Jenny? Time will tell.