I was running late as I made my way across campus. Luckily my room was on the ground floor so I could nip in and grab the book I had forgotten for my next class.
My girlfriend had been feeling a bit unwell so skipped the classes this morning asking if she could stay in my room rather than make her way back to her own block.
As I got to the exterior door I patted my pockets and realised that my book wasn't the only thing I had forgotten. No keys. Frustrated, I went to the side of the building and round the corner. I could knock on the window and get Harriet to pass my book to me. I approached the window and was about to knock gently on the glass when I saw through a crack in the curtains a sight I had seen a hundred times. I had seen it, but I didn't know that Harriet had ever seen it.
On the TV screen a petite but well proportioned brunette currently in a 69 with a very well endowed male. She faced the camera with her mouth covering just the head of his big cock. She had been sucking on him for a while and her spit ran down the length of his thick shaft and was covering his balls as she massaged them with her hand.
My eyes moved from the scene on the tv to the scene on the bed. Harriet was frantically rubbing her pussy with her slender legs spread wide apart. I was shocked at the wanton look on her face, for someone usually reserved and inexperienced sexually, she was displaying a look I had never seen before. I was stuck between wanting to knock and wanting to see what happened next. I kept my hands by my sides.
I knew how the scene ended and I didn't k ow if Harriet did yet or not. On screen the female continued her oral attention sloppily sucking the head of the large cock and using her hand on the shaft and balls. Suddenly a large had grabbed a fistful of her hair and started to push her head down. On the bed Harriet bucked her hips and I saw her perfect little ass rise from the bed. He continues the pressure as her mouth starts to be spread wider. He pushes until she is halfway down his cock, her eyes starting to water but absolutely committed to making him cum from deepthroating him.
I could see Harriet panting hard and her fingers were a blur working on her clit. I was rooted to the spot, my cock rock hard in my jeans.
He keeps his hand pushing down and his hips thrust up. She gags but keeps going. What's left on display of his cock is covered in spit and her hands are no longer giving him any attention, but are gripping the sheets. Harriet is biting her lip, her eyes betraying her desire. Until now I didn't know this existed.
I knew the couple were going to cum soon. He gives a couple of short sharp thrusts into her throat and then exclaims that he is going to cum. The grip on her hair is released and instantly her head pops up, she gasps in a deep breath and her hand goes back to wanking him furiously. Harriet's hips are still bucking, she's visibly moaning and as close as they are.
He gives a deep groan, she keeps wanking the thick shaft, pointing his cock straight at her face. Harriet bucks again, clenching those perfect cheeks.
He starts to cum. Thick hot white streams of cum. Her face takes most of it and she keeps wanking his cock as it drips down. Harriet grips the sheets as her own orgasm his and she writhes around in ecstasy on the bed. The woman on screen is drenched and smiling. He is breathing heavily. Harriet is panting and limp.
I still don't know what to do, and then Harriet looks up. No longer transfixed by the scene on the TV, she looks directly at the gap in the curtains and sees me.
She passed the keys through the window after she had put on a dressing gown to preserve her modesty. Ironic I thought, given what I had just witnessed.
I couldn't make out the look that had been on her face at the moment she had seen me. Confusion? No. Lust? No. Resignation? Possibly. She looked like she'd had a weight lifted off her shoulders. As if to say 'great, so now you know and it didn't take a difficult conversation'.
I walked round to the exterior door, went through and found my room. I took a deep breath, unlocked the door and walked in.
Harriet was sat on a seat at the desk, now wearing a pair of shorts and one of my shirts. She turned to me and gave a big beaming smile. She was beautiful, my girlfriend through the end of high school and into university. We had both had quite reserved childhoods and our relationship, whilst solid and loving, could never be described as wild or experimental.
All of this was about to change.
"Hey Hun, I didn't expect you to be back. What did you see back there?" She asked, a bit of trepidation in her voice.
"Erm...well, enough I guess." I said.
She went into a mode I hadn't seen before. She was full of confidence and articulate on the subject. Something had obviously opened up in her.
"OK." She started "I'm going to come clean here and I think we should both just listen and see what comes out in this conversation."
"Yeah, erm, I guess so." I stammered. Twenty minutes ago I had been in a lecture on international Law, and now this.
"So for the last month, anytime I've been home by myself, I've been doing what you have just seen. I can't help it, I think about it all the time and I just have to make myself cum. Sometimes it is that scene, sometimes there are others but they all have some common themes. That is obvious because your collection seems to follow some themes.
If I can't be by myself in your room, I'll take a DVD back to mine and then replace it another time.
I feel a bit embarrassed right now, but my urge to do these things has overtaken that and I don't want you to get rid of the collection or stop me doing it, so that's why I'm telling you all this."
I was still trying to process the changes in my girlfriend and my head was spinning but I managed to blurt out that I thought I was fine with it and it had turned me on to watch her masturbate.
We spent the next few minutes talking about how we felt our sex life was and if either of us were repressing anything. We both felt that it was currently good, and there were no complaints, however we both had deeper kinky sides but due to our inexperience had no idea how to express them for fear of being judged.
Harriet turned to me and said "Jake I love you very much, and this is only making that stronger. Let's just talk about it, that's all." Which really settled me down.
I felt relieved that it wasn't a 'me' thing. I wasn't failing or not being attentive. It was just that people's minds sometimes work in different ways.
I bit the bullet.
"So what is it that you like the most?" I asked.
Moment of truth time.
Harriet proceeded to tell me that she loved porn. All of it. Whatever I had, she liked. She was in effect exploring everything that was out there to find herself. She had never experienced, thought about or known of many of the things she had seen on video.
We talked for a long time about how these things affected us and what we could do to make our own sex life exciting.
Then she dropped the bombshell.
"The scene you saw me cum to" she said. "I want to experience that. Would you be ok with that?"
"Absolutely!" I replied "Of course we can do that! My cock was twitching at the thought of her deepthroating me for the first time."
"No." She said suddenly with a confident tone and a pleading look. "Not you, someone built like he was."
I didn't know what to say. Wasn't that cheating? Nothing like this had ever come up before. Wasn't I good enough?
She interrupted my thought.
"Look, it's not about you at all. You are perfect for me and a brilliant guy. I love you and that hasn't and won't change. This is a sexual thing. I don't want anything from someone else other than a physical fantasy."
My head was spinning again.
"I'm not sure." I said "But I've seen enough porn to know that many guys love this sort of thing. Do you think you can just do something for me?" I asked.
She was ready to do anything for me at that moment because it was either this path or the path to breakup.
"Sure." She said.
"Ok." I replied. "Tell me what you want in absolutely explicit terms. Then we will see if it excites or repulses me."
Her face changed again. Then the hint of a smile and she look me in the eye.
"Jake, I want a guy with a very large cock to dominate me. I want him to push his dick down my throat until I gag. I want him to fuck my little pussy so hard, and I want to make him to cum so much that I'm covered all over."
This gorgeous intelligent and hot girl was my best friend. I grabbed her hand, looked her in the eye and put that hand against my rock hard cock.
Ch3
The next two weeks passed and we had resumed some sense of normality to our relationship. Our sex life was better than ever but there were still unspoken things from that day.
I woke up in the night and reached across the bed only to feel a big space where Harriet should have been. The noise that woke me seemed to be coming from the room next door. Muffled voices.
I gingerly got out of bed holding my shoulder as the pain seared through me. I usually sleep naked and I considered finding something to wear but I couldn't see anything handy. I crept out of the room onto the landing, still hearing the muffled noise from the other room.
As I got closer to the door, I saw that it was slightly ajar. I put my face up to the gap and looked through.
There, on her knees facing away from me was my girlfriend. Tom was stood with his cock obviously in her mouth and his fist grabbing a handful of her hair. The noises I had heard were obviously his ecstatic moans combined with hers. Her head bobbed up and down rapidly as his eyes rolled backwards.
Then he started to become more dominant with her.
"Spit on that cock and get it nice and hard!" He demanded. "You've never had a dick like this before and I'm going to fuck you so hard you won't know what's hit you."
I was astonished. She would never have entertained this kind of language with me but here she was, sucking on his dick and giving a muffled response which was quite obviously positive.
"Can't talk with my big cock in your mouth can you? You are such a good little slut, I've wanted to fuck you for a very long time and now you are going to experience what a real man can do to you. I hope you like cum because you are going to get drenched."
Suddenly she stopped her sucking, stood up and kissed him full on the mouth. I had a pang of jealousy. From my view her ass looked perfect and I couldn't wait to see if she was going to bend over and take it from him.
Tom suddenly looked over towards the door and said
"Looks like we have got ourselves a spectator!"
Harriet spun around and looked over to me. Seeing my need state and obvious arousal her initial look of guilt softened somewhat.
For a moment none of us knew what was going to happen.
Tom was the one to take control.
"Right. Jake get in here and sit in on that chair in the corner. You are going to watch this so you may as well be comfortable."
"Harriet. I was enjoying what you were doing so get back to it. Let's move a little bit though so Jake can have a decent view this time."
As they moved slightly I was taken aback when I saw the monster that she had been sucking on. Whilst he was impressive flaccid, it was a completely different thing hard. He was obviously enjoying her attention as the angry head was pulsing and the veins on the shaft were throbbing.
She dropped to her knees, looked over at me and gave me a wink. The look on her face was one of absolute lust. She looked up at him with innocent eyes and opened her mouth and put her tongue out. My cock was rock hard.
"Let's see how deep you can go." Said Tom and grabbed the shaft of his cock with one hand and the back of her head with the other.
"See what your hot little slut is going to do for me Jake. She's going to deepthroating this cock until I'm satisfied that she's made it wet enough and then I'm going to fuck her. When I fuck her, it's going to be hard and rough and she's probably going to scream very loudly. I'm going to ask her to beg for it, and squeal. Can you handle that?"
I gulped. "Yes I can." I said.
"Of course you can." Said Tom. "Well this is going to be fun."