The big day was a week away. Christine had arranged a big gala at the club and she would be circulating, stopping to greet all the golfers. It would be a big photo opp. She had selected a very specific outfit for this event. It was a low cut, backless, black dress. It showed some nice cleavage, which should attract some nice attention. It was also the kind of dress you could not wear a bra with, which was crucial to her plan. She wanted to go commando, but decided against it and chose the thinnest thong to prevent anyone from thinking her actions were intentional. The reason this dress was special was a very unique feature; "When photographed using a camera phone flash, this dress becomes transparent". She tested it multiple times. With a regular camera, it was fine, but with her phone camera flash turned on, she could see right through her dress. She tried it in all sorts of lighting and the results were consistent. You could clearly see her tits and ass when using a camera phone flash, but not when using a professional camera.
She searched online and vetted many photographers until she found one she could trust. She paid extra for the discretion and talent of this photographer. He would be taking the professional photo, as well as a picture with her phone. He would always offer to take one with the guests phone as well. He would always turn the flash on and wouldn't lead on to what appeared in the photo.
This event would put a picture of her tits on every attendees phone who agreed to take a picture. It would be the ultimate exposure, having everyone think it was an accident and most likely keeping it secret so that they didn't have to delete it. She could use the professional photos to hang on the events board and replay a collage on the monitors, while each member had a more intimate memory.
When the day came, Christine shaved every hair below her eyebrows and got dressed. She did her makeup to the nines and had her hair up. She squeezed into the tight dress and did one final experiment. Same result, the camera phone showed tits and ass and the regular camera didn't show through the dress. She was so nervous but excited. She got there early to oversee the set up. She greeted the photographer and tipped him well, in advance. She checked in with reception, dining, the bar, and valet. They did a staff photo before show time, but only allowing her phone and the professional camera. She couldn't have her staff seeing these pictures.
The members started arriving. Drinks were flowing quickly. Soon the owner arrived and complimented her organization, before heading to the office to hide out. She motioned to the photographer that he was not to get a camera picture with flash. She then nervously gave the photographer her phone and the go ahead. "Let's get this over with" she said and reminded him not to use flash on any staff members phone.
Christine was mingling in the crowd and the photographer followed her around. He snapped picture after picture and always offered to take one with the members phone. She snickered when the occasional member declined. They didn't know what they were missing. Hours into the event, more than half the members now had 'accidental' nude photos of her. While walking around, she would occasionally see flashes go off behind her. She now believed they were aware and were trying to get pictures of her ass. She would play dumb and pretend not to notice. She would occasionally drop items and bent at the waist to pick it up. She would take a little extra time to give any member who saw, and who knew the trick, some time to take out their phone and get a good picture.
The men were hitting on her more and more aggressively throughout the night. She knew how to deal with this and was having fun flirting back. She received so many offers to go somewhere private and oh how she wished she could take them up on it. "Your wife wouldn't like that" was her go to response that usually got her out of it.
The owner came over to discuss the event and tell her how impressed he was with the event. He talked up her performance and how much he valued her management skills. He called the photographer over and told him to take a picture of them two. He then handed his phone over asking him to take another one. She nervously grinned at the photographer and shook her head slightly. The photographer caught on and took a picture without flash. He handed the phone back and hurried away. The owner looked at his phone and called him back. "It's a little dark, can you take one with flash?" The photographer shot her a look and she slightly nodded, defeated. He took the picture and handed the phone back.
She felt embarrassed. This was how she was going to be exposed. Surely he was going to say something and tell her to cover up. He might even have words with her, tarnishing her record. She wanted to run away. At that moment, though, three members came over to talk to the owner. He greeted these old friends and put the phone straight in his pocket without seeing the picture. She scurried away mortified. Her boss now had pictures clearly showing her tits through her dress. She wondered how he would react. She ran to the bathroom and into a stall. She hid out for the next 10 minutes. She picked her head up, exhaled, and rejoined the party. She made it to the last few members she missed. Her tits would surely be the talk of the club.
There were thirty minutes left of the party. Many members were extremely drunk. She saw the owner across the room and he made eye contact. She had a lump in her throat. He came over and thanked her for putting this together. He said he was leaving and wished her a safe ride home. He said goodbye to a few more people and snuck out a back exit. He gave no indication that he saw the picture, but there was no doubt that he had it. She was hoping this wouldn't have consequences.
She started to wrap up the party and gave a nice speech ending the year. She talked about how she valued the members and how she wanted them happy. All throughout her speech, phones were snapping pictures, of course with the flash on. She talked about the next year and how they were open to suggestions from the members on any way to improve. She thanked everyone for joining and wished them all a safe ride home. On their way out, many members asked for one last picture with her, asking others to take it with the flash on. It was blatant and made her blush, but she played along.
At the end of the night, the photographer gave Christine her phone back and said he'd send her the professional pictures. He grinned and asked for a photo. She obliged and had someone take a flash picture of them. She ushered everyone out and went to her office. She flipped through her phone and saw all of the revealing photos with the high profile members. She couldn't believe she did this. All of these people had these exact same photo. You could clearly see her nipples through her dress. She pictured all of these men jerking off to her. She fantasized about doing this again but forgoing her dress. She starting touching herself to the thought of standing naked in front of everyone. She even thought about them fucking her in the middle of the club. Oh how she wished she could give it all up.
She came right there in her office and was spent. She pulled her dress back down and started to lock up. She would have to think of how to top this event. Every time she pulled a stunt like this, it got her juices flowing and pushed her to go further. How far could she go without losing her job? Only time would tell.