Her hips suddenly stopped the bucking spasms as her orgasm began to subside. As I felt her thighs on either side of my head and looked up over her belly to the still-hard nipples of her B-cup breasts, I was in heaven. She knew this cowgirl position, over my attentive lips and tongue was one of my favorite views but she was rarely comfortable with this position due to her shyness of the drenching my chin and the bed received as she came.
This was supposed to be a weekend to set aside inhibitions though. My wife of 20 years was still the source of my excitement; just as she had been since I first saw her......from the rear as I like to remind her. A few pounds heavier perhaps but the tight roundness of her butt, thighs and long legs is still the envy of women many years her junior.
Paula always dismissed my compliments. I know she thinks I am sincere but like many women she is a little too critical of her physical appearance. Although appreciative she assumes my perspective as her husband is a little biased.
Maybe that's a good thing because if she knew how often other men admired her firm curves, she might have left me long ago!
As her breathing slowed, she swung her leg over me and snuggled up to my side and cooed, "That was fabulous honey."
"What has you so excited this evening?" she asked.
"You know how I love to eat you and grab that firm ass of yours at the same time," I responded.
"How can you say that about my old saggy butt?" she countered.
"You know how I can't resist your tight ass," I said as usual.
"Besides it's not just me." "Didn't you find it odd that for being pretty good athletes those college guys on the beach today sure threw a lot of incomplete passes out of bounds toward you."
"That suit covers up too much but it does showcase your epic ass and legs," I said.
"I noticed no such thing, it's just your imagination you horny old man," she said as she pushed me away.
"Ok then, old-lady, explain the bulges in their trunks as they spent way too much time recovering their football," I said.
"Besides, you were lying on your tummy and couldn't see."
She surprised me by asking, "Well how does it make you feel to think that your wife is exciting a bunch of horny young boys?"
"I'll show you," I said as I sat up, swinging my rock-hard cock within inches of her face.
In a flash I was behind her, pulling up her hips and slapping that delectable ass. Dispensing with the usual gentleness, I spread her legs, grabbed her hips and in one motion slid my hard cock in her still-wet pussy. I went hard and deep as she struggled to regain her breath. Using my hands and hips in concert I began to rhythmically pound her enjoying the delightful view of her butt and the sensation of my full balls swinging against her.
She answered by rocking her hips against me and tossing her head back. As her short blonde hair swung in rhythm to our movements, I imagined the sight of those hard young cocks reacting to her and in a second I could feel my balls stir and I flooded her with the biggest load of cum I had in months.
After an enjoyable dinner at a small beach-side restaurant we enjoyed the short walk back to the hotel. As Paula clutched my hand she grabbed my arm and said, "You were amazing this afternoon."
"What got you so excited?" she asked.
"Seeing your great body on the beach today, just like I said before," I teased.
"Were those guys really checking me out?" she asked.
"I'm pretty sure it wasn't me that was causing those tight shorts." I quipped.
"Does that turn you on.....I mean the thought of other men looking at me?" she asked.
"Yeah it does," I admitted. "You excite me, so why wouldn't other men find you attractive?"
"It makes some great fantasies," I added.
She paused and drifted off but clutched my arm and pulled it against her firm tits.
I must have dosed off for a few minutes, when I noticed that the lights and TV were now off and Paula was standing next to the bed in her short robe. I smiled up at the vision of her, backlit against the moonlight slipping in through the shutters to the hotel room patio.
She met my eyes and said, "What did you mean byfantasies?"
This was an unusual question from my usually shy, reserved wife. Perhaps the warm sea air or the cocktails at dinner?
I looked at her and asked "What do you mean?"
"When we were walking back from dinner you said "it makes great fantasies"," she reminded me.
"I don't remember" I said sleepily.
"Here, let me remind you," she said.
She squared her shoulders and locked her eyes on mine. She deftly untied the sash and in one easy motion slid it off her shoulders. The moonlight perfectly lit her curves and she placed her knee on the bed. She crawled across the bed toward me, her breasts hanging deliciously and swinging with her movements. She moved determinedly and reached for the waist band of my gym shorts that serve as sleepwear and slid her hand under the elastic waist band, encircling my stirring cock. She caressed my cock and then cupped my balls and using her free hand slid my shorts down over my hips.
I raised my hips to assist with her uncharacteristic aggression and looked down as my cock responded to her caresses. She blew her warm breath on me and I exhaled in excitement as her tongue extended to lick the underside of my waiting cock head. I was drifting toward a place of no return now as my hips rose in response and in the darkness I only felt her warm lips swallow me whole. My mind, deprived of sight moved me to a place simultaneously as receiver and witness and the mental image of my normally shy wife devouring a cock that responds so completely to her pushed me over the edge.
Who was this woman?
My body was lost to the sensations and I felt her hand cupping my full balls and her warm wet lips sliding up my shaft and pausing perfectly at the head. In seconds I could feel the familiar sensations and I erupted again but for the first time, she stayed with me and devoured every drop.
Perhaps her plan was to use her oral efforts as truth serum. As she snuggled against me, I answered her every question. She seemed fascinated with my fantasies of her exciting other men. She asked me what I thought and how I might feel knowing she was exciting someone else.
For the first time I put my thoughts in words and explained that it was maybe a common thought among men. It is exciting to think that my woman is exciting and desirable to other men. I also admitted that I was excited that she would even want to know my thoughts.
There may be a bit of voyeur in all of us. The mental images we entertain in sensual pleasures might easily merge with visual reality. Knowing the physical sensations intimately, having an opportunity to sample it visually is a huge turn-on.
"It's very exciting," she said, "but I could never do anything like that."
While enjoying a leisurely breakfast at the resort's excellent beach-side restaurant, I reminded Paula of my conference call at 10; the one encumbrance to what was otherwise a welcome break from our normal work routines.
"It shouldn't be more than an hour," I said. "Why don't you do some shopping or maybe get a massage?" "We can get in some beach time afterwards before the sun is too intense."
Paula smiled and said that she had seen a cute beach wrap at a nearby shop.
As I logged on my laptop and looked over the material for the call, Paula was spending more time than usual at her closet. I smiled and tried not to be obvious and be caught watching her.
A few minutes before the call began Paula came out of the bathroom and with a quick peck to the cheek said a cheery goodbye and walked to the door.
With her apparent haste, I decided maybe I wasn't supposed to comment on the tight shorts she had chosen to go with the heeled sandals and light cotton top. I just smiled and enjoyed the view of her epic ass and long sculpted legs as she walked across the room and slid out the door.
The critically important conference call was the usualI can't believe I'm spending time with this nonsenseroutine. As I signed off and began to close my computer, an energized Paula entered the room with two small shopping bags, her dark glasses hanging from the low front of her top.
"How was the call honey?"
"The usual boring nonsense, how was shopping?" I asked.
"It was great, I saw some really cute things," she exclaimed.
"With that outfit, I bet a lot of guys saw some really cute things too," I said as I smiled.
I expected the usual playful rebuke but instead got only a sly smile.
"I got a new swimsuit." "Are you still up for some time at the beach?" she asked.
"I've beenupever since I saw that cute ass of yours go out the door an hour ago."
Paula only smiled, grabbed her shopping bags and headed to the bathroom.
I finished putting away my computer and simultaneously any thought of my job and walked out to enjoy the view from our upper-floor, ocean-side balcony. The cool breeze was welcome but the day promised to be a scorcher.
I sensed some movement behind me in the room and saw Paula appear in a new bright flower print beach wrap. My only surprise was the choice of footwear, instead of the usual flip-flops she was wearing the heeled sandals from her shopping trip. I decided not to question the choice for fear of having her change her mind and deprive me of the view of her sculpted legs.....and of course deprive any other healthy males of the same treat.
She grabbed her beach bag, slid the dark glasses over her eyes and said, "Are you ready?"
I slid up behind her, pulled her back against my hips, kissed her neck and said, "What do you think?" as I pressed my hardening cock against her shapely butt.
She pushed me away playfully and headed for the door.
As we walked through the lobby I saw several men tactfully check out her long legs. I enjoyed the appreciative looks but couldn't see if she noticed behind the large dark glasses.
We left the lobby on the beach side and walked through the warm sand in the same direction as yesterday.
"Honey, the clothing-optional area is the other direction, wouldn't you rather go there?" I asked.
She smirked at me over the tops of her sunglasses and I have to admit I was a little disappointed to see that her apparent change in attitude was limited.
I smiled and said, "Hey, just throwing out some options."
We found a relatively quiet spot ahead of the morning crowd. We were still close enough to the hotel facilities that drinks were easily accessible. I spread out the towels and as I turned I could see a flash of purple, Paula's favorite color, under the tie of the new wrap. Apparently she was wearing the new swimsuit.
As I flopped onto the towel and reached for the sunscreen bottle, I said "Is that the new suit?"
Paula seemed pleased that I had noticed and said, "Yes, I thought we might both enjoy it."
With that she untied the wrap and slid it off her shoulders exposing a bright purple halter-style one-piece suit that was cut almost to the waist in front and very high, over her hips. She looked stunning but I had been hoping for a two-piece.
Apparently reading my mind she said, "I figured you'd prefer a two-piece."
Before I could argue though, she smiled and said, "...but I thought you might like this." She turned around and I was glad she couldn't see the surprise on my face as I realized that the back of the suit exposed most of her exquisite cheeks.
She turned quickly to enjoy my surprise and said, "I'll need a lot of sunscreen, so get busy."
She knelt on the towel, opening her bag and arranging her book and water bottle and then laid down. I enjoyed the view every time she knelt forward and the suit pulled up between her cheeks. She settled and I began spreading sunscreen. I was expecting her usual protest when I took extra time and care spreading the lotion over her thighs and butt but today she responded by spreading her legs slightly. An unexpected feature of the suit was also a generous amount of "side-boob" and my agile fingers made sure she was adequately protected there also.
I was hard as a rock and had to adjust the lining of my trucks several times.
Paula appeared to drift off to the warmth of the sun and I relaxed to my book. As the beach began to fill up I expected her to want to move or cover up but she seemed content and other than an occasional repositioning to expose her front to the sun, she remained in her place.
Half an hour later, the same group of young men returned to their spot with their football and a chest full of beer.
"Your admirers have retuned, my dear" I said.
I expected her to immediately cover up or want to move but instead she rolled onto her side and peered over the tops of her glasses at the shirtless young men, then at me. She sat up and took some interest in the game.
"I think I'll go get a beer, would you like for me to get you something?" I said.
"A margarita sounds good," she said to my surprise, and I stood to walk to the hotel beach bar.
The bar was not too busy but I took a seat at one of the high stools, ordered a beer and turned to watch the action on the beach. The game was in full swing and predictably enough, an errant pass put the ball in the sand near our towels. I watched as Paula stood up, turned her back to the group and bent over to pick up the ball. The young men were treated to a perfect view. As several of the young men ran toward her, I saw her smile and hand the ball back to them. They appeared to be apologizing for disturbing her and I wondered if she realized what was really going on.
I assumed that she knew exactly and was enjoying every minute of it. I downed my beer, ordered a second and the margarita and returned to our spot.
"The bar was busy," I said. "Did I miss anything?"
"No, I was just watching the game."
I smirked and handed her the cool drink and she surprised me by taking an immediate gulp of the stiff beverage.
Paula sipped at the drink and looked toward the hotel facilities.
"I think I'd like to get a beach chair so I can read," she said.
I immediately hopped up to get one for her but she grabbed me and said, "I need to stretch my legs."
I smiled and sat back on the towel. Paula stood, straightened her floppy hat and walked across the beach. I was treated to a long view of the movement of her perfect butt framed by the fabric of the suit but also noticed as the game took an immediate "timeout" as the players watched and grabbed beers.
Paula returned with the low chair and I unfolded it for her and she began reading her book.
I was enjoying her change in behavior but decided not to mention it for fear of having her return to her inhibited normal self.
After reading a few pages, she said, "Honey, do you think anyone would mind if I took down my top to get a better tan."
Unable to hide my ear to ear grin, I said, "I certainly wouldn't mind and I am pretty sure your admirers here wouldn't mind either."
With that she deftly reached behind her neck, unfastened the clasp and placed the sides down across her waist. I was stunned but captivated at the view of her beautiful breasts. Over the years her breasts had sagged just a bit but developed a slight upturn. Her large areoles and beautiful nipples were an erotic sight.
This was certainly an amazing day and I wondered what was still to come.
She went back to her book and the game continued. I was not sure if anyone there had noticed her change in attire but was excitedly thinking about what might occur. Eventually the ball came our direction and Paula, to my surprise, made no effort to cover her exposed chest. The intended receiver got a full view and I am sure spread the news to his team mates.
At the next break, two of the players walked our way carrying some beers. As they approached Paula looked up but again made no effort to cover herself. One of the guys said, "We're sorry we disturbed you with our game, we thought you might like some beers." I stood immediately and reached out to shake hands and accept the cold cans. As the three of us turned to Paula she peered over the top of her dark glasses, smiled and thanked the young men.
Her nipples belied her cool exterior though and hardened erotically.
The admirers turned away and I sat and opened one of the beers and handed it to her. Only then did she break into a huge grin and exclaim "I can't believe I did that!"
I laughed and kissed her and said, "You certainly surprised me too but I enjoyed every minute of it."
"How did it make you feel, knowing they were seeing your naked tits," I asked.
"Itreallyturned me on, I'msowet right now," she exclaimed.
"I saw the bulges in the front of their shorts and it was exciting to know that was because of me," she added.
"I enjoyed the whole show" I laughed.
Paula looked up at me and said deliberately, "I need a cock right now."
"Will mine do or did you have something else in mind?" I asked, smiling.
Paula did not respond but refastened her top, and began to put her things back in her bag. I got the message and hurriedly picked up the towels and headed with her to the hotel.
In the room, my dear wife was nowhere to be seen but the erotic creature from the beach threw her beach bag on the floor and as I closed the door looked at me and ordered, "Strip."
I quickly kicked off my old sneakers, pulled the T shirt over my head and then turning toward her, untied and slid my trunks down my legs. My hardening cock flopped over the waist band and reached out in front of me.
"Sit on the edge of the bed," Paula demanded. "I want to see you completely exposed."
Doing as instructed, I watched as she stood, just beyond my reach and slowly untied the sash of her new wrap. Her gaze was locked to my cock and it began to respond to the unusual feeling of her focused eyes. She slowly slid the right shoulder off and then the left holding the wrap up for a delicious moment and then letting it fall to the floor in a puddle of floral-print fabric.
With her eyes still fixed on my now-autonomous cock, Paula turned away from me but now I realized she could still view me in the large wall mirror. I was treated to a view of her exquisite ass and legs as she continued to fix her gaze on my growing cock. I could not help but enjoy the curve of her full ass cheeks in the purple suit and I became aware now of my cock straining upward as if to reach for her by itself.
I could see her notice and smile and she then leaned forward toward the mirror, knowing this would only enhance the vision of her curves.
My cock was possessed.
She reached up behind her neck and unfastened the clasp of the suit and let it fall forward away from her chest. She slowly inserted her fingers into the waistband of the lower part of the suit, slid it over her hips and let if fall around her ankles.
She turned around slowly and stepped clear of the suit and wrap and as I looked up I noticed that she had cupped both breasts in her hands and supported them, while stroking her nipples with her fingertips. She spread her legs slightly to steady herself but the result was a defiant confident stance.
I could feel her arousal rise but I was now just a servant of my cock. It was like a steel pole and twitched whenever she moved unexpectedly in her self-arousal. Her gaze still had not moved and it was as if she was directing her actions to a desired response by my cock.
Now one hand dropped lower and began to explore between her legs. I felt as if I could cum just watching her and wondered if that was even possible.
It became obvious that this was her game; to excite me with the visual effects of her body and movements.
She began to rock slightly on her feet, one hand stimulating her nipples while the other began to explore her lips. She smiled as she was enjoying the power her body had over me. Although she was enjoying the sensations her fingers provided her own body, I knew her goal was to take control of my body.
She stepped toward me and slowly knelt between my spread legs. I reflexively reached for her but she ordered, "Don't touch me."
She continued forward until she was kneeling between my legs and continued to focus on my straining cock.
While her gaze stayed on my cock she said "Stroke your cock."
I immediately complied but knew even the slightest touch might push me over the edge.
She rose and arched her back presenting her chest upward and the sight of the hard nipples centered in the large darker circles of her upturned tits was more than I could stand.
As if she could sense the exact moment, she said "Cum on my tits."
With one small stroke I erupted with a stream of thick cum on her tits and neck.
She watched intently until my spasms subsided and the last drop fell to her sun-red skin. The hand left her nipple and began to rub the warm cream onto her waiting breasts.
After showers and a nap, we discussed plans for the evening. The resort had several restaurants to choose from and we made our selection and a quick call to the concierge locked in an early reservation.
Paula began to get ready and made selections from her closet as I chose some light slacks and print shirt in deference to the heat.
A few minutes before our reservation, Paula emerged from the bathroom in one of her favorite summer sundresses. Light cotton with a fitted top that buttoned all the way down the front to the knee-length hem. She looked great but the addition of high heeled sandals made the look different.
I was impressed and told her so. As she grabbed my arm we headed to the elevator and through the lobby to the restaurant. The lobby was full of a mostly male crowd lined up under a check-in table with a large logo overhead. A charity golf tournament of some sort.
The young hostess checked our reservation and walked us through the bar and to our seat by the open windows facing the beach. As we walked through the bar a few clusters of men gave Paula an appreciative glance.
I held her chair for her and was rewarded with a view of the top of her bra inside the low front of the dress. As she swing her legs into the chair I noticed that several of the bottom buttons were unbuttoned, a new look with that dress! A generous portion of her thigh was exposed as the fabric fell to the side as she crossed her legs.
As I took my place across the table I noticed that the same view of her legs was being appreciated by a few of the patrons at the bar.
After ordering cocktails we made our dinner selections and enjoyed the sunset over the beach.
Eventually I brought up the subject of our activities earlier in the day and got a sly smile from my wife. I asked her how it made her fell to be exposed to the strangers on the beach. She glowed and began to quietly explain that she had never felt so alive and erotic.
She was concerned that it might make me feel uncomfortable and I said, "Remember it was me who encouraged you in the first place."
"I know but you never know how someone will feel when things actually happen," she responded.
"I have to admit it really turns me on to see other men respond to your sexuality," I admitted.
"Take the three guys at the end of the bar for example," I teased. "They have enjoyed the view of your legs all evening."
"Just imagine if they were sitting facing you," I added.
Paula responded with a smirk but seemed to consider the thought.
Dinner was wonderful and relaxing and signing the check we stood to leave. I stood and eased her chair back as she stood. She turned and began walking through the now-crowded bar. I purposely fell back several steps in part to enjoy the view of her hips in the light dress and also to check out the admiring glances she reviewed as she walked. Perhaps it was my imagination but the swing of her hips seemed a little more exaggerated than usual.
As we re-entered the lobby, we noticed the sign for the live band in the club and I asked if she would like to hear some live music. She agreed quickly and we changed direction toward the club. The place was crowded but we found a high top table with two stools toward the far end of the room. A waitress quickly took our orders for drinks and we settled in to enjoy the music.
After a few songs, we made our way to the dance floor and joined the packed bodies on the small floor. It was more moving than dancing in this crowd but just enjoying Paula's warmth and fragrance was a delight. After two songs I was fearful we would lose our table so we returned.
As I held the stool and Paula slid her leg up to sit I noticed the hem of her dress fell open and a nice looking 30 something man standing at the bar got a great view up the inside of her thigh. Paula didn't seem to notice and as I sat she asked me why I was smiling. I described the man who was now over my shoulder and told her that he seemed to enjoy the sight up her dress as she sat on the stool.
Her initial surprise turned to excitement and she smiled as she considered what had happened. She looked at me and seemed to be considering her next step. Still looking me in the eye, she discretely unbuttoned two more buttons at the bottom of her dress and let the fabric fall exposing even more thigh than before.
She looked at me and raised her eyebrows as if waiting for my consent. I responded by a slight smile and nod. With my back to the man, I was now enjoying the mental image of what I knew was probably a positive reaction on his part.
Paula smiled again and still looking me in the eye, slowly uncrossed and re-crossed her legs in the other direction.
I was surprised but excited and looked at her and asked, "Did he enjoy the view?"
Paula now turned to look directly at the man and said, "I think so, he had to adjust his belt."
I smiled and said "Sorry I missed it."
Paula excused herself to go to the Ladies room and I again helped her off the stool. As she grabbed her purse and began to turn to the restrooms, I whispered quietly in her ear over the loud music, "Come back without your bra."
She looked up and smiled but pushed me away teasingly.
The waitress refreshed our drinks and in a few moments I realized Paula was standing next to me as she returned from the restroom. As I stood to help her with the stool, I looked down and noticed that the top two buttons on her dress were opened and with my height advantage, I had an unrestricted view down her dress to her hard nipples.
I smiled approvingly and she slowly and deliberately slid up onto the stool, the dress now unbuttoned almost to her waist.
As I sat down I calmly asked her if the man was still at the bar behind me and if he enjoyed the view of her panties.
"What panties?" she asked.
We finished our drinks and I declared that we should leave because one more trip to the Ladies room and she would be naked.
As we enjoyed a very late breakfast I asked Paula what she would like to do before we flew back tomorrow morning. She pondered the question and said perhaps a motorbike tour of the island and then back for an early dinner.
I agreed but then she asked me if I had fulfilled my fantasy.
I quickly responded, "My fantasies are almost limitless," and smiled.
"I have really enjoyed our activities though," I said seriously. "I hope you have too."
"I surprised myself, I must admit". "I felt empowered not embarrassed like I expected," she replied.
"Knowing that it excited you for me to tease other men was a huge turn-on," she admitted. "Feeling you watching me, and encouraging me was amazingly hot."
"Knowing that I can excite other men at my age was a real confidence booster too," she added.
The concierge made all the necessary arrangements and we enjoyed the self-guided tour. Although I led most of the route the few glimpses I enjoyed of Paula's tight shorts on the seat of the motor scooter was a real treat.
We would be back to suburbia too soon.
We enjoyed the day and managed to build some sexual tension that we both looked forward to realeasein later. We decided to take a cab to a recommended restaurant on the far side of the island and returned to the hotel after sunset.
As we walked through the lobby, I asked Paula, "Did you really enjoy exciting other men or was it that you knew I was excited by watching?"
She replied, "Can't it be both?"
That was the answer I was hoping for.
We heard the music from the bar and realizing the banquet from the golf tournament had just ended, we knew the place would be crowded.
I looked at Paula and took a chance.
"Would you like to go back for some drinks and dancing?"
"Sure," she responded. "I might even find some appreciative eyes there again."
She smiled playfully.
"I know you will," I responded.
"I'll go find a nice spot where I can view the action" I said and the look in her eyes told me she understood what I was suggesting.
She paused and looked away and then looked me in the eye and said, "Are you sure you can handle this?"
"I can't wait" I replied.
"I need to go change," she said and turned toward the elevator.
I felt electric as I walked into the crowded bar. I found a seat near the bartender station where the waitresses got drinks. It gave me a view of the entire bar but didn't expose me to a lot of interaction with guys looking for conversation. I waved to the bartender and ordered a beer.
Twenty minutes later, my phone buzzed and the text said, "On my way down, U still up for this?"
"Can't wait," I responded.
As I saw Paula enter the bar, I noticed several other heads turn. She was wearing the shiny, clingy blouse she had worn with her suit on the flight down, since she had come right from her office. She had the high heels from the suit but instead of the knee-length skirt and blazer she had only a pair of shiny black tights that she normally wore with a long loose sweater. As her heels clicked across the hard floor of the bar her bra-less tits moved discretely inside the blouse.
She looked amazing as she moved confidently into the room.
As she walked past I, like every other man in the bar, noticed the tight fabric against the curve of her ass and legs.
Paula found a stool at the far end of the bar and ordered a glass of wine. She pretended to concentrate on the band and I enjoyed watching the action. The men with wives tried not to get caught watching her and the men with buddies knew they wouldn't be able to get away from their friends unnoticed.
Still the look of her long crossed legs and the firm curve of her butt on the stool was "inspiring".
The bartender replaced her near-empty glass with a new fresh cocktail and Paula feigned surprise as he pointed across the room to a new admirer. The man must have only recently arrived and I had not noticed him. He was handsome and perhaps 50, a few years older than Paula and maybe 4 inches taller than her 5'9" frame. Distinguished might be the right word. Dark hair with some grey.
Paula raised the glass to her benefactor and he immediately rose to walk across the room toward her. He stood beside her, offered his hand and they began to chat. As they finished their drinks he invited her to the dance floor and they spent the next several numbers enjoying the live music. I had to admit he was a much better dancer than I am.
During a slow dance his hands tactfully slid down over her firm ass and she responded by pushing her hips against him. Unless he was inhuman she had to have felt his hard cock.
A small table against the back wall had opened and he led Paula to the low curved booth. I was able to find a spot at the bar where I could discretely watch them. He was leaning toward her and she had responded by placing her hand on his thigh. A waitress took their drink order and as she left Paula stood to excuse herself to the Ladies room.
As she walked across the bar, disappointed but admiring looks followed her.
My phone buzzed and I looked at the text.
"Nice guy, he's here on business... real estate" the phone said.
"R U enjoying yourself???" I texted.
"Yes, RU??
"I'm enjoying the show, have fun"
Paula returned to the booth and her new admirer stood gentlemanly and she took the opportunity to sit quickly so that he could not help but look down the front of her loose blouse, having unfastened another button. They continued their conversation where they left off and with his thigh next to hers, he placed his hand on her knee. Receiving no resistance he eventually slid his hand up her leg and she discretely parted her legs just an inch to allow him to discretely continue.
They continued their animated conversation and then she found an excuse to lean toward him and put her hand on his thigh. She spread her fingers and in the dark corner of the bar, covered his cock with her palm. He seemed a bit surprised but did nothing to discourage her.
After a few minutes he whispered something in her ear and he stood and walked toward the restroom. Quickly my phone buzzed and I read her text, "R U enjoying this?"
"Yes!!!" I responded.
"He wants to fuck me," she texted.
"So does every other man here," I teased.
"Does that excite you?"
"Yes"
"He's got a huge cock" she texted.
My heart raced but this was fantasy come true.
"Do U want to fuck him????" I texted with my hands shaking.
"Yes." "I told him you went on an overnight fishing trip."
Decision time but tomorrow was back to suburbia.
"Give me five minutes." "I'll watch from the closet"
"OK"
I laid some bills on the bar and turned for the elevators. I had considered this but not seriously since I thought Paula would never go for this. The large suite did have a large closet though and I thought I could maneuver some luggage so that I could see the action and not be seen.
This was crazy.
After getting in positon, I heard the door open and the small table light was turned on. With that and the moonlight from the balcony I could see the entire room.
After closing the door, I saw him pull her to him and give her a deep kiss as he pulled her hips against him. She hungrily returned the kiss and ground her hips in to him the heels mitigating just enough of his greater height.
She finally pushed away and asked if he'd like another drink. He somewhat reluctantly agreed since he preferred to continue what they had started but she was the hostess. She first excused herself and went into the restroom.
The light from under the bathroom door splashed across the floor and the sound of running water was faintly heard. After several minutes the light extinguished and the door opened.
I could just see Paula walk back across the room and saw that she had removed the tights and was dressed only in her short robe but had retained her heels. I was incredibly hard as the actual images exceeded my fantasies.
Paula walked to the minibar and as if she always served her guests in this outfit, made two drinks. She turned toward her guest as he was seated on the sofa and slowly walked the three steps to the low table in front of him. She bent at the waist and handed him the drink as he reached to meet her over the table. She clinked her glass to his and then stood again, squaring her shoulders, took a sip of the liquid.
She placed her drink on the table and turned back away from her guest but directly toward me. Her eyes met mine and she smiled and unfastened the tie of the robe. She slid the silk over her shoulders, paused and the let it drop to the floor. She turned to face her guest, treating me to a view of her exquisite ass, picked up her drink and joined her guest on the sofa. She sat at the other end of the sofa though and gracefully crossed her legs. Except for the fact that she was completely naked the scene was quite normal for two visiting adults.
She began more small talk, perhaps picking up the conversation where they left off in the bar. This had to be driving him as crazy as it was me but she was enjoying being in control. She laughed casually and occasionally re-crossed her legs and seemed completely at ease with the situation.
As the glasses emptied, Paula stood and placed them in the bar sink and walked back over to her guest. Standing above him she looked down and placing a hand on the back of the sofa on either side of his head she leaned forward, placing her right nipple a bare inch from his lips. He instantly attached his lips to her and she arched her back to offer him her hard nipples. She began to rock slowly as she enjoyed his lips and tongue and she placed her knee on the sofa between his thighs. His hands grabbed her hips as his head pressed between her tits and I saw her hand go between his legs.
She pushed away and stood. Looked at her guest and said, "I want to see your cock."
He stood and began undressing but obviously a little unsteady with the tables turned on him. Once he had removed his shoes and shirt she approached him and deftly unfastened his belt. She unzipped his fly and opened his slacks pushing them down his hips to the floor. She backed up a step and turned so that he could step clear of his slacks and also providing a profile view to me. She slipped her fingers in the waistband of his tight boxers and pulled the front of the elastic away from his body.
In one motion she slid down to her knees as she guided the underwear down his hard thighs.
He was immense and as she slid down she reached her mouth forward and engulfed him as she continued to slide the underwear to the ground. He rocked back and moaned as she took most of him between her lips.
She was like a woman possessed and consumed him while pulling his hips toward her. He stood and rocked back and unsteadily gained a rhythm with her. I had never seen her like this but was incredibly turned on.
Just as I thought she was going to take him in her mouth, she pulled away and I heard her say, "I've got to feel that thing inside me."
She turned and placed her hands on the edge of the bed and simply offered her perfect butt to him.
For the first time since they arrived in the room he took control and placing one hand on her hip, he guided his cock easily inside her drenched pussy. I had to admit that I thought of her birth control pills in that moment but was mesmerized as his enormous cock filled her. She arched her back and it was obvious that she wanted to feel him deep.
They achieved a rhythm and then he grabbed her tightly and I could tell he was filling her pussy. She rocked her head back and as her bobbed blonde hair swung one more time she felt her orgasm consume her.
The sight was euphoric. It was more than I had imagined. My normally shy wife, took control and satisfied my desires. I hoped that she was as fulfilled as I was. I was pleased that she would give of herself for my pleasure but hoped that she achieved pleasure as well.
They both fell to the bed and slowly regained their normal breathing. They eventually stirred and began the some small talk and caressing as they came down from the sexual high of the evening.
I heard low voices and then movement as he began to collect his clothes. I saw him dress and Paula, still naked. Walk him to the door and with a polite kiss closed the door behind him.
I suddenly realized my muscles were protesting the odd positon in the confined space. I saw another light illuminate the room and then there was Paula, opening the door and standing gloriously naked in front of me.
Her smile convinced me that the pleasure had indeed been mutual.
Somehow I knew that even though we would be back in suburbia tomorrow, my wife had discovered something lasting from this weekend.