When I opened my eyes, I knew the morning was going to be rocky. The sun was already up, which meant somehow I slept through my alarm or had turned it off. I quickly showered and dressed and settled on pulling the duvet up over the bed. I grabbed my tea and headed into the office, with my hair in a ponytail. Fortunately my meetings didn't start till 10, as I was much later than normal. At least it was a Friday and I could relax this weekend.
During the elevator ride, I pulled out my phone to check my calendar for the day. The first thing I noticed was 7 text messages, likely from my worried assistant. I hit the green and white icon only to find that the only people sending me messages are Mark and my neighbor Will. I start with Will, as it is rare for me to get a text from him.
"Everything okay?"
He sent it around 10:30 last night, which would have been right around the time I was enjoying myself. I am so embarrassed. I hardly know Will, but he seems like a nice guy. We exchanged keys in case we get locked out, or need help with a package or watering plants when we are out of town. The only thing I know about him is that he's a little younger - probably early 30s - and seems to live an active social life.
"All's good. Why?"
Then I move on to Mark's texts. I'm mortified. I look at the recent calls on my phone and my worst fears are confirmed. Some of my fun last night was apparently recorded on a 10 minute voice mail I inadvertently left for Mark. I'm tempted to delete his name and block him forever, but I decide to just ignore the texts and he'll get the message.
By the time lunch rolls around, I have compartmentalized everything and moved on. It's been a productive morning other than trying to convince my assistant Liz that the extra bounce in my step is due to an extra hour of sleep in this morning. She's too professional to roll her eyes, but I know her well enough to realize she is convinced that I got lucky last night. If she only knew.
On my way down to get Thai food, I realize I have 5 new messages.
Will: "Heard some stuff last night. Just checking in."
Me: "I'm good. Was nothing. Thanks, though."
Will: "OK. But your nothing sounds way better than my somethings."
Is Will flirting with me? I don't think he's ever flirted before. I've never considered him as anything other than a neighbor, so I'll ignore it.
Me: "haha"
Will: "I'm having a party Saturday night, btw. Stop on by."
Me: "Sounds good. I might. Later."
I grab a table and after placing my order for Panang Curry, I decide to open the recent texts from Mark. He is persistent, I'll give him that. His invite for dinner seems harmless enough and the restaurant is a new one that I've been dying to try. I'm impressed enough that he got a table, so I text him back.
"I'd love to. See you there at 7:30."
I'll have to head home before I go out, as I'm wearing jeans and a sweater, whereas the restaurant is definitely a more formal establishment.
I toy with responding to his other texts, but I have no idea what to say, so I decide to leave him hanging.
The afternoon goes by quickly, and on the drive back home I've decided on my outfit. After a quick shower, I slide on my white lace panties and matching bra. Does it look too innocent? I admire myself in the mirror and finally accept that since I don't have a lot of options I'm going with this pair as they make me feel sexy. After sliding into my blue dress I grab my blue pumps. Boring. I find myself going back and forth between two pairs of shoes before finally deciding on the red heels. Why not make a statement. I can feel sexy and patriotic at the same time.
I'm excited for the evening, mainly because I'm having a great hair day and I've decide my lips will match my heels. I grab my coat and purse and head out.
I suppose it's a good sign when the valet checks you out. My smile is genuine, as he just made my evening. Mark is already inside and has a drink for me. I almost expected a shot of Tequila, but it is a Meritage he offers. I'm grateful, as red wine is just what I need.
Somehow I'm not as nervous as I expected. We sit down and find ourselves transported back in time. He is a great conversationalist and I find myself grateful for accepting the invitation. The second glass of wine has arrived and I find myself lingering on Mark's shoulders. I had forgotten how broad they are. I wish I was sitting next to him and not across from him, but I can't find a good excuse. I'm also worried, because he has kept the conversation almost professional, steering away from anything sexual. Perhaps he's worried that we went too far last night with the texting. Maybe it's the wine, but I feel myself wanting to break out of my mold.
"Will you excuse me, please? I'll be right back."
He stands up and watches me head to the ladies room. Once inside, I slip into the stall and am back out in no time.
"You're quick, Jenny."
"I'm efficient"
I'll say. I slide next to him in the booth and kiss his cheek. "It's really good to see you, Mark. I'm glad you're back in the area."
I can tell he's still a little uncertain. "Thanks, Jenny."
"Let's order some dessert, Mark. How about if we split a chocolate mousse?"
"I'd love that."
By the time it comes out, I've helped to thaw the temperature a little that I feel comfortable with my next step. I begin to feed Mark small bites from my spoon, sharing the same spoon. In no time, we're done. "Let's go dancing, Mark. I know a great place!"
We decide to leave the cars there and Uber. Inside the car, Mark leans into me and whispers a few thoughts into my ear. Even though I like what I'm hearing, I find myself laughing and politely demurring for now.
As we pull into the club, I find myself disappointed. The line to get in is 20 people deep and I'm not excited to stay outside. I start to tell Mark to go someplace else when he lightly pulls my hand and walks up to the front. He whispers something to the bouncer, they laugh, and I find myself inside the club.
The energy is high. I want to dance right away, so we head to the dance floor. I had forgotten how comfortable Mark is on the floor. Although I had seen him do ballroom and swing, he is just as comfortable with the club music. I find myself enjoying his hands on my hips and we occasionally grind to the music. After a few dances, I grab his hands and bring them around to my back side and slowly pull his hands down over my hips. Perhaps it is my dress, but he doesn't pick up the hint. After two more songs, we head back to our table and I pull the item out of my purse and place it in his hands. He doesn't even need to look at it. His eyes get bigger and he places the item in his slacks. His hands then rub the side of my legs, from my thigh up to my hips. I can tell by his breathing that I've finally gotten a rise out of him. Now, for the next step.
I pull Mark out to the dance floor and we continue to dance closely. I kiss him hard on the lips and his hands work their way back to my hips. I haven't had this much excitement in years. I can feel my nipples getting hard and wish I had worn a padded bra. His eyes fall to my chest and I'm sure he has noticed the bumps in my dress.
"I see your nipples still get hard when excited."
I raise my eyebrows.
"Do other parts of your body still react the same way?"
"Wouldn't you like to know?"
"Yes, Jennie, I would."
I pull him back to the table and look around. It's dark enough and no one is looking at us. I reach under the tablecloth and hike my hem up a little. Thanks to my action in the restaurant, I have unfettered access. I slide my index finger inside and pull it back out.
"Open your mouth"
I rub my finger along his lips before sliding it inside his mouth. His lips close around my finger and I pull my finger back out.
"You taste good. Very good."
His right hand works over my way and slides under the table. I feel his fingers coming up my thigh and my legs starts to tremble. I shift in my seat and open my knees a little more. By the time his fingers have reached my slit, my heart has started to beat really fast and my breathing becomes shallow. He is playing with me, right in the club, and I don't care. I don't think anyone can see me, but this is more than I've ever done in public. He is slowly teasing me, rubbing my clit and then inserting his finger into me slowly. I can feel a slight buildup, but he is taking his time. He must know how excited he has made me, given how wet I am.
I start to rub his pants. I can feel the outline of his throbbing head poking through his slacks. By now he has slid two fingers inside of me and is fucking me with his fingers. "That feels really good, Mark." I push myself forward onto his fingers and try to clamp down with my muscles. His thumb occasionally rubs across my clit, sending sparks through my body. Part of me wants to stop this right now, as I'm on the verge of having an orgasm. But I continue rubbing him and soon I feel myself start to tremble more.
He senses it and whispers a question.
"Yes, Mark. I want to come. Please don't stop."
He pushes his fingers in and out faster and I find myself shaking. I'm biting down on my lip, trying desperately not to make any noises. After my body stops shaking, I whimper and pull his hand back.
"Thank you, Mark. That was incredible."
I want to return the favor, but as I look around I notice that we don't have as much privacy as I thought we did. On my right is a couple smiling at me. I smile back and hold Mark's hand. I lean over and whisper into his ear. He looks their way and then whispers back.
"Maybe they did see. I didn't notice."
I need to use the ladies room as I am sopping and have nothing to soak it up. Just as I open the door, I feel a touch on my shoulder. It is the lady from the other table.
"You are so incredibly sexy. I wanted to personally thank you for what you did back there."
Normally I would be incredibly embarrassed, but for some reason I'm not tonight.
"Thank you."
"We would love to hang out with you guys sometime. Can I get your number?"
I politely decline and head to the stall. I place my panties back on and walk out. I grab Mark's hand and whisper into his ear.
"Let's go back to my place. I want to take care of you, now."
As we head out, I notice Mark wave at the couple next to us.
"Do you know them?"
"No, I just met them. She handed me her card if we ever want to hang out."
I take the card from Mark and laugh. She's a persistent woman. That's for sure.
We decide to Uber straight back to my place. The entire ride, I can only think of one thing. How much I want to please Mark. I have several ideas percolating in my head and can't wait to try them out.