Aiden felt himself filling with rage. He couldn't believe what he was seeing. The other members of the baseball team were oblivious; they couldn't know. He watched as they clapped while listening to Coach Kaplan speak.
Coach was standing at the front of a small stage. He was motioning to a small group of young men standing at his side.
"I hope you all had a good off-season, boys," he said. "It's nice to see so many returning faces. I'm looking forward to getting to work with you all again for another year. I would like you all to welcome your new teammates."
He waved his outstretched hand in front of the five students standing by his side. Aiden felt his stomach turn; he was beginning to accept that this was happening.
"First, we have Ricky," he said. The group clapped in unison -- except for Aiden. "He is a freshman who played with his high school team. Next is Logan. He's a junior transfer coming to us from Colorado. This is Edward. He's a sophomore who played basketball in high school before he realized he could be playing baseball instead." Coach chuckled at his own non-joke.
The three young men smiled and nodded upon introduction. The audience continued to clap after each name was announced. The occasional "Welcome" would interrupt Coach's remarks.
Coach continued going down the line. "We have a two-for-one here. This is Sam and Francis."
Francis interjected, "Actually, I go by Frank."
"Sam and Frank," Coach said, correcting himself. "They are both junior transfers coming to us from Eldridge Community College. They played together on the same team in high school."
Aiden watched as Sam and Frank smiled at the group. Frank nodded at a few of the guys in the crowd. Coach shifted into a motivational speech about his goals for the upcoming season.
Aiden could feel the heat rushing to his head. He began to get a little dizzy and could hear his heart beat rapidly in his chest. He started to feel like he was becoming disconnected from reality. Coach's voice slowly faded away.
Aiden could see himself walking down the hallway of his high school. Having just turned 18 years old, during senior year, he was only 5'7" and 135lbs. He was much smaller than the majority of his peers. He was dressed in a pair of pleated Khakis and a Polo shift that was tucked into his pants. He looked more like a scrawny businessman than a public-school student.
He watched as Sam and Frank walked up to his younger self. They were followed by three other young men from the school's baseball team. Frank pushed Aiden against the locker as he passed; the books in Aiden's arms fell to the ground.
"Assholes," whispered Aiden, as the they all continued to pass him by.
"What? What did I hear you say, fag?" asked Sam.
Frank and Sam walked back over to Aiden. He was on his knees, picking up his books. He looked up at them with mild disdain on his face.
"Nothing," he replied.
"That's what I thought. I knew a little pussy like you wouldn't be disrespecting me and my friend here."
Aiden avoided making eye contact. He looked back at the ground to focus on collecting his books. He felt an open palm make forceful contact with his forehead. He tumbled backwards, slamming his head against the locker behind him. He felt immense pain rush through his skull.
Aiden was suddenly jolted back to the present, where he was supposed to be listening to Coach talk. He felt the same throbbing in his head that had stayed with him for several days after Sam had slammed him into that locker four years ago. The same rage bubbled within him; he had worked so hard to let it go since graduating high school.
Aiden focused his attention on Sam. Sam looked the same as he had when Aiden last saw him at commencement. He was 6'2" with a muscular body. He had wavy brown hair and green eyes. His large smile took up a little too much room on his face. He had pale skin, with the exception of some rosy coloring on his cheeks.
Aiden shifted his gaze to Frank. He had changed quite a bit. He was 5'10" with a lean, toned body. He clearly worked out, but not to the same extent as Sam. He had shaved his head since high school; only a few buzzed centimeters of hair remained. Aiden thought that the red shade of Frank's cropped hair made his blue eyes appear incredibly vivid in contrast.
Aiden finally refocused on Coach; he was telling everyone to get to know one another over the weekend. He wanted them to make friends with the new guys. Aiden felt himself becoming more grounded in the room; he directed his attention away from his former tormentors.
Coach rapidly exited the room after concluding his comments. He had noted that he had another meeting he needed to attend across campus.
The twenty returning teammates started mingling with the newbies. Aiden didn't move. He curtly introduced himself to Edward when he came over; he was too distracted by his own anger. Luckily, another returning player was standing next to Aiden and he was far more engaged in making conversation.
Aiden spent the next ten minutes trying to keep tabs on Sam and Frank so that he could shift amongst the crowd when they started to move closer. Once he felt like he'd put in enough time to avoid being called rude, he left.
"I've got to run," he told Ricky and his returning teammate Quentin.
He hurried toward the exit; he realized he had left his duffel bag under his seat. He turned around and collided with someone. He stumbled backwards falling on his ass.
He shook his head from side to side as he tried to shake off having the wind knocked out of him. He looked up, seeing Sam standing in front of him. Aiden felt his heart begin to speed up in his chest. He stifled a silent scream as he stared blankly at his former tormentor.
"You okay, buddy?" Sam asked. He extended his hand down to Aiden. "Here, let me help you up. Guess we kind of collided there, huh?"
Aiden took Sam's hand and rose to his feet. He was still in a daze. He felt like a dense fog had overtaken his mind while his body was screaming at itself to stay on high alert.
"I'm Sam. I just transferred from Eldridge," Sam said.
Sam continued to state a few more banal pieces of information about himself. Aiden continued staring at him blankly. Then he noticed Frank walking over towards the two of them.
"Sam, we've got to go," Frank said. "We have to attend that mandatory thing for the transfer students."
"That's now?" Sam asked. "I was just telling our new teammate here a little bit about myself. I'm sorry, what did you say your name was?" Sam inquired, looking into Aiden's eyes.
"Charles," Aiden blurted out.
"I was just telling Charles about how we were on the same team in high school," Sam said. "Coach said we should all get to know one another if we are going to be a cohesive team. Too bad we have to go. I hadn't told him about your killer curveball yet."
"Nice to meet you, Charles," Frank stated with a grin. "We do really have to leave. I'm sure we'll get to talk with Charles more at one of the parties this weekend, right?"
"Sure. I'll be around," Aiden replied.
Sam and Frank said a quick goodbye and exited. Aiden left through a different door and headed back to his apartment a few blocks away from campus.
Aiden couldn't believe what had just occurred. He had just spoken with two of the guys who had bullied him the most during high school, and they hadn't even recognized him. He was still not sure why he had said his name was Charles. He hadn't technically lied, though, since his full name was Aiden Charles.
After mulling it over some more, Aiden's shock and anger were replaced by relief. He thought that maybe, if Sam and Frank didn't recognize him, they would see him differently now. He wondered if they would see him as a friend instead of as a target.
Aiden had changed a lot since high school. He'd had a late growth spurt the summer after graduation -- two full inches of height. He'd decided in the first week of college that he wanted things to be different going forward. He'd taken a weightlifting class and had tried out for the school's baseball team. Even though he'd been a rubbish player, he'd still been allowed to join the team; the college was very small and not at all competitive when it came to athletics.
Aiden had been told by all his high school friends that he looked so different when he would return home for holidays. He was taller and much more muscular. He has also grown a thick, black beard; it wasn't unkempt, but it was definitely scruffy.
Aiden was feeling emotionally drained by everything that had happened that morning. He decided to take a nap. He was hopeful that the mental fogginess would be gone when he woke up.
Aiden could see his younger self alone at a table in his high school cafeteria. He knew that it was about two weeks before graduation. The scrawny businessman was writing in a notebook. Aiden, the observer, dreaded what was to come, but knew that he was powerless to stop it. He was tethered to his younger self, doomed to feel what he felt while also watching impotently from afar.
Sam and Frank walked up behind the poor kid. Sam grabbed his notebook and held it open in front of his face. He rubbed his chin like he was reading something intriguing.
"Give that back," Aiden cried.
Aiden started to stand so he could grab his notebook. Frank planted his hands on Aiden's shoulders, pushing him to a seated position. Aiden could feel his head pounding; it reminded him of being slammed into the locker a few weeks earlier.
"Hey everybody, listen to this," Sam shouted.
Most of the thirty other students in the cafeteria quieted and turned to see what was happening. Aiden felt himself blush; he hated being the center of attention.
"Dear Diary, it's me Gay-den," Sam pretended to read from the notebook. "I have to tell you a secret; I have a crush."
Sam paused for dramatic effect. A few of the other students started laughing.
"He turns me on so much that I can't help myself. I play with my teeny cock each night as I think about him," Sam said.
Aiden stared down at the table. He could feel tears welling up in his eyes, as he listened to more students howling at Sam's joke.
"I stare at his package in gym class. I can't help but look at his hot fire-crotch," Sam proclaimed, smiling at Frank. Aiden could hear Frank chuckling from behind him.
"I'm in love with Frank Lehrman, and I want his fiery cock in my mouth so bad!" Sam chortled.
"Gay-den, you little fag!" yelled Frank. "I don't think you can handle my 'fire-crotch.'"
Frank reached around to the table holding condiments behind where he was standing. He grabbed a bottle of hot sauce and popped off the lid. He positioned it in front of his crotch and spun around so it was next to Aiden's face.
"Gay-den, all your hot talk has got me going," he said, holding the bottle like it was a firm erection. "My hot cock is going to erupt."
Aiden was crying. He looked up to see most of his peers cackling or giving him looks of pity. He wanted to disappear into the floor.
"I'm cumming," Frank groaned, as he started shaking the bottle in Aiden's face.
Aiden felt burning as the hot sauce made contact with his eyes. Frank managed to shake it three or four times before Aiden slapped the bottle away. Aiden twisted himself free of Frank's remaining hand on his shoulder. He started running towards the exit.
Aiden woke up breathing heavily. He could feel cold, damp sweat causing his shirt to cling to his chest. He knew in that moment that he would never be friends with Sam and Frank. He needed to get what he had been wanting for years: revenge.
Aiden spent the next few hours coming up with a plan. He treated it like he was creating the outline for a story he would have crafted in his creative writing class last year. He soon realized that it was 6 pm, and he needed to start shifting to action.
Aiden texted Coach to ask for the new players' numbers. He said that he wanted to send them all his number, in case they needed anything.
He sent Sam and Frank text messages reading: "Team meeting in the locker room tomorrow at noon. Newbies, come prepared to show your worth and that you can listen to your senior teammates!"
Aiden knew, through various rumors, that the baseball team in his high school was big on hazing players for the first week after they joined. He had heard stories of students being forced to drink to the point of blacking out, senior members physically beating new members, and lots of stories about guys having to get naked. He had heard that Sam and Frank were the most vehement supporters of this hazing since they viewed it as a rite of passage.
Aiden could feel a shift inside of himself as he was getting ready for bed. His heart rate had slowed. The fog that had overtaken his mind started to clear. He still felt rage, but not in the same way. It was focused -- driven by purpose. It was so different from what he'd felt in high school for so many years.
It felt good.
* * * * *
Aiden was positioned in a storage closet in the locker room; he was peering through the cracked door. He had arrived earlier to get things into place for the plan.
Aiden watched Sam and Frank enter the locker room at 11:58am. Sam was dressed in baggy, black athletic shorts, a white tank top, and sandals. Frank was wearing jeans, a t-shirt, and sneakers. Sam's hair was still a bit wet; it looked like he had showered shortly before coming.
"Where is everyone?" Frank asked. "You would think more of the guys would be here already."
"I am sure there's something going on," Sam replied. "You read that message. They are going to make us jump through some hoops before we are part of the team. I just hope it's not as bad as what we used to do to our newbies in high school."
Sam walked across the room. There was a white piece of paper taped to the locker. He pulled it off began to read the message inside: "'Open the locker and put on what you find inside. Take off everything else, except your underwear. And then, just wait.'"
Frank walked over and opened the locker. They both looked inside. Sam grabbed a piece of black fabric, as well as a small note that sat on top of it.
"'Put this over your head,'" Sam read.
"Great, they are having us strip to our underwear and are keeping us from seeing anything. I guess we are going to be taking a beating," Frank ventured.
"It is what it is," Sam replied. "They aren't going to do any real damage. We just have to pay our dues."
Aiden was pleased to hear that they weren't questioning anything, He had been a little worried that they would see through the ruse, or choose to wait to comply until other newbies arrived.
Sam pulled off his tank top and placed it on the bench. He had firm pecs and massive biceps. Aiden could see his muscles react to each of his movements. His abs had tensed as he'd pulled the tank top over his head. His torso was completely smooth. He kicked off his sandals and yanked down his shorts. He has wearing tight black briefs that were snug against his bulky thighs. Aiden could see his firm, defined ass when he bent over to pick up the shorts.
Frank was also disrobing, but Aiden had been paying less attention to him. He was still pulling off his tight jeans after Sam had finished. Frank took another few seconds to gather his clothes from the floor and place them in a loose ball next to Sam's items.
Frank was wearing blue boxer briefs. He was much leaner than Sam. He had a taut body that did not have too much excess muscle. Whereas Sam looked broad and massive, Frank looked streamlined, but dense. There was a red tuft of hair on his pecs. The skin of his chest and thighs were the same sun-kissed color as the rest of his body.
Sam held up the black hood. He let out a small, exasperated sigh.
"Okay. I just want to let you know; I am not doing any gay shit," said Sam. "I mean, I'm fine getting naked. We used to make guys do that all the time. But I'm not doing more than that."
"Same," replied Frank. "You don't think they'll ask us to do anything like that, do you?"
"I doubt it, but who knows?" Sam said. "I've rubbed my nuts on newbies' faces, and we made a few of them 'sword fight,' so it might not be off the table."
Sam and Frank both looked at the hoods. Sam slid his over his head first; Frank followed his lead. They both stood there in silence for a few moments.
"I guess we wait now, huh?" asked Frank.
Aiden listened as they stood there largely silently for a few minutes. They made a few comments about wondering what was going to happen, as well as talking about the parties they had attended the past few nights.
Aiden slowly opened the closet door and walked into the locker room. He moved over to where Sam and Frank were standing. He was sure they could hear his footsteps but neither of them moved or said anything.
"Hey there, guys. It's Charles from yesterday," Aiden said. "This is Sam and Frank from Eldridge, right? I was assigned by the captain to come fetch you two. Thought I should check since I can't see your faces."
"Yes, it's us," Sam responded, in a guarded tone.
"Okay, guys. I just want to reassure you that this is just some basic initiation stuff," Aiden told them. "I'll get in trouble if I tell you all the details, but you are all forced to walk to the storage shed and back like this. Then you'll put your clothes back on and we'll have you do some drunken drills on the field."
Aiden could hear a sigh of relief from both of them. He assumed that neither of them was too worried about being seen in their underwear, and he knew for a fact they were both looking forward to getting drunk.
"Thanks for being so cool," Frank said.
"No problem," Aiden replied. "So...I need you to face the lockers."
They both turned around without asking why. Aiden assumed that they were less resistant now that they had a sense of what was to come.
"I need you to put your hands behind your backs with the wrists crossed," Aiden stated.
Sam and Frank complied, though Sam did hesitate for a second. Aiden quickly fastened a zip tie around Sam's wrists. Then he did the same with Frank's.
"What's that?" Frank asked.
"Nothing. Some of the guys try to cover the bulges in their underwear so this keeps that from happening," he responded. "Okay. I am going to take you to meet with the other newbies now. Follow my lead."
Sam and Frank turned so their backs were to the lockers. Aiden reach back using each hand to hook his middle and index fingers into the front of their underwear to guide them forwards by pulling. He directed them towards to exit that led to the storage shed, which was about 50 feet away from the building.
"Wait a second. I'm getting a text from our captain," Aiden said. "Brett wants to up the ante this year. He figures nobody can tell who you are because of the hoods, right? I mean you are kind of like masked superheroes or something."
"I guess," Frank replied.
"The new plan is that you are supposed to strip completely. I'll guide you in a loop around the building into the weight room, where the other guys are waiting. Then you'll run to the shed and back here to change," Aiden said.
"I'm not sure," Frank squeaked.
"Dude, it will be fine," Sam reassured him. "Nobody can see through these hoods, and it only takes a minute to loop around the gym. It could be so much worse."
"Fine," Frank responded.
"Okay; take off your underwear," Aiden said. "Oh shit, you can't. I'll have to help, I guess." He tried to sound reluctant -- even disgusted.
Aiden reached toward Sam's underwear first. He rubbed his hand on Sam's cock through the fabric as he pretended to struggling gripping his finger into the waistband with the other hand. He gave it a firm squeeze, as he yanked down Sam's briefs.
Sam stood there naked. His cock was 6 inches flaccid, and it was of ample girth. He did not have any pubic hair. Aiden supposed that he shaved it all off. Sam's cock was sticking to his thigh. Aiden reached down and pulled Sam's cock away from his leg so it was hanging more freely.
"What the fuck?" Sam exclaimed.
"My bad. I grazed you as I was trying to move over to help Frank," he replied.
Sam remained silent. Aiden could see his cock having a delayed reaction. It twitched a few times, and it gained about an inch of length.
Aiden pulled off Frank's boxer briefs. Frank's cock was about five inches flaccid. It was not as meaty as his friend's, but it was well-proportioned to his leaner frame. Frank was, in fact a fire-crotch. He had a small bush of trimmed orange-red pubic hair at the base of his shaft.
"Like Sam said, this will only take a minute," Aiden said. "We should be at the entrance to the weight room in no time. I am going to guide you with my voice so just follow me. I'll help with the few steps at the entrance when we get there."
Aiden pushed the door open leaving the locker room. Sam and Frank just stood there frozen.
"Let's get cracking, boys," Aiden said, aping an impatient coach's voice. "We don't want to keep the others waiting."
Sam stepped out into the sunlight. Aiden watched as it cascaded across his ripped body. Frank followed with a more hesitant gait. Aiden let the door shut with a loud bang so they both knew they had left safe territory.
Aiden knew that the journey to the weight room would be quick and painless. He needed more than that to move past what had happened to him. It was unlikely that anyone would even be near the gym since it was on the edge of campus and only used by athletic teams.
"This way," Aiden said, as he started walking around the gym.
Aiden watched his two bullies walking naked, side by side, with black hoods covering their heads. He felt pleasure seeing them take uneasy steps and react to small noises with sharp jerks. He knew they needed to feel what it was like to experience the same loss of control he had once suffered at their hands.
"Fuck, guys, fuck!" Aiden exclaimed. "Campus security is rounding the building. I'm going to need you to hide. You'll have to squeeze in this gap, and I'll block you from view."
Aiden had decided that pretending security was coming was a good start to making them feel a loss of control. He grabbed Sam by the shoulder and pushed him towards the building. He pulled Frank by the elbow and positioned him so he was facing Sam.
"Just slide to your right into the gap," Aiden said. "It's a really tight fit for two people."
Aiden watched as they both started to slide into the crack, only to realize that they were going to be touching one another. He stepped over to them; he placed his hands on their asses and pushed them closer together. He could see their cocks slapping into one another as they shimmied into the space.
Aiden leaned against them so he could feel their warm, tangled bodies pushing into his back. He felt pressure as they squirmed against one another. Neither of them said a single word.
"Okay, coast is clear," Aiden said. "You can come out now."
Aiden watched Frank shimmying toward the opening while Sam remained in place. Frank popped out of the nook. He looked a little short of breath with his chest heaving.
"Sam, are you coming?" Aiden asked.
Sam slowly made his way out of the space. His cock was fully erect at 9 inches. It was pulsing a bit in front of him.
Aiden decided to poke fun at Sam's erection with a little wordplay. "Wow, Sam, I didn't think it would be so HARD...," he said, pausing a few seconds. "...for you to get out of that tight space! I guess you are a massive guy though, when standing fully erect. Bigger than 6 inches, I mean feet, right?"
"I, um, I..." Sam started to explain. His faced was flushed, and he was fidgeting. Aiden was sure that if his hands weren't zip-tied, they'd be covering his cock -- or trying, at least.
"We've got to keep moving," Aiden interrupted. "I got a text and they are all waiting on us. They said they are locking the door if we aren't there in a minute." He could see Sam's shoulders slump a bit at this news. Frank started breathing more rapidly.
"I can get us there, but I need to guide you with more than my voice. Is that okay?" Aiden asked.
"Yes," Sam and Frank replied, in unison.
Aiden assumed they thought he was going to stand behind them and direct them by placing his hands on their backs. He reached back and grabbed each of their cocks. He firmly grasped onto Sam's rock-hard rod and Frank's flaccid member. They both let out a loud gasp.
"Less than a minute now," Aiden warned them.
Aiden pulled them forward with force. They were moving at a pace somewhere between walking and jogging. He was making an effort to massage both of their cocks in his clenched fists as they were running. He could feel Sam's warm cock sliding in and out of his hand with increasing force.
Aiden could feel pre-cum trickle from Sam's cock head. It acted as lube, lessening the friction between his cock and Aiden's fist. He thought he could hear Sam breathing deeper than he had been a few moments earlier.
Aiden stopped walking. He maintained his firm grasp on their cocks. Frank's member was now semi-erect at about 6 inches. It was starting to bow upwards, with a curve, as it became harder.
"There are three steps," Aiden told them. "I'm going to walk up backwards so I can guide you so you don't fall."
Aiden let go of their cocks and spun around to face them. His left hand was wet with Sam's sticky pre-cum. He reached out with that hand to grab Frank's cock and used his other hand on Sam.
"What the hell!" exclaimed Frank. "Is that lube on your hand?"
"No," Aiden said. "I think Sam got excited from all the movement. He started leaking a bit."
"I'm sorry," Sam replied in a dejected tone.
Aiden pulled them up the three steps towards the door. He would let go of their cocks as they mounted each step, then reach out again to pull them up the next step with a firm stoke, base to tip.
Sam and Frank were both standing on the top step, completely erect. Frank's cock had grown to 8 inches, and its upward curve was even more pronounced. Aiden assumed that Sam's pre-cum lube was what pushed him over the edge from semi to completely hard.
Aiden knew that the door was locked and nobody was inside. But he made a show of trying to open the door and knocking loudly, while calling for his teammates to let them in. He pretended to pull out his phone.
"Another text. It says that we took too long so you two have to loop around to the other side and enter through Coach's office," Aiden said.
Aiden heard Frank breathing deeply. He seemed overwhelmed by this new development. Sam just stood there; his cock was continuing to pulse from time to time.
"Guys, I think I am going to leave you here and let you figure things out," Aiden said.
"No!" they both shouted in a panic.
"I mean I have been trying to help you out, but it is too much. I'm starting to think you are a gay or something. Who else would get hard from a guy touching them in this situation?" he asked. "I'll guide you the rest of the way, but I'm going to lead from behind so I don't have to stare at your erections."
Aiden led Sam and Frank down the stairs. He placed his hands on their shoulders to steady them as they awkwardly descended. Aiden positioned himself behind them. He reached out and grabbed a handful of each of their asses with his hands.
"I'm going to push you from behind. If you have a problem with that, I can let you find your own way," Aiden barked.
"Do what you gotta do, man," Sam replied hastily.
Aiden started pushing them forward. He knew they were disoriented from having the hoods covering their faces. They had no real way of knowing if he was taking them to the other side of the gym or to a different location.
Aiden was pushing them both toward the other side of the gym, but he veered left, off the path and onto a different route.
"God, I wish this was over," Frank muttered.
There was an intensifying chattering noise approaching the three young men. Aiden could see five young women walking towards them. They were all conversing, while two of them simultaneously looked at their phones. Sam and Frank stopped in their tracks.
Aiden saw the young women stop about twenty feet away. They were laughing and making comments to one another in hushed tones. One of them was taking pictures of the scene with her phone.
"Hey, girls!" Aiden shouted. "Do you like this fresh meat? Come over and take a closer look!"
The young women hesitated for only a moment before they closed the distance. They stood directly in front of Sam and Frank, staring at their bodies. Aiden moved to join them so he, too, could look at his former bullies.
Aiden could see that Frank's erection was waning; however, Sam was still as solid as stone. They young women were pointing at Sam's hard cock.
"How about a group photo?," Aiden said, pointing to the on young woman's phone. "You're only in college once. We can't let you forget this memory."
"Fuck," Frank said, under his breath.
The girls quickly crowded around them. They were all chuckling at the expense of the two unfortunate young men.
Aiden watched as they posed using Sam and Frank as props. One woman leaned her head against Sam's pec muscles. Another made bunny ears behind Frank's head. The woman in wearing red yoga pants squeezed between them. She grabbed each of their asses with one of her hands right as Aiden was taking a picture. Sam and Frank jumped in response to her touch.
Aiden took a few more pictures on the phones. He assured the young women that they were all doing an amazing job with posing and that they looked great.
"Girls, I'm going to have to end this photo shoot," Aiden said. "Your models have another engagement. It's a small campus, though, so I'm sure you'll be seeing Sam Thompkins and Frank Lehrman again."
Aiden handed the phone back to its owner and started pushing Sam and Frank back in the direction they had been headed.
"What was that? You said our names!" Sam proclaimed. "Now they are going to tell everyone who we are."
"Oh fuck," said Aiden. "It just slipped out. I try to say the full name of people I've just met as a tool to help me remember them."
Sam let out a loud sigh in response to Aiden's explanation. Frank was still hyperventilating a bit, and didn't speak. Aiden guided them to metal door that had "Staff Only" painted on it in large letters. He removed a key from his pocket and unlocked the door.
"We made it to Coach's office," he said. He pushed Sam and Frank into the building. He made sure that he gave each of their asses a firm slap as he ushered them inside.
Aiden had not taken them to the Coach's office. He had redirected them to a back entrance of the campus dining hall, which was not too far from the gym. Aiden worked part-time in the kitchen as part of his financial aid package. He had brought them into a room used to store canned foods and other non-perishables.
"I don't hear anyone," said Frank.
"We have to walk through Coach's office to get to the locker room," Aiden replied. "I'm sure the other guys are waiting on us there by now. Oh, right, I'm supposed to cut you free first. Let me find some scissors in Coach's desk."
Aiden walked over to a table and grabbed a red bottle. He carefully unscrewed the lid. He slipped on a plastic glove that was used to prepare certain foods, like chopping onions.
Aiden walked over to a large, green, metal door. He could hear some muted voices on the other side when standing right next to it.
"Found them," he said. "Walk over here."
Sam and Frank tentatively took the fifteen steps needed to reach Aiden. Sam was still sporting a raging erection; his cock remained firm at 9 inches. Frank's cock was semi-hard.
"Stand very still," Aiden instructed. "I don't want to accidentally cut you instead of the zip ties."
Aiden poured the thick red liquid from the bottle into his cupped, gloved hand. He slowly placed his hand a few inches below Sam's cock. He swiftly grabbed onto Sam's hard cock, near the base of his shaft, and spun his palm around the shaft as he pulled towards to cock head.
Sam gasped in surprise. Aiden frantically used the remaining red liquid to coat Frank's cock in the same manner.
"What the fuck was that?" Sam yelled. "What did you put on my cock?"
"Mine too!" Frank chimed in. "What was that, Charles?"
Aiden stood in silence watching Sam and Frank struggle to break through the zip ties. He could tell that they were starting to panic. He wasn't sure if they could already feel the heat, or if they just knew something bad was coming.
Aiden pulled the glove from his hand and tossed it on the floor. He proceeded to yank the black hoods off of his former bullies. They were blinking rapidly, as their eyes adjusted to the light. They both looked at Aiden, and then down at their red-hued cocks.
"Dude, this has gone too far!" Sam blurted out. "Where are we? And what did you do to my cock? It's starting to tingle."
"You mean that red stuff?" Aiden asked. He feigned innocence poorly, on purpose. Beneath it, every word dripped with venom -- with red-hot rage. "I just thought that you both seemed to be having a good walk. Sam, your cock was leaking all over my hand. I just couldn't help myself with your 'hot cocks.'" I mean, I have been in love with Frank since high school, according to you both. I'm surprised that at least he doesn't recognize the feeling of his own red-hot 'cum.'"
"Gay-den?" Frank muttered.
Aiden nodded. He watched as they both started to sweat. Sam's pale skin was beginning to flush. Frank was hyperventilating again, harder than ever. They were both bouncing up and down, as if they were trying to generate a breeze on their cocks. The thick hot sauce clung firmly to their members.
"I can tell you from experience that hot sauce burns in other places, not just inside the mouth," he said. "The doctor I saw in high school told me that I would have had permanent vision damage if I hadn't flushed out my eyes within a few minutes. I wonder if it is the same for cocks?"
Frank looked like he was about to cry. He was shifting his body weight from foot to foot, squirming in pain. Sam looked steadier, like he was trying to breathe through the discomfort.
Aiden saw that Frank's cock was fully erect. He had read online that that was a common response to the capsaicin aggravating the skin. Aiden could see that the few uncovered parts of Sam's cock were even redder than the hot sauce surrounding them.
"Aiden, you got to cut us free," Sam pleaded between controlled breaths. "I mean we were just dumb high school kids. I am so sorry. We didn't mean it. Please, Aiden, please."
Aiden furrowed his brow and gave a slight nod. He was pretending to be pensive.
"Actually, I know what happens," Aiden said. "I researched it. You might not believe it, but guys manage to get hot sauce on their cocks often enough for there to be information about if online. One guy accidentally used hot sauce as lube. He ended up with second degree burns!"
Frank started sobbing. Sam looked Aiden in the eyes. He adopted a more stoic demeanor.
"So, you are going to disfigure us?" Sam asked. "And all because of a joke in high school?"
Aiden stood there, silently staring at them.
"Aiden, I know you probably won't believe this but I am sorry," he said. He did his best to walk the tightrope between being tough and being contrite. "There are a lot of things in my past I regret, and one of them is hurting you. I think you are better than this; you are better than us. Please, have mercy."
Aiden loudly exhaled. He tried his best to look like he had been truly moved by what Sam had said.
"Sam, you're right," he replied. "I wasn't going to disfigure you. I could never permanently harm another person. I was going to tell you that there's a way to stop your pain and ensure you don't end up with burns. I was going to tell you that your only option was to lick the hot sauce off of each other's cocks."
Frank let out a loud gasp; he continued to sob. Sam haltingly nodded at Aiden, like he was trying to assess his next move.
"I'm not going to do that, though," he continued. "You are clearly sorry for what you did to me, so I think things should end here. It's a good thing too. From what I read online, the second degree burns start forming after about five minutes. And you've had that on your cocks for four minutes already," Aiden said.
"Thank you, thank you," Frank bellowed.
Aiden pulled a pair of scissors from his pocket. He nodded towards the door right behind him.
"There's a restroom on the other side," he said. "Come stand over here, and I'll cut you free. You are really going to need to rinse the hot sauce off completely in the sink. I would say for at least a few minutes if you want to avoid burns."
Sam and Frank bounded over to Aiden. They turned to face the large door. Aiden could tell they were desperate to get to the bathroom so they could rinse off the fiery sauce. Frank's breathing had slowed again; Aiden assumed he was feeling calmer now that he was close to being freed.
Aiden stuck the scissors back in his pocket. He leveraged his body weight to forcefully shove Sam and Frank into the door. As they collided with it, it swung open. They fell to the ground on the other side. Aiden also slipped through into this new room. He made sure the door's latch locked as he pulled it shut. He scuttled to a corner of this new space, where he stood partially obstructed by a vending machine.
Aiden heard gasps coming from the room. He looked out to see people dropping their forks mid-bite. He felt malicious joy. He was back in the cafeteria -- or close enough to it -- and this time, he was the one with all the power.
Sam and Frank awkwardly untangled themselves and found their way onto their knees. They had a hard time standing with their hands still tied behind their backs. A look of shock washed across their faces. Aiden scanned the dining hall to see that roughly fifty people were watching these two naked men.
"Oh fuck, it burns so much!" Frank shouted.
Sam ran up to a young woman at the table to the right of him and frantically asked, "Where is the closest bathroom?"
"Get away from me, you fucking pervert," she screamed, looking at his bright red, throbbing cock.
Aiden watched as Frank stood there frozen. Sam jumped onto the table next to his friend. He scanned the room. Aiden assumed he was looking for the bathrooms.
Sam's large body was covered in small beads of perspiration. They were dripping down his chest and abs. A rosy hue covered most of his body, including his firm ass. His cock bounced up and down, with the red sauce still clinging to its shaft and head.
"This isn't a fucking joke!" Sam roared. "Where is the bathroom?"
A woman's voice in the crowd chimed up, "They are by the vending machines. But they are locked. The sign says they are out of order."
"Fuck, fuck, fuck! My cock is on fire!" Frank squealed.
Sam jumped down from the table. He ran over to another table, this one occupied by a group of coeds. They looked at him with a sense of bewilderment as he stood next to them. His cock was at their eye level since they were seated.
"I know this sounds crazy. Some guy put hot sauce of my cock. It burns so fucking bad. My hands are tied behind my back so I can't clean it off," he explained. "Can one of you please rub it off? There's some napkins right there on the table."
Aiden watched as one of the guys at the table jumped to his feet. He gave Sam a firm push against his large pecs. Sam stumbled backwards, almost losing his footing.
"Get away from us, you fucking weirdo," the young man yelled. "Why don't you ask your friend to help you out?"
Sam stumbled over to where Frank was standing, next to an empty table by the door through which they had entered. Aiden watched from his position in the corner. He felt a sense of pride that he had been able to make this happen. He felt some of his rage slip away, knowing that Sam and Frank were finally being punished for their crimes against him.
Everyone in the room was silent. Aiden wondered if they were still processing whether this bizarre scenario was actually happening. He could hear Sam and Frank clearly, even though they were twenty feet away.
"Look at me, Frank," Sam commanded. "My cock is burning so fucking bad. I know yours must be hurting just as much, right?"
"God, yes," Frank replied, as his thighs spasmed from the discomfort he was experiencing in his groin.
"It has been past five minutes. Aiden said that's when the permanent damage starts to happen. You don't want to have to have our cocks amputated, do you?" he asked.
"No," replied Frank, his voice timid and cracking.
"I can't believe I am going to say this, but I'm going to need you to lick this off my cock.," he said, obviously trying to preempt any of Frank's objections. "And right away! It's not gay; we don't have a choice! I swear, it will be over so quick! And then I'll do the same for you. Once we get most of it off, we can get some real help."
Frank stood there, looking down and shaking his head from side to side.
Aiden felt his heart starting to speed up; he had not thought things would go in this direction. He'd assumed someone would cut them free and they would frantically splash water on their cocks in front of the crowd.
Frank slowly lowered himself to his knees. The people in the crowd gasped. A few of them got up and made their way to the nearest exit.
Sam stepped forward towards Frank. He positioned his tumescent cock about one inch from Frank's lips. Frank did not open his mouth; Sam started swaying his hips, rubbing his urethral opening against Frank's lips.
"Fuck!" Sam screamed. "That is making it burn more. I think it's going into my piss-hole. Please, dude, please!" he pleaded.
Aiden watched as Frank tentatively stuck out his tongue. He started lightly licking Sam's cock head in a gentle manner. He would pull his head back to see where the hot sauce remained before returning to bathing it with his tongue.
"It needs more saliva, Frank," Sam said. "The sauce is stuck on there. Can you just take the tip in your mouth? Close your eyes and pretend it's a popsicle or something."
Frank complied with the request. He took between two and three inches of Sam's cock into his mouth. Aiden could see that his he was moving his head back and forth while using his tongue to circumnavigate around Sam's cockhead.
"Fuck, that is starting to feel better already," Sam said.
Frank pulled back his head, letting Sam's cock pop out of his mouth. He hastily scrambled to his feet.
"You have to do me for a minute now," Frank demanded. "I need to get some of this off before I can go back to you."
Aiden watched as Sam dropped to his knees. He did not hesitate at all. He extended his tongue, dragging in it across the length of Frank's cock several times to remove some of the hot sauce. He stopped for a moment and dribbled saliva onto Frank's cock; then he took the first three inches in his mouth.
Aiden thought he saw tears in Sam's eyes. He wasn't sure if they were from the hot sauce, the humiliation, or both. He certainly knew what his preference was. As far as he was concerned, Sam deserved to die from embarrassment.
"Okay, it is starting to not burn as bad," Franked panted. "The saliva is really helping."
Sam accidentally pulled his head back too far; Frank's curved cock slipped from his lips and sprung up, hitting him in the nose. Sam took this opportunity to jump to his feet.
"Okay. You've got to go back down. I did you for the same amount you did mine. Please get the rest of it off. I promise I will do the same for you," Sam pleaded.
Aiden continued to watch from his protected spot. He was scanning the crowd to take in their reactions. Most of the onlookers appeared shocked or disgusted. A few people were laughing; they must have thought it was some sort of exhibitionist prank. At least five people were filming with their phones.
Frank lowered himself back to the floor. He had inadvertently positioned himself so the back of his head was only a few inches from the edge of the table. Sam stepped forward and let his friend take his cock head into his wet mouth.
Aiden could see that Sam's ass was beginning to rock back and forth ever-so-slightly. He seemed to be reacting to the push and pull of Frank's mouth as it sucked on his cock. Sam's ass flexed, creating little dimples, when he rocked forward.
Aiden heard Sam moaning a bit. Frank suddenly stopped and looked up at his friend.
"Can you try to take more of it in? The middle part is still on fire," Sam asked.
"I don't know. I can try," Frank replied.
Aiden watched as Frank pushed himself forward onto Sam's cock. He hesitated for a moment after the first three inches were in his mouth before lunging forward to take about six inches in total. He pulled back to the tip; he then proceeded to take those six inches in his mouth again in a more fluid motion.
Aiden could see that Sam's eyes were closed and he was breathing more heavily. His chest was heaving in time with the motion of his friend's mouth moving over his cock. He started to rock his hips again with a little more force. Frank moved backwards in response to this thrusting. It took less than a minute before his head was against the edge of the table so he could not shift back any further.
"Fuck, that's good," Sam moaned. "Try to get it all off."
Sam eyes were still closed so he couldn't see that his friend was now pushed into this uncomfortable position with no easy way to extricate himself. Aiden watched as Sam thrusted his hips forward with even more intensity. He could hear Frank gagging, as the full nine inches of Sam's cock slid into his mouth and down his throat. He could see tears starting to well up in Frank's eyes.
"That's it," Sam said. The encouragement he was giving his friend had taken on a distinctly sexual overtone. "That is so good. Keep doing it like that. The drool is really helping."
Sam still hadn't opened his eyes. Aiden knew he wasn't in denial. He knew he was enjoying getting head from his friend -- his friend who might not even be into guys. Sam started thrusting with greater force. He had most of his cock in Frank's mouth all the time; humping his cock in and out only dislodged the three inches closest to the base.
Aiden couldn't believe how far the two of them had gone. Sam was barely even pretending that this was about the hot sauce anymore. He was face-fucking Frank, in public, and getting off on it. Sam started to further increase his pace and intensity. Aiden could hear the back of Frank's head clack against the table with each thrust.
Aiden watched as Sam's shaved nuts tightened closer to his body. Sam shifted into what appeared to be his highest gear; it was like he was jack-hammering Frank's mouth. Frank seemed to be struggling to take it all in but was doing his best to accommodate his friend's massive member without gagging.
Aiden heard Sam let out a loud groan. He paused his rhythmic thrusting with about five inches of his cock still jammed into Frank's mouth. Aiden could see thick, white cum start to spew out of the corners of Frank's mouth and trickle down to his chin. Sam opened his eyes and looked down at his friend.
"Sorry dude," Sam said. He didn't sound very sorry to Aiden. "I didn't mean to bust. It just kind of happened. The feeling of the cum really helps more than anything else with the burning, though. Just hold it in your mouth for another minute."
Aiden could see Frank's eyes widen; he assumed he was not amenable to the request. However, he was, quite literally, not in any position to refuse. Sam slowed thrust his hips again, causing the pool of cum in Frank's mouth to coat his entire cock.
Sam stepped backward after about thirty seconds of stillness. His partially-deflated cock slapped against his thigh. It left a viscous smear of cum behind. Frank held his mouth in an open position. Aiden could see that there was still a small pool of cum cupped on his tongue.
Frank let out a defeated sigh. He closed his mouth and swallowed deeply. Aiden's jaw dropped. He knew there'd been no good options, but never in a million years would he have guessed that Frank would decide to swallow instead of spit. He even briefly wondered if Frank was into guys after all.
Aiden suddenly noticed that he was smiling from ear to ear. He had never imagined that he would get revenge in such a spectacular manner. He had he taken away his former bullies' sense of control and made them pariahs at their new college. Better yet, he'd outed Sam, at least, and maybe Frank too -- just like they'd done to him so many years ago. He felt the last lingering bits of rage and resentment leave him.
Aiden swiftly walked up behind Sam, making an effort to not create any noise. He pulled the scissors from his pocket. He used them to cut the zip tie binding Sam's hands. He tossed the scissors on the floor next to Frank and speedily walked toward the exit. As he was pushing through the doorway, he looked back to see Sam cutting Frank free from his bindings.
Aiden felt the sun shine on his face as he stepped outside. He suddenly thought of the saying: "Revenge is a dish best served cold."
Not true, he thought. Revenge is a dish best served red-fucking-hot.