Nearly 30 years ago I attended college in an idyllic central California town not far from the beach. Despite having graduated so long ago, my wife Anne and I know many people who still live in the area. Every year we take a long weekend to visit our old friends.
This year we left our home in Northern California on a Friday for the 3 1/2 hour drive to the home of our friends Don and Brianna. The plan was that Anne and I would stay at their house Friday and Saturday night, take a hotel room near the beach for Sunday and Monday night, then drive home on Tuesday morning. We arrived at Don and Brianna's around 5 p.m., enjoyed cocktails and a nice dinner. The next day, Anne and I visited with Don and Brianna in the morning then visited other friends during the balance of the day. Sunday was more of the same. It was fun seeing our old friends, but after nearly two full days of visiting we were ready for some down time.
Anne and I eventually found a little time to ourselves when we checked into our hotel on Sunday evening. Over a very casual dinner at a local seafood restaurant we discussed what we wanted to do on Monday. We talked about going hiking in the mountains, taking a tour of one of the many local wineries, or visiting some old friends. We laughed at the last suggestion agreeing that we'd like to enjoy one day alone before heading home.
We woke up around 9 a.m. on Monday to an absolutely gorgeous day, the kind of day you can only have in central California in early October. The sky was perfectly cloudless, there was a light warm breeze blowing and the temperature was in the mid 80's.
"What a great day to go the beach," Anne said as she stepped out onto balcony of our hotel room.
"Then let's go," I said.
"I'd love to but I didn't bring a swim suit, and I bet you didn't either," Anne replied.
"Well, we could always go to that nude beach we used to go to," I suggested, not really thinking that Anne would go for it.
"OK, that sounds great," was her surprising response.
Well, maybe it wasn't so surprising, Anne is truly a stunning woman. She is 5 foot 2 inches tall and weighs 115 pounds. Even though she's 52 years old, her perfectly shaped 34C breasts are perky and defy gravity (and yes, they are natural). Anne has a tight, flat stomach, a beautiful little bubble butt, and lithe shapely legs, all made possible by her 4-times a week work-out regimen of running 10 miles and doing Pilate's and yoga.
She keeps her pubic area nearly shaved clean -- about a year ago she decided to grow a tiny patch of hair about the size of a postage stamp just above her clit. Her pussy lips are full, pink and always seem to shine as if they are wet and ready for sex.
She has a very pretty face, a cute button nose covered with a light dusting of freckles, emerald green eyes and shoulder-length auburn colored hair. No, Anne has absolutely no reason to be ashamed of being naked in front of other people. Unfortunately, she is rather shy and hasn't gone to a nude beach since I was in college.
We decided to have some breakfast before driving to the beach. After we ate, we gathered up several large towels from the hotel, and drove to the little seaside town located about 2 miles from the nude beach.
In town we bought some bottled water, some fruit, cheese, bread, and other things to snack on for lunch. I wasn't exactly sure how to get to the nude beach, since it had been nearly 30 years since we'd last paid it a visit, so it took us nearly 45 minutes to get there.
Finally we arrived at the tiny little parking area, gathered up our supplies and began the hike to the beach. First we had to go up a fairly steep hill, or should I say sand dune. When we reached the top we then had to navigate the long, winding path down to the beach.
Once on the beach it's easy to see why it's so perfect for nude sunbathing. The beach is about 300 yards long, and on either end there are large rocky outcroppings that stretch out into the ocean making the beach impossible to reach from the water's edge. Basically, there is one way in, and we just took it.
Even though there were very few people on the beach -- it was 1:00 p.m. on a Monday and most people were at work, or in the case of the many local college students, in class -- Anne and I decided to hike to the far end of the beach, as far from the entrance to the beach as possible.
It is the far end of the beach that offers the most privacy, and sometimes that can be a concern because some beach-goers are there just to gawk at naked people. We wanted to spend some time alone being naked outside with no one watching us. As it turns out, we would be very wrong!
Anne and I spread out our towels, shed our clothes, and laid down. The towels were warmed by the hot sand underneath and it felt incredible. There is nothing so liberating, at least in my mind, as laying naked on a hot, sunny beach with a gentle sea breeze blowing.
I looked over at Anne and she was rubbing sun block all over her front -- her neck, her firm tits, her flat tummy, her nearly hairless crotch and her legs. Then she flipped over onto her front side, tossed me the tube of lotion and said, "Could you get my back, honey?"
I started at her shoulders and worked my way to the small of her back. I applied lotion to her butt and upper thighs and began massaging it into her skin. Her body was warm, and I was getting hot. Anne spread her legs a bit so I could reach the inside of her thighs. I let my fingers wander and brushed her naked pussy. Anne made no attempt to block me from touching her so I continued.
I gently rubbed her pussy lips with tips of my fingers, and slid my index and middle fingers into her hot and already wet slit. Again, Anne made no attempt to stop me so I began finger fucking her right there on the beach.
Anne lifted her hips slightly giving me better access to her slippery slit allowing me to push my fingers rapidly in and out of her hot hole. Anne was so turned on that in a matter of minutes she had her first orgasm of the afternoon.
"Wow, that was incredible," Anne purred. "I love cumming outside."
"Maybe I'll get to cum too," I said. "I'd love to have a little sex on the beach."
"We'll see," she hummed, in a sing-songy tone that led me to believe that something might happen as the day progressed.
After laying in the sun for about 45 minutes, Anne and I decided to take a walk along the beach. We walked hand-in-hand to the other end of the beach, near the entrance, and then back again. Along the way we spotted no more than 10 or 12 people enjoying this glorious day.
We were thoroughly content -- the cool, wet sand along the water's edge felt great under our feet in contrast to the warm sun shining down on us as we walked completed naked along the beach. My cock was swinging side to side, while Anne's beautiful tits bounced up and down ever so slightly as we strode along.
When we got back to our towels we noticed that we had a new neighbor. A young man, obviously college age, had set up a blanket no more than 15 feet from our towels. After a quick discrete check of our belongings -- wallet, keys, and Anne's purse, hey, you can't be too careful these days -- we welcomed our new guest and offered him a bottled water. He accepted our gift and we began chatting.
His name was Ted, he was a senior in college, and this quarter he had only one class on Monday at that didn't start until 7:10 p.m. As the three of us talked I couldn't help but notice Ted checking out my wife. He was subtle about it, which was polite, but nonetheless Ted was checking her out.
Sitting crossed legged on the towel the way she was, Anne's luscious tits were right in front of Ted, as was her beautiful pussy. Since she had had an orgasm just an hour earlier, Anne's pussy lips and clit were still slightly swollen and bright pink. I don't blame Ted for looking, there's no way any straight man in the world could help staring at Anne's nearly hairless, glistening twat.
Eventually the conversation tapered off and we all laid back down on our towels. At some point Ted must have decided to go for a walk or take a swim in the ocean because we noticed he was no longer laying next to us; although all of his things were still there. Anne and I laid there facing each other, propped up on our elbows, talking about nothing in particular.
I reached out my hand and began touching her nipples very lightly with my finger tips. Anne's nipples are very sensitive, and touching them, especially outside, gets her very turned on. As her nipples hardened, Anne reached out with her hand and began fondling my cock. In seconds I had a rock hard bone and Anne's fondling switching to a full on stroking. We leaned in toward one another and started kissing. Anne's tongue was warm and wet, her mouth was relaxed and her kiss passionate.
I slipped my hand from Anne's tits to her pussy. I slid three fingers inside of her wet hole and slowly began finger fucking her again. "No, I'm already hot." she said. "I want your cock in me."
We repositioned ourselves so Anne and I were both laying on our left sides. My left arm was underneath Anne, my hand cupping her left tit. My right hand was under Anne's right knee enabling me to lift her right leg into the air, almost straight up, giving me complete access to her hot, wet, fully exposed pussy. I scooted up a few inches so the head of my cock was touching the opening of her dripping slit. Anne did the rest by moving down several inches impaling herself on my concrete-hard dick.
No sooner had I started sliding my cock in and out of Anne's deliciously slick pussy than Ted returned from wherever he had been and plopped himself down on his blanket next to us. There was no way that I was going to stop fucking Anne just because Ted decided to return, so I continued to slide in and out of her amazingly wet hole.
Anne obviously didn't care too much about our neighbor's return either because once Ted had settled onto his blanket she actually turned slightly, moving more onto her back, giving Ted an incredible view of the two of us fucking. Anne was nearly flat on her back on top of me, I was behind her squeezing her left tit and holding her right leg high in the air, her legs were spread wide giving Ted an unobstructed view of my cock pumping in and out of her dripping wet pussy.
I glanced over Anne's shoulder and saw that Ted had repositioned himself too; he was now kneeling on his blanket. He had his dick in his hand, and it was clear that he was enjoying our show. Ted's dick was roughly the same size as mine, maybe a bit thicker. He was rapidly beating his cock with his hand while his eyes were transfixed on the pounding my prick was giving Anne's tight little hole. All three of us were shaking with excitement and rapidly nearing orgasm.
Anne was the first get off. She started moaning loudly and furiously began rubbing her clit with her right hand. I could tell she was close and did my best to hold off from cumming. Luckily I didn't have to wait long. Anne threw her head back and screamed, "Oh, fuck, yes," and began cumming. I could feel the muscles of her pussy grab my cock and do everything possible to try to milk me dry.
I don't know why I thought of it, but I decided to give Ted a little show. Just as I felt my balls tingle and tighten in anticipation of blowing my load, I pulled my cock out of Anne's quivering pussy and shot my wad all over her stomach and pelvis. The sight of my cum all over Anne's tanned naked body, with her sopping wet pussy still fully exposed and pulsating, must have been too much for Ted to take because he started cumming as well. Long, thick, white ropes of cum shot from Ted's dick on to the sand between us.
We all collapsed back onto our towels and basked in the after glow of fantastic orgasms. After a few minutes passed, Anne suggested that she and I walk down to the ocean so she could clean up -- after all, she still had my cum all over her. When we returned, Ted had packed up and left. Secretly, I think both Anne and I were relieved that he was gone. I'm not sure what we would have said to a complete stranger after letting him watch us wantonly fuck while he masturbated to our exhibition.
Anne and I let ourselves dry off in the sun before getting dressed and packing up our things. It wasn't until we were almost back to the hotel that Anne finally said something about what had transpired that afternoon.
"The was so intense," she said. "I've never had sex before while someone else was watching. That was one of the most powerful orgasms I've ever had."
Anne and I completed our long weekend by making love several more times in our hotel room that evening and the following morning with the sliding glass door and the curtains open, hoping that someone else might see us.