I hope you enjoy this story.
Edited by DRGriffin
My situation with the Woolsey's changes
After the weekend, Jake was now in control. On Monday, I awoke with instructions texted from Jake already. Work out, big breakfast, play with myself for at least fifteen minutes but no orgasms, shower and dress in one of the slutty outfits. He also instructed me to send him a picture each time I changed clothes.
As I was running, I began to wonder what I was doing. I had to admit several things to myself: First, my life was more exciting than it had been before I made the deal with the Woolsey's. I had been bored but now my days were far more filled.
I found Jake exciting. I loved his cock. I constantly thought about him fucking me. I wanted him to be in command. I wanted him to kiss me and tell me he at least liked me but the strange thing was I liked that he was making me earn those things. He could fuck me anytime and anyway he wanted but I had to earn the kiss. Even without the deal with the Woolsey's I wanted Jake to own me. The few words Jake spoke were all important. It was like I wanted the challenge of finding out more about Jake.
I also had to admit I am an exhibitionist. I have to be forced but none the less I like it. I didn't choose to be running with tits flying and ass jiggling but I could feel the tingle between my legs. While Jake was parading me around shopping the day before I was in a constant state of arousal. He didn't make me do anything I didn't enjoy. Maybe I really am a trailer trash slut. Maybe this really is who I was all along. After all, I had always lived in a trailer park and isn't this what people thought of when they thought of trailer trash.
Finally, today is the first payment from the Woolsey's. Didn't I start this to help Cherry? And I am about to accomplish at least the first phase. I concluded that no matter what Mistress Sid or Mister Jake demand of me, I would make enough to secure Cherry's four-year degree.
When I got back from my run I had two texts. One from Jake telling me to use an anal plug when I masturbated. He finished like this.
Jake: 'I am going to take that trailer trash ass soon. You need to get serious about being prepared or it will hurt.'
Then I got this text.
Mistress Sid: 'Congratulations on your first month. Come for dinner tonight. I want to talk to you as a mother and pay you. It will only be us. Dress as you please. We are not playing tonight.'
I was taken aback by this invitation. What could Mistress Sid be up to? And does she mean to dress conservatively. She had cut up almost all my old clothing and the new stuff was certainly not demur.
Me: 'What time?'
Mistress Sid: 'Seven.'
So, I had breakfast and then masturbated with one of my new toys and the medium sized anal plug inserted. This one did hurt. I showered, put on one of the outfits Mistress Sid had cut up, a bra with the cup cut in half, a shirt with half the buttons cut off and a cut off skirt. I sent a picture to Jake.
Me: 'Here is the outfit I am wearing to Walmart. I am just running errands this afternoon.'
Jake: 'Your outfit is acceptable for Walmart.'
Me: 'Mistress Sid wants me to come to dinner and dress conservatively.'
Jake: 'Mistress Sid told me about the dinner invite. No need to send me a picture.'
Me: 'Do you know what she is doing?'
Jake: 'I do but you need to talk to her. You are on your own tonight. Good Luck.'
I so wanted to talk to Jake. I found myself most afraid that she wanted to pay me the one installment and call off the agreement. And it was not about the money. It was that I couldn't imagine not having Jake's attention. I wanted this to continue with Jake even though I knew it was going to get harder. After the experience with the medium sized plug, I couldn't imagine what taking Jake thick dick in my ass would feel like, other than painful.
I ran my errand in the slutty outfit. No doubt I flashed someone each time I bent over. Both upstairs and down. I was getting used to both the people who drooled over the risqué attire and those that treated me like a villain, mostly women.
At six I started to drive to Mistress Sid's house wearing the only outfit she had left untouched. It was a modest dress that covered from neck to the knee. I did wear a bra with the cup cut out. I was beginning to feel comfortable with these.
This time I parked in the driveway. I hadn't told Cherry I was coming over but this time it wouldn't have bothered me to run into her. I hadn't seen her in over two weeks and I was beginning to miss her even though we talked by phone most days.
Melville met me at the door. "Good to see you again Melville."
He said, "Yes Miss it has been a little while. Mistress Sid wanted me to tell you that tonight you aren't her slave, so treat her like anyone else."
I gave Melville a quizzical look wanting more but Melville simple lead me to the dining room and asked, "Would you like a cocktail? Mistress will be here in a few minutes."
The dining room was huge with a table that must sit over a dozen people. There were two places set at the end of the table. I said, "Just a glass of white wine will be fine."
Melville came back with a glass and left me.
Mistress Sid came in and I stood. She hugged me and said, "Thanks for coming. Let's dispense with this."
She handed me a check in the amount we had agreed to. I said as I gazed at the check, "Thank you Mistress Sid."
She said, "No need for the Mistress. Just call me Sid. Please have a seat."
We sat and I just couldn't stand it, "I don't understand what is going on here. Can you tell me?"
Sid smiled, "I know you are anxious but nothing bad is happening except I want to change the nature of our relationship but we are not backing out of our deal if that is what is worrying you. I want us first to get to know each other a little better."
She rang a bell and Melville came in. "Melville please bring out the first course."
Melville came back with a salad for each of us and poured Sid a glass of white wine.
I said, "You said we should get to know each other better first. But I think you know all about me."
"I do but you don't know me, do you?"
"No, I guess not."
Sid smiled as we began to eat. She said, "Well you know that Rod and I are spoiled rich kids, right?"
I was at a loss of how to answer this.
"Our father was very successful but also something of a deviant. Rod and I have also faced that we are also well outside the norm. Rod and I get our jollies from dominating people. We learned that from Dad. As such we could never maintain normal relationships. Hence, we have made a series of deals with people to help them by using them to feed our depravity. We learned this from Dad. I think you knew this?"
"Well, I'm not sure know is the right word but certainly guessed from what Mom has told me. What about your mother?"
Sid answered, "She looked away from everything Dad did including how he raised Rod and me. Our relationship with our mother was not the usual one. Dad controlled everything."
"I am so sorry."
Sid said, "Oh it seems bad but for us it didn't seem unusual at all. I know it seems that all of us, Dad, me and Rod, have taken advantage of people but, we always have tried to give our, ah, conquests a longer-term benefit like with you. We get the fun of our obsession and you get a better future for Cherry. Right?"
"I certainly agree that the deal you made with me is to my family's benefit. I must admit my big fear was that you would cancel the deal. I mean you have given me to Jake."
Sid said, "I am going to explain that. Let me do it in my own time."
I nodded and relaxed a little. She rang a bell, Melville came in and Sid instructed, "Bring us the main and pour us more wine." Melville brought is the main course and refilled our glasses.
I had one bite is a fish and said, "This is very good and the wine is excellent."
Sid said, "I am glad you like it." She paused for a minute and said, "Yes, we agree that our arrangement has been mutually beneficial. Now let me tell you something I don't think you knew about me. I have a son."
She paused and looked at me to respond. I was stunned and finally said, "Well my goodness. I didn't know you were married."
"I'm not and never have been. I was very young. A little younger than you when you had Cherry. It was an accident. Don't ask who the father was. No one will ever know except me."
I asked, "What is your son's name and where is he?"
"His name is Randy and he is in medical school. He is brilliant. Let me back track. Not many people know about Randy because to start Dad hired someone to take care of him. As I got older I wanted Randy back. It was obvious to me that Randy was exceptionally smart. So, we sent him to special schools. So, I have been a part time mother to Randy. On top of that I don't have many close friends or maybe none. Everything with Rod and I is transactional. We make money and dominate people. Which means we are never close to anyone."
"That sounds awful."
Sid said, "I know but no need to feel sorry for us. We have lived the life we want. But, I want Randy to have a normal life. So, I have kept him away from what Rod and I do for pleasure. Our Dad didn't do that and that is one of the reasons we are like, well, the way we are."
She stopped, rang the bell and had Melville clear the table. "Melville, we are going into the sitting room. Merilee, would you like some coffee or more alcohol?"
"I think I should switch to coffee. I have an hour drive back home."
Sid laughed and said, "Well, at least this time you will be fully clothed."
I laughed and nodded. We went to a small sitting room as Melville brought us coffee.
Sid started back, "Randy has been living here since this semester started. He is in his last year of medical school before his residency. And he is only twenty-one. He has lived a sheltered life. He has hardly dated up until now. For a while I thought he was gay. Which would be fine with me. You should know I don't judge people's sexual preference. After all, how could I?"
I nodded my understanding and I was beginning to guess where this was going.
She continued, "So he has been living here. He met Cherry the very first week she was here. He has been dating her or she has been dating him. Not sure the best description. But they have seen each other almost every day since they met. Randy has never reacted to anyone like he has to Cherry."
"What?" I exclaimed
Sid nodded understanding, "Yes, I know. Who could have guessed."
I then said angrily, "I can't believe she hasn't told me."
"Don't tell her I told you. Be patience with her. She is confused herself with this. In my defense, I have tried to get the two of you to talk. I know you and Cherry have a great relationship. In fact, I am a little envious of you and your daughter. I think it is just that you both are finding yourselves and neither of you are prepared to admit what is happening to you. But you will. However, I think our relationship has to change because of what Randy and Cherry are doing."
I said, "Are you trying to tell me they are in a sexual relationship?"
"Well, yes. And it happened quickly. Please know that Randy is not like Rod and me. He is almost exactly opposite of us. Which brings me to why you are here. You need any more coffee?"
"No, I'm fine." At this point, my mind was numbed. It was so strange to in one evening I go from her sex slave to potentially a future mother-in-law.
"So here we are. While I think, it would be fun to spend three months playing with you, I can't do anything that might hurt my son. He is a sweet innocent boy. Not because of anything I have done but because I mostly turned over the raising of Randy to others. I know he have fallen hard for Cherry. The last thing I want to have happen is for my obsession to hurt Randy. So, I want to offer you an out from our agreement in return for not making Cherry my enemy. So here is the deal, I will pay off as we agreed and you are free from us."
I thought, I can't believe this. I get enough money to help Cherry with school and I can quit this sex business. But then I thought about the weekend with Jake and how much I liked the attention I had received from him. As much as I hated myself for wanting to continue this, I really did want Jake for the next few months to be my tormentor.
Sid had been quiet while I thought and finally said, "Why are you thinking so hard about this? Do you want this to continue?" Sid gave me a sinister smile. I think she knew I did.
"Well, this doesn't seem fair to me. I think I understand now why you wanted me. I like being dominated. I, however, agree we can't get in the way of our children. You said that Jake was taking over as a gift to him. Why did you do that?"
Sid answered, "Jake's firm has done a good job for us and we know him very well. I wanted to do something special for him. I also thought the two of you would be good for each other. What are you thinking?"
"I would like to be Jake's as long as he would have me."
Sid smiled, "I assume you mean you want Jake to be your master for as long as he will do it. But you agree that you will never tell Cherry I had anything to do with your transformation."
"Yes, I hate to admit it but I want Jake to torment me like he did this weekend. I hate myself for wanting that but that is what I want."
Sid said, "It is time to accept who you are. Rod and I have. Cherry and Randy are figuring it out now. That is good with me. You are Jake's for as long as he wants you. I will agree to fund Cherry for her four-year degree no matter what Cherry and Randy do. You will agree that you won't turn Cherry against me. I will also agree to not do anything to pull Cherry and Randy into my lifestyle."
I stood and hugged Sid into me. She looked back at me, "Gosh, I would like to have one more night with you. I love those tits."
I couldn't believe I said, "Oh, maybe we can arrange that!"
I left Sid's house for the first time fully clothed and without having to put out.
Jake continues his domination of me
Tuesday and Wednesday, I continued the routine dictated by Jake. He made me diddle myself without an orgasm both days and by now I would do anything to get off. He continued to force me to wear slutty clothes everywhere. While I still didn't want to do this, I also found myself liking the attention I got from men and a few women. I couldn't go out without getting stares.
I was talking to Cherry almost every day on the phone. She still wasn't telling me about Randy but I knew it was coming. She had already begged off coming home the coming weekend but promised me that she would be home the following week. She said that mid-terms were coming up and she needed to study. But I guessed that it was more to do with Randy.
Wednesday morning, I got a text from Jake.
Jake: 'Tomorrow, you will watch porn with Mark and masturbate together.
Me: 'Can I have an orgasm?"
Jake: 'You can do anything but fuck. Enjoy.'
Me: 'Yes Sir.'
As strange as this is I started tingling with anticipation.
When Mark got home that afternoon I made the arrangements for our date. I told Mark that there was a movie I wanted to watch with him the following afternoon. He agreed to be home by two.
The following day, I began to worry about how I would spring on Mark that the movie I wanted to watch was one of my porn movies. But I decided that Mark was a guy and would like that. I realized that Jake wanted to humiliate me in front of my husband.
So, at one I started preparing for Mark. After showering and preening all the significant bits, I was faced with how much of a tart did I want to look like. I had to decide what does trailer trash like me wear to watch a porn flick with her husband she can't screw. Ultimately, I decided to wear a pair of thigh highs with a built in garter belt, a pair of stilettos and lots of makeup, dark red lipstick, thick red mascara, and lots of red accents for my cheeks. I also wore my slave collar, multiple gold chains that draped around my neck and wrapped around my belly. I also wore ankle bracelets. Jake had bought me the jewelry on our shopping trip.
I put out my toys on the coffee table and put the video I wanted to watch in the DVD player.
It was about thirty minutes before Mark said he would be home. I looked in the mirror and thought,'If I don't look like a whore now I never will.'Jake wanted me to text him a picture of what I was going to wear on my movie date with Mark.
It was almost instantaneous that I got a text back.
Jake: 'If I could get away this afternoon, I would be there. You look like a trailer trash ready to be fucked. Holy fuck, you are hot. Too bad it is only for your wimpy husband. Remember you are to save that pussy and ass for me this weekend. That's right you are mine starting Saturday at one.'
I was dripping wet and his response only made me more so.
Me: 'I am so excited. I wish you would come fuck me now. I feel like such a slut and it is making me unbelievably anxious. I am ready for you to take me any way you want.'
What was I thinking? I had just invited him to do whatever he wanted with me. There must be something wrong with me.
Jake: 'I will see you tonight.'
Me: 'Yes Sir.'
At the last minute, I decided to put on a tee shirt and only spring my slut-wear on Mark as we started the movie. Mark walked in almost exactly at two.
To my surprise Mark wasn't alone. There was a man with him. He was old and disheveled.
I jumped up and ran to the bedroom yelling, "Mark, I didn't know you were going to bring someone home."
I slammed the door as Mark said back, "This is Bruce, he needed some place to stay tonight."
I heard Bruce say, "Don't worry Mark, it looks like your wife had something else in mind."
Mark said, "Oh it will be okay."
I wined back, "This ruin all my plans."
I decided to text Jake.
Me: 'Mark brought someone home'
Jake: 'So'
Me: 'I can't watch a porno movie with someone I don't even know'
Jake: 'Why not?'
Me: 'I just can't'
Jake: 'You will unless Mark says no. Didn't you tell him what the movie was?'
Me: 'No'
Jake: 'If you don't I will punish you.'
Me: 'Yes, Sir.'
Jake: 'Use your medium anal plug. That ass needs to ready for the weekend.'
Me: 'Yes Sir.'
I went back into the living room where Mark and Bruce were drinking a coke.
I said, "Mark, I wanted us to watch an, ah, adult movie together and enjoy ourselves."
Mark said, "Oh good that sounds like fun doesn't it Bruce?"
Bruce said, "Fine with me but I think I need a shower first. Mind if I use your shower?"
Mark said, "No problem. No need for anything but your underwear. Melons doesn't mind."
I looked at Mark with daggers in my eyes. Mark showed Bruce to the shower.
When he came back he said, "Jake put me up to this. He told me to bring someone home to join us. Bruce knows that he can't fuck you and I won't allow him."
I was fuming mad, "What! You mean Jake told you to do this."
Mark smiled, "Yep. He said if you objected that I should tell you that you will enjoy it."
I sat fuming until I realized that Jake was setting me up for additional humiliation. I calmed down a little and decided I had no choice unless I was prepared to stop with Jake.
Bruce came back wearing a pair of Mark's boxers.
Mark said to me, "Are you ready to start the movie?"
I said disgustedly, "Sure, why not."
I kept my tee shirt on as Mark started the movie.
It was a spoof on a spy film with a lot of buxom, naked women along with large dick men. You know standard porn. The opening scene had the lead women, fake blonde with fake boobs and little acting skills being screwed by the lead male, fake blonde with pumped up muscles and a dick that looked a lot like Jake's.
Despite myself I began to think about Jake's dick. Even though I was so mad at him now, I was quickly getting back to the same state I was in when I text him the picture of me dressed like a tart. I glanced over at Mark and Bruce, they had one eye on the scene and the other on me to see what I would do. Both were in boxer's only and Mark's boxer at that but you could see their manhood growing. And it was clear that Bruce's was growing larger than Mark. I was glad he had taken a shower because I could now visualize sucking his dick in front of Mark.
I could feel my traitor pussy doing what it wanted to do not what I wanted it to do. I was getting excited. In something of a trance, I got up faced Mark and Bruce and pulled the tee shirt over my head. I cocked a hip and said, "Do you like what you see?"
Mark and Bruce said in unison, "Yes."
Mark added, "Melons, I have never seen you this sexy looking."
I said, "How do I compare to her?" I pointed to the scene at the buxom actress now sucking on two dicks at once.
Bruce said, "You are much prettier. Your set looks natural."
I said, "Ok guys you can look but only touch if I tell you. Oh, feel free to pull your underwear off and let's enjoy the film."
I watched as they pull their underwear off. I again saw how little Mark was. Bruce was nowhere as thick as Jake but his member was not bad.
I squirted a glob of lube in my hand and worked it into my tight hole. I started to reach around and force the medium anal plug in, but my mouth said, "Bruce would you like to do this?" I held up the anal plug for him.
He smiled delightedly, "Yes Ma'am!"
I said, "Don't touch just push it in."
I handed him the plug already well lubed. He took it with a shit eating smile, I bent over and spread my cheeks as he placed the tip at my anal ring and gently pushed forward. This one was large enough to take some effort to get it past my sphincter. He had it about half in and was going very slowly. It was becoming painful as he pushed. While I had done this a few times already it still took me a little to relax and let it in. I knew Bruce was close and wanted to get it over, so I rolled my ass backward into his hand and it popped all the way in. He got a nice feel of my stretched ass hole as I let out a little yelp, "Oucchhh..."
Bruce took his hands away immediately. I raised up, turned to face him, pull his shorts down, took a glob of lube in my hand and stroked his dick a couple of times. I kissed him on his cheek and said, "Thank you kindly. You did that nicely."
I then made a slow turn with the chains hanging over my boobs and stomach, the anal plug visible as I moved and my thighs glistening with my discharge.
I said, "Okay guys, I am going to enjoy this movie."
Both Bruce and Mark lubed their members. I took Miss Bi and lightly touched it to my clit while I rubbed my boobs with one hand. I was glancing at the movie to see the fake blonde being fucked anally by the fake blonde male lead and suck on a large man's dick. The massive dick was much like Tobias's and I began to think how it felt for him to fuck me with that fat dick. I slipped Miss Bi all the way in and had a huge orgasm remembering this.
Once I recovered, I glanced up to see that both Mark and Bruce were watching me and not the movie. This just made me hotter. By now I had almost forgotten about the plug lodged in my ass. If anything, it was making me hotter knowing it was there. I took the large silicone dildo and pushed it into my sopping pussy. I knew I was making a mess on the couch.
I looked both Bruce and Mark in the eye, took the dildo's suction cup and forced it onto the coffee table, straddled it, spread my legs and dropped onto the dildo facing away from them so they could see the anal plug in my ass. I raised and lowered a few times until the dildo was completely impaled into my gaping hole. I then took Miss Bi and lightly manipulated my clit as I rocked my hips back and forth on the massive dildo. While I did this, I thought about Tobias's dick.
While I couldn't see them, I could feel their eyes on my ass as I bounced up and down on the giant dildo. I had a big orgasm and decided to let them know it. "Oh gawd, oh my gawd, that was so bigggggg...!"
It took me a few minutes to recover. I turned around to look at Bruce and Mark. Their eyes were wide and watching what I was doing. I repositioned the dildo where they could watch me fuck it from the front. I could now see that they both had cum once while I faced away from them but were recovering quickly.
My knees were now a few feet from their knees. My back was to the movie. I was still on fire and was slowly bringing myself back up to another orgasm. But this time I took it slow. I was not using Miss Bi on my clit. The pressure from the large dildo and the anal plug was plenty of stimulation.
Again, my mouth said something I didn't think about first, "Come over here and let me help you with those. I think my show should be producing hard penises."
I realized I had just offered to suck both dicks. They stood on either side of me with growing dicks, although with Mark there was not a lot of difference. I had both hands free and took a dick in each hand. I alternated between the two penises. They became fully hard almost immediately. I rocked back and forth on my large dildo and the anal plug now sitting on the table allowing it to put pressure on my vagina at the same time as the dildo. I could control the stimulation just by changing the speed I rocked back and forth of my hips. I was making myself have a series of smaller orgasms so I could focus on the cocks in my face.
While I alternated between Mark's small and Bruce's average sized dick, I fantasized about sucking Jake and Tobias at the same time. Just the thought of that made my orgasm larger. I could feel Mark ready to cum.
I said, "Mark, cum on me while I get your friend off."
Mark masturbated while I rapidly took Bruce in and out of my mouth. Bruce started to move back and forth to help me. I felt Mark's small discharge hit the side of my face as he made a moan. I could feel Bruce ready to go. I took him deep in my throat and waited for the eruption in my mouth. I flicked my tongue around his tip. This was just enough to finish him.
I managed to swallow all his discharge and have one final nice orgasm. With that I felt completely satisfied and the sexual frustration I had experienced the last few days, not being allowed to get release, was now relieved.
I raised off the coffee table and the dildo, turned to Bruce and asked, "Want to take the plug out now?"
Bruce said, "My pleasure."
He again got a good feel of my stretched asshole as he grabbed the base of the plug and pulled. There was an audible pop as it existed my anus.
I giggled, put my hand over my mouth, "Sorry, that was very rude."
I kissed Mark on the cheek and said, "Thank you husband for bringing along Bruce, it did make this more fun. Did you enjoy it?"
Mark said, "Absolutely and so did Bruce."
Bruce smiled at me as I kissed him on the cheek. He said, "Mark is a very lucky man. Most fun I have had in a long time."
I said, "I need to get to work. Can you guys straighten up and get some dinner while I get ready for work?"
Mark said as he looked at my toys, "Sure I will clean up and get dinner."
When I got back my toys were laying on my bed with the toy cleaner lying beside them obviously cleaned. When I walked back into the den/kitchen/dining area dinner was ready and waiting for me. We had a nice dinner. Bruce was also a recovering alcoholic that had lost everything. He made me feel good that I had given him the best sexual event in years. I realized I was no longer mad at Jake but was now appreciative that he made me do this.
That night as I was working at the club, Jake walked up to me as I was waiting for some drinks. He whispered to me, "How was your afternoon?"
I moved into a private spot away from the bar, "After I got over being mad at you, Sir, I enjoyed myself."
Jake smiled, "So you were mad that Mark brought home a guest?"
I realized Jake didn't smile often but when he did it melted my heart. I was determined to see it more.
"Let me just say, the only thing that would have been better was if you had been there. But I did fantasize about that big thing between your legs while I fucked myself."
Jake again smiled, "I will pick you up at ten Saturday after your workout. No need to diddle."
I was so pleased that I would be with Jake for the weekend. I said, "Yes Sir. What should I wear and bring?"
"I will help pack when I get there. Wear one of the cut off shorts and the casual pair of fuck me shoes we bought. There are socks and a shirt hanging on your locker to wear. You are going with me on a site visit. I think we will have fun."
He turned and left. Just talking to him made my legs weak.
When I got home, Bruce was sleeping in Cherry's room. I left the door open as Jake had instructed. I am sure Bruce got a good look at me sometime during the night. I was getting accustomed to being ogled.
I help Jake with his business
Saturday came around. I worked out and had a large breakfast which Mark fixed before he left for work. I had already told him I would be with Jake until sometime Sunday afternoon. I started getting ready. It felt like I was going on an extended date. I felt like a teenager.
What's more, I was very anxious. I wanted to please Jake. I was afraid of what he had planned for me but the anxiety only made me more excited. I could feel the dampness already inside my thighs.
I put on a pair of jean shorts that Mistress Sid had cut off for me. Since they had been cut carelessly, I had made the cuts a little neater. But the shorts barely covered my ass and had only a small seam left between my thighs. I wore one of the half bras and the shirt Jake had given me to wear. It was a work shirt with the Gannon Security emblem on the pocket along with the name Melons. Since the name was positioned over my right breast I was concerned that people think that was referencing a body part rather than name. There were no buttons, instead it tied just under my breasts.
I put on the thick thigh high pale blue socks that had three white bands above the knees. This still left a lot of pale thigh showing above the socks. I wore the four-inch cork heeled fuck me shoes. I also wore a heavy gold colored belt.
I looked in the mirror and decided that this wasn't so bad. It showed off my more muscular thighs, shapely calves, a tight protruding ass and flat abs thanks to Jake exercise and diet regimen. I pulled my hair back in a ponytail and put on big hoop gold earrings and neckless. Yes, they were cheap Walmart things but they seemed to work. Strangely, I felt good about myself.
Jake came in my trailer like he owned it. I got up to greet him. He said, "Turn around."
I gave him a 360 view of what I was wearing. I asked wanting approval, "Is this okay?
He said simple, "Fine."
I wanted more but knew that was all I was going to get.
He then said, "All you need to pack is toiletries, the large anal plug and that small bullet vibrator."
I put it all in a large purse and off we went.
We stopped at a fast food place for lunch. To say the least I got a lot of stares. As we ate Jake explained, "My company is bidding on a large deal, at least for us, with a state-wide appliance supplier to provide their security. I made a detailed bid based on a survey of one of their warehouse/distribution facilities. We are one of the two finalists. They are allowing us each to do a walk though of their other large center. This will give us a chance to modify the bid depending on what we find. This will be only a walk through. As such it will just be me and my Executive Assistant instead of my technical team. Guess who the Executive Assistant is?"
"Me?"
"That's right so don't fuck this up for me."
I was now worried. "But what am I supposed to do?"
"Follow me around, carry a clipboard, takes notes and look sexy. Your only purpose will be to influence their Chief of Security. I will warn you he is an ugly, fat piece of work. I expect to have you suck at least him off. Maybe others. I discovered that our competition has already preformed for him. You mustn't hesitate to do as I instruct you or it will hurt my chances at this business. He is very unlikable. As my Executive Assistant, this is one of your jobs. Do good for me now and I will reward you with a great dinner and fuck you every way I can think until tomorrow afternoon. Sound good?"
I could feel the juices flowing around the minimum seam between my legs. For the life of me I couldn't stop opening and closing my legs giving my clit just enough pressure from the seam between my legs to excite my womanhood. I hugged Jake as we rose to leave and said, "Thank you for giving me this opportunity, Sir. I won't let you down."
Jake gave me a smile that did nothing but made me more certain I could do this no matter how humiliating it was. I sat very close to him in the Hummer. My mind was racing with thoughts of how it would feel to have his big fat dick lodged in my gapping pussy and virgin asshole. For the first time, I considered anal sex might feel good and was glad to have that promise from Jake. I was now comfortable with the medium plug but Jake was fatter than that.
We pulled up to a large building with several large panel trucks at the docks being loaded. It surprised me the activity for Saturday afternoon. Jake handed me a clipboard and a pair of black rimmed glasses that were clear. He said, "Here this will make you look smarter."
We walked in the office. An older woman, the only female I saw on site, who said, "You must be from Gannon Security. Hank is expecting you. Just go through that door and up the stairs and you will find him."
Jake said, "Thanks."
We went up the stairs and entered a room with a large glass window overlooking most of the warehouse and a bank of monitors. A big fat short ugly hairy man with a gross unkempt salt and pepper mustache said, "Oh Hi Jake, good to see you. And who to hell is this hottie?"
Jake said as he put his hand on my shoulder close to my name tag, "This is my Executive Assistant, Melons. Melons this is Hank."
I extended my hand, holding the clip board against my left breast as Hank grabbed a piece of material where my name tag was and said, "I can see the name tag. Just not sure it that is what I should call her or if that is a description of her jugs. Holy fuck, those are huge."
Still with my hand extended, I said, "It is my name. Good to meet you Hank."
Hank finally took my hand chuckling, "Melons is a most appropriate name. I must say, Jake, if I had known this is what your employees looked like, you may already have our business." He grabbed my ass and said, "What a piece of ass this is? Tits and ass all in one sexy package. What is her job?"
Jake said looking at me, "Well she is new. She was monitoring terminals but I saw potential as an Executive Assistant. So, she is new at this job but she has most special skills."
Hank roared, "I can only guess what those skills are. Think I can test those skills?"
Jake answered, "A good chance of that. Now let's look around and maybe I will have Melons give you a demonstration of her real skill. You know I think Melons would like to hear your opinion of our bid while we walk around. She needs to learn the business."
Hank laughed, "Sure, no problem. Come here honey and snuggle up to big Hank while we walk around. I will give you the down and dirty."
He wrapped an arm around me with his hand firmly on my ass and away we went. Hank walked behind me going down the stairs. I was struggling a little with balance on the four-inch corked heeled shoes going down the stairs. He said, "I like those slut shoes you are wearing but maybe not the best choice for a site visit."
I said, "No Sir, maybe not the best choice. But I like how I look in them."
Hank gave a sinister laugh. At the bottom of the stairs he again wrapped his arm around me and grabbed a butt cheek and said, "Can't wait to see that ass going back up the stairs. Those shorts barely hold those buns in."
As we walked Jake asked questions about the operation and I tried to write it down. But Hank was grabbing some part of me with each opportunity. There were maybe twenty men on fork lifts moving boxes around plus men at the truck. They all stopped and watched me as we walked around.
I couldn't believe how humiliating this was. But it was also turning me on. I could feel the juices running down my thigh. I wanted to reach down and wipe it away but there was no way to do wipe myself without Hank seeing it and saying something.
About halfway around the site Hank's hand had moved from my ass to dangling over my breasts. I was sure before this was over he would have his meaty hand inside my shirt. But it seemed the more he felt me up the more he was telling. He had even started giving details about the competition's bid.
He slowly moved his hand inside my shirt and creeped to my naked breasts. I felt a finger on top of my right nipple as he stopped in the back of the warehouse where fewer people were. He began to tell Jake pricing from the other bid. I didn't know for sure but I thought this was probably not allowed. As he talked he had my right nipple firmly between his thumb and index finger and was rolling it around. Neither Jake or I objected as he stood there and gave Jake almost every detail about the competitor's bid. I knew Jake was getting what he wanted and I was helping. It turned me on to be helping Jake.
Hank seemed to be in a trance as he rubbed and kneaded flesh mounds that protruded out of the cut-up bra. Jake was asking questions but never about the competitor's bid directly. But Hank was bragging about how he had helped them and what they had bid. Hank was now getting bolder as he pulled me in front of him, pushed both meaty hand inside my shirt rubbing each breast and ground his groin into my ass. I thought Jake was finally getting to the point of having all the info he could possible need. I was trying to take notes but it was difficult between Hank's groping and my own excitement.
Hank said, "Let's head back to the control center and we will finish our tour. Your bitch has me really hot Jakey boy. I think it is time to see why she is really here." He pinched my titties really hard and I gave a little yelp.
As we headed back to the elevated control center, Hank wrapped his arm around my waist and started working his hand up from the bottom of my breast. I knew he was loosening the knot holding my shirt together.
As we were walking across the floor the guys got bold enough to stare and give cat calls. One guy yelled at Hank, "Hey Hank, what about sharing that hussy with us."
Hank yelled back, "This bitch is mine."
There were moan of, "Oh come on Hank. Share a little."
I was beginning to worry about being gang raped except Jake was there and Hank wanted to Lord over them.
As we got to the stairs, Hank pushed me to walk up first. I could feel the stares of about ten men on my almost covered ass. The cat calls came in a chorus now. When we got to the control room everyone had left except the guy watching the monitors.
Hank had barely closed the door when he said, "Okay Jake. Time for your Executive Assistant to put out."
Jake said, "Melons, show him your special skill."
Hank was standing in front of the picture window. I asked, "Want to move back to get a little more privacy?"
Hank bellowed, "Look bitch, I want them to see what a dirty slut you are. Get my dick in your mouth for all to see. I want them to know that I am the man and you are a cock sucker."
I shrugged, unzipped his pants and slid his pants and underwear to his knees. I got on my knees and searched for his little dick in the folds of fat. I pushed the folds back and got to his hard-little dick. I forced my mouth over this gross little thing. It was small enough that I could roll my tongue around the entire length. I heard Hank groan. I continued to roll my tongue faster and faster and his little thing got a little larger.
He reached down and pushed his hand back into my shirt as he said, "Untie your shirt, bitch. I want the boys to get a good view of those big jugs I have been feeling all afternoon."
I did as I started stroking my head back and forth. His dick was now maybe four inches long when I shoved some of the folds of fat aside. Hank said, "Gawd, this bitch can really suck cock. No doubt she is better than the whore your competitor had. This one does have hidden talent."
I couldn't believe how turned on I was from sucking this gross pig's dick. I glanced down and all the guys on the floor were watching. I thought maybe the work day was over as many had left.
Hank said, "Oh yea, bitch, suck my dick good." He was thrusting at me causing his fat stomach to roll. "Oh yea, bitch, swallow all of Hank's stuff." He shot a small load in the back of my throat. I easily swallowed it all.
Hank breathing hard said, "That was pretty good. I think you have had a lot of practice. You are a first-class whore, aren't you?"
I heard a female voice behind me that said, "Unless you want the Lutz family to find out about this little tryst, I will get some of that first-class whore myself."
Hank said to Jake, "Jake this is Maggie, the office manager at this site. I thought she was gone. My advice is to let her have her way or she will sink both of us."
Jake said, "No problem, Maggie. Melons is here to please. Aren't you Melons?"
I said, "Whatever the boss says. How do you want it?"
Maggie said, "I want a little privacy. I am going to sit in the chair in back here. I think you know what I want. Give me a nice orgasm."
I said, "Yes, ma'am. No problem." I wanted to please Jake and I thought this would help him get the business.
Luckily, I had experience with Sid. But when I pulled up Maggie's dress and pulled her panties down, there was a big difference. Sid had a pretty smooth hairless pussy. This one was big, fat, wrinkled and hairy. But I was excited from the humiliation and this just added to the humiliation.
I started to kneel between her knees when she said, "Let me eat those big jugs before you start on me."
She twisted both nipples and roughly took the nipples between her teeth. She didn't bite but what she did hurt. I felt a hand between my legs. It was easy for her to slip her fingers into my wet hole as the seam was barely there anyway.
Maggie mumbled as she ate my breast, "You are one hot bitch, aren't you? You are soaking my hand."
I said, "Yes, I am one hot bitch. Thank you, Miss, for that orgasm. Can I please give you one?"
Maggie laughed, "That's what I like. A bitch slut that begs to give me an orgasm."
I dropped to my knees between her legs, happy that Jake had given me these thigh high socks that were thick enough to cushion my knees. I put a hand on her clitoral hood, spread it apart between me thumb and index finger to get the fat moved away and flicked it gently at first with my tongue. I had to part the hair to get inside her labia. My tongue flicking caused her clit to extend enough for me to get it between my thumb and index finger, I extended my tongue into her vagina as far as I could.
I knew she was going to have an orgasm from this. I could hear her breathing become more rapid. I glanced up and saw that her face was grimacing in pleasure. I continued to manipulate his clitoris and get as deep into her pussy as I could with my mouth and tongue.
Maggie finally screamed, "Oh yea, you, nasty bitch. You know how to make a woman happy don't you? There I am having a nice one. Oh yea, oh Gawd, oh yea, fuck my nasty hole with your mouth, you dirty whore. Fuck my hole like that."
I could feel her orgasm last for some time. She finally shuttered and went limp. I stopped my effort and started to rise. Maggie reached around me, hugged me and said, "Thank you that was nice. Sorry I called you a bitch."
I whispered back, "No worries."
Hank laughed, "Well I have now seen it all. One nasty bitch services an ugly nasty bitch."
I didn't like this guy.
There in my face was a young beautiful hard dick ready for me. I glanced up and there was the young man who had been sitting at the monitors. I didn't think twice. I sucked it up and it felt good. I almost felt like this was my reward for the two ugly genitals I had just serviced. I slurped this like a banana popsicle. I wanted this cock in my month.
I heard Hank said loudly, "Go Ethan. Give it to her. Shove that thing down her throat."
And he did. I felt my nose hit his flesh. He had a hard-tight stomach unlike Hank. I knew he was close because he took control of the pace and rocked back and forth using my mouth like it was a vagina. I knelt not moving letting him do all the work.
Hank yelled, "Fuck the bitch's face. Shot your wad all over her face."
He pulled out and the first blast hit me between the eyes. Hank screamed at me, "Open your mouth bitch. Ethan see if you can hit her mouth."
He grabbed his shaft, stroked it and aimed at my open mouth. He was a pretty good shot and full of cum like most young men. I could feel his stuff dripping off my chin and onto my breasts as my shirt was still open. This may have the most humiliating act yet. I wished someone would fuck me.
Hank yelled, "Way to go boy. Bulls eye. Good shooting."
As he finished, I place my hands on either hip and licked his genitals clean. Hank couldn't let it go and demanded, "Lick what you missed off the floor you dirty slut."
I saw a glob between my knees and I bent on all fours and licked the floor. Hank laughed hard, "Look at her. She will do anything I say." Of course, I was doing this for Jake.
I felt two arms under my arm pits, lifting me off the floor. It was Ethan. As I got eye to eye with him he said, "Thank you. That was very good." He tied my shirt back into its place which covered my breasts. He took a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped his cum off my face and chest.
Hank mocked, "Isn't that sweet. Ethan, you need to learn how to treat a slut like this."
Jake said, "I think the tour is over. Hank, I want to impress on you how much we want this business. I hope we have shown you that."
Ethan had guided me to the door and we were both watching the two men interact. Ethan kissed me on the cheek and whispered, "You are beautiful. Again, thanks."
I whispered back, "My pleasure. You have a wonderful dick."
I then barely heard Hank whisper to Jake, "You have my and Maggie's recommendation. It is now up to the owners now. Good luck. And tell Melons she won this for you."
Jake smiled at Hank as he shook his hand. He took me by the arm and lead me down the stairs and out. The place must have closed at five as no one was left but Hank and Ethan.
As we got in the Hummer Jake asked before he started the vehicle, "Are you okay?"
It was the first time he showed any concern for my well-being. I melted. I said, "I am horny as hell and want your beautiful cock."
He laughed, "Well you have more than earned a good fucking. As soon as we get to my house you can count on me. In the meantime, feel free to use one of your toys."
I said, "I think I will wait. But can I play with your beautiful dick as you drive?"
Jake said, "If I can play with your tits. It is an easy drive."
He reached over, untied my shirt and pushed my head in his lap. As he started the vehicle I unzipped his pants and took his already hard dick out. It was about a thirty-minute drive to his place. All the way there he played with my nipples while I lightly kissed and caressed that thing I wanted between my legs.
About half way home I asked, "Sir, may I give myself an orgasm?"
Jake answered, "Yes and you can have as many as you want this weekend. You earned it my perfect slut."
I unzipped my shorts and pushed my hand between my legs. As soon as I hit my sensitive pussy, I felt a tremor hit me full force. It felt so good to be looking and feeling the object of my desire while playing with myself. I also decided I needed a little discipline and wanted his dick deep inside me before I completely turned loose.
It seemed like forever before we finally got to his house. I was in such a daze I barely recognized where we were. I only saw that we were at a nice house. He pulled into the garage and let the garage door down. He came around to help me out. Instead of buttoning up I pulled off my shirt and shorts to let him know I was ready to be fucked.
We entered the kitchen. He pushed me over the kitchen counter, dropped his pants and pushed his straining dick into my now distressed pussy. He hit bottom immediately and hit my pleasure spot immediately. I nearly blacked out from the eruption I had deep in my groin.
He didn't move as he allowed me to lengthen the longest and most intense orgasm of my life. Time stood still for me. I was almost limp. Luckily my G-cups were suctioned to the countertop and he was holding both my hips. As I began to regain some understanding that I was being screwed, he started to move.
He said, "How is it Melons?"
"Oh Sir, your trailer trash slut loves that big beautiful phallus of yours buried deep in her."
I then heard another voice, "Well, well. Good to know my old man still has it."
I tensed not knowing what was happening. Jake must have felt me tense as he instructed, "It's okay. Don't move." He placed his hands on my shoulders to hold me in place. I relaxed and looked to where the sound came from. A tall muscular young man was walking into the kitchen that looked like a young Jake only taller.
Jake said keeping his penis firmly imbedded in my vagina, "Hi Josh, come around and let me introduce Melons."
He walked to the opposite side of the counter facing me. Jake said, "Melons, this is my son Josh."
He released the pressure on my shoulder so I could raise up and get a good look at Josh. And Josh could get a good look at my tits. I extended my hand and said, "Hi Josh, good to meet you."
Josh took my hand and said, "And you also. You certainly look like you are enjoying my dad, so I am sorry to have interrupted. Dad, I will go on the patio and let you finish your business."
I was so embarrassed. First, I didn't know Jake was married or that he had a child. Then to meet him with Jake dick buried to the hilt with my tits being pressed on the kitchen counter.
Josh was turning to leave, when Jake said, "Wait a minute. I might need your help. I was about to shoot my wad but I think Melons needs more of this than I can give her. Why don't you ask Melons if you can have a turn, that is assuming you want a turn?"
Josh said, "You know any heterosexual male would want a turn at this sex goddess. Melons, would you like for me to help my old man?"
I know I turned red and while I was thinking Jake said, "Maybe she needs to see the goods son."
I gave Josh a little nod and a coy smile. He undid his pants and underwear right in front of my face. Just by reflex I reached out to a penis that was almost a carbon copy of Jake's. If anything, it was a little longer. He had the same muscular thighs. His penis jumped to attention with one touch.
Jake said, "What do you think Melons? Think you would like to have two for the price of one."
I know my face and neck turned beet red but I said, "Sir, I would like for your son to take a turn with your slut's cunt if an older woman doesn't gross him out too much. I know I am not worthy."
Jake said, "There you go son. Come around and let your old man have a rest so he can finish in style."
Jake pulled out and was replaced by Josh in one smooth movement. Josh's penis felt as good as Jake's. Jake came around to face me to watch his son fuck me. He undid my bra strap and released my G-cups completely. He lifted me slightly. He took a breast in each hand and squeezed. I had a nice orgasm. Josh felt it and pumped me a little harder.
Once the orgasm subsided, Josh slowed a little, I thought wanting to make it last longer. Jake dropped my tits and started to ask him to keep hold of them as they were so sensitive. But Josh reached around and grabbed them as Jake took my face in his hands. He bent slightly and kissed me at first gently. It was the first time he had kissed me. I immediately started having an orgasm.
Josh said, "Dad, she just started having a strong orgasm." Jake kept his lips on mine but slowly kissed me deeper and deeper. His tongue gently parted my lips. His tongue found mine. Josh had a tight hold on my chest that kept me upright as the orgasm didn't stop for me until I heard Josh make a primal noise, "Ohhhhhhhwee..."
At the same time, I made a primal sound that was muffled by the deep kiss I was getting from Jake.
As the first wave of his eruption hit my depths he said, "Oh my gawd, Melons you have a tight muscular pussy. That feels so good."
Jake released my face as Josh pulled out of my now saturated pussy. His and my juices were running down my legs. Jake had come around to my side the counter, turned me around and lifted me onto the counter. His penis took Josh's place. He wrapped his arms around me as he continued the long hard kiss.
He was slamming into me hard as I lifted off his face and placed it between my tits and buried his face into my flesh. I was on the verge of tears it felt so good.
Jake said, "Tell me how bad you want my wad."
"Oh Mister, I want to feel that big load in me. My slutty cunt is ready for you. Oh, my gracious, I can't stop having orgasms. It feels so good. Thank you, Sir for cumming in me."
Jake had started having as large as orgasm as Josh. He came and came. As he was finishing, I finally started coming off my final eruption. He again took my face in his hands and kissed me another passionate deep kiss. He held there until my last orgasm had passed. He continued to hold me as his penis slipped out of my vagina.
I was leaking on his floor from my womanhood and tears were falling on his shoulder. I felt the presence of Josh beside us not saying anything.
I looked at Josh and he was holding a towel. I took it and first wiped my eyes. Jake took me by the waist and gently helped me get my feet on the floor. He then looked at my dilemma, I wanted to wipe up the mess we had made.
Jake gave me a smile, "Go ahead and wipe our mess up. Son get us some water."
I wiped myself and the floor but I cleaned Jake's genitals with my mouth. As I finished, he pulled me onto his lap as he sat on a chair at his kitchen table.
Josh put two glasses of water in front of both of us. Jake said to Josh, "I thought you had a date?"
Josh said, "I did but she begged off. I think it is probably over between us anyway. I appreciate you sharing Melons with me. Probably the only pussy I will get today. But the real reason I came over was to find out about the meeting today."
As Josh and Jake talked I had my arms around Jakes shoulder with my breasts draped over his shoulders. I was slowly rubbing his back. I had a thousand questions and wondered if I could get any answers.
Jake said, "Well that is a longer story. The short answer is with Melons help, it went well. The rest of this day was planned to be a reward for my slut. I planned to take her to a romantic dinner and well fuck her brains out. But maybe there is a better plan. She might like it if you helped your old man with her reward. What do you think Melons about two Gannon men taking you out for a romantic dinner and both fucking your brains out?"
I am sure I was again turning red. I could barely contain my frenzied emotional thinking about both doing me again. Besides I thought I could get more info from Josh than Jake.
Josh started to object, "Dad that is not fair. I couldn't crash in on your date."
Jake said, "Melons, what would you like?"
I whispered in his ears, "I want you both."
Jake said loudly, "What a slut! Tell my son what my slut wants."
I looked at Josh in the eyes saying forcefully, "I want to go to dinner with you both and have you both fuck my slutty cunt and dirty ass until I can't stand."
Josh laughed a hardy full laugh and said, "Well, that is clear and certainly not an invitation I can turn down. The Gannon men will reward you like you can't imagine."
Jake said, "Ok, then we need to get a move on. We have a reservation at seven at Anatole's. Melons I hope you like French."
I said, "Yes Sir, that will be fine but I don't have anything to wear."
Jake said, "I bought you a new dress and other things. It is in the guest bedroom."
Josh said, "Let me run home and change. Melon, Anatole's is very nice. Dad, I hope you bought her something nice."
"I did, just wait until you see her in it."
Josh said, "Let me drive tonight. If Melon's is going to dress nicely then we would rather have her arrive in my car than a military vehicle. I will be back at 6:30."
Josh bent and kissed me on the cheek while I tried to keep covered against Jake.
Jake said, "Ok Melon, let me show you where you can get ready. I will get your stuff out of the truck."
I got off his lap and tried to cover my naked breasts for some reason.
Jake took me to a guest bedroom and showed me the bathroom and closet where my clothes were hanging. I really wanted a tour of the house. It looked like a very nice home. I guessed three or four bedrooms. I couldn't help but wonder about Jake's wife.
As I was taking a shower, Jake put my purse with my toiletries on the sink. I saw him take a minute and stare at me through the nearly opaque shower door. I could feel a tingle caused by his stare at my nakedness. It felt so good to the physically appealing to him.
After I dried off and did my hair and makeup, I looked in the closet for the dress. It was a gorgeous stone colored short sleeve satin sheath dress. I couldn't believe my eyes. I just hoped it fit. On the bed were a pair of stone colored satin panties, beige thigh highs and a stone colored thin lacy bra. Sitting on the floor was a pair of white medium heeled pumps. It was so tasteful I couldn't believe it.
I dressed and it all fit perfectly. I looked in the mirror and saw someone I had never seen before. I was elegant. I had never seen this person before. The dress hugged my large breasts and accentuated my smaller waist and flared hips. There was no doubt that Jake's exercise program had helped my figure. The square neck line showed some cleavage but nothing you wouldn't see in all social circle. Let's face it my cleavage started almost at my neck.
As I was working on my hair looking in the mirror, I heard a soft knock on the door. I said, "Come in."
Jake pushed the door open and just stared for a long period. I finally said, "Do I have something wrong?"
Jake smiled that crush me smile and said, "Actually, I have never seen anything so right. Merilee, you are just beautiful. I have no other words. You just need one more thing."
He opened a jewelry box that contained a pearl neckless and earrings. I said, "Oh Jake, you shouldn't have."
Jake said, "Well, yes I should. You earned it and I wanted to get you these things."
I hugged him saying, "I am still your Melons. I will always be your trailer trash slut.
"Well that dress sure brings out a different side of you. We need to be going. Josh is here."
I quickly put on the jewelry and followed Jake to a great room where Josh was waiting.
Josh whistled and said, "Melons, you are well beyond words. Dad, you did great. What a beautiful dress for a beautiful sexy woman."
I tapped Josh on the shoulder, gave him my best demur look and said, "Thank you. Glad, you appreciate your elders."
Josh's car was an older model Lincoln Town Car. Jake opened the rear door for me as I got in. He sat very close to me. I thought maybe he was even going to put his arm around me but didn't.
As soon as Josh drove out Josh said, "Ok dad give. No way you picked that dress out."
Jake looked at me and smiled. That smile hit me like a brick. How could just a smile affect me like this. Maybe because it didn't occur as often. There was no doubt he was treating me differently. But the truth was I liked being treated like a slut but this was also nice.
"Well, my son, I got some help. I gave Teddy instructions and she already had Merilee's sizes and she picked it out for me. Teddy owns a designer second hand shop." He then frowned a little. I could sense he thought somehow because it came from a second-hand shop it made the gesture less in my eyes.
I wrapped my arms around his arms, forcing my breasts to enclose his bicep and whispered in his ear, "It is a terrific gift. Thank you!"
Josh said, "Time to tell me what happened today at the warehouse."
As we drove to the restaurant Jake and I told Josh the story of how we got Hank and Maggie to recommend Gannon Security.
As I described how I sucked off Hank, he said, "Well it is beyond the call of duty to have to suck that fat gross obnoxious pig."
Then I told him about doing Maggie to keep her from talking. Josh shook his head.
Josh said as we pulled up to the restaurant, "Well you have certainly earned this dinner. Thank you very much."
I wanted to tell him I would do anything for his dad but decided against it.
We had a very nice meal and I found out a lot about Jake and Josh. Jake had a degree in criminal justice and became a detective in a large city. He worked for twenty years before he retired and started Gannon Securities. He had been in business about five years. His first client was the Woolsey account. The Woolsey account was still the largest account unless he could win Lutz.
I was anxious to find out about Josh mother. So, I pressed a little saying, "Where is Josh's mother."
Josh said, "Dad you haven't told her already?"
Jake shook his head no.
Josh looked at his father with some disgust, "I don't know my mother. Dad has never told me who she was. He knocked up my mother while he was a detective. All he has told me is that my mother didn't want me but he did so he paid her to go full term and then leave. He has raised me as a single father. Want to add anything more Dad?"
Jake shook his head no but I asked, "So you have never been married?"
Jake said, "No, just never found the right person. I wanted Josh and he has been my life. He has been all I needed."
Again, this man was melting me. I wanted to fuck him with the whole restaurant watching.
We were on our second bottle of wine as Josh started telling me about himself.
He was twenty-five. He received a two-year technology degree and many certifications while working for what he called a technology sweat shop.
Jake said, "Last year my company was able to bring on Josh. We are using more and more technology in our business and Josh is really helping us. We couldn't be bidding on this job without Josh. If we get this business I am going to make Josh a partner. So, your help means a lot to both of us. I want to have my son as a partner."
Josh said, "I agree, your help means a lot to us. I know that dad sometimes has a hard time showing how he feels but I know this is important to him. I can also tell you this is unusual for him to be this romantic even if he asked his son to come along on his date."
I asked, "You mean this is really a date?"
I looked Jake in the eyes and smiled. Jake said, "It certainly is."
It was almost ten when we left the restaurant. When we got in the back-seat Jake took my hand and whispered, "You have this car ride to be Merilee then you will be my Melons."
I wrapped my arms around him and kissed him deeply. I could feel the dampness. I almost had an orgasm while kissing him on the way home.
As we got out of the car Josh asked, "Are you sure you want me to tag along?"
I wasn't sure if he was asking me or Jake, when Jake said, "It is up to Melons. All I have promised her is that I will fuck her brains out and take her anal cherry. Other than that, it is up to Melons. It is her night."
I said, "Josh, I thought you wanted to show me your appreciation for helping with Hank and Maggie?"
"Oh, I do and I will."
As we got in the door Jake took me in his arms and kissed me deeply as he unzipped my dress. He slid it down my body and helped me out of it. He then handed it to me, turned me around and unclasped the neckless.
He said, "Hang this up. No need to put anything else on."
I walked to the bedroom, still in heals, garter belt stocking, satin panties and the almost there stone colored lace bra. I could feel the wetness between my legs and decided to lose the panties. When I came back into the den, Jake was sitting on one end of the couch while Josh was on the other end leaving me the seat between them.
I sat between the two men. Jake took me in his arms and kissed me deeply. I felt Josh kissing my neck while I French kissed Jake. After a little I reversed, French kissing Josh while Jake kissed my neck. Jake undid the clasp in the back of the bra and slipped it off my shoulders. He played with my breasts, squeezing and kneading them like dough. Josh now had his fingers in my wet vagina.
I had a big wet orgasm. I was moaning from the attention of these two manly men.
Jake picked me up, placed me on all fours on the couch and placed my head over Josh's penis, obviously wanting me to suck it. As I started sucking Josh, he placed his mouth on my pussy and stroked his tongue from my clit to my asshole. He did this over and over with each pass allowing his tongue deeper into my vagina and asshole. It felt like he could penetrate my butt. It felt so good to have his son in my mouth and my pussy in Jake's mouth.
Before long he replaced his tongue with his penis. He slipped it in all the way and held it their while I worked on Josh's penis. They were each holding onto a sensitive breast. Jake started long strokes driving deep in and out of my pussy. I was almost out of it from the sensation between my legs. It felt like I was having shivers from head to foot.
I could sense that Josh was ready to erupt. Josh said, "Get ready, Melons, I am ready."
Without taking my mouth off his members I shook my head and mumbled, "Huuuhhaa..."
He squirted into my throat. I took all but a little that ran down my chin. Jake was now slamming my pussy. When Josh finished, he stood me up with his arms around me. Josh knelt, wrapped his arms around me and French kissed me. Jake was now kissing my neck as he slammed his penis into my pussy. I was so out of it they were keeping me upright. I could barely stay conscious but I wanted to enjoy every second of this.
Jake turned lose as he made a loud scream saying, "Oh my Gawd that feels so good Melons. Oh fuck, oh fuck ..."
I could feel a huge eruption inside the very depths of my pussy. They held me there for a little while I got a sense that I could stand.
Jake said, "Go get a towel, the lube and the large anal plug. Do you want another glass of wine?"
I said, "Yes Sir."
When I got back, he and Josh were sitting on the couch drinking what looked like bourbon. There was a straight back chair sitting on the other side of the coffee table from them. There was also a glass of white wine and water on the coffee table in front of the chair.
Jake instructed, "Come here and bend over in front of me."
I did as he instructed. He took the lube and liberally worked it into my tight hole. He then said, "Relax."
He started slowly working the large anal plug into my ass. He said, "I know this will hurt but you will get used to it. This is about the same size as my penis. Doing this will allow you to get used to the feeling of something this big. Josh, she has been using a smaller plug and so her asshole should be more accommodating to this thing."
As he was talking he had gotten it almost there. He then said, "Just a little more and it will be in."
I felt the last inch slip in as I gave a little yelp. I stiffened and stood up. Jake said, "Melons, just relax. Go sit in your chair and have some water and wine."
I walked to the chair and sat gingerly. It was hurting but I tried to ignore it. I reached for the water and took a big drink. They were both staring at my huge G-cups with both of their beautiful penises in view. I don't think Josh ever went flaccid but Jake was. I took a big gulp of wine, feeling a little self-conscious about being in the spot light.
Jake asked, "How did you enjoy dinner?"
"I enjoyed it very much. I really enjoyed finding out about you and Josh." I had my legs squeezed together, my hands wrapped around my wine glass and sitting over my Mons Pubis.
Jake said, "Open your legs and show us your slutty cunt."
I opened my legs just a little. I realized that my ass hole wasn't burning quite as much and that I was beginning to get raved up again. I both hated and loved that these two masculine men were watching me. I was very self-conscious about how I looked but the attention turned me on.
Jake said, "Show us what a slut you really are. I can see the excitement already. Put your hands under those large breasts and make your nipples stand out."
I took another large gulp of wine, placed both hands under my breasts, lifted them and wrapped my index finger and thumb around each nipple. I made my nipples hard and then kneaded my breasts for my two men.
Josh said, "Dad, those are the best tits I have ever seen. I could watch this all night but I think Slut Melon needs an orgasm before I slam this hard dick in her."
Jake said, "Show us how much a slut makes herself have an orgasm before I have my son slam his dick in you."
I drank the remainder of the glass of wine. Then I placed both hands on the top of my slit, spread the hood with one hand and found the pleasure spot with the other. My clit was so excited that it was extended to be easily seen by my two men. I knew that an orgasm was coming so instead of being gentle with it I attacked it. I rapidly vibrated my hand back and forth over the extended clit. I started to quake from head to foot, threw my head back and moved my hand more forcefully and rapidly over my now completely extended clit and labia. I felt fluids gushing out of my pussy. I could feel the liquid hitting my legs and I was sure it went over everything around me. It seemed to be lasting forever but I couldn't stop.
I heard Josh say, "I have never seen anyone do that. Have you?"
Jake said, "Not to that extend. I think we have found a slut that can also squirt."
It didn't matter to me what was being said or done. I couldn't stop. I wanted this to last as long as possible. Eventually, the eruption started to subside. I wanted to pass out but I heard Jake say, "Son, put your dick in her pussy but don't move. Give her a chance to recover before giving her more."
Josh knelt between my legs. I had slumped in the chair with my ass almost suspended. There was no longer any pain in my ass. Josh gently put his penis into my flooded pussy. Josh's penis felt so good in my vagina. He held as his father had instructed.
Jake handed me a glass of water, "Here you are going to get dehydrated." I emptied the glass.
I said, "Thank you Sir Jake. Josh, I am ready."
Josh started a slow movement in and out of my still excited vagina. I took Jake's penis in my hand and gently stroked it.
Jake said, "Tell me how much you like that penis."
"Oh Sirs, I love both your penises. They are so wonderful. They make your slut so excited. I want them in any hole you want."
Josh was now making medium speed and I was beginning to have orgasms again. I could hear myself say, almost subconsciously, "Oh Josh, your penis feels so good in this slut's hole. Oh Gawd. I am ready to have my ass taken. I want Mister Jake's dick in my ass. It would feel so good. I want you both at once."
Jake said to Josh, "Pick her up and sit on the couch with her on top."
Josh did. Neither of us moved waiting for Jake to act. My ass was now accessible to Jake. Jake said to me, "I am going to pull the plug out. It may hurt for a minute but you are ready for this."
I said, "I want your beautiful dick in my nastiest hole Sir. I don't care how much it hurts."
Jake pulled the plug out. There was a little pain but not much. I realized that part of my squirting and how good Josh felt in me was that the plug had put additional pressure on my vagina and G-spot. It had enhanced my orgasms not detracted from them.
With the plug removed I felt empty. That didn't last long as Jake started inserting his hard-large dick in its place. Josh and I still hadn't moved waiting for Jake to get positioned. I could feel Jake stop at my sphincter waiting for me to relax. As I relaxed he pushed past that point. I knew that Josh and Jake would be able to feel each other in my holes. With Jake barely in my hole, I started slowly rocking back and forth. At first slight movements that became more extended with each cycle. By doing this I was slowly taking more of Jake's long hard thick dick in my ass.
I started having orgasms again. None were as large as the one I had masturbating for the Gannon boys but they none the less felt good.
Josh said while kneading my tits and alternating taking one nipple in his mouth after the other, "I love eating these. They taste like sweet Melons."
I took his head in my hands and squeezed my breasts into his mouth. I said to Jake, "Sir, does my ass feel good to you?"
Jake said, "It is so tight and I have wanted it since the first day I saw you. It is a beautiful sight to see my dick being sucked by the muscles in my dirty slut's hole."
I said, "I love having the Gannon's embedded in my dirty slut holes. Is it all the way in?"
Jake said, "Not yet but close."
I stop moving and said, "I want it all. I don't care how much it hurts. I want all of the Gannon boys in me."
Jake pushed and I could feel his stomach against my back. I said, "Oh my Gawd, Sirs. That hurts so good. Fuck me hard."
I started moving rapidly back and forth on Josh's penis while Jake matched my movement with his own. The pain from him forcing all his dick in my ass went away quickly. I was left with the pleasure of having both in me. Josh was eating my breast while Jake had reached around and was massaging my stomach and Mons Pubis. Jake was also kissing my neck. It seemed like every inch of me was being cared for.
The orgasms were continuing but I could feel the orgasms intensifying. I was now close to passing out. I made myself continue to move on Josh's penis to match Jake's movement as it felt so good. I was making primal sounds.
Josh said, "Melons I am ready."
I said, "Please Sir, fill my nasty pussy. I want all of you."
I could feel Josh erupt deep inside of me. I was sure Jake could feel the eruption and I had a very large orgasm. I could feel my anal muscles contract from the orgasm. This must have been just enough to finish Jake.
Jake whispered in my ear, "I am going to fill your asshole up with my skunk."
I yelled, "Please Sir, fill your slut's holes with your spunk. I want both in me."
Josh finished as Jake's orgasm started. My large orgasm continued as they both remained in me. Fluid was running out of both my pussy and asshole. We all collapsed with Jake's hands wrapped around my breast and I pressed into Josh from Jake's weight.
I was barely conscious. I could feel both Josh and Jake softening inside of me. I first heard a pop as Jake's penis became soft enough to pop out of my butt. He kissed me softly on the shoulder and whispered, "That was great for me. How was it for you?"
I whispered back, "It was indescribable for me. Thank you, Sir."
He laughed and said, "We should be thanking you."
He raised off me, pick up the towel and said, "Just for tonight I will clean you." He took the towel and wiped me, I took care of Josh with my tongue.
When I had licked Josh clean, I turned, "It would be my honor to do you Sir." On my knees, I cleaned off his now limp dick.
He lifted me off the floor, kissed me and asked, "Did you enjoy your reward?"
I was on the verge of tears, "Yes Sir, it was the best reward I have ever received."
Josh said laughing, "Oh, we do that for all our female employees. Just hang around."
With tears in my eyes I laughed, turned, slapped him on the shoulder, "You, petulant child. What are we adults to do with you?"
Jake said, "He is not beyond spanking. And neither are you. But for tonight it is time to go to bed. Give Josh a hug. I didn't get you any sleeping attire but there is a new exercise outfit that might be comfortable enough to sleep in. You can sleep in the guest bedroom."
I wanted to sleep with him but I knew better than to push it. As I hugged Josh goodnight he whispered, "Thank you. You are one sexy beautiful woman."
I whispered back, "Thank you for a great night. Good night."
I took a shower, put on yet another too revealing exercise outfit. I went to the kitchen and had a last glass of water with Jake.
We got up the next morning, late, worked out, had a big lunch/brunch before he took me back to the trailer in the afternoon. I wanted to move my stuff in with him that day. His last instructions were to do the same schedule as the week before except that I didn't have to diddle myself until Wednesday.