It ended up being 2:30 in the afternoon before Keith Foxx could break away from his barn duties with Isaiah Ruuthouse. Isaiah himself had lost track of time until wife Mary stepped out into the clearing with a basket lunch of sandwiches.
"Husband? Should not Mister Foxx take Grace into town?"
Isaiah nods digging into the basket to find a kosher beef sandwich.
"A good day's work my friend. You have much talent with your hands." Isaiah inhales his sandwich.
As he spoke the words Mary concurred with a beguiling if not intended blush toward Keith. He read her mind almost instantly and quickly changed the subject.
"I'll run Grace to my house then come back out and finish the day with you Isaiah. Give me an hour or so."
Mary swiftly raises the basket, "Some lunch Mister Foxx?"
"Keith. Please call me Keith. Both of you. All of you." He motions to the entire clan respectfully. Removing his gloves he then reached in for a sandwich and took a bite from it. It was very tasty.
Each of them nodded their acceptance of his wishes.
Stepping away Keith moved toward the house. On the way he met young Jonah who had briefly excused himself to use the outhouse.
"Hey there Jonah." Keith greets him with a grin.
The boy shyly rubbed his palms together trying to form speech.
"Are you leaving us, Sir?"
"Yep. I'm taking Grace to town to study with my daughter."
Nervously Jonah is prompted to expel, "Please tell your daughter I said hello."
"Oh, I'm sure she will remember you." Keith winks at the boy and leaves him behind. The boy stunned smiles brightly. He would then force his reactions back to not create tension with his family.
Reaching the front porch Keith looks up at grandmother Anna and waves at her.
"Is Grace ready to go?"
Before the elderly woman could reply Grace excitedly bursts from the house and starts down the steps. Suddenly, she changes direction and races back to give her Grandmother a hug.
"I shall be back in time for supper, Grandmother. I have peeled the potatoes and carrots for you and Mother. Wish me luck."
Anna still cautious merely scowls. Still, she loved her Granddaughter.
Keith had already jumped into his truck and started the engine. Seconds later Grace actually knocks on the passenger door respectfully. Keith chuckles then reaches across to open the door.
"No need to knock Kid. That doors always open to friends."
Grace blushes lightly, "Thank you Sir. I cannot wait to see Britney."
"I'm still not sure all of this is a good idea. Brit's taking a huge risk trying to change you. I certainly don't want you to get shunned over this."
Grace frowns, "Nor I. But, I have my own life to lead. I will not be shunned. However I will not be spoken too for quite some time. Especially from Father. Mother will be on my side."
Backing up Keith turns to look behind his driving.
"Mary seems rather open minded."
"More each day. Father does not know how much."
"Secrets safe here Kid."
"Good." She smiles warmly, "Then it would be no surprise to know that Mother thinks you are quite attractive."
Moving his truck forward Keith heads down the grassy path to the dirt road.
"Somehow I think I knew that was in her eyes. She should be careful. I definitely don't want your Father trying to shoot me."
"Father overlooks most things. He is always staying busy. Mother feels ignored by my Father."
"That's a shame. My wife treats me like that too. Always at work or-" He trails off not really wanting to let on his knowledge of his wife's extracurricular activities on weekends. It was for the best.
Grace picks up on his sadness and hesitantly reaches over to his hands on the steering wheel and pats his right knuckle. She swiftly removed it with a sincere glint in her eye and a frown.
"Thanks Kid. Crazy enough I needed to feel that. It's been a rough year at home. I feel like I'm raising my kids by myself sometimes." He smirks, "Especially Brit. This new sexual side to her has me worried. Lots of bad guys out there. Diseases. Getting pregnant. All of that kind of stuff. You should think of all of that before getting too bold."
Grace ponders his words then smiles warmly, "I do worry. Yet, I need to feel alive. Being Mennonite and secluded is all I know. The world calls to me. My body hungers."
Keith raises an eye brow, "I was a teenager once too. I hear you. Just know you can come to me if you need the advice of an adult."
"I welcome that, Sir. Thank you. When Brit makes me over will you give me your honest opinion?"
"Will I get to see that? When I come back later to take you home you will be back to normal. Right?"
"I will have Britney take pictures of me."
"Fair enough. I don't think you guys have near enough time to do your thing though. Four hours goes by fast."
Grace fidgets with a saddened expression, "I know this. I wish I had more time."
Keith studies the road as he nears town. His thoughts forming a conclusion.
"I'll stop just before I get back to your house and tinker under my truck hood. I'll make things look like I have car trouble. It might give you an extra hour at best."
Grace perks up with her jaw lowering slightly, "Father knows nothing about cars. Nor my uncles."
"I'll call a buddy of mine and have him tow my truck into town. Won't cost me a thing. I'll suggest that you stay the night and I can bring you back tomorrow. I can even get a fake repair receipt to show Isaiah."
Gleefully Grace leans over and hugs his arm then blushes and returns to her upright sitting position, "Thank you. That might work."
"Yeah, as long as your Dad doesn't get you a taxi ride home. I'll do my best to get him to understand you're in good hands."
"Mother might defend me if you wink at her." Grace shivers in her seat biting her tongue between her lips and appearing devious.
"I'm pretty sure that would ruin things." He shakes his head.
"As long as my family does not see it. Mother will keep that to herself. We have had many talks."
"Risky, there. I'll consider it. Let's just take this a step at a time. Who knows, your Dad might drive his tractor into town to get you." Keith chuckles.
"That would be humiliating." She grimaces.
Nodding his agreement Keith enters town and within minutes pulls into his driveway.
"Yep. Wife's long gone as usual. Good thing considering."
The front door of the house opens up and Brit comes racing out. As Grace exits the trucks cab she is swiftly snatched up by her arm and drug inside the house.
Keith shakes his head and follows them.
He had a window of twenty minutes before heading back out to the farm. Going inside he grabs a glass of milk and a bag of chips to tide over his lingering appetite. The sandwich earlier wasn't enough to satisfy. He lingered in the kitchen a bit before journeying toward the restroom. At the door he looks over and notices Brit's bedroom door was wide open. His eyes bulged as he noted Brit dropping Grace's skirt to the floor. She was already topless. This left Grace in only her panties and socks.
Grace looks at herself in the mirror and squeezes her perfect 34C's. Behind her reflection she noted Keith eying her and shaking his head in disbelief.
Brit stands up and looks over at her dad, "Peeping Tom."
Keith looks away just as Grace flutters her fingers at him in the mirror. It was a good thing he entered the bathroom. Taking a piss with an erection was never comfortable.
"I think my dad liked what he saw." Brit giggles.
"I think so too. Am I trying on the underwear on the bed there?"
"Yes. This bra should be your size. It's a few years old but still nice. My chest is bigger now. Lucky you I never throw things away. You can keep these if you want."
"I would have to leave them here. I could never risk wearing these at home or around family."
"That's fine. They're here when you need them. Three sets I never wear anymore."
Grace picks up a frilly red bra and thong set and tries the bra on. It fit and formed perfectly, bulging her breasts at the cleavage.
As Grace lowers her panties to the floor Keith exits the bathroom just in time to see her bent over and her virgin snatch puckering out vividly.
He growls under his breath as Grace stands up and spots him again in the mirror. It made her blush yet offer him a beguiling smile. She had never been seen nude before. It was exhilarating the response.
Keith chuckles, "I gotta head back. I told Grace I'll run interference by faking truck problems. Distributer wire should do the trick. Gonna have Ellis tow my truck to town. Any luck I can persuade Isaiah to let Grace spend the night."
Brit jumps up and down in place, "That would be totally awesome. I love you Daddy."
"Love you too. You guys have fun."
Grace turns to face Keith and scowls, "Do I look like a guy?"
He lowers his gaze to her patch of pubic hair and silky thighs then fidgets his lips,
"Nope. Not a guy."
Keith Foxx left before his erection would need attention. On his way back to the farm gave him plenty of time to calm his hormones down.
Just before the turn off to Isaiah's farm he pulls his truck to the side of the road and loosens his distributer wires causing his truck to not turn over when trying. Hood lowered he hoofed it to the house on foot.
Reaching the house he found Mary on the porch swing. Seeing him she brightened up and stood to await his arrival.
"You are walking. Where is your auto?"
"Broke down just before the turn off to the farm. Engine lost power for some reason. I looked it over but I'm no mechanic so I'll need to call a tow truck later. I figured I made a promise to Isaiah I'd finish the day out on the barn and I intend to keep my word. We should consider though that I might not be able to get Grace home until tomorrow. Unless you have any ideas."
Mary stood expressionless and fanned herself with a tiny paper fan. She knew that Isaiah would be upset.
"My husband will be worried."
"Well, she is safe and I'll be at home with the kids later. I'm pretty sure my mechanic can have my truck fixed by morning."
"While I might have faith in you. Husband will be cautious. I feel my daughter is in good hands. But, Isaiah will be less trusting."
"I understand. If I can figure out a way to get her home tonight I will."
Keith nods with a smile and without thinking about it winks at her. Her response led to a sheepish grin.
"Sorry about that. I hope that wasn't too forward. It's instinct is all."
"No. You are merely being charming. We are alone and that is a good thing. As long as Isaiah or Anna do not see it."
"I'll try to keep my ways to myself. We do live in different worlds and I respect that. Forgive me."
"There is nothing to forgive." She looks around her first then offers him a wink of her own.
Keith chuckles, "Be careful now. I have a weakness for beautiful women who wink at me."
Mary blushes and lowers her gaze, "That is very kind of you to compliment me so. I would caution you to only act this way when we are alone such as now."
"Of course. Grace told me you thought I was attractive."
Mary Ruuthouse again blushes and offers an expression of regret.
"I should not tell my daughter such things."
"She's a good kid, Mary. Secret's safe with me."
Mary again looks around cautiously then pats her chest over her heart.
"It is very warm out." She faintly giggles.
"Yeah, no offense but I don't know how you folks wear so much clothing and no air conditioning."
"Unpleasant for certain." Mary slyly grins tugging at her blouse's top button.
He eyes her chest guessing her at a 36D. Before he could stare he shudders and decides it best to head out to the field.
"I will walk with you. Isaiah might react badly if I am not there to caution him."
She leaves the porch steps to reach him as he turns to react to her beside him. Her eyes were beautiful staring up at him.
"If he doesn't shoot me over getting Grace home, he might shoot me for admiring you."
Mary hesitates with widening eyes, "I do not allow guns in the home. Beware his slingshot though."
"Sense of humor. I like that. Love the blue eyes by the way."
Mary shivers in her step eying him one second and turning away just as swiftly. Time and again as they walk she shares her gaze.
"I trust you will behave around Isaiah. Words though compliment will get us both into trouble."
"Absolutely. This remains between us. You have my word."
"In that case, I find your eyes equally as stunning." She blushes.
Keith chuckles, "Just my eyes? Damn, and here I thought my muscles had you won over."
"If I were to be honest?" She enquires.
"Please."
She folds her arms over her chest snugly, their walk slowing.
"I have thought of you much since meeting you."
"About what?"
Discovering eye contact dangerous she merely smiles away, "Much. To speak of things is sin."
He lifts his t-shirt and shows her his bare chest running fingers in his chest hair, "Things like this?"
Her eyes locate his trap and she freezes in step to unfold her arms and appear wanting to touch him. She hesitates until he grabs her hand and plants it in his chest hair. She lingers then trembles until she forces herself to behave.
"Yes, such things. We should not do this now. Eyes might be on us even amidst this timber."
"Yeah, you're right. Although I haven't heard hammers stop once."
She bats her eyes wildly in confusion then looks toward the barely revealed field. The pathway was clear in both directions.
Boldly, she snatches up his hands and raises them to her breasts. She closes her eyes as she forces his hands to squeeze them through her dress. Although brief she exhaled a low whine of pleasure.
"No fair. You touched my bare chest."
She opens her eyes as he lowers his palms. Feeling them leave her she pouts and regains her composure.
"That would be unwise at this time." She regrets whispering.
"Is any time a safe time out here?"
She grasps his reasoning and knows that no time would ever be safe. She would have to take risks to gain rewards. Taking his hand she pulls him from the path to a more concealed tree line. There she unbuttons her upper buttons and reveals her white bra. She then feverishly pulls her bra lower to reveal her breasts to him.
Keith nodded his approval as he squeezed her bare chest. In his tenderness she gasps and closes her eyes. It wasn't until she felt his lips around her nipple that she reacted. Her hands racing through his hair.
"Forgive me Lord." She whispers.
Keith tugs her nipple between his lips then stops. He reaches up and pulls her bra back in place. Then the flaps of her blouse. She found his respect refreshing if not disturbing to her desires.
Buttoning up she smiles, "Thank you, Keith. I feel silly."
"Don't. That was beautiful. Another time, another place, I might go further. But, I don't want to ruin our friendship here. Regardless, I find you very beautiful."
"My heart is racing. I find you very striking too. I will never speak of this. Nor do I have a desire to forget. Another time, another place, I too might go further."
He winks at her then takes her hand and puts it on his erection, "Reality is right here, Mary."
She bulges her eyes at his girth, "Oh my."
He then turns away and returns to the path. She regains her composure and follows him like a puppy. They had minutes to get it together. The journey ended at the barn.
Isaiah stopped sawing the 2x4 he had been working on as Mary and Keith joined them. He eyes Mary who kept a low profile and hesitant to speak. Keith made up for her.
"Sorry I'm late. My truck broke down just before the turn on to your property. I don't suppose anyone here knows anything about engines?"
Isaiah's kin all shrug amongst themselves as Isaiah rubs his beard with an ungloved hand.
"I figured as much. I'll call a tow truck and have it towed into town."
Isaiah squints at him, "And, what of my daughter?"
In response Keith grits his teeth, "My wife's out of town until tomorrow night and she has our only other car. I suppose I can get her a taxi to get home but that's going to cost a fortune this far from town. I know this is an inconvenience. A very unexpected inconvenience. Trust me I never saw this coming. My trucks only six years old. Miles are low yet. If you have any other ideas I'm certainly open to them Isaiah. I value our friendship here. Yours and Mary's."
Without expression Isaiah returns to cutting his board, leaving Keith to absorb his silence. Looking to Mary for an inkling of what Isaiah's mood swing meant left him just as awkward.
Mary opted to interject, "Husband? Perhaps we trust Keith with our daughter overnight. It would be only one night?" She leers at Keith.
"Absolutely. I mean if I can find her a ride home tonight I will. But, I can't just order people to do my bidding. I don't have all that many friends having lived in this area a little over a year. I'll keep her safe, Isaiah. You have my word. If it becomes an issue of my truck not being fixed, which it is a Sunday tomorrow so those chances are slim, I'll just have to wait until my wife gets home late tomorrow and use her car to bring Grace home."
Isaiah completes his cut and passes the lumber off to Zachariah and Hiram. Once done he again removes both gloves and extends a hand toward Keith. A hand shake heartfelt.
"I will trust you in this instance. Until I am proven wrong." Isaiah then looks to Mary, "She will miss tomorrows Church service."
Mary offers a saddened look, "God will watch over our daughter. I am sure Grace will say her prayers."
Keith merely watches the two of them sharing mental thoughts. Suddenly Keith felt wrong over his intrusion into Mary's desires. A lingering pause later and Isaiah hands him a saw.
"Another two hours my friend?"
"Let me set up a tow truck for 5:00 and I'll get back to work."
Keith steps away to use his cellphone. His first text was to Britney, "You have Grace for 24 hours tops. Do not reply to this."
He then calls his friend "Ellis Dupree" who had a towing service. After a short heads up that he needed his assist Keith turned to find Mary to his left. She had heard his conversation. Nothing damaging luckily.
"May I speak with Grace?"
Warmly smiling Keith dials Brit's cell and awaits an answer, "Hey Sweetheart? Mary wants to talk to Grace real fast. Put her on."
He awaits Grace to get on the phone before passing his cell to Mary.
"Daughter? Mister Foxx, Keith has had car trouble. Your father and I have agreed to let you stay the night at their home. Yes, your Father is trusting. Be on your best behavior. We love you. What?" Mary suddenly blushes eying Keith, "I will not answer that question young lady. Silence yourself this instant. You are not alone."
Keith raises an eye brow as their conversation ends with a delicate breath of composure.
"Should I ask what that was about?"
Mary turns her back to her husband and hands Keith his cell back before swallowing with tension, "My daughter lives of two worlds and hides within ours. Perhaps, I share a certain sentiment toward that. She becomes bolder each day that she attends public school."
Taking a deep breath she smiles at Keith, "She asked me if I had trouble keeping my eyes off of you."
"That answers that." Keith nods smirking, "At least she didn't pose that question about your hands."
Blushing Mary decides to not look back and leave him to rejoin the work force.
At the tree line she stops and holds her hands to her chest and closes her eyes. Sin was all over this woman. Her thoughts devil inspired to be certain.
Keith returned to work and fulfilled his day as promised.
Isaiah was in his own world of thought. Yet respectful.
Back in town Britney and Grace had jumped up on her bed and was dancing around at their time extension.
"Oh my God. My dad is so awesome. 24 hours, all night. Let's do your hair in a long French braid."
Grace's eyes bulged in her glee, "Yes, lets."
Within the following two hours eighteen year old Emily Grace Ruuthouse became a work of art.