"Oh my God! Look at the prices on some of these prom dresses. I can't afford these?"
"Quit pouting already. Carwash cash to the rescue." Britney pelted her bestie Cryssa on the forehead playfully.
"I thought we were saving that money for our Daytona trip."
"We have enough. Besides we can always throw another carwash."
Tara Zellers bulges her eyes, "Another one? Say what?"
"Just a thought. If we get too low on our funds we might have to."
"How can we possibly top the last one? I don't think the Firehouse will let us pull a stunt like that on their property again." Sophia Pope frowns while looking over a blue dress with rhinestone pearls.
Britney Foxx ponders the matter as she too rifles through dress after dress in the store. None seemed to attract her. She had something specific in mind and would shop until she found it."
"See anything you like Nancy?" Dawn Lawrence the resident redhead asks while merely browsing without actually touching. Nancy Barker grimaces in Dawn's direction with a hint of hopelessness.
"Nothing here will fit my big ass."
"Now! Now!" Dawn scolded her knowing that Nancy was hard on herself being the extra big girl of the group, "They tailor to fit so stop already."
"They're going to need three dresses to make one for me."
Cryssa hearing her remark snorts then looks away with bulging eyes. She didn't want to offend Nancy but her comments just came across as hilarious. The other girls smirked but kept their thoughts to themselves. As the group divides an Employee enters the scene offering help.
"Good morning Ladies. My name is Vivian let me know if I can be of assist. Looking for Prom dresses I bet."
Britney peps up, "Do you have anything almost Amish but not?"
"First time I've heard that one." Vivian was taken by surprise, " So, very conservative? No low front cleavage? Front or back?"
"Forget I asked that. My date is Mennonite. I know his family will want to take pictures and I don't want to come across as slutty."
"But, you are slutty." Cryssa chokes and runs.
"You're one to talk Harlot." Brit calls out then instantly calms herself, "Sorry Vivian. She is right about one thing I like showing more skin than most. But, for Jonah I'm going to try and keep it together if you know what I mean."
"Do we have a color in mind?" Vivian works with Britney.
"Neutral. Too flashy might upset his parents."
"I see. White?"
"As long as it doesn't look like a wedding dress. So never getting hitched."
"We all say that Dear." Vivian wags a diamond ring in front of the girls, "I said yes exactly one year ago. Our anniversary is tomorrow."
"Not too late to throw him back." Cryssa had to be sarcastic again. This time Tara slaps the Filipino beauties back of the head, "HEY! You guys are gonna give me whiplash. Or, mess up my awesome hair."
"Be nice Cryssa." Dawn points threateningly, "We can slap you from all sides."
"Only on the ass Red."
"That's for kicking." Sophia chuckles.
"I'll hide behind Nancy. You'll never find me."
"Stop being a bitch already." Brit throws her arms to her sides, palms up with a glare of "What the fuck!"
"Apologize to Nancy. Now!" Brit stares with a bitter look. Nancy was half of their ride. Brit's mother Rita was outside smoking before coming in to be of assist.
Vivian York smirks at their banter knowing they were merely being mischievous. As if ignoring them the Employee in her late 20's glances about for possibilities to suggest to Britney. Before she could point out an option Cryssa bulges her eyes and drops her jaw.
"OH MY GAWD! That dress is so mwah." She races to grab a stunning red number from a clothes rod. It was a shoulder less number that had short bicep sleeves to hold the dress up. It's train was fairly long. Too long for her short legs, "I would look like a salsa dancer in this. I love it." She looks at the price and perks up, "Hey! This is only $175.00. How awesome is that?"
Vivian smiles, "With your deep complexion that dress would look stunning on you. You're welcome to try it on. The changing room is right over there." Of course over there meant the back of the store that had an opening into an adjoining store for Men that dealt with Tuxedos. Eying the sign above the entry Cryssa busted up laughing, "Look! The Tuxedo Store is called Tux to be You."
Everyone chose to laugh. Even Vivian.
"The owners of our stores here have a very smart sense of humor." She was speaking of herself. Vivian and her Man owned both stores side by side. "It draws people in."
"So that's why this place is called Gown South?" Tara brightens up, "I thought it was just because we're in Florida. As far South as we can get."
As Cryssa shuffles toward the dressing room she stops cold as she notices three men her age in the Tuxedo store. It was obvious they were looking for their own Prom Tux's. All three were drop dead studs. With a loud whistle her friends look on their own. Jaws dropped at the sight. Her shrill whistle so loud that the guys heard her as well.
Immediate flirting began. Cryssa was all winks and blown kisses. Two of the three guys returned the favor.
Britney still searching for the perfect dress rolled her eyes at Vivian, "Ignore her. She's just being Filly."
"Don't you mean silly?"
"Nope. Filipino. Filly."
"Ohhh! That's cute. I was going to suggest the black version of her dress. With the exception of the spaghetti straps that accent the shoulders. If you're worried about your dates family you could wear a shawl. When you're around them just pull it together over your cleavage."
"Black shawl?"
"Of course." Vivian procures the dress in question and removes the plastic covering, "Here! Try it on."
"Me likey." After fives seconds of examination Brit follows Cryssa toward the changing rooms. Which were merely separate stalls with curtains to pull when changing. Before long Tara and Sophia occupied the final two of four stalls. Dawn indecisive chose to be supportive toward Nancy.
Outside in the parking lot Rita Foxx took her final drag on her cigarette and stepped on it to put it out. On her cellphone she had been talking to her employer a known Escort service about potential clients. She needed a few more days to spend with her kids and figure out her new life now that husband Keith was essential claiming another man's wife as his. Sharing was not what she necessarily wanted but at the same time she did love her husband. For now this was for the kids. Hanging up she starts to stroll toward Gown South when her cell rings again. Speak of the Devil.
"Break away from the cast of Witness?" She mocks Keith over the similarities of the Amish community Harrison Ford hid out with in the movie.
"Can it Rita. I just dropped Mary and Grace off at the fabric store. Why Mary insists on making Grace's prom dress I'll never know. Soon as I get them home I told Jonah and Zeke I'd help them find Tuxedos. I'm shocked their families are being so open to the mixed communities."
"What about Lance?"
"Left him at the farm. You won't believe what he's wearing. Our son got all dressed up in a shirt and tie. He's really intent on getting that girl he and the boys met. Permission appears to be a priority to prove himself. Same for Styles and Evan. Both are looking like catalog models. Our brats are growing up."
"With the way our entire family has turned into whores? I wouldn't go that far. Impressions are only to get them laid. You know that."
"Ah well. As long as they have fun. They graduate here soon so we might as well spoil them."
"With my money Mister Unemployed."
"Yeah, yeah Miss leave me to raise our kids while you..."
"Alright already, point made. I'm a lousy mother. Mister Dad with a wife and a mistress."
"We can bicker forever but you know you love me."
"Sorely tested but yes I do. Keith? How are we going to honestly make this work? We both know Mary's husband will come home at some point. She's already stressing over her son Daniel being taken away from her."
"She's coping. Day at a time Rita. I know Isaiah will screw this up and make things easier on her getting custody of Daniel."
"Can you honestly tell me you want to raise another child now that your adventurous lifestyle has evolved?"
"If it means keeping Mary...yep."
"Wow! I wish you would fight for me harder."
"You're not going anywhere and you know it."
"So sure of yourself aren't you?"
"What other husband is gonna let you fuck other men and party with the big dogs? I'm your home away from home."
She absorbs his assessment and stops to lean on an awning pylon. Looking over her shoulder at the dress store window she spots Nancy and Dawn exploring gowns with a beautiful employee. The other girls were long gone. At the far end of the storefront two men obviously from the Tuxedo shop next door were captivated by something going on inside. Rita frowned knowing exactly the cause. The reaction between the men was pure adrenalin and awe.
"I think I'm needed. Call you later?"
She hangs up on Keith's approval and slowly moves behind the men. They were so involved by the going on inside that they didn't even notice Rita's reflection in the glass. Sure enough there was Britney and Cryssa both changing out of their clothing and into a prom gown. Curtains wide open. Zero underwear on either girl. In came Tara noticing the men and waving at them. Sophia next until the girls found their own changing room. With one room obstructed by a rotating hangar setup Sophia joined Tara in her room. That meant two gorgeous girls up close and personal. Again curtain open and the girls flaunting what they had hidden away. Cryssa noticing finally took her time trying on the dress to lift a tit and lick her nipple at the onlookers.
Rita smirked at the girls exhibitionist traits. It amazed her just how much her daughter Britney was taking after her. Back when Rita was Brit's age she was terrorizing young men with her perfect body. Here she was expressing her abundant sexuality right out in plain view. Any other Mom might be crying up a storm. Rita? She couldn't be more proud. These young bucks watching her and her beautiful friends were beyond stimulated. In the reflection Rita could see the twenty somethings rubbing obvious erections held in restraint behind snug jeans. Listening to their hopefulness at seeing more of Tara and Sophia. Their desire to have sex with any or all four of the lovely girls. So obsessed with the four they noted Britney literally dropping her gown to face the men. One hand rubs her clit while the other flutters her hello. The boys waved back sighing. Looking around the store to spot Vivian the greeter busy with Nancy and Dawn Brit crept from her changing stall and streaked across the showroom. Cryssa not to be upstaged followed. Tara and Sophia still getting undressed were stragglers. Reaching the window both Britney and Cryssa giggle and climb up next to the mannequins and press their breasts against the glass. Reeling the men in with coaxing index fingers the boys literally caved and placed their open mouths around their nipples with the glass between them. Laughing quietly the girls had to make room now for Sophia and Tara. The guys were losing their minds at four naked cuties strutting their stuff and teasing them. This was better than any strip club they had ever been to.
The men chuckled looking at each other hesitant to do what both really wanted, which was pull their cocks out and jerk off teasing the girls in return. Looking around for safety they find Rita leaning with her arms folded. In panic mode both boys started to bolt when Rita put her hands up.
"Whoa! Don't stop now. I won't tell on you. I'm enjoying this as much as you are."
"Seriously?" One man admire Rita's perky nipples through her tight yellow t-shirt.
"Give them what they want." She beguiles them with perfect teeth and motioning hands. The girls were amazed at Rita's encouragement. All of Brit's friends promptly said, "Your Mom is so cool."
Brit had to agree. Here was her Mom guiding the men back toward the window and literally patting their crotches.
"Let them have it." Rita grinned between the men. Her hands digging toward two separate zippers. The men were now just as equally invested in Rita. Letting the men drag out their own beasts Rita sighed, "Big boys you are." They stroked them to life right before all of the ladies. Thankfully the store was slow this early in the morning. The small outlet of the two adjoined stores parking lot only had seven cars. The men's store by far the busiest.
"Dude I can't believe we're doing this. Fucking nuts." The man named Tony chuckled nervously.
"I know." His friend Grant eyed Rita darting his gaze between his own cock to Rita then to the girls behind the glass. Rita catching on that Grant was just as mesmerized by Rita herself winked at him before moving behind him. Tempting fingers ease around his waist to replace his hand in jerking him off.
"Aren't they beautiful?" Rita whispers up at him.
Grant trembled at her voice and hand job. Tony grew jealous. Grant could barely speak, "Hell yes they are. So are you."
"Awww! That's sweet." Rita moves between he and Tony and reaches out now to grasp both cocks stimulating them. The girls were blown away and looking for their own safety in between watching. The Men were as rock hard as they could get. Purple and screaming for attention. "There! Now scooch on up to that glass and let them have it." She slips back behind them patting their asses to take the risk. Shuffling forward they stroked their cocks while touching their crowns directly into the window. Tara and Sophia knelt in front of Tony. Brit and Cryssa in front of Grant. Faces cheek to cheek the four girls lapped their tongue over the impressions in the window. The Men groaned imagining these hotties fighting to suck their cocks. Seconds of awe later they shoot their loads on to the glass. Watching the cum spatter and slowly streak down the pane. All of the girls showed off trying to lick the cum as if wrestling over droplets.
"That was fucking amazing." Tony shook uncontrollably.
Grant concurred wagging his cock on the glass for Brit's tongue. It was easy to see he wanted Britney the most. "Living on the wild side." Grant chuckled looking over his shoulder for Rita. Where did she go? Hearing the banging of a palm on metal they discover Rita across the lot getting their attention. Zipping up they gather their Tuxedos which were dropped to the sidewalk and glanced again at Rita. Rita coaxing them with her own finger turned facing her back to them. Hands sinking beneath the waistband of her black leggings peeled them down seductively over her bare bottom. Zero panties they could see her pussy as she touched her toes.
"Holy fuck." Tony looked at Grant. Both men raced out to meet Rita tossing their Tuxes into the truck bed to rub her ass.
"My turn." She softly licked her lips at them over her shoulder. Suddenly neither Tony or Grant cared who saw them. Their jeans came down in record time. Tony fucked Rita from behind while Rita moved Grant in front of her to suck his cock. This day was not so boring after all.
Inside the store the girls hurried back to try their dresses on. The giggles of getting away with that little adventure was contagious. Brit admired her Mother more and more.
Back at the boonies...near Braxton, Florida.
"Thanks for bringing me out to Abigail's farm Zeke. These trees I'd get lost for sure."
Lance Foxx dressed for success followed his new Mennonite friend along a twig laden path. Every step was a snapping sound.
"Tell me of Cryssa. As you know she asked me to be her Prom date."
"You've let me know five times now Z. Cryssa is Filipino, I'm sure she's told you that too."
"Aye! She be quite fetching."
"Throw one of these sticks I bet she brings it back on all fours and wags her ass at you."
"She would do this?" Zeke stops cold with a puzzled but excited glint in his eyes.
"Dude that girl will fuck your suspenders off. Hell use those things to tie her up." He snaps a suspender over his chest chuckling.
"I will lose my virginity?"
"Guaranteed. Trust me Z. Cryssa is sexy as hell."
"You have had coitus?"
"Coitus? Ohhh sex. I learned that term from Sheldon on Big Bang." He ribs Zeke, "Maybe." He winks keeping any truth to himself, "Seen her naked lots of times. She can't keep her clothes on."
"This be very exciting."
"Yeah? Well just don't drop your drawers and whip it out on me. How much further to Abigail's?"
"Beyond those trees there. Will you be going to be fitted for a tuxedo with your Father? He be taking Jonah and I."
"Need to be sure she's really going to go with me."
"Did Abigail not tell you that you need not ask her Father's permission?"
"I know she said that but I feel like I need to impress her parents."
"Her Father Morris is quite grumpy. We trespass on his land. Have you not seen the signs?"
"You're trespassing too."
"Aye! I go no further. Good luck. I will mark your way back by standing sticks up in the middle of the path."
"Thanks Z I owe you."
Ezekiel took his leave. Hugging his bookbag to hold flowers Lance removed the roses carefully. He had picked them from a neighbors flower bed uncaring of what they thought about their loss. He was cheap. Can't get much cheaper. The flowers nor he. Setting the bag on the path he marched straight through the trees and stepped out into a clearing. Spotting a single level cabin he took a deep breath and became a man. Outside of chickens a single horse and a cow there wasn't much to offer. Oh, wait there was a goat. It was obvious they were fairly poor. Clothing on a clothes line billowed in the breeze.
"You can do this. You can do this. Please don't shoot the trespasser. Please don't shoot the trespasser." He chanted under his breath. Reaching the house he heard singing. Mesmerized by the angelic voice he hesitated going to the door. Creeping around the corner of the house he followed the voice like a siren calling him. Realizing it was coming from an opened window he dares to take the risk of peeking inside. He had hoped to see Abigail. What he found was another woman. Eyes bulging he notes this was an older lady with the same long hair as Abigail. She had just bathed and was getting ready to get dressed. Her body was incredible. It had to be Abigail's mother. Unless there was a much older sister. No he recalled Jonah saying Abby was an only child. Definitely Mother Friese. Yep! Wedding band. He couldn't stop looking at her as she rubbed lotion on her long silky legs. Then her firm tummy and large still perky breasts. His mouth was watering. Standing up she bent over to roll lotion on her ass, prying her cheeks apart to lotion even between her butt crack. In doing so her anal pucker drew his attention. So tiny and inviting. Her labia breathing at her separated cheeks. Growling he found himself rubbing his crotch. Reality sank in quickly as he heard a goat directly behind him. A male goat at that. A very agitated male goat.
"Nice tin can eater. Don't you look at me like that." The goat instantly charged him. Holding his tongue to avoid detection he turned to run. The goat jabbed him with short dull horns directly in the ass. That was when he dropped the roses and cried out, "FUCK YOU GOAT!"
Hearing this Mother Friese bulged her eyes and covered herself before ducking her head out the screen less window. She saw the goat charging a second time and nailing Lance's hip tearing his pants. Seeing roses the goat stopped to have lunch. Mother Friese found it amusing and couldn't stop laughing. Looking back horrified Lance spotted her leaning out the window holding fingers to her lips.
"You must be Abigail's young suiter. I will let her know you are here. Be wary of Hans, he can be quite territorial. Much like my husband Morris. Go to the front door and await Abigail."
Waving with a nasally whine he felt like kicking the goat. Taking the risk of snatching up a single rose Lance darted away leaving Hans to the leftovers. Feeling safer on the wood porch Lance stood terrified of the immediate future. His ass and hip were bruised. He was thankful for dull horns.
Hearing the front door unbolt he turns expecting Abigail. Instead he found a short thin bearded man wearing a brimmed hat. Lance felt his heart shrink. He had a gun. A shotgun at that. Pointing it at the ground the man spat on the porch planks.
"Did you not read the No Trespassing signs?" He grumbled.
"Forgive me Mister Freeze. I mean Friese. Sorry I like Batman. I-is Abigail here?"
"I am." Abigail slips into the doorway patting her Father's shoulder. It was obvious that Abigail had also taken a bath recently. Her hair was still wet. Thoughts of the pond stimulated him. His little Mermaid. "Hello Lance Foxx. Did Hans harm you?"
He looks at his hip wincing. "I don't think I'm bleeding out. Your guard dog caught me by surprise."
She giggled as Morris hovered without expression. Studying Lance he didn't respect a man that didn't follow rules.
"I didn't know any other way to be honorable toward your family so I took the risk of coming here. I..." He lifts the single rose grimacing, "I had 11 more but Hans ate them." He doesn't move closer merely extending the rose for Abigail to claim. In doing so a thorn pricks his thumb. "Ow! There's the bleeding out. I should have snipped the thorns I was in a hurry."
Mother Friese nudges Morris aside and steps out on to the porch in her dress. Her hair pinned back. "Morris? Put the gun away. Abigail? Put your rose in a vase I will attend your caller." Morris grumbles and retreats. Abigail smiles sheepishly and winks before heading into the house. "I am Abigail's Mother, Penelope. You may call me Penny." She reaches closer obtaining his bleeding thumb. With tenderness she lifts it to her lips to suck the blood from his wound. His eyes popped out of his head. Her big blue eyes were stealing his soul. She sucked on his thumb a bit longer before winking and releasing his hand. "There! All better?"
"I might have a cut on my..." He bites his tongue starting to look at his ass over his shoulder.
"Do I need to take a look at it?" She whispers somewhat flirtatiously.
"Sure!" His eyes still bulge as her bright blue eyes lower to his crotch.
"My! Your eyes are not the only thing bulging this day." She looks behind her for safety before whispering, "I knew you were looking at me through the window. It is called a mirror."
"Shit! Sorry."
"Did you like what you witnessed?"
He swallows dramatically, "Bulging eyes don't lie."
"Abigail tells me you went swimming with her. We hide nothing from one another. Merely from Morris."
"I love Mennonites." He grins.
"Be careful what you say around My husband. Abigail may be your date."
"Can I take you to the Prom too?" He chuckles.
"You are indeed the charmer as Abigail has spoken of. If only I could." She bats her lashes as Abigail returns to join them. Acknowledging her return Penny excuses herself. She palms her Daughter's shoulder and whispers something into her ear that makes Abby blush. Going inside Penny seals the door behind her.
"What did your Mom just say?"
"She told me I should check your backside for open wounds." She giggles and continues her blushing.
"I like your Mom."
"Did you enjoy watching her rub lotion on her body?"
"Fuck! You know too?"
"I am not offended. I will be ready to go with you to Prom. Nothing fancy. I have no money to purchase a Prom dress."
"I'll squeeze the money from somewhere. I want you to look like a Disney Princess."
"You would do this?"
"Hell yes. I really like you Abigail."
"I think you really like my Mother as well." She giggles pointing at his crotch as her Mother had.
"You two notice that an awful lot."
"Like Mother, like daughter."
"I like both." He challenges her swagger.
"We shall see. Did you still wish to ask my Father's permission?"
"Should I?"
"No." She giggles, "He appears grumpy and stern but he is easily persuaded. How will you know my dress size?"
"You're the size of my sister's friend Tara. I'll ask her and hopefully get it right. What's your favorite color?"
"I favor blue as my eyes. As my Mother's eyes."
"Trying to drown me?"
"If I were it would have been when we were skinny dipping. Thank you for my rose. See you in a week?"
"I'll have my Dad pick you up. My Mom can bring me to get your dress to you." He steps away holding his bruised backside. On the bottom step her turns, "Hey! II think the school is looking for chaperones. Maybe your Mom might be interested. To keep an eye on us." He sticks his tongue out at her.
"She would watch us...very closely." She returns the favor.
"Counting on that." He marched away with confidence. Until Hans chased him to the tree line. Abigail laughed very hard. Penelope did as well peering through the front window caressing her breast while Morris sat in his favorite chair reading the Bible.
"A chaperone you say?" Penny bit her lip pondering the idea. Open windows allowed her opportunities. Morris was half deaf. His hearing aid turned down. It was a good thing. Lance had no idea what he had just arranged.
On his way back down the path he received texts from Styles and Evan. Both had done as he had and convinced the parents of Matilda and Gretchen into allowing their daughters to be their dates. The boys were happy.
Back at Gown South Dress Emporium...
"You look divine in that dress." Vivian York the sole Employee and co-owner this day admired Dawn Lawrence wearing a deep green dress that showed off her curves. A long slit up the side gifted her milky white legs a chance to shine.
"Your cleavage is going to fall out." Nancy Barker joins them trudging along in a dress she herself had shockingly fit into. A red dress with bits of white accenting it.
"You're one to talk Boulder Boobs." Dawn chuckles, "Or should I saw Bolger Boobs?"
"Funny!" Nancy brightens up looking into a mirror, "Wow! The Brothers are going to die when they see me in this." She turns to Vivian, "I have two Prom dates. Twin brothers."
"Oooo! Aren't we the lucky one. Good job." Vivian lightly claps and shares a thumbs up. That alone helped Nancy overcome her reluctance to find any dress.
"It's really tight over Bonnie and Clydia. You're right I might topple down the mountain side." Nancy chuckles at Dawn.
"Do you think Kimber will like my dress?" Dawn was indecisive looking at herself in the mirror. Vivian taking an interest in being overly helpful jumped at the chance.
"Why don't I take pictures of you to send your dates for their approval?"
"Good idea." Dawn looked at Nancy for an agreeable shrug. Dawn points at a chair where her cell sat. Vivian hands it to Dawn allowing her to set up her camera. Three separate shots were taken. Full frontal, entire backside with profile over the shoulder, and a side shot revealing leg.
"You should be a model. You know the poses." Vivian smiled handing the cell back. She then stepped to Nancy claiming her own offered cell in ready. "Say cheese when ready."
"Cheesecake." A full frontal with her chest lifted made her laugh. Another pose as Dawn had from the back she expels, "Cheetos." They were having too much fun. Nancy turned silly for her final pic turning seductively with a finger between puckered lips and a yearning expression. Dawn opted to say "Chester Cheetah." directing the shot.
"You two are adorable." Vivian sighed and shared glances at the photos with the girls. As Dawn and Nancy fired the pics off to their dates Vivian frowned at the absence of the other girls. Stepping away she went to the other set of changing rooms finding only discarded clothing. Worried that they had slipped out she quickly changed her tune realizing how stupid that would be leaving their clothing behind. Moving to the front windows she spots strange white streaks and spots on the showroom window. "What in the world?" Concerned she steps out of the store and ventures to the exterior glass for closer inspection. Eyes widen as she considers the possibilities. Definitely not birds. Then a loud set of moans caught her attention. Looking behind her further out in the lot she realizes people were bolding fucking.
"Oh my goodness." She watches cautiously to be certain nobody was going to be distressed by the public display. Vivian couldn't resist an extended look seeing Rita being held up against a truck fender well being pounded by a handsome male bottom. Another man literally standing in the bed of the truck standing over her head jerking off. Vivian couldn't move. Terrified of her Husband who ran the Tuxedo shop seeing and dialing the local police she inched next door to peer into the window. She spotted her Husband behind the counter dealing with a customer while three other men stood near the changing rooms. The expressions on their faces seemed awfully evident that they were in the throes of ecstasy. She could only see their upper bodies which led to suspicion. Moving to the furthest advantage of the Tux store windows she found her missing girls. All of them were on their knees wearing Prom dresses. Tits hanging out with the zippers in back clear down to their asses. Sophia sucking one man. Tara another. Brit and Cryssa sharing the third.
"Sweet Lord in Heaven." Vivian held one palm to her mouth the other to her chest. Glancing about nervously Vivian realized there were no real opposing factors to discover their deeds. Considering putting an end to things she paced in a circle hearing Rita having another screaming orgasm hen noticing the Man on the truck bed peppering cum into her dangled back head. A beautiful facial for certain.
Seeing the man at the counter gathering his bag Vivian knew he might catch everyone. Entering the store door Vivian intercepts the Man. Rambling about possibly knowing him the guy lingered. Vivian's own hotness kept his attention. Her husband curious leaned on the counter watching. He notes his wife's nipples protruding through her dress and cocks an eyebrow. What was this? Was she interested in this younger man? Surely not. Jared York knew he had her hook line and sinker. He was a buff clean cut man as handsome as any chiseled male model. No way was Vivian interested in this man.
With the girls getting mouth loads right and left Jared heard the three guys gruffly snarl at their unloaded monsters. Leaving the counter to investigate Vivian panicked and abandoned the man who took the time to leave quickly. Vivian headed Jared off at the pass pushing him against the wall kissing him hard on the mouth. Her own hand grasping the contours of his tented slacks. His eyes erupted with a pleasant surprise. As they kissed he found his own hands clutching his wife's ass. Hearing shuffling noises Jared opens his eyes again to see a procession of four young ladies zipped up properly parading right by them. Patting her shoulder to break up the kiss Jared narrows his eyes. Cryssa turned winking at Jared. Cum all over her face. Jared huffed at Vivian. The three men having already been sized waved at Jared saying they'd be back in a week to get their duds.
"What just happened?" Jared choked trying not to laugh.
Vivian melted suddenly and knelt in front of him. Unzipping his fly and dragging her Husband's lengthy cock out she whispers, "This." Vivian York devoured her husband. He let her.
Out in the parking lot the three leaving men observe the earlier fourth man examining his truck for a sticky substance on the sides of his pickup. Literally drawing wet fingers to his nose and grimacing. The three amigos laughed knowing that Rita was on her hands and knees just two cars over getting it doggy style by Tony. She used their tuxedos as padding on the asphalt. Fucking insane the guys just stood and watched. Rita merely waved at them. They waved back. Grant sat in his car laughing.
Inside the store the girls make final choices and await Vivian. They marveled over the texting replies offered by Dawn's date Kimber and Nancy's double trouble the Bolger Boys. Nancy dared to show off the pictures of both brothers showing her their excited cocks. The girls called her, "Lucky bitch." Maybe she was. She needed the booth in esteem.
An hour later Rita Foxx fully dressed entered the store extending arms at her side. "Why are we taking all day?"
Britney strutted toward her Mom and tared at her with a grin. "When was the last time I told you I loved you?"
Taken back Rita poises both brows, "It has been awhile."
All of the girls suddenly smothered Rita with hugs like a huddle at a football game. Rita couldn't stop smiling. Seeing Nancy alone not knowing how to react Rita growls, "Get in here." Nancy crushed Cryssa along the way. It was an even better day.
Vivian finally stepped back into her store through the adjoining entry looking a bit frazzled. The girls smiled brightly acting like perfect angels suddenly.
"Sorry Ladies. Final decisions?" Each brought their dresses to the counter watching Vivian blush. "No alterations needed?" None said a word merely shaking their heads. Also frazzled Jared drifted on to the scene joining Vivian behind the counter to help bagging the dresses in their outer protective plastic. She coyly smiled at her Husband. Love evident.
Rita starts to open her checkbook when Britney stops her. Lifting her own purse she drags out a roll of hundred dollar bills. Stunned Rita winces keeping her mouth shut. The total for six dresses bled into $900. She had money left to buy lunch. Worried by this Rita turned and walked out. The girls giddily joined her stopping at the door as a group to leer back at the couple.
"Happy Anniversary."
Brit turned the Open sign to Closed on the door and shut it behind her. Outside she points at the Tuxedo shop door suggesting the same move. A jingle heard they knew she had done just that.
Jared York had his slacks down before the girls even headed to the Gown South front door. Vivian's dress was unzipped and the skirt up as the door closed. Her panties to her ankles at the chime of the next door bell. His dick inside his wife from behind going to town as they observed the girls getting into their cars.
Both were naked on the floor of Gown South right dead center within ten minutes. The love making was grand.
Happy Anniversary indeed.