As I have shared in the past I am an exhibitionist at heart. I am too the point that it is actually an addiction that I probably should seek therapy for but for now I am going to just accept it as part of my life and if it ever begins to impact my life negatively I can address it then. For now I am going to continue to indulge it and one way that I have been able to continue to enjoy my exhibitionist ways is to share it on Literotica. This was not my idea actually but was my fiancé's idea as he is quite aware of my obsession and very supportive of it. He himself has enjoyed my addiction on many occasions and I look forward to sharing how I found my soul mate and how he has come to love me for who I am. For now I want to continue to share my past and continue to share my college years.
I shared a story of how my roommates Becky and Joy were very supportive and welcoming of my exhibitionist ways. At first I was not entirely certain that they would be entirely supportive but little by little I was reassured that they loved me for who I am and that they might not exactly indulge in my lifestyle on a daily basis they were not oppose to the idea either. Especially when alcohol was involved.
One thing about being an exhibitionist is that I never want clothes on. Now the problem with this is that you can't exactly get away with that all the time. Also I found that I don't enjoy exposing myself that much if I am doing it so overtly that you just become a nude person. That is hard to explain but I like the idea of the tease, the forbidden glimpse, or at least exposing yourself in a way that is not expected or bold.
When I am looking to expose myself in daily life I want it to be coy. But let's say you are on a nude beach where everyone is nude. This does nothing for me just being there with everyone else. So I have to elevate the experience by lying on my stomach with my legs spread so you can see my pussy from behind. Sitting in a short beach chair leaning back with my legs spread so my pussy is completely exposed but just acting nonchalant as I read a magazine as if I am just sitting in the most comfortable way possible without a thought about how I might be exposing myself. Or my all-time favorite, lying on my side with my head propped up on my elbow. One leg pulled up a bit closer to my chest the other one to help expose my pussy better from behind. Then slightly put my back in a slight arch so my lips are exposed further.
As I lie there like this on the beach reading and relaxing I rest one arm on my hip with wrist dangling down a little to my behind. I very lightly and absent mindedly pet my pussy lips from behind. Nothing overtly sexual. No penetrating or spreading my lips at all. Just lightly feeling how smooth they are. Of course I know that the guy on the beach about 20ft. from me is watching. But I don't let him know that I know. I have many beach stories to share. I will do that in another story because right now I want to share about how the first time my exposing myself lead to me fucking my victim.
Ok, back to wanting to be nude all the time. As I shared before I was blessed with a very nice body. I am about 5'6" tall and weighed about 110 in my first years of college. I gained some weight and left college a bit curvy at 130lbs and it was at that time that I vowed I will never let myself get out of shape again. I am now turning 29 on the 4th of July and I weigh typically between 118-120lbs. I work out almost daily to keep my body and weight right where I want it to be by running, doing yoga, and some weight training. I am not bulky at all but I am very toned and have a very nice tight firm ass that is not exactly curvy but does fill out my True Religions very nicely. I have blonde hair that comes down to my shoulder blades that I like to wear up in a ponytail most of the time unless I am working out.
One very special thing about my body, well I think it is very special and for my exhibitionist side it is very important is that my pussy is very visible from behind. My legs are toned of course and there is a nice gab between my thighs which makes it very easy to see my pussy from behind when I am laying down on my stomach. Even when I have my legs together and I am laying down you can easily see my pussy lips between my legs and ass cheeks. If I arch my back even the slightest they become very clearly visible from behind. I LOVE THIS!
I did not know my pussy was so visible from behind until an old boyfriend said something and then we took a bunch of pictures of me in various stages or bending and arching and lying down. I now have a completely perfect mental image of how my pussy is exposed depending on how I am laying or bending. This is very important for the games I like to play. Remember that little visual I gave about the beach and lying on my side playing with my lips? Now you know why that works so well and why I love it so much! I know, all this detail and you are probably getting antsy wanting me to get to the good stuff so here we go.
As I said I want to be nude all the time but that just does not work out well. So what I do now is that I am always in one of 3 types of outfits when it is in the evening now around my house. I am either in just a silk robe if I am going to shower or it is in the morning, in a pair of loose fitting shorts and a wife beater that you can clearly see the outlines of my nipples through or I am in an oversized t-shirt with nothing on under it. Oh, I NEVER WEAR PANTIES. The only time I wear them is if I am wearing a pair of jeans that are just too rough or that damn seam that runs through the crotch is sewn weird and it pokes up against my lips uncomfortably. Then I wear a thong. If I am on my period it is the same. Oh well, if you are one of my victims and you see a string what can I say? You also got to see a hot pussy too so suck it up. Thanks to the Mirena I don't have that problem anymore so it is no longer a concern. Back in college I was either in the wife beater shorts combo or the large T-Shirt. The large T-Shirt actually started in college when Becky's boyfriend left one of his T-Shirts in our room. I was just out of the shower and had a towel around my hair and needed to go down the hall to get my blower drying back from Tess who was the biggest pain in the ass prude. Anyway, I saw his shirt there and I grabbed it and pulled it on. It came down to literally just below my ass cheeks. If you had any angle to look at me other than from looking directly down you saw ass cheek from behind and smooth pussy from the front. You did not even have to be below me trying to look you would be able to see. I fell in love with this shirt.
So I had the shirt on and I went down to get the hairdryer from Tess. She opened the door and looked at me and immediately knew what I wanted. Like I said, she is a pill so she just grabbed it said sorry and handed it to me. I don't think she even noticed what I had on. I went back to my room to find out that the door was locked. If anyone has ever lived in a dorm then you know the doors auto lock on you and mine did just that. I know it sounds too cliché for my stories but it is the truth.
Becky and Joy were gone until 3. It was only 10am. I had class at noon. Had to get into the room so I went to the building RA to get a key to get in. Our floor had a female RA but she was not there so I went downstairs to see if the building RA was in. His name was Shane and he was a graduate student making him a few years older than me. Luckily he was in.
Shane was a good looking guy. I was only 19 at this time and he was 24 I think. He was tall about 6'3" and he had played lacrosse for the school providing him with very nice physique. Not real bulky but very toned and defined. Have you ever seen the movie Crazy Stupid Love? He was built similar to Ryan Gosling in that movie.
Now to get to Shane's room was fun in itself. I went down the south stairs and in doing so this meant that I had to walk along the entire length of the hallway of the first floor rooms, then by the community room and on the other side of the lobby was where his room was. It was basically across from the Lobby room but on a slight angle. The first hallway was no big deal. Nobody was even in the hallway which was a bit of a disappointment but as I passed the community room there were a few guys and a girl sitting at a table. I knew one of the guys from class and the girl lived on my floor. As I walked by Kim waived and gave me a funny look. I walked over to the table she was at and did the hands out palms up thing you do where you hunch your shoulders up to say "I don't know" and said "I locked myself out of my room".
Now I was not even thinking about what I had just done. It was completely unplanned and for me it was such a turn on because of that very fact. I had no idea that in the process of raising my shoulders I had actually raised the bottom of the shirt up a good 2-3 inches. As I said the shirt barely covered my ass and pussy so when this happened my pussy was exposed to them ever so briefly and I realized what I had just done when the guy I did not know to her right got this surprised look on his face. Ever see those movies when a guy sees a pair of tits and he is frozen still? Yeah, that happened to him. Kim noticed too and she actually had a look of shock on her face almost like she was scared for me. Once I saw their faces I knew that I had just showed them my fresh out of the shower baby smooth pussy.
"I went to get my hair dryer from Tess" I said holding it up to show them, "and locked myself out of the room. Becky and Joy won't be back until this afternoon so I am going to see if Shane can let me in."
Kim just looked confused and said "Oh". Paralyzed guy was still paralyzed and the guy I knew from class who, had his back to me, just kept reading his Economics book and never looked up.
"Catch you guys later." I spun around knowing my shirt would rise a little bit and started to walk away when I heard footsteps coming up from behind me.
"Jessie! Wait." Kim said as she caught up to me.
I stopped and she came around in front of me and got close to tell me something in confidence. I had been walking away from them so my back was to the table with shocked guy and the geek as she talked to me.
"Jessie I don't want to embarrass you but when you walked over to us your shirt rose up and we could see you did not have anything on underneath your shirt."
Trying to act a bit surprised I said, "Oh boy. How obvious was it? Do you think anyone else saw?"
"It was quick but it was pretty obvious. I don't know if Jeff [paralyzed guy] saw or not but he was looking at you when you walked up so he might have. I know you got locked out but you have to be more careful. Do you want my hoody to wrap around your waist until you get back in your room?"
I ignored her offer and I leaned in a bit closer to her "How much did you see?"
She looked very concerned and said, "Basically everything. I am sorry it was really quick though so Jeff probably did not even notice. Do you want my jacket?"
I leaned in real close to her and said "Oh my god I just shaved too. How embarrassing." Then I put my arms around her neck and gave her a hug and said "Thank you so much for telling me. I hope you were not offended."
In hugging her I knew right then and there that my shirt rose up a good 3-4 inches exposing my ass to Jeff while I hugged her for a good 5 seconds or so. Hopefully he was able to get a peek at my lips too but we were a good 20ft away so he might not have been able to see. Either way I knew he was seeing my ass now. When I let go I gave her kiss on the cheek and said thanks and walked away. I am not sure if it was the fact that I told her I just shaved my pussy or the fact that I kissed her that left that look of confusion on her face. Either way it was awesome.
As I walked past the lobby there was unfortunately nobody in there to see my sexy legs as I walked by so I knocked on Shane's door. He answered as soon as my knuckles hit the door to knock which shocked the shit out of me. Shocked him too. He was just leaving to work out and was in a T-Shirt and a pair of work out pants all the guys wear. He had his gym bag with him.
"Hey there, I am Jessie and I am on the third floor and I got locked out. Our RA is not up there is there a chance you could let me into my room?"
"Yeah I was just leaving so no problem. I'm Shane by the way. Looks like you found me just in time or you would have been locked out for a while in your cute dress you have on there."
"Oh you like my dress do you? I just got it from the pickup shop on our dorm's floor. It even came with a nice smell of men's cologne on it!" Picking right up on your flirting there Mr. Shane!
We stared walking down the hall and I did not turn towards the elevators near the lobby and neither did he. I don't know if he was just following me or he intentionally wanted to see me go the upstairs but I knew the stairs were going to be fun so I did not say anything.
As we walked by the community room I made a quick glance to Jeff and just gave him a knowing wink and went on my way talking to Shane. Once we got in the stairwell I started up the stairs in front of him full well knowing he was going to be able to completely see my ass and all of my pussy. But I did not want to sell the farm that fast. Besides, I kind of liked this guy and it was the first time I had that feeling since I got to college. I am very picky and I like to play around but it takes a certain kind of guy to get my full attention.
I started up the stairs with him behind me when about 4 steps up I hit the brakes and grabbed my shirt pulling it down over my ass. Now I knew I had gone up far enough to give him a quick look. I also know that with my short shirt, the angle he was at, and the fact my pussy likes to peek out like it does I know he got an eyeful. A really good eyeful. But I like to be coy remember?
"Whoa mister! Man you almost had me there!" Acting a bit surprised I caught him.
"Hey ladies first. I am a gentleman you know."
"Well I appreciate your chivalry but I think that was quite enough peekaboo time for you today Sir Galliant." Waving him on to go ahead of me up the rest of the stairs.
"Me Peek? Now would a nice RA like me stoop so low as to take a peek of an undergraduate while she was in such dire needs? I am insulted by your insinuation." He said it in such a fun mocking tone.
"My dire needs are soon to be over with and your services will no longer be needed!" I said very playfully.
We got to the room and he unlocked the door. I went inside and put the hair dryer down on the couch and turned around to him to see him grinning at me. "What?" I said.
"You just flash that little ass of yours every chance you get don't you?" he said with his shit eating grin spanning ear to ear.
"Wouldn't you like to know? If my attire offends you I would be glad to put something more appropriate on."
"I think that would be more appropriate if you plan on leaving your room anytime soon. You know I could give you an RA warning for breaking our decency rules." He leaned causally against the door frame folding his arms as he gave me his empty threat and staring at my nipples that were clearly poking through the t-shirt.
"Well I don't need any written warnings sir. Maybe I should just put something more appropriate on." "Maybe you should."
So I turned my back to him and peeled the shirt right off in front of him baring my backside completely to him and walked away into my bedroom area giving him a wonderful look at my naked ass and what I am sure resulted in some very nice side boob. Now I could not see his face but boy did I want to. I played it cool and went right into my room and grabbed a pair of shorts that were on the floor. Yes I did a nice little bend with my ass out but not too obnoxiously as I did it really quick. I pulled them on and then turned to go to my dresser to get a tank which of course gave him a nice side view of my naked torso.
While I was getting my tank top out I heard the door close and I thought he had left. But then I heard the distinct sound of him sitting down on the couch. I could not see the couch from where I was standing as it was out my door and to the left but he definitely sat down as our old imitation leather couch that overcrowded our tiny living room area. So I took my tank, it was a light pink one not a wife beater, and put my arms through the holes but did not pull it all the way on yet. As I walked out of the room I pulled the tank over my head timing it perfectly so that as I made the turn to the left into the living room area my arms were up over my head and my bare breasts were completely exposed and in perfect view as I entered the room and turned the corner to faced him. I then finished pulling my tank down over my breasts and asked "Is this more appropriate for our dorm sir?"
He did not answer me he just smiled and patted the couch next to him basically calling me over.
"I thought you were going to go work out." I asked.
"I was but I have been very effectively distracted."
"You have? And how might that have happened" I said as I sat down on the far end of the couch.
"Well I think we both know but if you want me to play along I can."
I liked how straight forward he was being and so confident too. Now mind you I have teased at least 50 different guys in my young life so far. From both my brothers, to a teacher or two in high school, to guy friends and even guys who turned out to be my boyfriends but I rarely was ever attracted to them in the process. It was all about my obsession and how it made me feel. But Shane, he was having a completely different effect on me. I was seriously attracted to this guy. So I figured why not see where it goes.
"Did you like what you saw?"
"Of course I did. I liked it very much."
"What did you see?"
"I think you know what I saw my little tease."
"Ooh so now you own me? I am yours because you saw my tits?"
"No sunshine I am quite certain no man will ever own the likes of you. But at the moment you are in my company and the way you are looking at me tells me that I have a bit of claim in your ownership at this very moment. Let's also not forget that I also saw your ass and for very brief second I saw a lot more than that as you started up the stairs."
Bingo! He did see my pussy. Man that just sent me over the edge. Just hearing him talk about it so confidently and acknowledging what he saw completely made my clitoris tingle. Girls know what I am talking about when you get a little shiver and you can actually feel it right to the tip of your clit? Well that shiver rattled over my body. All the exposing and now this I was hornier than I had been in a very long time. It had also been about 4 months since I last had sex so here I was at a crossroad. Put up or shut up came to mind.
I leaned forward and crawled across the couch real slow and said, "What exactly did you see on the stairs in my moment of confused distress?" By the time I got the sentence out I was straddling him. He leaned forward and tried to kiss me but I balked and dodged to the left. I leaned into real close to his ear and in a very soft and sexy voice said, "Tell me exactly what you saw. Say the words." I was so horny I had to hear him say it. "I saw your pussy lips on the stairs."
Damn the way he said 'Pussy Lips' not just pussy totally turned me on. That is the way I would say it. You see a pussy from the front but you see the lips from behind or if she is spreading her legs you see the lips. I loved the way he said it. I move my leg between his legs and moved my thigh against his crotch. "Did you like the way my pussy looked?"
"Yes," he said in an almost trembling voice. I leaned in and licked his lower lip. I could feel his cock under my thigh and if my initial assessment of it was right it was going to be a nice one.
I swung my leg over him again and straddled him. He took his hands and started to slide them up my sides but I stopped him, got up and told him to leave. KIDDING! I did stop him though by grabbing his hands and put them at his side. I then leaned back and looked at him in the eyes and I pulled my tank up over my head and rose up on my knees placing my right nipple on his lips.
He took my nipple in his mouth very gently and worked his tongue around my nipple bring it to full attention. I then pulled back and put my left nipple in his mouth and he gave that one the same gentle bath as he did the first. I had to have him. I was so horny now there was no turning back. Looking back I was not even thinking anymore at this point. My tease was over. I wanted him. Had to have him. Turning back was no longer an option.
I reached down and pulled his shirt up over his head then I slid down off of his lap and down on the floor in front of him. I took his hands and made him stand up in front of me. I have this thing where I like to take a guy's pants off, especially for the first time, with them standing in front of me. I like to pull the waistband down slowly forcing his cock downward and bringing the topside of his cock into view one inch at a time. If he is already hard this is especially fun because you get to enjoy the view as it springs free. If he is soft it is also fun to see how it hangs over his balls and how thick it looks when it is soft.
This time was no exception and I slowly worked his pants down over his hard on. The base came into view and I slowly worked it down inch by inch. Man he is thick was the first thing I thought. But the farther I went down the more I realized that he had a huge cock. When it came free I was literally surprised by his size.
Now I know in erotic stories the guy always has the biggest dick since Johnny Holmes but that is not the case in real life now is it girls? I have had intercourse with plenty of men, made out with a bunch, been naked around a bunch, nude beaches, etc and I have only had 1 other partner that compared to his size. Most men are average; per the very definition of average. Every now and then you get a guy over 7 inches but he was 9.5 and thick as a Red Bull can. I know that for a fact because I measured him on a later date and we were comparing him to a Red Bull can so I know.
His cock did not just come out of his pants but it sprung out pointed upright out at a 45 degree angle. I literally looked at him and said, "What the fuck am I going to do with that?" as I reached up and took it in my hand. My fingers did not touch around it. There was about a half inch left between my middle finger and my thumb as I held onto hit. He was so hard and his head was a shade darker from the blood engorged in it as I squeezed his cock in my hand.
I licked the underside of his cock working my way up to his head. Oh what a head. Slightly thicker than his shaft and very nicely shaped. Not all weird mushroom style like some guys. I took his head in my mouth and a few inches of his huge dick. I stroked his cock with my right hand as I sucked in as much of him as I could and I reached down and massaged his balls with my left hand. Man what balls too. They were not huge (had a guy with huge balls latter in life) but good size and real tight and he was shaved real smooth which I really like. He moaned as I continued to suck he cock and began to work the saliva into my hand as it rolled down his shaft. One thing about sucking a big cock is you have no problem getting it nice and lubed up. You can't close your mouth completely so the saliva just rolls on down the cock.
I let go of his balls and began working his shaft with both of my hands and sucking as much of his cock into my mouth as I could. He started to get into the rhythm of it with his hips and I could feel that he was getting close but he was so not ready for that yet.
He pulled his cock from my mouth quickly and then in one quick motion he picked me up off of the ground and playfully tossed me onto the couch. He took his pants off completely and then reached down and grabbed my shorts. I was leaning back on the seat of the couch and I extended my legs up to him and let him pull my shorts off going upwards. This gave him a great view of my pussy as it came into view and my legs squeezing my lips together. He knelt on the ground in front of the couch and pulled my ass closer to the edge. I pushed up on my elbows so I could watch. I did not want to miss the sight of his huge dick going into my tight little pussy. And if you are wondering I do have a tight pussy as I have been told more than once. I have a nice tight pussy with pretty small inner lips and smooth full outer lips. I learned though that I love a good stretch from time to time and I was about to have my first lesson in what being stretched was all about.
His cock was still wet from me sucking him and he rubbed his massive head up and down my little silt. I swear it looked like his head was as big as my whole pussy and I was seriously nervous that he would not get it in. He must have read the look on my face as I watched him work this massive tool up and down my pussy slit as he said "Don't worry I will go slow." While he was saying this I felt the pressure of his massive head pushing against the opening of my pussy.
He had to give it considerable pressure. To the point that I felt myself sliding backwards and I had to push against him to get the leverage to get the head through my hole. Oh my as his head passed through the outer barrier of my pussy hole I swear I could hear a pop in my head as he first entered me. And the burn! I let out a very audible "Holy shit" and put my hand up on his chest holding him there. He stopped and held his position right there letting my pussy relax around his massive cock. He literally only had the head and about an inch in my pussy at this time.
"Oh my god that hurt. Fuck your cock is big." He just smiled at me and looked down at my body. Wow what a hot scene that was. I am on the couch up on my elbows butt naked. My tits are resting perfectly on my chest with a tear drop shape and nipples as hard as I have ever seen him. You go down my tight belly to my baby smooth little pussy and then you see this massive cock literally hanging out of my pussy. My lips looked so stretched around it and the skin around my inner lips where his cock was penetrating me was actually a shade whiter from the pressure.
He started to move and I grabbed his chest and said "Not yet. Fuck it still burns." The top of my slit where the folds meet my clit was literally burning. I was stretched so far that my clit was completely exposed out of it protective hood just waiting to be touched. I licked my fingers and I reached down and I started to rub my clit in small circles slowly at first and then a bit faster. Oh shit it was sensitive and then it happened. Almost as soon as I touched my clit I came. I came so fucking hard it caught me off guard and I actually shuddered hard as the first wave hit me. All I could do was scream "Oh my fucking God!" and I fell back on the couch.
He waited for my convulsions to stop and then I felt him move. I stayed back like this because the angle was much better than the way I was when I was sitting up. He let his cock slide in another few inches literally filling my pussy from side to side and top to bottom. Oh wow I was full. I had never felt anything like that before in my life. The burning sensation had subsided to a good burn now and I was so wet from my orgasm that he was now able to gain some ground on my little pussy. He started to glide in and out of my pussy easily now and he leaned down and licked my hard nipples as he started to build a nice rhythm sliding in and out of me. I could feel his massive cock literally bottom out in me as the pressure of the head could go no farther. I leaned up again as I wanted to see this massive cock that was filling me like I have never been filled before. As he slid all the way in and I could feel him bottom out I was shocked to see that he literally had not gone all the way in. He could not go all the way in. There was about 2-3 inches of his cock still outside of my little pussy and he had already bottomed out! I reached down and put my hand around the base of his cock and jacked his cock off into my pussy with the few inches still left out. Damn he was just that big.
He pulled back out letting his cock slide through my hand and then he started to gains some speed to his rhythm as his cock slid in and out of my pussy and my hand. I let my hand slide up to my pussy so I could feel my lips as he went in and out and my pussy was stretched so far around his cock. As he pulled out I could literally feel my inner lips pull out with him as my pussy grabbed onto his cock and then when he pushed back in I could feel my lips literally get pulled in with his cock.
He really built up a rhythm now and started to really get into it. As any girl will tell you who has been with a big cock is that it hits all of your spots at once. He does not have to work to get an angle to your G-Spot. It just hits everything at once. I relaxed into his rhythm and began to meet his thrusts working my pussy around his cock as he started to really fuck me. I came again as his thickness continued to rub right on my g-spot with every thrust. Unlike before though he did not let up. He fucked me harder right through my orgasm.
Damn he was going deep now. I had to put my hand up again on his stomach to try and limit his depth but it was useless at this point. He was lost in his own world now with one animalistic goal in mind. He continued to fuck me harder and I started to scream with every thrust letting him have my pussy completely. "That's right fuck my little pussy. Give me all of your big cock don't stop. I want all of you."
That did it. "I am going to cum," he yelled and I reached down and grabbed the base of his cock and literally pushed him off me with my other hand with a force I don't think he thought I had in me. I leaned forward and took his massive head, which was covered in my pussy juices, right into my mouth and stroked his cock with both of my hands. That was all he could take as he let his first massive load loose into my mouth. It was not the amount that caught me off guard but the power of it. It literally hit the roof of my mouth and I missed quite a bit of it as it went out of the sides of my mouth because I could not completely close my mouth around his fat cock. I pulled his cock from my mouth and the next load went over my left shoulder so I rose up and let his last two bursts hit my chest and run down my tits. I continued to stroke him as the last few squirts rolled out of his cock. I leaned forward and licked his cock head clean. He leaned back on his heels and let his head fall back completely spent.
What a body he had. So lean and muscular. His cock was still hard and was literally bobbing with every heart beat as it slowly lost it rigidity and fell to the side over his thigh. When he gained his composure he looked up at me and laughed. I had cum on my chest, some in my hair from the second spurt, and of course my chest was covered.
"Want to help me get this off in the shower?"
We showered and took our time getting each other clean. Then Shane left and I crashed in my bed with a very sore pussy that would actually hurt a little when I sat down in class the next day. Yes next day, I skipped my noon class that day. I just could not believe how sore my pussy was. It was really sore near the top of my opening and also at the bottom by my perineum. Almost like it had torn a little bit in those spots but it had only stretched not torn. The feeling did not go away though for over a week but then again the fact that I fucked Shane every night that week probably had something to do with that ;-)