The following story took place my sophomore year of college. Chapter 1 is based on actual events, from there it becomes fiction. It involved my girlfriend at the time, Valerie (Val) and her mom.
-----------------------------
Val and her mother had more of a big sister/little sister relationship. Val was the oldest of three and her mom had her when she was just 19 years old. It was a couple years later before she had Val's brother and then another year until Val's younger sister came along.
Val's dad was about 8 years older than her mom. A nice guy, who made a lot of money but could be emotionally distant. He was very much the wall street, suit and tie, golf on Sundays at the country club type of guy.
Val and I met freshman year of college and had been dating a little over a year. She was not like any girl I had ever met before or since. A dead ringer for Bridgit Fonda, she had a voracious sexual appetite and our kinks matched up perfectly. In fact, the only thing she enjoyed more than taking her own clothes off, was when I took mine off. As a result, we enjoyed many erotic moments together throughout our relationship.
Val's mom knew she was sexually active and in high school made sure she was on birth control, just in case. Val often talked to her mom about her boyfriends and I was no exception.
One night we were in Val's dorm room laying on the bed, watching TV. On this occasion, I happened to be laying naked next to Val, who was dressed in blue jeans and a sweater. She was nonchalantly playing with my cock, just enough to keep me hard but not enough to put me over the edge. Using her left hand she would stroke me with a very light grip upward, grazing my cock, applying the lightest of pressure. Then after it smacked against my stomach she would use her finger to outline the underside my shaft and balls before repeating, over and over. This drove me crazy and all I wanted was for her to squeeze it. It was a game we would play sometimes. One of us would lay naked next to the other and as we watched TV, whoever was naked, would be kept right on the edge during the show and then get a breather during the commercials. We rarely ever made it through an entire show before whoever was being teased was begging for relief. It usually led to the most incredible sex afterward. I was just drifting off into deep subspace when her dorm room phone rang, startling me. Val reached over with her right hand and picked up the reciever. "Hello...oh hi mom."
Val stopped stroking my cock and after laying there for a few moments, I started to get up out of the bed. I figured playtime was over for now and since Val's phone conversations with her mom usually lasted an hour, I might as well get dressed. Before I could get too far Val leaned over and grabbed my still hard cock with her left hand and pulled me back onto the bed. She kept stroking me while she talked to her mom, which put me back into the zone immediately.
After a few minutes I heard Val say to her mom. "We are just laying here watching TV...yeah, Chris and me...Chris is doing good." Then she looked at me and told me her mom said "hi" and I in turn gasped out a "hello Mrs. Daniels." My difficulty in getting that out as Val continued to stroke me amused her.
"Chris said hello...yeah, he is having difficulty speaking at the moment." When Val said that I looked at her surprised. Val continued with her conversation though, ignoring me.
"Why? Well, because he is laying here next to me... naked."
I couldn't believe she said that. I mouthed for her to shut up but Val just broke out in laughter, ignoring me.
She continued "No, I'm serious...Me? No I'm dressed, just Chris is naked...because he is a good boy and does what he's told." Again, Val broke out in laughter as she continued to ignore my protests. Val then gave me a quick little slap to the balls to shut my complaining down as she continued to talk to her mom.
"No, I am serious...he is right here...yes, he is naked. If you don't believe me ask him yourself"
With that she put the phone on speaker and handed it to me. I really didn't know what to say so I stuttered out... "h-h-hello."
Mrs. Daniels gave me the customery "Hello Christopher, how are you dear?"
I told her I was fine and she responded with a giggle and said "that's what I have been told." This got a chuckle out of Val as well, who judging by the smile on her face, was loving every minute of this. Val had now turned on her left side and was facing me and continued to play with my cock with her right hand.
Val chimed up "Tell my mom what we are doing." she said to me, grinning ear to ear.
"Just watching TV, that's all." I replied. I was dying from embarrassment even though Val's mom couldn't see me.
"Go ahead, tell my mother what you are wearing." Val demanded.
I fumbled with my words for a second and thankfully, before I had to say anything coherent, Val's mom saved me.
"Oh, Valerie, leave the poor boy alone." she said. "I need to go anyway, I just called to say hi. Now you kids have fun... but not too much fun." She ended the conversation with an "I love you" to Val and a giggle as she hung up.
I, thankfully had been spared the further embarrassment of telling my girlfriend's mom I was naked but she knew I was.
Right after her mom hung up Val immediately broke into laughter and gave me a huge kiss.
"That was so awesome," she said.
I told her it was embarrassing as hell and I can't believe she did that. Val by now was all over me, pressing her body up against mine and squeezing my erection with all her might. She told me it probably made her mother's night and because I was such a good sport ...she was going to make my night. With that she gave me another kiss and then slid down my body and took me in her mouth. I closed my eyes and I was right back in the zone.