Arrow waved to the crowd. "Hello hello, everyone! I'm Arrow Ace, and this is the fourth challenge of Strip-Off's final season! We're coming up on the end here, folks! Let's see how our contestants are doing!"
The spotlight shone down on all the contestants, who were in various states of undress. Rook and Sam were topless, both of them meekly covering their nipples with their hands. Hina and Maya still had their midriffs covered, while Kyrie and Tanya were in bikinis.
Arrow chuckled. "Well, let's see. Since the previous round was a bit janky and needlessly complicated... I've decided to go with a classic again. It's time for Truth Or Dare 2: Double Dare!"
A bunch of items were wheeled out onto the floor. Dildos, bondage equipment, headphones, lotions, condoms, costumes, voice changers... there were even a few items for which there was no fathomable purpose, like a rubber chicken.
Arrow explained. "Teams will be taking turns picking Truth or Dare. The rest of the players will all agree on a truth or a dare to give them depending on what they pick."
Rook scratched her head. "Wait, we've done this episode already, in a previous season."
Arrow shrugged. "That's right. But, I'm adding in a new rule! You can REFUSE the given truth or dare after hearing it- but in exchange, you must spin this wheel twice, and do both actions simultaneously- a DOUBLE DARE! This game will be in pairs of two, so all of these are doable. The first team to lie or fail a dare loses two clothing pieces, the second team loses one piece, and the third team, ahem, 'gets off', scot-free! No pun intended." Arrow had CLEARLY intended the pun.
The teams were displayed on screen as the Double Dare wheel was pushed out onto the stage. All the dares on the wheel were covered with removable stickers, presumably to be removed when the time came...
Kyrie looked up at the screen. "Let's see... Rook and Sam, me and Hina, and Tanya is with Maya... I guess we should let Rook and Sam win."
Sam was blushing and covering herself shyly. "Uhm... that would be much appreciated, haha..."
Rook nodded. "Yeah, PLEASE just hand us the easy dares... or even better, just 'Truth' all the time."
Arrow nodded. "Hah, well, I guess that means the battle is primarily between the Kyrie/Hina duo and the Tanya/Maya team!"
Maya pumped her fist. "Heck yeah, let's do this! Watch out, Doc...!"
Tanya grinned evilly. "I hope you girls like being humiliated..."
"Okay, Rook and Sam- you two go first! Truth or Dare?"
Rook responded, "Truth." Sam nodded.
Kyrie laughed. "Well, that's easy. Just ask them a gimme like, 'What's your name?' We want them to win, after all."
Tanya pouted. "But that's no fun... I wanna play with these cute, submissive looking girls at least a little..."
Maya nodded. "Yeah! It should be fine if it's just a little... anyways, we're not giving them freebies!"
Kyrie sighed. "Goodness, this is unexpected... An uncontrolled variable in the experiment...!"
Hina smiled. "Don't worry, Kyrie! I'm sure our friends will go easy on Rook and Sam. How about we let them ask a question for this round, and we will do it next round?"
Kyrie looked to the other two. "Is that alright? We can alternate giving Rook and Sam truths or dares."
Tanya grinned. "It's a deal. Now, you say we get to go first...?"
Rook gulped. She knew that Tanya was incredibly sadistic...
Tanya spoke her question. "What are your three sizes, both of you?"
Rook blushed. The question wasn't THAT embarrassing on a show where she had already been thoroughly humiliated, but it was still a bit uncomfortable, especially with her biologically male body.
Sam spoke her response first. "36, 24, 36." The "DING!" indicated that she was speaking the truth.
Rook went next. "Uh... 30, 28, and 28..." The "DING!" sounded again.
Rook covered her head in her hands. "Ahh... I already know I'm not very curvy, but... it's still embarrassing to say that aloud...!"
Arrow spoke a word of caution. "Be careful towards Rook, alright? That question was fine, but don't do any questions that are specifically calling out gender, you hear? Tanya and Maya, your turn- Truth or Dare?"
Maya responded, "Truth!"
"Both of you- what broke your hymen, and how did it break?"
Maya blushed a bit. "Uhm, I broke mine with a dildo, when I was 19... I had masturbated before, but I was a bit curious about what penetration felt like, so... I stuck it in, and it tore..."
"DING!"
Maya turned to Tanya. "This one should be pretty easy for you, Tanya- uh, Tanya?"
Tanya was a bit flushed. She whispered something inaudible.
Arrow laughed. "Hey now, this is supposed to be a publicly humiliating challenge! You gotta say it out loud!"
Tanya blurted out, "I- my hymen isn't broken, okay? I'm a virgin..."
"DING!"
Arrow was taken aback. "Wow, really? Did NOT expect that from a professional BDSM club domme!"
Tanya sputtered. "Listen here, that just means I tie people up, whip them, tease them, that sort of thing! I-it's not like sticking it in is a job requirement...! And so what, I've never had a boyfriend or girlfriend? P-plenty of people are single..."
Someone called from the audience: "I'd take your virginity!"
She glared at the audience. "I'd like to see you try, you pathetic, virgin sissy!"
Arrow sighed. "Now I can see why you're a virgin. You're too focused on being dominant... Anyways, Hina and Kyrie- your turn. Truth or Dare?"
Hina giggled. "Truth!"
Rook grinned. "Here, I have a good one. Where is your most sensitive erogenous zone?"
Hina blushed a little. "The back of my neck... my highschool boyfriend used to kiss me there, and it felt really, really good..."
Kyrie was usually pretty composed, but now, she seemed to be fidgeting and twiddling her thumbs, occasionally cleaning her glasses and checking them for dust.
Arrow turned to Kyrie. "Uh, your answer, Doc?"
Kyrie laughed nervously. "W-well. You see, erogenous zones are actually a very vague and broad subject in general, so answering that question is a complex and delicate process-"
Arrow looked at their phone. "The readings from your suit tell me you're getting preeeeetty close to lying, there..."
Kyrie covered her face. "M-my hair. It's my hair..."
"DING!"
The audience cheered and hooted. The normally eccentric and bold scientist, now acting shy and reserved, while revealing her secret to the world... her feminine charm suddenly skyrocketed. She mumbled into her hands. "I-it's not THAT weird... S-shut up...!"
Rook and Sam went again, choosing Truth once more, and Kyrie gave them an easy one: "Who was your first crush?" They each listed popular celebrities, which turned out to be the truth.
Tanya grumbled. "Boring. We'll have to come up with something EXTRA special for Rook and Sam next time..."
Tanya and Maya chose Truth again as well. Kyrie thought for a moment, then shrugged. "I don't have any ideas..."
Hina laughed. "Mind if I have a go then?"
Rook, Sam, and Kyrie all nodded. Hina asked her question: "Name everyone in this room whom you've had a sexual fantasy about!"
Tanya laughed. "Well, there's you, Hina. I've always wanted to torment your cute little body. The two cuties in the back row. I'd love to whip your asses a little. And the couple on the left, those two. That would be a really hot threesome..."
"DING!"
Maya scratched her head. "Um... Arrow, actually. And... and Kyrie, and Rook."
"DING!"
Arrow giggled. "Aw, I'm flattered that I'm pretty enough for you to masturbate to, but I'm afraid I'm taken. Feel free to fantasize all you want about me, though! I find it really funny!"
Rook blushed. "You fantasized about me? What... what was I doing in your fantasy...?"
Arrow waved aside Rook's question. "Rook, Sam. Pick- Truth or Dare!"
They picked "Truth" once more. Tanya was about to speak, when Maya interrupted. "I got this one." She grinned and said, "What kind of porn do you watch most frequently?"
Rook scratched her head. "Mostly, I like watching porn with lots of girl-on-girl action. That includes this show, actually. Seasons One and Two really turned me on."
"DING!"
Sam blushed. "Uh... Foot Fetish ASMR Hentai Joi Challenge videos."
"DING!"
Kyrie stroked her chin. "Interesting. A title with enough adjectives to invoke fear and curiosity in even the purest of young boys and girls..."
Maya snorted. "Jeezus, I don't even know what that IS."
Arrow winked at the audience. "I'm sure someone in the audience knows what that is. Anyone who doesn't, well, I guess they're in for a VERY risky Google search! Okay, next is Kyrie and Hina. Truth or Dare?"
Kyrie was still feeling a bit embarrassed about her hair, but she knew that the other teams would only exploit this weakness if she chose "Dare". She asked Hina, "Do you mind if I pick 'Truth' again?" Hina smiled and said, "It's fine. We pick Truth, Arrow."
Tanya grinned. "Describe your favorite way to masturbate. Routine, where you like to touch, who you think about..."
Kyrie paled. "Ahahahaha, uhm, Hina? My experimental curiosity just kicked in and I just realized that we don't know anything about the dares on the Double Dare wheel! Surely we should try it once, just to see? For science, ahahaha..."
Hina giggled. "Silly, you could just say you don't wanna tell people how you masturbate. Double Dare, please!"
Arrow spun the wheel. When it stopped spinning, they peeled off the label. That segment of the wheel read, "Make out with your teammate for 20 seconds after every time you get a truth or a dare, including dares from this wheel." Arrow spun again and peeled off the sticker: "Address everyone else in the room as 'Master' or 'Mistress'."
Hina walked up to Kyrie. "We just got a dare, Mistress... That means we need to make out..."
Kyrie squatted down a bit and awkwardly pecked Hina on the cheek to start. Hina giggled. "Am I cute, Mistress...?" Kyrie responded by grabbing her, lifting her up a bit, and kissing her intensely. Their tongues swirled around each other passionately. Hina occasionally pulled back a bit to make love to Kyrie's neck, causing her to sigh in pleasure.
Next was Maya and Tanya. Maya took a gamble and chose "Dare" this time around.
This time, Kyrie had a suggestion. "I dare you both to listen to audio of yourselves moaning and whimpering from previous episodes until the end of the game!"
Tanya shrugged and put in some earphones. Immediately, her ears were assaulted by the lewd sounds of licking, gasping, and moaning. Maya did the same, then blushed as she heard herself begging the audience to use her as a meat toilet, hungrily licking cum off the floor and peeing herself in front of everyone...
Kyrie gave Rook and Sam another freebie, and then it was Kyrie and Hina's turn.
Kyrie was incredibly reluctant to pick "Dare", but she did so anyways, knowing that picking "Truth" could be even worse.
Tanya smiled. "I dare you both to masturbate and cum."
Hina immediately pressed her delicate fingers to her wet pussy and began to tease it gently, sighing in pleasure as she did so. It seemed like she had done so many times before.
Kyrie looked a bit more uncomfortable. "Ah... goodness... I... I suppose I'll just do what you're doing, Hina..." She awkwardly rubbed her pussy, almost mechanical in her movements. She didn't seem to be enjoying it too much.
Hina moved to help her, but Arrow stopped her. "Ah-ah-ah! Masturbation is a solo act!"
Hina began to cry out, closing her eyes and whimpering as she sped up her fingering. She started pushing her fingers into her pussy deeper and deeper through her suit until she came. The crowd cheered for her.
The focus of the crowd then turned towards Kyrie, who was desperately trying to rub herself. She was a bit wet from watching Hina, but she wasn't really anywhere near cumming.
Kyrie was cursing under her breath. "Please, feel good... please, I wanna cum... ah, but it's in front of so many people...!"
Arrow laughed. "Hey, Kyrie! If you can't cum in 5 minutes, then you'll fail the dare! Hey, have you ever even masturbated before? You're not very good at it!"
Kyrie blushed. "I... I've masturbated before! J-just, not like this...!"
"How do you usually masturbate then, hm?"
"That- you can't ask a girl that question...!"
Kyrie wasted another minute trying to finger herself to no avail.
Hina groaned. "Ky- I mean, Mistress! Just do it how you normally do it!"
Kyrie covered her face. "But... it's embarrassing how I do it, Mistress... it's weird.. You looked really pretty and normal when you were masturbating, so..."
Hina grinned. "As science-y as you are, you sure can act shy sometimes, Mistress... Just close your eyes, and think of what turns you on!"
Kyrie closed her eyes and gritted her teeth. She already knew what would make her cum, but it was embarrassing for her to actually show it. But she resolved herself, and doing her best to breathe evenly, she began.
Kyrie twirled some of her long, flowing hair around her finger, exhaling as she did so. She undid her long ponytail, letting her hair tie fall to the floor as she flipped her hair so that it was in front of her body. She ran her fingers down her hair slowly and sensuously, stifling a moan as she did so.
Soon, she was dripping wet. She seemed to not be able to get enough of her own hair. She rubbed it on her body, caressed it, wrapped it around herself. She even twirled it around her finger and sucked on it, moaning and whimpering as she did so.
"One minute left for your dare!"
Kyrie blushed intensely, gathering some of her hair and threading it between her legs. She spread her legs and squatted down a bit, rubbing her hair back and forth over her suit, which was dripping liquid from her naughty-looking slit. She held back her voice as long as she could, but she succumbed to her orgasm, gasping and moaning aloud as she threw her head back and came.
Kyrie covered her face. "Um... yeah... I... sort of have a hair fetish... I, I was just experimenting, playing with my hair one day, and, before I knew it, I was addicted... Ahhh, don't look at me...!"
Hina walked up to her and forced her hands away from her face, kissing her deeply. "Mmm... tasty..." She even sucked on Kyrie's hair a bit, kissing and nibbling at it gently, which drove Kyrie crazy.
A few more turns went by. Rook and Sam were mostly given easier dares, though they did have to share out some embarrassing fetishes and secrets thanks to Tanya. Tanya's team was forced to wear suction devices on their nipples and pussy, which made them squirm in discomfort as they listened to themselves being pleasured and humiliated. Meanwhile, Kyrie and Hina had their own problems: Kyrie was getting her hair sensuously brushed by an audience member, rubbing herself shyly as her silky strands were gently caressed by the brush, while Hina was forced to wear nipple clamps attached to a clamp on her pussy by a tight chain. Needless to say, all of them were horny and ready to cum.
Arrow looked at their watch. "Hm, this episode is getting a bit long. How about this- let's have a Sudden Death! I'll just spin the Wheel of Misfortune every five minutes, and apply it to everyone. First one to fail a dare loses! First spin...!"
Arrow's first spin landed on a covered-up segment of the wheel. Arrow peeled it off. The wheel read, "Do not cum."
Kyrie moaned. "Ahhh, no...! It feels so good...!"
Hina was panting, trying to keep still to prevent her pussy chain from shifting as she made out with Kyrie again. "Endure it, Mistress...!"
Tanya was panting herself. "You better not cum, Maya... I order you not to cum, okay...?"
Maya was trying to keep her hands away from her crotch, but was having trouble doing so thanks to the sound porn being sensually whispered into her ears. "Ahhh... I sound like such a slut... I'm so embarrassed... I sound like a bitch in heat...!"
After five more minutes, Arrow spun the wheel again. The next dare was: "Talk dirty about yourself."
Kyrie went first. "I... I'm a kinky, slutty bitch that likes to pleasure myself with my own silky hair...!"
Hina went next. "I'm a naughty, naughty girl that deserved to be chained up as punishment for being a dirty pervert!" She grabbed Kyrie and started making out again.
Then Tanya. "I... I'm a horny virgin girl that likes to whip others into submission, but fantasizes about being torn open by a manly cock...!"
Finally, Maya went. "I... I'm... I can't hold it, I"m cumming! AAHHHHHHN!"
Maya came loudly, her eyes rolling up in her head as she did so. Kyrie came right after, feeling embarrassed yet aroused at the fact that she was getting off on her hair being brushed.
Rook and Sam were inwardly relieved that the game ended before they had to say anything naughty about themselves. They helped the others take off the various sex toys adorning their bodies.
"Game over!" Arrow clicked their remote, and all at once, various pieces of clothing fell to the floor. Tanya blushed, but kept her hands away from her newly naked body, flaunting herself a bit as she did so. Maya covered up her breasts, looking down and trying to ignore the catcalls of the audience. Kyrie also covered her breasts, since she was now topless, but the hair brushing against her torso made her cry out in ecstasy. Hina blushed, her now exposed belly being ogled by her fans, and both Rook and Sam sighed in relief, knowing that they were safe, for now.
Kyrie turned to Hina. "Wow... that feeling of humiliation was..."
Hina sighed. "Sorry you had to reveal your secret, Kyrie."
Kyrie pushed up her glasses with one hand, keeping her breasts covered with the other. "Why, that felt AMAZING! I feel like I could write five, no, SEVEN research papers on the psychological and parasocial functions of shame now! This feeling of alienation and being seen as strange for one's fetishes... why, I feel as if I have grown a bit closer to knowing what it means to accept the oddities of others, and the true meaning of acceptance and diversity in modern society shall be-"
Hina shut her up by kissing her. She struggled for a moment, still trying to move her lips and explain her revelation, but eventually giving up and letting Hina's tongue into her mouth.
Arrow laughed. "Always a scientist at heart, I suppose. Anyways, tune in next time for our final episode- EVER!"