My name is Mark Nelson. When I was in high school, I was a short fat pasty-faced blob. I was 5'7" tall and weighed 200 pounds. I wasn't good at sports and I wasn't an exceptional student. As a result, I rarely had any dates, and when I did, the girls usually looked something like a female version of me.
There were a lot of hot girls in my class that my friends and I lusted after, but we were realistic enough to know that they would never give us a second look. We all starred at the cheerleaders during pep rallies because they wore those skimpy little skirts. "Ah shit," my friend Tony said. "That Marcy has the best legs and biggest tits on the whole cheerleading squad."
Tony was almost right. Marcy was hot, but Michelle was just a little hotter. Michelle had always reminded me of an African princess. She was about 5'8" and her body was absolutely perfect. And she knew it. We were in a couple of classes together and she never acknowledged my existence, even when we were next to each other and I said hello to her. But I knew that Tony and my other friends preferred the white cheerleaders, as if any of us had a remote chance with any of them.
Michelle rarely attended any school dances because she didn't date anyone form our school. She showed up at our senior homecoming because she was elected the queen, but her date looked like he just stepped off the pages of Ebony or GQ magazines. However many times I tried to talk to Michelle, she ignored me and just turned her head away.
Towards the end of the school year, we were walking down the concrete steps in the school when someone bumped Michelle and sent her tumbling down the steps. I happened to be a few steps below her when it happened so I turned and caught her before she fell the rest of the way down the steps. Unfortunately, since I was standing sideways when I caught her, one of my arms went across her chest and the other went across her back. As she regained her balance, I said, "Are you OK Mich . . "
"Get your hands off my chest you pervert!" she demanded.
I turned every color of red and immediately release her. She almost fell again, but managed to catch herself. "I'm s-sorry," I mumbled. "I-I just tried to st-stop you fr . . "
"Get lost," she said and continued down the steps. Her friends laughed at me as they walked past. I avoided her for the remainder of the year.
After we graduated, I lost track of Michelle. I think she went to college out of state, but I didn't care, because no matter how hot she was, she was still a bitch. I ended up in trade school and learned welding and electrical. After my apprenticeship, I worked for a small local company for a few years before the owner decided to retire. He offered the company to me and I jumped at being my own boss. I borrowed the money and the rest is history. Business is pretty good. So there I was, at the age of 30 with my own business, a fairly decent fixer upper house and a new pickup truck. And somehow I had managed to grow a few inches and lose a few pounds since graduation so I was just under 6' tall and about 185 pounds.
Since I had slimmed down and was no longer the short fat pasty-faced kid, I was actually less self conscious about asking women out. I never graduated to the hot cheerleader types, but I didn't do too badly either. Actually, most of the hot cheerleader types that graduated with me were now overweight soccer moms.
After work Friday, I stopped by Murphy's Pub for a beer and burger before going home. I stuck around for a few games of pool and then headed out around 9:00. As I was driving down the county road to my house, I noticed a sleek red Mustang convertible in front of me at the stop sign. As it started through the intersection, a big Lincoln blew through the four way stop and smashed the front fender of the Mustang flipping it over and into the guardrail. The Lincoln never slowed down; it just kept going.
I jumped out of my truck and ran to the wrecked Mustang and looked inside. The driver was unconscious. I smelled gas, so I used my knife to cut the seatbelt and drag the driver out of the car. As I lifted the person from behind to drag them away, I realized it was a woman in a fairly short skirt and a tank top. I dragged her back from her car and started to lay her on the ground near a small stone wall when she shook her head and scrambled to her feet. She spun around and fixed me with her eyes and said, "Don't you touch me!"
"Michelle?"
"Wha-what? Who are you? Don't touch me." She tried to kick out at me -- some crazy judo kick, and I just leg swept her and she fell to the ground with her skirt around her waist. I have to admit that she still had nice legs.
She got back up and took a swing at me. I knew I didn't want to stand there and dodge her punches all night so I stepped forward and bear hugged her. And just then her car blew up knocking both of us to the ground.
We both cleared the cobwebs from our heads and I helped her back to her feet. Damn, those legs looked good. I said, "Michelle, stop hitting me or I'll leave you here. Are you OK?"
"No I'm not OK, someone just wrecked my car and I'm stuck out here in the country with someone I don't even know. Who are you?"
"You wouldn't remember me Michelle. My name is Mark Nelson and I was in your chemistry class in high school."
Michelle seemed to recognize his name. She said, "Weren't you shorter in high school?"
He laughed. "Yep. I was short and fat."
She asked, "Well, how do you remember me? High school was a long time ago."
Mark smiled. "Michelle, I always thought that you were the hottest girl in school. Even though you never acknowledged my existence, I still had a schoolboy crush on you."
"I-I never knew that Mark. Why didn't you say something?"
He laughed. "Michelle, I always spoke to you, but you would just turn away. Once I caught you falling down the steps and you berated me for catching you incorrectly."
They both heard sirens and looked around to see the lights of approaching emergency vehicles. After answering all their questions and arranging for the remnants of Michelle's car to be removed, Mark asked, "Can I drop you somewhere?"
She got a puzzled look on her face and then it suddenly dawned on her that everything had just burned up in her car. She looked down and started to cry. "What's wrong," he asked.
"My purse, my driver's license, my money, my cell phone, my luggage and clothes were all in my car. What am I going to do?"
"Do your folks still live around here," he asked.
"No. They moved away a long time ago. Maybe I could call one of my old high school friends."
Mark smiled. "Why don't I give you a lift to my place and you can relax and call your friends. I can take you wherever you want to go."
She finally smiled at him. "That's so nice of you, Mark, especially after the way I treated you."
They got into the truck and Mark drove them the last few miles to his house. After using the restroom, Michelle sat on the couch and tried to situate herself so her skirt wouldn't ride up too high. Mark asked her if she'd like some wine and she nodded.
"Who are you going to call?" he asked.
"I'll try Marcy first." She spent the next hour calling her old high school friends while Mark busied himself in the basement. When he came upstairs, he saw her sitting on the couch holding a pillow and crying.
"Michelle, what's wrong?"
"None of my old friends will let me stay with them tonight. Some have moved away and some said they just never liked me anyway."
Mark certainly understood that. He said, "You're welcome to stay here if you'd like. I have a guestroom and plenty of towels. After breakfast I can take you wherever you want to go."
"Thank you Mark. I can't believe you're being this nice to me." She stood and walked over and kissed his cheek.
Mark smiled and said, "I used to tell my friends that I thought you were as beautiful as an African Goddess. This is the first time I've ever been kissed by a Goddess."
Michelle laughed and gave him a hug. "Come on," he said. "I'll show you to your room." He handed her one of his old robes, a couple of his shirts and some towels and took her to her room.
Michelle woke up when she smelled bacon and coffee. She put on one of Mark's tee shirts and wandered downstairs. "Mmmm, that smells good," she said.
Mark just stopped and starred. "What's wrong, she asked?"
"Michelle, my shirt never looked so good. You are still as beautiful as you were in high school."
She smiled and gave him a hug. As she sat down at the table she thought about why she was so mean to people in high school. She knew that she would have snubbed Mark in school. He seemed like a nice guy, and although he wasn't as handsome or as black as the men she had dated in the past, he was still attractive. And she smiled when she thought about his confession to her about his crush on her. As she turned in the chair, Mark's tee shirt rode up her legs past mid thigh. She was about to pull it down, then figured 'what the hell' and left it there.
Mark served her bacon, eggs, toast and home fries with her coffee. He sat next to her and she noticed that he periodically stole looks at her legs. She shifted a few more times making the shirt ride up even higher, until he finally said, "Michelle, would you please pull that shirt down. Your legs still drive me crazy."
She did as he asked. He told her that he had to leave to get the crew started on one job while giving estimates on two others, but that she could stay there as long as she wanted. Before he walked out the door, she hugged him again and kissed his cheek.
Mark finished a little early and decided to pick up some groceries and head home. He didn't know if Michelle would still be there or not. When he walked in the door, he saw her coming out of the kitchen wearing one of his button up the front shirts with the top three buttons undone. It hit her at mid thigh and when he looked down, he noticed the bottom button was also undone.
"Damn Michelle," he said. "You can't keep dressing like that. It's driving me crazy. Let's go in to town and get you some clothes."
She smiled and walked over to him and said, "Maybe I just wanted to say thank you." She put her arms around him and kissed him. It was actually a longer kiss than she anticipated.
Holy shit! What the hell just happened? Michelle thought that she would give him a nice thank you kiss, but when he kissed her back, she almost fainted. She had never been kissed like that in her life. She realized she was breathing hard and that her nipples were hard against Mark's shirt. She felt her pussy getting wet.
Mark looked at her and said, "That was the best thank you I've ever gotten, Michelle." She was still delirious from his kiss and not fully paying attention.
"Wha-what d-did you say, Mark?"
"I said that was a nice way to say thank you, Michelle."
"She didn't release her hold on him and asked, "Can we do it again? Please?"
"Are you serious? Of course we can. I never dreamed that someday I'd kiss you."
They kissed again and midway through it, Michelle lightly moaned. She panted, "Oh my God, Mark! You are a great kisser." They kissed two more times and then Mark said her had to get the rest of the groceries and Michelle remembered that she had dinner in the oven.
After dinner, Mark went to his room to change clothes and there was a knock on the door. Michelle opened the door and screamed. The man at the door grabbed her arm and said, "You were hard to find bitch. Now it's time for you to come with me."
At that point Mark ran into the room and saw a skinny black man pulling Michelle out on to his porch. He ran across the room and grabbed the man and knocked him to the floor. He pushed Michelle back behind him and looked at the man as he stood up. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" Mark asked.
"I came for my woman, you fuck head." After another trip to the floor, he was a little more docile. Mark looked in his driveway and saw a dark Lincoln with a splotch of red paint on its fender.
Mark knocked him to the floor again and said, "You're the prick who ran in to her and destroyed her car." He turned and said, "Go call the police."
As the stranger got to his feet again, he said, "Maybe there's been a misunderstanding mister. Just let me have my woman and I'll be leaving now."
After Mark knocked him down again, he sat on him and said, "I don't who you think you are, dickwad, but don't you ever come to my house and touch my woman again. Do you understand?"
"Y-y-your woman?"
"Yeah, my woman. If you ever come back around here, I will kill you."
The police rolled up and after interviewing Mark and Michelle and seeing the car, they arrested the stranger and drove away.
When Mark went back to the house, he grabbed a beer and Michelle smiled and said, "Your woman?"
"I'm sorry. I was just trying to scare him a little."
As she got up and walked over to him she unbuttoned her shirt and asked, "Would you like me to be your woman?"
He said, "Come on Michelle. Quit messing around. I don't take advantage of damsels in distress."
"Mark, I'm not a damsel in distress. I'm thinking perfectly clearly right now and I want you."
"Dammit, Michelle! I don't want a sympathy fuck for years ago. And I don't want to take advantage of you for today."
She ripped off her shirt and threw it on the floor. He just starred. He saw that her body was even more perfect today than it was in high school. She had gained a few pounds and they landed in just the right places. She had perfect legs and big tits, probably 'C' size. He guessed her to be about 38-25-38 and she was still beautiful. She walked over to him and put her hand behind his neck and pulled him in to a kiss. She took one of his hands and put it on her breasts and put the other one on her ass. She smiled at him and breathed, "That feels nice."
Her nipples were hard and her pussy was dripping. She reached down, unzipped his pants and pulled out his hard 10 inch cock. She dropped to her knees and kissed the head and then put as much as she could into her mouth. She licked it and looked up at him and begged, "Please fuck your African princess, Mark."
He lifted her and carried her to the couch and she helped him undress. Mark gently slid his cock into her waiting pussy and she moaned. It only took a few strokes before she was coming. He squeezed those beautiful breasts that he had only dreamed about 12 years ago. Each kiss made Michelle's head swim. She thought, 'If I knew this boy kissed like this, I would have linked up with him when he was short and fat.'
Both of them felt like they were on a cloud. Mark was fucking his high school crush who he had fallen asleep many times thinking of. And Michelle? She had no idea that anyone could turn her on like Mark did. The first time didn't last too long. They grabbed some wine and went to Mark's king size bed where they held each other and fucked for a couple of hours.
When they woke in the morning, Michelle smiled at him and asked, "Would you like a morning blow job?" Mark just smiled and Michelle went to work on his cock. While Mark showered, Michelle made breakfast for them. After breakfast he said, "You look great in my shirts, but we need to get you some clothes today. Let's go to town and get you some clothes and then you can tell me what's been happening in your life and why you appear to be on the run."
Michelle bought mostly casual clothes, jeans and tee shirts, but she did pick out two short dresses that she hoped would get Mark hot. When they stopped for lunch, he said, "Now, Michelle. What's going on in your life?"
She sighed and said, "I was a nurse in Rochester. I started dating Levon, the man you met the other day. He tried to blackmail me to stealing drugs from the hospital but I refused. He beat me a couple of times and I knew I would never be safe so I quit my job, stashed my money into the bank and ran back here hoping I could get away from him. But he followed me and wrecked my car and tried to take me back. He would have if you hadn't been there -- twice. And that's my story. So if I'm your African princess, then you're my white knight in shining armor."
"So do you have a home to go back to in Rochester?" he asked.
"I don't have a home, Mark. I have an apartment with some furniture and clothes, but that's it. And now I don't have a job or a car. But the really good news is that Levon is gone."
"And what have you been doing since we graduated, Michelle?" he asked.
"Well, I went on and got my BA in nursing and then spent three years living with my parents and working in a hospital in Atlanta after they moved. Then I moved to Rochester and worked in a hospital for the past five years. I met Levon a year ago and we dated. He tried to get me to steal drugs from the hospital by threatening to plant drugs in my car and then calling the police. When I tried to stop dating him, he beat me. And that's why I ran. I thought I was in a catch 22."
Mark smiled at her. "How about if I take tomorrow off? It's Friday and we can drive to Rochester and get your affairs in order. I can spend the weekend helping you do whatever you plan to do."
She threw her arms around him and smiled a big smile, "Thank you Mark. I feel horrible that I treated you so badly. I'm so sorry." She kissed him and her head started swimming again. "Whew," she said. "You are the best kisser I've ever been kissed by."
That evening, Michelle ignored all of her new clothes and put on another of Marks button shirts leaving all the buttons undone. Mark grabbed her and fucked her against the living room wall while she screamed in orgasm after orgasm. After dinner, they went to bed and made slow passionate love. When they were finished, Michelle rolled over and whispered, "I haven't had many lovers, Mark. You are the best ever. I don't know whether I like it best when you are tender and loving or when you fuck me like a whore."
When they woke up in the morning, she sucked his cock until he lifted her and flipped her over. After using her pussy juice for lubrication, he slowly stuck his cock into her ass. He knew it hurt her so he asked, "Do you want me to stop?"
"N-no baby, keep going. I know it will feel good in a minute."
He fucked her ass making her cum several times and then came deep in her bowels and then rolled off. She immediately went down on him and cleaned his cock with her mouth. Mark laid in bed while Michelle made breakfast. He was thinking how his hot conceited African princess had become a hot loving African slut. He preferred her this way.
They spent the next three days in Rochester getting new charge cards and driver's license and closing down her apartment. During the drive, Mark offered her space to store her furniture until she decided what she was going to do. They went out on the town Friday and Saturday night and Michelle wore a mini dress one night and a leather mini skirt and halter the next. Everywhere they went, men starred at her. When she walked across the room, men couldn't take their eyes from her swinging ass. But she made it crystal clear to all that she was there with Mark. She pushed her breasts against his arm when they were standing, and she held his hand when they were walking together.
They spent both nights in her apartment where Michelle treated him like a king. She served him dinner and fetched his beer and made his breakfast. She started both mornings with a blow job. She knew that she was falling for him. He was the best fuck she ever had and his kisses drove her insane.
They filled his truck with as much furniture and clothes as would fit and headed back to Mark's house. When they arrived, they decided to unload everything into the garage. When they finished, Mark sat on the couch with a beer while Michelle showered. When she was finished, she walked into the room wearing just a towel. Mark said, "Every time I see you like that, I just can't believe you're the same person from high school."
She said, "I'm not the same person, Mark. I was always an independent bitch. I know I was always rude and aggressive to other people as a protection mechanism. I didn't realize that I had made so many enemies. I knew that I ran with the popular crowd in high school, and since I'm black, I always tried that much harder than the other girls. But none of that seemed to matter to you, Mark. You helped me and protected me without demanding anything in return. You took me into your house after I treated you like shit. I am so sorry for that, Mark."
"Stop apologizing, Michelle. That was history." Mark got an ornery smile and said, "But if you really feel bad, lose the towel."
She said, "Yes sir" as she immediately dropped it onto the floor. "Would you like me to do anything else, sir?"
"Hmmm, let me think about it," he said.
Michelle smiled at him and said, "May I please suck your cock, sir?"
"That sounds good," he said. "Crawl over here and suck my cock."
Michelle crawled across the floor and began sucking Mark's cock. She took his cock form her mouth and begged, "Would you take off your pants so I can suck on your balls?" Mark complied and Michelle put his balls into her mouth and suck them. She worked on his cock until he blasted his load down her throat. "Mmmmm," she moaned. "I love it when you cum in my mouth."
She looked at Mark and asked, "Can I get you another beer, Honey?
Mark had never had anyone so willing to do things for him. "Sure. Thanks."
After she handed him his beer, she sat quietly for a few minutes while looking at the floor. Then she said, "Mark, you've known me for 12 or 13 years, but I've only known you for a week. I ignored you in high school and now I see that was my loss. I would do anything to make that up to you. And what makes this even worse is that I think I'm . . Never mind."
Mark looked at her and said, "What Michelle? What were you going to say?"
"It's -- it's embarrassing Mark."
"Tell me," he said. "What were you going to say?"
She looked down at the floor and said, "I think I'm falling in love with you. You see, I'm just getting to know you for the first time. You had your infatuation years ago and have gotten over it."
"Come here," he said. She got up and walked to him. "Sit on my lap." She sat down and put her arm around his neck. "I've gotten over my infatuation, Michelle, but I've always remembered you, many times while I lie in bed at night. I knew that our social status, different races and me being short and fat while you were my African princess would keep us apart. I would never have believed that you would be sitting here on my lap." He began massaging her breast and her nipples were immediately hard.
"Oh Mark," she said. He continued manipulating her breast while she squirmed and moaned on his lap. She came quickly and leaned in and kissed him. She said, "Mark, you are a wonderful man. I love you and I'll do anything you want."
"I don't think you know what you're saying, Michelle. You've always been independent, and I don't think you'd be happy if you weren't independent."
"My independence has made me a hated bitch. The longest I've ever dated anyone was that loser Levon. Being with you this past week has made me happier than I've ever been in my life. When I find a place to live in town and get a job, you'll never get rid of me."
"What makes you think I want rid of you? I thought you could move in with me until you find a place. But frankly, I don't want you to find a place."
She smiled her beautiful smile and squeezed his neck. "Really? I'll do anything for you Mark." She paused for a minute and then asked, "Besides sharing your home, can I also share your bed? You can have me whenever you want and however you want."
He smiled. "Now how could I turn that deal down? I think I should hurry and agree before you renege on the deal."
She grinned. "Or you could consider that the starting point and negotiate a more favorable deal."
He said, "Be careful. I am very creative. Maybe I'll even rent a few videos to get some ideas."
"OK," she said. "We'll keep the negotiations open until you come up with something else for me. Do you want me to rent a few videos for you?" They both laughed and Mark picked her up and carried her to bed. She looked at him and asked, "Tonight instead of gentle lovemaking, would you fuck me? Fuck me hard?"
Over the next couple of hours he used all of her holes. He fucked her ass and pulled her hair and then made her suck his cock. She begged him to fuck her pussy. She climaxed over and over and moaned and screamed, "I love your cock, Mark! Fuck me. Oh Mark. Make me your bitch, baby."
Mark loved it. Here he was fucking his fantasy woman and her begging to be his bitch. Oh, how the times have changed.
They fell asleep in each other's arms and when he woke in the morning, her mouth was already wrapped around his cock. He shot his load into her mouth and she swallowed every drop. She jumped out of bed, tossed on one of his tee shirts and said, "I'll make your breakfast while you shower."
As he showered, he was thinking about Michelle's actions from the night before. Although it was really hard to believe, it appeared as though she was a little submissive. If that was true, then he was entering a new realm of life. Wow! To have this hot black woman submissive to him would be a dream come true. He figured he would experiment some more tonight.
During breakfast she told him that the insurance adjuster would be dropping off her check for the car today and she hoped to hitch a ride into town to look at cars and maybe find a video for them tonight. He laughed and told her that she could drive his classic Triumph TR3 to town. When she asked what a TR3 was, he took her with him to the garage behind the house and opened the door. When she laid eyes on the classic British racing green car, she gasped. "That car is beautiful, Mark. I couldn't possibly take that. I would be scarred I would mess it up."
He turned around and pulled her closer and lifted the shirt so he could put his hand on her bare ass. He kissed her and she melted in his arms. "Oh Mark." He squeezed her ass. "Oh . . Oh . . that feels nice." She moaned. He continued to kiss her and squeeze her ass until she came in his arms. Her knees were weak and she almost fell to the ground.
He said, "Now take the car Michelle. OK?"
"Yes sir," she smiled at him. "Anything you say."
The man in the video shop enjoyed starring at Michelle's tits and ass when she stopped for the video that afternoon. She had to dress professionally for her job interview, but she made it a point to bend over a few times to let him look at her ass. She asked for one that he would recommend between mixed races, when the woman is submissive. He smiled and took only a minute to produce one. He said, "This guy turns her into a wanton whore and makes her do everything to him.
She smiled and said, "Then that's the one I want."
When she left the store, the owner called his friend Tony and said, "Guess who just walked out of my store with a video about submissive black women? Michelle, the bitch that we graduated with."
"No shit!" Tony said. "I wonder when she got back in town. I have to tell Mark about this. He always had a kind of crush on her."
When Mark got home that evening, Michelle had a nice dinner ready for him. Once again she was wearing one of his tee shirts. She said, "I hope you don't mind me wearing your shirts, Honey. They're really comfortable."
"Michelle, I've always thought you have the best legs I've ever seen, and I love it when you show them. You can wear my shirts anytime. Besides, that tee shirt makes it easier to get you naked."
She asked, "Would you like me to be naked? I'll take this off if you want."
He smiled. "After dinner. But first I want to hear about your day."
"OK," she said. "I think I found a car but I want you to look at it first."
"OK. Do you want to go after dinner?"
"No," she said. "I have another idea for tonight. And, I think I got a job in Dr. Maola's office. He'll let me know tomorrow. And, she reached below the table and showed him a video, I picked up a video to help your imagination come up with things that you can do to me."
When they finished eating, Michelle asked, "Do you want to watch the video or would you like a blow job first?"
"Take your shirt off and suck my cock first so I'll last longer later."
She peeled of her shirt and dropped to her knees in front of him. She sucked his cock and swallowed his cum. When she finished, she put the video into the player as he pulled up his pants. She left her shirt on the floor and walked over and sat on his lap. As the movie began, he started tweaking her nipples. She moaned and came, here pussy gushing onto his pants. She said, "Oh shit, I'm sorry Mark."
"Don't worry about it Michelle. I'm sure we'll do more before the night is over."
They spent the next 72 minutes watching a white man completely use and abuse a black woman. She was virtually his sex slave. During the movie Mark continued to play with her breasts giving her two more orgasms. At the end of the movie, she asked, "What did you think?"
"I liked it, Michelle. Do you really think you could go along with the things in that movie?"
She responded immediately, "I would do any of those things for you Mark."
He said, "Yeah, but she was basically his sex slave. He called her all kinds of names. He treated her pretty rough."
She smiled at him. "And I would be your sex slave. And you could treat me rough and call me anything you want. I really would like to try it. Please, Mark."
"Alright Michelle, if that's what you want. Pick a safe word so you can stop it if you want."
"I don't want a safe word, Mark. I trust you."
The next two hours was a new experience for both of them. Mark eventually did everything that was in the video that his friend Tony warned him about. He fucked all of her holes and called her a black whore and slut. He slapped her ass and her tits and called her his bitch. He made her beg to eat his ass hole and to suck his cock after he ass fucked her. He came on the floor and made her lick it up, calling her a cum dump and a fuck hole. He finally put her in the bath tub and spit and pissed all over her. After one more ass licking, he went to bed leaving her in the tub.
Michelle was exhausted. She lay in the tub for 20 minutes and then showered and joined him in bed. When he woke up in the morning, she was snuggled against him with her beautiful leg across his legs and her arm across his chest. She opened her eyes and smiled at him. He asked, "Are you OK, Michelle? How do you feel?"
She purred," Mmmm, Honey. I feel wonderful."
"Are you sure I didn't hurt you? That was pretty intense last night. I had never tried some of that stuff."
"You didn't hurt me, Honey. And I hadn't done some of that stuff either, but I loved it." She snuggled closer and said, "I loved being your black whore and having you treat me like one. And any time you want to do it again, I'm game for it."
Mark said, "I have to admit that I enjoyed it more than I thought I would. I usually don't treat people like that and I've never treated a woman like that."
She smiled and said, "Well, first of all, I deserved it for the way I treated you. And secondly, I know that you don't treat ladies like that, but remember that I wasn't a lady. I was your black slut."
He smiled and said, "Yes, you are a black slut."
"Mmmmm, she moaned. "I'm your black slut."
He kissed her and then got out of bed. She got up and said, "Your breakfast will be ready when you come downstairs."
On the way to the shower, he said over his shoulder, "Serve me naked today."
She smiled at him, "Yes sir. My pleasure."
When Mark came downstairs, his naked black slut was just putting his plate on the table. He squeezed her breasts and ass and sat for his breakfast. Michelle sat next to him and sipped her coffee. He asked, "What is on your agenda today?"
"While I'm waiting on a call from the doctor's office, I'm going to clean your house. Then I'm hoping you'll go check out the car when you get home and then I want to take you to dinner wherever you'd like to go."
"Sounds good, Michelle. You pick the dinner place, OK?"
When Mark got home, he changed into Dockers and a golf shirt and Michelle wore a mini skirt and tight tee shirt without bra. "Wow," he said. "You look hot!"
"I'm dressed for you, Mark. From now on, maybe you could tell me whether you prefer me to dress as a proper lady or casual or as your black slut."
They drove the Triumph to dinner and checked out the auto dealership. Mark liked the new Mustang that Michelle selected so she gave the go ahead to get it ready for tomorrow. She took him to dinner at his favorite steak house. After dinner, they stopped at Murphy's Pub. When they entered, all the men in the place watched this hot black woman in the mini skirt walk across the room. Mark's friend Tony, who had given him the heads up the day before about the video, came over to them. Mark said, "Tony, you remember Michelle, don't you? Michelle, this is Tony."
Tony said, "Good to see you again Michelle. You look good."
Michelle said, "Hi Tony. Mark told me that I was a real bitch in high school and that I treated you all badly. I'm truly sorry for that. There's no excuse for my actions and I hope you will forgive me."
Tony was stunned. There was a long silence and then Tony said, "Uh, sure Michelle. No big deal. What are you doing back in town?"
"Well, I hope to get a job and move back here," she said.
They talked for a few more minutes and then Michelle excused herself and went to the restroom. Tony watched her ass and legs as she walked across the room, and then asked Mark what the hell happened to turn the ice queen bitch into a seemingly decent person. Mark explained that people just change sometimes, and she had changed for the better. Tony asked where she was staying and Mark said, "You're not going to believe this buddy, but she's staying with me."
"Holy shit!" he said. "Every guy in high school wanted to fuck her, but she was the snootiest bitch in school. Are you telling me that you're actually going to get a shot at fucking her?"
"Not only is he getting a shot at it," Michelle said from behind him, "he's already done it quite a few times. And I think I'm becoming addicted to him." When Tony turned in embarrassment, she smiled a big smile at him. "Don't worry about it Tony. I know I was a bitch. And I'm sorry."
Tony smiled an embarrassed smile and said, "Well, all I can say is that my pal Mark is one lucky son-of-a-bitch if you're staying with him. Did you know that you were his fantasy girl in high school and even for a couple of years afterwards?"
She raised her eyebrows and looked at Mark. "Oh really? He didn't tell me that."
Mark looked at the floor. He said, "Well, I was already feeling bad enough that you didn't know who I was. I'd really feel bad if you knew that my crush lasted well beyond high school. Damn, I wish you hadn't told her that Tony."
She laughed and said, "I'm trying to make all that up to him now, Tony."
Tony said, "Well, if you get finished with him, let me know."
She smiled and said, "I don't think I'll ever get tired of Mark. It's probably a question of him getting tired of me."
At 10:00, Mark said that they had better be getting on home because he had a long day at work tomorrow. They said good bye to Tony and walked out to their car. Once again, all of the men in the bar followed Michelle's hot ass and perfect legs all the way to the door. "Wow," Tony said under his breath. "That lucky son-of-a-bitch."
When they got home, Mark was so tied that he fell right into bed and fell asleep. Michelle put on one of his tee shirts and climbed in beside him. He woke up in the morning with his cock in Michelle's mouth. He said, "You're really going to spoil me, Michelle."
"That's what I'm trying to do, Honey. I'm trying to make you see that you can't live without me."
Mark didn't get home until 7:30 that evening and he noticed the brand new Mustang in the driveway. When he got inside, Michelle met him at the door naked and said, "I had a wonderful day and I want to celebrate by sucking your cock." She unzipped him and stuck his cock in her mouth. Mark face fucked her until her shot his load down her throat.
When she finished, she stood up and said, "I got the job and I got my car." She hugged him and said, "And I got to give you a blow job. Three for three." Mark broke out laughing and then Michelle joined him. "Dinner is on the table. I got sub sandwiches tonight because Tony told me that you like them."
"I do like subs. They're my favorite and I have them several times a week."
"Well, I'll get you subs whenever you want them. But I'll also cook for you, Honey."
"Thanks Michelle, but you don't have to do that."
She looked at Mark and said, "I want to cook for you, Mark. I want to take care of you. And I want you to do something for me."
Mark smiled and asked, "What can I do for you, babe?"
She grinned when he called her 'babe.' She said, "I want to be your black slut again tonight. I want you to treat me like I'm just a common black street slut that you paid for and want to get your money's worth abusing."
Mark smiled at her and said, "You got it, slut, but let's eat first." She smiled a huge smile and followed him into the kitchen.
After dinner, he looked at her and said, "Stand up slut." She immediately complied. "Get your black ass over here and eat my ass while I drink my beer." She licked his ass for the 15 minutes it took him to drink his beer. He grabbed another beer and lifted her over his shoulder and carried her to the living room and put her on the floor. Stand up and bend over the couch cunt. She complied immediately. He lubed his cock with her pussy juice and rammed it into her ass as hard as he could making her scream like a banshee. He fucked her hard and pulled her hair and reached around and slapped her tits and pinched her nipples hard. He had no idea how many times she came, and he really didn't care. When he was ready to cum he shot into her ass. He reached down and got the spoon that he brought with him and told her to stay in that position as he scooped the cum form her ass and then fed it to her. She swallowed it all. He put her over his knee and spanked her ass. She licked his ass again while jacking him off. He got hard and flipped her onto her back and rammed his cock into her soaked pussy. She screamed when she came again. He continued to call her names as he pumped her pussy and slapped her tits hard. She moaned and screamed and thrashed around like a whore as he called her any derogatory name that came to his mind. Finally, he withdrew his cock and shot his cum into a glass that she had left on the coffee table. While Michelle was sweating, panting and recovering on the floor, he pissed into the glass of cum and grabbed her hair. He pulled her to a sitting position and told her to drink it. Without hesitation, she took the glass and drank it down. She smiled up and him and said, "I'm your slut, Mark."
They showered together and then went to bed. The next morning, Michelle was so exhausted that she didn't even wake up when Mark got up. He left for work and spent the day billing customers and giving estimates. When he got home and raised the garage door, Michelle walked naked into the garage while the door was going up. He pulled in beside her and noticed that she looked kind of sad. When he got out of the car, she hugged him and said, "I'm so sorry Mark. I wanted to wake you up this morning with a blow job, but I didn't wake up. I'm sorry, Honey, and I love you."
He laughed and put his arm around her and they walked into the house together. "What is that I'm smelling, Michelle?" It smells really great."
She smiled and said, "I made pork roast and all the fixings today, Honey."
"Mmmm, that's one of my favorites, babe. Let's eat and then talk."
She filled his plate with food and then asked, "Would you like me to suck your cock while you eat?"
He said, "Not tonight babe. I want to ask you something."
"OK, Honey. You can ask me anything."
He took his time and said, "Michelle." She didn't like how serious this was starting to be. "Michelle, you've been my fantasy woman for a long time. When you agreed to move in with me for a while, that made me very happy even before we made love." She smiled at him. "After we made love, it was kind of like a dream come true. And then when you became my black cock slut, that clinched it for me. What I'm trying to say, Michelle, is that I want you to move in with me permanently. I think I love you."
Michelle jumped up from the table and sat on his lap and hugged his face to her bare breasts. "Oh I love you so much Mark. Why didn't I see that all those years ago. I think I wasted so much of my life being by myself."
"Before I go any further, Michelle, I want to know which Michelle is moving in here."
"Mark, I can be all of them for you. I will be a good partner and make your meals and take care of your house. And in bed, I will be your lover or I will be your slut. I am yours, Mark."
"OK, Michelle. Then I would like to get married." She squealed and jammed his face back into her breasts and screamed, "Oh yes yes yes, Honey. Thank you Thank you."
"Wait a minute," he said. "I think we should get married. And tonight I want you to be my lover. This weekend, I want you to be my slut all weekend."
"Oh yesss, Honey. I'll be whatever you want. I'm so happy, and I know I don't deserve this. Thank you, Mark."
They made long passionate love that night and fell asleep in each other's arms. Michelle couldn't recall ever being so happy. At breakfast, Michelle asked, "Since the weekend begins tonight, what would you have your slut greet you wearing when you get home?"
He smiled and said, "You pick out the sluttiest outfit you can find and wait for me outside on the porch at 5:00. Who knows, I may strip you out there and fuck you over the lawn furniture."
She smiled and said, "Honey, you can fuck me anywhere you want. And I hope you treat me extra rough this weekend. I want hand prints on my tits and ass."
When Mark got home, Michelle was waiting on the porch wearing a very tiny dress with all but one of the buttons undone. Her tits were visible to everyone when she turned and her pussy was on full display whenever she walked. Mark parked in the garage and came out onto the porch. He put his arms around her and she put hers around his neck which lifted the dress showing her ass to anyone walking by. He reached down and unfastened her last button and slid her dress from her shoulders to the floor of the porch. He shoved two fingers into her pussy and fingered her to climax. He watched over her shoulder to make sure no one was around, but Michelle was oblivious to anything. All she wanted was to please her man. Mark lifted her and carried her into the house where he fucked her on the table and then had her clean his cock.
The weekend was so intense that they both slept like stones each night. On Saturday night, Mark was pounding her pussy from behind while pulling her hair and Michelle was begging him to make her his black whore forever. She begged him to treat her like his own personal slut and do whatever he wanted. She screamed that she was his property and he owns every part of her slutty body. She promised to dress like a whore for him and even let him select her clothes if he wanted. She offered to serve him naked every morning and to start each day with a blow job. She asked him to call her 'slut' and 'black whore' or anything else that he wanted.
It was the greatest weekend of Mark's life. Whether you believe in karma or the old expression 'What goes around comes around,' this weekend was an example of both. Mark thought of the times when he was totally ignored, and even yelled at by that snooty black bitch Michelle in high school. He wasn't even worthy of her acknowledging his existence. And now, he owns her body and soul and she is completely subservient to him. She begs him to dress her and to treat her like a lowly whore. He smiles as he thinks of snooty black bitch Michelle being converted to slutty black fuck hole Michelle.
Admittedly the thought briefly crossed his mind to share her with his friends and maybe even sell her ass to anyone she snubbed in high school. But he quickly ruled against that. He really did love her and he knew he would never find anyone to spend his life with who was as hot as her and who would agree to be whatever he wanted. So they eventually got married, and Mark was happy to see that her attitude towards him and sex didn't change with a wedding ring. The only time their sex life slowed was when she was pregnant with their two children. But after the kids were born, Michelle was right back to her slutty self with Mark. Mark never regretted his decision to invite Michelle to stay with him, and Michelle never regretted her decision to become Mark's slut.