This is a true story. A story I experienced it for myself. It's about my upskirt fetish and why I crazy about it.
*****
I was 26 years old just graduate from master degree. Working everyday seemed hard enough for someone but for me it wasn't. I found a night program of in one university. I interested an applied for it. It was an exciting idea because this program has a lot of girls. Before I came here, I was always the guys around me both when studied and worked.
The girl here dressed match my specification. It was a night program, so girls came here with office dress. It was always my favorite such as white blouse with pencil skirt. All of them wore skirt that have a length above her knees. It was a thrill feeling for me when I came to class and it made me came here often.
Early of class term, I came to class late and I had to sit in the back of the lecture hall. I looked around lecture hall. It was a big hall with lecture chairs. The rows of chairs were place in each step until my row the last row at the end of the room. That meant I sat at the highest row. I found many cute girls here and tried to lock as a target because of this advantage. Then my devil thought obsessed me. Why didn't I have to enter this class by the back door? It was a chance to enter the front door, go upstairs with my eyes faced girls legs. With the type of lecture chair, there nothing to obstruct my view. Maybe some upskirt will made me more likely came to my class earlier.
The sound of back door is open interrupted my devil thought. I move my attention to the back door. The girl walked into the room. I watch her move slowly tried to investigate this girl with my eyes. Suddenly her eyes were up contact mine. She aroused. The way she looked at me was like the little girl fall in love for the first time. As she walked by her eyes still contact mine. Her beige dress fit on her slim body. The high heels she wore emphasize her body and face feature to be like a noble princess. As the length of the dress is above her knees a bit, plenty of room to make me imagined what it was like in the upper area. She sat in about 5 rows in front of me then she turn her head back to see me again. It made me curious that she might be interest in me.
That was the first time I saw "Mia". A pretty girl with a black long hair who had many guys in the class hit on her but she still didn't choose anyone. Her big round eyes would make anybody who saw her fall in love. The pair of innocent eyes matched her slender body. Together made her looked feminine, adorable and cherish. She knew fashion very not in sexy but fabulous way. All of her personalities and fashion tastes made her liked the princess from a fairy tales. A clear cheek bone could see on her face, with the beautiful lips that never smiled to anyone easily made up her pride personality. That why many guys hit on her and try to overcome her pride.
*****
A month later, I came to class early and I met Mia at front of classroom. She still looked like princess many people were around her took care of her. Although I confessed that she wasn't my specification, some feature in her body or movement attracted me. It was strange and I couldn't describe. She sometimes wore a glass and sometimes not. That made her looked like "Nerd princess". At that time, I don't like her much because she was a sweet nerd girl and I like a sexy girl more.
I tend to walk pass her. She made eyes contact with me then walked away with her friend. This is the first time I was at her back. With her high heels on, her legs were glamour. This underline my point of view on her as a nerd girl who looked high class like a princess, I followed her curiously to find why I feel something different from my vision. I slowly walked follow her while carefully inspecting. A vintage black blouse suit her nerdy upper body feature well. As she wore a glass for today, she looked like a nerd princess for everyone here but not for me. I inspected her feature more by moving my eyes downward. A white skirt above her knees was fit to her body. It emphasized her ass feature to my eyes.
"Was this something I after?" I asked myself didn't know the answer yet.
She had an upper nerd body but sexy nice tight lower body. A contrast body still made me curious to follow she went upstairs. I hope that a white tight skirt should give me an outline of her underwear. Maybe I didn't have luck. Her skirt was thick and I can't see anything.
After a disappointment attempt, I walked slower waiting for another chance. She and her friend went up the lecture hall. She sat on a seat beside the walkway. Again I went up the stairs slowly. My eyes faced her knees. I investigated from her knees up to her thighs. She sat with the skirt ride up from her knees a bit. Stretching hemline made a little black hole between her thighs and her skirt. I went up stair slowly till it close to her legs. A little moved and the light came in filled a black hole up. She flashed a little pure white triangle shape panties to me. I didn't expect to see her private part because her skirt still long. It's a great timing for me. I was look up and her innocent face was looking at me. She seemed to ask me "what are you looking?" Her innocent pride face and the little triangle still haunted me until now.
*****
Mia always did a strange thing to me. I always asked myself "Is she teasing me?" I tried not to think too much. She found a way to sat beside me although her friends sat 2-3 rows behind us. She tried to look at me when I wasn't aware of her. Many act led me understood that she interest in me.
The story continued like this until we have to do a big class work as a team. Once a meeting, I sat in the computer room waited for another teammate to come in. Suddenly she appeared and saw me in the room. She walked quickly entered the room and sat exactly across me. The black knees length pencil skirt ride up. I had a chance again. I peeked under her skirt. A little triangle was show while she was sitting. She used her hand to close that hole quickly. Only give my imagination to found out what is her really panties color.
Now Mia crystal clears interested in me. Maybe she teased me too but back to that date I was still not sure. She is the hardest girl in the class to give you a chance to see panties. I tried many times to walked upstairs facing her legs but she knew the way to protect her private area very well. I saw twice of her glimpse panties was a rare chance.
At those times, she still had many hit on her not only a man but also a girl. One of my friend try to hit on her seriously and I was at the night he texted her to increase level of relationship.
She said "no" and let him in the friend zone.
Her action made me a notice in my mind. Maybe she was single. I admired her swift decision. Maybe I could get to know her more.
We had to work closely, side by side. She didn't talk too much but every action full of attraction. She always sat next to me and had a little talked. She liked to be around me but too shy to talk. Later when our eyes contacted accidentally, her pride face made me went to heaven. That is one of the sexy part in woman I had found. I would like her to give her pride to me, changed to be a smiling face. That was my mission. I fell in love with her unintentionally.
When our worked about to finish, I was injured and she as a medic, was the one who looked after me. Her generous made me made my mind to hit on her.
She texted me first asked about work we had done. Then, I move closer by texted her more about the other things. There was nothing to stop us now. We texted frequently from morning until went to bed. Her family worried that he used her phone to text too much but that couldn't stop me texted to her.
I never ask Mia about her relationship before. Until one night I was ill. After midnight she texted me, she gave me one chance to asked her anything about her. She would like me to know her more.
I asked "Are you single?"
"Yes, nobody hit on me and I never have a chance to have boyfriend" That seem liked a problem to me. I didn't believe it because she still was a nerd princess to me. She gave me a chance, so I confessed that I hit on her wanted her to be my girlfriend.
"I had talked to 2 persons now" She then confessed.
"One is my old crush. Secret love for a long time and other one is you."
"But I have only a little talked on him now". She explained.
We ended up phoned to each other. Since then, we phoned before we went to bed. Everything alright and it went like she was my girlfriend.
Until few months later, she told me that she wanted to stop my called. She still couldn't forget her old crush, which came back talked to her. Although never be her boyfriend, she still like him. She told me to be only friend. I had heartbreak. It liked an accident. I never prepared for this. I tried to forget her but it was a lot of memories, so I stopped calling her and only texted to her but she doesn't replied. Few months later, that kind of relationship didn't work. I came to her an agreed to be a good friend. I was okay but she never talked to me again since then. I didn't know why.
*****
Year later, after her dumb action, denial on our relationship as a friend. One of our best friends told me a bad rumor of Mia. Yes, she had a good girl looked but the rumor said she a selfish girl who did anything for her benefit only. Her type was a bad guy to pretend to be good. A guy who you could found in pub or bar tried to hook up a girl for sex. This was contrast to the nerd princess I know. I was told by Mia that she never had a boyfriend. Maybe she had slept with guys, maybe with her crush. That was why she still couldn't get over him. Maybe she cheated me all the time she was with me. A lot of questioned in my head and I would like to prove it.
I still tried to be optimistic. With luck we had to work in a random group. She still silenced to me but worked beside me very closely. It made me nervous. A person who was my girlfriend now become my colleague and acted like nothing happened in the past.
We decide to have a group dinner when work had finished. At time of dinner, everyone was at the restaurant enjoy a meal. She was the last one who appeared. When I thought of her, the image of a good polite girl came to my mind. She always liked a nerd modest princess to me and everyone. Last time I saw her was a few months ago, so I was nervous. Suddenly her voice came from my back. I turned my head and she a girl I familiar but now with other dressing style. She was dress in a high class dress before but not today. A no sleeves white blouse showed her barely arms, it was a kind of vintage shirt and it suited for her. The problem was her skirt. It was the first time I saw she wore this skirt. It was mid-thigh and very tight peplum skirt. This skirt had an outer layer, a peplum and inner layer was a bodycon pencil skirt. She sat opposite to me. I was blame the table obstructed my view of her legs.
I tried to see her legs. It was too short for me. I had never seen her wear slutty skirt like this before. I imagined how short this skirt rode up when sitting. From my experience, short tight pencil skirt I had seen rode up much. The tight hemline didn't fall to close a gap between legs, so, it was a big chance to see panties.
I had a plan. We sat at the end of table. If I took a pic, I could see how short of her skirt from side. I gave my phone to waitress, let her took a pic. I shocked by that pic. The skirt moved up to the level that can cover only her ass. Since I had known her, it was the shortest I had seen and the first time I see her clear smooth upper thighs. Her legs in a nice shape made me excite.
With luck, a group decided to move to a dessert shop. I have to reserve the shop before we moved. I chose to sit at the end of the table waited for others came. This shop was my big opportunity. Only low table between two sofas, I thought my chance was decrease because I was the first person who selected the chair, thought that she wouldn't chose a seat near me.
Then they came. They selected the position they liked. I glimpsed at her a bit. My heart beat when she moved in front of me lower her ass down to sat across me. As I expected, her green tight mid-thigh skirt rode up when sitting, didn't know she didn't aware or teased me, when her ass hit sofa her hemline only cover her ass. The light was kind enough for me to give my vision straight to private triangle part under her skirt. Nude color misunderstood me for her flesh at first, and then I realize that it was her nice thin panties, even the black line under panties in the lowest corner had been seen. After our first encounter, she still had her awareness. She put her high class purse to close her pretty thighs. It created the shadow over the hole, so big black hole was still seen but a pantie wasn't. I was so sure the others couldn't see it. She did it real quick.
Still excite and had a high heart rate. I have seen the private part of the one I took care for a long time. A good girl I had admired. I questioned her good girl image a little.
"Is she teasing me?" I didn't know the answer. Her face still looked innocent. Maybe it was my misunderstood.
We ate sweet dessert happily. Until finished, one by one left the shop to wait others in front of the door. I wait for a big chance, waited for her to stand up that was the last chance I would see her panties clearly again, to compensate the quick first one when she sat.
My opportunity came. Everyone was gone now only me and her. She lifted her purse up, tried to find something. For me, there was nothing to found, the dessert was billed when we came to the shop.
"Does she deliberately want me to see her panties?" I thought again.
Lifted her pursed up meant there nothing to protect her thighs. She said once that she has a big round ass. It didn't make sense for me until now. She didn't need to open her legs for me. With her knees together, her big ass wide hips tend to stretch the moved up to her crotch, more than I imagine. The stretching made hemline didn't fall down; it created a big hole with her nice upper thighs. Surely a nice triangle shape would be seen by the assisted of her pear-shaped body.
It was a crystal clear view for me to investigate the entrance to her vagina again. Thin panties made me saw some secret under it. She was a nerd princess and she would take care of her pussy very well. A little black line told me that she very well preserved it for someone special. The thing I would like to made her mine. Took care of her, look after her, all for this little heaven door but now I couldn't even touch it, only imagine from my vision. That made me nervous
She tried to find her thing in purse for a while. I can't resist how her upper body especially her innocent face acted like she didn't know anything but the lower sexy body still teased me. It was so much contrast. My evil thought came, I pick up my phone, took her picture. I kept it as my special memories.
Then, for a while, she finished but didn't pick anything. We moved out of dessert shop. I had a hard time stood up. A thing in my pants was boner from my previous vision. We said goodbye to all of our friends. She left to a car park, to drive her car home. Although I took a train here, I followed her to car park. We walked upstairs. A little tight skirt made me more boner again. It was a time to investigate her panties line.
"What does the type she wear tonight?"
"Maybe what I see is a little spandex"
It was a thrilled to know. A little disappoint if it was a spandex. The population in this area tended to low now but still had some people walked by. . First stair came; I walked closely while trying to talk with her. She came two or three steps before me. When she moved one of her legs upstairs, the tight skirt hug her figure nicely. The nice panties line came to my eyes. It was a nice full brief panties. I was gladly boner to know that tonight I had seen her panties. I couldn't hold myself to touch her.
My thought came, after broke up she acted dull all the times. I was agreed that we still be friend but never talked to me since then. Many silly acted she do to me. Many rumors I had heard. Her slut action she had done today. All of this was her fault not mine. She the one, who left me, didn't take any responsibilities of making my heart broken. Then she teased me like this what she wanted from me. It was a time to prove those rumors. I made my confuse mind deciding...
"Tonight I will prove. Are you a nerd princess or a slutty bitch on bed?"
Some might say this story is boring but if you have been me and see something girl girl forbid to see, yet still can't touch it. You will know how much I want to explode in her.
*****
Until the next time.