This is the thriteenth episode in my story series, Years Before.
In the last part, after helping Ruthie improve bonds with her Dad on his birthday and taking her on a surprise visit to see her sister at University, we entered into what we called the "3" with our friend, Jules, which turned out to be quite passionate.
In this part, a walk in the park with Jules turns into another spontaneously erotic "3" moment, Ruthie and I get her middle sister out of a horrible situation and we celebrate Ruthie getting a bigger bedroom by taking our sexual relationship further down a particular route.
Thank you for reading
***
Easter Sunday and, after our first "3" with Jules and the impatient, intense sex we'd had when we got back to Ruthie's, we both woke around the same time having slept well. Ruthie turned to me with a big smile on her face.
"I so love waking up with you, honey. Did you sleep OK?"
"I did. I was whacked after last night."
"So was I. Our bit of action back here was so sexual on top of being with Jules."
"It was."
"Honey?"
"Yes, Ruthie."
"I'm possibly the most aware I've ever been of what my body can do when I'm excited, you know, turned on. Getting an orgasm with you inside me is a tremendous feeling. And you seem to know when to come for me too now."
"You give me signals. You like to stretch your back out just before you come."
"Is that what I do?"
"Yes, my lovely, and you look fantastic doing it when you're on top as well!"
It was 10am. Ruthie grabbed her dressing gown and went downstairs to call Jules.
I was thinking about the previous night. Jules was one of the most attractive and sexy women I'd ever met. I'd realised that she must have had some Latin heritage in her family -- she had that look, especially with her gorgeous darker skin...but she wasn't Ruthie and I knew that, despite getting extremely close to Jules last night, it was raw lust and sexual satisfaction but that was it.
My bond to Ruthie made me feel confident that we could be consenting adults with Jules and it would not affect us. We'd decided that we should see if Jules wanted to go out with us, just to spend some time because I certainly didn't want Ruthie's relationship with Jules to change adversely as a result of our physicality.
Ruthie appeared, smiling away, shedding her gown and slipping her wonderful naked body back under the covers.
"Jules was really happy I rang."
"Is she good? How is she about last night?"
"So, she told me she had a bit of a cry after we went."
"Oh no. Why?"
"She said she got so caught up in the feelings of what we did. She'd never thought that anything to do with sex would make her feel like that."
"Does she want to come out today?"
"Yes, she does...with both of us...and she does want to do it again with us sometime."
Easter Sunday was a warm day so we decided to go for a big walk at "The County", a large park about 20 minutes away by car. It was early afternoon when we knocked for Jules.
"Hello, lovely people."
She was all smiles and her new style was still in place. She had almost no make-up on today and, while she had one of her "bouncy boob tops" on, there was a shirt on over it and a pair of shorts. She greeted us both with a gentle kiss on the lips each. We walked to my car and headed off, just chatting and having fun being around each other.
With a blanket from my car, we found a spot on a slight incline to relax. Ruthie soaked up the sun in a vest top that clung to her shape closely and a nice white skirt. Jules slipped off her shirt to catch a little sun.
I noticed her shirt was covering the fact that she had no bra on. The warmth of the day encouraged her nipples to push against the material of her top which held her full breasts closely.
I realised I was noticing Jules in that way for the first time, possibly because of the boundaries broken the night before. She was voluptuously sexy. It was a good job I had some pants on under my shorts because Jules' body was quite arousing.
Jules turned over on to her front with her head propped up on her elbows, clearly ready to talk.
"You know, my girl, I thought I would be a bit embarrassed after last night."
Ruthie replied. "Well, a lot of things happened!"
"Yes, but I don't...I mean, I haven't got naked with many people in my life and certainly not two at once and DEFINTELY not my best mate and her boyfriend...until last night. But it's you, Ruthie...and you, Andy. I was worried that last night might change things with us, you know. It's a big deal."
"It is for us too. Andy really takes care of me and a lot of how we are is because he's always wanted me to feel really good and satisfied but also in control. We talk about stuff and if there's things we don't want to do then we don't...but we also don't mind trying other things too, and that's how last night came about."
"Why me?"
"Who else, Jules. I know we've both been cheeky and tried to get you worked up with all the sex chat but I said to Andy, I have never had any reason not to trust you completely and that, for me, extends to the physical side of things now."
Ruthie took Jules' hand and continued.
"So, you know more about us sexually than anyone else will do and you know, that I know, that you've been treated as badly as I have in the past. Look where I am and how I feel now. If we can have fun and make you realise that, even in this, you can properly feel good about being sexual with someone, then that's a good thing, right?"
"I know, my girl, and I'm so glad for you. I just...don't want a bit of fun to get in the way of you two."
"It won't, Jules, but that's why we wanted you to be with us today, so we can be around each other like we would normally do."
I didn't feel the need to speak because Ruthie and Jules were covering the ground without me needing to add more. Jules continued.
"So, Ruthie. In all honestly then, if we're getting into this, can I talk about something then?"
"Of course. Is there something you want, Jules?"
"So, OK, all the sex I've had has only ever been cock and cunt, yeah? No-one has ever been allowed to go anywhere near my bum. I didn't mind a stroke but no touching right on my..."
"Ring, Jules?"
"Yes. You did do the whole thing though, didn't you?"
"Mmm, last year with that shit, Steve, and that was because I didn't want him in my pussy. But Andy and I have done a little bit of play and it was really nice. He played with my hole and then I had two fingers, one bum and one pussy and it was REALLY nice. Not hurting or nasty...just very pleasurable, if you do it right. Gently, slowly."
"Did you come?"
"Oh yes. Very big."
"Oh...then...do you think we could try then. I think I should be open-minded."
"Andy, why don't you tell Jules about it?"
My first entry into the conversation and it was about anal sex. Par for the course really given it was us three, I guess.
"So, with Ruthie, I had a little bottle of coconut oil and used it to make her ring and my finger really well lubricated and, along with some lovely kissing and touching and teasing her pussy, I gently played with her until she let me in. I just let her control how she wanted to move. A gentle in and out movement went a long way."
Jules was clearly intrigued. "Really. Ruthie, you sure it didn't hurt?"
"Not the way Andy did it. He was so careful with me. We talk before and sometimes while we're playing so we both know where we are and I always know he will stop if I ask him. Do you want to know something though, Jules?"
"What's that?"
"The last time I stopped him was our first night as boyfriend and girlfriend and that was only because I would have fucked his brains out there and then if I didn't!"
"Oh!" says Jules "THAT good, huh?"
"That good, Jules."
"Right, shall we go back now then and get started...only kidding."
Jules let out a fruity laugh and smiled broadly while Ruthie and I laughed. Remarkably, it looked like we found a level for this alongside our friendship. That seemed quite special.
Ruthie decided she wanted an ice cream so took orders and headed off into the distance to an ice cream van, fiver in hand. Jules turned to me.
"Andy. Do you mind if I ask you what it is about Ruthie that attracted you to her?"
"Well, it wasn't an obvious match because, when we first met at Cass's, I was a confirmed virgin and she was the girl about town. Added to which, our friendship seemed to grow alongside seeing each other in various states of nakedness, so it was never a normal start. But Ruthie showed me how kind and big her heart is."
"She is devoted to people close to her."
"I know that only too well. Without any judgment, she took care of me that day when our paths crossed after Eva and I split. She saved me that day, Jules, she saved me."
"Oh Andy..."
"And we talked...lots...and frankly too. It didn't matter to me about before. From what she'd said, she'd ended up being treated so badly and I didn't want it to be like that for her. I knew by Christmas that we were so close that I could treat her well if she'd have me. That night I took her out for dinner..."
"Andy. She loved that night. You know she told me it was her best date ever?"
"Did she? Well, it was mine too. She looked...immaculate, gorgeous and I was so proud. Even now, recalling her that night...so perfect."
"So, why, by New Year's, weren't you together?"
"Because I had to be sure that, when I asked her to be with me, and it was "when" rather than "if", I was certain of that, I was doing it with a clear head...because I wanted her, needed her, and, if I'm honest, even then, I loved her."
"She was feeling strongly about you too."
"Yes. I wasn't sure exactly how she felt, although, by New Year, I really had a good idea, but she needed to have the best of me, not someone still with their mind on a previous relationship."
"Andy, that's truly beautiful. It really is."
"Thank you."
We were facing each other and smiling. No awkwardness. Just good mates talking.
"Can I say something to you, Jules?"
"Yes, Andy."
"Look, you and I know that, with the threesome thing, we're going to end up being even more intimate with each other."
"Yes. I know...and I think it will be fantastic."
"So, there's two things I ask. Firstly, if we are doing something and you're not sure about it, just say. I would find it really hard to know we've done something upsetting just because you think you should. Please say, won't you?"
"I will. Thanks, Andy."
"Secondly, don't bite my cock off!"
Jules let out a peal of laughter as I shot her a cheeky smile.
"No, seriously, I don't ever want the physical thing to disrupt your friendship with Ruthie. You mean the world to her and I know you've been there for each other when it's really mattered so our thing should stop if you feel that's affected in any way. Is that OK?"
"I understand, Andy. Thank you for caring about Ruthie and me."
More comfortable silence in the sun.
"Jules?"
"Yes, Andy."
"Can I say I thought you were really attractive last night? That little change of emphasis in your style really suits you. Alongside Ruthie, it's very gratifying that such a beautiful woman would want to be involved in this, with me, with us."
"That's a special thing to say." Jules reached across and placed a gentle kiss on my lips just as Ruthie returned with the ice creams.
"Oi, Jules, you starting on him already, haha!" Ruthie was laughing, waving the ice creams around in a way that looked rather precarious. I stood up to rescue them for human consumption.
"Your boyfriend has just said some very sweet and caring things to me. It was a sign of appreciation."
"Oh good. Andy's like that. He has a way with words to explain things."
"And he's told me not to bite his cock off!"
Ruthie shot a quick reply "Ooh yes, we need that to stay where it is, thank you!"
We laid around for a while before going for a walk. The park was surrounded by copses which were more dense the further we went up the hill on the far side of the park.
Jules noticed that, as we were walking, the number of people around reduced quite a lot -- no one fancied the hill. Suddenly, she grabbed both our hands.
"Come on, guys. I can see something."
We didn't have much time to take in where she was leading us until we began to see, through the trees, some light where there was a small clearing.
"Jules, why are we here."
"So, in the days when I was a girl guide..."
Ruthie laughed and said, "You were a WHAT?"
"Girl Guide...for about a year."
"Fuck me, I thought I knew everything about you, Jules."
"I know, my girl. What a secret to keep!" Jules smirked. "Anyway, we came camping around this area and I remembered that there were some clearings in the trees, so I thought we could find one."
"To do what, Jules?"
"This." Jules let her shirt slip down her arms onto the ground and happily peeled off the vest top she was wearing to reveal her gorgeous breasts. "Fancy a little fun?"
Ruthie took my hand. "Shall we?" she said, smiling.
"Why not, my lovely." We both joined Jules in her topless state and got into a three way cuddle, kissing each other and touching next to a tree.
Ruthie and Jules got into some kissing and touching so I walked behind Jules and got close, feeling her shape, her skin and holding her breasts, teasing her nipples with my fingers.
I could feel Jules reacting to this as her and Ruthie continued their exploration of each other's tongues so I slid my hands slowly down until I reached the top of Jules' shorts.
Jules broke away and said breathlessly. "Whatever you want, Andy. Anything."
I pushed Jules' shorts down, revealing a pair of panties that followed soon after. Jules stepped out of them.
I ran my hands slowly all the way from Jules' thighs up to her breasts and then pushed her arms up so our hands interlocked.
At that point, I felt Ruthie undoing my jeans from behind and doing to me what I did to Jules. Both of us there, our shoes the only things we had on. Our clothes strewn around us.
The feel of the air on me coupled with Jules naked was taking my arousal to new heights, my foreskin straining against the erection it now barely covered.
Jules pushed her body back into mine.
"Andy, is that your cock? Are you naked?"
"Yes, Ruthie's just stripped me." I nuzzled into Jules neck which made her moan.
"Oh, fuuuck, that's gorgeous." Jules quickly sunk to her knees and turned around.
"I love these ridges and veins on your dick, Andy." Jules was touching me with her fingertips to feel them which was making me drip and, already, the urge to thrust was rising inside me.
"I have just got to..." Jules didn't finish her sentence, instead taking my erection into her mouth straight away. Fervent, confident swoops down on my length. Her tongue running along my cock each time she took me in.
Ruthie came to my side and put her hands in my hair.
"Can you play with me while she gives you head, honey?"
Ruthie was clearly ready. Also naked but for her shoes, there was no subtlety as my hand reached Ruthie's bush and delved inside. I knew the feeling of her clit and found that fold just beneath.
Ruthie had her hand round my neck to support herself as I fingered her, occasionally giving me deep kisses and burying her face in my hair. Her cunt, luscious with her juices from the sheer turn-on of what we were doing, helped me to move from back to front, penetrating her vagina and then concentrating on her clit. Ruthie was close. She pulled herself to me.
"MmmmMMMMMMAAAAAHHH." She came with some force. Jules released me from her mouth. Ruthie got her pussy on my leg, rubbing her wetness up and down my thigh until her peak passed.
Ruthie gave me the deepest kiss and then pulled back. She whispered.
"I think Jules might like it if you fucked her, you know."
"Are you OK if I do?"
"Honey, I get you lots. I think she needs to feel what you can give her, don't you?"
Ruthie turned to Jules, who was standing there, clearly aroused, absent-mindedly playing with her bush and stroking her vulva with one hand and holding her tit with the other.
"Jules?"
"Yes, my girl." Jules looked how we all felt. Incredibly sexually aroused and full of anticipation. We were all breathing intensely because of the passion-fuelled adrenaline of being outside...naked...together...getting it on.
"Would you like Andy to fuck you...here...now?"
Jules was wide-eyed.
"What...right now? Oh, Christ, I...yes, yes!"
Jules turned round, arms stretched out in front of her against the tree and stuck her bum out. Her fulsome breasts hanging below her. Like Ruthie, Jules' pussy was wet, bathed in her own juices, her pubic hair glistening with it.
I could feel my now rock-hard cock bouncing in front of my body, it felt so full.
"Are you ready, Jules?"
"Yes, Andy. Yes."
In amongst the torrid fervency of this, I had to take a moment just to make sure I didn't hurt Jules by going too quick. I didn't have the sense of Jules' pussy in the same way as I did with Ruthie.
"Jules, tell me..."
"Andy, a little lower...ohhhhh fuck me."
She was so wet, I glided into her unhindered and very deep. This wasn't going to be gentle.
"Andy...." Jules had to gulp very few words, she was panting as soon as I was in.
"Let me have it...all of you..."
I loved the sight of me in her, her light brown back before me as I thrust into her. I ran my hands up her back to her neck and then down her sides, brushing the side of her breasts.
We moved together, the fact that we were standing and could feel the fresh air on us only made things wilder. I was thoroughly enjoying an erotic fuck with my girlfriend's best friend, with my girlfriend watching, outdoors.
"Oh, yes...fuck me hard, Andy...come in me."
I could feel Ruthie's hands on my back as I sped up. Holding Jules' hips tightly, I couldn't contain myself and fucked her with an animalistic passion.
"Jules...I'm...going...to..." The come rushed out of me into her. Jules felt it, moaning with pleasure as I continued to thrust until, eventually, I had no more and slowed down until I softened, falling out of her.
Jules turned round and held me tight. Her body close into me as she carried on taking short, sharp breaths. Ruthie moved behind her and held her so she was sandwiched between our naked bodies.
My senses were full of Jules' body breathing into mine, my cock feeling like it had been very, very stretched and, gradually, the sound of the trees and the breeze as we all stayed close together for a while.
"Jules?" I stroked her hair."
"Yes, Andy."
"Are you alright? Was that OK for you?"
"So much...so, so much."
Eventually, we separated and got ourselves dressed again.
It took a little while to find our way out of the trees as we'd obviously gone quite deeply into them.
We talked as we walked. Ruthie was frank.
"Well, I never expected an orgy in the trees today!" Jules and I laughed. "So, Jules, is my man a good fuck or what?"
"Oh, wow. I'm looking forward to more of that cock. Gorgeous."
"It's quite nice, isn't it." Ruthie giggled as she said it.
"Yes, but can I say something, my girl?"
"Yes, Jules?"
"I love you naked, Ruthie. Your body is lovely. I want to do things with you too."
Ruthie stopped and gently kissed Jules on the lips. "Thank you, Jules. For next time, yes?"
"Yes, Ruthie, for next time."
We slowly made our way back down the hill and made our way back to town in the car. We all got out to see Jules in to her house.
"Thank you so much for today, both of you. It was...fucking marvellous" Jules was genuinely really happy. She exuded it.
"Literally, Jules!" I laughed as I replied. "You know, do you remember at New Year the first conversation we had?"
"Er, remind me, Andy?"
"Outdoor sex?"
"Oh...oooh...we just..."
"Yes, and I can tell you we were a lot more brazen than I've ever been in a public place before. You were ready for it weren't you."
"Andy, I honestly didn't think about until we started walking and I realised where we were...and what we might do."
"Jules, did we do everything you wanted to do then when you thought about it?"
"More, Andy. I'd have been happy with a finger and a fondle!"
"Looks like we surprised you then! Let's do the pub soon, Jules." Ruthie added "A chance for you to tell some male vermin to fuck off next time"
"Ooh yes. I'd like that...and could we sort out another date for us 3...you know."
"We will, Jules. We will."
Much later, Ruthie and I were back in bed. We had one of those lovely slow exchanges of touches and kisses, culminating in a tingle for Ruthie and a lovely spoon cuddle.
"This afternoon couldn't have gone any better really could it, my lovely?"
"No, it was great. When you went to the loo, Jules was so complimentary about how you described getting together with me and being caring about her and the sex stuff. She was quite touched."
"Good. I wanted her to know what you meant to me and that she is important too in all this."
"I didn't necessarily think we'd end up getting physical again with her so soon."
"Ah, honey. The open air, the sunshine. Jules looked hot and, anyway, all of us got something out of it, didn't we?"
"You didn't mind that Jules and I had sex."
"Nope, it was beautiful to be a part of. I get to fuck you all the time so it's OK for her to get a little bit."
"As long as you're not worried or concerned by it, OK?"
"OK. I knew you'd be thinking about me, Andy. It's a part of why I love you."
"Today was great, but tomorrow might be harder."
"I know, let's sleep."
Easter Monday would be a busy day.
-
Leeds was a long way so, armed with a flask of tea, courtesy of Joan, and a pile of music mixes I had on cassettes to keep us amused. Ruthie and I hit the road around 8.30 on Bank Holiday Monday to go and get Hannah.
Bearing in mind how well I'd come to know Roberta, Hannah was a bit of an enigma. Ruthie didn't talk about her too much so 5 hours in a car was the ideal time to find out a little more.
It transpired that there was a bit of antagonism between Ruthie and Hannah around exam time in school as there was only one year between them. Hannah had been a bit smarmy about the fact she'd done well and Ruthie's grades were below hers the following year. This was compounded when Ruthie left school and went to work in the supermarket.
In fact, things only improved when Hannah left school and did what amounted to two years out in the big, wide world before she started at Leeds University.
I only saw how they were at Christmas and everything seemed to be cordial but, again, not the same bond for Ruthie that there was with Roberta.
On the way up...
"So, how do you feel about us going to get Hannah, my lovely."
"Oh, it's really important that we do it, honey, and I'm so glad we offered. The little bit I knew about Hannah's bloke was that it was all perfect at Christmas so I guess we'll find out when we get there."
"The difference between you and Rob and you and Hannah is so marked, it's surprising for me, as an only child, to see that, I guess."
"Yes, well, Hannah puts on a great act. A "life is wonderful, I can handle it all" kind of thing even though her second year out of Uni was to earn back some of the money she'd blown in her first year."
"Really."
"Yep, overdraft of gigantic proportions for her and she did any savings she had too. Dad was furious with her because him and Mum had given her some money to see her through to earning on her year out and she burned through that too."
"Did she get herself sorted out then?"
"Just about. She hasn't got a lot of cash. Student grant and I think she gathered a few hundred together after clearing what she owed. It brought her back into reality a bit."
Ruthie thought for a moment before continuing.
"The thing is, honey, she's my sister, and I might not be that close to her, but I don't want her to be upset or hurt so the fact we're doing this today means there's something seriously wrong and I don't want that for her."
"I understand, Ruthie. We'll get her home today."
We let the miles pass by after that with chat and raucous singing on some good tracks and even a little education for Ruthie on good music from the 60's, seeing as her Mum and Dad lived it. A fun trip.
The roads were kind to us. We got to where Hannah was, in a street of terraced houses a mile or two outside Leeds city centre around 1pm. We knocked on her door and were confronted with a very different Hannah to the one I'd seen at Christmas.
"Oh Ruthie. I'm so glad to see you."
She immediately hugged Ruthie and cried her heart out into her shoulder. We walked her into the living room of what was clearly a student house that was divided into flats. There were boxes of stuff, which I assumed to be Hannah's, in the hallway.
Ruthie eventually settled Hannah down a bit, enough for her to speak. Her normally well made-up face was reddened and her eyes were still full of tears.
"Andy, do you mind if we just load up and go? I really don't want to be here a minute longer than I have to."
"Of course. It's been that bad?"
"Andy, it's been horrible fucking nasty shit and it's all to do with that bastard."
She points up to a door at the top of the stairs which, I would find out very soon, was the room her and her ex shared. Ruthie looked at me and she was a little teary too having seen her sister in such a state. We agreed that Hannah just needed to identify what needed to come, I would load up and we could get on our way.
Ruthie made a call home from the phone in the house to check in with Joan and Gerry and assure them everything was in hand. I got the car loaded and Ruthie took Hannah around the house to make sure everything of hers was in the car. Apart from gathering a couple of books, we had it all. Ruthie cleverly made sure some of Hannah's cushions and blankets were to hand for her in the back seat. We got her in the car.
"Thanks for coming to get me, you too."
"It's OK, Hannah. We'll get you home. Just rest."
I closed the door and Hannah immediately put a pillow up against it and stretched out. By the time I walked around to get in the driver's seat, her eyes were already closed. Ruthie looked at me and I hugged her. She whispered to me.
"I can't get over how upset she is, Andy. It's awful."
"Let's head off and maybe she'll talk a little when she's ready and had a rest."
We just drove and left the music off. We were on the motorway before too long and Ruthie reached across to hold my hand. She was deep in thought.
"Andy."
"Yes."
"Today I feel like the older sister. For the first time, I feel like the one who has it all sorted."
"Maybe right now you do."
About an hour later, Hannah woke up.
"I'm really sorry. I was just so tired."
Ruthie turned in her seat to face her. "That's no problem, Han. Are you OK?"
"I'm just glad to be away from that house now."
Over the next hour, we found out what had happened. Hannah was with Julian, a student in his second year who she'd met in the Student Union in October. A fast-paced affair resulted in her being besotted with him by Christmas and then giving up her place in halls to move in with him pretty much straight after her return from home after Christmas.
She thought everything was going fine. His course, Computer Sciences, would mean he'd spend some evenings in the computer labs at Leeds, supposedly. Far from the truth in the end, which Hannah discovered about two weeks previously when she came back from a cancelled lecture to walk in on Julian on their bed mid-shag with one of the other students on the course. Hannah recognised her as someone she'd met not long after they got together.
So, after Hannah apparently shouted this other girl out of the house, still putting her clothes on, she tore into Julian and found out that, far from being a one-off, this girl had been an on-off thing for some months, even before he got together with Hannah.
The icing on the shit cake was that he spent Christmas at home in Manchester and she lived there too. They'd been going at it regularly during the holidays.
Hannah was tearful a number of times as she related all this to us. She'd had the presence of mind to get in touch with her tutors on her course. Thankfully, she had sorted herself and attended all the lectures in the second term and caught up on what she missed from the first so she was, at least, coming home knowing she wasn't going to miss too much essential work.
After a while, Hannah turned the subject to us and took a deeper interest in what was happening with Ruthie. This lightened the mood considerably and, along with sticking the music back on once we were sure Hannah had said everything she wanted to without being interrupted, the last hour or so went by quickly.
We got back to the Davis house just after 7.30. Joan and Gerry were quick to answer the door. Ruthie got Hannah in while Gerry and I emptied my car.
"Thanks for the money for the petrol, Gerry."
"No, thank you for taking the time to get Hannah home. Do you think she's alright?"
"To be honest, I think she might feel a little vulnerable so being back at home is the right thing for a while now."
"Mmm, well she can be at home now. Thanks again anyway."
Ruthie and I decided it was best for me to head off so Hannah could get settled back at home.
Easter weekend was certainly not as we might have expected it to be, in any way.
-
Hannah had felt the benefit of being back at home and, according to Ruthie, was very different, even compared to Christmas. She even went so far as to apologise to Ruthie for what she'd said when Ruthie had left school. Ruthie and Hannah were cultivating the strongest relationship they'd ever had with each other.
Roberta had returned, by herself, the weekend after Easter, just for a couple of days. She'd come back as soon as she could after hearing about Hannah and she had a surprise for Ruthie.
Roberta had decided that it was unfair for her to still have the biggest bedroom as she wasn't there much now so offered it to Ruthie, along with her bed. Ruthie was over the moon and I must admit I was pleased too. It was a very gracious thing to do.
I'd been invited round on the Saturday by Ruthie. It was a family day but Joan and Gerry had decided that, especially as I'd played a major part in getting Hannah home and everybody got on with me, that I should be there on the Saturday. It was a very kind thought.
By the time I got there, Roberta and Ruthie had already had great fun swapping everything over and Hannah, who had really felt the benefit of being at home, was assisting too.
It was a noisy house I turned up to on Saturday lunchtime. Joan answered the door. The hi-fi was going with some of Gerry's records and I could hear all three sisters chatting away upstairs.
Joan calls up
"Ruthie, your lovely man is here!"
I hear footsteps making their way but it's Hannah who comes charging down the stairs and gives me a big hug and a kiss on the cheek.
"Andy, Andy, I just had to get in first and properly say thank you for getting me home. I've had the best week back here and I know from Ruthie you didn't hesitate to offer. Thank you. It means a lot"
She didn't give me time to reply and instead planted a smacker on my lips and ran off back upstairs. Ruthie stood halfway down the stairs, smiling.
"Honey, as you'll see, my middle sister has found herself a bit this week."
"Mmm, it appears so. Tea?"
We headed into the kitchen and got the kettle on.
"Room sorted, my lovely?"
"Oh yes! Roberta has left some of her stuff for me to have if I want it and even Hannah has had a clearout and given me some bits. You see, now you can stay in MY bed."
Ruthie kissed me and draped her arm over my shoulder while I made the tea.
"I thought we might celebrate my new room tonight, honey. Interested?"
"Always, Ruthie." I gave her a big smile and returned the kiss. Lovely woman.
Meanwhile, we all decided to go down to the Lake Park together. Once we got there, everyone was chatting and, as in Bristol, Roberta and I dropped behind a little to chat, her arm in mine.
"Really nice to see you, Rob. That was a very nice thing you did for Ruthie."
"Well, I'm not planning to be coming back on a permanent basis."
"OK, does that mean things are good with Terri? You were on the cusp of a romance there?"
"Andy, yes, we're still feeling our way but I'm moving in with her soon and we've both decided to take the summer to see if "Rob and Terri" works, if you know what I mean."
"I do. It's a big step. What's your thoughts on your Mum and Dad with it?"
"Ah well, there's a bit of stuff not being said on both sides at the moment. I think Mum's a bit disappointed that I'm not back for longer and Dad, I think, has a feel for what might be a thing with Terri but he's not certain enough to come out with it."
"Do you need help with moving?"
"Oh Andy. I'm not putting you through that. Moving one sister on an emergency basis was enough, let alone both! You're very sweet to offer though."
"Well, if you do need it, let Ruthie know. By the way, her work is looking good at the moment." Ruthie was slowly taking on more responsibility at the supermarket and it was having a positive effect.
"Isn't it? I'm so pleased. I'm kind of hoping they'll start to train her up more. She likes the whole managing people thing, I think."
We re-joined the group and no-one has any cheeky or feisty remarks to make about us talking or being arm-in-arm while doing it. In fact, Hannah comes across and grabs my other arm.
"Well, her sisters might as well make use of these arms while Ruthie's not using them."
"Oi, you cheeky cows. Leave my man alone."
"Don't worry we won't break him." Hannah shouts back.
Hannah was a different woman, I remarked on it to her. "You're in cheery mood, Hannah. Big change this week then."
"Well, that's what escaping a rotten fucker does for you!"
Enough said.
The rest of the day went along with walking some more, tea and board games round the kitchen table and some fish and chips. Eventually, early evening, Ruthie took me up to her new room.
"Well, this is recently familiar, isn't it?"
"Yes, honey, but now it's mine. Rob's so kind." Ruthie surveyed her new room sitting crosslegged on her bed.
I agreed. "She is, and she seems happy."
"Yes, but the next few months will be telling."
"So, nice room, my lovely."
"Do you want to help me get comfortable in it?"
"Yes, any particular requests?"
Ruthie pulled off the sweatshirt she'd been wearing all day and exposed her gorgeous breasts.
"Honey, you know what I like."
I happily obliged, laying her back on the bed so I could be above her, kissing, caressing, touching and licking her nipples. Gently sucking on them to arouse them. Letting my tongue trace round the bottom of each breast.
I kissed my way down to her bellybutton and then slightly below. Ruthie was wearing jeans today and, whilst her laying on the bed, topless in jeans, was a very sexy sight for me, I decided to undo her button and unzip her. This opened up a lovely area of warm skin which I teased and touched very slowly. Ruthie was rubbing her legs together.
I got up, removed my shirt and then lay on her. My face was close enough to hers to feel her breath on my face. Her hands rested on my shoulder blades. We stared into each other eyes, making contact with cheeks, nose, forehead, chin. I loved us being this close. So delicate, intimate.
"Honey, I want to find another time when we can spend a day together, doing this, being close, trying things."
"I would really love that."
"I'll find out what Mum and Dad have coming up. I like it when we have time."
"I know, it's precious isn't it. Is there something you would like to do now, before I leave you."
"You decide, honey. It's all fabulous anyway."
I kissed back down her body, all the way to the line of her knickers. Slowly I removed her jeans, peeling them back over her legs. Her ankles rested on my shoulders, her knees slightly bent. She looked so beautiful, her skin smooth and pale. My hands glided along her skin, all the way from her ankles, along her legs, around her hips and up her body, coming to rest on her breasts.
Ruthie's eyes were closed, her lips slightly parted, her hands behind her head. She stretched herself out and relaxed, enjoying my touch. I gently stroked her knickers. They were thin enough that I could feel her labia beneath...but I didn't remove them. My finger traced from front, over the gentle texture of the lips below, round behind to her bum.
I held the waistband of her knickers. She opened her eyes, looked at me and raised her hips. I slowly removed them, discarding them as I took in her beautiful body, the darkness of her bush contrasting with her pale skin.
With them removed, her legs rested back on my shoulders and chest. My hand fell back to her pubic hair. The increase in her sensitivity made her legs part slightly. I touched her perineum, her legs slid down my sides and were wide, so much so that her labia parted slightly. I touched them, gently, and could feel her moistness.
Ruthie moved her legs so her feet were on my chest. This opened her labia even more and raised her hips. I could see her ring.
"Wait a moment, honey."
She reached into her bedside drawer and produced a small bottle and handed it to me. Coconut oil.
"You know what to do, honey...please."
I poured some drops into the cap and moistened a fingertip with it. I gently massaged her perineum, introducing some oil onto her anus.
She took a deep breath and reached for her thighs. I was in no doubt what Ruthie wanted me to do. Her ring slightly shining with the exposure to light and the film of oil.
"I'm ready for you, honey."
My heart was beating. I took a breath before I continued. I was so completely taken over by what was going to happen, I had no awareness of how aroused my penis was. All I could think about was pleasing her.
It felt like every step I took was so slow. It needed to be right for her.
My oiled finger pushed onto her opening.
I enjoyed how a little massage on her opening clearly got Ruthie going.
I felt her give way.
A little more pressure, and with a deep intake of breath and an "oooh" from Ruthie, my finger began to enter her.
She murmured her pleasure. I was careful, slight movements. I laid one hand on her thigh as, slowly...slowly, my finger passed her ring. The tightness of it compressed my finger as I penetrated her bum a little more, a little deeper.
Ruthie was consumed by short, quiet, sharp breaths as I moved in further.
I slowly began to move in and out of her anus.
"Put your feet back on my chest, my lovely."
She did so but it took her a while to speak. She was clearly submitting to the feelings of me inside her this way, much more intensely than Valentines weekend. Much more sensuality.
"Thank...you...oh...don't...don't stop. I can take...a bit...faster...if you want."
Witt her feet back on me, my other hand was free. Her parted labia were an invitation. I stroked them, eliciting more murmurs from Ruthie. The juices her lips were giving up allowed me to gently push between them, the warmth and wetness beneath felt so soft.
I carefully entered deep into her welcoming vagina with two fingers. Gradually, I built a gentle opposing rhythm with both hands, one going in as the other retracted. Ruthie moved with the rhythm.
She laid her hands flat on the bed to hold herself in place while she gave in to the abandon of deep sexual pleasure.
I changed gradually to both fingers going in at the same time. Ruthie started to lose control. Her whole body just pushing towards my hands with every deep entry.
She stared directly at me and whispered.
"Yes...make me...make me yours...make me come."
I increased in pace and, in her vagina, I started to apply pressure to where I thought her spot was -- the point where my cock in her would make her come with me in her.
Her arm reached for a pillow and I could hear her shouting "Yes" into it, still forcing her hips onto my hands.
Suddenly, with one movement, her hips rose, the pillow she had flies off the bed and her mouth opens wide but no sound came out, instead panting noiselessly with the rhythm.
She tensed completely for a moment, her body rigid, her feet so firmly against me, I leaned into her to stop her pushing me backwards.
A high pitched "Oooooohhhhhoooowwwwwhhh".
She sank down, breathlessly, staring at me again. Her legs fell of me to either side, her body falling away from my fingers.
I leaned over on top of her. Her hands touched my face.
"Honey?"
"Yes, my lovely."
"Oh fuck...that was so fucking dirty and sexy and naughty...it was gorgeous. I want more of that. I love you playing with my bum so much."
"Well, the bottle of oil was a nice surprise."
"I bought it a little while ago after our last little...adventure."
"So, you'll be hoping we get to use that again."
"Very much, honey, very much."
We took our time to get cleaned up and I helped Ruthie get some clothes on again. After we held each other for a while, we got ourselves together and I headed home, barely able to comprehend properly just how sexual we had been...and what the progression from that would be.
As intimate as it was possible for us to get.