This is planned to be a series of stories related to each other. They are not in any particular chronological order and each is planned to be able to stand alone. All characters are over the age of 18.
-----------------------------
When Lisa came home from work she normally cut through the neighborhood high school. It wasn't her old school as she went to private school, but it was the center of a lot of neighborhood activity. The campus consisted of several buildings. The main building was in the front. Attached to it in the rear was the gym. There was a very classroom building with a courtyard overlooking a hill and the river. In the back was a utility building. Behind that building was a driveway to an apartment building that was two doors from Lisa's house.
One night she was coming back at around 11:30 PM. She never saw anyone when she cut through the closed school. She was depressed and horny -- a dangerous combination. She started thinking of her naked runs in her yard. They she started thinking about what it would be like to be naked around the high school. She couldn't get the idea out of her mind.
She knew the campus very well as it was one of the places where she and her friends played when they were kids. She started thinking about how to go about this. The classroom building had a cafeteria in the basement and there were window wells to let light in. On one side of the building, past the courtyard, there was a window well about seven feet down and about fifteen feet long. There was a metal railing at the top so nobody could fall into it. There was a grate over the windows so they could not be opened but it enabled someone to use it to climb out. She had played down there and one time she had to be helped out because her arms were not strong enough to climb up the grate. She was young then so that was not a problem. Around the corner there was another window well, but it was much longer going half the length of the building. It was only about five feet deep and there was a large heating pipe that went along it. Unlike the other one there were stairs going down there. She thought that the window well with the stairs might be a good place to take off and leave her clothes as they would be accessible but kind of hard to see because of the heating pipe. It would be pretty terrible if someone found her clothes and took them leaving her naked.
She went down the steps and took off all of her clothes, even her shoes. She loved how much more naked she felt barefoot. She slowly crept up the steps and looked around. Not a soul in sight. There were houses up on a rise across the parking lot and there weren't even many lights on that she could see, but most of the houses were shielded by trees and shrubs. She stayed close to the building and went around to the other side. Each step further from her clothes caused the butterflies in her stomach to flutter anew. She walked past the other window well and stopped at the archway that led to a courtyard that sat at the top of a hill overlooking a creek and some athletic fields. No one was near, but the courtyard was well lit. She waited a long time, shivering even though it was not cold, contemplating moving into the lit courtyard in her naked state. Finally she ran. The courtyard was fairly large and she ran to the archway at the other end, nearly collapsing out of breath more from her fear than from the run. Her bare feet felt each step on the brick surface.
She waited in the shadow of the second archway for her heart to stop racing. When she calmed down a bit it hit her how far she was from her clothes. She started to look around. There was a locked door on one side leading into the classroom building and a locked door on the other side leading into a large classroom. Beyond that was the other entrance to the archway that led to the gymnasium building and the other end of the classroom building.
She resolved to go all the way around the building to get back to her clothes rather than to go back. It seemed more dangerous as she would be exposed in the empty parking lot and any car that happened along or any person would see her. The risk excited her more. After peering out for some time she went through the other side of the archway and turned to go around the classroom building. She stopped at the end and peered around the corner. The window well was there but the stairway down to it was a long way off. At this point her legs were shaking from excitement.
That gave her an idea. A perverted idea it seemed to her. She would crawl on her hands and knees along this side of the building to get back to her clothes. It would make it a little less obvious that there was a naked girl on the campus. It would slow her down. Even though being far from her clothes made her fearful and she wanted to get to them, she was also turned on and didn't want the feeling to end. Conflicted? Sure. And who crawls? Submissive sluts. Worthless, degraded people. She wanted to feel that too.
As she started crawling along the side of the building and along the window well, there were other feelings. The feel of the hard parking lot surface on her palms, fingers, toes and knees reminded her how naked she was. She almost felt like she was going to orgasm from the feeling. As she approached the halfway mark she thought of how vulnerable she was. If a car drove into the parking lot (the police!) or someone walked in, maybe cutting through like she did or maybe some teens drinking beer like she used to do when she was younger, she would have to get up and either proceed to her clothes or back away from them exposing herself for a distance. Barefoot, if they gave chase she could not get away very fast. Not that she was very fast to begin with. A car she would see coming because of the lights and sound but she might not hear someone walking. Or on a bike. She remembered that she used to bike through there herself. Paranoid, she started looking all around which slowed her down even more.
What is she were caught? She could be arrested. Handcuffed naked. Her parents would be notified. Or she could get raped. Or blackmailed. If anyone she knew saw her she couldn't explain this. She would be humiliated and her life would be ruined. What if they took pictures of her naked? And posted them on the internet? Or on her social media? With her name and information about her? She was even closer to coming. She was a bit more than halfway to the stairway when she couldn't take it anymore. She rolled over on her back, but her feet on the brick wall of the building and started rubbing her clit. She felt the hard surface of the parking lot on her back and the brick of the building on her sensitive feet. And she almost immediately came, muffling her sighs.
She laid there for a few minutes, too exhausted to continue. Then she realized that she was lying naked in the open in a parking lot where if anyone came by she would be discovered. She got up and scurried to the stairway and went down. She sat on the bottom step and collected herself. After a while she stopped hyperventilating. But she was still turned on. She laid facedown on the dirty concrete floor of the window well. She could feel the concrete, dirt and leaves on her cheek, her chest and breasts and her thighs. She bent her legs up at the knees and brought her hand around to rub her clit again. She felt so naked. She felt so slutty. She felt so submissive. She stuck out her tongue and licked the filthy concrete floor. Again she almost immediately came. Again muffing any sound coming from her. She laid flat on the ground for a while trying to calm down, reveling in the feeling of being naked and laying flat on the dirty floor.
When the feeling passed she thought that she shouldn't press her luck. She quickly got dressed and went back up the steps. Even though she was clothed, she still looked around to see if there as anything amiss. She didn't want to explain to anyone why she had been down there -- or to have contact with anyone who might have seen her show.
She headed around the maintenance building in the back, want through a hole in the fence and went home. The whole way home she was looking around and imagining more naked adventures. Every nook and cranny was a potential place to hide naked or ditch clothes. She would be revisiting this sort of adventure again. No one was home, but she took a shower and went to bed, to exhausted even to masturbate. Although she made up for that in the morning.