Sometimes I lay on the couch. I relax there. It's comfortable.
It's hot, so I take off my shirt and my bra and allow the fan's cool breeze to waft over my body, hardening my nipples ever so slightly. I lay there wearing only my skirt, underwear discarded along with my bra. The fabric of my skirt rides up. My white, milky thighs are exposed. I bend my legs, placing my feet flat on the couch and my skirt slides up just a little more allowing my bare ass to receive more of the cool breeze. I close my eyes and allow my knees to fall apart. The sensation makes me smile.
I imagine someone, a stranger, stopping by my house. I don't hear an engine or a car door. I'm in my own world. I reach down and caress the hairless outer lips of my pussy. The skin is cool to the touch.
I picture him ascending the ramp in front of my house. His head turns and glances in the window expecting to see a set of closed mini blinds. He stops and look harder, moving closer to the window. Through the gauzy green curtains trying their hardest to block my living room from the outside world, he sees me, laying on the couch naked, save for the skirt that is doing absolutely nothing to cover my most private areas.
My finger dips into the slit. Inside is soft and warm and wet. I find my clit rub it slowly, but firmly, in circular motions. My legs spread further and a my mouth opens slightly as I rub more intensely, more quickly, back arching, hips raising to meet my own hand.
I imaging my voyeur struggling to see from the sunlight. He cups his hands around his eyes to block out the sun. He is glued to the window and cannot look away. He wants to miss nothing, but there is a growing hardness that cannot be ignored. He moves one hand away from the window and is happy to find that the sunlight does not impede his view. Reaching down, he undoes his pants and pulls out his cock, still half soft but rapidly becoming harder under the visual stimulation.
Eyes still closed, lost in my imagination, I reach over and pick up my favorite dildo and turn it on. The vibrator hums beautifully and I lick my lips in anticipation. With my other hand I reach down and spread my pussy, exposing my entire cunt to my observer. The cool breeze from the fan feels even cooler from my wetness, and I shiver ever so slightly from the feeling.
I press the hard toy to my waiting hole and push. The vibrator is like thunder through my body. I pull it out slowly and push again, letting out a moan in pleasure. I wonder if he could hear me.
Holding the dildo firmly and deeply in my pulsing pussy, I reach over and feel around for my smaller vibrator, picking it up and pushing it's on button - once, twice, three times - to turn it all the way up. I touch it to my clit. I moan again and begin to fuck myself with the dilido that's vibrating in my pussy.
Out and in, out and in, pressing it as deep as I can to feel it vibrating against my G-spot. I pick up the pace. Faster and faster I fuck myself, the small vibrator still on my clit. I'm moaning regularly now. I can feel myself getting close.
I imagine the man at my window stroking his cock; watching me as I fuck myself, watching me as I pound my pussy, watching my hips begin to buck up against my own hand, wishing it was him inside me instead of this toy.
I can feel the pressure building up inside me, and suddenly it erupts. My juices begin to pour out of me like a lava from a molten-hot volcano. Still I continue to fuck myself. Still I keep the vibrator pressed to my clit. Harder and faster I pound my pussy. I feel the pressure building and I cum again, harder this time. I can feel the couch begin to moisten under my naked ass.
I picture him still watching me, unable to believe that after cumming twice, I'm still fucking myself with this dildo. The image of someone watching me turns me on and I keep fucking myself until my body begins to convulse and I cum again, this time pulling out the dildo and allowing myself to squirt ever so slightly. I'll have a bit of a mess to clean up, but my imaginary voyeur at my window just got a hell of a show.
I turn my toys off and lay them back on the coffee table, eyes still closed and coming down from my orgasms. I sigh with contentment.
There's a knock at my door, and my eyes pop open, immediately flying to my window. I see no one. I hear another knock, and stand up. Grabbing the blanket off the back of the couch, I wrap it around myself and open the front door.
A man is standing there, a stranger.
"Nice show," he says. "Need some help?" And he pushes his way into my house.