I'm meeting up with Mac later, my friend, my Pimp, my lover, my bull stud and my sexual confidante, where we'll be out and about for roughly an hour then back home to the luxury of my bedroom for some serious sexual antics while a selective small audience watches my sexual devouring.
I'm standing here waiting for Mac to pick me up, dressed just as he instructed for our night of sexual mayhem.
Silver strappy spiked high heel shoes, silver shiny latex tiny bikini with tie sides, a pair of Black opera gloves and covered by a long black soft leather mac. The bikini bottoms are so small and tight you can visibly see the shape and contours of my shaved pussy. It barely covers my pussy lips and I think with just a little movement this thing will part my lips very easily and rub deliciously against my clitoris. I have a shiny silver camel toe my husband is desperate to touch but for it's out of bounds. The bikini top is little more than two thin silver triangles which barely cover my newly pierced nipples and almost hold up my firm jutting breasts. I looked at my reflection for some time in the mirror and it may be conceited but I do look incredibly hot. The whole outfit and my curvy figure aroused even myself and at this moment my sexual desire is burning.
Mac told me that we are to go into a supermarket where I am to do some discrete flashing, then we are to go to some rough dive bar where I'm to do some more flashing, then get very daring as we leave the dive. Then finally I'm to sit in the car without the coat on, wearing only my racy outfit with most of my naked body on full display for the journey back to my house, where I will get out of my car wearing my thong bikini, gloves and high heels, then go into the house where Mac will fuck me in front of Jim in the lounge then will take my ass later in my marital bed! The exhibitionist in me is loving this, as is the sub in me. Jim is enjoying the cuckold aspect so much in fact that he has been sporting a hard on since well before I got ready. He watched me shower earlier as I teased him what I was going to do this evening with Mac and what I was going to let him do to me. Jim has been begging to fuck me all day but I wouldn't even let him touch me. I've been tormenting him sexually all day, which means sexually tormenting me also. Even more so when I shaved my pussy in front of him and told him how Macs cock would be sliding in and out of my pussylips, riding my pussy and coming deep inside me. I drove him insane when I let him help me with my enema. I let Jim slide the nozzle inside my ass as the warm liquid poured inside my asshole. I kept the liquid inside for one full minute, then I let the liquid evacuate. I dried my cleansed ass and I exposed my gaping asshole and told Jim that Mac loves to fuck my clean tight hole. Pre cum was oozing out of Jim's cock and I instructed him that he wasn't to cum as he needed to save it up for me until Mac had finished with my body later. Jim was allowed to place some anal on his finger and make sure my asshole was fully lubed, then to get me ready and tie me into the tiny shiny bikini, though I made him take his time and make sure the camel-toe was nice and defined for my lover. I informed Jim that it wouldn't just be me him and Mac, that I'd also invited one of the neighbours along.
Jim froze with fear and asked who I'd invited.
I reassured him that the invitee had seen me naked with Mac and had slipped a finger inside me and was sworn to secrecy.
Jim had no clue who else would be attending andI would not reveal my victim, thus tormenting my hubby just a little more.
I'd actually invited Dave our neighbour. I told him yesterday to come along, but insisted that he can't fuck me, but I will gave him a blow job and I'll swallow his cum! I'd invited him over yesterday on the the pretence of doing an odd job for me.
Dave's face was a picture when I opened my front door.
I was dressed in a really short tight clingy dress with no underwear underneath, thrusting my full breasts and ample hips out toward him. I invited him into the lounge and seated him on the sofa. I sat on the chair opposite. I began to detail him about what was planned and that he could take part but that there were ground rules as previously stated.
I began crossing and uncrossing my legs during our conversation exposing my bald pussy to Dave throughout.
When he agreed to my rules for the evening I got up and escorted him to the door.
My tight clinging dress had rode up my thighs somewhat almost exposing my pussylips.
Before I opened the door I stroked his crotch and his cock grew rapidly and I have to admit it seemed a fairly impressive package. Smiling at him as I rubbed his cock, Dave asked if he could touch me and I said we'll see how the night goes, but he was allowed to take some photographs as long as he kept them to himself. Dave nodded in agreement and shakily brushed his hand over my breast sheathed in the shiny tight dress. My nipple pinged to attention as his shaking hand caressed my breast. My mouth opened slightly as my glossed lips parted and a soft moan emanated from my made up lips. His hand moved tentatively down the strained fabric of the dress and smoothed over my pussy mound. The hairless mound rested in his palm as he gently stroked my shaved slit. My dress rode up due to its tightness exposing my smooth crack to Dave's hands as he slid a finger in my slit, titillating my opening delightfully.
"You want to fuck this pussy don't you?" I teased
Nodding his head he stuck a second finger inside me. I began to rock slowly on his strong hand as he began to bring me off. His fingers wiggled inside me deliciously as his other hand pawed my breast. Dave was quite skilled in this and I decided that at a later date I would fuck Dave one day whilst Jim is at work.
"Imagine your fingers are your cock inside my tight pussy!" I insisted.
Dave brought me to a delicious orgasm and I gave him a soft tongued kiss with his finger still inside my dripping pussy.
"You'll enjoy it even more tomorrow night. Be here for 9:00pm as that's when the fucking starts!"
"I can't wait!" Dave said "Would you model for my camera club?" he enquired and without pausing he continued "We'll pay you well!" He exclaimed
"Tell you what Dave, one day next week I'll model for you in some stockings and erotic underwear and we'll do some nude shots. How does that sound?" I encouraged already planning to fuck Dave next week.
"It sounds like heaven!" he smiled coyly
"And if I turn out to be a sexy model I'll pose for your camera club. Who knows we may even have a little party afterwards!" I teased.
Sliding his fingers out of my hole, he kissed me gently then scurried to his house to obviously bring himself off.
Aroused and contented I closed the door thinking Dave could be a very handy obedient cock to have around.
I was still reminiscing about Dave as Jim began pacing the floor with anticipation, awaiting Mac to pull up and take me on our sexual escapade. I opened my coat giving Jim one last look of my smooth taut body, framed in the tiny silver bikini as we heard a car pull up outside our drive.
Mac gave one toot of the horn as I gave Jim a peck on the cheek and made my way to the door. Opening the door I saw that night had fallen on this cool autumn evening. I brazenly slid the coat off my shoulders and walked to Macs car in just my gloves and bikini. My breasts and hips swayed as the bikini bottoms began to separate my ever swelling pussylips. My nipples were straining against the thin silver fabric, outlining their prominent shape with the pierced bolts. Mac smiled at my bravado then looked stunned as I scooped my tits out of the silver triangles. The cool night air and my state of arousal stiffened my nipples to full tension as the cold air enthused through the metal piercings. I opened Mac's passenger door, placed my coat on the seat and clambered seductively into the car in my state of dress or rather state of undress. Mac leant forward and gave me a soft tender kiss.
"You look even better than I imagined!" Mac complimented.
"Glad you like and you know me, I'm only too happy to oblige. I've invited my neighbour Dave round when we get back to mine, but Jim has no idea!"
"Poor Jim, he has to watch his wife get fucked by strangers and now the neighbour is in on the act. Will he fuck you also?"
"I promised him a blowjob, but if he behaves himself or rather doesn't behave himself I might just have to get double teamed!"
"Well your ass is mine but I won't object to him having a go on your pussy!"
"Why don't you fuck my ass and Dave fuck my pussy while I torment Jim!"
"I think that, sounds good plus we wont let Jim touch you or allow him to touch himself!"
"That sounds really cruel and a lot of fun. Poor Jim is going to get tormented to death tonight I'm that horny!"
Mac pulled the thin strap of silver material between my slit till it rubbed against my clitoris, exposing my hood. I panted involuntarily as he moved the material back and forth over my clit, gently rotating my hips, enjoying the materials sexual contact.
"You're such a slut!" Mac smiled as he brought me to orgasm.
"Yes and I'm your slut!" I panted.
Putting his car into gear he drove away from my house and out of my street. As my orgasm waned
I placed my high heeled feet on his dashboard and opened my legs as wide as the car would allow. The silver strand of material had disappeared inside my cunt now and was playing havoc with my clitoris. I reclined the passenger seat slightly and arched my back, thrusting my almost covered breasts skywards. Mac placed his masculine hand on my outer thigh and deftly stroked my smooth glossy leg. His fingers gently brushed my outer thigh making their way to my inner thigh. I prised my legs a little further open, tilting my body toward him to give him access to my silver sheathed slit. His fingers stroked my clitoris over the flimsy covering material as my hips slowly rotated to his trembling fingers. He removed his hand as he placed it on his indicator stick and turned into what turned out to be a Sainsbury's Supermarket car park. Parking his car almost at the door he said
"Get your coat on and we'll pop in for a few bottles of wine and a little bit of flashing perhaps!"
I placed my gloved arms inside the leather coat and did up the top two buttons. My cleavage thrust upward in the leather confines as I opened the door placing a silver high heel onto the pavement. Getting out of the car I turned the collar on the leather coat upwards and headed toward the entrance closely followed by Mac. Once inside the door Mac handed me a twenty pound note.
"For the wine and anything else that catches your eye!"
We walked into the store and the first section was fruit and vegetables. I smiled as I picked up a nice long cucumber. Gliding my gloved hand up and down the length of the cucumber, Mac smiled at me suggestively. I looked over at what appeared to be the straightest bunch of Bananas I'd ever seen. Scooping up the bunch of bright yellow cocks I placed them in my basket along with the cucumber. We moved along to the wines and spirits and picked up two cheap bottles of white wine. As we passed the toiletries section I noticed a family sized bottle of Baby oil and placed it into the basket. We headed to the check outs to pay for these and lo and behold there was a young student type guy working the checkout. I placed the articles on his conveyor belt and moved level with him.
"Do you need any help with the packing?" The young guy asked.
I undid the two buttons on the coat and leant forward slightly exposing my almost naked form.
"I do like to be helped getting my stuff packed!" I teased "That would be delightful!" I softly said to the young man.
His faced blushed and his hands began to tremble as he swiped the goods and placed them in the bag all the while sneaking glances at my partially clad body.
It was at this point that he realised that the goods going into the carrier bag were all of a sexual nature. His face went purple!
I thanked him ever so seductively for packing the bags and handed the money over to him. As he turned away from me to open his cash register, I pulled my tits out of the bikini top, exposing my erect pierced nipples. He looked up to give me my change and his chin almost hit the floor. He placed the money into my gloved hand as he stared at my erect nipples. Putting the money in my pocket, I blew him a kiss and thanked him. Picking up the bag, I closed my coat and headed to the exit. Mac was smiling behind me and said.
"That guy almost lost his load you teased him so brilliantly!"
"I'm so horny after that!" I stated.
There was an older guy working at the exit, greeting people as they came in to the store. As I approached him my coat fell open,showing my exposed breasts and almost covered shaved pussy.
The older guy looked at my display and smiled.
"Thanking you for shopping at Sainsbury's. Please call again!" he smiled
I actually blushed slightly as I winked at him and made my way out of the exit, ensuring he got a good ogle of my body. As I left the entrance I turned toward the older guy and opened my coat fully and gave him a long hard look at my almost there silver bikini. I swayed my hips and felt my breasts jiggle as I blew him a kiss and went on my way.
Mac was roaring with laughter as we made our way back to the car.
As I climbed into the passenger seat I could feel the rush of adrenalin coursing through my body.
"Are you ready for the next phase?" Mac questioned.
"I'm ready for some cock!"
"There'll be plenty of cock for you before the night is over!"
"Bring it on!" I panted almost breathless with sexual excitement.
Mac laughed as he dove his car away from the supermarket and headed out toward the docks area of town. After about five minutes Mac's car pulled up outside the Crown and Anchor, easily one of the sleaziest bars on the dockside which was notorious for Hookers and Strippers. Mac parked the car and we both got out of the vehicle and headed into the dive bar. My coat was fully buttoned as we went up to the bar. Mac ordered a Gin and Tonic for me and a soft drink for himself. We took our seats on the high bar stools which were positioned around some column tables. Mac placed the drinks on the table as I clambered onto the bar stool, revealing my long legs and a copious amount of silver bikini gusset. Including Mac and me, there were ten customers in the dimly lit bar. Nine fairly drunk lowlife types and one obvious hooker who appeared to be drowning her sorrows. The place didn't excite me in any shape or form, and the thought of giving this crowd a sexual display was not really appealing. Just as I resigned the fact that my flashing opportunities would be somewhat limited, the doors burst open and my luck changed instantly. Four very good looking guys with what looked like very fit bodies walked in. I licked my lips at the prospect of teasing and flashing these four, when one of them went straight up to Mac and high fived him.
"You're fucking spot on, this chick is incredibly sexy!" he said pointing at me.
One of the other guys placed his hands on my waist and lifted me clear off the bar stool, holding me above his head. As he placed my feet on the floor, my coat buttons popped open revealing my silver clad breasts and pussy mound.
My almost naked body was being held close to the lifting guys body. I could feel the hardness of his body and the ever hardening of his prominent cock. His hands were around my naked waist as I smiled at him with a slight licking of my lips, I placed my hands on his rock hard chest and turned my head toward Mac.
"These are some of my drinking buddies I thought I would invite along tonight as a surprise!"He smiled.
I thought I would have been a little angry at least, but the guy holding my waist now had relocated his hand inside my tiny bikini bottoms and was stroking my hairless slit. I gazed into his eyes with my lust filled pupils dilating.
He was separating my pussylips and slowly inserting his finger inside me in front of the whole bar.
The guy then held his other hand to my right breast and began to manipulate my hard nipple. I found myself involuntarily slowly thrusting at his probing finger. Mac stood behind me and whispered in my ear that he will introduce the guys when we get in the car and head back to my house for some fun. Jim's head will explode when he sees these guys rock up to fuck me.
I was scooped out of the bar as the guys all scrambled into Macs car. Mr finger who it turns out was called Ged, grabbed me to sit on his knee in the back. I lifted my coat so my almost naked backside would take pride of place on his denim clad lap. Squirming on his lap I pulled the door to close it and Mac sped off. Ged wasted no time at all putting one hand on my mound and one hand on my breast. He kissed my neck softly as he whispered in my ear that all of the guys were looking forward to fucking a slut like me whilst my wimp husband watched. I squirmed on his fingers, moaning with a burning desire to be fucked by these guys and an unbelievable urge to thrash about on their cocks while my husband could only watch and observe. I came very vocally as Ged fingered me and I noticed a few more hands were now joining in working me over. Even the guy in the front passenger seat had turn around and was sliding a finger into my ass. The guy in the middle had my head held back as he kissed me as his left hand took over from Ged's. My legs were being held wide open by Ged as the strings of my bikini bottoms were untied and removed completely exposing my shaved pussy to the gang of four.
"Mac, you're a good friend for letting us lot fuck this hot bitch!" said the guy in the front seat.
"Wait till you feel how tight and silky smooth that pussy is when you're fucking it and remember the rules guys, no cumming inside her pussy tonight, she loves the taste of spunk!" Mac re-assured them.
With that Ged unzipped his fly and got his fairly large cock out of its denim clad restraint. Pulling my legs toward him, he slipped his cock straight into my very hot and wet slutty pussy. The guy near the other passenger door moved my face toward his crotch and my lips met his already revealed erection. Here I was in the back of Macs car with a cock in my pussy and a cock in my mouth. My coat was removed from my body and the bikini top was whisked away to reveal my ample curves to the strangers. Ged's cock was fucking me slowly, which encouraged me to suck the guys cock very slowly and tremendously sluttily. The guy in the middle was playing with my breasts when the proceedings were suddenly interrupted as we had arrived at my house.
"Fucking hell Mac, this is one seriously hot slut. How did you pull this?"
"I didn't! This slut asked me to fuck her and would I fuck while her husband watches! It doesn't get much better than this!"
I took the cock out of my mouth, but still impaled on Ged's cock, I spun on his cock so my legs were now dangling out of the opened door. The guys were getting out of the car, coming round to my door and saw me impaled on Ged's cock.
Ged held me close to him and said
"Your old man is gonna be ok with us lot fucking you isn't he!"
"He is going to love it almost as much as me!" I purred and stroked Ged's face "Plus another friend will be joining us!"
Just as I said this, Dave our neighbour was standing at my driveway with a bunch of flowers in his hand.
His face flushed when he saw that I was naked, except for the gloves and high heels, with a cock stuffed right up my pussy.
Placing my high heeled feet on the driveway, I did a few twerks on the impaled cock ensuring Dave got a got view of my cock filled cunt. I slid off Ged's cock and walked naked up to Dave.
I placed my gloved arms around his neck and gave him a slow, tongue fuelled kiss. Holding flowers in one hand, Dave's other hand gently stroked my naked labia. I continued swirling my tongue in his mouth as his hand softly caressed my pussy whilst I gently moaned with delight. Thanking him for the flowers I turned to the gang of four an said it would only be right if Dave fucked me first when we got in.
I'm sure the neighbours curtains were twitching as I gently tapped on my front door in my naked and seriously aroused state.
Jim opened the door with a beaming smile then surveyed the site before him.
Dave, Mac and four total strangers all pawing at his naked wife.
"You'd all best come in!" Jim said as the troops all trudged into our lounge. The lights were dimmed and sexy bass music was playing in the background. Jim offered all of our guests a drink as I grabbed Dave's hand and guided him to a chair in the middle of the lounge. Unbuckling his belt, his trousers fell to the floor as gravity intended. I manoeuvred him to the chair and as he sat on the seat, I straddled his thighs and slowly impaled myself on his hard prominent erection.
"Oh Dave! Your cock is so much bigger than I imagined!" I softly moaned.
"Your pussy is so much better than I dreamed!" Dave replied rather romantically.
"Fuck me with your hard cock Dave. Your cock is so much better than my husbands!"
Dave groaned as I rode his cock.
"You'll make me cum so much with this cock. I think you should come back on your own and we can fuck all over the house whilst hubby watches. Would you like that?" I teased
"Fucking hell, I'd love it!" Dave replied
"Good. Make me cum and next time you can fuck any hole you want and I'll wear anything you want!"
I continued riding Dave's cock as my audience gathered round, watching Dave plough into my shaved pussy. Getting fucked and having my audience watch sent me over the edge and I thrashed against Dave's cock as my orgasm surged through me. I continued fucking Dave when I felt the familiar nudging of a cock end slipping inside my asshole. Dave was holding my tits and whoever was slipping their cock in my ass was holding my waist. I half turned my head to find it was Ged who was defiling my ass. I lifted my head slightly to take Ged's tongue in my mouth.Ged's hands came around my front and moved Dave's off my breasts. Ged began to twist my nipples gently as the two cocks slid in and out of my sex holes in unison.
"My god I'm taking two cocks in front of my husband. These cocks are so much bigger and harder than my husbands!" I said for Jim's cuckold desires. Continuing with my theme I panted.
"Oh guys, fuck this cumslut and give me your seed. I need to swallow all of your spunk!"
I looked over at Jim and his face was almost purple with desire. My words and actions were obviously doing it for him and they were definitely doing it for me.
"Do you want us to fuck your bitch slut in all of her slutty holes?" Ged asked
Hubby just nodded obediently as Ged continued fucking my ass, calling me all the sluts and whores in the process. I looked around the room and the guys were beginning to get naked. Every cock was perfectly erect and eager to get inside my body. Without any warning Ged withdrew his cock and splashed a heavy load of spunk right up my naked back. This action sent Dave over the edge as he informed me he was about to come. I jumped off his laugh just as his cock was in the process of unloading his creamy fluid. My mouth caught the first splash and the resulting three spurts as I obediently swallowed the man seed. Someone was wiping the sperm off my back and then bet me over and entered my pussy from the rear. The cock was larger than Dave and Ged, and fitted so snugly inside my cunt. Mac lifted my head up so he could slide his prominent length straight down my willing throat. Whoever it was fucking me with the big cock was getting over excited and announced he was about to come. I removed Macs cock from my mouth and and turned to receive the bull cock in my eager mouth. Salivating over the blood engorged cock it exploded in my mouth and a powerful burst of semen began to rinse my mouth and throat.
Mac had replaced his cock inside my pussy, fucking me doggy style for our audience. I glanced over at hubby who looked like he was about to burst.
"Oh Mac, fuck my pussy like you always do. My husband can't compete with your manly huge cock. You know how much I love this cock!" I teased
"Yeah he loves to watch your cunt get destroyed by my cock doesn't he!" Mac stated
"You know my cunt belongs to you. You fuck me so much better than my hubby!"
I'm sure hubby had came watching me getting fucked and listening to my sexual commentary.
"I can't wait to try all of these cocks!" I teased truthfully.
Another stepped forward and placed his cock in my mouth. I held his balls as he face fucked with his cock. Mac was banging me quite hard now and the cock in my mouth was twitching.
The guy fucking my face held my head tightly as he began to offload a colossal amount of spunk into my throat, by-passing my mouth altogether. Almost gagging on the cock and spunk deluge, I felt my orgasm burst through me. Riding Macs cock I had to remove the deflating cock from my mouth to allow me to breathe through my orgasm.
"Fuck my pussy Mac! I need your cock more than my husbands!"
Mac grunted and continued to plunder my pussy with his perfect cock.
I looked over at my husband through my half open, lust crazed eyes, I could see him smiling at me.
"Please come inside me Mac! You know your spunk invigorates me to be even dirtier!"
Mac began to empty his seed deep inside my womb. My cervix was opening, allowing the sexual fluid to rinse my vaginal walls.
Looking directly at my husband I said.
"Oh god! He's fucked me and came inside me! I can feel his hot spunk swimming inside me!"
I could clearly see my husband gulp with sexual excitement.This was turning him on as much as it was arousing me.
Another guy stood in front of me and poked his cock into my face. This was the biggest of all of the cocks and he said.
"Here, suck this in front of your hubby, he'll love watching you chew on this big fucker!"
I knelt before him with my knees spread wide as I felt Macs cum spill out of me. Holding his cock t the base, I ran my lips slowly down the meaty shaft. Cupping his balls with my left hand, I slithered my tongue around the hairy orbs. Licking the underside of the cock, I cast a furtive look to my husband who was staring in obvious delight at my cock sucking show.
I licked the huge purple glans as I enshrouded the cock with my lips and took him to the back of throat. My head bobbed as I slavishly worshipped the huge meat-feast.
The last remaining guy joined us as he knelt behind me, sliding his cock inside my hungry pussy as she enjoyed her bout of sloppy seconds. His cock was squeezing every drop of Macs cum out of my pussy, as his thrusting became more dominating. His right hand began to slap my ass cheeks, which thrilled me more than I expected. Here I was on all fours, sucking a cock whilst another fucked my pussy from as my husband patiently watched the whole event. The guy in mouth without any warning began to unload in my mouth, as spurt after powerful spurt gushed down my throat.
The guy fucking me was making me come, slapping my ass and saying.
"Take this cock you dirty slut! I'm going to come in your whore cunt!"
His hand smacked my ass cheek with a loud whack. A second whack followed as his cock drove into me.
"Fill my pussy with your cum!" I begged
"Fuck you slut you're getting a face full!"
He pulled his cock out of my pussy, holding the base of his cock, he reached my face and began to jerk off into my face! Thick globules of creamy hot spunk covered my cheeks and lips.
Unbeknownst to me but two other guys had been masturbating with avid relish and were preparing to also come all over my already cum covered face. The cocks exploded into my face as copious amounts of semen slashed over my smiling face. As the last spurts sprayed my face I could see my husband revelling in this kinky scene. I scooped as much cum off my face as was possible in my gloved left hand. Leaning my head back I held the spunk drenched hand above my open mouth and let the man mixture slide off my glove straight into my slut craving mouth. The rest of the guys laughed and applauded my slut exhibition as my husband just stared in disbelief. Every guy in the room had come in or on me at least once with the exception being my husband but he would get to empty his sacs when the guys left which would disappointingly turn out to be right now. The guys it seemed were spent or intimidated by my outlandish slutty behaviour and all made their excuses to move on. Mac said he would leave with the guys and drop them off and that he would phone me later in the week. I stood naked before a leaving throng of guests who just defiled me with my and my husband's permission. I felt a strange sense of empowerment as the guys all sheepishly left me, my husband and Dave standing in my lounge as the door closed.
Looking at Dave and my husband I said.
"Right you two I want my pussy fucked and ass fucked. You pick which hole you want but get on with it as I'm fucking so horny right now!"
I could wield my sexual power over these two quite easily and have them do anything for me and to me. And right now that was to fuck both my holes! Hubby sat on a chair and undone his zipper. His purple straining cock burst from its bondage and stood bolt upright. I'd never seen him so horny. I straddled his thighs and plonked my greasy pussy onto his desperate cock. His cock filled me more than he has ever filled me before. Riding his cock slowly I began to whisper to him how good it was to have those guys coming in my face and fucking my pussy and ass. Dave listening intently stood behind me and began to slide his rampant cock in my ass. Both guys stopped moving as I slowly gyrated on both cocks. Dave's hands came up my front and began playing with my tits. Hubby lifted his face to mine and began to kiss my lips then lick my face where the cum had splashed forcefully earlier. The kinkiness of this situation had me coming like crazy as my two loyal cocks fucked me beautifully. I ground down on the cocks and whispered.
"These cocks are mine now and they're to serve me and sexually satisfy when I require!"
As the words left my mouth, it would seem the effect they had, was to induce the spunk out of the cocks fucking me, as both guys unloaded inside me simultaneously.
I kissed my husband with a lot of tongue, broke free from the kiss, turned my head and kissed Dave also with an abundance of tongue. Still kissing Dave I felt both cocks slide out of my holes with a plop. The warm sloppy spunk follow the depleted cocks as my husband sat there with all of juices on his cock and balls. I decided to give both guys a little final treat. I knelt before my husband and obediently licked all of our combined juices off his lap. As I licked the cum off his cock it began to get erect in my mouth. I placed my hand on Dave's cock to find it blissfully erect. I took hubby's cock out of my mouth and said.
"Right Dave, you fuck my pussy and Jim you can fuck my ass!"
Dave sat on the chair as I straddled his thighs. His cock was pointing at my sloppy hole as I slid down on his hot pole. Dave kissed me softly as he held my breasts, pushing his cock deeper inside me, I rode his cock slowly. Hubby nudged his cock at my asshole as the tip slid inside me. My puckered ring clamped onto his cock as my double penetration began to take place.
Putting my arms around Dave's neck I leant into his earlobe, licked it gently then whispered.
"Fuck my pussy Lover boy and tomorrow afternoon pop over with your cameras and I'll pose for you in stockings and garters and you can fuck me afterwards!"
Hubby, listening in whispered "Take some photos of the slut for me!"
The guys fucked me in this position for a further ten minutes before emptying their seed inside me.
"You guys really looked after me sexually tonight. We should all fuck more often and I could dress up for you guys!"
"I'd really like that!" said Dave.
I stood naked before him and gave him a big hug with a delicate soft kiss.
"Don't forget your camera tomorrow. I'll be waiting for you at 1;00pm wearing a corset and stockings for you to photograph and fuck me!"
"Don't forget I want some photographs for myself!" said hubby smiling.
We both escorted Dave to the front door, hubby shook his hand while I gave him a full on kiss pushing my naked body into his clothed body.
"It will be just you and me tomorrow, so we can relax and get some good shots and then have some fun!" I smiled.
"See you at 1:00 then!" said Dave as I slowly closed our door.
Hubby looked at me standing there naked all fucked and dreamy.
"You have become a right dirty slut haven't you?" Hubby asked
"Of course I have and you love every minute of it!"
"Too right I do. Enjoy modelling for Dave and make sure you give him a good fuck afterwards!"
"I might even give him a good fucking during if he has a video camera!" I giggled.