DISCLAIMER: All characters appearing in this story are fictitious as they do not exist. Any resemblance to a real person, living or dead is purely coincidental and should not be construed to associate a real person, living or dead with scenes or events described within this story. All of the characters depicted in this story are over the age of 18 and takes place in a world where sexually transmitted diseases/illnesses do not exist. This story is intended for mature audiences only.
*
Traffic was sparse on the way to the self-storage facility, still, it had taken the trio 30 minutes to navigate through Los Angeles. By the time the black Mercedes G65 pulled up to the gate, it was getting dark.
"Be right back." Darren said. He climbed out and opened the gate, then he hopped back into the SUV. They pulled through the gate and he directed Tyrone to his storage unit. Darren got out again to open the rollup door.
In the middle of the small storage space and surrounded by boxes was Darren's pride and joy. He pulled off the protective gray cover and took a step back to admire his most prized possession. The fluorescent lights reflected off of the Harley, the gleaming chrome contrasted beautifully with the matte black finish and Darren exclaimed, "MyBABY!"
"She's a beaut!" Tyrone chimed in, climbing out of the Mercedes, "I told you that you could've stored it at my place."
"I didn't want to trouble you with moving my shit all over the L.A. bro." Darren replied and wheeled out his Harley in glee. The full grown, 6'6" black man looked like a child with a brand new bicycle. His giant 250lb muscular frame looked that much more imposing once he sat on the bike, he made the Harley look like a toy.
"All I can do is offer." Tyrone smiled. He was not dressed to be moving dirty boxes but he rolled up the sleeves of his white, form fitting dress shirt to minimize the damage. There was nothing he could do about his gray dress pants or his leather shoes, so he dove right in. He grabbed the closest banker box from the top of the stack and loaded it into the trunk of his Mercedes while his buddy reunited with his Harley.
Jenny climbed out of the SUV to take a closer look at the Harley. The 5'6" blonde smoothed out her black miniskirt and adjusted her pink lacey bralette. The 22 year old always wanted to pose sprawled out on a bike like the models she saw in the magazines, yet despite her astounding 36D-23-37 figure, the opportunity never came, that is, until tonight. At 110lbs, she weighed only a fraction of the bike, but that did not dissuade her from asking, "May I?"
"Go for it." Darren replied and swung his leg over the motorcycle.
"A Harley, huh?" Jenny teased after recognizing the logo. She hiked up her tight miniskirt and swung her bare leg over the bike. She straddled the motorcycle and balanced herself as best she could in her black stilettos.
"Yep, chicks love riding black Night Rod." Darren chuckled and went to help Tyrone load the SUV with more boxes. Unlike his friend, Darren was dressed more appropriately for labor. The gray basketball shorts and black tank top were what he wore to sleep on the ship. His runners were for the gym so it didn't matter if those got dirty either.
The two men emptied the storage space while Jenny snapped a selfies on bike. She sat reversed on the bike with her legs spread on either side and she laid back over the gas tank. By the time she had taken a picture that she liked, the guys were done.
"Mind if I take a few pictures of you and my bike?" Darren asked.
"Of course you can." Jenny smiled. She sat up and looked both ways down the empty lane. All she saw were roll-up doors on either side that continued down both ends. There was only the three of them so she pulled off her top and let her tits bounce free. Next, she laid back onto the gas tank, brought her legs straight up into the air and peeled off her skirt. Then she lowered her legs and spread them wide on either side of the bike.
"Damn." Darren said, positioning himself behind the bike and taking out his cell phone. Jenny was facing him with her hands on the rear fender, her arms were squeezing her tits together as he snapped a picture and said, "You really know how to pose."
"Thanks." Jenny smiled and leaned forward so that her tits were mashed down in the passenger seat. She held onto the seat and tucked her legs against the bike as if she were riding it backwards. After Darren took a picture, she leaned back over the gas tank again and reached for the handle bars over her head. Darren snapped another photo before she turned around to face forward and suggested, "It'd be really nice if we had some baby oil."
"Yeah, it would." Darren sighed.
"There's always next time." Tyrone added.
Jenny wedged the foot rest between her stilettos and the soles of her shoes and she leaned back. She reached over her head and her hands gripped the rear fender. Arching her back so that only her hands and the back of her head were touching the fender, she was pushing her chest out and her nipples were pointing up at the reddening twilight sky. Her head was upside down as she looked at Darren's cellphone and she made an orgasmic face.
"Fuck, you look hot as hell." Tyrone said.
"I've got an idea." Darren said. He popped the key into the ignition and a second later, the v-twin engine roared to life.
"Ohh." Jenny giggled. She could feel every shudder from the throbbing engine traveling through the bike's frame and into her frame, giving her an amazing sexual stimulation. She was actually embarrassed at how turned on she was getting. The combination of the subtle vibration between her legs, her state of undress and the look on both men's faces made her even wetter.
Tyrone and Darren flanked Jenny as they each grabbed one of her nipples. They tweaked, pinched, tugged and flicked her sensitive nubs to their own rhythm while Darren revved the engine.
Jenny was looking up between the two black faces and they were looking down on her with a look of worship in their eyes. Suddenly her muscles tensed up and a shudder took over her entire body as she blankly stared up at the dark sky. Her hands were gripping the fender so hard, she was afraid she might tear it off. She could feel her face turning red with embarrassment at the same time her orgasm was enveloping her.
Jenny tried to dismount the motorcycle to escape from being consumed by pleasure. Arching her back to sit up, she only ended up pressing her clit harder against the vibrating saddle for a split second before collapsing back down. It didn't help that Darren was also revving the engine whenever she tried to sit up. Her upper body never made it past 45 degrees before she fell back against the passenger seat as another wave of pleasure washed over her body. As one wave receded, she would try to sit up again but Darren would rev the engine and another wave quickly washed over her. It looked like she was doing sit-ups on the Harley as she rode the crescendo of one small orgasm into another, over and over.
The guys were having fun, building up Jenny's pleasure until Tyrone spotted the reflection of headlights at one end of the laneway. He gave Darren a nod and Darren killed the engine.
Tyrone and Darren helped Jenny dismount the bike. She was grateful yet also disappointed and she was about to ask what was going on when she saw the headlights. The lights were about 400ft away and getting closer every second. Her legs felt like jello as she got dressed as fast as she could. Darren tossed her top to her while Tyrone picked up her skirt. Luckily, she did not have to fool around with any underwear because by the time the golf cart's lights illuminated her skirt, she had just finished smoothing out her skirt.
The golf cart stopped behind Darren's motorcycle and the amber strobe lights on the roof lit up. The spinning amber beam lit up the word 'SECURITY' in big black letters on the white roof. The security guard pulled himself out of the golf cart and said, "Good evening folks, I'm afraid I'ma hafta ask ya'll to leave as we are CLOSED for the night."
"Yeah, sorry, we're on our way out," Darren replied to the shadowy shape behind the headlights, "haven't run the my bike for a while so I figured I'd fire it up to make sure everything still works."
"All right then," The guard replied and climbed into the golf cart, "I'll be back later and you folks better be gone by then, ya hear?"
"Sure, no problem." Darren reassured, "You have yourself a nice evening."
The guard waved as he zipped by them and disappeared around the corner.
"You know how to get to my place?" Tyrone asked Darren.
"I do and don't." Darren replied as he donned his helmet and secured the strap, "I kind of remember but not positive, so I'll follow you."
"Sounds good." Tyrone said as he and Jenny climbed into the Mercedes. Twilight had turned to dusk, and dusk was turning into night as they pulled out onto the city streets with Darren following in his Harley. "You did better than I expected today."
"Thanks. It's been somewhat humiliating, but I can't deny how flattering it was when you were showing me off like some sort of trophy or plaything." Jenny said coyly while toying with her silver choker necklace.
"I have high standards and high demands. You've done better than I expected and you earned your collar." Tyrone explained and took Jenny's hand, "Lots of women have come to me with dreams of being my personal fuck toy. You know, the type that wants to live in a mansion, get taken to exotic destinations and fill their life with luxurious things so they can post it on social media."
Jenny stayed silent as Tyrone stroked her hand and he continued, "Those materialistic bitches always left when I show them that life is not just about the riches. There were times when I sent them to service and pleasure men that could give them nothing in exchange. And well, let's just say, I've always been disappointed with the results. These women wanted to be 'owned' yet none of them deserved the choker, collar, necklace or whatever you want to call it. But you...you have earned it. And I'll need you to set an example to all the other women that envy your position. Are you familiar with what it is that I need you to do exactly?"
"I think I'm basically there to be pretty and seen with you. Maybe offer myself to help seal the deal." Jenny answered and squeezed Tyrone's hand.
"Of sorts." Tyrone replied, "Some might see it as a way of 'sleeping to the top' but I see it as a gorgeous woman using her own talents to give herself an edge over the competition. Other men might see you as another notch on their belt, but I see it as another man falling victim to the intoxication of your beauty."
"Aww, thanks but I think beauty is in the eye of the beholder." Jenny said blushingly.
"True. Which is why I need more women like you to cater to different men." Tyrone replied, "Most of the men that I deal with are of worth and influence. Such men of power are ruthless and cunning, however, they are often not the type of men that women would fawn over. It's rare for these men to be under the age of 50, even rarer to find one that is handsome with an attractive body. Ergo, the women I need are not ones that get wet at a handsome face and ripped body. I need women with certain...talents to impress these men. Talents like yours at the bar and in the parking lot. When these men need you to accompany or entertain them, I expect you to fulfill all their needs. I need you to keep them happy so I can build my network and wealth through the curve of your hips and the slit between your hips."
What Tyrone was telling Jenny was something she had never learned in any of her business classes. But it all made sense.
"You see, men of power like politicians are constantly plied with women and favors from lobbying firms and interest groups in exchange for preferential deals. However, scandals eventually come to light and when they do, those deals collapse." Tyrone lectured, "Since most people of power are men, they are not immune to their biological need to fuck, but their busy schedules often do not permit it. Discreet sexual favors behind closed doors could turn the tide in an otherwise impossible deal. The problem is, there aren't many women that can do this effectively without causing a public scandal. This is where you come in. Someone with a specific set of skills, the intuition and the smarts to keep things quiet."
"And the rich tend to be old men whomjusthappen to like young, hot women, huh?" Jenny smiled.
"Mostly, but that doesn't matter. The common denominator is hot, young women. Through the sharing of a woman, men from different fields, background, races, social or even economic classes form bond in a way few can understand. They see the true man behind the facade of social and economic constructs and they themselves are seen in turn. The result is a lasting memory that is shared." Tyrone answered, "Some business deals are finished with a handshake and the companies might throw a party. The big ones even do a press conference. I prefer something more discreet and simple. I mean, we spend all this time trying to fuck each other over to make a deal, why not just trade assistants for that?"
"So you're telling me that this is a fairly important job with a lot of responsibilities, but the most important decision of my day is who I fuck?" Jenny asked in mock surprise.
"Kind of..." Tyrone chuckled, "The reality is that to most men, your intelligence and business abilities don't matter. Well, not much anyway."
"What matters is what I wear to work and my appearance." Jenny interjected with a heavy sigh, "It's so frustrating that the world is so unfair."
"I know. It's demeaning and degrading." Tyrone agreed.
"It doesn't matter what academic, professional or personal goals I've accomplished. At some point, I still wind up on my knees sucking someone's dick." Jenny laughed, "Fuck, this is disappointing but I know there is no way around it. It's something I can't change, not unless I want to be a housewife."
"Dress provocative to suck dick or stay at home to cook and clean, you choose." Tyrone laughed.
"Hey, I'm from the south. Whether I suck dick or not, ISTILLcook and clean." Jenny laughed and lightly slapped Tyrone on his shoulder.
"From the sounds of it, I think I hired the right person." Tyrone snickered, "I won't have to hire a maid then."
"Yes, you're the boss and I'll be respecting whatever you tell me because you're the boss." Jenny teased.
"Yeah? You sure you're willing to spread your legs to seal some deals?"" Tyrone asked and put his hands on Jenny's smooth, bare thigh.
Jenny didn't answer but she smiled and bit her bottom lip. She replied by parting her knees as wide as the seat would allow.
"Whore." Tyrone smirked.
"Baby, I'll be whatever you want." Jenny confessed. She reached over and started to rub his cock through his pants, "How long until we're home?"
"Bout 35 minutes." Tyrone replied.
"Let's see if you can make it home." Jenny said. She laid Tyrone's right arm on the armrest over the center console, then she unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. She freed his slab of semi-hard cock, took the head into her mouth and immediately went to work. His cock started hardening between her lips as her tongue performed a well-choreographed dance on the sensitive head.
Tyrone opened the sunroof as they cruised through L.A.. Each time they passed under a streetlamp, Jenny's head was illuminated as she hovered over his lap. To anyone that saw, it was obvious what was transpiring inside the SUV. The subtle movements of a blonde head, rhythmically bobbing up and down, garnered some attention while they were driving through a predominantly black neighborhood.
At one of the intersections where the Mercedes stopped, a brother gave a slow, congratulatory clap while another block down, a couple brothers hollered comments like "DAMN! I gotta get me a freaky ass snow bunny like that!" and "White girl's sucking down chocolate to-NIGHT!"
Then at the next intersection, a brother pointed down the street and yelled, "COP!"
Jenny immediately dropped her head down and out of view and she inadvertently took Tyrone's entire length in her mouth. She was holding his cock in her throat, not daring to move at all. A black man driving a Mercedes in this neighborhood with a white woman, things would only go south if they got pulled over. During this tense moment, she kept sucking, fluttering tongue and using her throat on Tyrone's cock.
Tyrone continued driving down the street while savoring Jenny's throat for a few seconds longer before he sighed and gave her the all clear, "We're good, that cop chased after the brother that called him out."
The coast was clear, yet Jenny stayed where she was. It was easy for her to hold a cock in her throat for a long time, as long as she's relaxed and breathed through her nose, which she was doing. But it was a totally different story when a guy is repeatedly slamming his cock down her throat. The vigorous throat fucking made it hard to breathe and it was harder for her to control her gag reflex. Other than that, Jenny was totally comfortable where she was. Eventually, she resumed her position on the plump head, no bobbing this time, she just licked and sucked.
Tyrone had no complaints. He was thoroughly enjoying the drive while being serviced by Jenny. It was the most relaxing driving experience he ever had, enjoying the sparse traffic, occasionally looking down to see his cock disappear into his whore's mouth or glancing over to check out her ass in the window's reflection. Of course, he did his best to pay attention to drive and tried hard not to think about what her tongue was doing, but he didn't want her to stop either.
It wasn't like Tyrone was in a rush to get off nor did he want to whilst driving. With the slow, sensual blowjob he was getting, he'd be able to maintain his hard-on and maybe even hold off for most of the drive. He had good staying power and he was confident that he'd make it home without wasting a wad down her throat. He planned to drill all her holes and put a load in each one.
"I love long drives, don't you?" Tyrone asked with his hand on the back of Jenny's head while she nodded on his cock. The trip from the storage facility took over a half hour and they were almost home.
Away from the city, the urban sounds no longer drowned out the Darren's Harley. Here, in the usual quiet Malibu neighborhood, a loud motorcycle engine was heard snaking up the hill.
Jenny's jaws were aching after having her lips wrapped around such a thick cock for over half an hour. Despite that, she was a trooper and nothing was going to stop her from pleasuring her man until they got home. They were almost home anyways.
A few minutes later, the black Mercedes G65 pulled up to the gate of the fabulous mansion that Mr. and soon-to-be-Mrs. Cross called home. Jenny pulled herself off of Tyrone's cock and reached into her purse for the gate remote. The gate slid open and Tyrone drove in with Darren in tow.
"Thanks." Jenny said as they stopped at the front doors, "See you guys in a bit?"
"Yup, we'll be back after we drop off his shit." Tyrone said as Jenny climbed out.
"See you later!" Jenny said to Tyrone and she waved at Darren.
Darren returned Jenny's wave and turned off the engine. He hung his helmet on the throttle and dismounted his bike. His eyes were glued to her swaying ass all the way up to the double mahogany front doors.
"That was some long head you got there buddy." Darren smiled as he hopped in with Tyrone and they drove out of the long driveway, "Chick's got stamina."
"Yeah, well so do I." Tyrone said. They rolled up to the gate, it opened automatically and they drove out.
The drive to Tyrone's mansion took less than five minutes. After they finished unloading Darren's stuff into the garage, Tyrone gave him a quick tour. It was quarter past 10pm by the time they were driving down Jenny's driveway again.
Jenny heard the SUV pull up to the mansion, two car doors slam closed and the doorbell rang.
On the other side of the mahogany doors, Tyrone and Darren's ears perked up at the clicking sounds of stilettos. The massive mahogany doors swung inwards, the chandelier light spilled outside and a scent of fruity floral aroma wafted outside.
Jenny had showered as soon she got in and she changed into a lacy white halter bra that her tits filled out nicely. She had a matching garter belt, g-strings, stockings and a white pair of Christian Louboutin Daffodile platform pumps. As accessories, she wore big hoop earrings and of course her new silver chain choker. Holding a beer in each hand, she greeted, "Hiya guys."
"Hey, thanks." Tyrone said, stepping through the doors like it was his house. Then he wrapped his hands around Jenny's trim waist and pulled her in for a quick peck on her lips like she was his wife before taking a beer from her hand.
"Thanks." Darren said, walking through the doors. He grabbed one of her firm ass cheeks, gave it a squeeze, a pecked her on the lips and then he took the other beer.
"Dinner's almost ready, you boys wanna go wash up first?" Jenny asked.
"Oh fuck yeah." Darren replied. It had been a long day and he couldn't wait to take a nice hot shower, "Which way?"
"Guest bathroom is upstairs on the left." Jenny directed up the stairs and turned to walk to the kitchen, "There's soap and shampoo in there already."
"You gonna be joining me?" Darren asked and caught Jenny's arm, "You know, to save water."
"I've already showered. Next time sailor." Jenny said. She brushed Darren's hand off her arm and looked at Tyrone, "You can use the one in the 'master' bedroom."
"Great." Tyrone replied.
"Don't take too long, dinner's almost ready." Jenny said as she walked into the kitchen.
"Damn bro, you take the man's fiancée, drink his beer and now you're taking over his house." Darren commented as the two men ascended up the stairs while the rhythmic clicking of Jenny's heels faded into the kitchen.
"Not only that, I'm gonna pound his faithless fiancée's pussy into their bed too." Tyrone let out a lecherous chuckle.
"You're a savage brotha." Darren laughed and they went separate ways.
Meanwhile, downstairs in the kitchen, Jenny was setting everything out on the dining table while she was waiting for the food to finish cooking. Ten minutes later, the guys joined her in the kitchen just when she slid the last steak onto the plate.
"mmm-MMM that smells fucking good." Tyrone said looking over Jenny's shoulders.
"Thanks, here." Jenny said. She turned around and nearly dropped the plate. Both men had a white towel wrapped beneath their waist and it showed off their six-pack abs. She regained her composure and handed each of them a plate of steak and vegetables along with a glass of red wine.
"Wow that does looks delicious." Darren said.
"I wasn't talking about the food." Tyrone laughed.
"Neither was I." Darren smiled.
"C'mon, let's eat." Jenny said and led the way.
The dining table was perpendicular to the panels of floor to ceiling windows. The window's glass panels were pulled aside to let the cool night air in and filled the open concept dining room with the sound of waves crashing in the pitch black ocean. The outside pool was on the left, lit up by the underwater lights and by the various overhead lights from the mansion. And directly to the right of the dining table, there was a giant flat screen TV mounted on the wall above a fireplace.
Jenny took the seat to the left, Tyrone sat at the head of the table and Darren sat across from Jenny. She was thrilled by the obvious appreciation her guests had for what she cooked. The way that they were looking at their food was the exact look that they had given her earlier.
"Jenny," Tyrone said, holding up his glass of wine, "thank you for cooking this wonderful dinner for us."
"Yeah, I can't wait to dig in." Darren said and held up his wine glass for a toast.
"You guys are welcome." Jenny smiled as the three glasses clinked. She took a sip of her wine and smiled, "I hope you guys like it."
"Mmm." Darren murmured, "That's a good wine."
"This is good wine." Tyrone chuckled and set his glass down.
As everyone ate and sipped wine, the way the guys were looking at Jenny made her pussy cream. Towards the end of the dinner, after the third bottle of wine, they were all happily buzzed talking about each of their lives. When dinner winded down and Jenny asked, "You guys ready for dessert?"
"Yes ma'am." Darren answered, "What are we having?"
"Chocolate cream pie." Jenny mischievously grinned.
"PIE! I fucking LOVE pie!" Darren exclaimed, "Ain't nothing like pie to end off a meal, anything else would be un-American!"
"Then you should have been here this morning." Tyrone chuckled and finished off his glass of wine, "She was stuffed like an All American X-rated cream-pie with cum dripping everywhere."
"Oh yeah?" Darren responded and glanced over at Jenny.
Jenny coyly smiled behind her wine glass and shrugged as she took a sip.
"Man, she looked smoking hot." Tyrone added with his eyes on Jenny, whose face was flushed red as the little vixen attempted to suppress her own horny smile.
For a brief moment, the room was silent except for the sounds of the crashing waves that filled the room.
"You should have seen it," Tyrone continued, "She took on five of us."
"Outstanding." Darren said raising his glass in salute to Jenny who was now gulping down the rest of her wine, "You should've recorded it, then I could see for myself."
"You boys and your videos, always wanting to make your own little pornos." Jenny said and stood up to collect their empty plates.
"Hey those videos come in handy during a dry spell." Darren replied with a smile as Jenny brought the dishes into the kitchen.
"I guess you can get rid of your collection then." Jenny smiled and returned with three slices of chocolate cream pie.
"Oh HELL no." Darren cried, "My collection is a lifetime's worth of work. I can't justDELETEthat shit."
"Which one's your favorite?" Jenny asked and set the plates down before she took a seat.
Tyrone and Darren both chuckled in response and quickly dug into their desserts.
"What?" Jenny asked innocently.
"I don't know about Tyrone," Darren answered between bites, "but I don't have a favorite."
"Me neither. Doesn't work like that." Tyrone agreed.
"Yeah, there are so many good ones." Darren added, "What's your favorite then?"
"Mine? I don't know, I don't have a collection." Jenny replied with a suggestive giggle, "I look up on-line whenever I need some 'inspiration' to get off."
"So you don't have a favorite then?" Darren nodded and shoved another piece of chocolate pie into his mouth.
"Mmm-MMmm." Jenny shook her head with a mouth full of chocolate cream pie.
"Alright, what words do you use for your search?" Tyrone asked and shoved his mouth full of pie. Of course, he already knew her answer, but he was still very pleased with her reply.
"Big black cocks." Jenny admitted blushingly.
Tyrone suddenly got up and grabbed the TV remote off the kitchen counter.
Jenny began squirming in her seat, her nipples were hardening in anticipation as she began to wonder if they were going to watch porn together, right there in the dining room. Not that it really mattered where they watched porn, she was more worried that they would end up fucking on the dining table. It had been a long day and she was really looking forward to a nice fuck, on a proper bed, her bed, after dinner. The more she thought it about it, that didn't really matter either as long as she got fucked. But she preferred to be fucked by Tyrone, alone, on her big bed.
The flat screen TV mounted on the wall behind Darren came to life and Tyrone typed "Big black cocks" into the search bar. He selected the first website that popped up and clicked on one of the video's thumbnails. The video was a mishmash of clips showing various white women sucking or fucking big black cocks in every sexual position imaginable, all in rich color and sharp high-definition detail. A second later, the other TVs in the house suddenly came to life!
Jenny had forgotten that Stewart had set up the TV's to mirror one another so he wouldn't miss anything when he moved around the big house. To make matters worse, he insisted on installing speakers throughout their home because he wanted to have a continuous and immersive sound experience to fill the entire mansion with music whenever they entertained guests.
Up until now, those speakers never played anything other than classical music the few times Stewart and Jenny had company over. It has been barely a week since the melodic pieces like Schubert's Ave Maria were echoing across the polished marble floors, treating their guests to angelic voices while they wined and dined. Tonight, that expensive sound system was delivering the full impact of entertainment, moving the mind, body and soul with something far more sinister than celestial music.
Captivating, multi-dimensional sound filled each room with amazing richness and depth, much like how the big black cocks were filling the tight white pussies on screen. The sounds were flowing in every dimension throughout the mansion, cocks slamming into pussies overhead, cum tumbling down into hungry mouths below and the cacophony of women screaming, whimpering, wailing, mewing, moaning, groaning and panting to the rhythm of the wet slapping noises from balls smacking against wet pussies. All with incredible realism.
The contrasting bodies on the vibrant screen came alive in breathtaking detail and in precise choreography, making Tyrone, Darren and Jenny feel like they were truly there. The whole mansion was throbbing with the true to life sounds of sex and women begging to be fucked by big black 'nigga dicks.'
Darren and Tyrone were taken aback by the women's harsh words, then both men broke out in laughter as Jenny blushed. Tyrone took note of the enveloping acoustics throughout the mansion and set down the remote, then he snickered, "I hope your neighbors aren't too easily offended."
Jenny's eyes were glued to the screen. The audio was synced with the raunchy clips flashing across the screen as the illicit screams were blaring out the windows of her home. All she could do was pray that any noise that escaped the confines of her home would disperse into the night air before it reached her neighbors.
Darren followed Jenny's gaze into the flat screen and said, "So you're a size queen, huh?"
"Definitely would say that I'm a size queen. The bigger the better, the thicker the wetter. I mean, what girl doesn't love a nice sized cock?" Jenny giggled as she uncrossed and crossed her legs. Then she pointed to the busty blonde on screen. The porn star was comparing the big black cock of her porno co-star to her forearm, "For me, I like to see how big of a slut I can be. Fucking REALLY big cocks."
"You think this is something..." Tyrone said, refilling Jenny's wine glass. He lost his train of thought and rephrased his statement, "You're constantly looking for a challenge."
"The challenge does get me hornier. Like today, I don't know how you fit inside me. But just to know that I fucked...areallybig cock makes me feel proud of myself." Jenny beamed as she eyed Tyrone and Darren suspiciously and inquired, "Are you guys trying to get me drunk? Afraid I won't put out if I'm sober?"
"No. You see, it's really simple. We both know you need my cock. And to be honest, I don't know if I've ever cum as hard as I did with you." Tyrone answered and sat back into his seat with his muscular arms folded across his bare chest. He had a smug grin on his face as he narrowed his gaze on Jenny and continued, "But I don't 'NEED' it. Not the way you do. So if you want to keep enjoying what I have to offer, you're going to have to keep putting out for me, sober or not."
The conversation paused for a moment as Jenny saw the look into Tyrone's eyes. His dark brown eyes gave her a look that she hadn't seen since college, one that she had not seen in many months and one that she had not seen in her finance's eyes. It was the look of lust.
Jenny wanted to be wanted, to be desired, to have her body hungered for, to feel the hungers of a man filled upon her. She wanted to be used in a way that a woman was made to be used. Her own lust reignited after her morning with Tyrone. Since then, with each passing hour, her body yearned for more and more of his attention. A woman of her beauty, her elegance, forced to beg to be used like a whore. He reminded her of the thrills that she had forgotten.
Yet it was Tyrone who enjoyed the events of today the most. There was nothing like a having a beautiful queen on her knees to make a man feel like a king. He turned his focus back to the screen as the busty blondie was on her knees, eagerly slobbering all over a long black cock that just finished painting the slut's pretty face with cum. Even over the TV speakers, Tyrone could hear Jenny's breathing becoming deeper and faster. He was amused by her effort to discretely uncross her legs, pretending to scratch the inside of her thighs while she was watching what was happening on the flat screen.
"Look at the size of his cock!" Jenny sighed dreamily as her finger slipped into her silky folds. She couldn't help it. Her pussy was growing hotter and wetter, her nipples and clit were throbbing with each flashing clip, "Wow, she's really into it!"
Darren chuckled softly at Jenny's comments. He didn't notice her subtle movements because he was turned around with his back towards her. His arm was casually draped over the back of his chair and his attention on the screen.
Tyrone decided to see how long Jenny would last before watching porn was no longer enough for her. He didn't have to wait long, from the corner of his eye he saw her free hand slid up and begin to softly caress one of her tits over the white halter bra's thin lace fabric.
Jenny slowly pinched a nipple and gasped, half due to her own manipulations and half due to her desire for attention.
The screen changed to another blonde slut, this one was on her hands and knees while the black stud was preparing to stick his big cock into her wiggling ass.
"OOHH." Jenny moaned as she watched the blonde take the giant black cock. She was feeling the effects of the many glasses of wine she had over the course of dinner and it was greatly lowering her reservations for any kind of propriety, "I love the part when the tip first slides into my ass. It always feels sooo good when I feel my ass slowly give way until the tip kinda just...pops in there. I'm so jealous of her right now. Take that big fucking dick you lucky bitch! See how the rest of his cock slides in behind the head? That part always makes me squeal! Take it bitch! Take that fat cock up your ass!"
Despite Jenny's efforts, neither of the guys paid any attention to her. Darren chuckled while Tyrone pushed her wine glass closer to her to encourage her to finish it.
"That's your way of shutting me up?" Jenny smirked and finished the wine in one gulp, "You're gonna have to put something bigger in my mouth to shut me up, Ty guy."
The screen changed again, this time it was a brunette trying to deep throat a long black cock.
"You see that?" Jenny said huskily, her hand squeezing her tits harder as she pinched her nipple, "It doesn't look like she can take the whole thing. I can do better, I can deep throat that. Guys love it when their hard cocks are shoved all the way down my throat."
The screen flashed to a blonde in the cowgirl position, riding a big black cock on a sofa.
Darren simply scoffed at Jenny's comment and Tyrone didn't even respond. They were both more focused on the blonde on screen than on Jenny. She was furious to see that these guys were more interested in what was happening on screen than what she was doing in front of them.
'They don't want to play, fine.' Jenny thought,'I will just get my mind off of sex then.'
Jenny pushed herself away from the table and got up. She collected the dessert plates and asked, "You guys want some coffee?"
"Sure, can't say no to that." Tyrone answered, without even taking his eyes off of the screen. A different blonde was on her back receiving creampie after creampie.
It was a hot scene, but Jenny hadn't met a man who was immune to her advances. Her ego got to her and the guy's indifference towards her made it seem like a challenge to see who would crack first. She had the advantage because unlike them, she already had countless orgasms throughout the day. And after watching these porno clips, they were sure to have sacks full of cum waiting to be unloaded. She smiled at the screen and asked sweetly, "Two'loads'of the 'sweet white stuff' right?"
"Two sugars." Tyrone corrected.
"I'm good, thanks Jen." Darren said. As much as he wanted to stay up, he had been up since 4:30 in the morning and was utterly exhausted.
"Ya, sure?" Jenny asked again as she brought the plates into the kitchen.
"Yeah." Darren answered. He pushed back from the table, got up and stretched out his arms.
"Past your bedtime?" Tyrone asked his exhausted friend.
"Way past." Darren yawned.
"I'll drop you off at my place." Tyrone offered as he stood up.
Jenny noticed that both men had hard-ons that were poking against their white towels and said, "You're not dropping anyone off. You've had way too much wine! Darren, you can sleep in the guest room until Tyrone sobers up."
"Yeah that's probably a better option." Tyrone agreed.
"Sure." Darren said as he left the dining room, "You kids have fun."
"What about you Ty?" Jenny asked with a playful smile, "You still want your coffee?"
"Fuck yeah." Tyrone replied and turned down the volume for the TV.
"Won't coffee keep you up all night?" Jenny asked with a mischievous grin as she put the kettle on.
"I'll be fine." Tyrone replied. He had a predatory smile on his face as he approached Jenny in the open kitchen. He noticed the sudden gleam of lust in her beautiful blue eyes, "Besides, it helps with my stamina and staying power."
"Then we better find something useful for you to do with all that extra energy." Jenny said over her shoulder and grabbed a mug from the cabinet.
"I've got something in mind already." Tyrone said and watched Jenny scoop coffee ground into the French press.
"Well, there's porn on TV and tissues are in the bathroom if whatever you have in mind doesn't pan out." Jenny joked. She wasn't going to give in to him that easily, not after he ignored her.
"I wouldn't waste a tissue when there's a perfectly good woman here. Gotta be green nowadays." Tyrone laughed as he reached for another mug from the cabinet and handed it to Jenny.
"You trying to keep me up all night?" Jenny teased as she took the empty mug.
"Oh no." Tyrone answered smoothly, "No, no, no, no, I wouldn't need coffee for that."
Meanwhile at 36,000 feet above the Pacific Ocean, Stewart slammed his laptop shut. His eyes were strained and he was tired. He didn't have time to prepare for this meeting and he was depending on being briefed by Mimi, his assistant during the flight. Things would have been easier if she were on this trip. For one, she actually spoke Chinese so Stewart was now praying that his business counterpart spoke English. And two, Mimi spent an entire month preparing for this meeting and knew the intricacies of it. Unfortunately, she caught the flu a day before the departure date. There was no way the Hong Kong authorities would grant Mimi entry when she was sick, not after the whole SARS fiasco.
The Chinese took great offense to being stood up so it was too late to reschedule. The only solution was for Stewart to go on his own. It was a good thing that the seat next to him stayed empty. It was Mimi's seat and he was afraid that someone on the stand-by list might get her seat. Fortunately, that wasn't the case and he sat by himself.
The solitude allowed Stewart to go over the different reasons for why the alfalfa that they shipped over kept getting held up at the ports of Guangzhou. Some of his clients had switch suppliers due to the delays. After spending most of the 9 hours in-flight, he couldn't come up with any solid answers. There were no reasons for the delay, at least, none that he could find.
Stewart was thankful that his contact in Guangzhou was able to set up a meeting with one of the port officials. Stewart remained hopeful that things would sort themselves out once he landed in Hong Kong. Why they wanted to meet Stewart in Hong Kong as opposed to Guangzhou was beyond him. He didn't care where they met as long as things got sorted out. He didn't want to think anymore, his head hurt. There was another 5 hours left in the flight and his eyes were strained and tired.
Stewart looked around and saw that his fellow passengers had either fallen asleep or were watching the crappy in-flight movies. He reclined his seat and made himself as comfortable as he could in the cramped seat. He threw on a pair of noise canceling headphones just as a baby started crying somewhere behind him. He thumbed through the playlist on his phone and settled on Beethoven's 7thSypmphony 2ndMovement to drown out the annoying crying. He wanted to call his beloved fiancée, but it was past midnight in L.A. and Jenny would have been in bed by now. He'd call her as soon as he land, it'd be morning in California by then.
Back at the Malibu mansion...
"You can tell me in the morning. Right now, I am exhausted so I'm going to bed." Jenny said. She turned around and put her mug back into the cabinet. She saw Tyrone add another two spoons of coffee into the French press, "THAT'S FOUR SPOONS!"
"Yeah." Tyrone replied and poured the kettle of hot water into the grounds. He stirred the grounds and filled the kitchen with the aroma of fresh coffee, "More than anyone could survive."
"Whoa." Jenny said, rolling her eyes in mock amazement and turned towards the foyer.
"Babe, come over here." Tyrone called after Jenny as he pushed the plunger down. Just as Jenny was about to walk away from the kitchen island, he grabbed her wrist and spun her around to face him.
"Ty, I'm not in the mood anymore." Jenny replied and turned to go but Tyrone spun her around again.
"Babe, how many times do I have to tell you to come over here?" Tyrone asked.
"What?" Jenny said pretending to sound a little frustrated while trying to hide her own excitement about where this was leading.
"Whose cock do you love?" Tyrone asked.
"Yours of course." Jenny smiled, her eyes beamed with success. Her patience had paid off, she knew Tyrone couldn't hold out longer than her.
"Gimme a goodnight kiss." Tyrone said, holding Jenny's hand while setting down the coffee mug with his other hand.
Jenny took a step closer, her firm tits mashed up against Tyrone's solid chest. She tilted her head up and kissed him on the lips.
"Another one." Tyrone said as soon as Jenny's lips left his.
Jenny tilted her chin up again and kissed him again.
"Another one." Tyrone said and pulled her hand to the bulge underneath his towel.
Jenny tilted her chin for a kiss and felt the bulge between Tyrone's legs. She could feel the pulsating veins on his cock and it sent a tingle running down to the base of her spine.
"Another one." Tyrone said, undoing his towel and letting it drop to the kitchen floor. He placed Jenny's hand on his semi-hard shaft and held her right hand there with his left.
Jenny gave Tyrone another kiss on his lips and this time, her tongue darted between his lips as she kissed him passionately. Her fingers closed around the warm tube of meat in her hand and she felt its heft as she gently stroked it.
After a short while, Tyrone broke the kiss and they both stared down. Jenny's left hand quickly joined her right, together, her white dainty hands were wrapped around the base of his thick black shaft and a few inches were left exposed from the top of her hands.
Jenny couldn't help but notice her sparkling engagement ring wrapped around her finger while her hand was wrapped around Tyrone's cock. The radiant rock reminded her that she had a fiancé and created a knot of guilt in her stomach. Her eyes were focused on her sparkling engagement ring like she were mesmerized.
Tyrone noticed that Jenny's hands had stopped stroking and he sneered, "I know you want it Jen, you little black cock slut."
A cold shiver ran down Jenny's spine upon hearing that. Her guilt was forgotten, replaced by the tingly sensation throughout her body and her hunger for the big black cock in front of her.
"We can doanythingyou've seen in your little pornos." Tyrone added as Jenny slowly began to slide her fists up and down the long, hard length of his pulsating cock.
Jenny felt Tyrone's cock grow harder with every movement of her hands. She had been jacking her hands up and down slowly increasing her tempo. Her eyes remained fixed on her shiny diamond eternity ring. It was a ring that meant she would Stewart's wife forever and yet, its diamonds were glinting to the movements of her hand jerking off a big black throbbing cock. The feelings of guilt almost returned had she not felt Tyrone's hand on her head and he gently push her down towards his massive shaft.
"Ty." Jenny breathed, her face getting closer and closer. She was only a few inches away from his thick shaft when she heard the words that she waited to hear all night.
"On your knees Jenny." Tyrone told the hesitant fiancée.
"You want me to kneel in front of you...and suck your big black cock...in my kitchen...while my fiancé's away?" Jenny said as she twisted her head out of Tyrone's hand and played hard to get.
"You've been having your fun all day, well, now it's my turn." Tyrone said. He grabbed the back of Jenny's neck and pulled her up face to him.
"You really want me to get down on my knees, right here?" Jenny asked with a raised eyebrow, "Then slide this big cock of yours into my hot, wet mouth and suck on it until you cum?"
"Yes now suck it bitch." Tyrone said more demandingly and forcefully pushed Jenny down until she was on her knees again.
Face to face with Tyrone's raging hard-on, Jenny's hands were slowly moving up and down, her lips were softly kissing the plump tip, then kissing down his exposed length. Her tongue skipped over where her hands were and she lovingly kissed each of his golf ball sized nuts before flicking her tongue out and licking them lavishly.
"OHh yeah." Tyrone sighed satisfyingly, enjoying the attention that Jenny was giving him.
Jenny looked up into Tyrone's deep brown eyes. He was staring down at her in anticipated pleasure. She gave him a naughty smile, then she slowly, almost painfully slow from the expression on his face, inched her face towards the exposed end of his cock. She looked up into Tyrone's eyes and slowly opened her mouth. As her lips came close to the head of his cock, her lips parted only wide enough for his cock to brush past her lips.
Jenny watched Tyrone sigh again when her lips were wrapped around his shaft. She continued to lower herself down his length, and the lower she went, the more she felt her lips tighten and strain against his solid shaft. Her lips touched her hand and she lifted her head back up his long, thick shaft until her lips touched the crown of his cock. Then, like before, she began lowering her head with a painstakingly slow rhythm while flicking her tongue along the underside of his cock as she went.
"Missed the taste didn't you?" Tyrone taunted.
Up and down Jenny's slid, albeit slowly, she was gently sucking and licking all along Tyrone's cock. Not once did she move her hand out of the way. She continued to tease him like this for a few times before she slid her mouth completely off his cock and admitted, "It's addictive."
Jenny gently squeezed Tyrone's rock hard shaft as she opened her mouth and brought her lips to the fat tip. As soon as her lips enveloped the tip, she tilted her head to the side and forced the tip to literally pop out from her lips. Then she slowly ran her lips and tongue up and down the exposed length.
"Oh, you fucking cock tease." Tyrone groaned in frustration.
Tyrone's comment only made Jenny smile wider because she took it as a compliment. She responded by hovering her mouth over his cock and wrapped her luscious lips around the hard shaft. Her mouth was quickly filled with half of his solid length and her lips tightly clamped around him. Then, she sucked hard as she pulled back until his cock plopped free from her lips again.
Jenny wrapped her left hand around the tip of Tyrone's cock, her pinky finger was not even close to reaching halfway down his shaft. She pulled his long shaft a bit to her left while she tilted her head to the right.
"Fuck that feels good!" Tyrone groaned. Jenny's tongue was lathering his left nut, occasionally licking the inside of his thighs while her left hand began to stroke up and down his massive rod. When he thought that Jenny was going to stop, he grabbed the back of her head and kept her tongue on his balls. He let his head fall back while steering her head every which way, soaking in the sounds of her wet tongue slurping away, reveling in the amazing feeling of her tongue sweeping and fluttering all over his balls.
After a minute, Jenny had gotten the idea and was able to anticipate where Tyrone wanted her tongue. Her tongue was dancing between both nuts, giving each an equal amount of love and attention, never missing a fraction of an inch on his balls. Even with his head tilted back, she could tell he was enjoying having his balls licked because he loosened his grip on the back of her head and his hand was now rested above her neck.
Tyrone tilted his head forward to see Jenny's blue eyes staring up at him for a second, then she whipped her blonde locks aside, her left hand was wrapped around his cock and as she swung under his cock to his other nut, his cock almost smacked the side of her head. With her eyes closed, her smokey eye makeup made her long lashes appear even longer as she planted a long kiss on his nut.
"I DO love seeing that ring on your finger..." Tyrone smiled.
"MMMMmpphh." Jenny moaned, her lips formed a momentary smile before she returned to the task at lips. She smiled because she was always proud of how good she was at giving head to her partners. Plus, she enjoyed seeing that she could give them so much pleasure. She wondered if Tyrone could see her smile, his balls were so big.
"...pressed against my cock..." Tyrone continued as Jenny turned her attention to his right nut while she pumped her hand along his cock furiously, "...knowing that your fiancé has no fucking idea..."
In one fluid motion, Jenny's tongue glided from the back of Tyrone's balls, up the base of his shaft, then all the way to the tip of his cock.
"...what a perfect whore I've turned you into." Tyrone sneered as Jenny's lips latched on the tip of his cock and she slowly sank down halfway. Her long blonde hair and her big tits were gently bouncing together as her head was bobbing up and down his shaft. She took more of him each time and as if to rub it in, Tyrone added, "The bride-to-be, sucking on someone else cock in the groom's house!"
Just hearing Tyrone describe what was going on sent Jenny's lust into overdrive. He was right though. She was Stewart's fiancée. A woman engaged to a man whom she loved. Yet here she was, in her own kitchen, sucking on a juicy cock that did not belong to the man that gave her the eternity ring, the man she was set to marry in a few months.
That realization alone should have made Jenny feel guilty, but it didn't. Instead, she continued to bob up and down Tyrone's cock with her lips wrapped around his cock as they slid down the length of his shaft. The more cock she took into her mouth, the less she worried about how wrong it was. Any lingering guilt was replaced by the growing lust inside her body. Even when her luscious lips touched the root of his tree trunk cock, her feeling of need and desire continued to grow.
The mere thoughts of how illicit this was, the image for how deep Tyrone's cock would reach in her pussy, her mind added fuel to her building lust until her pent up lust became unbearable. She didn't want to play teasing games anymore, she wanted his cock. Lifting her head off of his cock, she breathed, "Let's take this party upstairs."
"Oh no, I don't think that Mister...uh..." Tyrone trailed off upon the realization that he never caught Stewart's last name.
"Cross." Jenny finished as she stood up.
"Yeah, I don't think Mr. Cross would appreciate me taking his place, especially not in his own bed." Tyrone said with a sly grin. He was getting back at Jenny for teasing him and added, "Mrs. Cross."
"It WILL be Mrs. Cross, right now it's still Ms. Turner." Jenny corrected as she tugged at Tyrone's cock and she pulled herself closer to him, "So tonight, YOUR place is gonna be right in Mr. Cross' bed with YOUR cock in his fiancée, and you're gonna FUCK his fiancée. You're gonna fuck slutty Ms. Turner in Mr. Cross' bed! And naughty Ms. Turner is going to scream so loud the neighbors are gonna hear. They're gonna know, Ty! They're gonna know what a slut Mr. Cross is gonna marry! They're gonna hear! They're gonna hear little Ms. Turner getting blacked!"
"Well, if you insist." Tyrone smiled. He picked Jenny up, threw her over his shoulders and walked out of the kitchen. He calmly ascended the stairs with Ms. Turner over his shoulders. Once inside the master bedroom, he set her down by the door and said, "Stay."
There was a brown Oviedo leather chaise to Tyrone's right that caught his eye. He sat down on it and felt the supple leather on his bare ass. The woven leather suspended his muscular body over the sleek chrome frame and he seemed to hang in mid-air as he swung his legs over the rest of chaise. Settling in, Tyrone said, "Walk around for me babe, show me your cute ass."
Jenny strutted away from Tyrone and towards the end of the massive bedroom, her hips swayed suggestively and her heels clicked loudly on the hardwood floor. Elegantly placing one foot in front of the other, Jenny was strutting slowly and exaggerated the sway of her hips by crossing one foot right in front of the other.
"That's it. Show me what kind of girl you can be to make me happy." Tyrone grinned with his arms folded across his bare chest as he watched the show. Jenny's ass was framed by her white garter belt and thigh highs as it swayed oh-so-invitingly from side to side as her long legs and high heels strode away sexily, "MM-MM. You know I want a dirty girl."
When Jenny reached the doorway of the walk-in closet, she paused for a second and gracefully looked over her shoulders to Tyrone. Then she shut the closet door behind her.
"AW WHAT THE FUCK!" Tyrone exclaimed in disbelief, "C'MON!"
"Patience is a virtue!" Jenny said loudly through the closet door.
"Why can't'hurry the fuck up'be a virtue?" Tyrone shouted back and stared anxiously at the closet. A few seconds later, the closet door opened. The lighting in the master bedroom was dim and the bright lights from the closet lit up a path from the doorway to the chaise. Standing in the door frame was Jenny's voluptuous silhouette. She seemed shorter, then he noticed that her heels were absent and immediately said, "I expect the best and a proper lady is never without her heels."
Jenny planted her hands on her hips and narrowed her gaze at Tyrone. Then she huffed and shut the closet door.
A more few seconds later, the quietness of the bedroom was interrupted by the closet door opening. Jenny reappeared in the door way in a manner that literally took Tyrone's breath away. He had never seen anyone more gorgeous and sexy.
There was not one thing that particularly caught Tyrone's attention, but he focused first on Jenny's legs and was glad that she wore heels. She had not only worn what he had asked, she had also taken off her garter belt and stockings. Now she had a white lace and frilly garter wrapped around her thigh. Raising his gaze, his eyes roaming over the small white triangle of her g-string. Then he eyed her tanned and well-toned midriff that belonged to an athlete or dancer before he took his eyes higher. There, he took in the view of her breasts, squeezed together by her white lace halter bra. Her halter bra was offering an immense amount of cleavage while leaving the outlines of her hard nipples obvious.
"Satisfied?" Jenny purred with one hand at her hips and the other on the door frame. She stood with her feet in front of one another in a single file like she was about to walk on a tight rope. Her back foot firmly planted on the ground while she lifted the ankle of her front foot up and pointed her front knee at Tyrone.
"Very. You have no idea how hot you look in those." Tyrone replied as Jenny stepped out from the walk-in closet and sauntered towards him. Halfway between the closet and the chaise, she sank to her hands and knees and started crawling the rest of the way. Shaking his head, Tyrone said, "How can I not reward you with some hard cock you so rightfully deserve?"
"Then I'll keep these legs open so you can reward me all night long." Jenny winked and giggled as she crawled up between Tyrone's legs.
"I like the garter, it's a nice touch for our first night together." Tyrone smiled appreciatively.
"I thought you might like it." Jenny purred and rested her head beneath Tyrone's balls, "Something tells me you're going to enjoy taking it off a lot more than anyone else."
"Only if you plan on wearing the same garter for your wedding." Tyrone smiled.
"Oh you're so bad." Jenny breathed. Lifting his cock with her tongue, she began salaciously licking Tyrone's ten inch cock, laving her little tongue around and around his plump tip, tasting the sweet elixir of his lust for her.
"How do you like to fuck?" Tyrone asked as he stared at the hot cock sucking beauty.
"Any way you want to give it to me." Jenny moaned as she stared at him with her big lust filled blue eyes.
"Just don't care, huh?" Tyrone smiled, "Any position, any time, any place?"
"Anywhere." Jenny said pausing between licking his balls, "Any hole."
"OH, you serious?" Tyrone asked in disbelief.
"I'm that type of girl that would steamroll most men. So I need a big...strong man to keep me in my place." Jenny said, gently stroking Tyrone's length, "You know, the vascular type that packs a huge cock. Men like you that know how to treat a girl."
"Damn." Tyrone sighed.
"And frankly, you can have any hole you want, can't you?" Jenny added, her gaze fixated on between Tyrone's legs. Her hand was slowly stroking him while she stared admiringly at his big, thick, black cock. She spent several seconds quietly stroking his cock. The sheer size of it was fascinating, the girth in her hand was making her wetter and wetter with each stroke and she continued, "It's not really up to me, you just take what you want, you deserve it."
Staring into Tyrone's eyes, Jenny said, "I need that big, thick, FAT mahogany cock from a man like you. Taking me and putting me wherever you want, shoving me against the wall, bending me over, pulling my hair as you make love to me."
"HAHA. Make love?" Tyrone laughed, "You want to make love go find your fiancé. I only fuck bitches."
"Well then, you best show me the difference. You better fuck me better than my fiancé makes love to me. You have a bigger and thicker cock than he does." Jenny teased sexily with a playful voice dripping with lust, "I've already drank your cum, I haven't drank his. I want you fuck me baby, fuck me on his bed and make me cum."
"Your craving should be for me, angel, not an orgasm." Tyrone said.
"No, you're right, but sometimes I crave selfish orgasms. Sometimes, I let my tongue slide into places where no good girl's tongue should go." Jenny said, flipping around onto her butt. She slid down the chaise and into a squat position. She ran her hands up the outside of her legs as she slowly stood up with her back to Tyrone. She looked over her shoulders and unleashed a mischievous smile. She stood with her heels together, hooked her thumbs inside the bands of her g-string and slowly wiggled her white g-string back and forth away from her tanned skin, "I love my fiancé, you know?"
"Uh-huh." Tyrone gulped as Jenny worked her g-string down. The side bands were almost to her knees but the little white pouch stubbornly clung onto her damp pussy. Eventually, the elastic material sprang downwards as Jenny bent at her waist and lowered the g-string onto the floor. He got a full view of her bare pussy as she bent over at the waist with her hands at the same level as her ankles. She lingered in that position and caused Tyrone to moan, "Yet here you are, dropping your panties on the floor."
"What are you trying to say?" Jenny purred as she stood up. She turned around and circled the chaise until she stood at Tyrone's side.
"You love me more than your fiancé." Tyrone said, running his right hand up her left leg and feeling her buttery smooth skin beneath his hand. He stopped his hand when he touched the white garter. He rubbed the thin lace garter between his fingers and tugged at the stretchy material.
"I love you as certain...dark things are meant to be loved." Jenny said swinging her right leg over the chaise and firmly planting her heels on either side of the chaise chair. Her hands gripped the top of the chaise frame as she leaned forward a bit and held herself up so that they were face to face. Her bare cunt hovered over Tyrone's massive staff as she added, "In secret, between the shadows and the soul."
For a moment, Jenny's hips were swaying back and forth with the tip of Tyrone's cock grazing her wet slit as he laid on the chaise. Ever since they enter the bedroom, Tyrone had not done a single anything and his behavior was starkly different from the man she met this morning. Growing more impatient, Jenny asked, "Are we going to fuck or what?"
"Yeah, but I'm not going fuck you," Tyrone smiled, "You're going to fuck yourself."
"Pig!" Jenny scoffed and slapped Tyrone on his solid brick wall of a chest. She wrapped her fingers around the base of his thick shaft and poised the hot tip at her silky entrance. She bit her lower lip as she slowly sank down, her eyes locked with his as he became the center of her universe. Every thick inch that her wet pussy took caused her bright blue eyes to open wider and wider.
"Cheating whore." Tyrone grinned with a quarter of his fat cock stuffed up Jenny's tight white cunt, "You know why you're the one that hopped onto me, not the other way around? Because my cock gives you permission to be yourself, to let go and to show me what you had to hide for the sake of your fiancé!"
"Unnnggghhh!" Jenny moaned, her hand left Tyrone's cock and joined her other hand on the chaise's frame. Her pussy was clenching and releasing to each of his words. Every single thing of what he said was true.
"That's right, embrace your inner whore." Tyrone sneered, "You're going to find joy in pleasuring the men I send you to!"
"I'm not a hooker!" Jenny whined, wriggling her hips as she lifted herself slowly off of the massive black cock beneath her. She was genuinely mad at Tyrone for even thinking she was a hooker. With her legs spread wide over the chaise, she couldn't lift herself high enough for his cock to slide out. The length that she did manage to withdraw left a feeling of emptiness that made her hunger for his cock's return.
"OK. You're upset. Get off of me." Tyrone said laying on the chaise, not moving a single muscle.
But Jenny didn't have the willpower to climb off his cock and her impaled cunt slowly began to slide down his cock.
"I'll make you a deal, climb off and you'll only fuck me on the side." Tyrone offered.
Jenny had a look of desperation on her face as she began to lift herself up and managed to lift up high enough so that only the tip of Tyrone's cock remained. Even though she had the physical strength, she couldn't do it, her desires inevitably pulled her down Tyrone's addictive cock. Inch by addictive inch, she impaled herself on his cock.
"You want to be my little...OHHH." Tyrone taunted as Jenny's silky pink cunt, aided by her own natural cream, greedily slid halfway down and he finished, "...whore? Isn't that right?"
Jenny bit her lower lip and fervently shook her head, her blonde hair thrashing left and right.
'Momentum might help.' Jenny thought and anxiously tried again. She rode up and down on Tyrone's cock in an attempt to gain enough momentum to free her from being his whore. At least, that's what Jenny told herself.
"FUCK! UNGH! OHMYGOD! FUCK! HHNNGG!" Jenny grunted each time she reached the top of Tyrone's pole. And each time, her efforts only managed to bring her to the tip of his cock and coated the inserted length of his cock with her cream. Each time the gorgeous blonde sank down, her pussy took in more and more of his length. Inevitably, she slid past the three quarter mark without a hitch.
"How's it feel to be a whore?" Tyrone taunted with his hands clasped behind his head. He was thoroughly enjoying every second of having Jenny's tight pink cunt stretching tightly around the width of his cock. He knew that no matter what she thought or felt, once his cock slid in, everything else would disappear from her world. His cock would become the center of her universe and she would become his toy.
Jenny religiously worked out every day, but the day's events left her exhausted and she didn't have the stamina she normally did. She couldn't move a single muscle in her body, not when her muscles were tired and certainly not when she was teetering on the edge of an orgasm.
"I'm...I'm not...I'M NAH-HHNNNGGG..." Jenny cried out, her voice trailed off as the final ounce of energy that maintained her current posture fizzled out and she collapsed onto the last inch of Tyrone's cock. That caused her to tip over the edge and ignited an explosion within. Her head flew back, her mouth opened in a muted scream, her back arched and every muscle in her body clenched as waves of pleasure radiated throughout her body. Her hands had a white knuckle grip on the chaise's chrome frame as her pussy quivered tightly around the thick base of Tyrone's cock. Every bit of energy she had left was used to massage his cock with little aftershocks and quivers. Over exerted, Jenny fell forward and slumped over Tyrone with her forehead on the chaise's frame. Her head rested next to Tyrone's as she breathed, "...a whore."
"Yes you are. Remember what happened at the pet store? You'd do it for a million dollars. You said so yourself. You ARE a whore." Tyrone reminded and kissed Jenny on the cheek, "A million dollar whore."
"No, no I'm not! I can't be! Too many people will know!" Jenny wailed, "Stewart will find out!!"
"Maybe, but do you ever get off like you do with me?" Tyrone asked and Jenny shook her head. He began to sit up and said, "That's right. This cunt is mine, but I can't give you what you need if you won't play ball."
"I will. Just give me one more chance." Jenny begged. She put her hands on Tyrone's shoulders to stop him from sitting up and she remained in a cowgirl's straddle.
"Fine. Each time you go up and down my cock will counts as one." Tyrone smiled, "You get to one hundred and I'll keep you for myself. And maybe a few select people. But you gotta count out loud, deal?"
"Yes!" Jenny immediately answered. She knew that all the years of riding horses in Miami would serve her well someday. Just one hundred up and down strokes on his cock, then Tyrone wouldn't whore her out. Stewart would never find out, everything would be discreet, no more worrying about getting what she needed.
'One hundred.' Jenny told herself as she rode half way up Tyrone's length then back down and called out loudly, "ONE!"
"All the way up to the tip and back down to the base counts as one." Tyrone said. He reached behind Jenny's back and unclasped her bra with a snap of his fingers. Her bra straps practically flew off and he tossed the useless piece of garment aside, "Again!"
Jenny tucked her legs in under her and hooked her ankles on the top of Tyrone's muscular thighs. She used her thighs to push her body up and felt Tyrone's colossal cock slide out between her legs. Her slick hole was desperately trying to hang onto the retreating shaft. Her buttery pussy lips were tight, tighter than normal after her recent orgasm and her cunt gripped onto his cock so tight that she thought she might turn inside out as she rose to the tip.
Tyrone couldn't believe how wet Jenny was. Every exposed inch of his cock was coated in her white cream and it looked like a scoop of ice cream had melted at the tip of his cock. And as Jenny slammed down, her tight pink lips forced the deluge of her lusty cream down his black shaft. She slammed down with so much force that when her tight lips reached the base, her cream splashed all over his groin.
"ONE!" Jenny called out again and inhaled sharply at the intrusion of having something so massive inside her core.
"That's it baby, ride that thing!" Tyrone said encouragingly as Jenny rose up again.
"TWO! ughh...haaa...THREE! ahhh...ooo...fah-OUR!" Jenny called out, riding the black stallion faster and faster in succession with the style and grace of a seasoned horseback rider. The chaise was squeaking under the constant percussion of Jenny's body slamming down on Tyrone, "ah...ha...FIVE! gaah...SIX!...uuh..ahh...SEH..SEH-VEN!...OHHH...ummm...EIGHT!....ummm...oooh...NINE!...uh..uh...TEN!...mmmm...oh!...Elev-"
"Whoa! Whoa! Time out!" Tyrone exclaimed. Given the amount of wine that he drank, it would take a lot longer than usual for him to cum. However, he wanted to see this pretty bride-to-be buck against him until she broke herself in her own bedroom, orgasm by orgasm.
"Wha-what?" Jenny panted, "Why? Can't take it big boy?"
"You keep it up at that pace I'm not gonna make it to one hundred." Tyrone admitted and countered, "Hey it's you that needs to get to one hundred, not me, that was the deal."
"OK, I'll go slower." Jenny teased and mockingly rolled her eyes. Slowly this time, she rose up and lowered herself back down, "What number was I on?"
"Eleven or twelve I think." Tyrone answered, "New rule, if you lose track, you have to start all over."
"THAT'S NOT FAIR! YOU'RE MAKING THIS UP AS YOU GO ALONG YOU CHEATER!" Jenny said, slapping Tyrone on his chest, "I have the pussy, so I make the rules!"
"I have a cock," Tyrone said, smacking Jenny's ass hard enough to leave his handprint, "and I say fuck your rules. Now start over!"
Doe-eyed, Jenny counted from beginning, again. It started off with waves of pearly pleasure. The fluttering of sweet and mild releases lasting a few seconds quickly escalated and the higher she counted, the harder she came and she would forget what number she was on. She never reached one hundred. In fact, she never even made it past 50. She kept losing count each time she came.
Over the course of an hour and a half, Jenny had to restart over and over. In total, she probably had ridden up and down Tyrone's cock close to a thousand times. The rolling waves of pleasure were replaced with back to back orgasms. Now, her orgasms made her whole body seize up for 20 to 30 seconds and she felt like she would shattered into a million pieces and pass out.
Except she didn't.
Jenny felt nothing but heavenly bliss as she rode herself to absolute surrender without any control over her own body. The orgasms never really stopped, but her breathing did each time she dropped on Tyrone's cock. The sensation of being so full was so intense that she was only able to inhale enough air to fuel her loud moans before a squirting orgasm would send her rocketing up the black pleasure giving pole.
Jennifer Turner was stuck in that cycle where all it took was for her to drop back onto Tyrone's waiting cock to send her over the edge again. She lost count of the number of orgasms she had, her brain was empty except for the sensation of pleasure. The release of her cares and worries allowed her to become hyper focused on the amazing pleasure that she was feeling.
The loud feminine cries of "OH MY GOD!" were heard over and over again in the typically quiet, wealthy Malibu neighborhood. The slut's cries from the mansion were part joy and part cries for salvation.
Salvation never came, Jenny did though....multiple times.
In the bedroom with Tyrone, Jenny became a cum-dumb girl, and no religion could fix that no matter how loud she screamed.
It was almost 2am when Tyrone was sobering up. He managed to hold out as long as he did because of the wine, and with that dissipating, he had to grab Jenny's trim waist to bring her trembling body to a stop. Her marathon workout created droplets of sweat that covered her entire body. It was like she was on autopilot, her body fought with his big hands and she slipped out of his grasp. Her slick body made it impossible for him to hold her still as she rode him past the point of no return.
"Fuck." Tyrone groaned from the quiver in his loins. The familiar twitch started at the base of his cock and quickly rose to the tip. He wrapped his arm around Jenny's shaking body and held her still. It didn't matter that neither of them moved, it was too late, his cock tensed and then it began to pump her full of cum.
"MMmm." Jenny let out a high pitched whimper, her brain was still unable to form a single sentence as the warm wave entered her. The abrupt awareness that someone other than her fiancé was cumming inside her was too much for her mind to comprehend and her own orgasm consumed her. Her pussy clamped down on Tyrone's pumping cock, her pussy muscles gripped his shaft like a tight fist. The shuddering of her cunt milked Tyrone's spurting cock, pulling every last drop of his essence from his cock as she squeezed him dry.
Tyrone's cock spurted deep inside Jenny's core for well over two minutes. Her pussy created a tight seal that trapped their wicked concoction inside. His throbbing cock was still lodged inside her when he stood up and her hips were still subconsciously bucking.
"Oh my God Ty, that felt so wonderful." Jenny croaked and tightly hugged Tyrone without showing the slightest hint of worry that she was pumped full of another man's cum. She was going to take the morning after anyways so it made no difference to her how many loads she took. She looked over Tyrone's shoulder, her eyes fixated on the chaise and said, "I didn't know I was that wet."
Tyrone looked over his shoulder and saw that the chaise was soaked with Jenny's juices when she squirted. It looked like someone took a bucket of water and dumped it onto the chaise. The brown leather took on a darker shade with her juices dripping down sides and pooling on the hardwood floor.
"Clean it up in the morning." Tyrone answered nonchalantly as he scooped Jenny up and carried her to the California King Sized bed. He gently laid the trembling blonde on her back before withdrawing his fat, semi-hard cock from the ruined fiancée and cum flowed out of her gaping slit as it was quickly closing. A river of cum ran through her cunt until her slit clamped shut, "I hope your neighbors aren't home cause you've been hollering like a real whore."
"Every woman can be a whore given the proper motivation." Jenny teased, laying on the soft bed and watching Tyrone's black tube steak swing between his thighs. His black cock was coated in cum while several droplets of cum fell from the tip and onto the white satin bedsheets. But even that was nothing compared to the massive pool of cum between her legs. She reached for his cock and purred, "Let me clean that bad boy up."
"Wait." Tyrone said. He crawled up bed, fluffed up a pillow, sat on the bed with his back against the headboard and then he nodded for Jenny.
"I love your cum." Jenny giggled and anxiously positioned herself between Tyrone's muscular thighs.
"You love cum." Tyrone quickly corrected.
"I love cum." Jenny repeated. Looking up at Tyrone, showing him her angelic smile, she asked impatiently, "Now can I lick what's left on your cock?"
"Whose pussy is this?" Tyrone asked while Jenny held his semi-hard cock in her hand.
"Yours!!" Jenny beamed happily, kicking her legs enthusiastically up and down.
"A beautiful women such as yourself is like a fine work of art." Tyrone explained, "You wouldn't expect the Mona Lisa to be only appreciated by one man now, would you?"
"No." Jenny answered.
"Good. Lap it up buttercup." Tyrone said with a nod. Then without any hesitation, Jenny opened her mouth and eagerly slurped not only her cunt cream, but Tyrone's cum.
Milk wasn't the only cream this kitten would have in her body from now on.
"That's it, lap it up." Tyrone whistled. He was enjoying the combination of Jenny's delicate hand stroking him while her warm, wet mouth and skillful tongue was licking every inch on the sensitive tip of his cock. Her lips were tightly wrapped around his cock, their combined juices made it slick for her lips to slide pleasurably up and down his semi-hard cock.
Jenny giggled when Tyrone trembled and the spongy tip of his cock oozed another drop of thick cum across the young blonde's tongue. She looked him in the eye as her warm tongue was searching for more to satisfy her addiction. Finding none, she savored every bit of that last sweet drop. She took a break from polishing his knob and asked, "How is it possible?"
"How is what possible?" Tyrone smiled.
"How can you be getting hard again? You just came!" Jenny laughed incredulously and felt Tyrone's pulsing shaft stiffen.
"You're fucking hot and beautiful, that's how." Tyrone answered.
"I wanna go again!" Jenny giggled, stroking Tyrone's solid shaft faster and faster, "But I don't think my pussy can take anymore."
"Guess I'll have to switch holes." Tyrone smirked.
"K, let me get some lube first." Jenny chirped and rolled off the bed. She ran into the bathroom to her secret stash and grabbed one of her toy chests to bring back into the bedroom. She set the chest down on her nightstand to search for the bottle of lube and handed it to Tyrone.
"Thanks." Tyrone said. He squeezed a generous amount into his palm, then he coated his cock with the slippery lubricant as Jenny climbed into bed.
Jenny was facing the closet when she started wiggling her ass at Tyrone and teasing him with a mischievous grin on her face, "I want you to fuck me like a dog."
Jenny's comment got a raised eyebrow from Tyrone as he knelt behind her. He focused on the task at hand to abuse her trembling knot, she had the cutest rosebud asshole. Velvety smooth skin surrounded her sphincter that was the same shade of pink as her pussy. He turned the bottle of lube upside down and poured between her cheeks.
"OOoo." Jenny hissed, her head tilted back as she felt the cool dribble of lube pour down the crevice of her ass and both her holes clenched, then unclenched.
Tyrone lined up his cock against the tight, tender ring of Jenny's pink asshole. Fresh from her orgasm, her ass muscles were quite relaxed. Yet it took a bit of persistent pushing and shoving to pop the tip inside her tight ring. With his cock and her hole both well lubed, the rest of his powerful cock steadily forged ahead, advancing inch by inch.
Jenny felt the hard rod of Tyrone's cock invading her ass, slowly making her stretch around his thickness as he was pushing. She was breathing in quick short breathes, focusing on relaxing her body, particularly her ass and letting his cock take control. Her toes curled inside her heels, her nails dug into the bedsheet as she cried out, "OOOHHH!!!"
That was all that Tyrone could bear and then he grabbed both sides of her hips as he pushed further into Jenny's first-class ass. Her younger, 22 year old ass was like a hot orifice of pleasure, pink, tiny, white and tight. Her magical little hole stretched wide oh-so-responsively to accommodate his thick black cock.
"Fuck!" Tyrone groaned, "You're so fucking tight!"
"I know you...AH...like it tight." Jenny breathed, she was barely able to catch her breath as Tyrone was sodomizing her, "You love stretching me...OOooo...stretching me like this...HNNNGGG...forcing my tender hole to stretch around your...BIG....BLACK...COCK as you penetrate my ass."
It seemed almost easy for 5'6" blonde to perform such a depraved act with the 6'6" black man. She was never too fond of anal sex, except when she was super horny or drunk. Right now, she was both and discovered that anal sex with Tyrone consumed her in ways that she couldn't comprehend or deny. Maybe it was because she was being defiled on the bed that she shared with her fiancé. Maybe that was the reason why the wicked pleasure rose to levels of ecstasy that destroyed her like nothing else imaginable.
Accompanying the pleasure was a slight bit of pain, Jenny felt like she was being split apart. But soon, the searing pain melted away and turned into a delectable warmth as her tight sphincter became accustomed to Tyrone's thickness. Jenny felt him sink endlessly deeper and deeper into her. She felt like a slutty puppet wrapped around the puppet master's cock, a cock that brought her to life and controlled her trembling movements as he built up speed.
Several times, when the pleasure became too much, Jenny tried to crawl forward and away from Tyrone's powerful thrusts, but his big, strong hands pulled her hips back. There was no escape from Tyrone's rhythmic fucking, still, Jenny tried again.
"Oh no, where did you think you're going?" Tyrone growled. His hands squeezed her firm ass cheeks hard. And even though her ass was firm, his power hands were able to grab enough of her ass meat like a pair of love handles and prevented her from squirming away. He released her right cheek and watched her ass jiggle before giving it a hard downward smack.
"AHH!" Jenny yelped as she felt the stinging pain and then felt Tyrone let of her other cheek. He smacked that just as hard to make her yelp out again, "AHH!"
Jenny reached forward with her hands, her fingers clawing at the corner of a pillow case until she could grasp it at the sides. She pulled the pillow to her and buried her pretty face in it with her tits mashed into the mattress. Face down ass up, this is where she really felt the power of Tyrone's 250lb body. There was no clumsy groping, nor did his cock accidentally slip out of her ass. No, Tyrone was precise and aggressive with each thrust, slamming into her delicate ass and fucking it raw. Each impact of Tyrone's vicious thrusts made Jenny's mouth clamp down on the scrunched up pillow and cry out, "UNGH!..MMPPHH...UNGHH!!"
Jenny's shoulders were down on the bed, her ass up, her knees splayed and she felt like she was being ripped apart and she was loving it. It did hurt a bit, but she loved being controlled and used by Tyrone because she completely trusted him.
Other men had dry fucked her ass despite Jenny's cry for lube. Those men let their eagerness take priority over her wellbeing. Some even forced themselves balls deep and made it a terrible experience.
Tyrone was different, he took the time to thoroughly lube up his cock so that it would be enjoyable for her too. That was why Jenny was able to fully let go and enjoy what seemed like a brutal ass fucking. She was learning to really love anal sex, something she wasn't quite into previously. In fact, Jenny was more than enjoying it, she was loving it more and more as Tyrone slowly buried an additional inch every couple of strokes.
After a few minutes, Jenny finally felt Tyrone's balls push up against her clit and it amplified every sensation she felt. She also felt extremely intimate with him, more so than regular sex with anyone else, even Stewart. She felt every inch, every ridge on his long, black shaft buried balls deep into her ass and she felt every pulse from every vein that ran along his cock.
"Oh GAAWWDD!!" Jenny moaned, her body trembling from the intense sensation, "You like that, Ty? You like sliding your raw, hard cock inside my hot...tight...ass that I've saved just for you?"
"I do, love." Tyrone replied huskily, then he leaned over Jenny's body. He could feel her body trembling between his body and the mattress. Pressing his lips against her ear, he whispered, "But not as much as you like me fucking your ass slow and good. It hurts but you don't want me to stop because you want it so bad. You like how good it feels when I force my cock inside your tight ass."
"So deeeeeeep." Jenny moaned with a quavering voice.
Tyrone lifted himself off of the toned blonde. He could tell from the way her body was trembling that she was about to cum and he said, "Don't."
Jenny let out a mischievous smile knowing what Tyrone meant.
"Don't cum." Tyrone said, slapping her across the ass.
"It's sooo...good...I-I...I can't...take it..." Jenny stammered. It was true, normally, she would require at least some sort of stimulation on her pussy for her to enjoy anal. This was the first time where she didn't even need to rub her clit to bring herself to the edge of an assgasm.
"I'm not even fucking you yet." Tyrone sneered, "Look how desperate you are for my cock, look how desperate you want to get off. You're such a slut."
"C'mon you big stud, fuck my ass like you own it." Jenny egged on, she was eager to cum but she couldn't disobey Tyrone.
"I do own it don't I?" Tyrone smiled, "Stewart really hasn't fucked your sweet ass yet?"
Jenny shook her head, her walls were spasming as Tyrone gave her the delicious stretch that her fiancé never did. Tyrone had officially beaten Stewart to fucking her ass, thereby claiming all her holes.
"It's yours!! My ass belongs to you!! Fuck it, claim it and make me..." Jenny moaned as Tyrone gripped her waist firmly. He held her still as he quickly withdrew entirely out of her ass, then while her asshole was gaped open, he drove all the way in, balls deep and made Jenny scream, "...Ka-KA-KAAuuuUUMMM!!!"
Jenny, holding onto her pillow for dear life as Tyrone's sudden assault on the center of her core in a single thrust made her cum intensely. Her entire body tensed from her assgasm. Her body was still shuddering when she felt Tyrone's hand slid down her stomach, then between her legs and he dipped two fingers into her slit. Her body's shuddering inadvertently was grinding her g-spot against his curled fingers, setting off another orgasm, this time from the front.
"UUUGGHHHH!!" Jenny screamed from the circular effect of dual orgasms. The combined sensation of her front and rear holes being stimulated turned her assgasm into one, long, continuous wave of pleasure that spread through her body from her tight ass. The fit blonde's body became a furious orgasming machine, the alternating front to back and back to front orgasms in both her holes were fueled by Tyrone's perfectly sized cock with soul ripping intensity.
The big, white, California king sized bed became an absolute mess. Jenny's pink folds that were previously glistening with her juices like thick, sweet molasses from a jar suddenly became a geyser. The white lace garter that was wrapped around her thigh became translucent from all her juices that her cunt intermittently squirted. The essence of Jennifer Turner soaked through the bedsheets and into the mattress. And she hadn't stopped cumming since Tyrone started fingering her pussy with his mammoth sized cock was buried balls deep in her ass.
It was as though Stewart had heard his fiancée's screams from miles and miles away aboard the airliner. He was having a nightmare about being late for meeting Jenny at a house party. A friend texted and warned him that some guy was relentlessly hitting on her.
Stewart rushed there as fast as he could. While he was meandering through the sea of party goers in the house and looking for Jenny, he was fantasizing about how he was going to rescue his damsel from the villain's harassment. Stewart climbed the stairs and made his way down the hall. Closed doors lined both sides of the hallway and he became aware of the loud, passionate moans of pleasure that were coming through each of the bedroom doors. He reached the first door, took hold of the handle and hoped that his Jenny wasn't being raped on the other side.
Gingerly, Stewart turned the handle and opened the door to peek inside. A smile of relief spread across his face. Some lucky couple had obviously hooked up and Jenny was nowhere in sight. Quietly, he pulled the door shut and went to the next door. Bedroom by bedroom, his fears dissipated. Some rooms had couples making out, others had couples fucking, and one room had a couple getting dressed up when he peeked in.
The only room that remained was the one at the end of the hall and Stewart thought that perhaps Jenny wasn't up here at all. Maybe she wasn't in any of the bedrooms, maybe she didn't need to be saved, though part of him wanted to play hero. Standing in front of the last door, Stewart grabbed the door handle and turned it.
The second the door was cracked open, the sounds of "Ohhhhh! MMmm! Ohhhh fuuuccckkk uhhhmmmm! Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh!" filled the hallway before Stewart could even take a peek inside. And like he had done in the previous bedrooms, he poked his head in.
Stewart had rushed to the house party with the intention to play the hero. It was a good plan, except he was too late.
Stewart instantly recognized his Jenny. She was completely naked except for a pair of white heels. She was on all fours with her head down and ass up. From the doorway, he had a side view of them fucking, or more accurately, Jenny fucking herself on a long, thick black dick. And his fiancée was very much enjoying herself, moaning and groaning louder than any of the women from the other rooms. The dim lighting prevented him from seeing who the guy was, but he could definitely tell that a muscular black guy was positioned behind his Jenny.
"Uunngghh! Your ass is even tighter than your pussy...unnghh..yeah...unnghh...that's it, fuck yourself on my big black cock you slut.UNGH! That's it slut, ride it nice and hard..."Stewart heard the black guy growl in a deep voice. But Jenny didn't reply for she was too busy slamming herself back and forth on the guy's long cock, moaning louder in what sounded like a rapidly approaching orgasm. What made it worse was that Jenny's moans seemed to come deep from within her soul.
That was when Stewart jumped from his seat. He woke up in cold sweat before realizing that it was all a nightmare. He was safe aboard the plane and not in that wretched house party from his nightmare. He glanced at his watch and calculated that only a few hours remained until they landed. Locally, it would be late but that meant that it would be morning in California. He couldn't wait to call his beloved fiancée then, in the meantime, he pressed the service button for a stewardess. He needed a stiff drink after that nightmare.
Down on the West Coast of California, a woman screaming the words, "FAAH...f-fuck!!...YES....Haaa...I love it in my ass!!!...feels...ss-so good!" filled the quiet Malibu hills.
Darren only managed to sleep for a few hours until he was rudely awakened by Jenny's screaming from the master bedroom. He was used to minimal sleep, thanks to the navy. The little power nap that he got was all he needed and he rolled out of the guest bed. When he opened his bedroom door, Jenny's screams were even louder, "OH MY GOD! HUH...HA...AH...UaaAAHHH!...G-GOD!...oOOHHH!!"
Darren walked down the hall and knocked on the master bedroom's door. It wasn't the first time that he walked in on Tyrone shagging a bitch, however, Darren wanted to be polite.
"Come in!" Tyrone hollered from the other side of the door.
The sight that Darren saw when he opened the door was magnificent.
Tyrone's giant black body was hunched over Jenny's much smaller frame. He had one of his arms between her legs, her ass was arched up while she laid on her stomach with her arms stretched out in front of her. Jenny was naked except for a garter and a pair of white heels.
"Hey, we didn't wake you, did we?" Tyrone smirked and slipped his fingers out of Jenny's sopping cunt.
Jenny took Tyrone's fingers that just left her slippery cunt and pulled them up to her mouth. She sucked her juices clean from his fingers before pulling them out and she moaned, "Mmmm."
"Hard for anyone to sleep when you guys are fucking." Darren smiled from the doorway.
"I'm s-sorry," Jenny said as she calming down from her orgasms, "I'll try to keep quiet."
"That wouldn't be fair," Tyrone scolded and spanked Jenny's ass, "Can't make him go back to bed after your screams woke him up, can we?"
Jenny shook her head in disbelief, Tyrone couldn't be serious. But Darren misunderstood her shaking head as her answer to Tyrone's question and he entered the master bedroom. Even in the dim lighting, she could see that Darren was naked. His long slab of meat slapped from thigh to thighs as he climbed onto the big bed.
There were now two 6'6" giants towering over Jenny's much smaller 5'6" body. Darren's physique mirrored the Tyrone whom was fucking her ass. Both men had broad shoulders, sculpted chests and abs on their trim waists. With Darren's cock was just inches away from her mouth, she noticed that Tyrone's cock was an inch longer and a slightly thicker. Other than that, the two men were almost identical. Jenny couldn't help but fear for what might happen to her 110lb body caught between 500lbs of dark, solid muscle.
'250lbs of muscle and almost a foot of cock on either end.' Jenny thought as her fear turned into lust, 'I'm going to get fucked to death.'
"That's right." Tyrone teased like he read Jenny's mind. He worked his hips from side to side as his cock was fully embedded inside the hopelessly aroused wife-to-be. Jenny propped herself up onto her elbows and arched her. When she did not immediately take Darren's cock, he smacked her ass again, "Wouldn't be fair to make him wait either."
Jenny whimpered from the stinging pain on her ass cheeks. Then her mouth engulfed Darren's cock and her tongue quickly began swirling around the plump tip. Tyrone rewarded her by pulling out a slightly and then pushing his cock back into her ass. Jenny shimmied her hips and spread her knees out further to brace herself, then she remained motionless except for her head bobbing on the tip of Darren's cock.
"Yeahh...that's it...raise that ass up like a good white girl..." Tyrone said and spanked Jenny's rising ass. That made her jump and press her lips further down Darren's cock, "I think she likes being tag teamed. Ahhh...such a hot little fuck toy."
"That's fucking amazing!" Darren let out, "But there's a lot more than just the head, babe."
"No cheating, Jen." Tyrone warned, pulling his cock almost entirely out of Jenny's ass and matching his thrusts to her tempo, "I'll go as deep as you do."
Jenny whined with Darren's cock between her lips and she immediately began to take him deeper in her mouth. The two men spit-roasted her with one cock buried in her throat while the other pounded her round ass.
"We all know you can deep throat him." Tyrone pointed out and then pushed deeper into Jenny's tight ass to encourage her to take more of his friend's cock. He matched her for depth, burying his entire cock in her clenching hole when she was burying her nose against Darren's abs. She stayed like that for a few seconds before backing off and repeating the motion again.
"HHNNNGGG!" Jenny moaned with Darren's cock lodged in her throat. Two strong men sandwiched her between their big cocks. She closed her eyes and let her mind go blank so she could revel in the joy of being spit-roasted. She felt the wonderful, electrifying surge of an orgasm as she came again.
"Good girl, hold him in your throat. Fuck! You're so damn perfect." Tyrone said. He continued to hammer the shuddering blonde to heaven for a full minute, fucking in and out of her tight ass. She had yet to come up for air and now he was worried that if he didn't say anything, Jenny would continue to hold Darren's cock down her throat until she suffocated. He stopped pounding her delectable little ass and said, "OK that's enough, I think Darren wants to try that heavenly blessed cunt of yours."
"Hehe...damn right I do." Darren wheezed, "How can a little thing like you swallow such a big cock? Where the fuck does it all go?"
Light headed and trembling, Jenny lifted up from Darren's cock and answered, "Hmmm, that's a really good question, I've never even thought about it. I just do what comes naturally."
"How'd you wanna do it? Standing up?" Darren asked Tyrone.
"Yeah, that's probably best." Tyrone answered.
Jenny inhaled sharply as Tyrone started sliding his long, thick cock out of her ass. Her tight hole was desperately trying cling onto his withdrawing shaft. She could feel his cock sliding out and out and out. It seemed like forever until she felt the broad head of the tip pop out of her clenching asshole.
"C'mere." Darren said, climbing off the bed. He stood at the side of the bed with his hand held out towards Jenny.
Jenny took Darren's hand and he pulled her up on her feet to face him. She put her hands on his muscular shoulders as he bent down. He slid his hands between the inside of her legs, hooked his arms around the back of her knees and lifted her up so that her legs were spread out wide. Jenny wrapped her arms around Darren's neck while he buried his face between her tits.
The plump tip of Darren's cock spread Jenny's slick pussy lips apart, then he dropped her unceremoniously onto his cock. She was still wet with the mixture of Tyrone's cum and her juices from earlier, that and her saliva coating Darren's cock helped but her tight pussy fought his big, bad cock. With almost her entire body weight resting on his cock, her pussy inevitably yielded until her silky slit was clenching tightly around base of his cock.
"OH FUCK! That is some...tight fucking pussy!" Darren moaned between Jenny's tits. The feeling of her pussy lips clenched around his cock like a tight cock ring was sensational, "I thought Ty would have loosened you up but FUCK! Your pussy feels so tight around my cock."
"He did...UH...stretch...AH...me out...but...OO..." Jenny moaned as Darren began thrusting into her, "my OH...pussy...UH...tightens...HA...back up...again."
"SHIET! Is that right?" Darren smiled as he continued fucking her standing up, "You were right though, this pussy just might be worth leaving the navy for."
"You'll have to if you want to fuck her." Tyrone smirked.
"Oh I will if I get to fuck her regularly." Darren said, "Would ya like that, huh?"
"Yes...OOHH...YES!" Jenny gasped each time Darren shoved his cock in, "Fuck me...all...OH GOD...you want...UH...if Ty's...OK...AH...with it."
"Ty's like my brother, we share everything." Darren groaned as his hips grinded into Jenny's ass and buried his cock into her snug sleeve, "Fuck, this is some good ass pussy. Ain't nothing like fresh young pussy!"
"Wait til you fuck her ass." Tyrone smirked, stepping in behind Jenny. The way Darren was holding Jenny forced her to stick her butt up and out. He grabbed one of her round ass cheeks and spread her firm cheeks apart while he wielded his cock in his other hand.
"WHAT?" Jenny shrieked at the sudden realization of what was about to happen, "You can't be seri -"
"Shhh." Hushed both men in unison.
"OooOOHH! UGH! UGH! UGH!" Jenny screamed. Her pussy was already completely filled with Darren's nine inch monster, and the added sensation of Tyrone's even bigger ten inch cock slowly cramming up her ass was an eye popping experience in it of itself. If her neighbors hadn't heard her screams before, they sure as hell would hear them now, "Oh...oh...oh...OH...MY...GOD! UNGH!!"
Not even Jenny's high pitched wailing and mewling stopped them from taking what they wanted. Darren ignored Jenny's screams and bent his knees to lower her further down Tyrone's cock. Inch by agonizing inch of hard black cock strained and pushed through the 22 year old's velvety depths. Her holes were stretched to their limits and her orifices were clenched tightly around the two cocks as she squirmed. She was caught between the two men with no escape. They were too large, too muscular and too determined to fully skewer the young fiancée.
"AAAWWWW!!!" Jenny howled as her sweltering slit and tiny asshole became the personal playthings for these two black men. The cunt filling, anal churning penetrations left Jenny gasping for air and made every nerve in her body tingle with excitement. She continued to scream until all the air left her lungs.
"Yup. That's a lot of cock you got jammed up in you." Darren chuckled as Jenny silently howled. He was balls deep inside her cunt and he could feel Tyrone's cock through the soft wall that separated her holes.
Jenny had been double penetrated before, many times over. Most of the time though, it was with averaged sized guys in one hole and maybe a big dick in the other. Never did she have a big cock in each hole at the same time. This was something else entirely, this was on a totally different level of being double penetrated and Jenny felt like she was bursting at the seams.
The fit 5'6" blonde looked relatively small between the black giants. She looked much too petite for big cocks, let alone two colossal sized cocks that were almost the size of her forearm, each stuffed up her ass and pussy. The sensation was entirely new and was unlike anything else she had experienced. These two brutes had opened up a whole new world for her to explore.
Jenny was beginning to enjoy the fully stuffed feeling as Tyrone worked the last inch into her ass. It felt crowded down there and she was afraid that she might be hooked on that feeling. She gazed down in disbelief, she couldn't help but picture her vanilla stripe looking like the creamy center of an Oreo cookie. That mental image in her mind made the beautiful buxom blonde explode between the two men.
"GGAAAAH!!!" The sounds of Jenny inhaling a sharp, deep breath like a swimmer coming up for air. Her lips formed an "O" as her head flew back and her body tensed. Her orgasm was overwhelming her senses, making her feel like she was imploding and exploding simultaneously. It was a magnificent sight, the smoking hot 22 year old wife-to-be was trembling as she was cumming on their cocks and spewing her juices all over them.
Jenny thought that maybe since Darren have not had any pussy for so long, he would cum quick after she did. She had no idea how wrong she was.
The couple of brothers were just starting.
Jenny's pretty blonde head thrashed about as they took turns filling the petite woman with their cocks. Tyrone had to time his thrusts perfectly because when Jenny came, her ass would clench so tight that it made entry impossible and he didn't want to risk hurting her by forcing it in.
Sandwiched between two muscular bodies, Jenny's body shook from the impact of each man's relentless thrust as they reamed her soft, tight holes. Every thrust gave her mind numbing orgasms that made her tremble between the two men like a leaf in a storm. Her body went limp from being totally dominated and controlled by their power cocks.
Tyrone and Darren were mercilessly hammering Jenny through back to back orgasms, sending her to new climatic heights. They kept playing with their cumming slut, never letting up and no sooner did one cock vacate her tight hole did another fill her other hole.
"Oh you dirty little cum slut, is it too much for you to handle?" Tyrone said, shoving his cock up her ass as soon as Darren's cock pulled back.
"You like my fat cock hitting that sweet spot?" Darren asked, driving his cock in as Tyrone slid back, "Rubbing it with every thrust, it gets you doesn't it?"
"You should take a look of yourself," Tyrone added, slamming his cock into Jenny's delicate ass while her pussy was still impaled on Darren's cock and teased, "you're getting fucked so good your mind goes out of the window."
"Should we stop and let you take a break?" Darren asked rhetorically as both he and Tyrone pulled out of the trembling blonde simultaneously.
Jenny didn't answer, or rather, she couldn't answer. She just kept moaning. Her body had taken over and answered for her. Her tanned hips kept pumping, desperate to find something, anything to fill the voids in her lower holes. It was clear that she wasn't finished.
"We're kidding of course, we're nowhere near done with you." Darren said, putting his cock back into Jenny's snug little sleeve, "Here's a cock you dirty little minx."
"OH GOD! I feel like...everything is breaking...OH GAWWWWD!!" Jenny moaned, leaning back against Tyrone, her hands fell from Darren's neck as her mind exploded with another orgasm.
"Cock goes in, mind goes out." Darren snickered.
Jenny's orgasm lasted for half a minute, then she rubbed her hands along her stomach and up to her chest. Her hands massaged her tits, her fingers occasionally pinched a nipple and sent smaller orgasms through her body. She needed another cock to satisfy the deep hunger that was consuming her. Tilting her head back and over Tyrone's shoulders, she felt lost in her pursuit of pleasure and she panted, "Please ruin me with that cock until I can't think or breathe."
Tyrone was more than happy to oblige after he added some more lube to his cock. Then he rammed his cock into Jenny's cute little asshole and her tight hole effortlessly took in every inch that he gave her.
Now with her full weight resting on their cocks, Jenny's mind was melting from a chain of orgasms. Her hips were undulating, her skin and every nerve in her body was tingling with pleasure. She closed her eyes, continuing to rub her hands over her body, her hips unconsciously bucking to the rhythm of their strokes until her mind blanked out.
Jenny came to when her body realized Tyrone was cumming. By the time what was happening registered in her mind, his cock was already spasming and pumping his creamy load into her ass. She couldn't tell how much cum was pumped into her, but it felt like several gallons. The feeling of hot cum splashing inside her felt so exquisite. Darren pinned her against Tyrone's body as he continued slamming into her cunt, keeping her on the arch of her own personal heaven.
The amount of cum Tyrone pumped into Jenny was too much for her body to hold. As soon as his long cock withdrew from her ass, a white frothy stream of cum spilled out from her clenching hole and splashed down onto the floor.
When Darren saw that Tyrone was done, he spun on his heel and held onto Jenny as they crashed onto the bed.
Jenny landed on her back, right into a puddle of her own juices created earlier when she was on her hands and knees as Tyrone fucked her ass. Jenny knew that whether she was on her back or on her knees, her soul purpose was to please. So there, bucking and thrashing beneath Darren's big black cock, she held her hand out for her master's cock that she'd now been driven insane by. It didn't matter which hole, as long as Tyrone's cock was in her, she was content.
Tyrone happily hopped onto the bed, his semi-hard cock swung freely just above Jenny's face. She tried to deep throat him on a couple passes but came up short on each attempt. It was a bad angle with her being on her back, her high heeled feet fanning the air while Darren was nailing the little slut to the bed.
"MMmhhhmmmhmmmm." Jenny moaned as she swirled her tongue around the tip of Tyrone's cock. Her hand was gently massaging his balls to drain every single drop until she had her fill, then she released the plump tip from her lips and savored the rich flavor of his cum, "So good!"
Jenny reached down with her other hand and felt Darren's balls. His sack was heavy with cum that was about to be released any second now. Thrust after thrust, his big sack slapped her sore asshole as he pounded the center of her femininity.
"FUCK!" Darren growled. He had already held back several times, but after watching Jenny's full lips take his friend's fat cock after it had just been in her ass, the sight of it all was too much. His mind replayed the scene from moments ago when the sultry blonde was eagerly slurping and sucking on his friend's cock for the rich white bounty that was seeping from the tip. The images in his mind made him growl out again, "FUCK!"
Jenny was wiggling her hips while holding onto Tyrone's cock and looking into Darren's eyes. She gave Tyrone's cock another lick and she asked, "You gonna give me more?"
"NO...CON...DOM!" Darren grunted and tensed up every muscle in his body in an effort to hold back.
"A condom?" Jenny asked innocently as if she never heard of a condom before, "No...no condoms."
"AARGGHH!" Darren growled as every muscle in his body flexed. He was so close to the edge, he didn't dare to try to pull out in case the sensation of her tight cunt made him pop.
Dregs of white cum trickled down Jenny's beautiful face and she eagerly wiped the gooey substance into her mouth. She locked her eyes with Darren as she swallowed and said, "How would you cum inside me with a condom on?"
"GOD DAMN!!!" Darren cried as his balls quaked and his cock stiffened as hard as steel. Jenny's dirty talk broke the dam and his engorged cock began pumping pearly white cum deep inside her succulent pussy.
Jenny refused to let go of Tyrone's cock. She grasped Tyrone's cock with one hand and wrapped her legs around Darren's waist to pull him in closer. Her tight pussy was being filled to the brim with hot, gooey white cum and her vaginal muscles were clamping down around Darren's pumping shaft, milking it for every last drop. She gripped his cock so tight, Darren couldn't pull out if he tried, that, and she literally had him by the balls.
Jenny's pussy was pounded and beaten with spasms of lust as Darren was filling her up, expanding her cunt with his cum. Her body was trembling with a series of mind numbing, nerve tingling orgasms and her pussy was spasming so tightly it was aching with painful ecstasy. When her tight orifice reached maximum capacity, Darren's sticky cum oozed out between her pink slit and his cock and drooled down the crevice between her ass cheeks.
It took a few more seconds for Darren's balls to completely drain. His spurts turned into a dribble and Jenny unwrapped her legs to release him. She could feel that her cunt was overflowing with his cum and when he pulled out, a long stream of cum followed and spilled out from her gaping pink pussy lips.
Standing at the edge of the bed, Darren stuck two fingers between Jenny's slippery slit and spread her pussy lips wider to allow more cum to run out. His cum spilled out of one hole and into the other.
"OOOHHHhh." Jenny moaned, feeling the warmth of Darren's cum in both of her holes. Then she felt Darren pushing his semi-hard cock against her rosebud. There was plenty of cum for lube and he easily entered into her ass. She pulled Tyrone's cock into her mouth and used it to stifle her moans, "HMMMPPPHH!"
"FUCK...that...is...TIGHT! I'm not even fully hard! You know you need to spread wider for me to go all the way, don't you?" Darren groaned in delight and slowly began to fuck her ass. The combination of Jenny's delicate little asshole clenching around his shaft, the slick mixture of cum acting as a lubricant made sliding his cock in and out of her that much more silky and pleasurable. He glanced down, his eyes soaking in the scene. The beautiful 22 year old blonde was on her back, she had one black cock in her mouth and another one in her ass. Using his hands, he pushed down on her knees and pinned her legs on the mattress as he said, "Here, let me help you keep those sexy legs spread wiiiiddde open. That's it, just like that."
"Oh I love watching you impale my ass. Can you feel how tight I am wrapped around your cock?" Jenny said after releasing Tyrone's cock from her mouth. Then, a mischievous grin spread across her face as she glanced down her body to see her legs spread out in a lewd 'M' letter. Her right hand stroked Tyrone's cock while she slid her fingers between her folds, she looked Darren in the eye and begged, "Take me to heaven with your big black cock...PLEASE!"
"DAYMN BITCH! You still hungry for MORE? You always go this hard whenever you fuck?" Darren breathed, working up a steady rhythm to get himself hard again, "Or just on nigga cock?"
"I like...AH...all cocks." Jenny admitted, smiling shyly, "But I...UH...love...big...BLACK...cocks."
"Uh-uh, say 'big nigga cock.'" Darren smiled and felt Jenny clench a little tighter around his cock.
"Nah uh, I don't want to say that." Jenny giggled uncomfortably. She was raised never to use that word because it was absolutely wrong.
"Say the word, Jen." Darren said.
"Why? It's offensive and rude." Jenny whined and looked to Tyrone for help.
"That's a matter of perspective." Darren replied, "I love hearing a white woman say it, especially when I'm fucking them."
"I'll say big BLACK cock." Jenny said, standing her ground. She had never used that vile word before and thought it was supposed to be offensive to black men. She pulled Tyrone's cock back into her mouth and hoped that a mouthful of cock would save her from having to say the nefarious word.
"Let me hear you say it baby." Darren reiterated. He refused to compromise and pulled his cock halfway out of Jenny's ass.
Tyrone noticed that every time the word 'nigga' was mentioned, there was a little gleam in Jenny's eyes. He looked her in the eye and asked, "You like sucking on that nigga cock?"
Jenny looked at Tyrone and swirled her tongue around the tip of his cock. First Darren, now him. His eyes told her that they weren't going to let her get away without saying what they wanted to hear.
"Let me hear you say it." Tyrone demanded.
"MMmm." Jenny moaned, "I like sucking on your nigga cock."
"Yes baby, that's it." Tyrone smiled in affirmation. He pulled his cock away from Jenny's pink lips and smacked her face with it several times as she giggled nervously.
"I'm never saying that again." Jenny laughed. It seemed strange coming from her, but the word 'nigga' just seemed to roll off her lips. And the truth was, for some reason, she found that the forbidden word made her hornier and brought dirty talk onto a whole new level. Maybe the guys found the term to be provoking. It was an ironic twist of fate though, the forbidden term was previously used by whites to refer their black slaves and now their roles were reversed. The two black men wanted a white woman to call them 'niggas' as they were using her like a sex slave.
"Yes you will if you want to get some more." Tyrone said and pushed his cock between Jenny's lips.
"This nigga cock feels so good in your ass." Darren groaned as he shoved his cock balls deep into Jenny's ass, "You like getting fucked by this nigga cock?"
"Mmmhmm." Jenny moaned with a mouthful of cock.
"You like getting fucked by his nigga cock, huh?" Tyrone asked.
Jenny pulled Tyrone out from her lips and replied, "Yeah."
Jenny tried to latch her lips around Tyrone's cock but he pulled it away from her mouth and demanded, "Uh-uh, tell him."
"I like getting fucked by your nigga cock." Jenny smiled at Darren and instantly felt his cock get harder.
Tyrone rewarded her by putting his cock in her mouth and grinned, "That's my girl."
"You like this big nigga cock inside your tight white ass?" Darren asked and noticed that Jenny clenched when he said 'nigga.'
"Yeah." Jenny replied, "Big...nigga cock."
'There she goes again.'Darren thought as he felt her clench again. Then he demanded, "Say it again."
"AH...I like this big nigga cock." Jenny moaned and Darren's cock got even harder. She was less and less hesitant to say the forbidden word now, she even licked the top of her lip right after she said it.
"Yeah, you naughty girl you." Tyrone grinned.
"Yeah I'm naughty," Jenny said as she licked her lips again, "I'm naughty for nigga cock."
Right after Jenny said that, she felt Darren's cock become rock hard again. She pulled her cum covered fingers out of her sweltering snatch, raised her hand to her mouth and sucked her fingers clean with her lips, "Oh wow...you're...ahh...hard...again."
Darren was mesmerized by the way Jenny's big tits rolled back and forth as he fucked her. But what caught his attention the most was watching her finger her pink, slick, cum soaked cunt and then cleaning her fingers off. Despite her repeated cleaning efforts, cum continued to flow out of her slit and down onto his shaft. He didn't mind though, it kept his cock well lubricated as he plowed her ass.
In and out Darren's cock went as he continued to pound Jenny's tight ass. He only lasted several minutes and then fatigue started to set in. He was, after all, running on very little sleep, still quite a bit buzzed and he had already came. But Darren forged on, continuing to ravage Jenny's tight, white ass even though he was going slower and slower with every thrust.
Even Tyrone was at his limits as he wavered side to side on his knees.
"Awwww...is that all you guys got?" Jenny purred teasingly at the guys, "I still want more! Where's this big thug nigga cock I keep hearing about?"
"Time to toss this bitch around like a ragdoll and wreck every hole on her body." Tyrone said, grabbing a handful of Jenny's hair and pulling her mouth onto his cock.
"Spin'er round." Darren said, bringing Jenny's legs together and rolling her onto her side. He pulled out from her and backed away from the bed, "I'mma doggy style this bitch."
"Go for it." Tyrone said with Jenny slobbering all over his cock. Then all of a sudden, her mouth left his cock with a loud 'PLOP!'
"AHH!" Jenny yelped as Darren grabbed her ankles and yanked her down the bed. She looked back at Darren and saw his raging hard cock. She watched him grab her hips and lift her up onto her heels. She now had her hands on the mattress, standing with her feet together, bending over the foot of the bed and she purred, "Wow! You're a strong nigga stud like your friend."
"That's right, you fucking slut." Darren snarled and wedged the crown of his cock between her cheeks, "And you're gonna take this thug ass cock all the way up your yappy trophy wife ass."
"OH!" Jenny squealed as Darren's cock was penetrating her core, "Don't start what you can't finish, big guy."
"These rich white bitches." Darren said to Tyrone, "Such demanding little princesses, aren't they?"
"A girl likes to be treated like a princess." Jenny smiled.
"Then let's make her feel like a princess." Tyrone said, climbing off of the bed and moving to the end of the massive California king sized bed, "A dirty. Horny. Cock hungry princess."
Jenny's hands left the bed and grabbed onto Tyrone's shaft as she turned to him. The young fiancée was sandwiched between the two giant black men. They were all standing except Jenny, who was bending over at her waist. The height of her heels accentuated her legs so that she was standing on the tip of her toes. With her lips less than an inch away from Tyrone's cock, her tongue slithered out and licked the tip and she teased, "Are you sure you can still cum?"
"That depends, do you know what your mouth is for?" Tyrone asked harshly.
"Sucking." Jenny said, giving the tip a quick suck, then flicking her tongue along the underside of the crown, she added, "Licking."
"And?" Tyrone demanded.
"And swallowing." Jenny moaned and licked her lips.
"Then why are you still talking?" Tyrone snarled.
Jenny obeyed instantly and obediently. Not like she had any other choice since both Tyrone and Darren thrust into her at the same time. Jenny dropped her hands to her knees and she grabbed on them for support as Darren slammed balls deep into her hot, tight ass from the rear while Tyrone filled her equally hot, wet mouth from the front.
Impaled from both ends with their hard cocks, Jenny couldn't move. Darren had a vice like grip on her hips as he plowed into her ass, and Tyrone had a firm grip on the back of her head as he fucked her mouth. All Jenny could do was suck on the cock that was buried deep into her throat while her ass took in the other big black cock.
The bedroom echoed with the cacophony of sex sounds. The sounds of 'SCHLUCK! SCHLUCK! SCHLUCK!' came from the gorgeous blonde each time she deep throated Tyrone's black cock. And those sounds added to her moans of 'MMMMPPPHHH! MMMPPPHHH!' around his cock as she tried to suck and swirl her tongue around the tip of his cock the best she could. And both of those sounds added to the sounds of 'SQUISH! SQUISH! SQUISH!' as Darren was hammering her tight little ass.
"Hey." Tyrone said. Jenny raised her eyes up to meet his. She looked so sexy with his raging cock in her mouth and throat while her pink lips were wrapping tightly around the base of his thick shaft.
Darren continued to ream her ass from behind and he made Jenny's lips slide up and down the whole length of his buddy's cock.
"What were you saying about nigga cock?" Tyrone demanded and pulled his cock out of the Jenny's mouth with wet 'SMOK!' to let her answer.
"I'm sorry! I'll be a good girl, just please be gentle with me, I beg you!" Jenny let out a high pitched moan.
"You're lucky...I can't...hold on much longer." Tyrone grunted as Jenny latched back onto his cock, her tongue swirling around the tip like a tornado, "That...fucking...tongue!"
Jenny didn't know what was more humiliating. The fact that Darren was fucking her ass with his balls slapping her pussy, or the fact that she was in a threesome with two guys she barely knew, in the master bedroom that she shared with her fiancé, who was thousands of miles away. Her thoughts took her focus away from Tyrone's cock and she unconsciously let him thrust into her face.
"I'm gonna cum!!" Tyrone roared, and with his left hand, he pulled his thick cock from Jenny's lips. His right hand cupped the left side of her face and tilted her right cheek up.
Instinctively, Jenny whipped her hair on the left side of her face just in time for Tyrone's cock to ooze out a torrent of cum to paint her pretty face. Of course, she opened her mouth wide to try to catch as much as possible. Drop after drop of the thick, heavy cum oozed all over her cheek and dribbled down her gorgeous face. More cum oozed onto her face, though none went into her mouth. Warm, thick white cum was dripping down her cheek, her chin and running down her neck, then down between her heaving tits.
Jenny's right cheek was absolutely covered in cum and she didn't think Tyrone was ever going to stop cumming. A few seconds later, Tyrone finally let out a deep breath and pushed his cock between Jenny's lips that were so patiently waiting for cum. Her patience was rewarded by two more loads into her hungry mouth. Jenny was gingerly sucking on the sensitive tip, running her tongue over the twitching tip for every last drop of cum. She had never seen anyone cum that much after cumming several times in the same day.
"What a filthy whore you've become." Tyrone said as he looked down at the cum covered cheating fiancée.
Jenny slipped Tyrone's cock out of her mouth and replied, "Hehe...your whore...I'm all yours, hun."
Right after Jenny replied, she took Tyrone's cock back into her mouth. She was incredibly turned on by thinking about the amount of cum he had deposited on her or in her. That and the whole situation made her want to cum right then and there.
Darren's cock was still lodged comfortably inside Jenny's snug ass when Tyrone was cumming. He had watched his buddy hose down the pretty blonde like he did with the brunette they tag teamed last time he was on leave. Then there were the redhead and brunette before her. So Darren knew better than to move, less he wanted to get caught in the cross fire. After Tyrone had finished, Darren snaked his hands around Jenny's hips and down between her legs.
Jenny was stunned by what happened next. She had Tyrone's slowly softening cock resting tantalizingly against the inside of her left cheek when Darren's fingers spread her slit and pulled back the little hood that covered her clit.
Tyrone looked down at the cum covered cheating fiancée and watched her big blue eyes grow wide.
Darren's left hand kept Jenny's sensitive clit fully exposed while his right index finger was flicking her clit like he using a scroll on a very, very long page.
"MMMMMPPHHHH!!!!" Jenny yelped with Tyrone's cock between her lips. Her hands darted from her knees in a panic to stop Darren's fingers. But her hands never reached her crotch, instead, they grasped at something in mid-air as Darren's fingers sent a shock throughout her body.
Jenny's arms hung in mid-air, halfway between her knees and her crotch. With her ass chock full of cock and the flicking frenzy between her legs, everything started to spin and shake. Her toes curled inside her stilettos and caused her to raise her ass slightly. Her already firm calves tensed up even more until the tension spread up to her smooth thighs. Her toned abs tensed up, followed by her arms. Then her entire body was so tense that she was trembling, which added a nice jiggle to her tits. Even the cool night air seemed to be caressing her hard nipples, sending tingles that were radiating throughout her body.
For a moment, even Jenny's breathing stopped as a torrent of juices gushed out from her slit. The young woman's lust splashed down onto the hardwood floor. And when her body relaxed, she managed to gulp down a breath of fresh air a split second ahead of her next orgasm.
Darren's fingers never let up, he couldn't. Not when Jenny was tensing up with her thighs squeezing his hands, she was either trying to stop him or keep his hands on her quivering cunt. No, he wasn't going to stop, not when he had her cumming like a waterfall. And definitely not even when her long, sexy smooth legs were shaking in her 5 inch stilettos. He could feel her whole body tense up, every muscle in her body clenched tight, then she relaxed into a gentle tremble for a split second and tensed up again. This cycle went on and on. And as long as he kept on strumming her clit, she continued cumming and squirting.
Jenny rode the roller coaster of orgasms and the bedroom floor where they stood was starting to look like someone had dumped a bucket of water. She eventually stopped squirting but her body continued to shudder whether her muscles were tensed up or relaxed. And then, just like that, her body gave out and she went limp.
Jenny's head dropped and Tyrone's cock sprang up from her lips. Her entire body almost collapsed but thankfully, Darren had her hips wedged between his arms and he grabbed her wrists. Darren pulled Jenny's arms behind her and made her spine slightly arch, if he had not, she would have went face first onto the hardwood floor. He held her like that, her legs straightened and together, her upper body pulled up and back towards him, her chest thrust out at Tyrone with her mouth hung open and her head hung low.
Jenny's eyes were shut, her breathing became shallow again and yet her body was continued trembling from the after effects of cumming so hard. She felt Tyrone's hand her face, then his fingers on her chin as he lifted up her head.
"That all you got?" Tyrone smirked and lightly slapped Jenny across her face. Looking at her flushed face, her eyes closed, her lips slightly parted, breathing deeply, she looked so tranquil, so satiated and exhausted all at the same time. His hand brushed across her other cheek and lifted up her chin again.
"I promise! I promise I'll be good." Jenny breathed, her eyes fluttered open, her lips started to form a smile and then her eyes closed again. She felt Darren's hands grab her above the elbows, then he leaned back. He leaned back far enough to lift her off her toes and that made her open her eyes. This time, her eyes stayed open.
"Don't start what you can't finish." Tyrone grinned, his hand leaving her chin and letting her head drop.
Jenny realized what was about to happen and her eyes grew wide in surprise. Here she was, literally suspended in her bedroom by a giant cock up her ass. Darren's strong hands tightly gripped her biceps and he was squeezing her arms against her body to prevent her from rolling side to side. Desperately she begged, "DAMN...t-that was...j-just...just l-lemme rest...for a biiIIITTTTTT....puh..PUH...PLEA...ease-EASE..."
Jenny was like a ragdoll in Darren's clutches. Her feet were not even touching the floor as he began to sodomize her in mid-air. Darren hammered into her with such force that her 110lb frame was helplessly propelled upwards by his cock, only to be brought down by gravity.
"UGH!..UGH!...UGH!" Jenny moaned in quick short breathes as her ass slammed down hard against Darren's hips over and over. The sounds of their colliding bodies resonated throughout the bedroom and out the window.
"That's it....Moan for me....SHOW. ME. HOW. MUCH. YOU. LIKE. IT!" Darren growled between thrusts. With each thrust, his breathing was becoming more erratic from holding and fucking Jenny.
"UGH!..UGH!...UGH!" Jenny continued moaning. Her head flew back, sending her blonde hair splashing over her tanned back. Never in her entire 22 years of life had she been fucked so hard in the ass like she was now. She felt so petite, so used, so powerless against Darren's cock. She felt like a bunch of walking holes to be used. She felt like their hump toy. A nigga's hump toy.
"AARRGGHH!!" Darren roared loudly. His legs felt like they were on fire as his hips began moving frantically, jabbing Jenny's ass with quick short strokes as the sensation of blowing his load was overwhelming him. He leaned back some more and with one final hard thrust, every muscle in his body flexed as he pulled Jenny in tight. His entire body stilled as he impaled her twitching hole right with his swelling cock. The tightness of her ass clenching around his expanding shaft was a mix of excruciating pain and ecstasy. Her tight little rosebud resisted even the slightest expansion of his shaft.
"Oooooohhhhhh." Jenny moaned softly with her ass pressed against Darren's hips. She wriggled her hips, grinding her tiny pink ring around his shaft that was pumping copious amounts of warm, gooey cum deep inside her ass.
"Oh you beautiful white thang." Darren mumbled, lost in the sensation of Jenny clenched tightly around his shaft like a vice. After what felt like pumping out a gallon of cum, his orgasm subsided and then he let Jenny down on her feet. They were both standing and he resumed stroking his long thick cock in and out of her tight, slippery asshole. His cum acted as an additional lubricant but even he had his limits. His cock slowly softened until it slipped out of her tight little rosebud.
"You like that white ass?" Jenny asked. With all her remaining energy, she bent forward at the waist and grabbed her ankles.
"Fuck yeah, you've got the sweetest ass in the world!" Darren sighed stroking his softening cock at the sight of Jenny's tight little rosebud contracting and pushing his cum out of her tight orifice. All of her pink holes were lined up perfectly. Her asshole was at the top with gooey white cum pouring out and sliding down the crevice of her pink slit, there, his cum hung languidly onto her clit before each pearly dollop dropped.
"OH!" Jenny exclaimed as the first drop landed on her chin. She had planned on only giving Darren a view of her ravaged holes but cum was literally raining down onto her. More cum fell from her clit and Jenny tucked her chin against her chest to catch the tasty drops with her mouth.
Although Jenny practiced yoga regularly, she had never done the uttanasana pose in high heels and certainly not for this purpose. She was surprised she didn't think of this before. She could imagine how hot she looked right then. She was almost naked had she not been wearing her lace white garter, standing in her white 5 inch heels in the master bedroom she shared with her beloved finance, bending forward from her hips with her hands grabbing her ankles, her flat stomach pressing against her toned thighs and her tits almost touching her knees. All the while cum was dripping out of her ass, glazing over her pussy and into her mouth.
Lost in her thoughts, Jenny didn't notice that Darren wasn't finished. Without saying a word, he squatted down with his legs outside of Jenny's and stuffed his soft cock into her open mouth.
"Damn!" Darren said admiring his work. Jenny's pussy looked like a freshly glazed donut, "Ass to mouth is no problem for this one."
"Yeah buddy!" Tyrone replied, "She takes it all ways, all day."
"Look at her licking it all up." Darren said, pulling out of her mouth.
Jenny turned around and sat down on the floor, right in their pool of cum and her juices.
"Yup. Takes a fucking and keeps on sucking." Tyrone commented as Jenny curled on the floor and he watched her use her tongue to scoop up the wads of cum around her cheeks into her mouth, "She loves that cum."
Jenny sat up and leaned against the side of the bed. She surveyed herself and saw that she was an absolute mess. Her skin had a wet sheen from being covered in sweat and cum, her breasts were rising and falling with her nipples pointy and hard. Her bedsheets, the chaise and the dark hardwood floor were soaked with sexual juices. But any tension and anxiety she had about...anything...was just...gone.
"How you feeling?" Tyrone asked Jenny.
"Wonderful." Jenny moaned softly and dreamily with a soft grin on her lips. She felt absolutely wonderful, "You guys wore me out."
"HAHA." Darren laughed, "You're not the first.
"And you won't be the last." Tyrone laughed.
"Yeah, but it's a first for me." Jenny pouted and pretended to be coy.
"Then we should celebrate." Darren smiled.
"You were magnificent and D's right. We should celebrate." Tyrone said. He knelt down next to Jenny and pinched her nipple lightly, "Where's he keep the whiskey and cigars?"
"How did you know he has cigars?" Jenny asked in shock.
Stewart occasionally smokes them when they have guests over. It was more a social thing for him than it was a habit. But Jenny was sure that Stewart wouldn't have mentioned anything about it to Tyrone, especially since they only met today.
"Rich bastards like your fiancé always have a few cigars laying around." Tyrone replied, "Quit holding out on us."
"OH!" Jenny gasped as Tyrone gently tweaked her nipple between his thumb and forefinger, "Downstairs."
"Think he'd mind?" Tyrone asked with a smirk.
Stewart had boxes of cigars and Jenny doubted that he would notice a few missing. Tyrone rolled her nipple back and forth and she could feel her pussy getting wet. She wondered how on earth she could be getting horny again, especially since she had one of the most orgasm filled nights she had ever experienced, with men or toys. Yet Tyrone's touch turned her into putty and the way he was tweaking her nipple drove her insane for big black cocks again. Jenny would gladly give up a few of Stewart's cigars to her new man.
Jenny shook her head in response.
"Good. Bring them to me." Tyrone grinned and pulled on Jenny's nipple until her tit sprang free from his fingers as he stood up.
"Why'd you even ask? Ain't like you give a shit." Darren chuckled as he stood up.
"You think he'd be pissed?" Tyrone asked as the two men walked out to the large patio outside the master bedroom and left Jenny leaned against the foot of the bed.
"Probably not as much as us tag teaming his fiancée. Either ways, since we're here, we might as well sample the drinks and cigars too!" Jenny heard Darren scoff. She wondered what was happening to her. Normally, she should be fine for a long while after a fucking like that. But now, even just after a marathon fuck, the mere thought of sex made her pulse quicken and her body was needy again!
'Get your mind off of sex girl.' Jenny thought to herself. She rose to her feet, her mind focused on the drinks and cigars. She was walking to the doorway when she suddenly felt warmth between her legs and it was sliding down her thighs. Her hand slipped between her legs and felt cum oozing out from both her lower holes.
Jenny was too tired to look for her g-string. She was already going to have to clean up the dining room and the master bedroom. She did not want to have to clean up a trail of cum throughout the house, so she slipped off her white garter. The flimsy lace fabric was much more transparent from when she squirted. She stuffed half of the soaked and dripping wet garter into her slit and stuffed the other half into her ass to slow the copious amount of cum from leaking out.
"Just like old times, flipping hoes like flapjacks." Jenny heard Darren say as she left the master bedroom and went down into the basement.
At the bottom of the basement stairs, there was a table big enough for eight people up the front part of Stewart's dine in wine cellar. Jenny's fiancé loved to show off his wine collection to their guests. Truth be told, it was a beautifully designed wine cellar, complete with white oak floors and mahogany racks. It even had a crystal hanging chandelier above the table.
There was another room off to the side that actually stored the wine. Jenny hated going into that room because it was always cold, the temperature being set to 54 degrees year round. Whenever she went in to bring out a bottle for Stewart's guests, at least one person would notice the effect the chilly room had on her nipples.
Tonight, even though Jenny didn't have to go into the wine cellar, the basement was a cool 60 degrees, cool enough to give her skin goose bumps. Her heels echoed loudly off the walls on her way to the cigar lounge.
Entering through the glass doors, the lounge looked like a private gentleman's club with floor to ceiling wooden paneled walls. The wall that faced the entrance had display cases that housed many boxes of cigars. The lounge was designed for relaxation with a gas fireplace along the wall to the right and it even had a square coffee table in front of it. Two leather club chairs flanked the coffee table and a Chesterfield sofa faced the fireplace.
The mini bar, complete with barstools was on the opposite side of the room. Behind the bar was a display case full of bourbon, whisky and scotch. While Stewart's whisky collection was not vast as his wine collection, there were still a lot of bottles to choose from.
Jenny remembered Stewart mentioning something about a bottle of Crown Royal possibly winning an award or something. She grabbed a tray from the mini bar and loaded it with a half-finished bottle, two whisky glasses and then she headed over humidor cases.
Jenny knew nothing about cigars, but she had seen Stewart pairing a Joya De Nicaragua Antano 1970 with the Crown Royal several times before. She grabbed two of those cigars, a cigar cutter, a torch lighter and she brought those over to the mini bar. She adding the new items to the tray and brought it back upstairs to the guys.
When Jenny got upstairs, she could hear their deep voices over the soft lapping of ocean waves crashing into the sandy beaches not far away. Once she entered the master bedroom, she could hear Darren's voice clearly, "That hot slut of yours has tired me out man. Of all the sex bars and brothels I have been to around the world, I have never seen a slut like that."
The guys were out on the patio admiring the brightening gray sky overhead. They had their backs to her and Jenny couldn't tell who was who, all she saw were their large silhouettes against cresting dark horizon. She was surprised that she hadn't noticed it before, they had fucked the entire night!
"Nothing quite like a cigar, whisky and a quiet place to enjoy them." Tyrone said, leaning over the frameless glass railing.
"And a hot waitress that brings'em to ya!" Darren chimed in the moment Jenny stepped out onto the patio.
"I'm happy to play waitress and serve you guys anything your heart desires." Jenny smiled, setting the silver tray down on the coffee table behind the guys. She poured the whisky into the glasses and handed them to the guys.
"Now that's what I call service with a smile." Tyrone chuckled, taking one of the glasses, "Did you have fun spreading those legs?
"Um-hmm. I wish I never wrapped my lips around you, Ty." Jenny replied as Darren took the other glass. She bent at the waist and picked up one of the cigars off the silver tray. She cut the cigar and grabbed the second one from the tray.
"Yeah? Why's that?" Tyrone asked surprisingly as Jenny cut the other cigar.
"You make a girl want to fuck and suck you all night long." Jenny pouted and held a cigar in each hand for the guys, "You guys kept me coming back to back. I'm all sore now."
"That's what happens when you're prancing around with a pussy that's tight and wet." Tyrone said as he and Darren took the cigars from Jenny, "We're gonna fuck it again too."
"Um-hmm. I know." Jenny said holding up the torch to Tyrone's cigar.
"You're gonna fuck every day." Tyrone said, puffing on the lit cigar in his mouth, "Make that money."
"Um-hmm." Jenny nodded and turned to Darren.
"Get fucked and get paid." Darren said, drawing the cigar while Jenny was lighting it.
"Yup. I like being a little whore." Jenny smiled, setting the torch down on the tray.
Cigar smoke filled the patio with an earthy, leathery and floral aroma with a hint of black and cayenne pepper mixed with wood.
"That's my girl." Tyrone smiled, he took the cigar out of his mouth and took a sip of whisky, "Get yourself cleaned up, you've got cum all over you...you want the neighbors to see you?"
"Maybe I want everybody to see me." Jenny smiled mischievously.
"Then I'll have to tell my friends about you." Tyrone said and drew on his cigar.
"Mmmm...I'll fuck them too." Jenny purred, she gave Tyrone's cock a quick squeeze and then she turned around.
"I drew a bath for you. Should be done by now." Tyrone said, pointing to the bathtub with his cigar.
"Aww...that's so sweet." Jenny said. She walked into the bedroom and looked over her shoulders at the guys, "You shouldn't stare."
"Well, you shouldn't look like that." Tyrone sneered.
"I'm gonna take a bath, you boys have fun." Jenny said without looking back. Tyrone's double entendre made her smile. He was referring to the cum covering her hot body. After a night of sex, most guys would have just rolled over and went to sleep, never mind bothering to draw a bath for her. But Tyrone wasn't like most guys, and for that, she was glad for the aftercare. Having been so thoroughly fucked for so many hours, a hot bath was exactly what she needed.
By the time Jenny walked into the bathroom, the bathtub was almost overflowing with bubbles. She kicked off her heels at the bathroom door, her bare feet padded over to the giant sunk in tub and she turned off the tap. Then she turned around and stepped into the shower to rinse the copious amount of cum that was covering her skin. When she pulled her lace garter out, it was like she unplugged a dam. More cum poured out from her two lower orifices and the running water washed the two men's cum into the drain.
Jenny had to scrub and rinse her cum soaked garter several times under the shower head before it was clean. Next, she scrubbed herself clean and stepped out. She saw no point in toweling herself dry and went over to the sunken bathtub. She gingerly stepped into the mountain of bubbles, once she got her footing, she lowered the rest of her body into the tub and sank up to her chin in bubbles.
'God that feels good.' Jenny thought. She took in a deep breath of the lavender scented bath and put her feet against the spraying jets. Gazing out to the sunrise, she was enjoying the fully loaded massage bathtub to loosen up her tight muscles. Any tension she had from literally wearing heels all day started melting away. She closed her eyes as the whirlpool of water swirled around her.
The tub's timer was preset to thirty minutes, which was all too soon for Jenny. It was set that long because she didn't want to come out of the tub looking like a prune. So when the jets stopped, Jenny begrudgingly climbed out of the steamy tub.
As soon as Jenny rose above the bubbles, the sweet smell of cigar smoke filled her nostrils. She could hear that the guys were still outside the patio even though she couldn't make out what they were saying. She reached for a towel, dried herself from head to toe, brushed her teeth and prepared for bed.
"You guys are still up?" Jenny groaned and gave the guys a quick glance as she padded over to her California King Size bed. Without waiting for their reply, she announced, "I'm going to bed."
"G'night." Tyrone and Darren replied from the patio.
"I can't believe it's morning already." Jenny groaned. After crawling into bed, she quickly fell asleep. In her slumber, one of her hands worked feverishly on her clit while her other hand buried two fingers deep in her pussy.
Tyrone nudged Darren, having been the first one to notice Jenny's ass arching up from the bed. He was utterly shocked, he certainly wasn't expecting to find Jenny this way after a whole night of sex. As both men puffed on their cigars, Jenny did something that surprised them.
Removing two wet fingers from her pussy, Jenny reached around her ass and began to rub her asshole with two fingers in a slow circle. The two voyeurs clinked their whisky glasses in a toast as she began to slip a slender finger into her tight little ass. The big diamond engagement ring sparkled radiantly as her finger languidly worked in and out of her ass while she slept.
The rising sun from the east was the cue for Tyrone and Darren to sneak past the sleeping beauty.
On the other side of the world, it was 11pm local time when Stewart got off the plane and called his beloved fiancée. The phone kept ringing and ringing, finally it went to voicemail.
Jenny didn't hear her cellphone ring because she was asleep upstairs and her cellphone was downstairs in the kitchen. In fact, no one heard her cellphone ringing downstairs on the kitchen island. After three unsuccessful calls, Stewart gave up. Jenny was an early riser and he figured that she was probably out for a jog. If only he knew that his sexy fiancée was on their bed, completely naked with her head buried in her pillow and her fingers were hard at work between her legs.
To be continued...