Oh, how I love travelling for work. Everybody seems to think travelling when somebody else is paying for it is a great thing, but it's just a different rental car, a different office building and a different hotel room.
Anyway, having checked in, I rode the elevator up to the 14th floor and stumbled around finding the pointy arrows to tell me how to find my room.
It was late, I walked in and flipped on the light switch in the hallway, lighting my way in to the main bedroom area. I dragged my luggage, a clothing bag small enough to legally carry on (I hate all those asshats who take suitcases as carry-ons) and a computer bag into the main room and dropped it on the bed. I couldn't instantly see the light switch, but I assumed it was by the night stand, and the curtains were open. They always leave the curtains open.
I dropped the clothing bag at the foot of the bed, and the computer bag on the bed. I pulled off my jacket and dropped that on the bed, then, stretching, I walked over to close the goddamn curtains.
Just as I got to the window, and reached up for the curtain, a light flickered on in a building across the way, several floors below me. I glanced over, and saw a woman arrive at the window, and pull back net curtains, allowing me, and anybody else watching, to see into her apartment.
She was average looking, with shoulder length brown hair in a ponytail. She was wearing glasses, and I'd guess she was around 5'6".
I stood there, holding the curtain, watching as she took off her jacket, tossing it to the side. She stood at the window, looking out. She was wearing a black skirt and a white blouse. She wasn't looking at me, but seemed to be looking intently across at another building.
As I watched, she lifted her arms with a flourish. She was obviously showing off for someone.
I realized I was standing in my hotel room window with a light behind me, and that she could probably see my silhouette, watching her, if she happened to look up in my direction. I went back and turned off the hallway light, then carefully walked back to the window.
She seemed to be unbuttoning her blouse. She was already half way down, and I could see she was wearing a black bra underneath.
I watched as she untucked her blouse from her skirt, then carried on slowly undoing buttons.
When she got to the bottom, she shrugged the blouse off her shoulders and tossed it over with her jacket.
She reached back and took some sort of band out of her hair.
She put her hands on her hips, thrust her shoulders back and shook her head, so her hair flowed out and around her face.
She laughed, looking back at the same point outside the window. Her right hand went to her back, and after a few seconds, her skirt slipped down her thighs. She wiggled her hips, and the skirt slipped down her legs, out of view. She was wearing black stockings, with a black garter belt and panties. Her legs looked pretty thick, but it looked from this distance as if this was muscle rather than fat, as her waist now looked almost impossibly thin.
She picked her foot up, lifting her skirt up to her hand, and I could see she was wearing black heels. Pretty high, maybe 3" or so. She tossed the skirt over with her other clothes.
Her hands went behind her, and her bra was slipping down her arms. She turned and faced away from the window, and moved an arm across her chest as she took it off, depositing it with the rest of her clothes. She turned back to the window, threw her head back and laughed, then moved her arm so her breasts hung free. Released from her bra, they were larger than I'd thought at first, and just starting to sag. She had fairly large, brownish nipples. I'd originally thought her to be around 30, but maybe she was a bit older than that.
Her hands went to those nipples, and teased them, I'm guessing to hardness, but I couldn't see her well enough to tell. She massaged her breasts together for a minute or so, then, laughing again, let them go.
Her hands slid up and down her sides, eventually going down to her panties, and she wiggled her hips from side to side as she worked them down her thighs. She had a neatly trimmed landing strip of dark public hair, framed by her garters.
Her panties disappeared from view, and I saw her kick them off to the side.
She danced around in a little circle, then wiggled her fingers, beckoning at the viewer across from her. She then reached up and closed the curtains quickly.
...
For the rest of the few days I was there, I watched her window, but I didn't see her put on another show. Sadly.