"You look bored." The deep, Eastern European voice that disrupted my rather depressing train of thought belonged to a bald, red bearded man with soulful brown eyes and a rather serious look. He stood a few feet away, watching me with one hand in his pocket, the other holding a glass of clear liquid down at his side.
The man cocked his head at the free stool next to me, and when I nodded, he sat down at the high top table. He took a drink from his glass and put it down. "Kirill," he said, holding out his now free hand.
"Rose." I took it and waited for some cheesy line like, 'by any other name would you smell as sweet?' Refreshingly it didn't come.
"You're not dancing," he said. Taking a drink he motioned to the packed dance floor. "If you didn't come to dance, why are you here?"
I huffed. That would be the question. After a minute I shrugged. "I'm new to the city, I don't know anyone, I don't want to sit home alone. This isn't my scene, but it's the closest place to my apartment."
He nodded as if it all made sense. "Want to go somewhere better?"
This was probably the worst mistake I'd make that week but my answer was an almost instantaneous, "Yes."
Without a word we both finished our drinks and he held up my coat for me like a gentleman. He guided me outside with a hand at the base of my spine and hailed us a cab. When he held the door open the man met my eye and said, "Stay an hour, if you don't want to stay after that I'll take you anywhere you want to go."
One eyebrow arched high above my eye. "You said better, is there a chance I'm not going to like it?"
The corner of his mouth tilted up. "There's sex."
Both eyebrows went up. "Like actual sex?"
He nodded. "Still want to go?"
I was wrong, this was the biggest mistake I'd make. With a deep breath I said, "Yes."
A light sparked to life in his eyes, and he motioned for me to get in and then slid in behind me. He rattled off an address and we sat side by side, still and silent until the driver pulled to a stop outside a warehouse on the far side of town.
"Last chance," he said.
My dry reply of, "I didn't come all this way for my health," made him chuckle. His hand found the base of my spine and he guided me to a pair of big wide doors, one of which swung open just as we got to it by a mammoth of a man who smiled at us and embraced Kirill.
The two spoke in a language I didn't understand for a few minutes then turned to me. "Mikhail, my new friend Rose. Rose this is my good friend Mikhail, we grew up together."
"Nice to meet you." I took the man's hand and met a pair of interested green eyes. I looked good tonight, I knew I did. Two hours in front of a mirror because I had nothing better to do made that a sure bet. My make up was done to perfection. My deep purple dress showed just the right amount of cleavage and more than enough leg for me to be ogle worthy, which was what I was going for.
The man said something in that language and Kirill smiled. It was beautiful, it transformed his face. Serious was a good look for him, but happiness was sexier than hell. He met my interested gaze and potential sparked to life between us.
"He says he's off at eleven and wants to show you what the club is all about." The glimmer in his eyes said something, I just wasn't sure what.
"I have to wait until eleven?"
The bouncer burst into laughter and Kirill's smile grew. He put his hand on my back and gently moved us forward. The closer we got to the club music the more my heart raced this was beyond exciting and more than I'd hoped to do tonight.
Just before I could see the debauchery, Kirill stopped me and leaned into my ear. "One hour," he said. "If you don't want to stay after that I'll take you to the Guilty Pleasure."
"Isn't that what this should be called?" He smelled amazing like expensive liquor and spice. "What is this place called?"
His lips pressed against my ear and I shivered. "Thirteen," he said. "Ready?"
"I think so."
I wasn't. Nothing could have prepared me for this. I took a deep breath when we entered the massive room and started from left to right. One woman was plastered up against a wall a few feet away while another was on her knees pleasuring her. The woman up against the wall smiled at me and held out a hand. She said something I didn't understand.
Kirill leaned in and said, "She wants you to kiss her."
I handed him my purse and went over. Her smile was beautiful and she wound her hand around my neck and pulled me in closer. She murmured something when I leaned in and gasped when I licked her lips.
I didn't see Kirill move to get a better view or his hand tighten around my purse when my hand came up to slide gently across the woman's breast. This wasn't my first time with a woman, I'm open with my sexuality. I'll admit, it's never been random strangers, but it wasn't new.
Smiling into her mouth, I let my fingers dance across her sensitive skin and circled her rock hard nipples. Her moan was deliscious, I loved it. She was close, if the slight trembling of her body was any indication, she was really close. I plucked one of her nipples and she gasped then I moved my hand to the next and did the same.
Kissing a line to her ear I whispered, "You're beautiful, I want to see you lose control." I wasn't sure if she understood me, but her arms tightened around me so I kept going. "She must feel so good. Has she found the right spot? That place that feels so good you can't breathe?"
She moaned and outside our little bubble another man came to a stop beside Kirill. Even if I'd been paying attention, I wouldn't have been able to understand him when he asked, "Who's the fox?"
"Little flower I picked up at the Flamingo." Kirill sucked in a sharp breath when I leaned down and took her nipple in my mouth.
"She's catching on quick." The man ran a hand down his chest. "I want a turn with her."
Kirill huffed. "You'll scare her away, and Mikhail has first dibs."
"Mikhail's working." The man's look darkened and his fists clenched. "You aren't her man. She can do what she wants."
Kirill said nothing, he watched me run my hand through the blonde hair of the girl on her knees and took a step forward to hear me say, "Sit back for a minute sweetheart, she can't cum like this."
"Kirill," my voice was thick with desire and he heard it. "I need a stool, or a chair." He didn't move until my eyes dropped to his lips and I said, "Please will you help me make her cum?"
He left me staring at the dark haired man with evil in his eyes and came back a minute later with a chair. I eased the woman onto it, took the other woman by her hair and pushed her gently between the woman's legs with a gentle command. "Use your fingers and your mouth sweetheart, she'll thank you for it." Then I knelt beside them and licked and sucked at the woman's nipples. It took less than three minutes for her to shatter with a scream and the other woman and I smiled victoriously.
I leaned into the woman on her knees with every intention of licking the juices off her lips but Kirill barked my name. I looked up at him and he shook his head and held out his hand for me. I hesitated for the briefest of moments then stood and took it.
The man with eyes that struck fear into me grabbed my arm in a gentle but firm grip. "He won't let you play, not really play. Come with me and I'll make sure you cum so hard you can't stand."
Looking from him to Kirill, I said, "Will you make sure I cum so hard I can't stand?"
Kirill gave me a wicked grin. "At the end of the night. My timeline, not yours."
"I'll make you cum over and over," the other man said, but I didn't take my eyes off the bald man with a beard I wanted to tangle my hands in.
"I've always had a thing for orgasm denial," I said to no one in particular.
Kirill pulled me in close to his side and buried his nose in my ear. "I'm going to turn you on so much your body aches for me. Then I'm going to tie you down and make you watch me cum. Then, if you're good you can cum for me."
I took a deep breath and fought back a shiver. Closing my eyes I leaned into him and took a another deep breath, breathing him in. "Throw a few cocktails and a piece of cheesecake in there and I'll stick around like a crazy ex girlfriend."
He chuckled and pulled our hands up so he could kiss mine. "Let's go find you Nancy."
Nancy was this petite goddess, with flame coloured hair and delicate features found on elves and storybook princesses. I wanted her so much I couldn't see straight, and he knew it.
"There are rules," he said to us. Nancy was already holding my hand, she didn't look at him, her eyes were glued to me as were his. "You don't cum." He gave me a stern look, and I nodded, eager to please him. "She can go down on you, you can't go down on her. Use your fingers, kiss her, put your mouth on her breasts, don't go down on her."
"Just women?" I said out of curiosity more than need.
A twinkle sparked in his eye. "You're saving yourself for Mikhail. He wants to be your first."
"You don't?" I'll be honest it was a little disappointing, he turned me on. I could see good things coming from his hands on my body.
"He's going to make you sing." Kirill said, "I'm going to take you home and make you scream." He pulled me in and kissed my cheek. "I don't play here, I watch. You can play, don't cum, don't use your mouth on her, don't play with anyone unless I say you can."
Nancy got impatient and her hand slid down my neck and over my breasts. "You're wearing too many clothes," the naked pixie said. She moved behind me and unzipped my dress. Kirill stepped back and took a deep breath when it dropped to reveal a pair of black lace panties and a purple bra that matched my dress.
"You're holding my purse," I said. "Does that mean you're holding my underwear too?"
He grinned. "You'll get them back later." He stepped forward and leaned in to whisper in my ear just as Nancy undid my bra. "They're going to be stuffed in your mouth while you're tied to my bed screaming my name later."
My eyes fluttered shut when she kissed my shoulders and pushed my bra down. I wanted him to touch me, but he didn't. Kirill just stepped back and looked at me. When Nancy knelt before me and pulled down my underwear for me to step out of, Kirill moved next to her and held out his hand. He brought them to his nose, then put them in his pocket.
"Lie down," he pointed to a circular ottoman in the center of a collection of chairs and sofa's that were quickly filling up with men, women, and couples all eager to watch the show. Nancy guided me down onto it and then crawled between my thighs. "Show me," he said to her.
I flushed red when Nancy spread my pussy wide and gently stroked me while he stood over her shoulder and watched. My breath picked up pace and I covered my eyes when Nancy slipped two fingers inside me. I moaned when her tongue touched my
Soon I was writhing under her, so close to heaven. With a jerk I grabbed her head and pulled it away from me. "No," I yelped, "stop."
Kirill smiled and held out a hand when I looked at him. Nancy looked ready to burst, I couldn't do that to her, but he was asking for me and for whatever the reason my body needed him.
The girl I'd helped make cum was watching, her fingers gently playing with herself. I beckoned her over and got her set up going down on Nancy then crawled across the floor and onto his lap. My body was shaking and I closed my eyes burying my face in his beard.
"Good," he said. "That was very good Rose. How do you feel?"
"I ache," I moaned. "It's been so long, I need to cum so much."
He chuckled. "Not yet Rose, you're not ready yet. It's almost eleven. Mikhail will be here soon. You're going to show me how good you're going to be to me. I want to see you on your knees worshiping him."
"I thought you didn't want me to use my mouth." I nuzzled his neck and pressed my hand over his heart.
"On her. I don't want you smelling like her juices. I don't want you smelling like his cum either. Mikhail knows he can't cum on you or in you, but I want to see you make him cum."
"God this is hot," I said. "You're driving me crazy."
He chuckled and ran his hand down my back. "We're just getting started pretty flower. You haven't met Dmitri yet."
My body was slowly calming down, just as Mikhail sat down next to us. "Come on Angel," he said. "Come kiss my lips and then taste me."
With a nod I moved from Kirill to Mikhail, who wasted no time pulling my mouth to his and devouring me. I'll be honest, I forgot about Kirill completely when his massive fingers slipped inside me. I gasped and my head dropped back, he trailed a line of kisses to my breast and I moaned his name.
"Mikhail, please don't stop. You feel too good. You're going to make me cum." My body was pulsing around him, and he was growling and groaning, murmuring to me in his language.
All of a sudden I was pulled from his arms and a hand in my hair directed my face to Kirill's. "No Rose. You know the rules." I was gasping for breath and he blew my mind when he said, "this your one and only warning. You did so well with Nancy. Don't be like the others, save yourself for me."
Suddenly I was insecure and I think it showed. He brushed back my hair and smiled at me. "I have high hopes for us. I think you can do this. Play but don't cum. Every time you feel like you want to cum, come back to me. It will feel so much better if you wait for me."
After a minute I nodded and his smile widened. Tilting my head back, Kiril bit me and I pushed him away. "God don't do that, I'm so close you'll make me cum. I love that."
"Good to know." Kirill pinched my nipple and I groaned. "Now you've teased Mikhail long enough. Make him feel the way you feel."
With a grin I crawled onto Mikhail's lap. He groaned when I pressed against his cock. I leaned in to whisper in his ear. "Your fingers feel amazing inside me. I bet your cock is big and thicktoo. Do you want to show me?" He nodded, "do you want to be in my mouth?" He nodded again. "I want to taste you. I bet you taste sweet and salty."
"Come find out Angel," he said. Pushing me up off his lap, Mikhail stood and took his pants off.
I was right, his cock was glorious. Thick, long, he was strong and when his hands went into my hair and he pulled me closer, I had no choice but to go. Not that I was resisting. It had been years since my last sexual encounter and I was a live wire. If I could hold out like Kirill wanted I would be surprise, I needed to cum so much.
Mikhail did taste sweet and his precum was salty and oh so good. I devoured him, revelling in every sound he made for me. It didn't take long for him to push me away and for him to pull Nancy up onto his lap where he impaled her with that rock hard cock, thrust into her a few times then roar with his climax.
I felt left out. It was a really crappy feeling that stuck with me until Kirill pulled me up onto his lap. "You are perfect," he said, nuzzling my neck. "Just perfect. Think about how good it will feel when I'm buried inside you like that. Think about how hard you're going to cum for me. And I'm going to cum so much, it's been too long since someone has been able to hold on for me. You can do it."
"I don't know if I can. This is torture." I combed my fingers through his beard. "How much longer are you going to do this?"
He pressed his forehead to mine. "I want to do Dmitri and Sacha, but you might not be able to handle Sacha. All the girls love him. He's broken six of my girls."
I stiffened and pulled away but he held tight. "You do this a lot."
He shrugged, "I'm looking for the right one." His hand stroked my leg.
"What's the right one?" My hand came up and caressed his cheek. "Tell me about your perfect woman."
Kirill smiled. "She would be beautiful, like you. Brown hair and blue eyes like you, she'd be tall. Passionate, sexual, I want her to like men and women. She needs to love finding pleasure but I need her to have control. My woman will show me her pleasure, but only find release with me behind closed doors. I'm a private person. She must let me have my secrets, but have none of her own. I'm the head of my household, I demand respect. My woman will want to give me everything, do anything because she knows I will never ask too much."
"Tall order," I said. "How many have come close?"
"Two," he said. "Two had the control I wanted, one could not keep secrets."
"The other," I asked when he hesitated.
Kirill pulled back and looked off into the distance. "She chose a different life with someone who offered more." His hand absentmindedly caressed my thigh and it took all that I had not to bring his hand between my thighs.
"What are you offering me?" I asked. When he looked at me I clarified. "Not the perfect woman, what are you offering me?"
"A night with me, a chance to see what pleasure with me looks like." Kirill brushed back my hair. "If you can handle that, tomorrow night I'll take you to dinner and we'll do it again. Then next weekend we'll come back. If you can manage the summer I'll take you away anywhere you want to go. If you make it to Orthodox Christmas, I'll ask you to move in. If you make it two years, I'll ask you to marry me, and in four years you'll have my child."
That made me laugh. "You have our lives planned out." Running my hands over his head I resisted the urge to kiss him, something told me he wasn't a PDA kind of guy.
He shrugged, "I have things I want to do. Plans make sense." his eyes met mine. "What do you want to do next?"
I took a deep breath. "I think I can only do one more," one more deep breath. "I think I can handle Sacha."
The man under me froze. "Be sure," he said. "The second you cum for someone else, we're done. That's a hard line for me. You can't even make yourself cum from this moment on, and I'll know if you lie to me."
"I won't lie to you, but if I tell you I can't handle more will you respect that?" He nodded, I nodded and took a deep breath. "Then let me show you I can handle Sacha."
His smile was breathtaking. "Up little flower," he said, " I'm getting you a drink then your next test. Be good to Nancy."
Nancy was sitting backwards on Mikhail writhing in pleasure. As soon as I was off his lap I slid my hand down her body and circled her clit. Mikhail groaned. "Yes," he said, "again."
I chuckled and kissed Nancy, revelling in her moan and then her cry of pleasure when I stroked her again. Keeping up a gentle and consistent pace, I pushed her closer and closer to orgasm. When it felt close, I leaned down and captured her nipple in my mouth and moved with her when she jerked in ecstasy. Mikhail roared and bucked under her. My need amped up ten times and I squeezed my thighs together.
"Rose," my happy smile turned to Kirill and then faltered when I saw the giant of a man beside him. "Sacha, meet Rose." Kirill's own smile was guarded. He didn't trust this would go down the right way, which only made me want to show him I could do this.
Sacha gave me a panty wetting smile, but unfortunately for him, my panties were in Kirill's pocket, so it didn't work for me. "Hello Rose," he said. "I bet you smell like a rose, I bet your flower tastes like candy."
Kirill rolled his eyes and I bit back a grin. Sacha pulled off his shirt and I Admired the tattoos he wore with pride. When he pulled off his pants, I nearly died. The man had the biggest cock I'd ever seen in my life and it was standing straight at attention, pointing at me.
Glancing over at Kirill, I met his gaze and took a deep breath. "Tell me if you don't want to do it," he said in a soft voice the people around us would struggle to hear.
"Or if you want to too much," Sacha laughed.
I didn't take my eyes off Kirill when I said, "I want to show you I can. Don't tease me, I'm too wound up, but I can do this."
"A hundred bucks says she can't hold it until I cum," Sacha said.
Kirill looked at me for a long time then said, "I'll take that bet."
So became the sweet torture that was Sacha. I started on my knees in front of him, my mouth wrapped around a cock I had no hope of taking all in. He wrapped his hands in my hair and moved my head in the fast rhythm he liked. "God you've go a beautiful mouth," Sacha said. "I could cum like this if I didn't want to prove you wrong so much. Kirill's girls love me so much they can't hold it."
I pulled away and stood up. "Well," I said, bringing my inner bitch to the surface. "I'm a woman, I've got more self control."
Sacha took a step forward and wrapped his hand around my neck. "You'll cum harder for me than you'll ever cum for him."
My heart was racing as he towered over me, but I held my ground. "Are you going to stand here bragging all night, or are you going to fuck me?"
Sacha grinned. "Show him how you want me to take you."
Kirill had set himself up on the couch directly across from me. The second I saw him there, I crawled onto the ottoman and settled on my knees with my elbows on the cushion. Every man there groaned and Sacha came forward to massage my ass, but my eyes were fixed to Kirill who looked ready to eat me alive.
I was ready for him, as ready as I could be, but Sacha still took some time to stretch me, which I should thank him for. It probably would have hurt more if he hadn't. My eyes slowly closed when he started easing inside me. It was on the border of pleasure and pain, if I'm honest it was more pain than pleasure, but maybe that's because I wasn't really that interested in Sacha. I was doing this to prove a point.
Don't get me wrong, he was an attractive man, in a too-good-looking kind of way. I liked my men less than perfect. I liked my men unusual. Sacha was devilishly good looking, he promised a great time, a few good laughs and maybe a drink. Kirill promised more, much more, I wanted to see what more looked like.
Sacha started moving and I moaned, he was careful not to go to deep at first but he moved with purpose. "God, she's tight," he said with a growl. "Fuck this feels good. I never understood why you let me tear them to shreds before you got to them." His hand ran down my spine and he leaned forward to say, "Relax Rosie, relax and let me show you what real pleasure feels like."
"Rose." Kirill's voice broke through my discomfort and I opened my eyes to find him leaning forward his elbows on his knees. "Tell me when you're done." His voice was firm, it was a command not a request and I nodded.
Sacha pushed in deeper and I moaned, but I wasn't sure if that was a good feeling or not. Then he pulled back and pleasure hit me hard. That moan made the devil behind me chuckle. "There we are," he said. "Now you feel it."
I looked at Kirill again and saw worry. We locked eyes and I worked to keep my eyes open as Sacha moved me to the point of madness. It was hard. Holding onto control was hard, but I heard him groan in a new way then say the words, "Fuck, I'm going to..."
As soon as I heard that I started crawling to Kirill. My body was on overdrive, if I felt Sacha cum I would have exploded for sure. So I scrambled for Kirill and curled up in his lap, just as Sacha pulled Nancy off Mikhail's lap and thrust inside her. She screamed, he yelled and I buried my face in Kirill's neck.
His hand slid down between my legs and I reached out to push it away. "If you do that I won't be able to hold it in." My words were a sob and he kissed my shoulder.
"One finger little flower, you can do one finger. I want to feel you. I want to feel how close you are." He very slowly eased just one finger inside me and I milked him. With every pulse of my body I moaned. "You did so well," he said with a little awe in his voice. "I'm so proud of you. I've lost that bet so many times."
I wasn't sure if I should be insulted or not. Sacha came over and handed Kirill a hundred dollar bill. To me he said, "When he throws you away come find me, I think we can have a lot more fun."
That made both Kirill and I stiffen. I pulled away from him and went to my clothes, dressing without looking at anyone. Kirill's hand found my back and he passed me a bottle of water which I downed in three big gulps. Then his hand found the base of my spine and he leaned forward to speak in my ear. "Come home with me."
I nodded and fought back a wave of tears. I was so overwhelmed my body couldn't handle contact of any kind, so I pulled away from his hand when he went to put it on my lower back and then moved to the far corner of the cab when we got in.
After a few minutes he said, "I can take you home if you want."
"Please don't." I whispered the words. "I need you, I just can't handle it if you touch me right now."
He nodded, and was quiet the rest of the way. We drove to a quiet neighbour hood on the East side. I had no frame of reference but I'd learn it wasn't the best side of town, despite looking relatively middle class and harmless. He lived in a duplex and walked up the stairs before me, unlocking the door then stepping back to let me in.
Had I been paying more attention I would have seen him watching the street with a cold stare. He'd unbuttoned his jacket in the cab and had a hand poised at his side the entire time. It would have been strange.
"Do you live alone?" I asked when we walked into the long, narrow living room that stretched into a dining room and kitchen.
Kirill nodded, then stood there watching with a burning intensity as I took off my shoes and stripped out of every piece of clothing I was wearing. "Come here," he said. Obediently I moved to stand in front of him. His hand wrapped around my neck and his thumb tilted my face up to his. "You surprised me," he said. "I didn't think you could do it."
"Should I be insulted?" I reached out and slowly started sliding his jacket off, waiting for him to tell me no, but he didn't.
He did reach behind himself to pull out a gun and put it on the table next to us. I froze, what the fuck was that. Kirill watched me as I looked between him and the gun. When I didn't immediately lose my crap, he reached out and gently caressed my breast, I couldn't help but moan.
"Undress me," he said. "Do for me what you did for Sacha and Mikhail."
That did it. That made me forget all about the gun and I fought with his clothing and dropped to my knees, ready and eager to worship him. The second his pants dropped, I realized why he wasn't worried about Sacha stretching me out. Kirill was just as thick although not as long as Sacha's. His cock was beautiful and I moaned when I took him in my mouth.
His hands brushed my hair back into a ponytail and he used that to control my speed, choosing slow and steady as opposed to Sacha's frantic need. He held me as far down as I could go for a few seconds each time and every time I gagged he groaned and pulled me back.
"You promised to tie me down," I said. Looking up at him with a grin, I put my hands together and said, "Pretty please Kirill, I need to cum so badly."
"Who do you need to cum for?"
"You," I said in a soft voice. "I need to cum for you. I did all of this for you."
That made him suck in a sharp breath. "Upstairs," he said. "First door on the right."
With a giggle I bolted for the stairs. I thought he'd chuckle but he growled and a glance behind me saw him racing after me. I shrieked and burst through the door and raced for the bed. He grabbed me by the legs and pulled me to the edge of the bed, I laughed and squirmed, soaking in the heat of his gaze.
"Hands together and above your head," he said. "Keep them there. Pretend I've tied them together, don't move them." He showed me that he wanted me to wrap my legs around him and moved me so my slit was around his cock, then he moved me up and down, sliding my length against him.
"Kirill." I spoke in a soft voice that turned to a gasp when his thumb found my clit.
"Yes pretty flower?" In seconds he had me writing against him begging for more.
"Please don't tease me. I need you so much it hurts."
"My timeline Rose, I decide when, your job is to keep from cuming until I say."
It was torture, absolute torture. I thought of all the things that would turn me off. My mother, my ex, sick puppies, cleaning my house, but time and time again he brought me back into the moment with just the movement of his cock sliding up along the underside of my clit.
I never thought I'd be so happy for him to shove my underwear in my mouth when he finally took hold of my jaw and said, "Open your mouth," but I was. I was moaning when he pulled back and when he positioned himself at my entrance and thrust inside me with one strong movement, I was so grateful that he said the word, "Cum."
That's exactly what I did. I screamed and shattered around him, my body shook and my entire world revolved around him in that moment. Kirill was an animal thrusting inside me like a wild man, over and over again. He came down on me and pressed his face into my neck.
"This is what I want. This is what a life with me will be like. This is what I'll give you. Give yourself to me like this and I'll make you my world." His teeth came down on my shoulder and when he bit me, I came a second time. This time my scream was softer, but it ended in sobs.
He came with a roar and it was that moment I realized he was bare. The fact that I didn't care worried me. The fact that it excited me scared me. He didn't stop moving after he came. He thrust into me over and over again until my sobs died and my body went limp.
Then and only then did he pull the underwear from my mouth and kiss me. "Hold me." He spoke softly into my mouth and when I wrapped shaking arms around his neck he murmured to me in a language I didn't understand. He bathed my face in kisses and my heart in sweet sounding words.
My mind blowing lover pulled back and gently cleaned me before pulling back the blankets and guiding me into bed. I slept with his body wrapped around mine and woke in the early hours of morning needing him again.
Crawling under the covers I took him in my mouth and revelled in the taste of us and the slow hardening of a cock I'd be obsessed with for the rest of my life. His hand found my head and the covers came back.
"You beautiful thing," he said. "Wake me like this every morning and I'll keep you forever."
Pulling back I laughed, "Maybe not every morning, but I couldn't help myself. Please..."
Kirill smiled and used the hand in my hair to pull me up to him. He kissed and nipped at my lips, holding me still. "Please what Rose, tell me what you want."
"I want to feel you inside me. I want to make you feel as good as you make me feel. I need you to help fill this ache in me."
He rolled us over until I was on my back and slipped inside me. We both groaned and his forehead dropped to my shoulder. He started groaning and mumbled in that language again.
My hands came up and ran over his head, down his back, then all the way back up. O"You feel amazing," I spoke softly, a part of me hoping my words would get lost under his. "It's been so long I forgot what it's like to be with a man, but after being with you, I'm not sure I was ever with a man before."
"Do you want to do it again?"
"Yes," I said. My whisper was met with a growl, "A thousand times, yes."
He had me wait to cum until he was ready, and as he exploded inside me, pleasure surrounded me. I could have sworn I loved him in that moment. Then, he held me, wiping away my tears with a gentle hand.
I'd forgotten about the gun until we came down for breakfast. He'd gotten dressed after our shower in a pair of jeans and an untucked dress shirt. I was wearing a pair of his sweat pants and a t-shirt. On his way past the table, Kirill picked up the gun and put it into the back waistband of his jeans. I froze, but he acted like it was no big deal.
"I have work to do today, just a few hours." He started pulling things out for the omelets he promised me. "I'll give you money to take a cab home and we can meet at the club around nine. That work?"
I swallowed my fear and said, "Nine's fine."
He looked over his shoulder and caught me staring at the gun. "The city's dangerous," he said. "My work is dangerous, but you're safe. You'll always be safe."
I nodded like I understood, but I'll be honest, the longer I stared at it, the more convinced I was that I didn't have it in me to do this, regardless of how much I wanted him.
He kissed me to within an inch of my life when we said goodbye at the cab, and followed it with, "I'm going to spend my day thinking about being inside you." God, I'd be thinking about that too. "Wear something that makes you feel beautiful. Don't dress like a tramp."
That made me smile, and say, "Have a good day." I didn't answer when he said he'd see me that night, because the fact was he wouldn't. I couldn't do it. Not with guns involved.
My forehead leaned against the window and I watched the world go by. It was so close to what I wanted, he was so close to what I needed.
Why is it that all the 'good men' are gay, married, or criminals?