My name is Mina. I am 5'8, with an athletic build but on the skinny side. Dripping wet may be 110 pounds but I have been told I have really nice boobs. 32 B's, perhaps by best physical attribute. I have also been told I have very juicy pussy but more on that later.
When I turned 18 my parents relocated to a different part of the country, so I had change schools as well. I was told that the fastest way to make new friends was to join a club or a sports team. The new school had a field hockey team, so I decided to be a part of it.
After every game or PT class we were required to shower. The shower room was one big open room with open shower heads on one end, toilet cubicles one side, and a dry changing area on the opposite end. We lived in a very hot part of the country and as the shower room was always little bit cooler as it was covered in tile and always a welcome relief from the oppressing heat outside. Getting naked just made it even better. Most girls choose to remain in their underwear but a few including me liked to get completely naked.
The teachers and staff always encouraged us to play wrestle each other in the shower room as a form of exercise and build strength and also relieve the stress from the games or school work. The winner was usually the one that managed to pin the other girl down or put her in hold and make her submit.
Wrestling was always a very close body to body activity and while not aggressively competitive there was a lot of boob mashing and butt slapping as each girl tried to get on top of the other one. Most of the girls were equally matched and so in most cases the tussle would just end in a draw.
All the girls in the team had been playing field hockey from a very young age and had developed stocky muscular builds except for me. I was one of the taller ones but being new to the game I was also the skinniest by far in the whole team which meant that any time I wrestled, I always lost but I didn't mind since wrestling was always a good time for me.
All the girls really enjoyed wrestling me as they could get a lot more physical without a lot of resistance. Boob mashing turned into boob grabbing and then progress to nipple pinching. Most would pin me down with their bodies and then use one hand to pin my arms above my head and use their other hand to start grabbing or playing with my boobs.
Some would do that for a little bit and then make me submit but others really enjoyed it and would progress from fondling my boobs to playing with my nipples. My nipples have always been very sensitive and turned into long pencil erasers from all the touching and pinching. They could tell I really enjoyed it too since I normally gave up trying to free myself and start moaning from all the touching. Some even started gently biting my boobs and around my areolas or sucking on my nipples which felt amazing. I usually got very horny around this time and my pussy would get very swollen and wet.
All the girls had some kind of hair growing in their pussy area. Most had a nice bush which always helped in hiding their pussies if they got naked but I unfortunately didn't grow much hair, so my pussy lips were always visible. While wrestling, many of the girls would pin me down and then spread my legs wide open and lock them with theirs so that my pussy was also stretched wide open and on full display. There wasn't a single girl in school, female teacher or staff member that had not seen my pussy and asshole fully open. It was a little humiliating to be dominated by another girl and my legs forcefully spread apart putting my pussy and asshole on full display for all present to see but it also made me very horny at the same.
Usually whenever I was pinned with my legs spread wide open and my opponent started sucking on my nipples my pussy would start leaking lots of white pussy juice. Some of the girls seeing that my pussy was getting very wet would make me submit. I hated that because I was usually very horny and had to find a way to relieve my stress on my own but thankfully that didn't happen much.
Most seeing that my pussy swollen, wide open and super wet liked to keep me pinned and would try to stretch my legs even further apart and but also keep on sucking and tugging on my nipples till I would be moaning very loudly and drenching the floor with pussy juice. That would be when they would let my legs go free and start humping my pussy with one of their thighs. After that it wasn't very long before I would start cumming, leaving a lots of pussy juice on the thigh of the girl pinning me down.
It was definitely a little humiliating to be dominated, my pussy put on display, visibly leaking pussy juice over my asshole and then also made to cum in front of the other girls and staff but, despite it all, I didn't mind since I always had a good time.
There wasn't single girl that didn't like playing with my boobs and/or humping my pussy and making me cum. At the end all of us got a long very well and which is probably why were such a good hockey team and of course everybody enjoyed watching me cum too.