Much to her disappointment, I told Helen that I was going home...alone.
"Come on babes; I've got the hots for the big lad." She pleaded after pulling me to one side. Still trying to make sense of what I'd just done in the van, I shook my head.
"I'm going home... sorry." Then waved to the guys and left the bar, heading for the bus stop. As I crossed the road I could still hear the music coming from the Fair and absent mindedly thought about going back, but quickly came to my senses.
A few minutes later I was on the bus heading home both smiling and crying as memories of just having had raw sex with a complete stranger in his van while my friend watched us swilled around inside my head.
By the time I arrived home the little Devil on my shoulder had won the battle and I was hardly through the front door when I was tugging my knickers down and sliding my fingers into my recently fucked fanny.
I then hobbled into the living room; fingers still in situ and flopped on the sofa where I masturbated like a frenzied whore. For the first time in my life I frigged myself with two fingers embedded in my cunt while I rubbed my clit with the other hand; making me slide across the plastic material. I was soon so excited I pulled my sticky fingers out and licked and sucked them like a cock substitute... with added hour old spunk on them.
This tipped me over the edge and I came like never before; leaving my shaking like a shitting dog. When I got my breath back I walked into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee, and still being knickerless seemed very naughty indeed.
As I waited for the kettle to boil I spotted the fruit bowl and with a twinkle in my eye selected the biggest and firmest banana for round two.
I made my coffee and went back into the living room. Now completely naked I lay on the sofa and spread my legs, rubbing the banana along my very sticky slit, then satisfied there was enough 'fanny lube' on it I slowly slid it in. I'd never done anything like this before and the anticipation was mind blowing and I found myself puffing my cheeks out as inch after inch of fruit filled my married fanny; just like the Fairground worker had just over an hour previously.
I was much slower and sensual this time; even pulling on my tits and nipples as I fucked myself with the banana. I don't know exactly; but I guess I was doing this for ten minutes or so before the desire for another orgasm took over and I frantically fucked myself while rubbing my engorged clit at exactly the same speed; making my back arch and my cunt grind onto the banana when I did cum; with a piercing scream that left me clammy and panting for breath.
By now it was nearly 11pm and I needed to go to bed; although sleep was difficult to come by as so many things were spinning around inside my head; but sleep finally found me about 2am and woke up about 8.
Although I'd hardly had anything to drink the night before but I felt like I had a hangover... can you have a sexual hangover?
Coffee and toast soon had me feeling better; and feeling very sexy again!
While I could hardly keep my hand away from my fanny, I stopped short of making myself cum; even in the shower... some sort of self-induced perversion I guess.
I eventually selected my short denim dress to wear for shopping, with no bra; a combination that had me giddy with excitement every time I bent over in the supermarket, wondering if men could see my red knickers or my nipples.
At one stage I felt like I was being followed by a young Dad with a pushchair; so gave him at least one long lingering look up the back of my skirt; then smiled when our eyes met... which made him scurry away.
I only wished I'd put some stockings on; especially when my dress rode up my thighs in the taxi going home, and the poor driver could barely watch the road for looking at my legs.
Back at home I wasunderstandably as horny as Hell again as I put the groceries away.
As I made a sandwich I looked at my watch; just after noon. The Devil on my shoulder won again; but a banana couldn't satisfy this itch between my legs... only one man could.
Shane.
Without a care in the world I put on my 'going out' make-up, with bright red lipstick and a pair of black hold-up stockings. The only debate in my fuddled brain was whether to wear knickers or not; I chose the former, a sexy see-through black pair; which had been a Valentines's gift the year before.
Half an hour later I was nervously and hornilly stepping off the bus in the town centre. I tried my best to look nonchalant as I approached the Fairground but I felt my face burning up and my heart would burst out of my chest.
Just as I was having second thoughts, a familiar voice called out; "Hello gorgeous. What brings you here." Shane grinned from behind the Hook-a-duck stall; "or are you looking for second helpings?"
I was suddenly mortified that it was that obvious; and me a married woman too.
Before I could answer Shane had clambered over the counter and was swaggering towards me; wearing exactly the same clothes as the night before.
"Looky you; dressed all sexy." The fairground worker was now standing right next to me and caressing my arse; in public. "I bet you've even got stockings on for me this time; haven't you?"
His hand now slid to the hem of my short dress; but I anxiously stepped away, and looked around to see if anyone was watching; much to his amusement.
"Where's your little friend today?" He asked as he looked me up and down. I shrugged. "Do you want me all to yourself this time." Again I shrugged.
Shane leaned in and sexily whispered; "If you want my cock again; you better ask for it... you being married and all."
I coyly bit my lip and nodded.
"What was that?" He cupped his ear and turned to me.
My pulse was racing beyond all comprehension as I mouthed "Yes; I want you."
He frowned and cupped his ear again; "What was that?"
"I want you." I rasped, my mouth very dry with nerves, "I want...to have... you know... sex again."
"I suppose that'll do." He laughed again, then put his arm around my waist. "My Dad's got the van... but...Podge! Podge!" He called out when he saw another worker opening a stall. "Here, mate... give me the keys to your caravan for half an hour."
Without a second thought the fat lad dipped his hand in his jacket pocket and through a set of keys to Shane.
"Do I get sloppy seconds?"
"I guess so." My young Lothario replied without a by-your leave to me.
The caravan was a short walk away and we never said a word; but what was there to say at this stage?
As Shane unlocked the door he looked around, before ushering me in; and as he did so lifted the back of my dress to reveal my stocking tops and sexy panties.
"I knew it; ya dirty slut!" He cackled as he pointed to the small living area. "Get yer dress off, I haven't got much time."
I hadn't expected to be wined and dined; but this was still a bit brutish by anyone's standards. But, I did as I was told and he winked when he realised I wasn't wearing my bra.
"You better get to work on this." Shane smirked as he waggled his cock in front of my face; "you were a pretty good cocksucker last night; just like your friend."
I instinctively reached out for it and pulled it towards my mouth.
"You are a fucking a keen one." He laughed again as I sucked on his knob and gave the shaft a few sensitive strokes, before wanking it into my willing mouth, "I bet you don't suck your husband's cock like this; do you?" he teased.
Cock in mouth I shook my head.
There was a sensory overload as I sucked his cock for the second time in less than a day. The caravan wasn't just untidy but smelled of damp and stale beer; and it didn't take a brain surgeon to work out that the smells from Shane's nether region was from both Helen and I last night; as he didn't seem the type to bathe every day.
It quickly began to grow and harden as I deliriously sucked and licked it while he roughly played with my tits; which became even rougher when I sighed every time he tickled my nipples.
"Get your knickers off then Missus." He commanded when his cock was at full length again.
I rolled onto my back and as sexily as possible rolled my knickers down my legs then left them dangling on my left ankle as I spread my legs to show him exactly what was on offer, a hot and willing married cunt.
With his jeans now around his ankles Shane knelt before me and pushed his long hard cock deep into my married pussy; making me sigh... then pant for breath as he quickly began banging me just like I'd remembered, which made me instinctively wrap my legs around his waist.
Jesus... it was huge; and he pounded me like he wanted it to hit my rib-cage! As he fucked me ragged he kept telling me what a 'married slut' or 'married cocksucker' and 'dirty cunt' I was... which was turning me on as much as his cock was, truth be told.
I was delirious with sexual excitement and wasn't sure what was happening when the door squeaked
and a voice called out; "Shane! Gloria's looking for you and she's on the fucking warpath!"
"Shit!" My young lover gasped; then panted, "nearly finished... nearly finished... shit." Then unceremoniously pulled his cock out of my cunt and shuffled forwards; "here, married slut... open your mouth."
I willingly complied and his hot sticky cock was back in my mouth; and I was wildly sucking and wanking it in my quest to make him cum.
"Can I have a go?" Podge asked his friend.
"Knock yourself out!" Shane gasped as he grabbed my hair and began thrusting into my throat.
The next I knew was his fat friend was spreading my legs and pushing his cock into my fanny!
"Fucking Hell man!" He laughed as he began thrusting like a scrapyard dog as I pulled my knees up to allow him deeper access; "this is as sloppy as fuck... I hate going after you."
"It was as tight as fuck last night though...my fingers must be bigger than her husband's needle dick!" Shane romantically told his friend who was now slapping my tits while he fucked me.
With one hand squeezing his balls and the other rubbing his long shaft it didn't take Shane much more time before he fired a huge load of spunk into my throat; and I ecstatically drained the last drops out as he pulled his jeans up.
"Shit!" He gasped again as he fastened his belt; "there she is... gotta go sweetheart; but Podge will look after you." Then he was gone.
"So; you like sucking cock, do you?" Podge panted before pulling out. I nodded and moved some hair from my face. "Come here then slut; my turn for a blow job."
Without a second thought I moved cat like on all fours until I could reach out and tug on his short fat cock with my left hand.
"Fucking Hell!" He gasped as I fed his cock into my mouth and began squeezing his hairy balls; "you're fucking married!"
"Is that a problem?" I purred before returning his sweaty cock back in my mouth and began lasciviously licking and sucking it until he suddenly tensed up and a dollop of cum filled my mouth.
As he rolled back I raised myself to my knees; feeling very proud of myself for having had a threesome and sucking my second strangers cock in 24 hours.
YIKES!
There were two more fairground workers standing watching us; and their jeans were around their ankles and their cocks... and what cocks they were, were standing to attention.
"Shane said we could have a go next." The taller one smiled then stepped forward to offer his cock to my mouth... what the Hell? I took it in my hand and gave it a good wank before dipping my head to suck it.
His friend wasn't going to miss out and moved behind; manoeuvring me onto all fours before forcing his own long cock into my pussy.
Podge stayed too and the three of them took turns to fuck me in all kinds of amazing positions; with my favourite being on my back with my ankles either side of my head. I was in Heaven for the next hour; even getting on top of the taller one, with me fucking him, while I took turns sucking the other two cocks; even managing to get both in my mouth at the same time.
In time the three had to get back to work; and with one keeping my knickers as a memento I was virtually pushed out of the caravan covered and full of spunk to make to make my dishevelled way through the families that were now filling the fairground.
I was aware of a couple of sideways looks; but I didn't care... I'd had the time of my life.