My perfect girl
It's 6am and I just texted good morning to the most perfect girl. I'm super excited for today, or more specifically, for tonight. The past couple nights my beautiful girl and I have been having some rather provocative discussions and tonight we are going to turn a bit of fantasy into a reality.
Let me tell you a little bit about her. Of course the obvious for a story like this is to tell you how hot she is. How she has these perfect breasts that feel incredible wrapped around my cock, or how she has the most wonderful hair that is just long enough for me to get a good grip on it while she sucks my cock and stands up straight in the most adorable way when I start grabbing her hair while my hand is wet with her cum. Clearly a story like this should have all those elements along with discussion of how delicious her pussy is, how she has the most beautiful face, how hot and naughty she is, etc.
That's what I should be describing right now. However...
That shit isn't important.
What's important is how wonderful she is. I love to make her smile. Her smile doesn't light up the room, her smile lights me up. My favorite thing to do in the world is to make her laugh because her laugh is the most incredible and uplifting sound I've ever heard. I love spending time cuddled up in bed with her just talking for hours about our day and our thoughts. Or cuddled up in the car. Or on the sofa. Or in the park. What I'm getting at is that I just love being in her presence. She's perfect.
This isn't simply a story about how wonderful she is though, I mean it is, but not just that. It's also about how naughty she is. You see, my beautiful girl is also my perfect little sub. Or perhaps that should read as "Sub". She's an obedient little thing. She does as she's told and being told gets her excited. Very excited. I'd never been so forceful before her. One night we were kissing and I don't know what came over me but I was kissing her and reached my hand around to the back of her head and got a good firm grip on her hair and squeezed. She gasped and the look of desire she gave me nearly stopped my heart, (my little sub is also a bit of a Brat and would now insert a comment about my age) and she bit her lip in the sexiest way and my heart just melted over her all over again.
Since then I have discovered that I have yet to discover her limits. I've tied her up, spanked her, blindfolded her, I've taken complete control of her as a toy and fucked her mouth and pussy until she exploded cum everywhere, I've teased and tortured, whipped and scratched and in general done every naughty thing I've ever wanted to, and many I had no idea I wanted to, and she smiles and moans and cums and wants more.
Back to the reason for my excitement, now that you know a bit more about my perfect little nympho.
We were texting back and forth and the conversation was a little on the naughty side and we started talking about how unbelievably sexy it was when we went to a park explicitly to have sex there. It was as thrilling and exciting as we had thought it would be and we talked about doing it more... but then we didn't.
Well we were having this fairly naughty conversation about how exciting we found each other and how much we needed to get together and the discussion of park sex came up. We decided that Friday, (tonight) would be a good night for some sex in the park. We talked for quite a while after that and got each other quite worked up and over the 2 nights we sent very naughty messages back and forth along with some explicit pictures and videos. Eventually we both jerked off for the pleasure of the other. I may even have sent her a picture of my cock with some of my cum on it when I got so excited I just couldn't hold it anymore.
In the end we decided to meet at our park at 8:30. I also made some demands for tonight. I told here she needed to wear a skirt so I had easy access to her pussy. She was also required to skip her underwear entirely for the evening as well. I knew those instructions would excite her and complying would make her even more aroused. Now I just had to make it through my day at work to find out if my little sub was going to comply. I'm pretty confident she will
*************************
It's 11:30 pm and I just got home from possibly the hottest, most exciting, sexiest night of my entire life. My whole body is vibrating right now.
I met my perfect little sub at our park and she got out of the car and my eyes must have lit up from her perspective. She was in a black dress with a little sweater over top open at the front. She looked gorgeous! My girl is always beautiful but tonight she looked absolutely incredible. She took my hand and we walked to our bench we sit at. We probably sat talking and kissing for an hour. In the beginning there was more talking than kissing but slowly the tide started to turn and we spent more time kissing than talking and our conversation got a little naughtier.
After a while I ran my hand up her bare thigh until my fingers slid far enough to confirm a total lack of underwear. When I touched her pussy I looked at her face and she had this wonderful smile that excited me so much. The spot we were sitting had a light nearby and I suggested we go find somewhere more "out of the way". We got up and walked hand in hand further into the park.
We heard voices coming from behind and slowed to let them pass us by. As we walked we realized the park is wide open with very little cover and I got a little worried we wouldn't find a place to go but we came across a set of benches that had no light nearby and a few trees around. I sat on a bench and she sat in my lap. We kissed and I slid my hand up her thigh again and teased up against her pussy. She was very wet already, my little nympho is definitely an exhibitionist. I reached up and slid her dress straps down her arms so I could pull her top down. I wanted to see those beautiful breasts and exposed her right there in the park. When I slid my hand back to her pussy she was even wetter and I knew what she wanted and slid 2 fingers inside her making her gasp.
Knowing we were limited on time, sitting on a bench in a park and all, I didn't spend time teasing, I wanted my girl to cum all over my hand right there in the park. I curled my fingers just right and immediately she started to drip down my hand. Faster and more forcefully I rubbed the inner walls of her pussy and quickly had her pussy gushing cum all over my hand. I pulled out and played with her little clit forcefully, making her gasp and squeeze me in her arms and quickly slid back inside her and started all over again. She started cumming again and I just kept going feeling her pussy fountain all over my hand so much she had cum running down her leg and dripping onto mine that she was sitting on. She had started rubbing my cock through my pants as I started to bring her down slowly and I was so hard.
Eventually I withdrew my hand from her pussy and when I did she got off my lap and dropped to her knees in front of me taking my cock out of my pants and stroking it before leaning forward and swallowing me into her hot mouth. The feeling was incredible. Here we were, in a public park where we had seen people walking 10 minutes earlier, traffic was driving by on the street nearby and my beautiful little sub was sucking my cock with her tits exposed out of her dress and cum running down her legs. The whole scenario was the most exciting thing I had ever experienced and the way she was swallowing me I knew I wouldn't last long and in our precarious position I wasn't even going to try to hold back. She was so so sexy and I wanted to cum for my beautiful girl.
She stopped sucking me and left my cock wet and started stroking me. She had such a grip on me and my cock was so wet it just glided in her hand. She swallowed me again and I felt such urgency in the way she sucked me. I felt like she just had no interest in playing around, she just wanted my cum. She pulled her mouth away and started stroking me again and in less than a minute I knew it was time. I had to ask before I just exploded.
"Do you want some cum beautiful?"
"Oh yes"
"I'm gonna cum"
And she swallowed me into her wet mouth as I erupted. It was the most intense orgasm I think I've ever had and with each pulse of cum from my cock I could feel her swallow and that just intensified everything I felt and I pulsed more cum into her mouth. It went on and on and on for what seemed like forever. I've never seen anything as sexy as the sight of my perfect little sub on her knees with my cock in her mouth as I came down her throat with her perfect tits out and exposed. It was fucking amazing!
Eventually I stopped cumming and she sucked on me just a little longer until I pulled her back into my lap and kissed her and slid my hand under her skirt again and felt how soaking wet she was. What a sexy woman getting so wet from swallowing my cum. I needed to express how appreciative I was for what she had just done and quickly slid my fingers in her pussy and made her quickly cum and kept it going over and over and I could feel the fountain of her cum splashing below us.
After a little while we composed ourselves, cleaned ourselves up a bit and fixed our clothes and started walking back. Almost immediately we ran into a woman and her dogs. 2 more minutes she may have been treated to the most explicit live sex show she could ever imagine.
**************
Now that the story is told I should tell you I absolutely can't wait to see what other incredible experiences we will get up to but this experience is the most amazing I've ever had and topping it is not going to be easy.
I am the luckiest man in the world to have such an amazing and sexy little sub.