I recently shared with you the story of a taxi ride my wife and I took. I hope you enjoyed it and I thought you might like to know how her slutty behaviour started.
First, let me tell you that my wife is a beautiful, sexy woman. She's average height, with shoulder length, straight, brunette hair. She has a curvy figure and works hard to keep it that way.
A few years ago she decided she wanted a boob job, she felt that her tits were a bit on the small side compared to her hips. She's always been perfect to me but if it made her feel better, who was I to say no? So, she got false tits, a real nice handful and natural looking too, and with it she found she liked the attention she was now getting.
It was a Saturday morning and I was in the kitchen preparing a curry for dinner, I'm a great cook and do most of the cooking. My wife was doing some housework, dancing as she went, listening to the radio I had on in the kitchen.
A knock on the front door made me jump a little, we weren't expecting anyone. "I'll get it!" my wife shouted.
I was putting the lid on the pot to leave it to simmer when I heard voices coming down the hallway. One was a male voice and the other my wife, whom I could distinctly hear giggling.
"Honey, Steve is here," my wife giggled opening the kitchen door
They walked into the kitchen, my wife holding tightly onto Steve's arm. "Hey! Hope I'm not disturbing you?" asked Steve, his cheeks bright red.
I assured him we weren't busy, all the while my wife still had a hold of his arm. I invited him to join me in the living room. I grabbed a couple of drinks from the fridge and we went through.
My wife had the cleaning stuff in the living room, and as Steve and I sat down, she continued with her jobs. We chatted in general but I could see Steve wasn't really paying attention. I followed his eye line to see what was distracting him.
My wife, who was wearing a pair of running shorts and tight strappy top, was bending down polishing the coffee table. And Steve was staring at her butt.
I can't say I blame him. The shorts, which were really short, had ridden up in between her butt cheeks. We both had a perfect view of her beautiful, peachy arse.
I cleared my throat a little to get her attention, Steve was oblivious. She turned her head and looked over her shoulder at me, raising her eyebrows in question. A small smile was playing on her lips.
"The cheeky little minx was doing it on purpose," I thought to myself. Suddenly realising what the giggling and blushes were all about from before.
Wanting to see how far she would go, and to see how our very 'female shy' neighbour would react, I called to her, "I think you missed a spot!"
Making a big show of looking for the 'missed spot', she stepped back a little and bent really low. Her shorts pulled so tight that the seam pulled into her pussy. So now, not only was her arse on show but we could also see her pussy lips (I have a sneaking suspicion that she had pulled them up really high on purpose).
As Steve and I watched entranced, my wife began polishing the table furiously. Her butt was shaking, and oh, what a sight it was!
My cock was now pressing against my zipper, I shifted a little to try and relieve the pressure. I noticed Steve was doing the same. I glanced at his crotch and sure enough I could see a bulge. My shy neighbour had a hard-on for my sexy wife.
Whilst Steve was busy lusting over my wife, I tipped a little water from my bottle onto the carpet in front of me. "Oh, honey! I'm sorry, I've just spilt my drink," I exclaimed.
"Don't worry," she replied cheerfully, dropping to her knees in front of me. I parted my legs as she got on her hands and knees and began mopping up the water with a cleaning rag.
Now, you might remember that my wife often doesn't wear a bra, she doesn't really need to since the boob job. Well, today was one of those days. Her tight top was cut low and her tits were jiggling about under the cotton.
Satisfied with the job, she sat back on her heels. Her top had shifted slightly and the tops of her areolas were showing. A lovely light brown against her pale flesh. Her nipples were hard and begging to be pinched.
As she stood, she put a hand on Steve's thigh, to steady herself. Steve made a squeaking noise and pulled one of the cushions over his hard-on.
Staring straight ahead at my wife standing in front of us, her tightly pulled shorts had given her a camel toe. My wife has a plump, hairless mound, and the shape was showing nicely.
She turned, and as she did, I slapped her arse, hard. The sound of the slap as my hand hit partly bare flesh had my balls aching. "Ow!' she squealed and laughing ran into the kitchen.
Steve looked at me, his mouth hanging open. "Back in a minute," I said as I got up and followed my wife into the kitchen.
I opened the door and there was the little tease leaning against the table, her hand down her shorts, rubbing away.
"Are you fingering yourself?" I asked, not quite believing what I was seeing.
My wife nodded and groaned in response. I practically ran over to her and pulled her shorts down. Sure enough the little slut had two fingers rammed in her pussy.
She yelped as I picked he up and sat her on the table. I shoved her legs over my shoulder and buried my face in her wet pussy.
She grabbed my head with her juice soaked hand and pushed me in deep. My nose filled with her smell as I went crazy, licking, sucking and biting.
She had me so turned on with her display in front of Steve that I opened up my jeans and grabbed my swollen cock. Taking it in my fist, I jerked back and forth.
I thought I heard a noise behind me, but at that moment my wife squeezed my head with her thighs and came all over my face.
I was still pumping my cock when I growled, "Get on your knees."
My wife dropped in front of me and barely had time to yank down the neck of her top before I squirted all over her tits. My cum dripping down and hanging from her beautiful nipples.
A sharp intake of breath behind alerted me to the fact that Steve had entered the kitchen. I looked round as I stuffed my cock back into my jeans.
"Lovely isn't she?" I asked nodding towards my still kneeling wife, her cum covered tits glistening under the kitchen light.
Steve nodded in agreement before running out the door. I heard the front door slam as I bent down and kissed my wife.
And that was how our adventures began.