Please do rate and comment on the stories. This gives me motivation.
Welcome back readers!
In the last story I had a revelation. I vowed to make Jyoti an exhibitionist wife. This was something of a desire that was simmering inside me but I was not able to come to terms with it.
After burst of my kinky emotions and 2 orgasms, when I came out of the shower, I was a bit calm and I was thinking with my mind and not my cock.
I realized what I felt inside and was feeling guilty. I felt that I was planning to manipulate my lovely wife and that is deceiving her and cheating.
At the same time, I reasoned with self that I have some desires which I want my better half to fulfill. What is wrong in that!
Hmmm! I thought that I will always put out my feelings and desires as requests in front of Jyoti and will always be respect her decisions.
If she refuses to do something then, I can convince her with reason and love but I will never do anything to break her trust.
I felt somewhat redeemed in my heart. When Jyoti brought Tea for us, I felt jittery and nervous about how to convince her of something so unreal and impossible.
Jyoti was looking anxious and sad.
I told her to let go and enjoy the evening. She just looked at a distance and sipped her tea. I said, I know we can't disappoint Luke after knowing his past and present situation but what can we do.
Jyoti said, "I will request Carla to comeback on Sunday, or send any of her friend on that day, maybe she will agree or maybe she will think I am too clingy.
I hope she doesn't break our friendship over this, I can't lose a friend and I can't lose Marla and Luke as a friend too. I am so much in trouble, please help me. I can't let this go."
I put my team down and looked her in the eye and said, there is a way out of this and all your friends will be intact.
She just looked at me with desperate smile hoping I have found a magical solution.
I relaxed myself internally and said, why can't you accompany Luke on Sunday. As you said, Luke didn't mind when you said Carla is a bit elder to him.
This will solve all your problem and you will earn a strong bond with Marla and Martins.
Jyoti was just a statue, her tea cup was stopped before her lips and it remained there, she just looked at me.
Her face was brimming with shock and surprise. After few seconds, I waved in front of her face and she flinched.
I said, what do you say to my idea. Jyoti closed her eyes, put back the cup on the table and remained still. After few seconds, again I called to her and she opened her eyes and spoke.
Jyoti -- what are you saying, have you lost all sense. I don't want to discuss this any further.
Jyoti just left the room; I remained and finished my tea. I was feeling disappointed that I upset her once again.
After half an hour, I herd her voice, probable she was talking to someone. When she came out a bit latter, she was bursting with anger. I said, I am sorry and I didn't know any other way out.
Jyoti -- How can you even bring up something so bad. How your thought goes in that direction. Why its always like this. You know that I just can't take your unorthodox behavior. Indian men don't do that.
Men are supposed to protect their wives but you always put me out there.
Men don't let anyone see their wife's body but you encourage me to dress like a cheap woman.
Any red-blooded man will get boiled if a wife is even allegedly gets flirted by another man but you get hard when a stranger hugs your wife and you are proposing that your wife should go on a date with another man in front of the world. Are you even a man. Do you even love me.
I thought of taking this head on, I said in a calming voice that, "first you need to relax and let me explain before questioning my masculinity and love.
Darling, when I request you to wear short dresses and don't care when others see you and when I proposed you to go with Luke on Sunday, it symbolized my masculinity and my love for you." Jyoti asked "how" in an exasperated way.
I said, "Because I am man enough to let you feel freedom and not tangle you in a toxic relationship, I love you enough to not put restriction on you like other so-called red-blooded men.
Moreover, I am confident of your love that even if someone approaches you or flirt with you, you will always be loyal to me and will always love me and not leave me.
I am so confident of my masculinity that I can let people see you in your smallest of clothes and still not be jealous or have ill feelings for you."
Jyoti was just listening and she didn't have any argument. I continued by saying, I love you to the moon and back and you are right I am not one of those men whom you know.
I don't think women are only to do household jobs and they don't have any other aspect of life other than being a maid for their husbands.
I care for your happiness because when you came to me on that beach on our honeymoon to ask me my permission to go with the girls in bikini and do all those stuffs, I just supported you and never ever pointed a finger even after you neglected me after coming ack from honeymoon.
Even I can forgive you for questioning my Masculinity but I can't forgive you for questioning my love for you."
Jyoti was stunned, she didn't know what to say. Whatever I said was true. Jyoti sat on the chair with a gloomy look.
She said, "I am sorry dear, here I was worried about losing friends and in the process, I upset you and questioned your love but dear how can you ask a married woman to date someone."
I replied back saying that, if a 3rd person is asking a married woman to date someone then I can understand your feeling but here I am you husband and i am asking you to go on Sunday with Luke so that we can help a boy who is in need.
I can understand your outraged feeling but if I am happy to let you go and be a date for a poor guy for 1 day then what's the harm.
Jyoti just moved her head in disbelief. I said, if you have any other idea then you can tell or else agree on this.
Jyoti -- You know how crazy this is for me and I am totally overwhelmed by this situation and all your explanations.
I just spoke to Carla when I was in the room and she was pitying on me because I am so wrapped up on my traditional believes that I can't see what I have as in what kind of great husband I have.
She shouted on me to go on Sunday and told me that I am over analyzing the situation. That's when I cut her call and came out of the room angry. I think you both are mad.
That's when the phone rang, it was Marla. When Jyoti picked up, Marla sounded very happy and chirpy, she thanked Jyoti for getting a date for Luke and said that Luke is all busy in preparation and has told everyone that he going to the fest with a date.
Jyoti looked at me dejectedly and just said "your welcome" to Marla. After some more talks call was disconnected. Jyoti with a sarcastic and angry face said, "congratulations! Your beloved wife has a date on Sunday."
Well I was over the moon, I was joyous and nervous and happy and terrified and so much more but more importantly I was HARD.
Jyoti saw my manhood and started shaking her head in disbelief but she had a small smile at the end. I ran towards her and lifted her up. She was still in her tank top and short shorts and I put my lips on her boobs over the top and started sucking.
I took her to the bedroom and opened her top and shorts very quickly. She was not expecting this but I was not able to control my feelings. I kissed her on the lips and thew my clothes in the meantime.
I held her close and told her that, "dear, I give you my complete blessing to go on a date with Luke and I don't want you to go there as a favor for Luke or Marla but as an act of love for your husband."
I started unclasping her bra and started mauling her breast. Her breasts are so spongy yet taut and stands so straight, I started feeling overly aroused. I put my tongue to use and started circling her areola with deft touches.
She started moaning just a bit. Her hand started circling me and started feeling back of my neck and head. I put my fingers in her panties and started making circles over her creamy pussy and clit.
I disconnected my face from her melons and said, "my dearest, I am so lucky to have a perfect wife but I want you to express love with the same passion as you express your anger and discontent, just minutes ago you said I am not a man and I don't love you.
I want you to say that you love me and you will go on a date with Luke for me and will try to explore and enjoy just like you did with Angela on that bikini contest day."
Jyoti suddenly stopped when she herds me say bikini competition and Angela. I inserted my fingers in her pussy and with thumb I was playing with her clit & I said, "you know Angela told me all that happened in that room and after the plumber incident you told me that how you felt like a Randi and Slut in that room.
As you see, I have never ever brought it up in our talks and never shown my regret or disapproval for events happened on bikini contest day or the with plumber because I love you and I trust you and I want sometimes to see your crazy side.
I loved it when you used bad words for yourself."
Jyoti started feeling the heat of my fingers and put a finger on my mouth and started to undo my boxers.
She took my cock in her hand and put it at the entry and started to push. I tried to enter in her very tight pussy and 50% of my cock went inside.
Jyoti just held my cock in her hand and stopped me. She looked me in the eyes and said "You are my love and my god and I can't disobey you.
I am sorry for my behavior today and earlier. After the bbq party I promised you to give you your dream wife and I tried but every time I have to cross a big moral boundary which is as bad as any sin".
I started becoming soft and Jyoti realized this. She started stroking half of my cock in her hand.
She continued by saying, "Jaan, I am sorry again for what I am going to say now and god is my witness that how devoted and pure wife I am but for you my husband I can be a Randi or a prostitute or a slut and a vyasya anything you want.
I have shouted on you after that plumber saw my nude and today to and to repent this sin, I will fulfill your desire and I will go happily for a date with another man."
My tools was like an iron rod at this time and I tried to start the to and fro but Jyoti held it tightly with a death grip.
She said, "My dear for going further you have to promise me something."
She looked very serious, she added, "You have to promise that your respect for me will never decrease, your love for me will never decrease and you will always believe me when I say that I am a pativrata stree (fidelity of women towards her husband) and always will be".
I will never be able to fully understand and adjust this modern culture and will always be tradition orthodox desi backward wife. Do you promise?"
I held both her hands and kissed her with intent and my acceptance of her promise.
I said, I promise I will always be dedicated to you and will trust you and will always hold you in highest regard and love you till my last breath, she started smiling.
Then I said, even if you roam in a bikini on the street, even if you use words like Randi and Slut for you or start using matherchod or behenchod words when you get excited or horny.
Even if you go on dates, even if you start wearing smallest of the small clothes around house, I will always see you as my tradition pativrata lovely wife.
Jyoti was leaking and I was oozing, there was no stopping this train. I was going at fast speed in her and she started moaning as loudly as possible and I was grunting and saying, fuck you my randi biwi(wife).
I held her sumptuous, big and delicate ass in my hand started giving my last performance, in some time we both came and that was the most explosive and dirtiest sex of our married life.
To be cont.....
Next chapter coming soon.