Richard was driving his Skoda Superb along the M3 to the London suburb of Southwark, a two-hour drive from Portsmouth. The second-hand Skoda was his new pretend luxury car as his divorce had cost him, among other things, his BMW series 7. Beside him sat Ma, his forty-three-year-old Chinese lover. Following his friend Aussie Greg's advice and instructions, he had frequented the Asian groceries in Portsmouth, and at the Sun Hung Chang Grocery had struck up a conversation with the plain-looking Asian mother, Ma. This had led to the greatest sex he had ever had, and sex that had increased both in frequency, intensity, and variety, culminating in him watching Ma defeat a Cantonese woman in a sexfight: a first for Richard (see Chapters one and two).
His eyes glanced to the left taking in Ma sitting beside him. Like most Asians, she looked younger than her age and due to Richard's encouragement, her size six body was squeezed into what looked like a sprayed-on, tailormade size four dress so short that a peep in the rear mirror revealed she was wearing a red thong today. He knew what was under the super-tight dress. A 5 ft 4, 100-pound 30B 25 32 body, and even after two months he still marvelled at her tits. True they were small: only30 inches, but they were round being a B cup. However, the nipples were things of wonder: her areolae were dark and far larger than the world's current largest coin, the Australian 50p coin with its 11/4" diameter, while her nipples even at rest were almost 1/2" long and a little thinner than a pencil in diameter.
She only knew the vague outlines of the surprise that lay ahead of her in Southwark, and he smiled to himself. With the M3 traffic low, Richard's mind wandered to Ma's twenty-one-year-old daughter, Liu. He had thought of her as "The Mouse" because she was always studying at the university or library and was hardly in the house and when she was, she was quiet and unobtrusive. But more so because she was so quiet and unattractive. Her flat, round face was dominated by large round glasses, she had longish hair cut brutally straight, wore no makeup, and was slightly taller than her mother at five foot five, but very skinny. It was hard to tell exactly how slight she was as she had worn loose oversized tracksuits but for certain she was considerably lighter than her mother's 100 pounds and had a scrawnier body than Ma, perhaps being a 30AA 21 30.
But that was three weeks ago before she had blackmailed/seduced Richard into fucking her in the flat above the Sun Hung Chang Grocery store he had rented for Ma's sexfight. To Richard's surprise, she was as horny and sex-crazed as her mother, and arguably a better fuck. When Richard, lost in sexual ecstasy as he fucked her, had said she was better than her mother, she took that as him wanting her to replace Ma. Richard had to work hard to slow her down (Chp 3). She wanted to sexfight her mother and start making her sex slave yesterday or even earlier if possible. Richard had thought quickly and said they couldn't afford for Liu to lose and explained how her mother was now experienced having just recently taken on and defeated a Hong Kong champion. He pointed out how horny Liu was and how he had never believed a woman could cum as often as Liu had, but sexfighting was, except for one contest, a battle of not cumming. Furthermore, he needed time to get Ma willing to participate in the contest.
Eventually, she agreed to Richard arranging training for her to learn sexfighting so she would be a certainty to win. He had bought in four older, independent, part-time prostitutes and paid them to fuck Liu senseless, and selected one, the 39-year-old Fen Zhao, an illegal immigrant from mainland China, to be her training partner (see Chp 3). His cock swelled to its full length as he replayed in his mind yesterday's activity at the flat above the Asian store. With Liu and Fen Zhao nude before him, he had said, "These are the rules for today, You will both wear strap-ons. Fen Zhao has to butt fuck Liu until I am happy that she is in deep and made her cum uncontrollably. Liu has the easier task: to fully cunt fuck Fen Zhao with the dildo."
The thirty-nine-year-old Fen Zhao old had long straight black hair and sharp features, and she prepared by fastening the strap-on belt to her naked, from the waist down, body. A body that weighed 102 pounds, had 32B breasts, a flat stomach, prominent hip bones and relatively long slender legs. Although slim, she looked athletic compared to Liu as the two moved to the centre of the room and slowly circled, each looking for an opening.
"Remember how I fucked you two nights ago, slut," Fen Zhao taunted, trying to distract Liu. "There's no escape here. I will walk out of here, you will crawl out with a dildo embedded in your arse."
Fen Zhao suddenly charged forward, and Liu hurriedly jumped aside, narrowly avoiding a grab aimed at her hair. Fen Zhao quickly recovered and lunged forward again, and this time took Liu down in a flying tackle. Liu tumbled backwards and uttered a loud "UUMPH!" as she hit the floor and Fen Zhao's arms wrapped around her.
Fen Zhao quickly straddled Liu and, before she could recover, reached for her halter top. Her fingers fastened on the top, pulled hard and with a loud ripping sound the material tore, and Liu's small tits were revealed. As they bobbed free Richard saw her thick dark nipples were already erect. Liu retaliated and reached up to grab Fen Zhao's tits. She ripped the buttons off Fen Zhao's transparent white blouse, forcing Fen Zhao to stop her attack. But Liu had managed to get one of her nipples between two fingers and was stroking and teasing the erect teat. Fen Zhao gasped in shock and, as she pulled away, Liu pushed and with a cry Fen Zhao fell backwards off Liu.
Liu followed up by lunging forward and mounting Fen Zhao. She swiftly gripped the flapping remnants of Fen Zhao's blouse and ripped it wide open and down her arms, trapping and immobilizing them. Fen Zhao's round, firm tits were helplessly exposed, and Liu immediately thrust the palms of her hands on her tits and dug her fingers deep massaging them like all Japanese males for some unknown reason do in JAV videos. Fen Zhao's struggles managed to free her arms by completely ripping the already torn material of her blouse, and she unleashed her retaliatory attacks on Liu.
She was still pinned against the floor, but her arms were free, and her hands fastened onto Liu's breasts and started her massage and arousal of Liu's tits and nipples. The two women grunted and panted, both straining for the upper hand as they worked on each other's aroused tit flesh. Liu showed the past few weeks of contests had not been wasted and took the initiative by using one of her legs to force open her opponent's thighs and give her access to Fen Zhao's cunt. Her eyes narrowed with anticipation as she shifted her pelvis to bring her strap-on dildo to Fen Zhao's exposed cunt. She stabbed forward impaling Fen Zhao's love slit with the very tip of it and gave her a rapid shallow fucking, screaming her triumph as she did.
Fen Zhao used her greater strength, heaved up, and "accidentally" head-butted Liu in the face knocking her backwards. Liu still managed to keep her dildo in Fen Zhao as they rolled on the floorand finally buried the strapon dildo into the older woman when she ended up on top. Moaning with anticipation she forced it home several times and started humping Fen Zhao before Fen Zhao's frantic writhing forced her off. They faced each other, unsteadily finding their balance, keeping a wary eye on each other.
"You're fucked cunt, you're toooooo old."
"Wait till I shaft you, bitch, then you'll find out what experience counts for."
Liu circled, arms held out, bent at the elbows. Fen Zhao advanced toward her, her arms also poised for attack. They lunged at each other grasping each other's torn upper body garments which were now hanging in shreds. Their small tits bounced back and forth and the fake cocks in their strap-ons swayed as they struggled, trying to force each other down to the floor. Fen Zhao used her fighting experience to push Liu back and managed to work a leg behind her. She pushed and Liu fell backward, uttering a surprised cry, but she recovered quickly, bounced up and retook her stance.
Fen Zhao feigned to the right as she kicked out with her left foot. Liu swayed and brought the heel of her hand up into Fen Zhao's jaw. Fen Zhao grunted but managed to swing around and kick Liu in the side. Liu backed away, ducking under another powerful blow that Fen Zhao aimed at her head. Liu brought her knee up into Fen Zhao's belly who squealed like a pig but while she staggered back still managed to both keep her feet and grab Liu's heel and yank her towards her. She brought her palm into Liu's face knocking her backwards.
Liu twisted as she fell and landed face forward with her arms out to stop her fall. She lay on her belly momentarily dazed before getting to her knees while Fen Zhao regained her balance and moving quickly, leapt onto Liu's back, and was all over her like a rash. Liu was forced forward again and onto her knees with her arse exposed. Fen Zhao brought the dildo stabbing up against her back chute, sliding it several inches along her clenching crack.
"I'm going to FUCK YOUR ARSE, REAM YOU. SPLIT YOU OPEN, BITCH" Fen Zhao screeched. Her belly slapped down on Liu's back as she grabbed Ma's daughter's hips pulling them against her cunt, stabbing her with her dildo. The dildo smashed against Liu's clenching arse cheeks. Time and time again Fen Zhao rammed the hard slicone tool against her crack. The small, wrinkled hole attacked repeatedly as Fen Zhao stabbed the dildo against it. Liu gasped and writhed against Fen Zhao, trying to throw her off, but she was far too strong finally breaching the entrance and then, with a brutal lunge, she fully pierced Liu's moving sphincter entrance and thrust into her rectal tunnel.
Liu let out a scream of anger as it was forced into her. Fen Zhao's legs were squeezed tightly around Liu, holding her in place, and although Liu's legs flailed frantically Fen Zhao thrust the dildo deeper inside her tight, defenceless arse hole. Liu tried to force the invader out by lifting and pressing back with her arse, but this allowed Fen Zhao's hand to reach up between her legs. Her hand found Liu's pussy exposed below the strap-on and teased her clit.
"OH YEAH, YOU LIKE THAT? HUH! LIKE IT?"
With Liu's resistance gone Fen Zhao gripped the base of the dildo tightly, directing it as she put all her weight behind her thrusts and ploughed the black slicone further inside the tight hole. Liu was clawing at the floor, trying hopelessly to pull away or turn over, as she felt the cock tunnelling deeper into her guts. She grunted and wailed each time Fen Zhao humped the dildo. Fen Zhao screamed "I'm SPLITTING YOUR ARSE, BITCH, SPLITTING IT," as she rammed the remaining inch of black slicone up into Liu's arse.
She smiled in anticipation of the victory as she forced the cock into Liu's body until the last inch of the dildo disappeared inside the butt hole and her arse cheeks closed tightly around it. Then her fingers went to work on Liu's clit. Relentlessly she stroked and teased the sex organ into total arousal. Fen Zhao pushed her mouth to Liu's ear. "You are going to cum good, bitch. However, and how often I want."
Liu wailed as her arousal increased until a final shriek announced her orgasm. Fen Zhao waited for Richard's call. However, it didn't come as he wanted to see and enjoy more. Liu's body shivered. Fen Zhao hammered the dildo relentlessly, forcing it in and out her arsehole as Liu thrashed beneath her, heaving up and twisting, still aroused by the dildo in her arse and Fen Zhao's fingerwork on her clit.
Fen Zhao wrapped her arms around Liu's, raised her upper body and then dropped her weight backward. Both women toppled, landing on their backs. Liu's eyes bulged and her mouth opened wide as the entire dildo embedded itself up her shit chute. Fen Zhao locked her arms around Liu's tits and her legs around her legs. She shafted into Liu sending bolts of searing violation up and down Liu's body as she ground the fake cock inside her. Liu's frame rocked back and forth, and a low-pitched continual moaning came from her lungs. She could feel the head of the dildo forcing deep into her cramping intestines. Her bowel muscles burned far up inside her. She was helplessly impaled on Fen Zhao's strap-on and shuddered uncontrollably as her body reacted to the fucking she was receiving. Cramps tore through her shocked system sending their message to her addled brain as the older Chinese woman's fingers worked their magic on Liu's throbbing clit.
The rigid fuckpole jarred and vibrated inside Liu. All of the slicone cock was forced past her anal ring and up into the entrance of her bowels. Her crinkled opening gaped open and pressed hard against the base of the dildo, distended by the abuse of the fat rigid sex toy. She felt it slowly close tightly around the base as her belly tightened.
Fen Zhao wailed inside herself in triumph as she realised how much she enjoyed fucking this bitch. Then her body gave a terrible shudder: it heaved, every nerve on end, every muscle straining as she exploded into the most massive, overwhelming orgasm of her life. Wave after wave of searing, burning sensations roared through her system as she hammered up into Liu's limp body. In a sign of total submission, Liu's arsehole clutched and twitched around the dildo, sucking and pulling it even deeper into her arse as she came.
Later, alone with Liu, Richard was astounded, as despite the arse fucking she had received, she enthusiastically rode him, cowgirl style, before spooning as he slowly fucked her while he praised her efforts in gaining first entry in the contest, lasting so long, and her ability to cum. They drifted off to sleep in the apartment above the Sun Hung Chang grocery.
An hour later Richard was awakened by Liu's moans as she thrashed around on the floor beside the bed. He saw Liu prone on her back with Fen Zhao's head between her legs. Both women were nude and Richard's cock, despite having fucked Liu only an hour before, hardened as he witnessed the contrast between Liu's out-of-control, writhing, thrashing body and the deliberate calmness of Fen Zhao as she ruthlessly ate her.
The aging personal freelance escort had not pulled the door shut when leaving, then had waited, before creeping back into the upstairs single-roomed apartment. Once inside she slid into the bed and fastened onto Liu's cunt. The sensation of Fen Zhao's tongue lashing her pussy's slit had awakened Liu and her struggles had caused her to roll off the bed onto the floor with Fen Zhao's mouth still attached to her pussy. Lying on her back, Liu's knees splayed wide and her stomach churned as the mouth of the older Chinese woman lying between her legs worked its magic on her twat. Although Liu tried to stifle her moans, the sounds of her cries soon filled the bedroom and dragged Richard from his post fuck sleep. He had stood behind Fen Zhao's bony hips and watched as Liu writhed on the floor, completely lost in the sensations surging from her wet and sloppy cunt. Without removing her tongue from Liu, Fen Zhao wiggled her arse at Richard invitingly.
"Look who's come to join us," she had said as she added fingers to the invasion of Liu's snatch, while her other her grasped her tits, pinching her nipples and causing Liu to squirm, gasp, and thrash around as Fen Zhao maintained her arousal of the sensitive inner lining of Liu's love tunnel. Richard could tell from her erratic breathing and tiny cries that Liu was about to cum again. Releasing her one hand from Liu's tits Fen Zhao pulled Richard's boxers down and freed his turgid prick and stroked its thick shaft. Liu's eyes half-opened and she saw Richard's cock pointing at Fen Zhao's hips. She heard the prostitute plead, "Fuck me, Richard. Fuck me... Unhhh... while I eat her... Unhhh... pussy."
Richard reached down to Fen Zhao's uplifted, shaved slit and rubbed the tip of his cock along her wet slit, parting the lips and lubricating his cock head before placing it against her pussy tunnel. Suddenly, underneath Fen Zhao, Liu gasped spasmodically. Her slender body arched, straining to press her throbbing clit against the source of its pleasure: Fen Zhao's tongue and fingers, and her pussy spurted cum onto Fen Zhao's chin. She clamped her thighs around the prostitute's head as her pleasure consumed her. Fen Zhao was the next to cry out as Richard inserted his erect meat halfway into her wet cunt. As Liu recovered from her orgasm, he worked his cock fully into Fen Zhao's pussy and went to town.
Ooohh, That's what I need," Fen Zhao moaned as she rested her head against Liu's belly, feeling the ebb tide of Liu's climax, before pushing back to take Richard's cock again in her swollen, aroused cunt. He drove his cock in and out of her, driving deeper and deeper inside her with each thrust. Liu was pinned by Fen Zhao's body and had to watch Richard's cock impale Fen Zhao's dark sopping just inches from her face.
"Fuck me. Fuck. Me. Fuck. Me," the older woman chanted as she continued plunging her fingers in and out of Liu's syrupy fuckhole, inhaling the musky heat from her pussy. She extended her tongue out and worked on Liu's clit again, causing Ma's daughter to shiver in pleasure. Lost in ecstasy, Fen Zhao braced herself against the bed and groaned incoherently. "That's right. Keep fucking me," she yelled to Richard, "Make me cum. Make me cum."
With an ear-splitting scream, Fen Zhao went over the edge. Her body collapsed on top of Liu, and Richard, unable to hold back, moaned and filled her. His cock was pulled free by Fen Zhao's writhing body and it throbbed in mid-air, still wet from Fen Zhao's juicy cunt. Meanwhile, Fen Zhao knelt over Liu's face and held her labia open, exposing the dark pink inner lips of her fuck hole. Using her other arm to hold Liu still, she rubbed her cunt up and down Liu's face.
Oh, Oooohhhhh," Fen Zhao moaned. "I love this. I'm going to cum again on her face."
Fen Zhao's hips shook as she humped Liu's face. Richard sat back and watched his cum dribble from her cunt. Without warning, Fen Zhao's body shook and her legs clamped together, trapping Liu's face between her thighs. She stiffened above Liu's face, screamed and let her cum juices mixed with Richard's load that he had buried inside her, cover Liu's face.
Richard thought it was over, but he was wrong.
Spitting on the discarded dildo of the discarded strap-on she had used earlier she worked it into Liu's arse. Then kneeling quickly between her legs, the 39-year-old spread the younger woman's labia and squeezed the hood of Liu's clit, rubbing it up and down over the wet, swollen clit head. Liu was so sexed up that she was helpless and responded immediately, groaning and whimpering with each movement. Without interrupting her work on her clit, Fen Zhao slid the index finger of her left hand into the pink wetness of Liu's cunt, causing her to wail even louder. Slowly, she rimmed the entrance, opening up the tight muscles that guarded Liu's cunt entrance. A second finger followed and penetrated up to the third knuckle. Fen Zhao felt Liu's muscles relax slightly.
Her fingers slid in and out rhythmically, pulling at Liu's inner lips and dragging Liu closer to another orgasm. Liu's cunt oozed copious amounts of pussy juice, and Fen Zhao soon had her third finger jammed into her hot box. Fen Zhao's slit was wet too, and she ground her vulva against Liu's lower leg. She wedged her fourth finger into the sticky folds of Liu's cunt. All fingers were two knuckles deep. She spread and pushed her fingers alternately until the breadth of her third knuckles was soon surrounded by the stretched muscles of her cunt.
"Oh... please...no more, I can't take it...no moooreeeee!" moaned Liu.
Ignoring her wails Fen Zhao clenched and unclenched her hand, rotating it back and forth slightly. She felt the last resistance as Liu's oversexed cunt muscles collapsed. Tucking her thumb into her palm, she continued to stretch her wide then lowered her head and began to suck Liu's over-engorged clit into her mouth. Fen Zhao had lost any control and was humping her cunt against Liu's leg, To Fen Zhao it felt as though her fingers were trapped in a warm container of thick oil. Against her palm, she could feel the dildo pulsing inside Liu's arse.
Fen Zhao rapidly lapped Liu's clit with her tongue and Liu gasped in response. Pulling her fingers from Liu's wet hole, she pressed four fingers together and then violently jammed them forward. Her hand sank into the warm, yielding opening until only her thumb remained outside. Pushing her thumb against Liu's clit, she began to drive her hand rapidly in, grinding her thumb on her clit as she did so. Fen Zhao forced her fist deeper, slowly easing the heel of her hand into Liu, whose spasming cunt and lips closed around her wrist. Soon cream was oozing from Liu's pussy covering her pouting cunt lips and dripping down Fen Zhao's wrist.
Fen Zhao used her feet to push Liu's ankles apart, straining to force her legs wider apart and hold them as she fully fisted Liu's cunt, who writhed and kicked, gasped and groaned with each deep thrust. Fen Zhao leant forward and began suckling her left teat causing the already engorged nipple to grow. Liu began to heave and fuck back, impaling herself on the older woman's arm. Her mouth locked over Liu's nipple as she pounded her cunt. It was too much for Liu. Her belly grew tight and knotted hotly and her nipples throbbed. She felt herself beginning to cum. Her vagina opened completely, and then a series of pulsing contractions began, gripping Fen Zhao's fist sucking and squeezing it hard. Cream flowed from Liu's fuckhole and dribbled down to the floor.
Fen Zhao withdrew the arse dildo and sucked two fingers of her free hand, reached down, pressed them between Liu's arse cheeks, located her back door and then pressed them against the tight opening. She pressed, ignoring the resistance until both fingers slid into Liu's arse. A shuddering moan reverberated around the bedroom. Fen Zhao drove her fingers into and out of both openings. "Cum, you fucking dirty little cunt! You know you love it hard, you little tramp. That little pussy better be quivering in the next minute or this is just the beginning," Fen Zhao screeched.
Liu moaned again, and her arse bounced wildly in time to Fen Zhao's driving fingers. Fen Zhao curled her thumb in and drove her entire fist into Liu's quivering arse while screaming "Cum, you slut!" at the top of her lungs. Just as Liu's cunt reached its most aroused state, Fen Zhao yanked her knuckles from the fist fucked cunt with a loud pop. When she straightened out her fingers, they dripped with pussy juice on Liu's face. That was the final straw. Liu screamed in pleasure and pain as her uterus let go.
"UHHHHH.. NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!"
She arched her back as she came hard. An almost superhuman fountain of white, female spunk ejaculated from between her gaping, quivering, wet slit, splattering Fen Zhao from belly button to slit. Richard watched as a torrent of white, creamy jizz erupted from Liu's cunt in all directions: some even reaching the floor. Just when he thought it had finished with Liu's pussy just dribbling, Liu grunted and arched her back again, squirming and flexing as she exploded with her orgasm and squirted straight into Fen Zhao's face. Another pause and she sprayed again, her arse writhing and humping, as she let loose with the next spurt of her cunt milk. Liu's open, monstrously engorged cunt lips pouted open and ejected the last spurts of her huge load of love juice onto Fen Zhao's extended tongue. Her orgasm faded with her moans.
Liu gasped trying to regain her senses she opened her eyes to the sight of Fen Zhao deep-throating Richard's cock which had become hard again at the sight of this one-sided contest.
Richard was dragged out of his reverie by Ma unzipping his pants and pulling his rampant cock from his boxers. She leaned across as he drove and her warm wet mouth started blowing him, licking up and down the shaft of his cock, tonguing its head before taking the cockhead fully into her mouth as she sucked his meat. He moaned his pleasure and put his hand on her neck as she bobbed her head up and down. Richard groaned deeply and warned her that he was close to cumming, and she went into overdrive, sucking him dry as he blew his load. His cock shot forth streams of jism in her mouth and throat and plastered her face.
"I could see you were thinking of me, and I had to help," Ma stated as she sat upright in the car. "Thinking of her. Yeah, right." If only she knew, Richard thought.
For the rest of the trip, Richard elaborated on the "surprise': A reward for Ma's defeat of the Cantonese Guan in their sexfight and her rapid acceptance of sexual depravity. He had wondered before if she knew of Taoism and sex, but like most Chinese born overseas, she was knowledgeable in Wuxia Kung Fu novels, comics and movies and the Taoist monk's role in them. To his delighted surprise, she needed no persuasion and was all for the course he had enrolled her in.
Richard had come across Taoism sex on the net, and become intrigued, but there was little of the ancient Chinese belief in the UK. Finally, he turned to the owner of the Sun Hang Chang grocery store. Perhaps because Richard was now a regular customer, and one who never haggled, or maybe because he wanted Richard to keep renting the upstairs flat, he had become somewhat friendly. Mr Chang had perused the Chinese local newspapers, 80% of which were advertisements, made some enquiries, and with a knowing conspiratorial look given Richard some phone numbers. Three of the five establishments spoke no English, one was as far as he could establish a spiritual meditation centre, but the other according to the cultured English voice of Jean was a Taoist Centre for Taoist Practices to Improve Sex.
He had driven to Southwark in London a couple of days later and was greeted by a very attractive thirty-year-old Asian who stood framed in the doorway in answer to the doorbell. The Chinese woman was shorter than Ma, perfectly proportioned and she stood with the animal grace you see in an exotic dancer. A radiant smile played on her lips and her beautiful, oriental eyes accented and tastefully dominated her doll-like face. Her body projected an image of a completely realized woman, fulfilled, self-confident and full of sexuality. She was dressed in Nike, hot pink leggings and a pure silk, white blouse tied under her breasts and left unbuttoned sufficiently revealing her cleavage and the shape of her breasts swelling out provocatively. There was no underwear line visible under the blouse or the slacks and her displayed stomach and abs showed she was a gym junkie.
"You must be Richard." She spoke with a warm, throaty, softly modulated voice, her slight Oriental accent charming but her English was cultured and correct.
Recognising the voice, he replied, "And you must be Jean who I spoke to on the phone."
Only as you were western. My Chinese name is Xinxin Chunlu or once we enter my temple, High Priestess Xinxin Chunlu."
Two hours later Richard walked out his mind reeling from phrases such as: "conserving and building sexual energy. Joining of sexual energies by two partners is purported to bring the highest pleasure and spiritual enlightenment.... perfect embodiment of the principle is the sexual unification of the opposite sexes -- mixing of the male and female principles, bodily fluids, penetrative and receiving energy... In the sex act, referred to as "the joining of the essences... cultivating sexual energy aim at saving Essence, enhancing Qi....you can spread orgasmic energy from your genitals through your entire body. With your partners, you can synchronize the breath, one inhaling while the other is exhaling. There are more elaborate practices for moving the sexual life force energies through the body, some that are safest and to practice with an experienced teacher in a threesome."
Finally, they reached the Centre. "Why do you want me to be tattooed?" Ma queried.
'Because you have done so well so quickly. Your lovemaking, so much stronger and longer than any woman even those years younger, your pride in being and dressing as a sexual woman and then destroying the Cantonese woman in a sexfight."
"Yes, I did, didn't I, but what tattoo will I get?"
"I have been researching and I think a stylised image of Jiutian Xuannü would be best."
She gasped. "You mean the Goddess of love and lust. Do you know the terms like 'jade stalk entering the lotus flower' and 'the joining of the essence' started with her? Where will it be on me?"
Richard answered, "I was thinking on the top of your foot, but it is up to you. Only if you do it, but if you do there will be no turning back. I will drag every bit of slut woman from you."
She shivered with anticipation. "Or maybe it could be her having sex with her sister, Sunü."
"Yes," he said as his fingers reached under her tiny tight black mini skirt and played with her naked wet cunt as she sat beside him in the car, "or we add that later after another important event."
She shuddered and covered his hand with cum. They entered the Taoist centre in Southwark and a 30-year-old lighter skinned Chinese woman greeted them. It was no longer Jean; it was Xinxin Chunlu, the High Priestess, dressed like a concubine from a historical Kung Fu movie. One that played loosely with historical facts and replaced them with X-rated sex.
"Ah this is the beautiful lady we have discussed," she said in her cultured accent "Thank you for choosing my temple of sex and have you decided what adornment the lady would like?"
"Yes, it is the Jiutian Xuannü image as I discussed with you, said Richard. Could you and Ma select the final image?" The two looked at many depictions before Ma selected the Goddess riding a phoenix, using clouds as reins. On her head, she had a nine-dragon and flying phoenix topknot and she was dressed in an open-fronted, revealing garment made from transparent bird feathers of nine colours. Xinxin prepared the stencil with Ma's face inserted on the goddess to a size that covered Ma's foot top.
"Ok, I've finished. Strip off now so we can get to work," she stated. Seeing her hesitation she continued, "It is necessary for building up the increased sexual atmosphere, so the student acolyte obtains the full benefits from the ceremony."
Ma looked at Richard in an enquiring manner, but he nodded his assent, so she undid her tight blouse proudly displaying to Xinxin her firm tits, the erect nipples and areola exposed by the quarter-cup bra. She reached back and undid the bra so her tits hung loose before she unzipped her tiny black skirt, letting it drop to the floor, followed by her red thong. She stood there buck naked, tits swaying, her belly taut and her clit bursting out from the thick pussy lips.
The priestess was impressed. She walked around her and inspected her tits, weighed them in her hands, then felt her cunt and her arse before holding her clit between her thumb and finger and stroking it until Ma quietly moaned.
"You are indeed a lucky man, Richard. She is most certainly worthy of the Goddess herself. Yes, what you said will work," she said to him. "Drink this then get on the tattoo table face down," she said to Ma.
Ma lay naked on her back on a bench-like leather couch. Xinxin cleaned the top of her foot with alcohol and applied a topical anaesthetic. The drink had made Ma a bit sleepy, relaxed and woozy, but not completely out of it. When she got going with her tattoo gun it was Richard's signal and he stepped in front of Ma, dropped his pants and presented his cock to Ma's face. His hard cock touched her lips, and he began rubbing it across her mouth, smearing her lipstick around her mouth, giving her a used, slutty appearance.
She parted her lips so that Richard could enter her mouth and he guided his cock through her semi-open lips and used his hands to move her head back and forth on his fuck rod, slipping the cockhead into her open mouth. He felt the silky sensation of her warm mouth wrapping around the head of his hard, wet cock, her hands cradling his balls and then sliding up and down his shaft for the second time that day. Going down, down, down, all the way to his swelling balls, and then up again. Ma then held his purple cock head in her mouth for a few moments, savouring it, and swirling her tongue all around it, while hand caressing his stiff cock shaft.
She forced her mouth deeper onto his cock as he fed it across her tongue feeling it grow larger and harder in her mouth. As Xinxin worked on her ankle with the tattoo gun, Richard's cockhead hit the back of her throat trying to squeeze down into her throat. She semi-gagged on his shaft but still tried to continue to deep-throat him. He pulled back into her mouth. Xinxin had noticed what was happening and stopped her needlework, stripped and moved between Ma's widespread legs. She lifted Ma's hips and buried her face into her pussy. " Lady, you are Jiutian Xuannü, The Goddess of sex and I am the Priestess helping you become her in this ceremony."
Ma bucked as Xinxin 's tongue lashed her love tunnel and teased her clit. She started moving her body so the tattooist tongue gave her the most pleasure. She orgasmed and Xinxin Chunlu stood upright her face covered in love juice before she lowered her face and tongued her again. Two of her fingers were arse fucking Ma and as she convulsed, Richard had his cock slide fully down her gullet. Gurgling sounds came from her and her throat muscles tightened more and more around the cock that was face fucking her.
Xinxin tied Ma's legs to stirrups, picked up her needle gun and went back to work on her foot. Richard knew he was going to come soon so he attached the cock ring Xinxin gave him, and resumed his face fuck, hearing his balls slap against her forehead, and feeling his pubic hair press against her lips. His entire cock was buried inside her throat on each stroke and as he slid in and out of her throat wet mushy sounds came from her throat, mixed with her groans as she came and the whine of Xinxin's needle. Long strings of drool hung from her mouth as she continued sucking his cock.
The priestess finished her tattoo work after 2 hours and rearranged Ma on her back and re-strapped her onto the table by her arms and legs so that she couldn't move. She bent down and began sucking on one nipple while her other hand played with Ma's cunt. "Time for my payment that we agreed on.," she said.
As she leant over Ma Richard knelt behind the Priestess and started eating her. She moaned and quickly he was tasting her juices. She prolonged her arousal of Ma's nipple and Richard took the hint, stood, and started on her cunt with his tool fucking her doggy style. Xinxin took the now hard, wet right nipple swabbed it with alcohol and anaesthetic and squeezed it and then quickly applied some surgical pliers to make a hole. She inserted a tiny golden ring and thin dangling chain while Richard continued fucking her, then attended to Ma's other nipple. Finally, she completed the piercing of her other but it wasn't over. She moved to a new position.
Again, while Richard fucked her she ate the strapped-down Ma. "I'm going to dress it up very good for the trainee."
And dress it up she did. She put a ring in each of her long pussy lips, then a small ring through her clitoral hood. Next, she joined the rings with a small gold chain that dangled onto her inner lips as she lay on the table. Ma couldn't see it, but the clit ring was perfectly positioned so that her clit was always forced out of its hood. From that day on her clitoris would be in a constant state of arousal. She just didn't know it yet.
Xinxin gently stroked all around her nipple rings. With the increased sensitivity from the piercings, Ma almost came immediately. Both Xinxin and Richard could see the wetness in her pussy as her juices started flowing. Next Xinxin leant forward and gently blew on her clit. Ma writhed and whimpered. Xinxin followed this by started fingering the strapped-down 42-year-old's soaking slit. Finger after finger followed until her pussy was stretched and full. Then she bent forward and ate her until she had her fist in her and fisted her with her wrist reaching and brushing the exposed and ringed clitoris. Xinxin was using her other hand on her own pussy as Richard, still wearing the cock ring, fucked her from behind. He could feel the priestess's muscle contractions as she came regularly.
She pulled her fist out with a plop but quickly replaced it with her extended fingers curled them, located Ma's G spot and went to town. Ma was having rolling orgasms and if it wasn't for the restraints, she would have fallen off the bench. Finally, Xinxin removed the restraints, but as she did she reached back and quickly removed Richard's cock ring. All the pent-up cum from over three and a half hours shot into the wailing priestess. One spurt after another shot into her cunt.
Richard's spunk was already dripping from her gaping pussy but Xinxin quickly crouched down and scooped the gooey mess out and licked it off her fingers in front of a semi-dazed Ma. Immediately she face sat Ma, and as she rubbed the remainder of her and Richard's cum into her face she shouted, "The ceremony has started. You will reach the ninth level when you can match me. We will have regular lessons as you show promise, though not enough to challenge me."
She dismounted from her face sit and left while Ma slowly recovered and then slowly struggled into her skirt and top. With her quarter-cup bra, the new nipple rings were fully visible under her top and the rubbing of the semi-sheer material made her nipples even more sensitive than they had been before. The tiny skirt barely covered her pussy and displayed her cum caked thighs. Driving away Richard looked down and saw the intricate rings and chains looping through her labia and up to her clitoris. He could see her clitoris poking out through its hood. Her nipples were fully erect, and the outline of her new nipple rings could be seen through her top. She looked like a complete slut.
Richard still didn't know her feelings about what had happened, but Richard took the plunge coming up with a story that he had been working on. "Darling," Richard said and started with the praise about how good it made him feel seeing her Goddess tattoo and the clit and nipple jewellery, how important it was her deep throating him as the Taoist Goddess of love and Sex. And then Richard continued "But the thing that really made me proud and happy was that I had trapped Xinxin Chunlu into being your next sexfight."
To his surprise, she swallowed it. " You thought of me. Yes, I knew you didn't want to fuck her. I want to show her my sex is stronger than hers, even though she is a priestess. Try and arrange it soon."
They drove along the freeway and Richard caught up with a Big Mack semi and he slowed down so they matched pace. At first, the truckie was irritated but then appreciative as Richard took one hand off the steering wheel and pulled Ma's short skirt up revealing her naked pussy. Taking the hint, she spread her legs and Richard displayed her new clit jewellery and still hyper-extended clit. Xinxin had done a job of sucking and fingering it because it was still extra large. Then Richard started finger fucking her, using one, then two, and finally three fingers. She joined in taking off her top so her tits in her quarter cup bra were displayed like meat on a display rack at the butchers.
Have you ever nearly been sidelined by a Mack semi? The driver was so astonished he nearly swerved into Richard's lane and only a violent pull of the steering wheel surged him into the third lane. He drew level and mouthed his apologies before Richard slowed back behind him. The next thing Richard knew was movement beside him as Ma wriggled to remove the tight mini and unhooked her bra. She sat beside him nude. "Catch up with him," she implored.
Richard did and motored in beside him. Ma wound down a window and stuck one leg out, the other she rested on the dashboard near the steering wheel and started to finger herself to orgasm. As the Mack driver watched she displayed her clit jewellery, her nipple jewellery, her engorged clit and her fingerwork. She squirmed as she got closer and closer and when she came, he was in no doubt. Her wide-spread thighs were covered with her white cum.
She didn't stop but rotated 180 degrees so she was on her belly and her head was throbbing up and down on Richard's cock which she had liberated from his trousers. Richard didn't last long and screamed "I'm cumming", so she pulled it out and hosed by spurting cum over her face and tits.
They reached the Orient Express Restaurant where Richard had made the booking. It was Portsmouth's most upmarket, conservative, Chinese restaurant. The head waiter greeted them, looked down his nose, and asked them to wait. Muttered conversations occurred between him and the manager as older, formally dressed Chinese and a sprinkling of Westerners arrived and were ushered to their seats. Dressed as Ma was Richard were, they were persona non-gratis. But despite its reputation, there were few customers and eventually, reluctantly, and to save face they were told there was a last-minute cancellation. Last minute cancellation. It was 30% full and they needed any money even if it came from the slut's money pot who was accompanying her.
The two were signed in and the Chinese head waiter took a double look at the tattoo on Ma's foot. His eyes went to her face, and you could see the connection forming in his head as he matched it with the Taoist tattoo. Although the restaurant took their money, they were still not normal clientele, and the two followed a waiter up the stairs to the less regal common eating area where they would eat. Richard looked back as we walked up the stairs, noting that the head waiter was looking up Ma's skirt as she mounted the stairs on her platform heels. Richard stopped her briefly and she turned around to face him giving the head waiter a full show of her newly jewelled pussy.
Once upstairs they were ushered to a table in the eating area upstairs which overlooked the parking area through a dirty window. Ma behaved as Richard expected by settling herself into her chair and spreading her legs as wide as she could. Richard could sense the pride and sexual body heat she got from the new rings. Her pussy was completely exposed, her lips were wet and stuck to her thighs, and the thin chain joining the rings in her cunt was glinting in the light from a lamp directly beside the table. Richard pitied those who came for a dark romantic dinner. He looked down and could see her clit poking out from its covering hood.
Richard looked up to see a waiter hovering near her, apparently admiring her vaginal jewellery. Ma widened her spread legs and leaned back on the chair so that her pussy was even more exposed. Eventually, the waiter emerged from his trance and handed them menus; took drink orders and, with a last glance at the cunt on display he went back to his station to get the drinks order. Richard leant over and gave her a passionate kiss. As Richard kissed her he gently stroked her swollen clitoris and she was soon ready to cum and was breathing heavily and murmuring into his mouth. Richard dropped a spoon and she stood to pick it up and bent over so that most of the other diners got a full unobstructed view of her naked pussy from behind.
Out of spite, the management had given them the worst table beside the restrooms and soon there was a steady procession of men visiting it, tying their shoelaces, or having trouble opening the door making sure they lingered near Richard and Ma's table. By the time dessert arrived most diners had seen Ma fingering herself and all were sitting so their chairs were facing their table. Word must have gotten around because soon there were guests from downstairs coming by apologising as they passed saying the restroom downstairs was full. By this time Ma's blouse was unbuttoned to her belly button and her tits were on full display from the side whenever she leant forward, which seemed to coincide with the men passing by.
They finished the meal and left to the frosty glares of the women and the following eyes of the males. Richard was sure there would be a few arguments at various homes that night. Outside in the carpark, his hands made the rapid ascent up the outside of her thighs as Richard kissed her. He moved his hands over the top of her thighs until his thumbs grazed her shaved pussy. "Fuck," Richard said, "I'm so fucking hard. I want to bury my cock in your wet pussy. You genuinely are the incarnation of Jiutian Xuannü."
"Yes," she said, pushing back to look at him. "Thanks to you. Now go down on me. Lick me. Right here, right now in the carpark. Make me cum. Richard, I want you."
Richard raised her further up on the hood of the car, slid her tiny skirt up around her waist, and pushed his face between her legs to bite at the inside of the top of her thighs. Giving oral to an excited woman is one of the greatest pleasures in life. To have his partner lying on her back in such a vulnerable position, yet yearning for his next move... Richard couldn't even put into words how that made him feel. And car sex was one of his top fantasies. In the car, on the car... Richard got hard just thinking about it. Even after all that had happened that day to have her offering herself up on the hood of her car was making him crazy before he even started. Yes, in the future he would certainly take her dogging in public places.
Her smell was intoxicating. Richard ate her slit, revelling in the taste and texture as he tongued her, beginning at her outer lips, before slowly making his way to her inner sanctum. She was already moaning, allowing him to hear her arousal as he thrust his tongue into her, and she shifted, directing him to her clit. Richard wouldn't be rushed, though, wanting to slowly build the level of pleasure he was giving her, making her wait long enough to raise her arousal as high as possible before release.
"Oh, God, please!" she begged, and she pressed herself into his face, grinding against him. Richard moved up finally, licking her clit as she squirmed, moaning and panting. "Fuck! Oh, fuck. Don't stop!"
As if Richard would stop before he pushed her over the edge. He sucked on her clitoris and used his teeth as he continued to flick his tongue over her. She was repeating over and over, "Yes! Yes!" as he used the flat of his tongue to lave across her, and she screamed his name into the carpark lights as she bucked against his face.
Richard continued to lick her as she came down from her orgasm, reluctant to stop, but she pushed his head away, too sensitive for him to continue. She sat up as Richard wiped his face along her inner thigh, biting down towards her knee as she pushed him further away.
"I need to fuck you," Richard said to her, trying to push her further down against the hood of the car. "Now. Hard." She slipped to one side and off the hood of the car, much to his disappointment.
"Yes, but like this," she replied as she turned to face the car, flipped the back of her skirt up, spread her legs, and bent down across the hood.
"Fuck. Fuck." Richard was swearing as he fumbled with his belt, "Oh, for fuck's sake!" His zipper caught momentarily, until finally released from its prison, his hard rod pressed against her entrance for just a moment before he shoved hard and pushed his entire length into her in one thrust, holding her hips to pull her against him.
It was her turn to swear, feeling his length fill her, its thickness stretching her well-used pussy. She pressed her hands into the hood of the car, frustrated that there was nothing to grab and hold on to as Richard started moving, drawing back and thrusting his length into her again. And again. He was rock hard and he increased speed, moving one hand to press against her back pressing her to the hood of the car as he continued to pound into her.
"Fuck me! Oh, yes, fuck me!" She was shouting, and she heard him grunting with exertion, coming closer to his climax.
Richard felt his balls contract up towards his body, felt the muscle contractions start that would send him cumming inside her, and he grabbed her hips with both hands again to pull her back into him. The spasms lasted for what seemed like forever in those moments of release. He bucked into her erratically as his ejaculation subsided, slowly coming down from the high. "Oh, fuck," Richard breathed, resting for a moment with his hands on her back, unwilling to pull his cock from her right away. "That was fucking amazing."
She pushed back to get off the car bonnet, and felt his softening cock slip out of her and finally her skirt fell back over her arse. Richard looked up to see the windows of the first floor filled with people and he got Ma's attention who smiled and waved to them.
It was as he packed his car he got the text message on his phone. It was from XinXin and said, "See me soon. I need your cock."