Most of my time with Sarah had been punctuated with situations and events that I would never have thought possible. This one looked like the strangest yet. My wife had negotiated a deal for a live sex show in which she'd be the main attraction, and which would be broadcast to the nation at prime time.
And so 'Sarah Clarke's Secrets' was born. The name did have some relevance, as Sarah had thoughts about getting guests on to reveal their sexual secrets and fantasies. But effectively it was a platform for my wife to expose herself to an ever-wider audience.
I'd watched the first episode live, but we'd recorded it and were watching it back, to try to get the feel for how it would have been watching live the night before. The recording started ten minutes before the start of the show, and we increased the anticipation by sitting through the final minutes of 'Mavis McQueen investigates', one of the more highly rated shows on the network.
Once it finished, the voice-over on the closing credits announced the next show:
"Well, the time is upon us. You've seen her website; you've bought her magazine. Now it's time for Sarah Clarke to make her mainstream TV bow. Not for the faint-hearted, after the break you can expect to see scenes of explicit sex, so please turn off now if you will find this distressing or if it's not for you."
After the break followed another disclaimer:
"The following show has an adult theme and will feature repeated scenes of explicit sexual behaviour. You are legally required to turn off now if you are under eighteen, and we recommend turning off if you are likely to find graphic scenes of sex between consenting adults distressing."
The white message on a black background faded out, and the show began. The live studio audience applauded as the camera cut to a close-up of Sarah's perfect face, make-up impeccably accentuating her beautiful features. She was smiling brightly, and her eyes shone in the powerful studio lights.
"Welcome to Sarah Clarke's Secrets!" she smiled. "If you don't know who I am, my name is Sarah Clarke. I am a happily married woman, who happens to enjoy sex. In particular, I love being watched, and I love cocks, the more the better!"
The camera had started pulling back out from the close-up scene, and as Sarah continued, it became apparent that she was flanked by two naked men, masturbating furiously. Sarah was quite conservatively dressed, in a long skirt and tight black sweater which accentuated her magnificent breasts. She also wore her glasses, the same ones she'd worn when teaching at the local college.
"This show is the first of its type in this country. Each week you'll see me have sex with different men - and women. All the participants will be members of my studio audience," the camera switched to a panning shot as it swept across the forty or so members of the audience, all invited after being chosen to be part of the 'Sarah's Partners' group which she'd set up on her website. Smiles and waves were seen from the men and women who'd been lucky enough to attend this history-making event.
"We'll also be trying different things, I'd really love this to become a platform for those who love to be watched, who dream about being fucked in front of an audience. I know we'll be able to provide the biggest and best audience any pervy lady could ever wish for!
She paused from her introduction to turn her head and take the head of the cock on her right between her lips, looking up sweetly into the owner's eyes. As she did so, the other one started wanking harder, and soon started shooting a substantial load into the side of Sarah's head.
As she felt it hitting her, she turned slightly, giggling sweetly whilst still keeping the head of the first cock firmly in her mouth. This caused it to begin erupting, and she gamely gulped a couple of times, before giving up, smiling as it continued shooting into her mouth, sliding out, down her chin and settling in large patches on her jumper. This joined the other man's load which was sliding down her cheek and onto the shoulder, the white semen contrasting nicely against the black material of her sweater.
"Well," she smiled, the camera again zooming to a close-up of my wife's wanked-on face. "I think I'm correct in saying that those were the first male ejaculations to be broadcast on British TV. Over the next hour I can promise you that they won't be the last. And I can also promise you that there will be plenty more firsts to come tonight. So stay tuned!"
Sarah rose and walked across to a rostrum in front of her audience. They applauded her enthusiastically, and she waited patiently for the appreciation to die down.
"Well, then," she smiled. "Firstly, thank you all for coming. This is new to me - not the sex, or course, but the presenting. But I'll confess I've been really looking forward to it. You all know what a horny little slut I am, so the thought of fucking on national TV has had me soaking wet all week!
"I think things will evolve, as we get used to the format. But my aim for this show is firstly to entertain. Secondly, and selfishly, I want the whole nation to see me doing all the things that I like to get up to from the comfort of your living room. I'd love to think of you all getting home from work, putting the TV on and sitting back and enjoying me getting fucked like the horny little girl that I am.
"But it's not just about me, all of you have stories of your own, so a big part of the show, all being well, will be us getting to know some of you naughty ladies out there. I've been really heartened to see just how many girls are into the same things as me. And plenty of you also find the idea of sharing that with the nation as hot as I do.
"Guys, sorry but it's just too easy to find boys who think like I do -- honestly, I think pretty much all of you do! So, my focus is unashamedly on the girls -- what you like, what you want. Finding your fantasies and fulfilling them.
She stepped down from her podium and headed into the audience. She settled down beside a couple who looked older than most of the guests.
"Hi!" Sarah started. She was still sporting the two loads of sperm on her sweater, and a string had started to form on her left ear -- at first glance it might have been an earring. "I hope you don't mind me saying so, but you are probably amongst the oldest of our guests tonight. Tell us a bit about yourselves." Sarah held the microphone in front of the two guests.
"Hi Sarah," the lady started. She quite good looking and wore a black vest-top which covered small, pert breasts. She looked to have quite an athletic body.
"My name's Siobhan, and this is Robert," she began. Robert smiled and held his hand up, happy to let his wife do his talking. "We're from Carlisle."
"Quite a long journey down to London for you today then?" Sarah said.
"Yes, but it's already worth it, just to see you," Siobhan smiled. "You are more pretty in person than in your pictures."
"Thank you. And you are looking pretty amazing too, Siobhan. Right now we're going to do something which we'll be doing for all of our studio guests," Sarah announced. "As you may know, all the guests here today have submitted an application on my website to join 'Sarah's Partners'. Let's see what you submitted."
Siobhan started laughing and looked at Robert, who had his head in his hands -- although he was obviously laughing too. All heads in the audience lifted as they watched the big screen. Siobhan was totally naked and spread open facing the camera and sitting on a cock - presumably Robert's. She eased herself up and down slowly on it as she addressed the camera:
"Hi Sarah! We are Siobhan and Robert. We love watching you fuck, and we'd love to get involved in any dirty things you might need our help with." The video continued to roll for about ten seconds as Siobhan kept her gaze fixed on the camera and continued to fuck Robert, before it stopped abruptly.
Sarah turned back from the screen and back to her guests.
"Well, you certainly looked to be enjoying yourself, Siobhan. And I presume that was you Robert, underneath her?" Robert nodded self-consciously, still laughing behind his hand. "You've got as lovely cock, Robert," Sarah smiled, putting her hand on his arm."
"Oh, you'd better watch out," Siobhan laughed "Talking to him like that, you might give him ideas."
"Well, I'd probably have the same ideas," Sarah giggled. "But I'm told there's another object of his affections - is that right?"
"It is." Siobhan looked to her husband, who was bright red. "Back when we met, he was obsessed with this page three girl. She was only around for a little while, but he had pictures of her up on his wall in his office, and in his truck."
"And you didn't mind?"
"Oh no -- I'm not the jealous type. I like girls, and he has good taste. This girl was stunning, and what a body she had -- still has. I used to talk to him about what it would be like to share her between us. I'd tell him to think about her whilst I sucked his cock."
"So, this girl is still around?" Sarah said, knowingly. An inset shot backstage appeared showing Annette and her daughter Holly having a drink in the green room.
"She's the reason we started subscribing to your site. We couldn't believe it when we saw her. And it was a dream come true to see that she's a super sexual woman, just like you. We've fucked again and again, fantasising about getting our hands on her."
In the green room, Annette had noticed the inset picture of her and her daughter which was on the preview monitor and was talking to Holly with a look of confusion on her face.
"If you haven't already guessed," Sarah announced, turning to the audience. This page three girl who so captivated Siobhan and Robert all those years ago is none other than our own, beautiful, Annette Bennett! Annette -- please could you join us!"
The inset expanded to fill the screen as Annette put her glass of wine down and stood, pushing the creases out of her minidress. She was wearing long black boots, with just a strip of flesh visible between the tops of the boots and the bottom of the dress.
"We'll take a break there, stay tuned to see what happens when Annette meets this sexy couple who've fantasised about getting their hands on her!"
This had been amazingly sexy to witness live but sitting and watching Sarah's sperm-covered face smiling out to the nation as the show cut to the break was just so, so fantastically arousing. Sarah had been toying with my cock through my shorts as we watched but took me in her mouth for the duration of the break, reverting back to a slow wank as the second part started.
Annette emerged to a loud cheer -- all were very familiar with this amazing lady, with a superb body and a superbly filthy mind. She strode confidently over to Sarah and the guests, kissing Sarah on the cheek before moving to Siobhan and beginning a passionate kiss, tongue probing into her mouth.
"Robert, I think your dreams might be about to come true," Sarah suggested. Annette had her arm around Siobhan. "Annette -- I know you've told me many, many times how much of a turn on it is to know people are watching you. Robert here was wanking over you on page three twenty years ago. How does that make you feel?"
"Oh, thank you so much for letting me know -- Sarah is absolutely right. Even when I was doing page three, all I could think about was guys taking my pictures home and wanking over them. Knowing you two look at me when you're fucking, wow! So hot. I was going to say I don't know how to thank you, but..."
Annette broke away from Siobhan and stood, hands on hips in front of her husband. She leaned forwards, giving him a fantastic view down her loose white top.
"If I know Annette, I think she'd like it if you had a good squeeze of those famous breasts, Robert." Sarah encouraged. To confirm this, Annette held both of his hands up to her chest, and he took the hint, kneading the objects of his fantasies urgently. Annette then broke away and led the two guests down to the front of the room, where a black leather bench, which was Sarah's favourite item of furniture, stood waiting for action.
Soon, Annette was being tongued lovingly by Siobhan, and taking Robert's cock deep down her throat.
"And here we have another first," Sarah announced with a smile. "The first act of cunnilingus broadcast on British TV." The cameras moved around Annette's writhing body, giving the nation an excellent view of Annette's mouth and cunt in action.
Well, I think we'll leave them to it for now," Sarah smiled. As the show continued, the cameras occasionally cut back to the three writhing bodies. But Sarah was moving on to another guest.
"Hi there," she started, as she approached a young man who appeared to be alone."
"Hi," he replied with a smile. "I'm Dan."
"Oh really, that's my husband's name," she grinned.
"I know. Same name, but I'm not as lucky as him!" The young man had a cheeky air, and a likeable face.
"Very flattering Dan. But I believe you are quite lucky, in other areas, aren't you?" The big screen played Dan's application to 'Sarah's Partners'.
"Hi, I'm Dan, and I've got a big cock," he smiled. A ripple of laughter washed over the room. Sure enough, he pulled down his jeans and up bounced a most ridiculously massive penis. He turned side-on, and it jutted out majestically. It must have been a foot long. The laughter had stopped and there were a few gasps of disbelief. It was as impressively thick as it was long. Most unusually, unlike most 'monster' cocks that you see, this one was able maintain a rock-hard erection, pointing to the sky.
"Well," Sarah said, slowly. "As I'm sure you are all aware, I've had more than my fair share of cocks. I've had some that I'd call big, but I've seen nothing like that. I think we need to get a closer look at this, don't you?"
There was a murmur of approval and laughter. Sarah led Dan past where Robert was now fucking Annette, and they both stopped for a moment to watch. Siobhan was squatting over Annette's face and kissing her husband lovingly as her pussy was thoroughly licked by this stunning object of both of their fantasies.
Sarah went over with her microphone, it picked up the most disgusting slurping noises as she approached. The camera zoomed in on Annette, taking a second to focus but then clearly showing her tongue attending to Siobhan's clit, and regularly diving into her shaved hole.
"Hi Annette, you look like you're having a good time, so I won't interrupt. Just in case you didn't know, you are now the first woman to get fucked on British TV. I thought you might appreciate that.
Annette moaned and said something intelligible as Robert thrust in and out of her urgently. The camera moved around and picked up a lovely shot of Robert's cock plunging in and out of Annette, before following Sarah and Dan over to another stage area.
Sarah had put the microphone down, relying on the overhead boom mic to pick up the audio.
"Right then, Dan. How old are you, by the way?" she asked, matter-of-factly as she sank to her knees in front of him and began undoing his belt.
"I'm twenty," Dan said, looking down as this superstar of sex pulled his trousers and briefs down to his knees. His mighty cock was semi-erect, and it was visibly rising as Sarah tried to grasp it with one hand, before giving up and starting to slowly wank him with both hands.
"Jesus, have you seen this?" She was talking to the cameraman, beckoning him in to record her attempts to get to grips with this beast. "I can't even get all the way around with two hands, look!"
She made a few vain attempts to get her mouth around the head of Dan's cock, before giving up and sitting back on her heels.
"I don't like to admit defeat, but this is another level," she said with frustration. "How does your girlfriend deal with this?"
Dan said that he had no girlfriend, and that everyone who he'd got intimate with, had the same problem as Sarah.
"I'd like to try to get it inside me, if that's OK?" she asked politely. Dan nodded quickly.
Sarah sat him back in the leather chair on the stage, and crouched above him, one foot on either arm of the chair, facing the audience. The action of doing this raised her skirt up, revealing her stocking-clad legs and familiar, beautifully smooth cunt (Sarah now had a professional.
"Don't you want some lube?" came a call from the audience.
"I've never needed it before!" Sarah said optimistically, taking the head of Dan's cock and staring to try to work it inside her. I knew that lube wouldn't be necessary, no matter the size -- Sarah was permanently dripping wet whenever sex was a possibility.
However, lube or no lube, the sheer size of this thing was too much. After a few minutes she'd managed to squeeze it just past the head, but it wasn't getting any easier.
"Oh, fucking hell, I think I'm going to have to give up," she said with a hint of disappointment. "Can you come and get some good shots, before I pull it out?"
The cameraman obeyed and moved right in front of Sarah, the lens only a few inches from where this cock was stretching her so wide. As he filmed, she eased off him, holding the pose for a moment of her juicy cunt stretched obscenely wide open, before her elasticity pulled her hole closed.
"And that's something you don't expect to see on this channel at ten thirty on a Tuesday night!" she smiled. An appreciative guffaw spread around the room, as she stood and gathered herself.
"OK. So, I think we have a challenge. Poor Dan here is far too well endowed. Dan, would it be true to say that you struggle to find a girl who can cope with you, physically?"
"Absolutely. Unfortunately, I've never met a girl who can take any more than you managed just now. Thanks for trying though!" His cock still bobbed optimistically in front of him, and Sarah was finding herself talking to the cock, not the face.
"What do you do then, if you don't mind me asking? I mean for pleasure."
"I wank a lot," he said bluntly. The room rippled with laughter again.
"Poor Dan!" Sarah sympathised. "I think I'm going to throw this out to the floor. We've got quite a few ladies in the audience. Could I ask whether we have anyone who thinks they might be able to manage this monster?"
Four or five hands were raised immediately. The camera moved between those waving their arms for attention. Two of them were women with partners. The other two appears to be there on their own.
"It seems there's quite a few who'd like a try. You should pick -- which one would you like to have a go?"
Dan quickly singled out quite a petite looking girl with dyed scarlet hair, who smiled sweetly as she realised she'd been chosen.
"Please, come down and join us!" Sarah invited. She sprung up and skipped down the stairs. Arriving on the stage she stood at the other side of Sarah, but her eyes were fixed on Dan's oversized penis.
"And what's your name, and how old are you, young lady?"
"I'm Anastasia," she replied. She was several inches shorter than Sarah, who herself was several inches shorter than Dan. Sarah said what we were all thinking.
"I'm sorry if this sounds patronising, but that monster cock is almost the same size as one of your legs!" Sarah noted. "Do you really think you'll be able to deal with it?"
"I do! I mean, I'll definitely give it a good go. I think you should have a look at my video, you know, my submission."
"Ok, of course. Did you get that guys, let's have Anastasia's application up on the screen!"
There was a short pause before Anastasia appeared on the screen.
"Hi Sarah!" she announced. "I'm Anastasia. I'm eighteen, and I'd love to get involved in one of your amazing sessions. I love it when you take on loads of cocks, and I'd love to try that myself. I'm particularly interested in trying a really, really big cock -- maybe not as big as this, but I live in hope!"
She brought up into the view of the camera an unfeasibly huge black dildo. Anastasia dropped back onto a chair and hooked a leg up over each arm, revealing a lovely looking smooth pussy. As she worked this fake cock around what looked like a tight little hole, she stretched wider and wider, accepting the plastic toy inside greedily.
There were some gasps from the audience as this tiny little thing forced the dildo in deeper and deeper. I recalled Sarah's 'Monster' dildo which we'd nicknamed 'Dobbin', This thing was twice the size, and Anastasia worked it in still deeper, until eventually the whole thing was stuffed up her juicy little hole. She was clearly loving the feeling of being filled, and gasped and moaned as she began working it in and out with both hands.
"Wow!" Sarah said, breaking the trance we were all in, captivated by this sexy little minx and her obsession with this huge fake cock. "I think I understand now! Dan, how would you feel about letting young Anastasia here see what she can do with your lovely big cock?"
Dan looked at Anastasia, nodding enthusiastically. She skipped around Sarah and grasped the cock with reverence.
"Oh, Dan. This is just magnificent!" Dan's cock had risen and risen during Anastasia's show on the big screen, and was now even more obscenely large and supremely solid, like some sort of primitive phallic carving in solid oak.
"I'm not even going to try to get my lips around it," she smiled. "Much as I'd like to. Do you think you could pick me up and drop me down on it?"
Dan looked puzzled.
"Are you sure?"
Yes please. I'm quite light, and I love being picked up and thrown around."
Dan wasn't about to turn this request down. Anastasia was wearing an obscenely short mini-skirt, and it seemed she'd come prepared, with no underwear. Dan picked Anastasia up like a little doll, one hand on each hip. She grasped his shoulders as he nudged the head of his cock in-between the smooth lips of her cunt, finding moisture and starting small thrusts with his hips, in time with dropping Anastasia a gradually lower.
Sarah was captivated and had dropped to her knees to get a good view of Anastasia taking this cock, alongside her cameraman who was capturing the whole thing for the TV audience.
Soon a squelching noise was to be heard, and Dan was confident enough to allow Anastasia to control the depth of the strokes, using her hands on Dan's shoulders to control it. Dan entered deeper and deeper with each thrust, now he was over halfway inside, and still Anastasia pushed.
She's started to moan quite loudly as Dan was now really fucking her, pushing perhaps slightly further than Anastasia expected with each thrust now. Three-quarters and more, and then, finally, Dan was balls-deep inside this little slut. Sarah couldn't resist and took her microphone over to the pair.
"So, Dan, how does it feel to have your cock right up inside a juicy little cunt for the first time?"
Dan shook his head for a minute, blankly, before finding his voice.
"This girl is gold." He said, simply. "Solid gold."
Anastasia liked this description, and began kissing Dan deeply, as he continued to fuck her, pulling over halfway out each time before hammering back into her. Now that she was suitably stretched out, Dan spun her around so that she was facing the audience. Supporting her weight with one hand under each thigh, she continued to bounce her up and down, reaching around behind Dan to steady herself.
The view was gloriously obscene. Anastasia was completely spread open, her tiny but remarkably elastic cunt gripping Dan's huge cock, and sliding up and down, well lubricated as it was. Sarah stood silently, just admiring this beautifully filthy scene. Spontaneously, a ripple of applause and whistles spread as the audience also showed their appreciation. Sarah suddenly remembered she was the host of a TV show.
"You seem to be enjoying yourself, Anastasia?" She held up the microphone. Anastasia was moaning, her chest and neck flushed
"Oh FUCK YEEES!" Anastasia screamed. "Where has this fucking cock been all my life? I just want this to last forever!"
"It sounds like you've found a good fit for that lovely big cock of yours, Dan?" Sarah suggested, putting the mic to Dan's mouth as he continued to drill deeply up inside Anastasia.
"Fucking hell, this is so... I never... never..."
This was about all Dan could contribute right now, so Sarah left them to it, and moved back to where Robert, Siobhan and Annette were fucking.
"Oh, it looks like I missed the climax!" Sarah said with disappointment. Annette had a full face full of Robert's sperm, and Siobhan was lovingly lapping it up, as Robert stood, looking somewhat shellshocked at the whole thing, his cock gradually drooping.
"I'll have to look forward to watching that back later -- you got it on camera right?" The cameraman nodded comically, camera moving up and down a couple of times in affirmation.
"Oh yes, that was nice." Annette purred. "As a starter. But I need more than that. Please, I need some more!"
"Well, there's an invitation," Sarah turned to the audience. "We need to take another break. When we come back, we'll continue!"
"This is what I call a TV show!" I enthused to Sarah, who'd resumed sucking my cock as the adverts started. "I can't believe this got broadcast to every home in the country!"
The final part of the show was a little less structured than the first had been. It began with Dan demonstrating the size of his balls was comparable to the size of his cock, as he launched an unprecedented amount of sperm over the willing Anastasia. She giggled and tried to catch it in her mouth as he shot stream after stream over her whole body. It took about twenty seconds before it even started to slow down, and Anastasia looked like she'd been with ten men after he'd finished.
Meanwhile Annette, true to her word, had managed to round up some willing audience members who were now fucking her and Siobhan front and back - they had six cocks between them. Sarah was not going to let her first show finish without getting fucked. She was standing beside the sperm-soaked Anastasia, who was holding Dan's hand.
"Now that's what I call a cumshot!" Sarah said admiringly. She took her index finger and ran it between Anastasia's breasts, before raising it to her lips and tasting Dan's cum.
"Mmmm," she said. "How come everyone else is having all the fun on my first show? I think we need to change that." Before long, a young couple who had eagerly raised their hands when Sarah had asked for volunteers to join her, and two single men who'd done the same, were up on stage with my wife in front of the cameras. Niceties were discarded as Sarah clearly just wanted to fuck, so we never even found out their names.
All of them stripped off and were fucking in no time. The male part of the couple was a victim to Sarah's incredible oral ability, although the fact he was watching his partner lick Sarah's clit as one cock pumped into Sarah's cunt and the other fucked his girlfriend might have also contributed to his quick ejaculation. Sarah was delighted to receive his thick load in her face though, sucking any residue she could salvage before thanking him for his contribution.
Both girls had at least one orgasm before Sarah pulled rank and took both remaining cocks, getting them to squeeze alongside each other as they both penetrated her vaginally. Sarah invited her female guest to come around so that she could taste her as she fucked. The camera zoomed in for a close-up and she raised her head and smiled to the watching nation.
"I hope you're all enjoying this at home," she smiled cheekily, a string of juice from this random lady's vagina connecting with her bottom lip. She swayed back and forwards as the two eager cocks continued to push deep up inside her. "I love to think of you wanking over me, or fucking whilst you watch my show. Please don't' be shy, you can email on the address you'll see on screen at the end -- let me know what you think, what you like, and what you'd like to see!"
Her face turned a bit more serious, I know she'd have been loving this bizarre situation of being fucked so publicly at the same time as talking to a huge number of viewers, watching all of this in their living rooms at home.
"Ohh, yes. If you... If..." she stopped talking for a minute, just savouring the feeling of the two cocks stretching her so much. I recognised the signs of her reaching another orgasm and she was starting to talk nice and dirty.
"If you didn't already know. I... I'm a slut. I love fucking. I love a cock in my cunt, in my mouth, up my tight little arsehole. I've fucked so many..." Another pause as she felt her orgasm approaching.
"I've fucked so many cocks. I love getting fucked in front of my husband. I'm such a dirty little fucking whore. I love him watching me spreading my legs and just taking cock after cock after..." She continued talking, but it became unintelligible as she convulsed into climax, burying her face into the wet cunt which was still spread out in front of her.
With perfect timing (I later discovered Sarah was wearing an earpiece so the director was keeping her updated), Sarah then brough both cocks around to her face and set to work. When she put her mind to it, she could milk a cock dry at will, so her mouth was filled with two milky loads as the credits started to roll. She smiled and swallowed some, letting the rest spill out over her chin and drip down onto her naked chest.
"Remember," she addressed the camera, "that you can watch all of this again on my website whenever you want to. The address should be up on screen now. I'd love to see you all! And you can also see what Annette and Siobhan got up to over there." In the background bodies were still writhing as Annette and her new friend continued to fuck, oblivious to the camera and the fact that the show was now finishing.
I'd held off throughout, but this amazing ending to Sarah's first show was not something I could physically cope with, and I'd wanked myself off over Sarah's tits as we'd watched the final part.
"I thought that went pretty well," Sarah commented thoughtfully, as she sucked my semen from her fingertip.
And so did the nation. Given the reception of the relaunch of Sarah's hardcore magazine 'Aphrodite', the ratings for the first episode of 'Sarah Clarke's Secrets' should, perhaps, not have surprised. However, we were both quite overwhelmed when we found that over seven and a half million people had watched the show live. These ratings compared favourably with the nation's most popular soap opera, getting over a million views more.
This, more than anything else, seemed to cement the incontrovertible fact that the British public liked to watch sex -- almost, it appeared, more than anything else. For a time, it was hard to find a negative comment about Sarah in the press. We both knew it wouldn't last forever, but we both loved the idea that the whole nation was wanking over my wife.
The show led to more visitors to the website, where the material which hadn't made it into the show was made available. Annette and Siobhan's performance proved popular, with Annette encouraging Siobhan to fuck several men in front of her husband Robert. Robert, having just filled Annette's face with a load of cum he'd waited twenty years to deliver, wasn't complaining, sitting back and watching as his wife was penetrated repeatedly by all of the six men Annette had invited to join them.
The comments sections which accompanied each video and picture were also a hive of activity. I introduced the concept of participant, so that those who had been on the show got a 'special' login which identified them as such. This meant you could see who was commenting on their own videos. It was fun to read Siobhan's reaction to her performance, and also the many, many comments complimenting her on her appearance on the show.
It was in the comments that we discovered that Siobhan had been totally faithful to Robert since they had met, and throughout their eighteen-year marriage.
"Now that's pretty hot," I commented to Sarah. "Siobhan has never been with another man, then she just blows that apart so spectacularly, fucking six men live on TV!"
"Yeah, that's amazing, isn't it?" Sarah agreed. "That sort of story, I think that's the sort of thing everyone enjoys. The girl living out her fantasy, her partner - if you are anything to go by, and all the millions of viewers."
The next week Sarah was, even more than usual, constantly on heat. Aside from a little time planning the next show, she was constantly either planning to get fucked, or in the act. I got used to her waking me up with either her lovely wet cunt in my face, or her lips wrapped around my cock, and she started each day with a fuck from me. But, as usual, that was nowhere near enough for her.
On Sunday, after we'd watched the show back in the morning, we'd immediately set off on a one-hundred-mile drive to a fan who was having a birthday that day. Via the website, Sarah had arranged to meet him and his friends to give him a birthday 'surprise'. This was something Sarah had done occasionally since the website started -- usually there would be some session or other, generally once a week or so.
This week though, she really upped the ante. After filming Sarah being fucked by seven cocks at this nineteenth birthday party (Sarah still very clearly preferred fucking younger men), we'd returned home. On the motorway, we'd stopped, and Sarah had bought the latest copy of Aphrodite. She'd struck up a conversation with the girl on the till, discussing whether they sold many copies, and whether she'd had a look inside, and what she thought.
The girl hadn't initially realised who she was, but Sarah was pleased to learn that she sold several copies daily and did enjoy having a sneaky look herself. Sarah revealed that she was on the way back from having sex with seven young men, and that she should expect to see the footage on the website soon. The girl seemed happy to be told of this news and got Sarah to sign a copy of the magazine for her, which she was delighted to do. Sarah made a point of opening it up and signing the centrefold, featuring a particularly filthy scene of herself with two cocks squeezed into a cunt which was very well lubricated with several loads of semen, whilst two guys masturbated further loads into her mouth.
It was the end of the week before any footage would be uploaded. That was because we were constantly on the go, Sarah leaving masses of her fans spent as she went through them like a sexual tornado.
Wednesday had seen her make three separate visits, a morning 'happy anniversary' visit to a couple where the female had developed a severe crush on Sarah (and the male was not disappointed to see her either). By mid-afternoon she was sucking on two cocks in an upstairs flat, as a third celebrated his retirement by fucking my wife's arsehole with relish.
The evening was rounded off with a stag night, and Sarah taking on the role of entertainment. It was not as raucous as some of these events can be, but everyone there sampled Sarah, sexually, in one form or another, and each left her with at least one load of cum for her troubles.
The following day had seen a flight to Jersey for another birthday, and, intriguingly I thought, a hen night later on that day in Chester, after the whistle-stop visit to the Channel Islands. It seemed that the more sex Sarah had, the more she wanted.
Sarah was insatiable. She'd even spent the morning of her second TV appearance with two separate, unscheduled, conquests -- firstly sucking off the young man who had taken her bag up to her room, and then fucking the hotel manager who had 'popped in to check everything was OK' (no doubt after hearing the famous Sarah Clarke was a guest, and perhaps that she'd already given one free blowjob since she arrived).
I chose to watch the next episode of 'Sarah Clarke's Secrets' from the green room. It was different, watching my wife on the screen, I imagined the reactions of the public as they watched the scenes I was watching with my own eyes.
"Welcome back to my show!" she began, to a round of applause and whistles from an enthusiastic audience. "I've had such a busy week. If you've been on my website today, you'll have seen eight new videos. I've been such a little slut this week. Dan thinks it's because I'm super turned on thinking about all of you watching all the filthy stuff I like to do.
"I think he's right. I always love it, seeing all the comments on a new video, or seeing a new issue of Aphrodite with me up on the cover. But I think the biggest rush is just the sheer numbers of people watching now! After they take into account on-demand views this week, I'm told that over ten million people have watched last week's show. Every time I think of that, I just get soaking wet and need some attention.
"I did have an amazing time with Barbara and her friends at her hen night on Thursday. It was really nice and we had some lovely, sensual, sex - lots of massaging and lots of lovely, smooth, lady skin to go around. Of course, the stripper did have a nice cock, so we didn't let that go to waste. I'm sure, the groom won't mind. He and his friends took care of me quite nicely the night before.
"So, yes, just to summarise, since the last show I've fucked loads of new cocks, and lots of girls too. I know, I know, what a slut I am. But I'm sure you wouldn't have me any other way."
The audience confirmed this with a warm round of applause, complimenting my wife on her promiscuous behaviour.
This week's show was a bit slower paced than the last as Sarah settled down into a theme which would continue for the remaining episodes. She'd recap on the last week, find an interesting story to pursue -- a fantasy to fulfil, something which might capture the imagination, meet some of the audience, and recap on the people we met the previous week. And, of course, engage in some sexual acts of her own, to round off the show.
"Firstly, just to catch up from last week," Sarah began. "Both of the girls we met, Anastasia and Siobhan, are both very interested in doing some more modelling work. So you can look forward to seeing both of them either on my website or in Aphrodite -- probably both.
"If you missed last week's show, I'd highly recommend watching it on my website or on-demand. We met Anastasia, who is a tiny thing with the most amazingly stretchy pussy. She took on Dan and his massive cock superbly after I gave up trying because he was so big.
"And Siobhan and her husband had a lovely session with our friend Annette, before Annette invited half of the audience to join them.
"I was lucky enough that there were a few lovely young men left over for me. I hope you all enjoyed watching it as much as I enjoyed filming it. Judging by the comments on the website I think you have.
"This week we're going to meet another lady who wants to share some of her desires with us. Rachel? Do we have a Rachel here tonight?"
A few hands were raised, but Sarah knew which one to head over to. Rachel, however, had not known she was going to be selected.
"Oh... oh my god!" she stammered for a moment, before gathering herself. She was, I thought, a superb looking woman. I'd guess she was in her late twenties, black hair shaped into a bob, and ruby-red lips. She had a bit of a gothic look to her and was wearing a tight leather corset which was squeezing her cleavage to a stage which was just teetering out of 'classy' and almost falling into 'whore'. Dark makeup drew attention away from the cleavage to her eyes, for a time anyway. She looked to be wearing a scarlet red miniskirt.
Rachel looked to be hyperventilating, and Sarah gave her a few seconds to gather herself.
"So, Rachel, thanks for coming on the show tonight. Are you OK?"
"Oh god!... I mean, Oh yes, I'm amazing! I just never thought... I mean, it's quite overwhelming. I've been fantasising all the time since I got the invite, but I never thought I'd be picked. Are we... will we do my fantasy?"
"That's the plan, Rachel," Sarah laughed. "And for everyone in the studio, and all of you millions watching at home, here's Rachel telling us all about what she'd like to do tonight."
In the studio all eyes raised to the big screens. On the monitor where I watched, it cut to the lesser quality video submission which Rachel had sent in.
She was sitting on a stool, wearing what looked to be the same corset she was wearing now, but with black shorts and thigh-high boots.
"Hi Sarah!" she waved, much more confidently. "I'm Rachel, and I'm from Northumberland. I love what you do, and I think it's been an incredible couple of years since you appeared. Firstly, I'd like to thank you. Pervs like me are so grateful to you for bringing all of this out in the open.
"I've watched every second of every video you've done and bought all your magazines. It's all so perfectly dirty, you can't imagine how much I love watching you."
Rachel's hand had slipped down into her shorts as she spoke. She had her eyes fixed on the camera and held such a seductive look, it was hard to break away, even across the screen.
"Out of everything you've done, the one thing I go back to every time is the shot on the beach, where you are just spread open with all of those men's eyes glued to you, all of them entranced by just how gorgeous and sexy you are!" As she finished the sentence her hand had begun pushing and rubbing inside her shorts as she started to pleasure herself. She continued playing with herself inside her shorts as she spoke.
"I love that scene so much. I love everything you do, especially the really, really filthy stuff. But there's just something about that picture. I imagine the scene, what was going through your mind with all of their eyes on you, and what they were thinking might happen next. And also what your husband was thinking, as he took the pictures. It's all just so deliciously dirty."
Again, Rachel paused, the motion of hand in shorts getting more regular and urgent. Her eyes closed and she sighed loudly, following that with regular, louder moans as she brought herself to orgasm on camera.
Withdrawing her hand, she gathered herself then stood and smoothed herself down before sitting back on the stool.
"Sorry about that, it just makes me so hot. So, as you might have guessed, I'd love to be exposed like that -- spread right open in front of a lot of people, the more the merrier. I'd everyone to file past me, and I'd want to hear them talking about what I look like, what they'd like to do to me. I really hope we'll be meeting in real life soon, Sarah!"
The camera cut back to the studio. Rachel's face was flushed red, but she held the camera for a few seconds, smiling a little shyly before putting her hand to her face for a moment.
"Well, Rachel," Sarah said, raising an eyebrow. "That was a beautiful introduction. I think I know the picture you are talking about." On the screen appeared a picture I was very familiar with, having taken it on the beach in Spain on one of the many days Sarah exposed herself -- usually leading to some pretty dirty sex.
It was, I complimented myself, an excellent picture. Unlike the huge majority of Sarah's work, there was very little nudity. Her nipples could be seen, but the angle of the shot, taken from behind where she lay on her back on the lounger, meant that the real action was not in view. However, her knees were up and spread wide apart, and it was abundantly clear that both hands were down between her legs, stretching her little hole apart for the eyes and cameras of her many onlookers.
The audience agreed that it was a fantastic shot, and applause rang out for a few seconds.
"Was that the picture you liked?" Sarah quizzed genially. Rachel nodded immediately. "So, you are saying you'd like to do something like that?"
"More than anything." Rachel was still bright red, but I got the feeling this was a symptom less of embarrassment, and more of arousal, judging by the way her chest was heaving up and down. "I'm sorry, I'm really, I mean... I'm practically cumming right now, just thinking about it!"
"No need to apologise, Rachel," Sarah assured her. "I don't think there's anyone present who would have the slightest complaint if you did. Is there?" The camera panned around to show many, many heads shaking.
"Oh christ," Rachel had conceded, and slipped her hand down her skirt, working away just as she had on her video submission. Within seconds she was gasping again. Sarah smiled into the camera as her guest recovered from her orgasm.
"I think we've got a real livewire here!"
"I'm sorry, I orgasm really, really easily. Sometimes I don't even need to be touched!" Rachel explained.
"Again, please stop apologising, I'm sure everyone watching is very happy to see it," Sarah smiled. These words seemed to set Rachel off again, but she kept her hands off herself, although she continued to gyrate almost undetectably in her seat.
"And who is this you've brought along tonight, your husband?" Sarah asked, sounding more and more like a professional host with every show.
"Oh what? No! Ha-ha! Sorry, no this is Liam, he's just a friend." Liam was looking pretty dumbfounded, eyes were wide and his jaw hung open slightly.
"Liam, what made you agree to come along tonight?" Sarah probed.
"Hi Sarah. I'm... I'm a massive fan. That's why I'm here. But I had no idea," he turned to Rachel.
"Sorry. I never thought I'd be picked. And I didn't want to come alone. So, when I heard you saying you were a fan over lunch, I..."
"Over lunch?" Sarah interrupted. "Where do you know each other from?"
"I work with Liam," Rachel explained.
"How long have you known each other?" Sarah was enjoying this, she loved the dynamic when people were taken by surprise, or when she found out someone's dirty little secret. This was proving to be a very interesting one for her. She'd addressed the question to Liam.
"I've only worked there a couple of months!" he said, looking like he didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
"It must have been nice for you, getting an invite to come along. Didn't you know only those who have made a submission on my website are invited?" asked Sarah.
"I didn't! I thought it was pretty, you know... You're an attractive lady, Rachel. And I've really been looking forward to seeing you in the flesh, Sarah. But the invitation was purely platonic, wasn't it?"
"Oh, of course!" Rachel looked slightly indignant, but still continued to smile.
"Well, Rachel. We've certainly got a crowd for you, in the studio. But on top of that, we've got many, many millions of people watching at home. And your colleague from the office here, along with, no doubt, the rest of your colleagues watching at home. Are you sure you want to go ahead, and expose yourself to everyone?"
Sarah took a deep breath, then another, looking around at all the eyes on her, before letting a long sigh go, followed by a very deliberate nod.
"I absolutely do," she said, simply.
"And are you just looking to be exposed? Or would you like to be fucked?" Sarah loved to pose the questions everyone wanted the answer to.
"Oh, I'll be disappointed if I leave without being fucked," Rachel giggled. "You are my role model, Sarah, don't forget! I want everyone to feel free to have their way with me!"
The show cut for a break. Watching in the green room, I was totally alone, so grabbed another complimentary beer before settling back down for part two. I loved this new string to Sarah's sexual bow. Finding out that the country appeared to be teeming with sex-obsessed people just like me and Sarah was illuminating and gratifying. I looked forward to seeing what was next as I settled down for part two.
As the applause died down, the camera cut to my wife, holding her microphone, reporter-style.
"Welcome back everyone," she beamed to the world. "Let's see Rachel in all her glory!" As the camera zoomed out, there she was. Totally naked, she was strapped into a sex swing, which was specifically designed to spread her open for easy access. The position she was currently in was, I thought, exactly what she wanted. Each leg was pulled back and up as far as it could go, her knees alongside her ears. Her feet hung out helpless on each side. Her position was as upright as it could be, so her breasts and face were also completely visible.
The position of her legs and the angle she was swinging from meant her cunt was the furthest forward part of her body, sticking out invitingly, smoothly shaven lips with a well-managed but thick bush taking pride of place.
Rachel looked at the cameras, then Sarah, and looked like she was trying to clamp her legs together. This was not out of modesty, but out of arousal.
"Well, Rachel, you are naked and exposed to the world. How does it feel?"
Rachel couldn't find words, she just looked into Sarah's eyes, then into each camera, then at the audience - who sat enthralled - and simply moaned.
Sarah invited the audience to come and take a closer look, and the seats were deserted as an orderly queue was formed to take a closer look at this eager, slutty woman, who craved their eyes upon her. Sarah encouraged them to speak openly about what they saw, and everyone complied. Rachel convulsed with every comment, suggestion or dirty statement, and when Sarah indicated that people shouldn't be scared to have a good feel of Rachel's flesh as they saw fit.
As soon as the first finger touched her body, Rachel's orgasms began. She hadn't exaggerated, she was brought to orgasm with almost every touch, it seemed. It was hard to say if it was one long orgasm, or many shorter ones, but it seemed that each person who took their turn to lay their hands on Rachel's body were rewarded with a moaning, gasping response.
Those who had taken the opportunity to slip fingers inside her and agitate her g-spot, were greeted with a gushing reward, as Rachel was a squirter. I noticed Liam taking his chance to finger his colleague, her eyes fixed on his as she released a torrent of liquid which soaked his beige trousers.
Once Rachel had been observed, groped and had delighted in being told what everyone wanted to do to her, Sarah invited those who wanted to, to take things further. It was noticeable that Rachel had attracted female attention as well as male, with three couples and one single girl, as well as a lone single male, eager to get closer. Soon Rachel was being fucked, as that man's girlfriend or wife took advantage of her tongue.
Rachel was equally happy with a cock or a cunt in her face, and everyone set to work enjoying her beautiful body, as the show again went for another break.
When the show returned, the camera resumed coverage of the audience continuing to take turns fucking Rachel. As she'd done the previous week, Sarah spent the final part of the show inviting any other members of the audience to join her.
Unlike the previous week, where she'd selected a few lucky audience members to come down and sample her body, this week, in keeping with her behaviour all week, she wasn't going to set any limits. The show continued for another fifteen minutes without any real direction -- the camera cut between Rachel being fucked, tongued, taking strangers cocks and pussies in her mouth, and in her face, and my wife doing the same.
Sarah must have still had contact with her earpiece, as when the credits began to roll, she managed to raise her head about the mass of cock which was surrounding her, and wish the country a good evening, her sperm-smeared face immediately neglecting her role of presenter and accepting the nearest cock down her throat.
Although the show was over, the cameras continued to roll, and all of the material recorded would later be made available on the website. Sarah and Rachel continued to fuck for more than an hour, until the girls had the chance to make sure they'd sampled every member of the audience. For my part, I delighted in the opportunity to meet Rachel, who looked even more sexy in the flesh than she'd looked on the screen, especially as she had a liberal coating of strangers' semen all over her body, and especially in her lovely black hair.
I'd introduced myself as Sarah's husband a good few minutes after first penetrating her, as she had been pre-occupied with a lady who was grinding her cunt onto Rachel's face, slippery as it was with sperm. I really enjoyed fucking her in the swing, letting gravity bang her into my crotch with little effort on either of our parts. Once the woman had finished with her, it was nice watching her take cock after cock in her mouth as I fucked her, and she was very adept and willing at taking cum in her face, or in her mouth.
Liam had approached tentatively, this woman he'd accompanied her today having been exposed in a way he couldn't have imagined during their journey here. I continued to fuck Rachel in the swing as she spotted him, a large batch of sperm sliding off her face as she raised it in greeting.
"Hi Liam! Sorry, are you wanting to leave?" she asked, a little apologetically.
"Oh no, it's fine," he said. "How's it going? You look like you're enjoying yourself?"
"Oh, I am Liam. Sooo fucking much," she confirmed with a smile. I fucked her as Liam watched on, her lovely black hair matted with cum. His eves were glued to her, but he didn't approach.
"Rachel, I think Liam might like to put his cock in your mouth, but he's a bit shy to ask," I suggested.
"Oh, sorry Liam! Is that right?" Rachel said, concerned that she'd been neglecting her friend.
"Well, I guess so -- if you don't mind?"
"No, please go ahead! You got a good feel of my cunt earlier, right? I'm such a slut today, I guess this is all a bit of a surprise, is it?"
Liam didn't respond verbally, instead he simply presented his hard cock to his friend. I watched Rachel accept Liam's cock into her mouth and then her throat. He came almost immediately, pulling out and painting Rachel's face with a fresh load. As he stood back to watch her continue to fuck, I wondered what the journey home would be like -- and after that the dynamic in the office on Monday morning, where Rachel would be exposed to all her colleagues as a superbly slutty and cock-hungry woman.
I'd been the very last to the party and I was still fucking Rachel as my sperm-soaked wife spotted me and came over to assist. She took great pleasure in standing astride Rachel's face, enjoying the feeling as she slurped away at her extremely well-fucked, wet cunt. Rachel groaned as many more loads of second-hand cum oozed out of my wife into her mouth. This seemed to set her off again, and I felt her cunt squeezing me, yet another orgasm washing over her.
This was enough to set me away and I shuddered with pleasure as I pumped a big load inside this beautiful, horny woman. Sarah was down like a flash to taste Rachel on my cock as I withdrew, before replacing my cock with her tongue, delving deep as she tried to suck my cum, thoroughly mixed in with many other loads, from this well-fucked hole.
There was no stipulation that the audience had to leave at any given time, and whilst many had, presumably due to travel arrangements, a good few were still here enjoying the unexpectedly extended show. Rachel clearly hadn't had enough and began encouraging those still present to come up and sample her semen-soaked body, still totally secured in the swing and exposed to all.
Sarah had similar ideas and managed to persuade a few of the cameramen to join them, and even the director, who had come down to the studio floor, was invited to get involved.
I sat back to watch. Both girls continued to take cock after cock for some time. At one point Rachel announced that she'd need to be freed from her swing as she needed the toilet but Sarah told her that this was not an option, she'd just have to let it go here, right in front of everyone.
I looked over at Liam, who had joined me in the audience after both of us had given his friend a load of sperm to add to the many others she'd enjoyed this evening. His jaw dropped as his colleague let fly a huge stream of piss which arced out upwards before splashing onto the studio floor. Sarah, giggling, grabbed her in the swing and began turning her this way and that, trying to soak any onlookers with Rachel's piss.
As soon as the stream had slowed to a dribble and then ceased completely, another cock arrived, and Rachel continued to fuck. Sarah managed to find a couple more cocks and set about fucking and sucking as if it was her first of the evening.
Sitting back and taking in the scene of my wife at the centre of yet another free-for-all, I realised that this was how my life was going to be, for the foreseeable future. I thought back to how things had been before Sarah, and I smiled. My descent with Sarah was complete. And I was happy.