So I'm naked, wearing a leather collar I got from Mrs. Pee, our neighbor, walking with Jill, my Mom, back to our house to get whatever we will need for our weekend nudist sleep over at Saul and Miriam's place next door.
"Can you unzip me?" My mom asks.
"Sure mom."
I unzip her dress and she then shimmies it off her and steps out of it. Then undoes her bra showing off those plush large handfuls of juice breasts, and pushes her panties off her hips, to stand with her back to me completely naked. Damn she is hot, tall and stately, with long legs. I recall the term 'milf' from the internet. I think she qualifies with her hourglass figure of shapely legs, good size hips and soft solid butt. She bends over to pick up her clothes and I get to see her bare pussy.
"We won't need any suntan lotion, Saul and Miriam have plenty of that. We could bring some beach towels. What else?" Mom thinks and then gives me a list of things to go get. When I get back to mom and we put it all into some bags to bring over she put on a pair of platform mule shoes. We lock up the door and walk back next door.
Jonathan takes me to his bedroom while Miriam leads Jill, my mom to put things away. Jonathan and I get on his twin bed, pour massage oil onto our cocks and spend time edging each other.
We hear the car pull up and Miriam calls out to us to come help put away groceries. I'm surprised to see Dad get out of the passenger seat of the car, completely naked and he clearly obeying Saul. Dad has balls like mine, though his penis is a bit shorter and twice as thick as mine. I gather that Saul and Miriam are the Alpha bosses. When we are done, Saul who by now is also naked, calls us all to gather around in the living room. Saul is tanned and toned, obviously makes good use of his swimming pool to stay in shape. He is about six feet, hairless from his baldhead to his toes. He has large balls and a nice solid five-inch cut cock hanging down, nice and soft. He has a good solid butt as well. I can see where Jonathan gets his body. Miriam has long auburn hair, very large womanly breasts, wide hips, a big bubble butt, and she is shaved smooth between her legs. She is about five foot, but makes up in height by wearing amazingly high platform high heels. She has long red nails and red wide lips.
"Okay," Miriam says as she shuffles a deck of cards. I realize that they have nude pictures on them. The spades and clubs are naked males, and the hearts and diamonds are naked ladies. "We are all equal here, though like Animal Farm, some are more equal than others. There are no parents or children for the rest of the weekend. Only adults of varying ages. I'm Miriam, that is Saul - we are the two in charge and don't forget it. Then there is Jonathan, David, Jack, and Jill." He says introducing us as their guests, to make his point.
We all act like we just met and greet each other.
"Now, one of you four will be the designated slut for this weekend. You'll play a game of cards to determine the ultimate loser and who is the weekend slut. The weekend slut is our urinal. Anyone who needs to take a leak can call the slut over and piss on him or her. The slut can also be called to perform oral service for whoever wants it, lapping up cunts, giving blow jobs, swallowing cum and girl juices, as well as rim any ass that someone feels like they need it. Understood?"
We all gulp and say yes.
"Good. Now I'll deal out five cards. Winning hands are pairs, three of kinds, or a run of same suits. If you have any of those hands, in the early rounds you are a winner. Once we get down to only two players, then that hand is determined by whoever has the high card, ace, king, queen, jack, ten and so forth down in value. The one with the high card is a winner, the one with the lower value card becomes the designated slut. Everyone understand?"
We all say yes.
"Good, I'll start dealing out the first round of hands." Miriam says.
In the first round Mom, I mean Jill, has a pair and the rest of us have nothing. The next round, Jack has a run. So it comes down to Jonathan and me. I'm nervous and excited at the same time. I fiddle with my penis as I am dealt my cards. I turned them over and so does Jonathan. My highest card is a six of hearts but Jonathan has a Jack of clubs.
"Oh shit." I say as I realize that I lost and I am the designated slut for the weekend.
"Well, I'm so glad that's done with," Miriam says. "Come on slut, follow me out to the deck. I got to pee really badly!"
Oh shit. I obediently follow her wavy brown hair that hangs down her back and her wide round ass out the door.
"Now, quickly, lay down on the deck." Miriam commands. "Put your legs together."
I do as she straddles me standing over my thighs. She has a puffy pussy lips and a nub of clit that is visible.
"Good...now...uhhhhh" she grunts a bit and then out pours a hot stream of golden piss onto my penis and balls. She walks slowly up my body with her stream of piss arching outwards splashing onto my belly, then my chest, then my face as she walks forward, then she steps backward bringing her fountain of golden warm urine with her. She settles in so that it sprays across my chest as she finishes urinating on me. All the time sighing with delight as her bladder empties on me.
"Ahhhhhh...that's better. Whew. If that took any longer I don't what I would have done."
"Now, David roll over onto your chest," I hear Saul's commanding voice. "Put your legs and arms together and stay there. Now, Jack and Jill go over to David. Jill sit on his ass and Jack kneel as his head. Then urinate on him. Stay there till you do."
I can hear them approaching me, feel Jill, my mother, straddle my bare butt and settle her bare pussy on my butt and begin to rock her hips which makes her pussy slide up and down my butt crack. I feel my dad's, Jack's, flaccid penis rubbing against my hair. The two of them are grunt and moaning trying to induce a piss. Their pressing down on me more vigorously and I can hear the sounds of the urge to take a leak beginning.
"Oh and Jill," Saul commands. "After you urinate on David stay on top of his ass and bring yourself to an orgasm."
"Oh God...oh God..." Jill whimpers. "uhhhhhhhhhh...ahhhhhhhh." she moans as I feel a hot stream of urine shoot into my butt crack. She continues to rock and rub her pissing pussy up and down my bare butt as she pissing into my butt crack.
Then I hear Jack grunt and feels his hot fluids stream out to start soaking my hair. His piss streams down around my face and rivulets of urine travel across my nostrils filling me with the strong acrid smell of his urine and rivulets flow into my mouth and I have to taste it as well.
They both groan with that primal pleasure of release as they continue to urinate on me. Her soaking wet pissing pussy lips feel so erotic as they rub against my flesh of my ass. My hair is completely soaked and I am having to drink his golden warm piss as he continues to unleash his forceful stream in my hair. My penis is aroused but trapped under my stomach and the weight of my Mom as she urinates on my ass keeps me down.
Finally, their bladders are empty and they are done. Dad, Jack, bangs his penis against my head a few times to shake out the last drops and then steps away from me. Meanwhile, Mom, Jill, brings her hand between my butt and her splayed wet pussy and begins to masturbate herself. She rocks back in forth in earnest as she fingers herself trying to get herself off and bring herself to her orgasm. She is having a good time of it, as I can tell by her rubbing my butt, the frantic motions of her fingers and her now ceaseless moaning. I can feel here aching need to cum, her movements are primal and frantic, she is so close and my own trapped penis is so hard and hot and in need of release.
"Now Jill stop." Miriam commands. "Get off David."
"No!! Please! I am sooooo close. Please!" my mom begs as she dismounts from me shaking.
"That's a good girl Jill. Now David, roll onto your back Jill is going to sit on your face and you will eat your first juicy pussy."
My mom quickly complies and straddles my face, sticking her wet spread pussy to my lips. I taste my first pussy with my tongue. I wrap my hands around her the firm flesh of her butt as I hold on.
"Ohhhhh...yes...eat me...lick me...swallow my juices...yessssss...ohhhhhh."
My mom taste exotic and smells sexy. I run my tongue up and down her wet lips as she moans with pleasure.
"Find my clit...the hard knob of hot flesh...yessss...there...chew on it...ohhhh...suck on it...oh David...oh David...oh David..."
I taste her in my mouth and swallow her pussy juices and lick, and suck on what must be her clit. I enjoy the taste of her, the feel of her, and the smell of her. This is what heaven must be like.
"OHHH DAVID! SO DAMN CLOSE...YES...YES...DAVID...DAVID...OOOOOHHHH!!"
I feel her whole body shake and I dig my fingers into her butt to hold onto her as she convulses with pleasure my tongue darting and flicking at her clit. My mouth is filled with her juices as she continues to orgasm. But I don't relent. I don't stop chewing on her clit.
"OH DAVID! OH DAVID! OH DAVID!"
She finally collapses, her skin flushed and moist with sweat.
"Okay...stop...you can stop now..."she softly moans.
I relent. She crawls off my body and lays back onto the deck, spread eagle, in a state of sexual bliss.
We then hear the doorbell.
"That must be our Chinese takeout," Saul calls out. "Jonathan and David could you bring it in? While Jack, could you take care of the tip?"
I stand up still dripping from Miriam's piss and I make my way to the front door. Good thing they have parquet wooden floors. I guess the delivery services are used to this, as they are not shocked at seeing us all naked answering the door. The young twenty-something Chinese guy wearing tee shirts and cargo shorts and sandals enjoys leering at our naked bodies. As Jonathan and I take away all the food, I am floored that Jack kneels in front of the Chinese guy, undoes his shorts, pulls down his boxers, and takes his stubby thick uncut penis in his hand and starts licking it. He then puts one of his ball into his mouth and sucks on it, and switches to the other ball, all the while the guy is moaning and almost falling over. He has to grab a holder of Jack's shoulders to keep standing up. Then Jack takes his erect penis down his throat and begins to slide his head back and forth to suck on that piece of meaty manhood.
"Ohhhhhh...fuck...yes...suck my cock!" The Chinese youth calls out.
I watch in astonishment at this scene. I am not sure what is more surprising. Seeing my Dad give this stranger a blow job or that this guy lets my dad suck his penis or that they both expected and wanted this to take place.
Either way, the both are into it and enjoying it. The Chinese guy is rock his hips back and forth which slides his thick piece of meat in and out of my Dads mouth as he suck on it.
"Oh yeah man...you like those hot meals...fuck...yes...suck on my hot sausage...fuck yes...I'm going fill you with hot stuff...fuck yes...From the moment they handed me the deliver address...ohhhhh...fuck...I was trying to guess...which one of you would be sucking my cock this time...fuckkkk...you all do it so wellll...fuckkkkk...I'm going to fucking fill your mouth...right about...NOW!"
I see him shove his cock deep into my dad's open mouth and I can see he guys balls pressed against his chin. White cream starts to leak out from around my Dad's lips as the cum overflows and over fills my Dad's mouth.
"Ohhhhhh fuckkkkk...yess...take my load!"
He shudders in my Dad's mouth and then slowly pulls out his gooey thick soft meat out of his mouth, leaving a string of juice dripping out of his penis head that my Dad reaches up to capture with his hand. The creamy juices flow off my Dad's lips as he licks and swallows the load the Chinese guy deposited in my Dad's mouth.
"Such a pleasure as always," Chinese guy says pulling up his boxers and shorts and then leaving as my Dad finishes licking and cleaning up the cum load that he received.
Jill, who had finally joined us, helped to set up our dinner. We all eat our meal now that Jack has finished with his hot goopy Chinese cum he starts in on the Chines take out like the rest of us.
As we eat, Miriam asks Saul to explain tomorrow's agenda.
"You see the problem with your standard nudist camp is that it is family oriented. It therefore limits the number of unattached single males and it prohibits any public sexual contact amongst its members. Well we always wanted to indulge in establishing our own private nudist camp, now that you two are eighteen and have embraced the lifestyle, our club is open for business. It will be a male only club, 18 years and older. Public sexual play is permitted and encouraged. However if someone wants to fuck, they can literally rent a bedroom for an hour to do that. Only oral and masturbation playing in public. Once you get a guy naked with other guys well, they naturally and instinctively want to touch, stroke and suck another guy's dick. It is not a matter of being gay; it is just a matter of giving into the natural masculine need for sex. So our club will cater to this. So doors open at 8 O clock and close at 6 o clock."
"As for our neighbors," Miriam says. "They can come over if they wish, for a free visit anytime. Also, we will have an open house policy during the weeknights just for that as well. Women will be strictly off limits. Any male attendee 'hitting on' or trying to have sexual contact with one of the ladies, will be banned from returning. During the weeknights, the neighbors can indulge in hetro-sexual play here all they want. Just during the weekends, it is strictly a male on male or women on women thing exclusively. As for our weekend slut, David—it will be explained that you are our public urinal for all members and that you are available to stroke, lick and suck on any cock if one of the attendees so desires, understood?"
"Yes Ma'am."
We finish with dinner and while the rest of them clean up Miriam instructs Saul and I to go get my piss pool from the garage and set it up outside. I discover that it is an inflatable kiddie pool about five feet plus in diameter that we set up near the edge of the actual pool. We inflate it and haul it outside.The evening air is warm and my semi erect penis bounces as I walk and so does Saul's. He has a great hanging balls that I wonder what it would be like to feel or dare I, to suck?
I'm told to set my head down on the edge of the pool and use it like a headrest. It is comfortable and my feet rest on the other edge. By now Jack has joined us and he is gritting his teeth and holding his penis tightly as he approaches.
"I'm glad the urinal is set up," He grunts as he approaches the edge of the pool and points his penis at me. "I need to...unnnnnnnnn...ahhhhhh..." A stream of hot piss shoots out of his penis and starts to cover my chest and belly.
Saul aims his penis at me and adds his golden warm piss stream at me as well. Jonathan approaches. "I was told that the urinal was ready and I got to go!" He steps into the pool to get closer to me and lets loose with his own golden stream.
All this pissing makes my own balls and bladder start to feel the need to let loose as well. I hold onto my penis, aim it up at my face, and let loose with my own stream of golden piss. Saul makes his way to straddle my face as I look up at his penis and balls and the stream of golden yellow urine that covers my hair and face. Once again, my hair feels drenched in piss.
Finally, their bladders are empty, they shake off the last drops and when I finish emptying my own bladder as well, they then let me get up and join them as they head to the cushioned lounge chairs on the deck. I am dripping piss and loving the feel and smell of its sticking fluids on my bare skin.
We settle in on the cushioned seats and watch as Jill and Miriam settle in on a large cushion on the deck so we can watch and they proceed to enjoy each other. They are kissing, fondling each other's breasts, fingering each other's pussies, all under our watchfully eyes. It's a live lesbian show and it makes all our pricks hard. We each grab our neighbor's penis and stroke it as we watch the ladies make out. Saul and Jonathan grab each other's penis to stroke, while Dad and I jack each other off.
I can't believe how many different ways there are for ladies to sexually interact, I read the term 69 on the web but now I get to see what it really looks like as Miriam and Jill go at it. Taking turns who is on top and who is on bottom. From their moans and groan and quaking bodies I gather they've had multiple orgasms. Jonathan and I shoot off our loads, and get it licked up by our Dads, who then go back to stroking us off for a repeat performance. They direct us to just edge them and not bring them beyond, they want to save their loads for latter and my private pleasure between just the two of them.
"Oh by the way," Saul says without stopping stroking Jonathan's erect penis. "David, you'll need to set an early alarm, say for 5 am."
"Ohhhh..." I moan as my Dad uses two fingers to tease the head of my cut penis head. "Why? What happens at that hour?"
"I had offered as a public service to our neighbors, through Mrs. Pee, that we had available our public urinal for there us. Our gate to the back yard would be open and everyone is invited to come by and empty their morning bladders."
"What! Seriously?" I sputter. "You mean I have to let everyone in the neighborhood piss on me tomorrow morning?"
"Morning piss is the best. You'll love it. The scent is the strongest," Saul explains like he is recommending some fine vintage bottle of wine. "Besides it is already set up. Actually, I think Jonathan should join you as well."
Our mother's bodies convulse in yet another orgasm as they eat each other out.
"Now, those two," Saul says point to my Mom and her lover Miriam (It's so cool to know that!), "Can do this all night long, but we have a long day ahead of us and I feel the urge to fuck Jack and be fucked before the nights over. So Night ladies and night boys. Come, Jack let's go get a room."
I watch my dad walk off with Saul, each fondling the other's bare butt as they head inside. Our mom's stretch and get up with big happy glowing flushed faces.
Miriam says it's time for them to go to bed. But before they do, she and Jill say they need their bladders. She would like to piss on Jonathan, while Jill pisses on me. We obey and get into the pool. Miriam straddles Jonathan's head and Jill straddles mine. I look up into mom's moist pussy as she lets loose a stream of golden warm urine on my face and chest. Jonathan and I stroke off as we get pissed on. We get close to coming but not quite there as they finish peeing. And then laugh as they hand in hand head off to bed and leave Jonathan and I to our own devices.