After the first successful session where I let Mark fuck Michelle while she thought it was me pretending to be him, I decided on a new twist.
Instead of leaving Michelle alone and going to my workshop so "Mark" could come in and fuck her, I told her that I had a new fantasy. Since she had enjoyed being serviced by Mark so much alone, I was going to pretend to invite him to come in and fuck her while I watched.
She was turned on by this fantasy and said she was ready to give it a try right away.
I went over new dialogue with her to make the new fantasy exciting and sexy.
When I had Michelle blindfolded, bent over the chair, and tied in place, I walked to the front door, opened it and said, "Come in Mark. I have a little surprise for you."
As we walked toward Michelle, I stepped quietly so that she would only hear one set of footsteps and said.
"Michelle has told me that she would enjoy being fucked by you, and you have told me over and over how much you lust after her body, so I thought I would surprise you both tonight."
That was the cue for Michelle's lines.
"James!!" She said sounding convincingly frantic. " That was just a fantasy. I can't believe you thought I was serious about letting Mark have his way with me while I am helpless like this."
I walked up to Michelle, lifted her skirt and placed it on her back revealing her sexy lace panties that were already showing dampness.
As Michelle struggled with her restraints and continued pleading for me to send Mark home, I stepped back far enough that she could tell from my voice that I was no longer close and said, "Mark, why don't you slip her panties off so you can get a good look at what is there for you to enjoy."
Mark hooked his fingers in the waistband of her panties and lowered them very slowly to her knees, exposing her ass and pussy to us both.
Michelle entreated, "Please, no. Mark, you should not be here! Please don't do this."
"Go ahead, see how she feels. I bet she is wet and ready for you." I told Mark as Michelle continued to struggle and plead.
Mark put a hand between her thighs and moved it upwards until it came in contact with her pussy as Michelle squirmed and stifled a moan.
He inserted a finger between her lips and Michelle froze as the finger slid deep into her pussy. When the finger was all the way in Mark held it there as Michelle continued motionless for a brief period, then moaned loudly.
When Mark began to remove the finger, Michelle tried to push herself back onto it.
She cried, "No, please don't take it out!"
Her restraints prevented her from following the finger back and Mark removed it as Michelle moaned and writhed.
"I would say you are ready for Mark to fuck you, wouldn't you Michelle?" I said, looking at Mark.
"Oooh, no. This is not right. You can't let him take advantage of me while I am helpless like this. Mark, please don't do this. Please go home." She begged convincingly.
"Hmmm," I said. "It seems like Michelle might not be sure what she wants to do. I have an idea for a way to decide. Let's have Mark put his cock inside Michelle and then she can decide if she wants him to go home or stay and fuck her. Go ahead, Mark. As wet as she looks, you should not have any trouble getting in, even with your big cock."
Michelle began to writhe and as she heard a zipper being pulled down (not knowing that it was Mark's, and not mine) she said, "please, don't. Not inside me."
She gasped as Mark put the tip of his cock against her pussy lips and began to slide it in.
"Oooh, please don't, mmmm." She begged and moaned at the same time.
"As soon as it is all the way in, you can decide if you want to continue or if you want him to leave." I said firmly, not leaving room for disagreement.
I signaled Mark to slow down and enter her gradually.
When he had penetrated her completely and his body was pressed tightly against her ass, I told Michelle that she had 30 seconds to decide if she wanted Mark to continue or to leave.
"I think he needs to leave. It is not right for you to let him take advantage of me like this when I am helpless and can't resist." Michelle said in a breathy voice, followed by a moan as Mark moved his cock inside her.
"You still have 25 seconds before you make your final decision, and Mark is going to help you make the right decision during that time." I said motioning Mark to start thrusting.
Mark slid his cock almost all the way out and then drove it all the way back in and Michelle moaned loudly.
"H h how much longer?" Michelle stammered as she tried not to react to Marks's cock moving faster and faster inside her.
"Almost done, 15 seconds." I told her as I watched her body start to respond to Mark's thrusts.
"Oooh, please... stop... I... I...mmmmm, please... Oh God." Michelle babbled as Mark continued to thrust inside her.
"OK, decision time." I said as I signaled Mark to stop deep inside her. "Do you want Mark to leave or to stay?"
"Oh God, no... don't... don't stop, so deep, sooo sweet, mmmmm." Michelle almost hissed as she writhed while deeply impaled on his shaft.
"So does that mean that you want him to continue fucking you?"
"Yesss."
"I think you should ask him nicely. Ask Mark to please fuck you good and cum inside you." I instructed her.
"Oooh Mark, Please don't stop. Fuck me hard and make me cum... cum inside me." Michelle pleaded
Mark began long thrusts again and Michelle moved with him, moaning and encouraging him.
"Yes, so deep, so good oh God, I am cumming." she cried at the same time Mark appeared to fill her with a full load of his seed.
After a few last thrusts, Michelle slumped over the chair, totally spent, while Mark remained deep inside her for a few seconds.
"How did that feel?" I asked her.
"Mmmm, oh my, so good, so deep." she murmured sexily after a long pause
"Don't you think you should thank Mark for making you feel so good? Would you like him to fuck you again in the future?"
As Mark slowly pulled out, Michelle pushed back trying to keep him inside her and said, "Ooooh, that felt so good, thank you Mark. I don't think I have ever cum harder than that. I hope you will be able to fuck me again soon."
Michelle laid her head down and leaned on the chair breathing heavily as I guided Mark to the door and let him out. "So long Mark." I said loudly to a smiling Mark . "It looks like you will be coming back for more soon."
I closed the door, walked to Michelle, and gently fondled her pussy lips and still engorged clit as I asked her how she enjoyed being fucked by Mark. She wriggled her ass and cooed, "ooh that was so good. I don't think you have ever been that big or gone so deep inside me before except when you pretended to be Mark last week. It's too bad he wasn't really here, because I am still turned on and ready to cum again. After all the cum you put inside me, you probably won't be ready for a while. "
I smiled to myself and said, " I think this fantasy turns me on too, and that is why my erection has been so big. And, I think I might be ready to give you another orgasm already."
I slipped my pants off and pressed my fully erect cock against her wet pussy lips. She moaned and wiggled her hips as I slid easily inside her until she was fully impaled on its entire length.
"So, you enjoyed pretending to be fucked by Mark." I said.
"Yes, definitely." She answered moving in response to me penetration. "I think you must have too, because you were bigger then than you are now."
"Let's remember that this is my second time in a very few minutes," I lied. "I really enjoyed it, but it looked like you enjoyed it more. I hope you weren't pretending it really was Mark fucking you."
When she did not respond, I continued. "Does your silence mean that you were pretending that is really was Mark fucking you?"
After a long pause she responded, "It was so erotic, being tied helpless and exposed and having you give him permission to use me. And then for me to be so turned on that I had to have him inside me. That was the biggest orgasm that I can remember. I hope you won't be mad that I was pretending that it really was him."
I smiled to myself as I thrust in and out, bringing her toward another climax. When I could tell she was close by her moans and movement, I asked. "So, you actually wanted that to be Mark's cock inside you? You would let him fuck you if you knew it was him?"
Once again highly turned on and within seconds of her second orgasm, she said, "Yes, I mean no, I mean if it was like that where I was helpless and so turned on, I could not have said no. Does that make you mad? Oooh don't stop, I am going to cum. Talking about it turns me on even more. Oh God, I am cumming again... oooooh."
As I filled her up with her second load of gism in less than 20 minutes, I left my still hard cock in deep and leaned over to whisper in her ear. "Whose cock felt better today, mine or Mark's?"
"Both were heavenly, I can't believe you recovered so quickly."
"But which one felt the best?"
After a pause she whispered. "Mmm, Mark's cock felt bigger and deeper, and the orgasm was the biggest I ever had."
"So, you like being fucked by Mark and you want to do it again?"
"Y...yes. It was so erotic. I was completely helpless and so turned on."
"Would you like him to fuck you face to face so he can look you in the eye as he cums inside you?"
"Ooooh, that sounds so naughty, but you wouldn't let him do that, would you?"
I moved my cock inside her, causing her to moan, and said. "I will have to think about that for a future reality fantasy. Meanwhile you can be thinking about what it would feel like to be looking into Mark's eyes as he makes you cum."
I could feel my cock twitch inside Michelle as I began to think about our next adventure.