Hello, Literotica! This is my first attempt at erotic stuff, hope that you all like it! As a disclaimer, I realize that I did not add too much homosexual stuff to the orgy scene, and I apologize - I'm worried about not being able to do it right and given the narrative circumstances wanted to give it proper time if I were to attempt it. Also, there are some... Biological allowances that I've made due to the main characters being slavering sex demons. No worries, I know the human body can't do that. That aside, I hope you all get a kick out of it! Or, ideally, an orgasm!
Raze and Char stepped out of the crosswalk and onto the curb in front of the little office park.
"This place looks perfect," Char said, grinning. "Four huge office buildings clustered around one little fountain and some grass. No obstructions, thin trees. Everyone'll be able to see us from here."
"Fuck, that's a relief," Raze sighed, rubbing at her stomach, "I'm fucking hungry."
"Ugh, me too. Are the disguises still good?" Char looked at Raze, her dark hair, her smooth, pale skin, her large breasts barely concealed under a thin tank top. She had chosen to wear - or have the appearance of wearing - a pair of high heels and stockings that reached up her thighs and a short jean skirt. If he peered hard enough, he could see past her illusion; glimpse her dark eyes, her horns, her tail. Char sighed. Disguises sucked.
Raze checked over Char's blazer, his shirt, his jeans, his hair. No horns showed through the illusory curtain, and his tattered wings remained concealed. She reached up and ran her finger's through her lover's hair, and Char smiled and bowed his head slightly as she petted him affectionately.
"Let's start this soon, okay?" the incubus asked, his eyes closed in quiet contentment, "I'm pretty sure that wearing clothes is about the absolute worst thing I've ever had to endure."
"I hear that," Raze said, drawing her fingers from Char's hair and smiling. "This'll be a pretty big score, though. Let's see if we can pull it off, yeah?" Char nodded, and the two walked into the cluster of buildings toward the small office park. Char gave a discreet glance sideways and watched as Raze's rack bounced and jiggled with every step she took. He felt a pang of alarm - even through his human disguise, if his cock got too hard, it could tear through the flimsy human denim and end their little heist before it began.
"If we manage to draw a big enough crowd, we should do that thing we do with the cum," Raze said.
"You think so?" Char asked, snapping him out of his trance.
"Oh yeah, humans love the taste of your cum. You remember how Peru went? Let's try that on a bigger scale."
"I don't know..."
"C'mon, I do it in private all the time. I can handle it here if you can fill me up." Raze grabbed Char's hand and pulled him closer, gnawing playfully on the shoulder of his jacket.
"Alright, I'll give it a shot. You think we'll get that far?" Char asked.
"Yeah, totally. I'm hungry and I'm ready to roll if you are."
"Shit yeah, I am. Especially now you got me thinking about Peru."
"Ooh, wonderful. Then we'll get an enchantment going and let our little show do the rest."
The two had made their way to the middle of the park, where a fountain trickled lazily. They picked a spot off-center, so that they had a wide uninterrupted span of pavement around them, and looked around. It was early enough in the morning - foot traffic poured in and out of the buildings and parking garages and roads as humans of all shapes, sizes and colors began their workday.
"Oh man, they are NOT ready for this," Raze purred, tightening her grip on Char's hand. Even through her illusion, she felt her slobbering succubus pussy begin to pour forth in anticipation. The waiting was almost too much.
"You ready to go, then?" Char asked, breathing in her scent.
"Oh sweet misguided God, yes," Raze breathed. She walked in front of him, taking long, slow steps so that her ass twitched under her skirt. He approached her from behind, pulled her close to him, and bit gently into her neck.
Char began to knead Raze's tits through the thin material of her tank top. In the sunny park square, a couple of passersby began to turn their heads as Raze groaned and arched her back under Char's hands. He traced his fingers up her waistline and lifted the lip of her shirt, revealing the underside of one breast and causing a few men to turn, but he released it and continued to squeeze at his partner's magnificent chest.
"You're enjoying yourself too much," Raze whispered, before cutting herself off with a moan as Char pinched at her nipple.
"I always do," Char growled into her ear, "But I've never heard you complain. Think we should move on? We've got a bit of a crowd now."
Raze nodded dreamily, and Char spun her around and forced her to her knees. Regaining her senses, Raze unbuckled Char's belt, unbuttoned and unzipped the fly of his jeans, pulled out his massive, throbbing cock and shoved it hilt-deep into her mouth in what seemed like one fluid motion. It was Char's turn to groan as Raze pulled back on the shaft, feeling the head of his dick slide out of her throat and past the back of her mouth only to slam it back in again, sliding the solid but giving length down her throat until she could feel her partner's balls rest against her chin.
The crowd had begun to thicken as the spectacle drew them in. Members of the surrounding complexes, interns and officers alike, had been drawn to the circle of observers as Char and Raze moaned and sucked. Men and women twenty to sixty began to whisper to each other about the young couple in front of them - the men about the way She sucked so passionately, about the way Her tits bounced and jiggled with each animalistically slobbering thrust, and the women about His long, thick cock and the way He bucked under Her and pulled at Her hair while She worked on Him.
The two demons shared a discreet look at the audience. Cocks had begun to bulge against slacks, stains of precum already beading on the material. Juices had begun to trickle from under power skirts as the pussies within began to drool with anticipation. This was a good start.
Raze pulled Char's cock out of her mouth with a long, sucking pop and stood slowly, making sure that his dick traced the long cleft of her cleavage before it caught on the edge of her tank top and pulled upward in her ascent, releasing like a springboard when she passed. Raze smiled and pulled Char in for a long, slow kiss and their tongues snaked together as they brought each other's bodies close. Raze stripped off Char's blazer and dropped it to the ground, reached one fingernail to the back of his shirt collar and drew a sharp line to his waist, slicing the material in two and revealing a taut, muscular back. Raze grinned, pulled back from their kiss, and removed Char's shirt with one clean yank as it slid off his arms.
Raze allowed herself to trace her fingers over Char's broad chest once, quickly, before turning her back to her partner and raising the hem of her skirt to reveal her tight, round ass and her plump, glistening pussy. Char gave another growl, stepped forward, grabbed Raze by her wrists, and pulled her backward onto his enormous cock, which her slim body seemed to swallow whole.
Their congregation gasped. Flies were unzipped, skirts were lifted, shirts unbuttoned. Men and women alike began to masturbate furiously, grunting and moaning as they watched Char plow into Raze. Juice flowed from Raze's pussy in a steady stream and Char's muscles flexed and relaxed in an undulating dance as the two slammed into each other. Char grunted and Raze screamed like a song. Raze's back arched and her breasts bounced hypnotically as Char plowed inside her, and she gave an elated, whispering groan as her tits leapt free from her low-cut tank top through the force of their own momentum.
For many men in the crowd, that was the turning point - the sudden exposure of Raze's heavy, firm tits and the shuddering of her perfect round ass as she was penetrated repeatedly by a cock that looked like it shouldn't fit inside her was too much for them. They ejaculated onto the concrete around the couple, staining the slate grey with milky white as they shuddered and poured their seed into the ritual circle. For the first time in years, many of the men found that they remained hard, sharp, aware, and hungering to behold more of the two divinely sexual beings before them.
Raze and Char smiled as they felt their bellies fill with the outpour of lust form their new flock. Around them, men pumped furiously at their dripping dicks and found themselves working tentative fingers inside their own assholes, marveling at the stimulation. Women rubbed their clits and pushed fingers between their slavering lips and some, overcome by sex-fueled curiosity, laid back on the warm pavement and slowly but greedily began to fist themselves. To the otherworldly couple at the center of the ring, the smell was literally intoxicating.
Some onlookers began to fuck or suck or lick or finger one another, but none of them wanted to take their eyes off Char or Raze for very long. In retrospect, none of the congregation would have been able to guess at what point their new gods' clothes had disappeared, but the new view of Char's muscles, taut and rippling under his skin from the effort of sex, and Raze's smooth gentle flesh, jiggling and bouncing with the paradoxically mature youth of eroticism, inspired them to forget.
"I think it might be time, love. Do you want it?" Char whispered in Raze's ear, pushing his cock far enough inside her to pull her close to him and brush his chest against her back.
Raze smiled between her gasps and moans. "Give it to me. Let's show them something they've never seen before."
Char released Raze's wrists and moved his hands to her breasts, grasping and kneading at them as he had when they had first begun their ritual. He began to pound harder and faster in short, quick thrusts, sliding in and out of her as her juices cascaded outward to stain the ground beneath them. Char embraced Raze, wrapping his arms around her as he groped her, and she in turn grasped at his hands with trembling fingers. Raze's pleasure-moans built into an ecstatic howl as her lover's dick plunged into her, so deep and so fierce that it felt that her insides would rupture and released a tide of cum.
Her pussy contracted and tightened around Char's cock as it pumped load after load of thick white sperm into her uterus, and all Raze could do was tremble and shriek as her insides began to swell and grow with each sticky blast. Char was held in place as Raze's wet succubus cunt grasped him and pulsed, milking his massive cock for as much as it would give her. The crowd around them paused in anticipation, as Char spasmed in pleasure and Raze twitched and her stomach ballooned outward, Char's cum stretching her midsection as her womb filled to bursting.
And then, after what seemed like days, or months, or seasons, or years, she released him, and he slid out of her, his dick still as hard as when she had pulled it out of his pants. Char stepped aside and Raze slumped to the ground, her arms falling limply at her side and her breasts shifting forward to cushion her fall. Raze was the image of contentment and bliss, her body filled with the essence of her lover, her belly filled with the lust of her surroundings. And then, she smiled and inhaled sharply - it was coming. Raze gave a shriek of pleasure as her uterus began to expel Char's cum, exploding in a fountain of thick, sticky pleasure and splattering over the ground behind her. Her toes curled and she pulled at her hair as her lover's ejaculate curled out of her in a massive jet, her stomach deflating with the ecstatic expulsion.
The women in the circle contorted as orgasms racked their body, invigorated by the display of animal lust. Those closest to the eruption dropped to their knees and began to lap up the spilled spunk, and the men closest to them positioned themselves to fuck them while they drank. The women accepted graciously, licking at Char's cum while they were pounded from behind.
Char, meanwhile, pushed two long fingers between Raze's pussylips and placed his other hand on her shoulder and hoisted her upward. He drew his fingers out, gave Raze's ass a playful but firm slap, and lifted his fingers to his mouth to taste their glorious mixture. They looked around at their parish, at the fiercely masturbating office workers and interns and security guards. The cum of the men reached out to them in an uneven circle, and the juices of the women created a ring around that. The lucky chosen stayed licking at Char's spilled cum, reveling in the heavenly mixture augmented by the sugary tang of Raze's pussy.
"Well, it looks like they like the cum," Raze said, smiling.
"Yeah," Char replied. "Talk about a good idea on your part. Think we should give 'em more?"
"Like a grand finale?" Raze asked, tracing her finger from Char's neck down his solid chest and abs to his quivering cock. She fastened her fingers around his shaft and milked it, pressing her breasts against his arm and smiling up at him. "I'd be into that." She licked her lips.
"Wonderful," Char said, giving her a wide, warm smile. Then, without any further ado, he spun Raze around and grabbed her under her thighs. Char lifted Raze in front of him, his hands spreading her legs and positioning her in midair above his dick.
"Ooh," Raze purred, running her fingers down Char's wrist with one hand and stroking at her breast with another. "Someone's feeling like fucking me from behind today, huh?"
"Gives them a better show, I think," Char rumbled back.
The audience redoubled their efforts to quell their lust as they watched, jerking and fucking and fingering and fisting as raucously as their mortal bodies would allow. They all wanted to see what their new messiahs would do next.
The two did not disappoint. Char dropped Raze suddenly, keeping his grip on her thighs but plunging the small woman onto his cock ass-first. Raze gasped as stars burst behind her vision and she felt the hard, fleshy rod force its way into her intestines. But her ass swallowed Char's cock just as it always had, and she welcomed the full feeling it gave her. Char lifted Raze and dropped her repeatedly, his biceps tensing to balance her and his hips surging forward to work his cock inside her tight, warm ass.
Raze shrieked and gripped Char's forearms, but she soon remembered her faith in her own balance and began to rub furiously at her clit with one hand. She felt the tugging pleasure of her own bouncing tits and watched as her pussy gave a few more spurts of Char's cum before releasing a small stream of her own. Her confidence grew and she moved another hand to her pussy and curled her fingers inside it, moving them in conjunction with the fingers at her clit. The throng rejoiced as they saw Raze's eyes roll back in her head, her tongue lolling and drooling with pleasure as Char grunted and moaned as he worked his cock. Soon, there were a hundred men and women in an all-out orgy around the two disguised demons, held in thrall by the power of their passions.
Raze felt orgasm after orgasm rock her body, a result of the combined outpouring of psychic lust and her own improvised dual penetration. She bathed in it, swam in it, came close do drowning in it, as she looked out on the crowd. This fuckfest was her own small kingdom; her lover's cock, her throne. If she weren't beginning to get full, she felt she could have done this forever.
"You getting full too, sweetie?" Raze managed to choke out.
"Yeah, I'm feeling it too," Char growled, digging his fingernails into Raze's thighs. "Think we should end this?"
"Think so," Raze said, "make me yours."
Char pulled Raze up the length of his cock, until the ridge of his head slipped out of her anus. Then, with a primal roar, the incubus plunged the succubus down onto his shaft, burying his dick in her down to his balls.
Again, the cum surged forth like an oceanic tide, a sticky blast pushing forward into Raze's bowels. This time, however, there was no uterus to stop the flow of cum, and the gushing pulse drove through her intestines, pouring backward and mixing into her stomach. Raze felt her stomach bulge as Char's semen poured inside it and filled it to the brim. She screamed with all the air left in her lungs, a lilting but devastating howl, and the crowd around her increased the ferocity of their fucking as if she had directly commanded them to.
Char kept cumming. Raze felt the pressure build in her stomach as the cum began to push at the entrance to her esophagus. All the while, Char kept thrusting into her, pushing his cock inside her as it spurted load after load into his beloved. And then, the floodgates broke - Char's cum surged upward from Raze's stomach and burst into her throat before finally exploding out of her mouth and nose. She relished the taste as it flowed forcefully past her tongue and coated the sex-crazed congregation in front of her, screaming her lover's cum into the crowd.
Raze gave one last moan and her limbs went limp. Char lifted her off of him, her ass releasing his dick with a long, slow squelch, and he held her against his chest until she regained her feet. Raze looked up at Char and kissed him deeply, and Char tasted his cum on Raze's lips as they pushed their tongues into each others' mouths.
"Good meal?" Char asked after he pulled away.
"Good meal," Raze whispered, cum dribbling from her mouth, her ass, and her pussy. They smiled at each other and gazed upon their new disciples.
"Eh, I think they can sort this out. Looks like some of them are even learning a thing or two," Char said.
"Yeah... We might want to look some of them up later. Might be a good snack," Raze mumbled, swallowing down the rest of the cum in her mouth. "Let's go home for now, though. That was fun."
"You got it, love."
An hour later, when the men and women in the office park had finally had their fill of one another, they stood up and looked for the man and woman who had started it all, but there was no one there. Bosses and underlings and coworkers smiled to each other sheepishly, pulled limp cocks and swollen breasts back into crooked clothing, and hobbled gingerly home. Like hell they could into work after that.