If you have read 'Helping Melinda Be Naughty Ch. 2, you can scan down to THE BEGINNING. (The next three paragraphs are catch-up. If you haven't read Ch. 1, you might enjoy it -- I sure enjoyed writing it while getting to know Melinda and Jake better.
----------------------
BACKGROUND:
Jake and I have been close friends for years. I've known Jake and Mel as a couple for years, too, but not socially because they traveled in the married-with-family crowd (two daughters in college) and I lost my membership after a sad divorce that is another story I hope never to tell. Today I am a confirmed bachelor with a mutual-comfort friend named Tess, a rarely-in-town United stewardess flying world routes.
Melinda, usually called Mel, is bright, personable, and attractive, but more like perky-cute than stunningly beautiful. Her ancestry is Irish: auburn hair, cut short but stylish. Her eyes are blue and usually smiling, her chin is a bit pixyish but it all works together nicely, especially when she smiles and the dimples appear. Jake is bright and personable, too, and has that annoying clean-cut, All-American look that keeps some guys looking youthful forever. If you saw them on the street, you could easily imagine them as co-greeters at Sunday morning worship services.
A few months ago, Mel ambushed Jake with the news that she had become obsessed with sex, at least in part triggered by porn. She confessed that she was making regular use of plastic friends and that she wasn't sure that she could resist 'acting out.' They (Mel & Jake!) asked me to help Jake "keep her fever down" -- thus far by periodic 'parties' at their home. The latest party moved us beyond the original playful exhibitionism-voyeurism. Mel had decided we could better understand her if we had a live demonstration of her 'responsiveness.' She called that phase, 'understanding her body.' The next phase has been billed as 'understanding her mind.' I was somewhere near awestruck by her responsiveness. In a clueless guy moment, Jake confessed that he was surprised, too. We have no idea how she will teach us about her mind.
----------------------------------
THE BEGINNING Ch..3
Our traditional party night is Saturday, and the 'Understand Mel's Mind' meeting was scheduled for the Saturday after next. We had discussed early that timing needed to be spaced out to keep things fresh and exciting and to avoid burnout.
Nonetheless, my phone rang at about 3:00 on Thursday afternoon. "Hey Sam, it's Mel, I've got you on speaker..." Jake shouted, "Hey, ol' buddy, it's Jake, howz it hangin'?" It was evident that they were both in a happy place.
"Sam, it's Mel again... " "Hell, Mel," boomed the normally quiet Jake, "I bet he recognizes your voice." And they both laughed like the comic's family at a stand-up comedy club.
As the laughter subsided, I got in my first words since hello. "What's happening?"
"Things are mostly great," said Mel, "I actually got Jake to take the afternoon off.." She paused, "... to tend to my needs." There was another burst of happy laughter.
Some instinct told me I should escape the moment. "That's great, you can tell me all about it next week."
"Here's the thing, though," Mel said, "We've come up with a new idea."
"Which is?"
"A quickie!" As has often happened, I couldn't prevent laughing out loud at the antics of a woman I had thought to be prim and proper a few months before."
"And what, pray tell, is a quickie?"
"It's where you come over and we give you a drink and put you in a fantasy we're talking about. Then you can cum and go home." They were both chuckling merrily again, so it was apparent that Jake was in on the scheme.
"When?"
"In the next two minutes if you can," laughed Mel. "Buddy, you're gonna love this one," shouted Jake, "guaranteed."
Okay, we have here a classic case of a person needing to stand firm against temptation. We already had a plan for connecting nine days from now. There was clearly no crisis in their relationship. The slope was potentially slippery if we ignored our 'space things out' guideline. So I contemplated all that and said, "I can be there in 45 minutes."
A quick shower later, as I drove toward their house, I tried to critique my woeful weakness, but once again Mel magic had won the day. There was really no other explanation. I also considered the possibility that her quickie might be a light-hearted interlude before next week's heavy-sounding exploration of her mind.
So I was sitting in their family room, the scene of considerable prior activity. Mel and Jake sat on the couch across from me. I was in the easy chair, sipping a tall vodka and something lemonish. To my surprise, Jake spoke first. "Here's the deal, man: Mel and her desire to expose her...uh...herself have gradually got my attention, and, uh... " His face was turning crimson. "Are you with me here?"
I chuckled. "Maybe, but that was not a masterpiece of clear communication."
Mel took over. "I've been trying to get Jake to relax and have more fun, like the boob show on the patio." She grinned at me. "Remember?"
"Yes, Mel, I remember."
"So we were talking about the last party, and I told him what I did to tease you, and wallah bing he gets a boner and I told him a little more, then a little more and he says, 'I wish I could have seen that?'
I glanced at my friend for verification. Jake nodded. "So," Mel continued, "being a woman of action, I said, 'maybe you can' -- and here you are."
For me, it was a meaningful moment. In Ch. 2, I comment that over a period of months, I had basically not laid a hand on Mel. Jake had laid hands on her. She had laid hands on me. They had laid hands on each other. But no hands-on for ol' Sam. In a way, I knew that my shutout was a good thing for complex reasons, but my dick really wasn't in favor. Their quickie idea would get me into the touching game...although on an amazingly limited basis -- as in two fingers, or four if you count total contact. I tried fleetingly to find a reason to say nay, but there was no chance.
So I said, "Just to be sure I understand. I play the Jake role, showing us how responsive Mel is, and Jake plays the Sam role of getting an incredible boner watching it happen before his very eyes, right?"
"Right," they said in unison.
I finally relaxed enough to get into the spirit. "Okay, sign me up."
Jake stood and walked toward my chair. I stood and walked toward the couch. As I settled in beside Mel, prepping mentally for the left fingers on left nipple session, she said, "There's one more thing. Jake's a lot more of a breast guy. Is it okay with you if I just start with my top off?"
Having Mel in my life, even if only a sliver of Mel, has been constant amazement and delight, and it was again. I laughed out loud, although she had used her serious tone to ask the question. I tried to meet the moment. "Well, I guess so, if you must." And wallah bing, her top went over her head and dropped behind the couch. I have joked that Mel could make a dedicated leg and panty man become a switch hitter. She just plain has wonderful breasts, big enough, rounded beautifully, nipples usually erect as they assuredly were now. Her skirt was the same flippy cream-colored skirt she had worn in the 'Starring Jake and Mel' version of this scene, no longer than mid-thigh even before the action begins.
"Ready?" I asked. Jake gave a slight nod. I could tell he was already way into the moment. Mel snuggled closer to me and said, "Do your thing, big guy." I put my left arm around her shoulder, took a moment to caress her upper arm, but made my way directly to her breast. The lesson she had taught Jake and me was that she has 'way higher than average responsiveness.' and Jake's demo, likely suggested by Mel, starred two fingers lightly applied to her nipple.
I'll skip another moan-by-moan account of the quick seduction, but it was awesome to experience in the role of hands-on seducer. Her nipples were rock hard. Every circular caress or gentle nipple pinch caused her body to react instantly. As her back began to arch and her hips began to writhe, she slid lower in the couch, her skirt rode up her thighs, and her legs began to spread. Because I had been there and damn near ejaculated spontaneously, I knew the visual that Jake was experiencing, and that her panties and upper thighs were or soon would be soaked. And he had the visual bonus of her decision to be naked from the waist up.
Soon her hips were moving rhythmically, gradually faster. Her breathing becoming more audible. It was an educational moment for me as seducer. I have basically thought that the key to sexual success is to spend a few minutes pushing the right buttons and twirling the right knobs; after that, I thought, if it's time to try to inspire the lady's orgasm, the trick is to build up to a grand crescendo through forceful body touches followed by all out, slam bam fucking to be sure she goes over the top. I had noticed a possible flaw in my thinking as I watched Jake sexually dominate her with two fingers. But it's an entirely different experience to FEEL rather than see the sexual energy that runs through her body and to see it on her face, lips within easy kissing distance. My usually cocky penis admitted, 'Hey, man, I may have had it wrong about the slam-bam-fuck-you-ma'am strategy.'
Mel was at least as hot with me as she had been with Jake, possibly moreso, for both her left nippple then her right nipple sessions. Her final eyes-closed, teeth-clenched, moaning, hip-bucking finale would surely have won an Oscar if they had a Big O category.
The whole quickie was over in less than an hour, and that included Mel whispering another erotic masterpiece into my ear causing me to swiftly fire another jizm wad over my left shoulder.
As her splayed thighs stopped quivering, Jake's expression bordered on awe, and he had deposited the majority of his first wad near the Swoosh on his Nike shirt. It was clear he was ready and able to fire again. I could see that, for better or worse, my friend Jake had reached another level of sexuality. The boundaries had been stretched again.
For a long moment after nipple session 2, Mel remained almost motionless but for heaving breasts, slowly returning to normal as her breathing slowed. Her eyes were closed, her expression serene, clearly indifferent about lying before us, spreadeagled, naked except for a skirt bunched around her waist and a half ounce of cloth now obviously soaked.
When she opened her eyes, she focused slowly on me and gave me her curious frown. "Do you think he could he see my panties?"
I was speechless, again. What the hell do you say to that? Her panties might as well have been tacked to the wall or hoisted up an exterior flag pole. I just laughed from deep. But it was the kind of laugh that happens when people reach a new level of intimacy that isn't just sexual. I knew I should analyze those feelings, but long-term planning would need to wait. Jake and I were nine days away from learning the secret of Mel's mind.
---------------------------------
That Saturday evening began with the comfortable pattern that we've developed. Cocktails on the patio. Great conversation. Mel being careless about her hemline and neckline. I sensed an underlying tension, but it might have just been me. I was a curious as all hell what she would teach us about her mind.
This time the scene was their bedroom, actually the king-size bed in their bedroom. She led us upstairs, told us to find a comfortable place to sit and suggested the foot end of the bed, one corner for Jake, one for me. She excused herself for a moment, disappeared into their closet, and emerged with a dimpled Mel-smile. "This is my outfit. You'll see why in a few minutes."
My eyes blinked and my throat went tight simultaneously. It was a mint-colored babydoll nightie. There were matching panties, but the whole damn thing was gauzy and essentially transparent. We'll skip a head-to-toe body description, but I'm sure you can visualize her walking toward us.
She climbed onto the bed and positioned herself at mid-center headboard sitting mostly upright, propped up by pillows piled behind her. She was silent for a long moment, her expression uncharacteristically neutral. She looked toward Jake, then toward me. "I'm going to tell you what I allowed to enter my mind today." She pulled her legs toward her, her knees together, encircled by her arms. "It's so real in my mind that you can think of it as something that really happened."
Jake and I pivoted to sit cross-legged facing her. She had definitely earned rapt attention. She said, "I dropped off a friend at the Airport Hilton yesterday. We had arrived way early, so she invited me to have a drink with her. We noticed we had talked so long that she needed to hurry to catch the shuttle. I paid the bill and was walking down the hall toward the main lobby and kaboom, a guy coming from another hall runs into me and knocks me flat. I land on my side but roll onto my back. My legs are spread. At first I'm worrying about where my purse went, but then I realize that two giant shoes are standing directly in front of me. I look up, while also trying to pull my skirt down. He's wearing a satiny black sweatsuit, and the first thing I see is the clear outline of his cock. I was kind of embarrassed at how long I stared, so I scanned on up this very tall body, and I see a face that even I recognized, and I'm not even a basketball fan."
She released the hold on her knees and changed to Indian style. I barely noticed,
"So the guy says, in this really deep voice, 'I'm truly sorry about that,' and he reached down and extended his hand. I grabbed his hand and he popped me up like a weighed nothing at all. I was really flustered, mostly about knowing who he was, but just the whole thing of knowing my panties were showing and knowing he saw me staring at his crotch."
But he had a great smile with about a hundred really white teeth, and his eyes were warm and friendly. I started feeling better. "He said, 'I think I should buy you a drink, to really show I'm sorry.'
"I know I should have at least thought about it, but I said, right away, 'I think you should, too.' So he took me to a special lounge they keep for players and staff, and we sat in a corner booth with a big oval table. I didn't know what to say to him, so it seemed awkward for a minute, but he smiled again and said, 'You are a very beautiful woman, are you Irish by chance?' I'm sure I was blushing, but I said yes I was Irish. He said, 'I thought so. I'm Irish, too'."
"He said it in a serious voice, and I had to think about it for a minute, then I started giggling and then laughing out loud. He said, 'What? You don't believe I'm Irish?' And then we were both laughing, for a really long time. And I felt comfortable from then on."
Mel was still sitting Indian style, telling her story, but she was smiling and her tone had changed, something like affectionately telling us about meeting an old friend.
"I decided to have a Jameson and Ginger, which seemed like a very Irish thing to do. He ordered a German beer which sort of broke the Irish spell, but we were just chatting and I pretended I knew what a pick and roll is, stuff like that. Then he said we should have another drink, which I knew I shouldn't, but I did anyway and he said, 'Know what I wish?' So I asked him what he wished and he said he wished we were sitting beside each other in the middle of the booth. I knew I shouldn't, but I told him that sounded nice and pretty soon we were sitting thigh to thigh, except that his thighs were so much bigger than mine it was unreal."
"We didn't talk for awhile, then I felt his hand, just above my knee, but his hand was so big it felt like he was most of the way to, you know... I wasn't really surprised. I knew he didn't ask to sit closer just to sit closer. And I wasn't totally surprised at first by my reaction, but wow... All of a sudden I could barely breathe, and I felt his hand push further under my skirt... And I spread my legs for him.... And...And..."
And the real Mel's legs were now in front of her and spreading. Her head leaned back against the pillow. Her breathing was ragged. But her arms were at her sides, hands doing nothing but steady her.
"And I let him get to my panties really easily, and he stayed there, the side of his hand spreading me more then rubbing against my panties... and my clit... then..."
Mel stopped talking again, her eyes closed, hips visibly gyrating, struggling to breathe. "I knew I shouldn't cum in a public place so I put my hands on his wrist to try to stop him. I whispered, 'I don't think this is a good idea.' But he leaned and whispered in my ear, 'I think it's a very good idea,' and I felt one of his fingers push the crotch of my panties out of the way...and another finger was inside me..."
New Mel had scooted down from upright to almost flat, except her head was high enough on the pillow that she could look back and forth between Jake and me, her expression hungry. Her hips kept writhing, her leg muscles seeming to flex and unflex, but her arms stayed at her side, hands doing nothing but occasionally grip the bedspread under her.
"And then the finger went deep inside me. I realized it was easily the longest finger that I've ever let... you know...and then it was moving inside me... and I thought oh my god, I'm gonna cum... but then it stopped and then the finger was gone.."
I was watching Mel's face and it was clear she was close to orgasm herself when she got to 'it stopped and the finger was gone.' I looked toward Jake and saw a man truly perplexed.
"I looked at him, afraid to ask him why, but feeling disappointed and kind of angry. He smiled at me and said, 'You are cordially invited to room 727 to continue our discussion. Do you accept?' I smiled back at him and said, 'Until just this second I thought you were going to turn out to be an asshole.' He really laughed at that, which made me feel good. I'm sure he has been with many women, but I'll bet none of them called him an asshole on their first time with him."
Mel had gradually returned to normal breathing and had scooted back up her pillow pile. I was feeling as much drained as excited. I think Jake felt the same.
"There was some reason we needed to go to his room separately, so he went ahead and about five minutes later, I took the elevator to floor 7. On my way up, I thought of another line I thought would make him laugh. I knocked on the door, he opened it, and I said, 'Yes, I understand you called for room service.' He laughed again, really hard, a deep, wonderful laugh; and in I went."
"It was a huge room, actually rooms, since there was a separate sitting area, and bathroom suite. There was only one bed, and it was bigger than any bed I had ever seen. I sat on the edge, not sure what would happen next. I was really surprised about what did happen. He sat beside me, and said, really seriously, 'There's something I hope you'll do for me.' I was feeling close to a hundred percent agreeable, but still said, 'What would that be?' He said, 'There's an outfit hanging in the closet in the room over there.' He gestured toward the sitting area. 'It's a favorite of mine.'
'So I found the closet, opened the door, and this is what I saw." She flipped at the hem of her nightie. "And afterward, he let me keep it."
Jake and I exchanged expressions of utter astonishment. We were adjusting to a remarkably realistic fantasy story. We hadn't expected one of the imaginary outfits to be in bed with her now.
"So I put it on, and walked back into the bedroom. He was still sitting on the edge of the bed. He smiled at me and said, "Babes, you are gorgeous.' From then on, he called me Babes. Then he asked me if I would twirl for him. So I put my hands on my head and slowly spun for him. It really turned me on to know that I might as well have been naked and he was smiling, you know, like he approved. He opened his legs and spread his arms and said 'Come to me.' It was unreal. It seemed like his arms stretched a mile and then I felt like I was inside a cocoon or something. And he just held me like that, for a really long time."
He said, "You're somethin' else, Babes.' And I said, 'Is that a good thing?" And he said it was a very good thing. Then his hands stroked up from my knees to my buns, and his hands stayed there, except some of the time his hands went under my panties. Even sitting down, his face was even with my breasts. He said, 'Hmm, I can't decide where to start.'
Then the real Mel, sighed again, breathing harder. "I really didn't care where he started. I just wanted him to start. I grabbed a wrist and guided it under my nightie. "How about starting here?" She lifted the nightie to her shoulders, baring both breasts, nipples incredibly erect. But then her hands returned to her sides.
"He used that hand to massage my breast and tease my nipple, and his mouth was on my other breast and he really knew how to..."
Mel was again sliding lower, her face was a study in feminine longing "...how to make me crazy. And I was almost ready to cum again, but he stopped again, and pulled back. This time I said, 'Please don't tease me.' And he said, 'Babes, you're just too much fun to tease.' And I said, 'Still, you're not being nice,' kind of like a whiny little girl. And he grinned and said, 'Okay, let's see if I can make you think I'm nice.'"
He stood and turned me toward him and pressed me against him and I could tell his cock was really hard. Then he put both hands on my waist and just tossed me into the center of the bed. I wound up on my back, and tried to sit up, but he was already there and he grabbed my ankles and spread me then tipped me over backward, and his head was between my legs, and he pushed these panties aside and.."
Now Mel was moaning loudly, between gasps. Her hips were moving rhythmically; her expression was almost tortured; but her arms and hands remained at her side. "... then his mouth was on me, and it was like every part of me was inside his mouth, then he was sucking my clit and flicking me with his tongue..."
Mel's back was arching, her legs spreading wide. And then his tongue was in me, and I thought, 'Oh God, he's owning me,' and I was praying he didn't stop again, and he didn't stop, and..."
I couldn't believe it. Mel's hips were thrashing, back fully arched, legs spread for her invisible lover, but her arms and hands weren't moving.
"... and his tongue somehow went way deeper and his huge hands were on my butt, lifting me toward him, and I knew I couldn't stop, didn't want to stop... and his tongue made one more push and his hands spread me even more... and I screamed, "Oh fuck. Oh fuck, I'm cumming...."
And Jake and I watched it happen, all the way from the writhing hips to the arched back to the spreading legs, to the scream from deep in her throat, and finally to her collapsing backward, exhausted. And her arms and hands had never left her sides. We sat there silently while we watched her recover. We really didn't know what to say, and it was just as well, because she wasn't done with us yet.
Now Mel was on her back, making little effort to maintain eye contact with us. It became harder to hear her as her voice was just above a hoarse whisper. "And I looked up, and this giant of a man was on his knees, between my legs. And he told me to take my nightie off, so I pulled it over my head and off. And his hands were at my hips, pulling my panties down, and off."
Mel pulled the top off, then slid her panties down and off. But then her hands returned to her sides. She whispered, "And I could see his cock between my legs and it was huge and I was afraid I couldn't take it. But he was really gentle with me, and he opened me and went deeper in me a little at a time. And I loved every inch of it, but I knew I wouldn't last long He looked down at me and smiled, "Have I been nice?" And I said, "Very nice." And he said, 'Will you cum with me?" And I said, "Yes, that would be nice."
Jake and I looked at each other now almost fearfully. "And he said, 'Okay, here were go, Babes' and he started fucking me harder and faster, but I could tell he was being careful not to go too deep and hurt me. At first he held my legs almost straight up and I could feel the muscles of his stomach and chest against my thighs Then he caressed and teased my breasts with both hands. Then he leaned forward and whispered in my ear, "Fly with me, Babes. And our hips were moving in perfect rhythm and his cock was expanding, opening me wider..."
And Mel's face was perfect passion and expectation, while her back arched and her hips bucked. Her hands were grabbing fist-fulls of the bedspread. "And he whispered, "Let's go, Babes," and he went a little deeper but stopped pumping me, and he let me finish myself off, squeezing his cock, wrapping my legs around him. Telling him I loved it. Then I heard his deep groan, and he whispered, 'You're good, Babes. Really good.' And I felt the hot gush of his cum, filling me, and I went with him and our orgasm felt incredible and seemed to last for a very long time. And finally we were still, although he still felt huge inside me. And he held me like that for a long time."
I honestly couldn't breathe. My cock was as hard as ever in my life. Jake was in the end stage of genuine if awkward masturbation, and groaned through his own orgasm. He looked at me, his breathing still labored. "Will you talk to her. I don't know what to say or think or... "
Mel had gone into her closet and came back wearing a white terry bathrobe. She returned to center stage near the headboard, again sitting Indian style, but now modestly.
I said, "Mel, I don't want to accuse you of... you know... but that had to be real."
"It was real, to me."
"No, I mean really real."
"So do I."
I sighed and shook my head. "Okay, we're two absolutely amazed guys who don't know what the hell just happened. What did you teach us?"
She had been looking down, fidgeting with the her robe's bow.. She looked up and her expression was somehow fragile. "How important you are to me -- both of you."
"Explain."
"I had an art instructor in college who told me I have an amazing gift of visualization, which I guess, in art, is a good thing."
"Are you saying you visualized that whole thing."
"Yes."
Talk about a holy shit moment. It was suddenly clicking into place for me. "And you can visualize so completely you don't even need to be touched to..."
"Yes."
"And when you watched porn, you could envision..."
"Yes."
"C'mon, Mel, how the hell can we compete with that?"
Her eyes were filling with tears. "Because you're real, and you care about me, and that makes things exciting for me, because I love making you laugh and have fun." She paused, and the Irish eyes began to smile, at least a little. "Sometimes I think about you guys all day. Sometimes I make myself cum just thinking about things we can do, and hoping you'll like it."
"Is that enough?"
She paused, for longer than I wished she had. "Yes... It's really working."
I had a hundred or so more questions, but I just looked toward Jake, who was still visibly shaken. "O'Leary's Tuesday?"
"Oh yes. We need to meet."
And then my dick shouted, "Hey, what about me?" And I asked Mel if we could meet in the family room, and she smiled and flashed both breasts, and soon I had assumed my position, and she made very short work of me. But I didn't feel good about it in the same way I usually do. It had been a jarring evening, and I guessed correctly that Jake was more jarred than I was.
---------------------------
Jake downed about half his Guinness pint in the first two swallows. He looked tired. I couldn't recall ever seeing Jake look tired. "I'll tell you, man, I am haunted by even thinking... you know..."
I was something like haunted, too, but decided to let my friend speak. "How so?"
His expression was pained, "I truly hate to say this, but I don't know whether I even believe her."
I knew what he meant, but asked anyway, "Believe what?"
"That she didn't, for real, bump into a guy at the airport, and wind up... you know....Shit, Sam, there were details in that story that a fiction writer would be hard-pressed to dream up."
I tried to be comforting. "Well she said she's good at visualization, and..." But he leaned forward, expression furious.
"So where the fucking hell did the show-her-whole-goddam-body outfit come from?"
Now it was my turn to drink deeply and to give the waiter a 'two more' sign. "Actually, I've been thinking hard about that. I don't know where the outfit came from but think about this. If her story really did happen, then everything Mel has been saying to us about helping her avoid temptation has been a lie. I just don't think Mel would lie to us like that."
Jake shook his head, looking more tormented, not less. "That's a good try, ol' buddy, but I wish it felt that simple to me. Here's what feels more likely -- and I wish to hell it didn't: That she did have a rip-roaring fuckfest, and she loved it, and she realized how much she loved it, and she reached out because it scared her."
I raised my hands to my forehead, rubbing both temples, feeling like a boxer whose opponent delivered a strong right uppercut. "Whew, I mean, I see how you got there, but... but can you even imagine that Mel would tell us, blow by blow, a true story, including dressing-up in the actual outfit, and re-enacting funny and tender moments, not to mention mind-blowing orgasms -- and then lie through her teeth about whether it was real?"
He met my gaze, clearly in thoughtful mode for a moment, then he shook his head. "I don't know what I think about what she would do?" He sounded exhausted.
I delivered one of the thoughts that had been haunting me. "If we give her the benefit of the doubt, it's still true that she really screwed up Saturday night. We could give her one point for proving, big time, that her mind is able to visualize well enough to cause her overly responsive body to cum all over itself. But she gets ten penalty points for out and out cucking two guys, and doing it in your bed. I mean, son of a bitch, it felt like that story lasted an hour and a half and she was in cool-dude, big-dick paradise."
I leaned back, picked up the new Guinness and drank deeply again. I realized that I had just sounded and felt like an outraged husband, not a concerned friend. And for the second time in nine days, I realized that I had some serious analyzing to do.
Jake gave me an unexpected opportunity to explore, but I wasn't sure I was ready or able. "Will you talk to her?"
"I tried Saturday."
"No, I mean later."
"By myself?"
"Yes. I started to, but I could tell that... anyway, it didn't go well, and now we're in an official holding pattern. It's not good.
I exhaled long and hard. "What? A cup of coffee or something?"
"Or come by the house. I can make myself scarce."
"I'll need to tell her we voted and I was nominated; that okay?"
His eyes looked tired, his expression flat. "Yeah, okay. Thanks."
----------------------------
Tune in to Ch. 04.