Even though this is the beginning of the second trilogy about Mark, Lydia, Snowy, and Swan, it is a direct sequel to Snowy's Visit Ch. 03 and the story continues practically instantly. Reading previous chapters is highly recommended if you want the full story and want to know more about the characters.
* * *
I opened my eyes the next morning, and it took me some time to refresh my memory and place myself in the right place and the right time. It slowly came back to me, and as the refresh button loaded my senses anew, my smile widened exponentially. I was in Zuljana, a small village on the Croatian coast, some hour and a half drive from Dubrovnik. I was in an apartment that my girlfriend Lydia and I rented for a week. Out of the blue, our dear friend (and one-night sex partner) Snowy texted she was in Dubrovnik. She and her boyfriend (with a long-ass name, but who everyone called Swan) got hung up with accommodation. So, we invited them over for a few nights. Long story short, they came over. We immediately hit it off properly. In less than 24 hours since they arrived, we went from them being shy about being nude on the beach in the morning to having amazing, liberating foursome last night. The story was long and eventful, and tons of mental images coursed through my head.
Even though we had a few drinks last night, I felt none of that usual post-drunken regret or even the slightest hangover. Instead, I felt so filled with energy that I immediately jumped out of bed. To my amazement, knowing I came four times the day before, I was sporting a huge boner. It appeared that the evening ended with Snowy and me falling asleep in the living room. Swan and Lydia, probably deciding there was not enough room on the bed for all of us, retreated to the other room at some point.
Snowy was apparently still asleep, and no sounds were coming out of the room where Swan and Lydia were (probably) sleeping. Snowy was sprawled across the bed lying on her back, a small sheet covering only her midsection. Both her magnificent DD's and her smooth, beautiful innie pussy were fully exposed. Even if I wanted my hard-on to subside, it wasn't going to happen with that panorama in front of my eyes.
I strolled to the kitchen and had a glass of water. As I lowered my drink, I was suddenly greeted with a couple of eyes staring in my direction. Snowy woke up and was looking at me with a smile so wide it would brighten up a stadium in the pitch dark.
"Well, well..." Snowy said, her voice lustful even in those first seconds after waking. "That's the sight I always love to see the first thing in the morning," she referred to my hard-on by very conspicuously pointing at it. Then she patted the bed a couple of times, clearly giving me a sign to come over. I obeyed dutifully and sat next to her. Before I was able to even put my butt down properly, Snowy's hand was wrapped around my morning wood.
"Good morning to you, too," I said, kissing her forehead. "Did you sleep well?"
"Mhmm. Like a baby," Snowy replied, stroking me ever so gently, not even pulling my foreskin all the way down. "I see some parts of you are fully energized."
"Well, you know. Hard not to be hard in this setting and with those nipples so nicely erect," I said, pinching one of Snowy's erect nipples and making her shiver slightly.
"Hey, you'll make me even hornier, " Snowy responded to my action.
"Oh, really? What would that look like, hmm? Pray, tell?"
"I think..." Snowy replied and turned on her belly in front of me, adjusting herself so that her head was directly above my crotch. "I think the first sign of that happening would be something like this." She extended her tongue and gently pushed it under my foreskin, her eyes fixated on mine.
"Yep," I groaned, my spine already tingling. "That's a pretty good sign. But, you know-"
"Of course, that would just be the start," she interrupted me, and then wrapped her lips around my knob, making me shudder involuntarily.
"Of course," I replied and leaned back onto the pillow.
After half a minute or so of Snowy's gentle and loving play with my member, she suddenly paused and looked up at me. Then she chuckled quietly: "Oh my. If you could only see yourself now. You look like a puppy whose toy is being taken away."
"Well, would you feel differently if I stopped eating you out like that?"
"Probably not. But you know..." she paused, turning her head towards the bathroom/bedroom part of the apartment. "I can't stop feeling a tiny bit guilty without them around."
I looked in the same direction, understanding her uncertainty. "Yeah. I get it. We haven't actually discussed that part of the equation. Even though they did break that boundary when they were preparing lunch yesterday."
"True," Snowy considered the presented fact. "And still... I mean, I want to really be clear on the rules. I'm horny as fuck, and I still have this one fantasy to fulfill with you. Still, I love Swan very much and wouldn't want to hurt him even by wrongly presuming the level of freedom we have here."
I admired Snowy's reasoning. Me, being a guy, taking into account after everything that happened the night before, would instead go for forgiveness after the act than permission before the deed. I sincerely believed there were no more barriers to doing anything with anyone at any opportunity - and, also, Lyd and I already decided this was a no-limits situation. If Lydia went and let Swan ass-fuck her in the next room as we speak, it would only make me hornier, not hurt or jealous. But Snowy and Swan were not Lydia and me (though they did make seven-league jumps towards our lifestyle attitude). If they still haven't made it clear between themselves how far they are willing to go, I wasn't going to be the one to decide for them. Also, Swan was a kickboxing champion, and I really wasn't about to entice him to use his skills on me.
"And if Swan and Lydia are going at it right now in the other room?" I asked, and added one more important question before she could answer. "How would you feel about it?"
Snowy took a second to form a reply. Interestingly, at no point in this conversation did she release the grip on my cock. Finally, she replied: "Hell, I'd be happy if they did. I can't be jealous of any of you anymore. Also, that would be as good a permit as it gets for you and me to get it on." She winked at me as she finished that last sentence.
"Cool. Hey, what is that fantasy you have, and we still haven't gotten to it?" I asked.
"Oh," she seemed to hesitate for a moment. The old, shy Snowy who began to dissolve that long-gone night in our apartment was suddenly surfacing. I could still vividly remember how she came to Lydia's and mine apartment that night, wearing an almost turtlenecked long-sleeved shirt and unable to talk about anything sexual without blushing. When she left the next morning, she still had my semen and Lydia's juices staining parts of her body. The New Snowy - one who became a complete sexual vixen in our vicinity (or Snowy the Slut for her friends) - was casually tossing my rigid cock between her hands. She smiled broadly, realizing the absurdity of shyness in her current situation, and quickly buried the old, shy Snowy deep into the archives. "I want you to be the first guy to put it in my ass."
I wasn't expecting to hear that. Snowy had a boyfriend she loved - and even though we shared almost all intimate secrets, I couldn't even imagine she would be putting me before him in any matter involving sex. "Wow," I said, scratching my head. "That's... Unexpected."
Snowy frowned, released my cock, and put her hands under her chin. "You don't want to do it?"
"Wha... Hell, no! I mean, hell yeah, I wanna do it! But I don't think I should be the one-"
"Yeah, yeah," Snowy waved her hand dismissively, "it should be Swan because he's my boyfriend and we love each other and blah, blah, blah... I know all that, but my every fantasy about anal is with you, not Swan. I can't explain it," she sighed, looked down to compose herself, and then continued, "I feel like you are the guy who is supposed to take me where I haven't been before."
"What? Like, if you haven't been to Thailand, I should take you there?"
"No, you idiot," Snowy punched me in the thigh. "I was talking about sex, not geography."
"I'm truly honored," I said. "But that's definitely something you need to discuss with Swan." I stopped for a second, feeling a very defining sentence rolling like a boulder from my brain to my mouth. "Also, Swan seems like a guy who'd know a lot about anal."
Snowy froze for a second. And then started to laugh, suppressing the volume so she wouldn't wake up the sleeping beauties. Finally, after regaining some composure, she looked up at me. "Oh, man. I should've said something to you before... You know..."
"Before I learned about it..." I mimicked putting up my sunglasses and giving her a significant look, doing a full Horatio Caine, "...the hard way."
This time, there was no help. Snowy burst out laughing so loudly that the room rang. She even had to release my dick out of her hands so she could roll around on the bed.
"Oh my... I can't... How the hell did you remember that guy?" Snowy managed to pant out in between bouts of laughter.
"You know, just trying to cover my slight nervousness on the topic with some dank humor," I replied.
"What's the topic?" A voice came out of the bathroom. It was Swan. He was either already up when Snowy started laughing, or she woke him up.
Snowy gave me a really significant stare, which in all probability meant 'everything we talked since we woke up is sensitive, let's take it slowly.' However, I was stupid and not really considering the consequences, so I said: "Umm, you and me swinging each other's dicks last night."
"Ah," he commented neutrally as he emerged from the bathroom into the living space. I was not at all surprised he had a hard-on. Snowy also saw it, and her eyes visibly glinted. Swan got himself a glass of water and sat down next to Snowy. "Yes. Why is that still an issue - OK, I'll rephrase that: is it an issue?"
"No, no," I said defensively. "I just mentioned that... You know... How come you..." I stammered, unable to form a coherent sentence, even though I knew what I wanted to ask. Guess I actually did have some hard time admitting to myself what happened last night. Or, better said, not what happened, but more of a hard time accepting that I was so blind and unable to recognize I was also being set up by three of them.
"How come I'm bisexual, and you were the only one not aware of that fact?" Swan asked the question for me.
"Yeah, that," I sighed with relief.
"Well, first of all, I'm not bisexual... OK, not in a conventional sense. You might call me heteroflexible," Swan said.
"Huh?"
"It means that I'm straight, but from time to time, I find certain men sexually attractive. No, actually..." he paused as if trying to find a way to better articulate himself. "I don't actually find men attractive. I find it attractive to play with some dicks that I find interesting. I can't tell you how I decide on it 'cause it's definitely a subconscious thing, but I know those are exceptional cases," Swan said, letting that sink in.
I nodded in appreciation. Guess I was exceptional, and it made me kind of proud. Still, I was curious and very often forgot to hold back: "So, how many times did you - you know, do it with guys?"
"A couple... OK, a bit more - but only a couple times that I went further than I did last night," Swan confessed confidently. "And those guys were gay."
"OK. Really cool, actually," I said. "It was my first, definitely."
"So?" Snowy interjected. "It was my first with Lydia that time back in your apartment, and it would only be appropriate for you to keep it in-house, considering everything."
"I second that," I said. "Especially as I never saw myself having a first at all. But I'm so glad there was a first, it was a really cool thing to do."
"Also," Snowy continued her thought, barely holding herself from interrupting while I was talking, "it was my idea not to say anything to you. I was kind of testing you - you know, I was sure I was going to find that boundary where even you would say 'OK, that's enough.' And, well..." she shook her head.
"And you guessed wrong," I continued her thought. "I mean, yeah, there are things I'd never do, but... This wasn't it. Even though it wasn't on any of my to-do lists."
Swan smiled at me: "Dude, up until two years ago, I was thinking the same. I was full of straight macho bullshit, to be honest, even acting out slightly homophobic. Now - I can't imagine holding back if I feel it. Well, OK, since I met Snowy, I was holding back from everyone else - until yesterday. Now we have the best of all worlds." He concluded that and leaned to give Snowy a big, wet kiss, which she readily accepted.
"So, is Lydia still sleeping?" I asked nonchalantly when they stopped.
"Yeah. Though... I mean, I don't know if I should tell you this, but I will anyway," Swan began contemplatively, and looked at me sheepishly. That was probably the first time I saw him showing any kind of insecurity. "Before we fell asleep last night, she asked me to wake her up with my magic wand. I know you two are really open-minded, but I didn't know if that would be stepping over the boundaries or not - you know, me having sex with her without you."
Snowy stared at him intensely and then gave me a significant look. Swan saw it, and he was definitely not reading her non-verbal communication correctly because he rushed to continue with his speech: "Also, and even more importantly, I wouldn't do anything that would make my baby here feel hurt." He gently caressed her cheek while saying that.
"Well, would you?" Snowy asked him before I got the chance to say anything.
"Would I what? Hurt you?" Swan was puzzled with the question.
"No, silly. Would you fuck Lydia without me there if I told you it was OK?"
Swan looked at her for a few moments, even more confounded. Then he replied in that all-too-familiar way all men respond when they feel like there is no right answer. "Umm... Yeah, I would. Well, if Mark was also OK with that, of course."
"You can go and wake her up until she screams, dude," I told him and winked at him. My dick, which went from completely hard to semi-erect state while we were talking, suddenly got a new wind as soon as I said those words. A mere thought of Lydia getting pounded by Swan was making me horny as hell.
He smiled at me, but he was not at all sure about how to proceed: "Thanks, I somehow expected you'd say that, but..." he nodded at Snowy, "my boss is here to give the final word."
Snowy was barely able to contain herself from screaming it out loud in delight. She actually showed an impressive amount of self-control, because she said, in a tone that was almost worryingly calm: "Well, I could be OK with that," she emphasized the word 'could' so much that I almost started to snigger, "under the condition that the license goes both ways - or, better said, in all ways."
"You mean-" Swan started to say something, but Snowy lifted a finger to shush him.
"Yes. To put it simply - I don't want us to have any more worries about who can touch whom and how amongst us four. Mark and I had the same conversation about ten minutes ago, and I was the one who said I needed to clear it out with you. So, now that we did clear that out..." Snowy had a twinkle in her eye. She leaned towards Swan again and gave him a big kiss. Then she positioned herself between the two of us, looked at my crotch, then at Swan's crotch, and grabbed both of our dicks with her hands.
"I can't begin to tell you how much I love you," Swan said to Snowy with his eyes closed. "This is amazing. Oh, and I love your friends."
"Mhmm," Snowy casually accepted his proclamation of undying love, biting her lower lip as she felt two cocks going rigid in her hands. "I love you too, baby. And I'm so happy that you have such an open mind."
"Who knows if my mind would be able to open like that if it weren't for the three of you to open it for me," Swan admitted, leaning back a bit. "You guys seem to be up for anything as long as everyone wants it."
"Pretty much," I said proudly. "Hey, we're even up for those things we don't know we want until we try them." That produced a chuckle from both of them.
All of us fell silent for a while, with Swan and I half-lying down and Snowy slowly tugging at our now completely stiff fuck sticks. Her head was moving slowly left-right, as she was trying to take both of us in as much as possible. She was licking and biting her lips as she went through the motions, clearly showing the pleasure it was giving her.
"You know - before last night, I didn't even have fantasies about playing with two guys," Snowy admitted. "But now that I am doing just that, I can only call myself stupid for not trying something like this way before. I see why Lydia found this so damn attractive."
"Yeah. I mean, you can do tons of fun stuff with two of these," I said, pointing at my meat. "You can pump them in unison, you can do two-stroke, you can sword-fight, you can..." I stopped because I made both Snowy and Swan laugh so hard, she had to stop stroking me.
After Snowy regained control, she kissed me on the cheek and got up, actually leaving both Swan and me a bit perplexed and sitting there with our hard-ons longing to be handled. "OK. One more thing, since we're setting things completely straight here and now," she mentioned, and I knew where this was heading. She sat in Swan's lap and put her hand around his shoulders, looking him in the eyes. "Honey, remember when I told you I've never tried anal?"
"Of course," Swan nodded; his face still completely neutral as he probably decided not to guess where this was going.
"Umm... I'd like to try it..." Snowy said, and a moment before Swan even managed to draw a smile on his face, she inhaled and blurted out: "... with Mark."
Swan looked at her intensely, figuring out what to say. However, Snowy decided that dialogue would not be the optimal option in this case, and continued with the explanation: "The thing is... You know that time we - I mean, Lydia, Mark and me - had a threesome? Well, I kind of promised myself to Mark then and told him that if anyone was ever going to pop my backdoor cherry, it would be him."
That was, for lack of a better word, not wholly true. Actually, I couldn't remember her ever saying something like that, either on that night or later - well, until this morning. I had no idea Snowy could be that devious - providing alternative truth to her boyfriend to fulfill her fantasy. Again, it was apparent our little Snowy had many, many layers I was just finding out about.
Swan looked at me, appraising the situation. I couldn't tell if he was trying to figure out the truthfulness of what Snowy just said to him or if he was figuring out the best way to knock me out.
"Dude," I said, raising my hands defensively. "I won't insist on that promise if you're not OK with it." Yeah, that was also a bit 'political' of me, but I did want to do anal with Snowy - although I really didn't care if I was her first or twenty-first.
He smiled at me - and it wasn't a fake smile, because his eyes were also smiling. He turned to Snowy: "Honey, does that mean a lot to you? Letting Mark do it first?"
"I know that is really a lot to ask, but..." Snowy bit her lip. "Yeah. I want to keep my promises if I can - and Mark is-"
Swan stopped her by putting her finger on her lips: "Baby, I know you do. And I don't mind. Just as long as I get to be the second."
"Awww," Snowy said. "You are always my first, even if you get to be the second in this little, tiny bit."
"Love you, baby," Swan replied and kissed her.
Feeling this was supposed to be their moment, I got up from their bed and headed to the bathroom. After freshening up, I checked Lydia in our bedroom. She was still fast asleep and probably unaware of all the arrangements that were being made.
* * *
About half an hour later, the three of us finished our breakfast on the terrace and were lazily chilling there. The day was absolutely perfect - not a cloud in the sky and a light breeze blowing from the northeast was just right to prevent any heat from building up too early. Crickets were chirping their never-ending song all around us, and our zen was simply fantastic. Lydia was still asleep, and we all missed her there.
"Swan," I called him out. "I think you need to go and wake Lydia up."
"You think?" Swan asked, probably checking again if he hadn't heard it wrong, even though we made that part of our freedoms pretty clear earlier in the morning.
"Guess she won't get out of the bed unless properly awoken," I threw him a hint.
Swan threw a quick glance at Snowy, who was lying in the deck chair next to him. "Well, what are you waiting for?" Snowy asked him and then pushed him gently to get up. "Go get her, she ain't gonna come herself."
"Or maybe she will, if no one goes there to help her," I said.
"Well, I guess, if I promised..." Swan said, accentuating the 'promised' part, and got up in one smooth movement.
"The sleeping beauty needs the magic of your wand!" I yelled after him as he was briskly walking toward the bedroom. Snowy snorted and almost spilled the glass of water she was holding in her hand.
I moved to Swan's position without hesitation. If Swan was about to fuck Lydia, I didn't think either Snowy or I were supposed to sit idly and wait for them to finish. From the way Snowy was staring at me, it was obvious she agreed. Yes, this wasn't the first time we'd have sex, but there was a definite desire to do it one-on-one, just her and me giving each other one hundred percent of focus and energy. And it wasn't just physical - for some reason, even though we haven't been in contact for a while, I felt really deeply connected to her on every level, and the feeling seemed to be mutual. We weren't in love, but there was definitely something in the air.
I barely managed to lie down, and she got up from her deck chair and sat on my legs. Her spread thighs revealed her glorious pussy was already as wet as Niagara Falls in the spring.
"So, where were we..." she said as she cupped my balls. "Oh, yes. I believe we need to give this beautiful morning a proper salute."
"Well, I am saluting it already," I said, my eyes pointing at my already completely stiff cock.
"Oh, my... Yes, you are," Snowy said, grabbing my junk and pulling my foreskin down. Precum was already lubricating a good portion of my shaft.
"However," I raised my finger significantly. "I believe this should be a two-way activity."
"And what do you propose?" Snowy asked, biting her lower lip and licking it with her long tongue.
I pulled myself up into a sitting position and wrapped my hands around Snowy's bootylicious ass, squeezing it hard. "I believe we should be efficient. You know, I do you, you do me - all at the same time."
"Ooh, I like that," Snowy nodded, and added a loud moan as I pinched her nipple hard with my two fingers. We started kissing hard, our hands exploring each other bodies. We never did standard foreplay before, and it just felt right. She had soft, silky skin and just the right number of soft bits in just the right places on her body for squeezing and fondling. And, of course, there were her magnificent tits and ass, which were both in a prize-winning condition. She was sexy as hell, and at that moment, I felt fortunate to be able to freely have sex with her without any consequences.
We were both horny as hell, and she was already sliding her wet cunt up and down my shaft and my balls. Every time I pinched or bit one of her hard, erect nipples, she released a hearty, deep moan, practically calling me out to do it even harder.
"What if someone... Oooh... Comes here?" Snowy the Shy emerged and asked in between Snowy the Slut's moans.
"We'll tell them to go away... Or ask them to stay and watch if you want?" I grinned.
Snowy smiled devilishly, but a hint of uncertainty was seen in her eyes. She considered the audience but definitely wasn't sure about wanting one.
"We'll cross that bridge when we get there," Snowy finally replied. "Now, let's get serious. We don't want to be the slackers in the group, do we?"
"Definitely not. Will you turn around and bring your majestic pussy closer to my lips, please?"
"Why, sir, It'd be my pleasure," Snowy replied in her best impression of Georgia Peach accent. She got up, quickly lowered the headrest of the deck chair to put it in a horizontal position, and sat on my face. My nose immediately slid inside her wet, swollen pussy lips. She had the beautiful musky scent of a pussy that has been appropriately used in the recent past and was dripping all over my nose, mouth, and cheeks. I gave an involuntary shudder as my senses got overwhelmed.
I felt my cock slapping her face as it twitched in an attempt to get even harder and bigger than it already was. Snowy chuckled and grabbed it, engulfing it in her mouth in one brisk coordinated movement of her hand and upper body. I concluded it would be rude of me to hesitate, so I spread her outer labia with my fingers, allowing my tongue and mouth to explore the full width and length of Snowy's sex. She appreciated that, showing it by giving out a loud, moany "Yeiiisssss!"
I took my time to get to know her in detail by exploring every nook, every cress of her crotch, kissing, licking, and touching her from her pubic bone to her asshole. She reacted to the latter by first moving away slightly, but that lasted only a few seconds. Slowly, she pushed her ass back into the position where I could reach it with my tongue, obviously deciding she liked it a lot as she visibly relaxed her sphincter and allowed me to keep on working her back door.
"Oh, this feels good!" Snowy moaned as my tongue pushed ever deeper into her anus while my fingers were toying with her small, swollen clitoris.
"Oh, fuck, this feels good," I mimicked her moan sincerely. She was working on my junk with fantastic expertise. Her hands were on my balls, my shaft, the tip of my cock, interchanging with her soft, full lips. Finally, her finger slid down my taint and up my crack. "Yeah, just that!" I exclaimed almost involuntarily upon her decision to rub my pucker.
"How far - OH, JESUS, YESSS - can I go?" Snowy managed to ask a question in between moans and pants she was releasing.
"Stay on the outside," I replied, receiving almost instant double-finger rub of my asshole. "Uuumph... But don't stop." And she didn't.
Neither did I. I gave all of myself into the play, not caring about my own pleasure even one bit. I rubbed her clit, tongue-fucked her pussy, fingered both of her holes... And in almost no time, I was rewarded with Snowy's trademark pre-orgasm yelp.
"Ohfuckohfuckohfuckohfuuuuuck!" came out of Snowy's mouth as her body trembled in pleasure above me, trying to suppress her volume and failing spectacularly. Besides all the neighbors in the hundred-yard radius, anyone who was walking the road towards the small coves or into the village probably got the whole audio-show in surround.
And then came the silence. By now, I learned precisely what it meant. In Snowy's case, it was a definite 'quiet before the storm' moment. So, I put myself into overdrive - working all of her sweet spots, rubbing her clit and g-spot, slapping her ass with my free hand, changing the tempo just the way I noticed she enjoyed the most. And then she exploded.
"AAAAAARGH! FUCK YES YES YEEES!" Snowy screamed out as her booty shook violently in wonderful orgasmic spasms. She held on to my hip and my crotch, her fingernails almost penetrating my skin, but it was all more to avoid falling down than to play with me in any way. She was cumming big, my face was being drenched in her juices as she pounded her snatch in it repeatedly. Yet, in the middle of it, instead of stopping, she quickly got up, turned around, set herself on top of my cock, and sat on it. I went in balls deep without any resistance, and she produced yet another loud moan in the process.
To my surprise, where I was expecting her to start riding me furiously, she decided to go slow and long. She raised up almost to the point where I would fall out of her, only to slide slowly down until she had my whole shaft packed in her tight pussy.
We kissed, we fondled, we stared deep into each other's eyes as we fucked in the morning sun, while the thousands of crickets were chirping their infinite song and leaves were gently rustling in the slowly rising summer wind. I loved my girlfriend, no doubt about it, but an incredibly deep connection was forming between Snowy and me. If anyone tried to convince me that one can have genuine romantic feelings for only one person at one time, at that moment, I knew the claim was dead wrong.
"Oh man, this is so damn amazing," Snowy said as she rode me without haste. Since she already came, she was feeling completely relaxed and wanted to stretch our fun to last as long as possible.
I nodded, confirming her claim. I slapped her ass a few times, which she evidently took to liking. Slowly moving my hand across her butt cheek with every slap, my fingers located her asshole and started circling it.
"But let's wait with the big one for now, OK?" Snowy said between her moans.
"OK," I said, already breathing hard. "I'm too close to cumming anyway."
"Well, why don't you say," Snowy suddenly perked up, putting a naughty grin on her face. She straightened up, putting her hands on my chest, and quickened her tempo immediately. Suddenly, she was in a blur of the motion, her ass slapped my thighs loudly as she rode me, and I was pulling hard on her nipples. At the same time, she rubbed herself vigorously and impaled on my cock hard and fast.
"Oh my god, I'm gonna cum!" I yelled out, very loudly.
"Ohfuckohfuckohfuckohfuuuuuck!" came out of Snowy's mouth, as if my announcement of orgasm was just the thing she needed to go over the edge again. And that made me lose any sense of control.
I felt the first wave of my orgasm hit me just as she went silent. I pulled out as quickly as possible, and she started sliding her dripping pussy up and down my shaft as if it was a rail made for her personal pleasure. Semen squirted out of my dick all the way up to my chest as I groaned and shook in bliss.
"OH FUCK YESSSSSS!" Snowy screamed her lungs out when her second orgasm struck. She rubbed herself crazy on my still spurting member, kissing me hard and practically yelling into my mouth as she was unable to control herself. Even though I have now witnessed more than a few of her orgasms, it was always a joy to watch and feel another one.
Slowly and gently, as she felt my cock getting softer and softer underneath her swollen labia, she stopped moving. Finally, she collapsed on top of me while breathing slowly and heavily. We both chuckled lightly, feeling spent and satisfied.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I was aware that Swan and Lyd were or had been most likely doing the same thing that Snowy and I did. Still, I couldn't even begin to consider it as something that should bother me. I was actually thrilled that everyone felt so happy in this arrangement, and I wanted it to last forever. So I felt a pang of sadness when I remembered that Snowy and Swan planned on leaving sometime today.
"God, I could never imagine being so horny," Snowy finally spoke out loud after a few minutes of silence, derailing my train of thoughts. "This is the best I ever felt in my life, honestly."
"Same here," I confirmed, kissing her gently on her forehead. Then I sighed and asked the question. "Do you really need to go today?"
Snowy raised her head from my chest, and a smeared fleck of my semen on her cheek glistened in the sun. "Wait, that's... That's today?" She seemed genuinely surprised.
"Well, yeah," I nodded. "Remember - two nights with us, and then you move on to the next island."
"Oh, no way... Uh-uh, ain't happening!" Snowy shook her head vigorously. "I am staying with you until you want me here. Swan is also staying - and if he wants to go, he'll have to go without me."
The strength of her proclamation surprised me. Snowy actually said she would pick Lydia and me over her boyfriend, and not just a boyfriend but the guy who seemed to be 'the one.' I looked at her significantly, and she noticed it immediately.
"What? Oh, don't look at me like that," she said, smiling a full smile. "I won't actually do that - you know I can be dramatic sometimes."
"Nope, I don't," I said honestly. "The new you didn't spend that much time with me."
"Oh, come on," Snowy playfully smacked my shoulder. "Swan's my man. I love you, guys, but I wouldn't dump him on a whim. Also, I'll talk him into staying. And I doubt that Lyd isn't working on securing our longer stay as we..."
Her words were interrupted by smacking of flip-flops on the stairs leading down to our terrace. Before we had any chance of moving from our current position, our lovely thirty-something, tanned, dark-haired, and perpetually smiling landlady, Anna was walking toward us. She must have seen us staring at her like two deer in the headlights. Still, she showed absolutely no sign of seeing anything unusual. OK, Snowy did tell us yesterday that Swan and she were on a beach with Anna, all in the buff and as if they were best buds, but this was something else - this was Snowy lying naked on me, and Anna knew very well that Lydia and I were an item.
"Hey!" Anna greeted us, full of vigor. "Good morning to you! Are you enjoying your vacation?"
Snowy got up from me awkwardly, definitely stunned by the unexpected arrival, trying to appear relaxed and fulfilling her inner 'New Snowy' role. However, she completely forgot that she was lying on me, covered with my own cum, which smeared between us. So, Snowy stood up, only to show big, shiny patches of half-crusted semen covering her right cheek, both breasts and, of course, her crotch. I facepalmed myself inwardly, expecting our dear host to conclude that enough was enough and it was time for us to pack and leave.
"Hi, Anna," said Snowy insecurely. "Wasn't expecting you..." she trailed off, not really knowing what to say.
"Oh, my, I am so sorry," Anna apologized, holding her palms up. She scanned Snowy and me quickly, and she certainly noticed our 'body paint' in the process, but she quickly returned her gaze to our eye levels. "I should knock next time; I am so rude!" Her eyes moved expediently down my body, stopping for a few seconds to examine my crotch, and then swiftly moving back to my face. Well, what the hell...
"Oh, no, it's OK," I said hastily, getting up from the deck chair. "We were just... Enjoying the morning."
"That's great!" Anna chirped. "You already feel the energy of this place. It is the best in the World!"
"Um..." Snowy interjected, now seeing how I had smears all over my torso and almost rolling her eyes. She took a second to remember to say anything not related to how we looked. "My boyfriend - you know, the tall Asian guy - and me were thinking... Is it OK if we stay a bit more in the apartment with Mark and Lydia?"
Anna smiled from ear to ear hearing Snowy's question. She waved her hand dismissively: "Of course, darling. You can stay as long as your friends are here - I charge for the apartment, not per person. I am so happy that you like it here!"
"Great, great," Snowy said with relief. One less obstacle in her pursuit of staying in Zuljana. An awkward silence ensued, as both Snowy and I felt self-conscious.
"Oh, my... I forget myself all the time..." said Anna with a chuckle after she suddenly realized we were waiting for her to speak. "I came to invite you all to dinner tonight at our house."
"Wha... Really?" Snowy asked as if she was never invited anywhere in her life.
"Of course!" Anna dismissed her as if inviting someone home for dinner was her daily routine. "I will make a special dinner, my husband went out fishing this morning, and he caught some great fish."
Snowy and I exchanged looks. There we were, standing naked in front of our landlady. She treated our nudity and the evident post-coital state as if it was the most normal thing in the world while she was inviting us for dinner at her house.
I decided to abandon all my shyness. Hell - if this woman didn't care, why would we. "Sure. If it's not a problem, I mean. We'd love to come."
Anna waved her finger mockingly at me: "How can it be a problem? That's why I came here, not just to see you two enjoying our sun. Anyway - come to our house at 7:30. Deal?"
"Sure," I nodded. "How will we recognize your house?"
"Come with me," Anna said, heading towards the steps. I hesitated. She turned around. "Oh, come on. No one cares if you are nude here."
I looked at Snowy, who shrugged. Even if someone saw me, what difference would it make? So I followed Anna up towards the road. Once we got up there, she stood next to me and pointed towards the row of houses slightly uphill from our position. As she did that, she put her hand on my lower back. "You see houses there?"
"Yeah."
"So, to get there, you go straight here down the road, but don't turn into the village. Instead, go for twenty meters straight and then turn left. Just go up that street, and then go right at the end. Our house is the yellow one, you will see a black Mercedes in front."
All in all, it seemed to be maybe a couple minutes' walk from our apartment. As there was only one yellow house, and it was a pretty big house, it was hard to miss. "OK, great. Do we bring anything?"
"Um, no," Anna said, looking at me like I said something wrong. "Only you and your beautiful girlfriends and boyfriend." She smiled wide again, showing rows of perfect white teeth.
I nodded, smirking inwardly at her description of the gang. "Thank you. This is really becoming a vacation to remember."
"Oh, darling. Everyone remembers Zuljana until they die," said Anna mysteriously, winking at me as she began walking away. She was wearing a tunic that flew around her, and I could swear that, as she twirled again to wave at me, I noticed she had nothing underneath. This place seemed to induce nudity in anyone who was here.
Only after she left, I suddenly realized I was standing in the middle of the road completely naked. And a middle-aged couple was walking towards me, carrying grocery bags. Not to appear like I was suddenly struck with a bout of self-consciousness, I stood there for a bit, waiting for them to pass. We greeted cordially, me in English and two of them in some other language, without giving any hint of reaction to my lack of clothing. Just like Anna said - no one cares if you're nude here.
I came back down to the terrace, where I found Lydia and Swan laughing with Snowy, as she apparently described our encounter with our hostess. They looked at me, and Lydia ran to kiss me as soon as she noticed me coming. The kiss was hot and passionate - and seasoned with the intense fragrance of Eau de penis. I snickered, knowing full well that I probably tasted of Snowy's pussy and my own cum.
"Morning, babe," I said, checking her top to bottom as she moved away.
"Morning, stallion," Lydia returned the greeting. "So, you gave our dear host a sight to remember, and then went up to the road for some alone time with her?"
"Well, if I ever saw someone less bothered with all that..." I replied.
"Did she see you hard or only in the sleeping mode?" Lydia asked.
"Only limp-dicked," I described. "It was... The way she acted, I forgot I was naked after a minute. People here really don't care about nudity."
"Awesome!" Lydia said. "Does that mean I don't even have to put my clothes on when I go to the beach?"
I grinned immediately. Also, my cock suddenly decided to wake from its deserved rest. "Guess not. But, it's one thing to see me naked, and another..."
"What?"
"Well, I won't make some random stranger horny if he sees me."
"You think we girls don't get all wet when we see a hot naked guy?"
"Of course you do, just..."
"No just... If I ran into you you walking like that, all cocky and handsome, I'd probably have to rub myself off immediately after getting home." Lydia said, kissing me on the lips and petting my half-erected cock gently.
"Nice to know," I said proudly. "Want me to do it now?"
"Oh, no," Lydia said. "Swan just gave me a really nice lesson on hard wake-up." Her eyes twinkled as her gaze turned to Swan, who was gently caressing Snowy and whispering something in her ear.
As Lyd and I went inside to concoct some breakfast, Snowy and Swan remained outside to talk some more. There was still that small detail of their staying or leaving today. Snowy accepted the invitation for dinner tonight without consulting with Swan, probably hoping that would tip the scale if there was even the slightest possibility of them actually sticking with there original plan. After a few minutes, they came inside.
"We're staying, guys," Swan announced, "under one condition."
Lydia looked at him sternly. "Really? And what would that condition be?"
"That we split the rent for this place," Swan asserted. "I mean, we're sharing everything else, why not the costs as well?"
Lydia and I looked at each other and then at Snowy. She looked like a little puppy who saw a treat being carried her way. If she had a tail, she would've wagged it furiously. Then Lydia looked back at me, and we both acted as if we're giving the proposal a hard thought.
"Deal," Lydia said finally, and Snowy ran at her, squealing with joy and waving her hands, then hugging her hard and kissing her all over her face, finishing with a hard, long kiss on the mouth.
Swan looked at me from across the room. We weren't going to do the same routine. We simply nodded at each other and smiled. It was to be four more days of absolute fun.
***
We took a day trip to the Mljet island, which was home to a beautiful National Park. It was an hour-long boat ride from Zuljana. Then we walked for another hour through the woods that even Ulysses himself walked thousands of years ago on his adventures. Unlike the rugged and even somewhat scary-looking Peljesac peninsula (especially when viewed from the sea), Mljet looked like an almost tropical paradise. Gentle green slopes covered in palms and lemon trees, combined with a strong smell of citrus, made the island feel special from the moment we stepped on it.
Once we emerged from the woods, we saw an amazing sight. In the middle of this utterly serene island, there was a lake. Beautiful, turquoise waters gently lapped the shore, and smack in the middle of it was a tiny island with an ancient building on it. Swan immediately came to the idea to swim to the island and began to discard his clothes. At the last moment, Snowy warned him that the place was not nudist-friendly. It was so weird, seeing a guy whose first experience of the nude beach was only yesterday taking his clothes off without a care in the world today. Anyway, he got the message and changed into swimming trunks. I followed suit, and in a minute, we were racing across the pristine (and surprisingly, salty) waters, with girls cheering from the shore. Unfortunately, I grossly overestimated myself and completely neglected the fact that Swan was a semi-professional athlete. He outclassed me like I was a toddler, so halfway there, I gave up and decided to take it slowly. After 10 minutes of me slowly paddling towards the islet lying on the back, a boat approached me. It was full of tourists, including Snowy and Lyd, who were laughing their asses of. After I declined assistance, the boat continued onward. It took me another 15 minutes to get there. It was fun. Afterward, we all went for a swim in a very narrow channel (and by very narrow I mean a dozen or so feet wide) that connected the lake (called 'The Big Lake') with an even smaller lake (called 'The Small Lake' - creative, can't argue) and that basically behaved like a small creek, with water rushing in one of the two directions depending on the tide.
The boat was scheduled to return to Zuljana in the late afternoon. We had a very decent lunch in some touristy restaurant and then opted for another two-hour-long trek through the forest and across a small hill, with a fantastic viewpoint at the top. Unlike the first leg, when we walked to the lake, this route was much more rugged and was not recommended for an average flip-flop wearing tourist. Fortunately for us, we had Snowy, who researched it and told us to bring sneakers or boots if we wanted to take that route. We listened and packed accordingly.
"I can't wait until I can take all of my clothes off, I feel so overdressed," Lydia whispered into my ear from behind as we were entering deep into the forest. Besides the four of us, there were only two women, maybe in their forties, who were taking the same route, but they were lagging behind after only a few minutes, since Swan set the Olympic tempo for us.
"Yeah," I said dismissively, watching my step, "As soon as we get back-" I was interrupted by something soft hitting me in the shoulder and slapping me gently in the face.
"I'm not waiting until we get back," said Lydia, and I grinned as I realized that she threw her panties at me. She was dressed in a tank top and a very short summer skirt, which was primarily meant to be worn as an accessory over the swimsuit bottoms, as it was not intended to hide anything at all. I turned around only to see her removing her top.
"This is better," she proclaimed, twirling around to lift her skirt and proudly flash her ass.
"Oh my God, she's doing it again!" Snowy exclaimed, pulling Swan's arm.
"Who's doing..." Swan began the question but neglected to finish it as soon as he turned around. His jaw went slack, even though he saw Lydia in all forms of nakedness by now.
"Lyd, honey, why leave the skirt on?" I asked jokingly once she started to walk beside us. I was all up for her exhibitionist fun, though I didn't know what the policy on nudity on this island was.
Lydia looked at me for a second. "You know what, you're right," she said, pulling the skirt down and leaving only her sneakers on. She was a naked trekker, something I only dreamed about meeting in nature. "What about you, guys?"
"Whoaaaa!" Snowy panicked. "I don't know if I'm ready to show myself like that. I'm..." she stopped to think about what she was going to say next. Yet again, the Old 'Snowy the Shy' conflicted with the New 'Snowy the Slut' in her head. "Those women are just behind us, I can't..."
And, just on cue, the ladies came into our view. As soon as Lydia noticed them, she went even further by drinking water from a bottle and conveniently pouring some of it on her boobs. Without any doubt, she was seen. And the reaction she caused was two broad smiles and chuckles. The ladies both walked by us, greeting us in German or some similar language and continuing to very deliberately not talk about the naked Lydia they just passed by. Once they believed they were out of our ear's reach, they began commenting and laughing. As it seemed, they didn't mind.
"There you go," I told Snowy. "Ladies seemed perfectly happy to see a naked young lady. Imagine how happy they would be to see two naked young ladies?"
"You are insane!" Snowy said, but there was definitely no conviction behind her words. She stared at us, especially when Lydia took a moment to stretch a bit for her pleasure, probably waiting for us to continue convincing her or to shut up and keep moving. As we stood quietly, she sighed and turned around - only to find her dear boyfriend wearing the same attire as Lydia. Snowy jumped back in surprise, and Lydia and I began laughing our asses off.
"You weren't expecting that, did you?" Swan asked casually, with his hands on his hips.
"What happened to you?" Snowy punched him in the arm. "I never thought you'd be the guy waving his prick out in the open."
"Is that a bad thing?" Swan asked, hoping that Snowy didn't consider this as crossing some weird line. As in - fucking her friends is acceptable, but walking around naked is not.
"No, no," Snowy raised her hands, palms up in apology. "You are a sight to behold, trust me. Even with your socks on."
"Thanks," Swan said. "So, we should get moving," he changed the subject. "We have less than three hours 'till our boat leaves, and I think we need more than two hours to do this trek."
"So, you two are gonna do it naked?" Snowy asked, still not fully believing it.
"No," Lydia interjected. "Three of us are gonna do it naked."
Snowy turned around to see me standing naked next to Lydia. I undressed while she was talking to Swan, and it felt amazing. Now the peer pressure was on her, and it was getting stronger.
"Hey, hey," I said, seeing her feeling excluded. "You can stay clothed, no one will judge you or press you for anything. It's a personal choice, not something to prove to others."
I saw her visibly relax as I said that, and Lydia and Swan quickly nodded in agreement. Naturally, as soon as there was no pressure, Snowy relaxed and pulled her summer dress above her head, leaving her in her swimsuit.
"Let's go with this," she said, finding such half-assed solution to be OK with her for the time being.
And thus we began our naked trek. Naturally, it soon became a tease-fest, as we filmed each other walking around naked, girls grabbing our dicks like leashes and leading us through the forest, Lydia taking every opportunity to bend over when walking in front of us, Swan and I walking with massive hard-ons and slapping girls' asses with them... It was terrific fun. It took Snowy some fifteen minutes to take off her top, and another ten to remove the bottoms, to our great delight.
After some three-quarters of an hour, we were approaching the peak, which was the half-way point of the trek. The last bit of the trail, which was two-way on that part, was a steep climb, and we even needed to use our hands to grab whatever we could to pull ourselves up. It was hot, we were sweaty, and we were horny from constant teasing. So, we completely forgot about the two ladies, right until the moment when we reached the top and practically bumped into them. Bot Swan and I were nursing at least semis, tending more towards full hard-ons, and the girls' juices were almost dripping out of them.
"Oh, Hello," said one of the ladies, her eyes bulging as she spotted us.
"Hi," said Lydia, playing all casual, even though she was squeezing Snowy's boobs and calling the left one 'Dem' and the right one 'GOP' less than a minute ago.
The ladies were sitting down on a big rock, relaxing and obviously staring at the magnificent view in front and below us. Well, they were now staring at us. And smiling.
I decided to follow Lydia's suit by acting as if I was completely clothed, and it was the most usual situation in the world. I stopped just behind Lydia, amazed by the scenery. It was so unbelievably beautiful that I completely forgot about being naked, about the ladies, about anything except the view. And it wasn't just me. Swan and Snowy stoop next to us, their jaws open. Below us were the lakes, the forests - basically, half of the island. And right in front of us was the magnificent blue sea, full of sailboats, speedboats, and all other imaginable vessels cruising east to west.
"Wow," finally said Snowy, after we stood there for more than a few minutes. "This is..."
"Unbelievable," Swan finished her sentence.
And then we heard giggles behind us. In our complete and utter bewilderment, we positioned ourselves right in front of the ladies, blocking most of the scenery and replacing it with the view of our backs and butts.
I turned around, suddenly realizing the context. "Oh, I'm... Sorry, we didn't mean to..." I stammered at them.
"Oh no, no!" one of them waved her hand dismissively, speaking in a strong German accent. "We don't mind at all."
"But we stepped in your view," I continued, not taking in the clear implication.
"But you are the view," said the second one, and they both started to laugh. "Even better than nature," she continued.
This made Lydia turn around and smile at them. "Thank you," she said proudly.
"No. Thank you!" said the first lady. "You made our day. It is so nice to see young, healthy people having fun."
Now we were all facing them. The second one said something in German to the first one, and it seemed they were talking about Swan since they both were throwing quick glances at him while they conversed. They soon noticed we were quiet and staring at them, so they stopped.
"I'm sorry," said the second one. "It was rude. I told my friend that you are all very handsome people, and especially this boy here has a body like a sculpture." She pointed at Swan.
"Thank you, ma'am," Swan replied politely, shuffling his feet self-consciously.
Both ladies were in good shape. Their age (which I guesstimated to be somewhere around the early forties) showed graciously, and the second one was so fit looking that many younger girls were probably envious. The first one had slight love-handles and carried a couple of extra pounds, but nothing that would be considered overweight or damaging to her looks. Her face was beautiful, though.
"Oh, he is shy," the first lady commented Swan's demeanor. "Don't worry, my friend is an artist and works in an art museum as a... how do you call it in English..." she snapped her fingers at the second one, unable to remember the proper term.
"Curator?" asked Snowy helpfully before the second lady gave her reply.
"Yes!" said the second lady.
"Nice!" said Snowy. "I always loved art, especially Greek sculptures."
"Well, I see you have one here with you," the second one pointed at Swan again. He really looked like he was sculpted. "Well, except one detail."
"What?" asked Snowy, ready to defend her boyfriend's perfection.
"Greek sculptures are usually a bit... smaller, you know," the second lady giggled again.
"I don't... Oh... Riiight," Snowy finally caught the compliment the lady gave to Swan. She proudly checked his junk and smiled. And then she realized the ladies were talking about her man's junk. "Hey, look, don't touch!"
Ladies started to laugh like crazy. Lydia, who was the instigator of the whole shenanigan, quietly enjoyed the entire scene, and her face showed she was daydreaming. I stepped in front of her with my back turned to her and extended my hand to probe her pussy, using the fact that the ladies were focused on our friends. Lydia was so wet that her thighs were slippery from all the juices. She shuddered and bit my shoulder.
"Don't touch me again unless you plan to fuck me here and now," she whispered into my ear. And, as things usually go, that was enough to entice my cock into the full salute mode. It rose in seconds like a flagpole. Covered by nothing, visible by anyone in the vicinity. I tried to quietly shuffle back and behind Lydia, but the first lady caught my movement in her peripheral vision and turned toward me. Her mouth did a silent 'Oh' as she saw my rocket. Still, she quickly gathered herself, obviously not wanting to appear lewd or to make me uncomfortable. Her mouth turned into a smile, and she nodded slightly. It made me relax - I was primarily worried that my erection would make them feel uncomfortable. Since that was obviously not the case, I stopped caring. Her friend was still chatting with Snowy and Swan about art and her job and whatever, and they were focused on each other until the moment Snowy glanced towards Lydia and me and saw my glory. She barely held herself from laughing out loud, and as her hand flew to her mouth, the second lady followed her gaze.
"Oh, god," said the second lady as she saw me. "That is a very nice erection, dear boy."
That was it. We all burst out laughing like crazy. This middle-aged woman was appraising Swan and me like we were some works of art in her museum. Every time I thought to myself that this trip couldn't get any crazier, I was quickly proven wrong. The scene wasn't even so sexual (well, except to Lydia, who seemed to be showing strong signs of serious exhibitionist fetish), and it felt comfortable in its openness.
"I hope I'm not offending you somehow," I said. "It's just... You know, it happens. Can't help it."
The second lady waved at me dismissively, while the first lady shook her head vigorously. "Oh, no, not at all," the first lady said. "It is perfectly normal and healthy. And we know you don't control your, um, mister."
"Heh, heh," Lydia snickered. "Mister, I like that."
"OK, well, penis," the lady corrected herself. "I wanted to be polite."
Out of the blue, Lydia grabbed my 'mister' and tugged on it gently upwards, acting as if she was talking to it directly. "You hear that, mister? Lady wanted to be polite. Guess she doesn't know you are anything but polite when you want something."
This created another bout of laughter between all of us. I had a feeling that, whatever we did, it felt cool and normal. The ladies were obviously on vacation as well and seemed to be completely relaxed.
"I'm Snowy, by the way," Snowy interrupted the dying laughter by extending her hand at the ladies. "The Greek sculpture here is my boyfriend Swan, and the two jokers are Mark and Lydia."
The first lady extended her hand to shake it. "Hi, I am Inga, and my crazy divorced friend who looks at penises is Francziska. Where are you from?"
"The States," Snowy replied quickly. "From all over, but we all go to the same University."
"Ah, nice," said Francziska. "We're from Berlin. We're Germans, so we're used to naked people and erections. But we still like to see them whenever we can!"
"We should head out slowly, or we'll miss the boat," said Swan after a few minutes of pleasant small talk, checking the time on his phone.
"Oh, my, yes! We don't want to miss the boat," exclaimed Inga, suddenly getting up from the stone she was sitting on.
"Let's walk together," I said casually. "You are catching the boat in Pomena, right?"
"Yes, I think so," said Inga uncertainly. "We are going to... Franci?"
"Zuljana," replied Francziska.
"Great, so we're probably on the same boat," I concluded.
"And we have an hour and a half until the boat leaves - with almost the same time to walk to the pier," Swan warned.
"Well then, let's hurry up," Snowy said and took the lead of our descent.
For the first half of the return leg, we walked totally naked - well, the four of us, not the ladies. And they accepted us at face value, not caring one bit that we were unclothed. Even as we passed a few surprised trekkers on their way up, the ladies acted completely normal, said hello to people, and continued talking to us.
Inga owned a small arts & crafts equipment shop in Berlin, which was renowned in the artists' circles. Francziska was, as was already mentioned, a curator in one of Berlin's most visited art museums. Also, Franci (shortened from her full name) was freshly divorced (unlike Inga, who was happily married), and the ladies decided to have a girls-only vacation in Croatia.
"You know, I remember how we were always going to FKK (which she pronounced as Eff-Cah-Cah) with my parents when I was young," said Franci. "I don't think I owned a swimming suit until I was a teenager."
"FKK?" Lydia asked the question on all of our minds.
"Oh. It's German for places where people can go and be nude. You know, beaches, camps, hotels... We always went camping."
"And when you grew up?" Snowy asked, now curious about the subject.
"Ah, you know. Life. I went on holidays with my friends, and they were not into FKK, so I forgot with time," Franci reminisced, sounding almost as if she regretted it. "You know, that was a great time. I think we were much less worried about how we looked back then. Now..." she didn't finish as her mind wandered off.
"You are worried about how you look?" Lydia asked. "Because if you are, I can only tell you that you worry for nothing. You could go to FKK and be the star of the show."
This made Franci smile sincerely. "Thank you for the compliment. But you are so perfect, I don't think I can compare-"
"Ah, Franci, shut up," Inga interrupted her jovially, "you can be a model compared to me, and I think I look pretty OK for my age and three kids." It was kind of them to talk in English between them, which they did merely out of politeness so we can participate.
"Ladies," I interrupted. "You're both MILFs, and that's it. Far, far from any need to be shy about yourselves."
"See, Franci?" Inge continued. "The boy with a big erection says we are still sexy. So it must be true."
It caused another wave of laughter. My erection subsided way back when we started walking, but I was in an almost constant state of half-mast.
"Well, if you ask Peter..." Franci spat out the name she mentioned.
"Is that your ex?" Snowy asked, even though the answer was self-evident.
"Yes," Franci confirmed.
"And you give a fuck about what he thinks?" Snowy exclaimed, surprising all of us with the tone.
"Ah, the idiot found some young fotze," Inge said with a significant note of anger and bitterness. "And the bastard told my dear Franci she's not pretty anymore when she found out and kicked him out."
"Hey," Franci interrupted and continued talking in German to Inga for the first time since we formed a group. Inga replied sternly - or maybe it sounded that way because of the language - and then spoke to us in English again.
"I'm sorry, I may have said stuff Franci doesn't want to talk about."
Franci grunted loudly. "No, no. It's actually OK. I better talk about it, you know."
"Oh, we wouldn't like to-" I started to apologize for us - well, Snowy, to be precise - making her uncomfortable.
"My dear ex-husband is a man who likes to have fun," Franci continued without acknowledging me. "So, he had fun. Sometimes without me. But he definitely crossed the line when he brought some young girl to our home and then got mad at me for being unreasonable. He told me I should not be surprised because I am not getting any prettier, and men like him need pretty young girls to make them happy."
"And then you kicked him out of the house and filed for divorce?" Lydia asked.
"Yes," Franci confirmed. "I could live with him not being faithful here and there - but not with the insult. Son of a bitch!"
"Oh, Franci!" Lydia called out and immediately changed lanes to get to the now slightly embarrassed lady. She stepped in front of her and hugged her. Franci seemed uncomfortable for a moment, but then she accepted the hug and leaned firmly into Lydia's naked body. After some time, they broke off, both smiling, and with Franci holding a tear in her eye.
"Thank you," Franci mouthed to Lydia, which I noticed as I was standing just next to them. Women understood women. Franci, who we knew for less than an hour, just told us her most significant private trauma. And it was clear she just needed someone to console her on the fly. Lydia got it perfectly.
"I have an idea!" Snowy suddenly yelled out. She ran towards Swan and whispered something to him. He listened carefully, seeming surprised at first, but then he smiled and nodded. Snowy rechecked him and saw him reconfirm his agreement. Then she came to me and told me her idea. I thought it was awesome!
She then called the remaining women to gather around her, and she told them. Lydia, naturally, was all for it. Inga also liked it and nodded at Snowy with a mean grin on her face, explaining some more and giving Snowy some additional ideas. Franci... it took a while to talk her into it. Well, it took Inga telling her something in German, and then waving her arms around, and then explaining some more to the hesitant woman. Finally, Francziska reluctantly nodded and agreed.
"OK," Franci said to all of us and to no one in particular, now smiling at the prospect of the plan that was about to unravel. "Is this OK with you, girls? Sure about it?"
"I suggested it, haven't I," Snowy concluded as a reply.
"Hey, we are walking around naked, with erections and shit," Lydia replied. "This is nothing."
"Oh, this will be great!" Inge jumped excitedly like a little girl.
Swan and I approached Franci, each of us from one side, and wrapped our hands around her shoulders. We took a casual stance, allowing our bodies to have as much contact with Franci as possible, without it being too sexual in nature. Inga pulled out her phone and started taking pictures. With every photo taken, the three of us relaxed some more. We kissed Franci on her cheeks, leaned into her, gave her tight hugs... She was lean and felt like someone who exercised regularly. We also noticed she had no bra on her, which was not noticeable under her loose shirt and due to the fact she had smaller boobs. Still, without exchanging a word between us, both Swan and I kept it 'professional' by not trying to push any further than Franci felt comfortable with. With all her apparent bravado in the conversations we had, it was another thing when two young naked guys made physical contact with her. She didn't mind, but it seemed that she wasn't ready to act on it in any explicit manner. She visibly flinched every time one of our cocks touched her anywhere, but her face showed calmness, which, to be honest, wasn't entirely there.
Naturally, as things go, both Swan and I quickly began to grow. Instead of showing embarrassment, Franci used it to make a few of 'Oh, my' faces for the camera, pointing at our members. Her pupils dilated, and there was no question that the sight of our rising members stirred something in her, but she still wasn't up for showing it outwardly. Swan and I followed her lead, nodding imperceptibly at each other.
"Grab them!" Lydia yelled out in the midst of it, causing Franci to stop and look at her, and then at us. Snowy also gave Lydia a sidelong glance but withheld any comments.
"Oh, I don't..." Franci stammered. She looked at Inga, who was obviously sending her a telepathic 'Hey, if I was you...' Then she looked at Swan and me, as we stood patiently beside her. "I mean, it's one thing to..."
"Oh, come on, it's just cocks!" Lydia continued assertively. "Just grab one in each hand for the show. Let's let your bastard ex know that young studs think you are beautiful."
"And take off your clothes," added Inga, to our complete surprise. Girls on the 'production crew' giggled at the suggestion. However, it had the opposite effect from what they expected.
"No... I can't go there like this." Franci said finally, withdrawing from the session. "This is enough. Thank you, boys." She kissed each of us on the cheek, and we said it was no trouble at all. If I was to guess, she was probably dripping wet, but there was no chance in hell she'd show it to anyone. If it was just her and one of us, or both of us guys without an audience, I'd bet on a very different sequence of events.
Thankfully, the rest of the walk remained relaxed. Inga lamented on whether she should send the pictures to Franci's ex, or if Franci should do it herself, but they decided to postpone the decision until they reexamine the photos with clear head later in the evening.
We got dressed before returning to the original starting point of the trek, as it marked the return into the crowded part of the route. Even though we all complained about 'the stupid norms of the society' and our new German friends said they wouldn't mind having us nude around them the whole day, we had to conform and become 'regulars' (or 'textiles,' as Franci said they called clothed people in their FKK camps). Lydia looked like she was an alley cat who got forcibly dressed by some crazy owner. She mentioned more than a few times how she was going to start a movement for freedom of nudity.
We got to the boat just in time, hopping on as one of the last arrivals. On the ride back to Zuljana, we talked to the ladies some more, mostly because they were amazingly cool. First of all, we learned they were staying in the village of Trstenik, just five miles away, and they were here for another four days. After that, they talked about Berlin nightlife (it sounded spectacular, both now and especially when they were younger), how they remembered the Berlin Wall coming down (Franci was actually born in East Berlin, and lived there as a child until the Wall fell down). Their lives seemed to be amazing, and their young days sounded like they were full of adventures, so we all quickly became entranced.
On the other hand, they asked us a lot about what it was like being a student in the US these days. They were shocked when we told them how much is college tuition nowadays - in Germany, it was practically free to go to college. They were genuinely interested in each of our stories and kept saying how they loved our attitude towards freedom. Engulfed in conversation, we barely noticed the boat was already docking in Zuljana.
"Oh, wow," I said as the boat started to maneuver in its final approach. "Time really flies when you're having fun."
"Yes, of course," Inge said, smiling from ear to ear. "You are wonderful young people, and it was so great meeting you!"
"You made my day, definitely," Franci added and winked, making us all laugh.
As we exited the boat and walked off the pier, Snowy turned to the ladies. "Hey, I know this is usually a moment where people say goodbye and never see each other again, but..."
"Do you have any social media accounts?" I asked, not knowing what their generation used for communication. "Or maybe phone numbers?"
"Hello?" Franci retorted, feigning insult. "We are not THAT old."
We exchanged contacts quickly and said that we had to definitely see each other again before we all leave the peninsula. Just as we were about to part ways, Franci gave all of us big hugs. "Thank you again. You made my day, and month, and year," she said, smiling from ear to ear.
"Hey, you need to tell us when you send the pictures to your ex," Swan said. "You know, for copyright reasons - I've never had my nude pics sent to unknown people, so I need to claim some royalties."
After some laughing, Inga finally said: "We'll browse through them tonight. You know, in peace and quiet, on the bed..."
"Uuuuh," Lydia immediately caught on. "You're gonna analyze them really thoroughly, then?"
Instead of answering, Inga just winked at Lydia. Well, if the lady was planning on rubbing one off to me and Swan, who was I to complain. I immediately felt stirring in my crotch. Inga maybe was a bit older, but she was definitely a MILF, and I wouldn't hesitate if the opportunity presented itself. Her ass looked great, and I bet she knew a lot of ways to please a man.
"We'll call in the results. And we must have dinner - or, even better, go to the beach one day together!" Inga called out as we already headed toward our apartment, while they entered their car parked in the shade near the pier.
"Definitely!" Snowy replied, waving at them.
***
As soon as we stepped down onto the terrace, Lydia stripped everything off. She peeled the clothes like it was something disgusting, in such a way that we all began teasing her.
"Wow, I didn't know your panties were on fire," I said as she pulled them off by almost tearing them.
"Nah, I think she has ants in them," Snowy added. "I mean, girl, if you have an itch to scratch..."
"I just want to be naked," Lydia replied. "All. The. Time." She stretched out as if the clothes were pressing her down.
"It's been only two days since she tried out being nude in public, imagine that..." I mocked her. "And we're here for another four."
"We'll be drinking coffee here on the terrace tomorrow morning and watching Lydia walk through the village with grocery bags, completely naked," Swan painted a scene. I immediately created a mental image that gave me an erection in return.
"No one cares if you're naked here," Lydia repeated Anna's words. "So, why not?"
"Well, sure. Though, it's one thing no one cares here - like, in this here part of the village where the little nude beaches are. Maybe you wouldn't be such a common sight down there?" Snowy questioned the scope of that statement out loud. "I mean, you do it, girl, I'll be rooting for you, I just hope you don't end up reported for indecent exposure or something like that."
As we talked, we all took our clothes off and were sitting down at the table. It became so routine that we immediately forgot about being naked.
"You know what," Lydia said. "Those ladies are so cool - I want to be like them when I'm older."
"Yeah, only nude," Snowy added, making us laugh again.
"I think they are hot," I said, being the first one to actually comment on their looks out loud.
"Oh, yeah. Franci is a definite MILF," Swan said. "She's in shape."
"Oh, really?" Snowy said jealously. "You liked grinding on her, huh?"
"Um, definitely," Swan nodded. "I mean, you offered us to her like two pieces of man meat, so why not enjoy it?"
"Touch," Snowy replied. "It was kinda hot, watching you do that."
"I was horny from the moment I took my clothes off," Lydia said. "Oh, man..." She pushed her hand between her legs and pulled it out quickly. A substantial amount of pussy juice stretched between her thumb and forefinger. "I am horny now." She flashed a wicked smile, and Swan winked at her.
"You are a beast," I said to her. "I love you so much for opening up like that."
"Yeah, it's exploding out of you like crazy," Snowy said. "Though, I can't say I'm not experiencing something similar." As she said that, she did the same thing as Lydia, and her fingers glistened when she presented them. This made me lick my lips expectantly.
"Swan, we should do something about their problem, don't you think?" I mentioned, acting casually.
"You mean, we should take them to town?" Swan said, getting up from the table and revealing his cock in all its hard glory. He slapped it on the table presentably. "No problem, but I could also use some servicing."
I reached across the table and grabbed his member, squeezing around the shaft. "I think we could all provide each other with some detailed maintenance. What do you think, girls?"
Lydia, who sat next to me, replied by grabbing my cock and pulling down my foreskin. It made me shudder and start jerking off Swan slowly. His lack of foreskin was still weird to me, so I went gently, with Snowy drinking in every second of what I did.
"Snowy, darling, could you do me, please," Lydia asked in a voice that would be impossible to resist even to a Buddhist monk, let alone horny girl with bisexual tendencies.
"Oh, yes. Yes, I would," Snowy replied and went to move under the table. Lydia immediately spread her legs to make her pussy as accessible as possible. As soon as Snowy got between Lydia's legs, she dived in, kissing and licking Lyd's swollen clit.
"Oh, yes, baby! Suck my clit," Lydia moaned, using her free hand to grab Snowy's hair and push her harder into her crotch. "Uuumph, god, how I needed this!" She also started tugging much harder at my cock, which in turn made me groan. We were all strung and turned on for hours and were very close to cumming either way.
"Honey, go on, kiss that pretty cock," Lydia said suddenly. I looked at her, and she was staring at me intently, breathing deeply. "Come on, let me see you do it," she repeated her request.
If anyone asked me two days ago if I would ever touch another man's dick with my hands, let alone with my mouth, I would categorically dismiss it. Now, it was just another curiosity to try out. I looked at Swan, who looked at me expectantly. "Come closer," I told him. He grinned and circled the table.
"I thought you'd never go there," he said, sounding very happy.
"Well, hell. Why not try it and see what the fuss is about," I replied. If it was just some random guy, I would not be interested. But this was a perfect time, perfect place, and ideal company to go where I never thought about going.
His cock was now bobbing inches from my face. The knob was round and regular from all sides, and the cock was really an example of perfect proportions. This close to me, it suddenly seemed huge and impossible to resist.
I wrapped my hand around it again and slowly moved my head forward. As my lips closed the distance, I gently kissed the tip. Tonguing around the hole, I began taking him into my mouth. Swan gasped loudly. So did Lydia. It felt nice and hard and tasted a bit salty.
There we were - two couples, young and full of energy, pleasing each other without any reservations. Snowy was buried deep between Lydia's legs, licking and fingering her snatch towards inevitable explosion. I, meanwhile, bobbed my head, my mouth taking in a dick belonging to Snowy's boyfriend.
For starters, I only took in the first few inches, not trying any expert stuff, but I worked it hard. As a beginner, I decided to go with 'The stuff I'd like to be done to me' system. And, apparently, it worked, judging by Swan's satisfied groans. Encouraged by the positive feedback, I kept going, synchronizing my hand and mouth movement.
It was... Well, it was very different from eating a pussy. It was definitely rougher and not as different from tasting any other part of the skin. If I had to choose between the two and pick a favorite - pussy would win, but dick was also a fun thing to play with. Though, where I felt entirely sure of myself with a female organ, male satisfaction was still somewhat elusive. Knowing how sensitive some parts were, I tried to be considerate not to scratch him with my stubble or teeth.
"You are a natural," Swan complimented me as if he sensed my slight insecurity, and it made me feel all giddy. In response, I grabbed his balls with my free hand and gently squeezed them, while licking his shaft up its whole length. "Oh, man, that is nice," he responded in turn.
Meanwhile, things were heating up even more on the girls' side. Lydia was panting and moaning like crazy, jerking me off at a crazy pace. In any other situation, she would have brought me to the brink of orgasm by now, but my focus on Swan made me barely notice her handcraft. Naturally, the main reason why Lydia was going all berserk was Snowy working her pussy like a woman possessed. Snowy's two fingers were deep inside Lydia, rubbing her G-spot. At the same time, Snowy's tongue and mouth relentlessly processed Lydia's clit in the best imaginable way.
"Aaah, fuuuck!" Lydia yelled out. "God, Snowy, you are sooo good! Mmmmhmmph!" She was now panting, moaning, and blowing air out of her like never before. I've known and fucked Lydia for some time now, but this was new, even to me.
"Jesus, you're wet!" Snowy said as she lifted her head for a second, using her fingers to rub Lydia. "You've never been-"
"AAAAAAAAAAAAAARGH!" Lydia screamed out at that moment. It was so loud that I stopped in my tracks to see if everything was okay with her. And it was. She was doing phenomenal. Her orgasm came like a comet, and she shook, vibrated, squeezed, and generally seemed completely out of control. On top of that, she squirted - right into Snowy's face.
"Oh my god!" exclaimed Snowy as the unexpected jet of liquid shot out of Lydia's pussy straight in her eye. "What the..."
But Lyd was completely unable to answer the unfinished question. She even released my cock, unable to focus on anything bar her own climax. It was so intense, so powerful that both Swan and I forgot about what we were doing (well, I forgot about what I was doing, and Swan didn't seem to even notice). Mesmerized, we watched the show as it unraveled.
Lydia was not known for long orgasms. Hers were always short and sweet, the better ones leaving her unable to continue for a while. However, this one was completely different. She never squirted before, for starters. This time, she was ejaculating like a champion. Also, this one lasted. After twenty or so seconds, Lydia was still shaking and screaming. Since Snowy moved away a bit to avoid getting shot by another jet of pussy jizz, Lydia was now fingering herself maniacally. It was amazing to watch her, and we almost expected her eyes to roll and her back to arch unnaturally.
"JESUS FUCK OH MY GOD!!" Lydia kept yelling out even after half a minute, "AWWAWWAWWW!" She trembled, her voice vibrating in sync with her belly. She was somewhere else, and she was ascending beyond our reality, while we puny Earthlings could only watch. The way she came, it was not wholly unexpected to read tomorrow about a minor earthquake with Zuljana in the epicenter.
But it did end. Gradually, the yelps became softer, the moans quieter, the shakes and twitches weaker. She slowly slumped down, evidently exhausted. Her eyes were closed, and her breathing was slow. She wasn't even grinning or showing any sign of bliss and happiness. Instead, her face was as expressionless as pre-Mona Lisa renaissance portraits. We all looked at her and at each other, a bit unsure what to do. Just as I was preparing to do something, to at least probe and see if she was conscious, there came a loud male bellow from somewhere below the house.
"Congratulations! That was amazing! Now shut the fuck up! We're trying to rest over here!" yelled the voice in a heavily accented English.
Hearing that, Lydia's mouth stretched in a grin, and she started laughing. Which, in turn, made all of us laugh.
"Sorry!" Snowy replied to the unknown man. "My bad."
"You can come later and do that to me!" called out the voice, obviously impressed by what he heard, and more than encouraged to hear about the girl-on-girl action.
"We'll talk about it!" I answered so the man would hear it wasn't just girls up here. The man didn't respond anymore.
"Honey, are you OK?" I finally asked Lydia.
"Wha... Oh, yes. I am perfect," she said dreamily.
"Guys, maybe we should move inside?" Snowy said. "You know - before we all cool down?"
"Fuck yes," I said, getting up from the chair and helping Lydia, who looked like she was completely drained. We quickly moved inside, slapping each other's butts and laughing in the process.
As soon as we collectively hit Snowy and Swan's bed, we began cuddling and fondling each other, not really caring who was touching who and where. Lydia was gently pushing us away from touching her pussy, explaining it was so damn sensitive that even her own touch made her flinch.
In less than a minute, we were back in full force, all of us except Lydia still eager for more action. That meant that Swan was receiving a double blowjob from the girls. At the same time, I approached Snowy from behind (she was on all fours) and went down on her, licking and fingering both of her holes without any prejudice.
"Oh yeah," Snowy moaned loudly as I put one finger in her pussy and another in her ass. "Warm me up, baby!" As a true gentleman, I obeyed, pushing even harder into her and biting and gnawing on her bootylicious ass in the process. In return, I got even more moans of pure pleasure from Snowy, as well as her pussy releasing more juice on my already drenched fingers.
Swan was obviously out of his mind with pleasure. His cock was universally worshipped from the moment we came back into our place, and he seemed to be the next in line to explode. He loved getting his cock sucked, and this was most likely the first time he had multiple people doing it to him in the same 'event.' As I watched Lydia and Snowy playing with him, and saw Swan in ecstasy, I pondered for a moment what to do. On the one hand, I had a strong urge to finish what I started outside, i.e. to properly satisfy Swan; on the other hand, I really wanted to play some more with Snowy, as I just couldn't get enough of her. Yes, as much as I was not feeling attracted to Swan or any other man, I found playing with a dick to be something new and fun. It was a new toy I never thought I might like until I first played with it. And now, as with any fun new toy, I wanted to play some more.
"Girls, any room for me in the middle?" I asked.
They both looked at me, smiling. "Honey, come here," Lydia said without hesitation. Snowy, on the other hand, protested mockingly: "You better get back there and finish what you're doing now after we're done here."
I moved up front and crammed myself between Lydia and Snowy, just as Snowy's mouth moved away from Swan's knob, while Lydia was jerking him off.
"Here, have some," Lydia pushed Swan's cock toward my mouth like it was a popsicle. Before accepting the offer, I gave her a big, wet kiss.
"It's so hot," Lydia said lovingly as I wrapped my mouth around Swan's dick. "I can't believe I got to see you doing that."
"And look at us, sharing another guy's dick," I said half-jokingly after I released it, and she took it in her mouth.
"It's a first for me as well," Swan said. "You're a lovely couple from where I'm looking at you."
"Hey, what about me?" Snowy interjected. "Am I suddenly a third wheel?" she squeezed gently on Swan's balls as she said it, making him groan in pleasure. She smiled at him to show him she was joking.
We quickly got into the groove. This was - yep, you guessed it right - my first time sucking a dick together with other persons. Swan particularly loved having the underside of his shaft slowly licked from balls all the way up to the tip, especially with his balls being squeezed at the same time. I found that I liked to suck on it properly, taking it in my mouth further and further every time as my courage grew, as well as to lick the rim of his head all around. Me doing that, combined with everything that girls did to him, soon brought him precipitously close to the edge of orgasm, which was apparent from his more frequent moans and his faster breathing.
"He'll blow," Snowy warned us as she registered some minute detail in his movements. "Move if you don't want to be sprayed." That warning was most probably addressed to me, as Lydia was not one to shy away from cum. I, on the other hand, decided I didn't want Swan to cum on me, so I listened to Snowy's advice and moved away. Lydia and Snowy quickly moved in, jerking, licking and blowing the man vigorously. And, just as Snowy announced, not a half-minute later, Swan blew up.
"OOOOH Fuck, Yeah!" He exclaimed, releasing jets of cum, some into Lydia's mouth, and some across both girls' faces. I felt proud knowing that I was, in part, responsible for his climax. I took many girls to many, many orgasms in my life, but this was different. It felt very much like the first time I made a girl cum. It felt like an accomplishment, not just something you naturally do in the course of fucking.
Meanwhile, I went back behind Snowy to continue pleasuring her, as promised. Naturally, as soon as she felt my hand touch her pussy, she moaned in approval. "A man of his word, I see," Snowy said mockingly.
Once Swan was drained, he slumped down on the bed, obviously in need of resting. Lydia, on the other hand, seemed to have fully recovered from her nuclear explosion earlier. She approached me and kissed me hard on the mouth. She had a strong taste of semen, but I didn't mind a bit.
"Can I help you?" she asked me, looking down at me, massaging Snowy's butthole and pussy, each with one hand.
"Yes, please," Snowy begged even before I got to say anything.
"I'll lick her pussy from below, and you..." Lydia whispered into my ear, giving it a gentle bite at the same time. "You put it in her ass like she wants."
I grinned hard as she said it. It was only this morning that Snowy mentioned her desire to Swan and me. I was actually surprised that she and Swan never did anal, but now I knew why. Snowy, my dear, beautiful Snowy, was waiting for me to lose her anal virginity. It actually amazed me, knowing how we lost touch in the past year and how she couldn't know that we would ever have another intimate moment together. Everything to the side, but something sparked between Snowy and me that night, and it was evident that spark was powerful. We loved our partners, but we wanted each other on a level much higher than pure lust.
"Go get the..." I mouthed to Lydia, and she knew what I was thinking. She got up and went to our room. At the same time, I gently placed the tip of my unbelievably engorged cock on Snowy's perfect cameltoe slit and began to spread it apart. It was so great to look at it open up to reveal the gentle pink inner labia and a tight, wet hole ready to be fucked. I pushed slowly into her, giving her time to adjust.
"Uh-huh. That's it," she affirmed my idea. "Give me that cock all the way." I was already getting used to the New Snowy - one that was all about getting what she wanted and saying it out loud. She was a joy to be with and a fantastic fuck buddy.
I entered all the way in and began pumping. I went slow and steady, as my goal was just to prepare her for the main event. She also knew that I was working her up, so she kept up and didn't tease me too much with wiggling her ass or pushing back onto me.
Lydia soon came back, already holding a blob of lube in one hand and tossing the tube to the side with another. She proceeded to distribute it on her fingers, and then applied those fingers gently to Snowy's pucker. As soon as Snowy felt Lydia's touch, she trembled.
"Lyd, are you... Mmmph... warming me up?" Snowy asked.
"Of course I am, love," Lydia replied as she slowly pushed one finger up Snowy's ass. "It will be your first time, and I will make you ready. After that orgasm you gave me, I wish I could grow a cock and do it myself."
Swan also regained some composure and moved in to give Snowy a kiss. "Thank you again for bringing me here," he said to her.
I slowed down, allowing Lydia to lube Snowy and Swan to talk to her, as it seemed they need to have an exchange without Snowy being pounded hard at the same time.
"You OK with, you know...?" Snowy asked Swan, still breathing heavily due to high levels of arousal. Even after everything that happened, and even after he gave his explicit blessing in the morning, she was still worried he might not be OK with me fulfilling her wish.
"Hey, why would I change my mind? Hell, I'll watch this with pleasure. I'll help guide Mark into your ass, if necessary." Swan replied, sounding absolutely relaxed and content. He winked at me and smiled wide after he stopped talking. I nodded at him. "Mark, I want you to make Snowy happy. I know she has total hots for you, and I feel great about it being you. I really like you, man."
"Thanks, dude," I said to the unexpected disclosure. "I can say the same about you."
"Hey, bromancers," Lydia interrupted our little moment. "Does that mean we can all do each other any way we want, and any time we want, no questions asked?"
Swan and I looked at each other and shrugged in sync. "Yeah, of course," I said, getting a confirmation nod from Swan. "I mean, it would be stupid not to do that."
Lydia smiled wide and gently caressed Snowy's back. "That sounds perfect." Saying that she pushed a second finger into Snowy's ass, to which Snowy yelled out.
"Uuumph! It hurts a bit," Snowy said through her clenched teeth.
"I know, baby," Lydia said in a comforting voice. "But it hurts only for a moment, and later it becomes pure bliss."
"If you say... Uh..." Snowy said, but her voice sounded unconvinced. Lydia, however, kept working very carefully on relaxing her sphincter. "If it hurts too much, I'll tell you to stop, OK?"
"Of course, darling," I confirmed.
After half a minute of slow and steady play, Snowy's moans were sounding more and more pleasurable. She arched her back and pushed her ass backward, clearly showing that she didn't mind either my cock or Lydia's fingers deep inside her. I felt Lydia's knuckle through the thin flesh of Snowy's taint, and it made me as horny as ever. I stopped and slowly pulled out.
"I'm ready," Snowy briefly said. She was on cue, feeling it was either going to happen right now or some other time (if ever). If she postponed it for five more minutes, I just might cum before my dick even touched her ass, and the opportunity would be wasted.
"Wait," Lydia said as she oh so slowly pulled her fingers out of Snowy's butt, leaving an already widened gap for me. Then she expertly slid under Snowy and positioned her head directly under Snowy's cunt. "I want to be here when it happens." That said, Lydia stuck out her tongue and began licking Snowy's red, swollen snatch and her tiny pleasure button. Snowy immediately moaned and pushed her crotch down onto Lydia's face.
I shrugged. Even though my cock was slippery from all the pussy juice I collected from Snowy, I decided to apply extra lube and minimize a chance of the too painful entry. Once I was satisfied that I could slide sandpaper across my cock without consequences, I gently positioned the tip on the Snowy's back door. As slowly as humanly possible, I began pushing it inside. At first, it went effortlessly and I was inside some two inches when it became tight.
"Aaah," Snowy yelped. "Hurts! Slower, please." She was holding Swan's hand while he kissed her gently all over her face and neck as if she was undergoing some painful procedure and needed comforting.
I pulled out a bit, giving her time to recover, and then pushed in again, even slower than the first time. I felt her relaxing, bit by bit, so I adapted as things went by. Sooner than I thought, I was inside her, slowly pumping a few inches in and out.
"Uuugh, that... That is not bad," Snowy said suddenly. "It feels, umm, it feels nice. Yes, this is good. Fuck me, Mark, please."
I was definitely not the one to decline such an invitation. Snowy, now evidently feeling totally relaxed, let me in all the way, and I upped the tempo. Simultaneously, Lydia was picking up her motions in Snowy's pussyland, and the two of us were teaming up on our friend with the intent of utter sexual annihilation.
"Oh, Yessss! This. Is. Perfeeect!!" Snowy screamed as I fucked her hard in her ass, using my full length in each stroke, and Lydia twirled and twisted her tongue across, around, and on her clit. I slapped Snowy's ass, each slap causing her to yell out in delight. When her valve got open, she was all for a hard game.
Swan, not being one to just lie down and watch passively, went down on Lydia, diving between her legs (conveniently positioned left of Snowy's torso). Lydia evidently recovered enough from her supernova, as she readily accepted his mouth and fingers on her.
That was it. Four of us, intertwined, sweaty and loud, all working each other like there was no tomorrow. If there was ever anything better than having sex with the one person you love, then it was having sex with more than one person you loved or liked. I loved the feeling of complete openness, freedom, and no holding back. I was giving Snowy something she never experienced, while her boyfriend was there and enjoyed the whole act, celebrating it by eating my girlfriend's pussy.
"Ohfuckohfuckohfuckohfuck!" Snowy yelled out, and we all knew what was about to happen. "GO HARDER!" she demanded from me. So I did, slapping her ass as hard as I dared to, while I was ramming my cock into her as hard as I would if I fucked her pussy. She absolutely loved it, pushing her ass back into me in rhythm. It was done. We had another anal sex lover on our hands.
"Ah-hah... Yes, love, more, more," Lydia instructed Swan. It was clear he quickly detected the perfect way of pleasuring Lydia, and she just couldn't get enough of him. She sounded like she was also going to cum really quick, as her heightened senses received any sexual stimulus at more than full rate.
Snowy went quiet, which was a telltale sign of her impending orgasm. Just knowing that she was about to explode tipped me over in an instant. It was as if I was bursting outward into trillion microscopic pieces, becoming nothing but pure energy. I was the exploding sun, focusing all the power straight out of my cock and into Snowy's ass. If I had pulled out, I'd probably hit the ceiling with the first jet of my semen. "AAAAAARGH!" was all I was able to articulate as I filled her to the brim with the entire content of my balls at once.
"OOOH! GOD! YESSSSS!" Snowy yelled out, clenching, shaking, and twitching out of control as she was hit with an orgasmic monster wave of her own. She produced beastly sounds, able to only release grunts, groans, and screams of pure ecstasy. It was amazing that neither Lydia nor Swan were injured in the process. Even crazier, Lydia managed to grab and squeeze my balls and caress them as I unloaded them. It felt divine.
And, just as both Snowy and I were slowly subsiding, my darling Lydia, who was being relentlessly worked on by Swan's tongue, came again. Even though it was definitely a powerful orgasm, after what she produced before, it felt like a slight tremor.
"Oh, yes, Swan, you are magical! Uuuuumph! Uh-huh!" Lydia managed to produce a compliment to her current provider of pleasure as she jerked and shook. And then, just as she came, it went away. We all crashed onto the bed, breathing heavily and unable to speak.
It took us a while to recover. Even though it was less than two days since we even begin exploring this route, we felt as if we were together forever. We chuckled, giggled, and generally produced only incoherent sounds, turning around slowly and moving across each other's wet, sweaty, and lubed up bodies. My cock was still inside Snowy's ass, gradually losing its rigidity. Nevertheless, our newly christened anal receiver did not want me to pull it out.
"Why didn't I try this way before?" Snowy asked, being the first to produce any coherent words.
"Well, you know..." I said, not really knowing how to reply in an instant. Saying that she waited from the right guy was maybe not the most sensible thing to do. However, it took me only a few seconds to continue: "Each of us gets to have a new experience when we're ready for it." I amazed myself with quickly thinking up the right answer.
"Yeah, that is so profound," Swan said. "It's all about new experiences. We are all having them, right?"
Lydia turned to him and kissed him on the mouth. It seemed that real affection was happening between them, the same as between Snowy and me. "You are my new experience," she told him gently.
"And mine, don't forget that part," I said, causing everyone to laugh. "Anyway, Lyd - you're a squirter?" I asked.
"Yeah, guess I am," she replied. "Didn't know I had it in me, still don't understand how it happened."
"Well, honey," Snowy started to talk affectionately, "it happened by you hitting me straight in my eye, without any warning. It was unexpected. And, as it seems, another new experience for you."
"God, yes," Lydia got up, moved closer to Snowy, and then kissed her on the mouth. "And you gave that one to me. It was so amazing. But I think it also had something to do with us walking around naked on that trail. I was never so weirdly and enjoyably turned on."
"So, from now on, we only go nude hiking?" I asked, already smiling wide from the thought.
"From now on, we go nude everything!" Lydia yelled out, pumping her fist up victoriously. We cheered with her, agreeing entirely with that crazy, happy idea.
"Wait," Snowy stopped us mid-track. "We won't go to tonight's dinner naked, right?"