My intense desire, and uncontrolled need to be recognized as a true slut started to become a reality in earnest on Sunday in December of 2016. The genesis of this need is unknown but increased exponentially as I reached 40. Perhaps irrational, but nonetheless always on my mind, and becoming more dominate and controlling each day... the need to be openly recognized a sexual object and sexual object only, to be known as easy, insatiable, and without limits... to allow my self to be used by anyone... to openly advertise my needs, urges, and willingness... to be stared at... to take foolish risks... The drive finally eclipsed my ability to use restraint... and i resolved that this is my essence... and I will dedicate my self to the animal urges and will take the consequences as a choice in my life.
As I lay in bed Sunday AM, I resolved that the tensions could no longer be contained.
I needed to fulfill the internal burn a true freak cannot ignore. As I rose I contemplated what actions might provide a short term release.
I carefully chose my wardrobe for the day... something that would without question advertise my wanton needs... I selected my gang of divas low rise camo cutoffs... sitting 7 inches below my pierced navel, and with a length of just 4.5 inches, I was excited by how I looked. My tight ass cheeks were clearly visible from the extreme v-cut of the rear my shorts. My lean tummy was tanned, with my muscular abs ripped from countless gym days in preparation for the day that I knew would inevitably come.
I chose a sheer men's tank top undershirt... which I had previously cut to the perfect size just as a tease which I modeled in the privacy of my room. I cut it just so the bottom of my small erect breasts were just barely covered... 9 inches in total length. The top's sheerness and tightness clearly showed my new barbell nipple piercing as well as the contours of my small tits.
For shoes, I chose my favorite Nelly Bernal 7 heels... with 2 inch platforms. The extreme height tightened and stretched my calves.
I pulled my hair up straight up on top of my head... and used a laced leather hair collar to hold it high, tight, and extreme! My makeup was next, shadow, eyeliner... dark, and intense... And deep burgundy lips... My two inch leather collar choked my neck and my silver wrist collar completed my presence... .
I then walked to the mirror and carefully reviewed my presence... I shook, became breathless, and started to perspire... I was the realization of the vision I had had in my mind, in my dreams, and fantasy... I finished by rubbing a light sheen of oil on my legs... they glistened. As I made my final adjustments... I realized I was essentially almost nude... with tall tan oiled legs, interrupted by a small patch of cloth... then a tight and lean torso with a sheer strip covering only my tits... but could I do it... could I fulfill my need... yes... I must! I grabbed my small black leather clutch and headed to the front door before I lost my drive and courage.
As I left my apartment... I paused... I did not want to be seen... what would I say to my neighbors... I quickly got into the car... I drove to the Seminole Town Center in eastern Orlando.
As I drove the short 20 minutes to the mall... I questioned myself again... but i now knew I would not turn back... I would take this first step on my desired journey. I arrived at the mall... and found a parking spot... I then hesitated... pondered, considered... and then on impulse... opened the car door... stood in my most erect posture, with head high and walked into the busy mall...
As I opened the door to the entrance to the mall... I was immediately conscious of all eyes on me... I strutted to escalator and rode to the bottom floor... My goal was to was to walk both floors of the mall completely... then to sit casually, legs crossed on a bench in the center of the mall... as I walked down the main floor... I smiled openly at all those who looked... the reaction was varied... some in-lust, some in amazement and some in disgust... but this was to expected... this is the reaction to a true slut... this was the new me, a choice I had made... to admit I was only about sex, that I was proud about it!... from this day forward I would never hide it again. As I walked, all the eyes focused directly on me... I could feel my nipples become erect, my pussy moisten... my breath shorten... I was finally being who I really was... this was me! I loved it... I had made my first step.
I headed to the food court... which was filled with holiday shoppers... I paused for coffee, and sat... watched, and was watched... when some one looked at me... I looked then straight in the eyes... I never looked away as if to show shyness... no I stared back... my eyes acknowledged back... yes I am a slut...
Soon I attracted a shy man in his early 20's. He was obviously perplexed short of words. I opened the conversation... hi! We exchanged small talked... meaningless nervous chatter... feeling that I must now progress and fulfill my purpose... I leaned over and whispered... "I need to feel your cock in my mouth"... without any acknowledgement from him, I stood up grabbed his hand and started walking...
As I strutted to the exit door... I felt like a street whore... I relished in it... and again was proud. My public performance had me aroused beyond logic... I can only reason that everyone has a deep fantasy that is special to them... and this was mine. My inhibitions were now lessened, and my raging libido took over and directed my actions... I was experiencing an emancipation of freedom, lust and openness. I felt strong powerful and yes nasty. I felt that this was who I really was...
We rushed to my car and this stranger who I had known for 4 minutes was now in the passenger seat. I said not a word as I struggled with my long black nails to unzip him.
Once unzipped I wrapped my hand around his quickly engorging cock. My mind whirled as the dirty slut performance I had dreamed of, read of on Fetlife, and rehearsed mentally 100's of times was now real. Yes the sloppiest blow job is what I wanted.
I brought my lips just inches from his now erect cock, and slowly drooled a long and thick string of saliva on the head of his dick... it overflowing over my hands and fingers. I massaged his cock and spit on him again as I rubbed my spit along his now trembling cock.
I lowered my lips and just as I had practiced so many times in my mind and with inanimate objects, pressed his cock to the back of my throat... I held him there, and then with steady thrust, and a quick gag, is cock passed into my throat... and my lips pressed against his swollen sack. My throat burned, my eyes welled with tears, and my ability to breathe became restricted... but I wanted to hold it until I could no longer do so... as I felt the coming gag and choke reflex rise... I held it until my natural throat reflexes ejected him uncontrollably from my throat... I gasped for air... and then spit back a mouth full of throat juice which drenched his cock...
I regained my breathe and repeated engulfing him totally... again I held him in my throat... I was a slut animal now reduced to sexual instinct. Dazzed, out of control, unfiltered. Again I choked and withdrew.
I continued jacking his cock as I gasped for breath... but my insatiable lust was all too soon to be temporarily quenched as I heard the moans of a building orgasam... "I'm cumming" he muttered... I screamed, "in my mouth... in my mouth"... I quickly encircled his cock as the first jerk and spray of his thick cum erupted into my hungry throat... another spurt and then a third... my mouth ballooned to contain his sperm... warm, salty... I opened my filled mouth and mumbled... "god so fucking good"
I felt the goose bumps begin at the small of my back and travel up my spine... I convulsed as the stress and tension resided.
As I looked my new acquaintance directly in the eyes... I swallowed...
Our most intimate expressions soon turned to awkwardness... I simply said thank you, thank you. As quickly as it started... it was over... he disappeared across the parking lot.
As I started my car, I noted it had been only 45 minutes since I first walked into the mall. As I made the short drive home... the taste of cum remained in my mouth... my hair was messed, I was dripping in sweat with remnants of cum and saliva on my face a corners of my lips... my sheer little top stained with unidentifiable bodily fluids...
As I looked into the rear view mirror at my used self... I whispered "beautiful" and I knew that my essence and future life has been demonstrably changed... I knew I had changed... and I could never go back...