Jimmie was tickled pink when old man Harrison asked him to clear out the brush in his back yard. It looked to be at least a week long job, and since Jimmie was fresh out of high school and flat broke, a chance to work and make some money was a big deal.
It didn't hurt that he was strapping strong, playing sports in school and being the star of the track team had kept him in shape.
Old man Harrison noticed that, the kid looked like he could do some real work. Five bucks an hour was way better than the nearly $2000 a company had bid for the job, so it was win all around.
Jimmie showed up right on time, by the end of the first day he had at least 20% of it down to bare ground. There were Thistles, blackberry bushes, some Ivy vines and some way over grown Scotch broom bushes. Those last ones had to be chopped down, some of them were as big around at the base as the young man's wrists.
Then he had to dig up the roots or they would grow right back.
It was hard work and it was hot out, so Jimmie took off his shirt. There was one fairly large tree, it was a Maple and had large segments, half a dozen of them at least six inches across.
Jimmie was swinging away at one of them, and didn't notice the buzzing until it was too late.
Wasps! Lots of them, they came out in a cloud and they were mad as hell. Jimmie was running, swatting at them as best as he could. One of them somehow managed to get up the pants leg of his on the baggy side shorts. He felt that just as he hit the small pond not far away on the neighbor's place.
The Wasps gave up about that time, Jimmie huddled there for several long minutes until they all appeared to have left.
The pain at his groin was intense, he had one sting on the back of his neck, another on his shoulder. Those weren't too bad, the one down below had him almost not able to stand up straight. Tugging down his boxers, he saw that already his foreskin was swelling, already twice normal size. Then he glanced around quickly, he was painfully shy at barely 18. No one was in sight.
The pain was intense, the sting was in the worst possible place it could be. Directly on his foreskin, this was terrible.
He walked over to Mr. Harrison's garage, on the shelf was a can of bug spray, brand new. He went over to where the Wasps were just coming and going out of the hole in their nest, and he soaked them with the entire can.
It didn't take long, things got quiet. He went and sat down on a log, by now the end of his penis was on fire. He felt himself through the cloth of his boxers, realized that part of his body felt enormously large.
Nothing left to do, he told Mr. Harrison he would be back later, and headed home. Jimmie was far too shy to mention even to the old man what had happened.
At home, his Mom asked him why he was home so early. He managed to blurt out about the Wasps, and showed her where one had stung him on the neck and shoulder. She looked, both spots were swelling but not too badly. Jimmie finally managed to tell her about the other spot.
"OK. You need to let me see that, honey." She told him.
"No!" Jimmie blushed furiously at the idea.
"Oh, don't be silly, I am your Mother. I have changed your diapers, so take your shorts off!" She demanded.
Jimmie complied, with great reluctance. He was terribly bashful, but the pain was horrible now. The baggy shorts he had worn were intended for comfort, he hated the cotton briefs his Mother bought, because he was always having to tug at them, so he seldom bothered to put any on.
Right at the moment he was wishing he had worn some briefs.
"Oh, my!" His Mother exclaimed, partly because the foreskin was swollen to what was clearly an incredible size, but she had not been aware that her young son was quite so well equipped. He had developed considerably since she had last seen him, that had been years before.
"It that sensitive to the touch?" She asked, leaning down to take a closer look.
"No, not really. It just burns." He told her.
"Well, I am taking you to the walk in clinic, they should have something that can help you."
Jimmie did not want to go but he had learned a long time ago not to argue with his Mother, that was just a losing proposition.
The drive to the clinic was only a few miles, she got them checked in at the receptionist, his face again flaming when his Mother told them he had a Bee sting on his penis.
Jimmie was certain the receptionist was trying to hide a smirk when she heard that, but his Mother was so matter of fact about it the woman managed to barely keep a straight face.
The wait was nearly an hour, Jimmie hated even coming here. That last time was for a broken finger, back in grade school when he fell off the Monkey bars. That time had been nearly two hours.
Finally an older woman, even older than his Mother came out and called his name. Jimmie followed her back to a small office, asked a few questions, took his vitals.
"OK, we will need you to undress and put on this gown." The woman gave him a huge smile, then left the room. Jimmie undressed and put the gown on, reaching down to tie the flimsy thin string.
He knew very well he was going to have to let them see him, but at least the older woman appeared to be businesslike, so it might not be too bad.
Just then came a knock on the door, it opened and the older Nurse came in, right behind her was another one, much younger. She looked familiar but Jimmie was so concerned about letting them see his genitals that it didn't register at first.
"Well, Hi, Jimmie!" The younger girl said. Jimmie glanced up in surprise, it took him a moment, then he realized.
Marilee Higgins? She had been year ahead of him in high school, every boy in the school was in love with her. She had long red hair that she wore straight and parted down the middle, freckles across her nose. The way she walked, stood, everything about her was designed to attract attention.
She dated Billy Jackson, a tall broad shouldered upper classman, he was on every sports team in the school and a stand out in most of them. Jimmie knew that Billy Jackson had been awarded several college scholarships, and had left for back East.
This would seem to make Marilee available, but there were no rumors, and of course a girl like that would never notice anyone like himself, Jimmie was well aware of that.
But like all of the other boys in school, he was smitten with her, but only looked when she was around. He had never spoken to her, not once. With her hair pulled back into a tight ponytail, and dressed in a medical smock, he had barely recognized her.
"Hello." Jimmie barely managed, looking down, his face bright red..
"This is Marilee, she is working with us for the Summer until she leaves for nursing school, do you mind of she sits in on the appointment?" The older woman asked. She didn't wait for a response, instead told him to hop up on the inspection table.
"Jimmie here has an insect sting, in a rather inopportune spot. You will need to deal with male genitalia as a nurse from time to time, so best to get used to it." The woman told Marilee. Marilee simply nodded.
"OK, Jimmie. Go ahead and lift your gown and hold it up, please." Jimmie blushed furiously at that, held the gown snugly at his groin. He looked at Marilee, who simply stood there with a blank expression on her face.
"Come on, don't be shy, I have seen thousands of men, it's no big deal." The older woman said, reaching down for the hem of his gown. Jimmie saw Marilee's eyes drop down the moment he was exposed, he quickly looked down. There was no way he could meet her gaze.
"As you can see, Marilee, here is a young male, not circumcised. The injury is obvious, to the foreskin." She reached down and lifted Jimmie's penis with one hand, then leaned down for a closer look. From somewhere she produced a small magnifying glass.
"Notice here, we can see the stinger from the insect still embedded, so we will remove that, then apply some Calamine lotion. Will you get some from the store room, please?" She said to Marilee, who left the room, and was back in just a few moments.
The older woman was holding Jimmie's penis with two fingers of one hand as Marilee returned, she had picked up some tweezers from somewhere.
"Please hold this magnifying glass for me while I extract the stinger." She told Marilee, who stepped up close and took the glass.
Jimmie glanced up, Marilee was staring right at his penis, which by now was beginning to erect. He was struggling to stop that, but with the Doctor actually touching him, it was quickly becoming a losing battle. Marilee was standing there holding the magnifying glass, her mouth was slightly open and she had a mildly glazed expression on her face.
"Got it! The older woman held up the tweezers, showing the tiny stringer she had removed. She dropped that in a nearby plastic tray.
"OK, Next we will...?" Just then a voice over the intercom asked for her in one of the other rooms, and the voice sounded urgent.
"Marilee, go ahead and apply the Calamine lotion, then do the finish paperwork and discharge instructions, OK?" She left the room, leaving Marilee standing there in front of Jimmie, who sat there with the gown pulled up above his waist, an obvious erection clearly in evidence.
"I.. uhh...? " Now Marilee appeared embarrassed, she picked up a pair of latex gloves, looked at Jimmie.
"OK, I guess I need to...?" Her voice trailed off. Reaching for the bottle of lotion, she glanced at him again several times.
"I don't think ...?" Jimmie started to say, tugging the gown down. With the stinger now removed, the painful sensation had eased, replaced with something else.
"Just hold still, please." Marilee reached out and pulled the gown right back up. She spread a liberal amount of the lotion on the end his penis, her fingers working back and forth.
Suddenly Jimmie was not feeling pain, not really, it was an intense feeling of pleasure. So much so that his shyness seemed to leave him, and his hips did some minor thrusting on their own, enough to cause her fingertips to slip off. She reached out with the other hand to hold him steady. Jimmie realized she had no glove on that hand.
"This isn't too much, is it?" Marilee asked. She now had her hand wrapped fully around his cock, The other rubbing the lotion right on the tip. It appeared like she was giving almost a hand finish by some kind of instinct. Her mouth was open and she was staring down at him as the fingertips of her latex covered hand went up and down, right on the swollen portion of his foreskin. With each motion, the majority of the head of his cock appeared and then vanished as her hand moved back up.
"I think you had better...?" He started to tell her, then he tried to clench his buttocks but it was way too late and a massive gob of sperm spurted out, some of it splashing onto her arm, and some onto her smock.
"Oh! OH my! I am so sorry." She let go and stepped back. Jimmie could not help himself he reached down and grasped himself, squeezing to finish off like he did at home when he masturbated.
Marilee just stood there and watched that.
Then, a slow smile crossed her face.
"I didn't mean for that to happen." She told him.
"That's OK. I'm sorry.." He told her, tugging the gown down.
She began to put everything away, Jimmie just sat there quietly as she did that.
"How do you feel now?" Marilee asked him.
"OK, I guess. It mostly quit hurting when the other lady took the stinger out."
"That's good. Mom is a very good Doctor." She said.
"That is your Mom?"
"Yes,."
Then, just as Marilee was leaving so Jimmie could get dressed, she stopped and turned back.
"You are way bigger than Billy is." She let out a soft giggle, and left the room.
Jimmie's Mom asked him if the Doctor had helped him, he just nodded. Already he really did feel much better.
The next day, he was working on Mr. Harrison's yard when he looked up and saw Marilee coming down the sidewalk. Her hair was brushed out and hanging loose, framing her face. She had on nice slacks, and a blouse with a flowery pattern in it. She looked really nice as she stepped up to the low fence between the sidewalk and Mr. Harrison's property.
"Hello." Marilee said, with a big smile.
"Hi!" Jimmie said. He wasn't feeling even a trace of shyness.
"How are you feeling? Better I hope?" She giggled a little at that. Jimmie grinned at her, suddenly he was brimming with confidence.
"I'm fine, it doesn't bother me at all now."
"That's good. That had to be quite an experience." She was now close to laughing.
"Yes, it was." They stood and looked at each other for quite some time.
"Hey, how about you join me for a nice cold milkshake down at the Dairy Queen?" She asked him.
"I would like that."
"Come on then." Jimmie hopped the low fence, Marilee reached out and took his hand and they walked the short few blocks to the Dairy Queen.
+++
"So, how come you never asked me out back in school?" Marilee asked him as they sat and enjoyed their milkshakes.
"I didn't date much in school, I guess I was too shy." He told her.
"You don't seem too shy now?" She asked.
"Well, not with you. Not after... that." He told her.
Marilee cracked up laughing, infectious, Jimmie ended up laughing also.
They sat and looked at each other for quite some time.
"How about you walk me home?" She asked.
"OK."
"It might be a good idea if I checked you again when we get to the house, just to make sure everything is OK." She was snickering at that.
"What about your Mom?" He asked her.
"She is at work." Marilee said.
Jimmie reached out and took her hand as they walked. She let him with a smile.
"That's probably a good idea." He told her.