This is the last in the series of stories about the adventures of the man who couldn't say "no." Undoubtedly, he has many more stories that could be told, but there comes a time when the author needs to move on to other characters and other situations. This chapter contains a brief epilogue to tie up a few loose ends.
I was puttering about in the kitchen of my Walnut creek home on a Sunday afternoon, preparing dinner for my mother and her friend Lisa. As you may recall after my Dad passed my mother had moved out of my childhood home in Walnut Creek and informally turned it over to me while she lived with her lover, Lisa, in Lisa's big house in North Berkeley. In the summer of 1969 Mom, Lisa, and a woman I knew much later as Mrs. E were lovers who shared the North Berkeley house. Oh and my father was there too. I was born 9 months later. After 1969, my father and mother married, and the rest of the group went on to lead separate lives, although it has never been clear to me just how often they may have had "reunions" of the summer of 69 group. The other detail is that when I was 18 I had love affairs with each of Mrs. E (then our next door neighbor) and Lisa. It's complicated (and no, I never did it with my Mom—only her lovers).
But now I live in the Walnut Creek house, and Mom and Lisa are coming to dinner. They don't believe I can cook. The flank steak has been soaking up the marinade for several hours and the ratatouille is bubbling nicely on the stove. Lisa is bringing the wine, and Mom is bringing the pie (that's what Moms do, isn't it?). Right now it's time to retreat to the back porch with a glass of Scotch and savor the smell of the hickory chips on the grill while I await my guests.
When I spoke to Lisa recently she mentioned that she and Mom had been up in Marin a few days ago at a clothing optional beach they both enjoy (even 70 year-olds can enjoy being naked on the beach when the weather is warm). As I sat sipping my Scotch I remembered the beach Lisa was telling me about and an experience I had there in my mid-30s when I was between wives one and two:
My first wife was a fan of nude sunbathing, especially on a public beach, so this particular beach in Marin was one of our favorite getaways when the weather was good. I had become comfortable with nudity and, even though the marriage was gone, I decided to take a few days off during a lovely, warm October to spend a few days up in Marin at my favorite nude beach. I took a couple of beach towels, sun block, a good book, and a few beers in a cooler—all the things you need for a trip to the beach except a swim suit. Since I planned to be there for a few days, I made arrangements to use my ex-brother-in-law's cottage in Bodega. He and I were on remarkably good terms given our status as ex-brothers-in-law, so there was no problem in getting his cottage for a few days.
There were quite a few people on the beach, it being a Sunday afternoon, and since the beach was clothing optional, people were sunbathing and strolling the beach in just about every level of dress or undress physically possible. The only thing missing was some Richard Nixon type in a dark blue suit and freshly shined oxfords.
I was lying (clothed only in dark glasses as was my custom at this beach) propped up against a log, ostensibly reading a book, but mostly watching people stroll by, while I listened to the lulling drone of the surf. There was a an off-shore breeze and it was warm enough so that it was comfortable to be naked. I was well past the trauma of my recent divorce (the first one is the hardest, trust me). To sum it up, I was feeling pretty good about life at the moment. I was even managing to ignore the fact that I was going to have to fly to Minnesota the following week where they were already test driving winter.
I watched a pair of ladies in their mid-thirties, as best I could guess, amble by. They were wearing shorts and loose t-shirts, not exactly beach wear and plenty of coverage, at least for this beach. But what the hell, the rule here isclothing optional, and that means you can wear clothes, or not, as you choose.
Now one of the things you need to understand about Northern California beaches is that just because the beach is warm enough to sunbathe nude on, doesn't mean the water is warm. The water on the Northern California coast is brought to you by something called the California Current which is delivering water directly from the depths of the North Pacific. It is cold. All the time.
Apparently these two ladies were unaware of just how cold the surf at this beach could be. As they got a bit farther down the beach, I could see them starting to horse around. The blonde pushed the brunette into the surf with a predictable screech as she hit the cold water. She got to her feet (actually twice because she was decked by a wave the first time) and went after her friend, eventually dragging her into the surf with more screaming about the cold water. It also took her friend two tries to get up. The surf can be rough here.
They were laughing good naturedly as they came walking back toward me, but both were staying well away from the surf, having had enough of the cold water, and perhaps not quite trusting each other. As they walked up to me I could see that the wind was chilling both of them.
"Surf a little cold?" I asked.
The dishwater blonde looked over at me and smiled and said, "Yeah, we didn't quite expect that. We're from South Carolina."
"Here's an extra towel. It'll help if you dry off."
They took turns toweling down, and then draped my towel on the log. I could tell the wind was still biting as it blew through their soggy clothes.
"If you want you can huddle down here behind this log. It's better if you can get out of the wind. Spread the towel out on the sand next to me here."
"But it will get all covered with sand," the brunette said. She and her friend had the most delightful southern drawl. It sounds so nice to me when it comes from a woman. When it comes from a man it puts me on guard. What is it this guy wants with all this soft talk? Irrational, I know.
"Not a problem I'll drape it over a rail at my brother-in-law's place in Bodega tonight, and in the morning, I'll just shake it off."
They looked at each other. The blonde nodded, and they spread out the towel and sat down.
"Care for a beer?" I asked.
"Oh we can't take your beer," the brunette said.
"I'm not going to drink it all this afternoon, so it'll just get warm. Besides, I have more back at the beach house in Bodega."
They each took a beer and introduced themselves as Cindy (the blonde) and Karen (the brunette).
"Do you live here," Cindy asked.
"No not here. I live in Palo Alto, when I'm not on an airplane. The beach house in Bodega belongs to my brother-in-law, or ex-brother-in-law I should say."
"And you still get along?" Cindy asked.
"Sure. It's my ex-wife that was the problem." I paused for a moment, "Well, she might say I was the problem."
The women laughed at my honesty.
"Cindy is my ex-sister-in-law," Karen said. "We're great friends. It was her brother that was the problem."
Cindy shrugged—kind of a "What can I say shrug." She was quiet for a moment and then said, "Yeah, he was an asshole."
"Still is," Karen said.
Cindy nodded in agreement.
"Are you girls warming up," I asked.
"Brrrrr. Not really,"
"Don't take this the wrong way," I said "but if you took those wet clothes off and put them on the log to dry, you will actually get warm quicker."
Karen gave me a look, that said, "What kind of right way is there to take a suggestion that we take our clothes off?"
Cindy, on the other hand, said, "What the hell. It's a nude beach. He might be right."
She stood up and peeled all her clothes off and spread them out on the top of the log to dry. Then she dropped back down on to the beach towel. She started to cuddle up to Karen but then said, "Oh burr, you're all wet. Get those soggy clothes off."
"Cindy," Karen said, "You're naked. How can you do that?"
"It's a nude beach," Cindy shrugged.
"She has a point," I said. "And you would be warmer without those soggy clothes on."
Karen looked at me with her pervert look again, but this time I noticed her momentary distraction when her vision paused on my prick. I wasn't aroused—well maybe just a little more than I had been when they walked by the first time. There was a naked girl sitting next to me now. What would you expect? And even when I'm not aroused, I still have a pretty good sized prick. She looked quickly away when she realized I had caught her ogling my goods.
Cindy had her head turned away from us looking down the beach while Karen was trying, and failing, to discreetly ogle my still slowly growing prick. It was the discreet part of the effort that was failing.
Karen leaned over and whispered something in Cindy's ear. She turned back towards me trying to get non-obvious look at my equipment. Karen had apparently made a comment about the size of my dick.
There was more whispering and now both women were openly staring at my groin. I was leaning back, my hands behind my head, ostensibly looking at not much of anything through my dark glasses, but I could tell they were staring at my cock.
"All right," Karen said. "I'll take my clothes off." She stood up and quickly stripped down, spreading her things next to her friend's on the top of the log.
I took a good long look at her as she spread her wet clothes on the log She was about medium height and just a little plump. Just the kind of plump I liked. Her ass was nice and round perched atop legs that I'm sure she wished could have been slimmer but looked just perfect to me for lying between while I licked her pussy and used my hands to maul her good sized breasts. The thought caused my still growing cock to twitch. She had her back side to me when she bent to pick up her soggy clothes to spread them on the log to dry. Her posture gave me a good view of her fleshy pussy lips and of her breasts which hung down from her chest as she leaned forward. I was thinking seriously un-clean thought about those breasts. My cock twitched again. Cindy was watching it intently.
Karen sat down next to her friend, still maintaining silence, but periodically giving my enlarged pecker a look.
Cindy chuckled. "Something changed your mind, dear?"
"What? No. I was just cold. Hope this works."
"How long since your divorce, Karen?" I asked, hoping to change the subject.
"Two years."
"Three for me."
"Two blissful years," she repeated.
"Amen to that sister," Cindy said. "My brother is an asshole."
"Well, I see you two are in agreement on that point," I said. "My ex-wife would probably agree with you."
"Really? You don't look like an asshole," Karen said.
"Thank you. I don't feel like one either. I mean, it's not like I hit her or yelled a lot or anything."
"Rich did," both women said in unison.
"Karen's ex?"
"Yes."
"Not good," I said.
"So what did you do to be such an asshole," Karen asked.
I shrugged, "I was gone a lot on business."
Cindy laughed. "I know some women who would like to see their husbands gone more."
"And I cheated with other women a lot."
"Okay," Karen said. "That's not hitting and yelling, but it's not good."
"Speak for yourself," Cindy said.
"Cindy and her husband have an 'understanding,'" Karen explained.
"An understanding?" I asked
"Yes, they both cheat and neither one objects, so long as the cheater tells her partner all the juicy details."
"Oh. We call that an open marriage here in California."
"We call it adultery in South Carolina,"
"Grumble if you like Karen, but it works for us."
"I see," I said, turning my head to look at Cindy. "How's that going for you?"
"Fine."
"That's what pisses me off about you Cindy," Karen said with a laugh. "I married your asshole brother and tried to be really straight about things. I turned down a bunch of men that hit on me, and all I got for my trouble was a drunk who liked to slap me around and yell. You and your husband play around all the time and then go home and tell each other about it while you screw each other silly. I should have married your husband."
"You can screw him if you like, but I'm not trading him in."
"So you said no, eh?" I asked Karen.
"Yeah, a lot."
"I can see why you needed too. You're very attractive." I let my look linger over her breasts—not huge but still, sizeable and well-shaped, with large dark nipples that were swollen, perhaps from the cold weather and perhaps from her sneak peeks at my member. They were much better than her sister-in law whose breasts were pretty small by anyone's standards.
"Thank you."
"But I have a question if you don't mind. How did you do that—say 'no' all the time I mean? Especially when your husband was being abusive at home?"
She shrugged.
"See that's my problem. I just don't seem to be able to say no."
That got Cindy's attention. She looked at me and said, "Really?" I could see the wheels spinning in her head. I also noticed the nipples on her tiny tits getting harder.
"Cindy, what are you thinking?" her sister-in-law asked.
"Oh nothing," Cindy responded.
"Oh bullshit. I know you better than that. You have that look on your face. The one you get when you think you've found a way to get laid by some stranger so you can go home and tell your husband about it."
Cindy was silent, but I could see that she was now staring openly at my dick. The conversation had added girth and length to it and it was lying down the side of my leg like a log. Karen was looking too, but just in quick peeks, not openly staring like Cindy.
"Cindy," Karen said, drawing the name out and pushing for a response to her question.
Cindy seemed to reach a decision. Ignoring her sister-in-law she turned to me and said, "So, if I said, 'Let's go behind those dunes and screw,' you wouldn't say no?"
"Well, it's getting late and the beach is clearing out, so we probably wouldn't get caught."
"Is that a yes?"
"It's not a no," I said, "but were you asking? I try not to respond to hypothetical questions, at least not on that issue."
"Let's go," she said, rising to her feet. "Karen, you can keep watch. We won't be gone too long. Whistle loud if someone is coming."
I rose to my feet and said, "Okay, let's go." My dick was mostly engorged, but not fully erect, just hanging down between my legs, swinging as I moved. I couldn't see much downside in not saying no in this circumstance.
Karen spoke up as I stood waiting for her friend, "Cindy! You're just going to leave me here sitting naked on the beach while you go have sex with this guy behind the dunes?"
Cindy reached out and put her hand under my dick lifting it up so Karen could get a good view. "Look at this," she said. "You should be coming with us."
Karen laughed. "Go ahead you slut. I'll stand guard. He does have a big dick."
I followed Cindy into the dunes, a beach towel thrown over my shoulder. God, she has a cute ass I thought. No tits, but . . .
We walked a couple of dunes back from the beach, and then Cindy turned and threw her arms around my neck and kissed me. A long, wet, sloppy delicious kiss. By now my dick was fully erect and mashed against her belly.
Eventually I broke the kiss and spread out the beach towel. The sun was warm here in the shelter of the dunes.
"Lay down on your back. I want to ride that big thing," she said.
As soon as I was on my back, Cindy dropped to her knees alongside me and engulfed my cock with her mouth. She spent the next few minutes sucking and using her talented tongue to literally fondle my cock. Then she rose up to her knees, apparently satisfied I was big enough and hard enough. She swung a leg over my torso and positioned herself so she was hovering just over my erect dick.
"God you're big," she said. "I hope you can fit."
"Just take it nice and slow," I said. "Are you wet?"
"Fuck yes."
She had her hand on my cock now and was dragging the head up and down her slit. She gasped every time the head hit her clit. She hadn't lied. She was very wet.
At first the head of my cock didn't want to go in, but when it slid past the muscles guarding the entrance to her cunt. She gasped a little.
"Does it hurt?"
"No. . . Yes . . . but it's a really good hurt. Don't push. Let me work it in."
I reached up and begin massaging her tits. They weren't as small as I first thought, and I was having a great time fondling them as she slowly eased herself down on my cock. Oh fuck that felt good!
When she was finally seated on me, my cock filling her cunt, I asked her, "Okay?"
"Oh fuck," she said. "So much more than just okay. Your cock is tremendous. It's touching me everywhere there is to be touched."
I flexed it, and her eyes got wide.
"Shit. Do that again."
I flexed my prick again but this time I flexed my hips just a little pushing it just a touch farther in.
"Oh yeah. You're going to be so good." She rose up on her hips and let herself sink down again, . . . and again, . . . and again. I met her each time with an upward thrust of my hips, and she groaned in response. Our pace got faster; the thrusts harder and deeper; and her cries louder. Soon she was trashing back and forth, her curly blonde hair swinging wildly around her face.
We kept that up for several minutes. I was in no hurry to cum—just enjoying a really nice fuck with a lady who knew how to enjoy herself.
She leaned forward and was rubbing her tits on my chest while I thrust harder to make up for her posture. Her hair was in my face. When I pushed it aside so I could breathe I got a surprise. I could see Karen kneeling on top of the dune about thirty feet from us watching.
"Cindy," I whispered. "We have company."
"What?"
"Your sister-in-law. She is on the dune watching us."
"Oh that nasty slut," she said with a grin.
"Is she masturbating?"
"I can't tell."
"Can you see her hands?"
"No."
"She is. It's so fucking hot when someone is watching me. Ignore her and fuck me. Talk dirty and make sure she can hear you."
So we did. I rolled her over and began fucking her in the missionary position. Her legs were pulled as far back and spread as wide as she could get them and my cock was pistoning in and out of her with everything I could give it.
I don't know whether it was my fucking or the fact that Karen was watching us, but Cindy was really getting into it. I was sure Karen could hear everything she was saying
"Oh god, yes. Oh fuck, fuck, fuck! So fucking good. Yeah that cock of yours is so fucking good."
I flexed my hips and drove them forward with my legs, penetrating her even farther. She screamed. Not for Karen's benefit. Just in shock at how far my prick had gone into her cunt and how big I was.
"Is that what you wanted you slut—my big cock pounding in and out of that hot cunt of yours. Are you going to go home and tell your husband how good it was? Are you, slut? Are you?"
"Oh yes. Oh fuck yes! Oh god I'm almost there. Fuck me harder. Oh yes, yes, yes."
"I knew you were going to want it when I saw you on the beach, I could tell you were a horny slut just from the way you looked at me. Now you're my horny slut."
"Yes, I'm your slut and I'm cumming oh yes . . . Oh Aiheeeeeeeeee!" She screamed as her climax ripped through her, pushing her hips up and holding herself there as she finished her climax.
And then she was done, lying beneath me panting. I was holding myself on my elbows and knees, my still rigid cock buried in her cunt.
"Did you cum?" she asked, her voice low and throaty from her scream.
"No,"
"Good. Get on your knees and squirt on my tits. Don't look up at Karen. Just do it."
It didn't take me long. Just a few strokes and then I coated her tiny tits in gobs of slippery hot cum.
"Wow. That was a lot."
"It happens," I said. "Want the towel?"
She laughed. "Yeah, the ocean is too cold to clean up in."
"Is Karen still watching?" I asked.
"No. she left after she watched you cum on my tits."
We got to our feet and I shook the sand out of the towel and handed it to Cindy to mop up with.
When we got back to the beach Karen was sitting on the log, her chest flushed with the look of someone who had just gotten herself off.
"Have fun?" she asked.
"What do you think?" Cindy asked.
They both laughed.
"Ladies," I said, "It's getting late and unless you two have someplace you have to be tonight, I suggest we move this party to my brother-in-law's place in Bodega. I'll get a couple of nice steaks and salad stuff on the way, and he has a good wine cellar we can raid. He also has a great hot tub. It's clothing optional."
"Aren't they all?" said Karen.
Cindy was pulling her clothes on now. "Oh brrrrrrr. These are still wet. You lied to us about them drying out."
I shrugged. "What can I say. I'm a salesman."
"Don't complain dear," said Karen. "I think you enjoyed the product he was selling. Let's go to Bodega with him. Maybe I'll try some of what he is selling."
"Okay, but where's Bodega?"
"Follow me," I said.
"When we got to my brother-in-law's place the girls brought their suitcases in, and I showed them where to shower while I got the grill heating up, whipped up a quick salad, and raided my brother-in-law's wine cellar.
When I returned from the wine cellar, the girls were sitting at the table on the deck—clean, dry, and completely naked.
"Hello?" I said, trying my best to turn a two syllable word of innocuous meaning into a leer.
"Don't get excited, Andrew," Cindy said. "We're hungry. Let's have those steaks and then we can see where the evening goes."
I could feel my cock growing as I stood there leering at them, but it was a premature erection. They really did want dinner . . . and wine. Lots of wine.
Believe it or not, I was a little intimidated sitting at the dinner table with two reasonably attractive, naked women, but as the wine went down I got over it. It also helped that as we finished the food Karen told me that if I was going to sit there leering at her tits, I was going to have to get naked too.
"Oops. Busted," I said.
Cindy laughed. "You weren't even subtle about it, Andrew."
I shrugged as I stood to strip my clothes off. "What can I say. She has nice tits." Karen was preening, and looking a little drunk at the same time.
"Careful," Cindy said. "If you say too many nice things about her tits, it goes to her head. She's always been fond of them."
"You're just jealous because all you've got is bee-stings," Karen retorted.
"You've got a really cute ass," I told Cindy. "It's the kind that causes men to walk into phone poles as they look back over their shoulders."
Cindy smiled. "Yes, I did notice that you seemed to like it this afternoon."
"What about my ass?" Karen asked with a pout.
"Stand up and let me see it," I said.
"Okay." We were well into the third bottle of wine. None of us were feeling any pain, much less inhibitions.
She popped up and strutted about, wiggling her butt, while I leaned back in my chair and pulled on my chin like I was making a hard decision. Karen had one of those nice broad soft looking butts. Just the kind I like to hang onto for dear life while I fuck from behind.
"Mmmm. Very nice. Just the kind I like to . . . "
"You're not showing him the best feature of your butt," Cindy interrupted. "Go lean over that rail and spread your legs a bit."
Karen sashayed her way over to the rail and then rested on it with her hands. She bent forward at the waist, spread her legs, and then stuck her butt in the air while she let her spine arch. I could see all the detail of a delicious looking wet, glistening pussy. My cock sprung to life.
She twisted her head to look back at me, while she seductively wiggled her hips and shook the luscious breasts hanging from her chest. I wanted to run over and grab her.
"You keep that up and you are going to get assaulted," Cindy said.
"It made his dick hard didn't it," Karen responded.
"Hell, it's makingmehorny," Cindy responded.
"So. Are you going to do anything about that?"
Karen walked over to Cindy, bent at the waist, grabbed her hips, and stuck her face into Karen's ass.
Karen gasped. "Oh fuck, yes. Eat me Cindy. Eat me. You eat me so good."
I sat transfixed, stroking my dick as I watched two women I met on the beach engaged in no holds barred lesbian sex. Within moments they were on the floor twisted into a 69 with each girl aggressively fucking the other with her fingers and licking her clit. They weren't murmuring sweet nothings. The noise was amazing. Both were screaming obscenities as they teetered near the edge of a climax. Then they were done, collapsing away from each other and lying exhausted on the floor, head to toe.
Eventually Karen raised her head and turned her face toward Cindy's feet. "Fuck that was incredible," she said still gasping. Then she grabbed a foot and began to tickle it.
Cindy screeched, "Don't you dare you slut. I can't take any more. If you need more, go fuck Andrew over there."
Karen looked up towards me. "Andrew. Oh my god Andrew. Were you sitting there for that whole thing?"
I nodded.
"Oh wow. I'm so embarrassed."
"Why? It looked like fun. Come here."
She staggered to her feet and walked to me. I pulled her to my lap. It took a little squirming to find a comfortable place for my erect prick.
"Now tell me, I said. "What was there to be embarrassed about?" I had both arms around her and had pulled her up snug to my chest. Her head lay on my shoulder and one of her breasts was mashed against my chest. "Really," I continued, "It just looked like two ladies having fun. No one should complain. Certainly not me and I'm the only one who knows, besides the two of you, and I promise I won't tell."
"Yeah, I guess you're right, but I just never did it in front of anyone before, and" . . . she shook her head . . . " wow". . . another head shake . . . "we totally lost it."
I chuckled. "You certainly did. It was erotic as hell to watch. You can probably tell from that big lump pressed against your leg."
Now it was Karen's turn to laugh. "It certainly is . . . big I mean."
"That's your fault," I said. "I got really turned on watching the two of you."
Karen giggled and pushed her face into the crook of my neck. She was nibbling at my throat now. I picked up her hips and shifted her a bit to give my growing cock more room.
"Did you want to be where Cindy was?" she asked. She slid her hand down alongside my leg and wrapped it around my cock.
"Mmmm. That would have been very nice. Even better would have been facing the other way."
"The other way?"
I whispered to her, "I like oral sex, but I like fucking even better."
"Oh, that other way."
"Yes."
"So if I asked you to fuck me right now, you wouldn't say no?"
"Are you asking?"
"Yes. I know I just had a really loud orgasm right in front of you, but I'm . . . so . . .fucking . . . horny right now. Cindy told me how good you were this afternoon and I . . . well I want to try you too."
"You watched us, didn't you?"
"Yes, and it was fucking hot. That was so nasty, sitting up there on that dune watching you two rut."
I had one hand on her hip and the other was cuddling her tits. They were just the right size—a big handful but not overwhelming.
"So should we go somewhere?" I asked
"No, I want to do it here, in front of Cindy."
Cindy looks a little out of it," I said. She was curled up in a fetal position sleeping. "You did her in."
"She'll come to life when she hears me."
"You're loud?"
"Yes. You didn't notice when I was with Cindy?"
"Oh yeah. That. I did have to tell the neighbors not to call the police."
"Not true!" She said as she bit my ear lobe.
"Ouch!" I slapped her on the butt.
"What position do you want to fuck in?" I asked.
"All of them."
"I don't think I know all of them."
"I'll teach you, if you can last long enough."
"I'll try. Shall we move to the bedroom."
"No," she said as she hopped off my lap and walked to the rail of the deck. She grabbed the rail and bent over it as she had just before Cindy assaulted her. Looking back at me she said, "Now do me from behind."
She was wet and I was good and hard so there was no need for foreplay. I slid easily into her.
"Oh god yes. Cindy didn't lie. You are just right. Not huge, but big. Yes, big. Fucking big. Oh god that feels good. I'm so full." She wiggled her butt and I pushed it fully in as I leaned forward and reached beneath her to fondle her tits. It wasn't long before I was pounding her regularly and she was groaning and crying as loud as she had with Cindy. I was standing up now holding her by the hips while I used my legs to drive my cock home on each stroke. I couldn't see her tits but I knew they were swinging obscenely below her chest as we fucked like demons. When I looked back over my shoulder at Cindy, she was sitting in a chair, her legs spread lewdly as she stroked her sex.
We fucked in that position for at least five minutes before Karen wanted to ride me. I got a yoga pad from the house and stretched out on my back. My glistening cock was standing straight up.
Karen made me turn around so she could ride me and watch Cindy masturbating at the same time. Then she threw her legs over me and straddled me. At first, she just mashed my prick against her lips and moved back and forth using it to stroke herself. Even that had her moaning loudly. Then she reached down and grabbed by prick as she rose up on her knees. She lowered herself down so my prick slowly impaled her. "Oh fuck yes,", she said. "Cindy you were so right. His cock feels so good. Oh damn. Damn this is good."
I couldn't see Cindy, but I could hear her.
"See, I told you he was great fuck. Aren't you glad you decided to come along."
"Uh . . . oh . . . Yeah sure, whatever." Karen was too far into her fucking to have a coherent conversation with her sister-in-law.
I heard Cindy laugh and then she said to me, "Fuck her Andrew. Fuck her hard. She wants it."
That wasn't news to me, but I took my time and just let Karen ride me as long as she could. I was surprised at how long she lasted. It took her, I don't know, maybe 15 minutes to get to her climax. I don't know for sure. Who keeps time while they are fucking except maybe a porn star. When she did cum, it was an earth shaking climax that shook her to her soul. It came on suddenly and caught her by surprise. She was just riding me when she suddenly leaned back, went rigid, and screamed as her cunt massively cramped around my cock. Her climax set me off and I bellowed like a bull. Then we both collapsed to our side, Karen's legs and arms still wrapped around me, my softening cock still encased in her warm pussy. Her head was tucked under my chin and she was sobbing.
I heard Cindy say, "You two are incredible, just fucking amazing."
We ignored her.
Eventually Karen and I made love three or four more times that night, including a delightful session of oral sex in the hot tub, her on the tub edge, with her legs wrapped around my head, and then me sitting on the edge of the tub while she lovingly sucked my cock. I also fucked Cindy once more. I just had to try fucking that cute little ass of hers from behind. It was every bit as good as I had imagined when I was following her behind the dune earlier.
In the morning I awoke sandwiched in a king-sized bed between Cindy and Karen. They were sleeping soundly and I managed to slide from between them off the end of the bed. I padded out to the kitchen and made coffee. I pulled on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt and took my coffee out on to the deck. The fog had rolled in overnight and I had to go back in for my Patagonia.
About half an hour later the girls came out fully dressed and dragging their suitcases.
"You're leaving me?"
"Yes, we have to catch a plane out of Oakland this afternoon to go back to South Carolina."
"Why the rush?"
"Karen here has to show up at a court hearing tomorrow morning to get a contempt order against her ex. He doesn't pay alimony on time."
"Surprise, surprise," said Karen.
"I pay alimony on time," I said.
Each of them leaned over and kissed me.
Just as they reached the stairs, Cindy looked back and said, "Andrew your ex really was a fool to divorce you over a little thing like cheating. You're just too good in bed to let go over a little thing like that."
Karen laughed. "You're incorrigible Cindy . . . but you're right."
And then they were gone.
Epilogue
A couple of years have passed since my flank steak and ratatouille dinner with Lisa and my Mom.
Lately Lisa likes to go by " Miss Lisa," like a character out of a Faulkner novel—never mind the fact she has never spent a day of her life in the South. She even lectures on Faulkner at Cal as an Adjunct Prof. A year ago she and Mom decided to sell the North Berkeley house and move to a retirement community over on my side of the Oakland Hills. They say the fog that rolls in through the Golden Gate just makes Berkeley too cold for them. Today California not only has same sex marriage (which Mom and Ms. Lisa took advantage of a couple of years ago), but they also have retirement homes that readily accept same sex couples. How the world has changed . . . for the better I might add.
Shortly after they decided to move out of Berkeley they showed up at my place in Walnut Creek with a van they had rented. The old railroad bell from the roof of the Crow's Nest was in it. They couldn't take it to the retirement home (can you imagine those two ringing that bell when they climaxed at two in the morning?), so they thought I should have it.
I told them I wouldn't be needing it since I had undergone a major life style change. I was in the future going to say "no." They looked at me in disbelief, but the shock on their faces got even greater when I told them I was getting married for a fourth time. They insisted I keep the bell—just in case. It sits silently in a heavy frame I built for it out behind the Walnut Creek house. I need to find someone to give it too who will put it to the use for which it is intended—celebrating the joy of illicit sex.
Now I'm lounging on my back deck again. The redwood deck Dad and I built has been replaced by hardscaping (even redwood doesn't last forever) and I am looking at the fence I built when I was 18 and learning about sex from Mrs. E. It's more than due for replacement, but I'm not going to do it myself this time. First there is no Mrs. E living next door and I wouldn't do her if she was, because I've sworn off casual affairs. Secondly, I can just hire a contractor who will bring in a Latino crew that will knock out the whole job in a few days instead of taking all summer like I did. I'll have to listen to Mariachi music coming out of their boom box, but I can live with that for a few days. Actually I kind of like it in short doses.
There have been other changes. I have retired from Oracle. Thirty years was enough, more than enough. When I left that job I swore I would never get on another airplane again. It hasn't quite worked out, but I try my best.
As I said, I remarried. My fourth wife, Karen, is currently in the kitchen fixing dinner (the women of my life still think I'm a hazard in the kitchen). Yes, it's that Karen—the one I met on the beach in Marin all those years ago. After she went back to South Carolina she and I kept in touch and had a long running very intermittent affair through both of my subsequent marriages and her second marriage. After our last round of divorces we decided to recognize reality and live together. We had always really enjoyed each other's company, and the air travel required was expensive and tedious. The relationship just sort of gradually evolved into marriage. Cindy was her maid of honor, Mom gave me away, and Lisa was the officiant. She has some sort of certificate she got from some hippy church back in her college days. California isn't too fussy about such details today as long as you sign and file the marriage license. I'm not sure what Cindy may have gotten up to with Lisa and Mom after Karen and I left for a honeymoon up at Bodega, but somethings are better not to know.
Actually, saying no isn't near as hard as I thought it would be. It's not like I have a flood of young women (or even older women) knocking on the door these days. Maybe it's because I'm old and fat now. Karen tells me I'm not fat, but my waist size tells me something different. In any case my life is a great deal simpler now than it once was.
I still enjoy my Scotch and cigars. My golf handicap is higher, but I still enjoy the game with my regular foursome at my club up in Moraga.
Yes, I would even say "Life is Good." Maybe that clothing company with the silly logo knows something after all.