We had made the sale and it was a big one for my agency. The Miami based client seemed out of my Ohio based boutique agency's reach, but I had a hunch we could win it and I was right. This would immediately become our biggest client.
I had brought three girls from my team down to Miami to present, figuring the Hispanic guys representing the client would appreciate the eye candy. Not that the girls weren't good at what they did, but my priority was just on closing the sale.
During the two hour presentation they did seem to enjoy having attractive females as part of the discussion, and I pushed hard for the sale. They gave strong buying signals and said they would let us know. On our way to lunch I got two text messages in succession. The first was great news...they had met after we left and decided to bring us on board as their agency. The second let us know that our flight home was cancelled due to weather.
We may have been able to rebook and make it back with connections but I took it as a sign and suggested I book us at a hotel in South Beach where we could enjoy the remainder of the beautiful Florida sunshine and fly back tomorrow. The three girls were all more than happy to agree to an all expense paid mini vacation. When we arrived at a cute little Cuban spot for lunch we ordered a round of frozen margaritas and began to celebrate.
We had two more rounds before lunch was over. As we relaxed and drank I thought about how lucky I was, not only for landing the new business, but also to have the company of three lovely ladies.
I admit I hired the girls largely based on looks. The clients like to look, but, being married but not dead, so do I. It keeps me young, to some extent literally. I feel like I keep myself in better shape knowing I will see them. They make me look forward to going to work.
Mandy had flirted expertly today, and I was sure she was key in closing the deal. She was my first female hire, a classic (fake) blonde beauty, carrying a few more pounds like she'd like, but her body looked just like most men prefer, with ripe tits and a big ass. She was the sauciest of the bunch, not afraid to call me out and put me in my place.
Tiffany, was equally attractive, but very different than Mandy. She was been born in Ohio, but both her parents were Chinese. She was petite, with small tits, but great legs and a tight ass. Tiffany was a little shy, but she was already loosening up after drinks.
Finally there was Savannah. Savannah was the youngest of the girls, just a year out of school and only with my agency for two months. I had brought her on the trip strictly as eye candy. She really didn't know the business, but she was tall, had long brown hair, big brown eyes and an amazing body. She knew she was hot and seemed happy to take advantage of it.
The girls were all in a good mood and we were all feeling a buzz when we left. They insisted we go bathing suit shopping before heading to the hotel. We found a shop near the beach and Mandy took charge, picking up a red suit and telling me I should buy it for her as a business expense.
"Would you do that for me Danny?"
I am Dan in the office, but Mandy sometimes called me Danny after a few drinks when she got in a teasing mood. I laughed and picked up a white bikini and told her I'd buy her that one. Mandy looked at it, smiled at me and said, "Oh, you're feeling naughty Danny? Nice. OK, you have a deal!"
Tiffany and Savannah followed her lead, telling me to pick out nice suits for them. With an erection forming I picked out a white one piece for Tiffany that would barely cover her ass. For Savannah I got the most daring suit of all, a Brazilian micro thong style bikini. I was sure she would refuse but she laughed and said she'd wear it if I bought her that as well as another one she had picked out for herself. I didn't hesitate.
With our new suits in hand we headed to the hotel and I checked us all in. We agreed to meet down at the pool and I saw Tiffany waiting at the elevator wearing a cute wrap she had added to my bill at the store. She smiled sweetly and asked me if I liked it. I assured her I did, then we both got a little shy and went quiet as the elevator sped down. We were the first to the pool and I gasped a little when Tiffany removed her wrap and revealed her tight body in her white suit. She caught me staring at her very exposed ass cheeks but just gave me a little smile and asked if I could order her a margarita. As I walked to the bar I saw Mandy walk by in her little bikini, tits and ass spilling out and jiggling as she waved at Tiffany. I ordered a drink for her as well and hoped they somehow wouldn't see the tent in my bathing suit as I walked over.
We had started a toast when Tiffany spotted Savannah looking for us and waved her over. Savannah was wearing a fluffy white robe from the room and looked rather sheepish. When she came over she was flushed and breathlessly told us that she was wearing the micro bikini I had bought her, but she didn't know if she could really walk around in it as she had promised. I got hard just at the idea of her wearing it, but Mandy pushed immediately with an evil smile, "Well Savannah, you did promise Danny you would wear it for him if he bought it. Too late to back out now.".
Savannah looked down at her bare feet and nodded solemnly. She slowly slipped the robe off her shoulders and let it drop to the ground, revealing her young, creamy white body to us and everyone at the pool. All three of us couldn't help but gasp. Savannah's nipples were only partially covered by the little top, her pussylips just covered in front, and in the back the strong went right up her ass crack, fully exposing her generous ass cheeks and more. Mandy giggled, "Well, I think we might need to get a cabana Danny, just to keep the wolves away." I agreed to pay for one and Mandy went to a big guy on staff, flirting to get us a deal for a cabana and a bottle of champagne.
We were quickly relocated to a cabana, the big staffer getting a little handsy as he made sure to help the ladies out. His eyes roved but paid special attention to Savannah who was almost lewd in her state of undress. "Gosh, I am used to men looking at me but I have never felt as naked as I do now!" she exclaimed when we were alone.
Tiffany blurted out, "That's because you are almost completely naked!" and Savannah laughed and pulled a towel over herself.
Mandy reached over and snatched the towel away, chastising Savannah. "A deal is a deal." she said with a smirk. You promised to wear this for your boss, now you need to show off what god gave you." She added with a giggle, "Even if it means he will imagine you naked every time he sees you from now on!"
Savannah moaned and covered her tits with her hands but this only pushed them up. She bent over for the towel and in doing so gave us a clear view of her asshole, the string doing nothing to hide her. Mandy then turned her teasing to me. "You're going to give Danny Boy a heart attack along with that hard on." she laughed as she pointed to the tent in my bathing suit. Tiffany gasped but Savannah chuckled, as my face reddened deeply. I tried to cover myself with my hands but Mandy slapped my wrist. "Oh no...if we're all to be exposed, you have no right to hide yourself!"
I moved my hands and felt my cock twitch as my three coworkers all had their eyes locked in on it poking up into my bathing suit. There was a sexual tension in the air that Mandy lightened when she poured glasses of champagne for everyone and led a toast. "Here's to the new business, and to a great celebration in Miami!" Everyone cheered and toasted. Tiffany stretched out and her foot brushed my legs, making my cock twitch more. Taking another sip of champagne, I realized it really was a special day, sitting by the pool with these three beautiful women, everyone in a light mood as we all felt a continued buzz from the afternoon of drinking. Mandy kept our glasses full and everyone enjoyed the champagne.
The cabana was small and semi-private, only open in the front. We had four chairs, pushed close together. Everywhere I looked I saw the soft skin of my co-workers. At one point Savannah saw me checking out a nipple that had escaped her tiny top and gave me a little smile as she adjusted it to better cover herself. She had been drinking fast since coming down and was more relaxed with her near nudity.
"Being exposed like this...it actually reminds me of a crazy party in college." Savannah commented. Tiffany, face flushed from the drinks, surprised me with her eagerness to hear more.
"Well...I was a freshman and I had this jock boyfriend. He...used to spank me when I was naughty." she paused for a moment, as if deciding whether she should be sharing all this with us, but her pressed on, "And...ummm...one night he told me I needed to be punished further and made me agree that I would wear no panties under a short skirt to a party the next night. Well the skirt barely covered my ass so I had to be real careful, I couldn't even sit down. And...it kinda turned me on which made it worse. Anyway, Bruce, that was my boyfriend, he was determined to punish me further so he told his buddies I was naked under the little skirt and their eyes all on me only made me...ummm....wetter."
I was so turned on watching this beautiful girl tell us all this, but tried to keep my composure under my sunglasses. Savannah looked over at me, "Well you can imagine they all made sure I had plenty of drinks, and I loved the attention. At one point it was just me, Bruce and a linebacker from the team and the big guy told Bruce he didn't believe he had made his girl go commando to the party. Bruce didn't hesitate, 'Lift your skirt for him Savannah and prove to him how obedient you are.' I was surprised but I didn't really hesitate. It was exciting to show myself off like this with Bruce there to protect me. I turned, lifted my little skirt and gave him a nice view of my bare ass. It was a thrill but I had no idea that every guy there would find out I had flashed him, and one after the other they came up to get their show. It was humiliating to act like a cheap stripper for these guys from my school but also very exciting. There was...some...touching too. Later that night...well...I was so horny...Bruce...fucked me in front of two friends. They all saw me naked and begging for it."
We were all quiet, turned on my her story and finally Savannah said, "Well, now you know what a slut I can be. So don't be surprised if I take one of those guys back to the room with me!" Savannah had motioned to three buff young guys who were drinking near the cabana, and clearly enjoying the view. Mandy got up and started chatting the boys up, then motioned Savannah over. I watched her nearly bare ass sway as she walked towards them. Savannah immediately had them all entranced.
Mandy came back and put her hand on my knee and let it rise slowly up my bare leg. She was making me crazy.
"I think it's time you ordered another bottle for us." she said sweetly. My cock twitched eagerly and I nodded and gave her my card. Mandy smirked and brushed her hand along my cock as Tiffany looked on with a shocked look on her face. Mandy added with a more suggestive voice, "Is it ok if I get an extra bottle so we can share with the boys? And maybe some snacks?" I nodded, my throat dry, and Mandy gave my cock a quick squeeze through my bathing suit. "That's a good boy Danny."
As Mandy called for the waitress and placed her order, Tiffany asked me seriously, "Does it...hurt...to be...like...hard for so long?" she said, shyly looking at my erection. I was mortified to have her ask me this in front of the waitress but Mandy answered for me. "He loves it. Don't you Danny?"
I couldn't even answer, my mind was just filled with a combination of embarrassment and lust. I noticed it was just starting to get dark and the music became a little louder when Savannah walked in holding the hands of one of the boys. She looked like sex personified with both nipples more exposed than covered and her pussy just hidden by a small path of material. Mandy moved off her chair and sat on my chair pressed against me while Savannah sat in the dude's lap. The waitress brought in a round of shots that Mandy must have ordered and the guy immediately poured his over Savannah's tits and started to sucks her nipples greedily, paying no mind to the three of us who watched, transfixed.
I felt Mandy's fingers squeeze my cock again, as she gave me a sly smile, "You sure you can handle all this Danny?"
Things started to move faster as we downed the shots and continued drinking. Savannah's new boyfriend whispered something in her ear and she giggled and nodded in response. She got up, bent over and gave me a long kiss on my lips and thanked me for such a fun day. As the three of us watched her ass sway away as the guy led her away, it was now just myself, Tiffany and Mandy, who stayed pressed against me. Mandy laughed as she poured more drinks, "Damn, I love cock, but Savannah could turn me pretty easily."
It was clear she was far from done teasing me. "So Danny, your favorite eye candy is gone but you still have us." I stuttered that I thought all three were beautiful but Mandy wasn't having it, "Of course we are, but you must be fantasizing about one more than the others. Look at Tiffany and I...she has a perfect tight body, Stand up Tiffany."
Tiffany stood, a little shaky but apparently giving no thought to disobeying the alpha office girl. "Lovely." Mandy said, looking up at her. Now turn for us." Tiffany slowly turned, showing us her ass, both cheeks quite exposed, if not as lewdly as Savannah's. "Mmmm," Mandy intoned, now that's a great ass." Many gave it a swat and a surprised Tiffany turned quickly.
"A great ass. But so different than mine." With this Mandy got on all fours, straddling me with her big ass facing me. "That's also a great ass wouldn't you say Danny?"
I was transfixed and squirmed, nodding. "Mmmm...so...which do you prefer?" Mandy wiggled her ass while she demanded an answer, her ass cheeks jiggling. I felt hornier than I ever had, but also tongue tied. Finally I couldn't help myself and palmed an ass cheek tentatively. Mandy giggled. "Mmmm...how long have you wanted to touch that?" she teased. She backed her ass up closer to my face, but then lowered herself so her ass covered my cock. "How long do you think you could last for me?" she laughed as she grinded into my hard on. I worried I would cum just from the friction. "Beg me nice and you might find out."
I didn't even think about it before the words came spilling out...begging Mandy to let me cum. Mandy looked over her shoulder at me with a big smile then looked over at Tiffany. She reached down untied my suit and pulled out my cock. I wanted this desperately but was shocked to be exposed before her and an even more shocked Tiffany. Mandy then pulled her bathing suit bottom to the side, and expertly slipped me into her wet pussy. I grabbed her big hips as she started to ride me, and I knew I wouldn't last long as I watched her big ass bouncing up and down on me.
"How long have you fantasized about this Danny?" Mandy teased, looking back at me. "How long have you wished I would let you fuck me?"
That was all it took. I started to shoot into her soaking wet cunt, grabbing on to her tight until the spasms stopped. Mandy giggled and told me I was her good boy as she reached for a towel to clean herself up. The night had barely begun.