It seemed like a good idea at the time. "It's the only way we'll get on the property ladder this decade," John argued, and that was likely true enough.
But even so. "You know they don't pay serious money without nudity - or worse," I retorted. "We've only been married six months! I don't want the whole world seeing me naked." (Okay, that was an exaggeration, but audience stats do suggest millions of viewers, even for the less successful games - the adult ones, anyway.)
John held me by the hips and grinned at me, that sweetly mischievous grin that I adore and find so hard to resist. "You're gorgeous, Honey," he murmured. "You have nothing to be shy about. Besides, I like the idea of other men lusting over you."
This was no revelation. John is always encouraging me to wear clothes a little more revealing than I am comfortable with. That's part of why I love him.
The first time we met was in the first year of college, at a drunken game of Truth or Dare, where I was dared to run naked across the quad and back. It was dark, it was late, it seemed safe enough, so I did it, and from the gossip in the canteen the next day, I did not go unnoticed - although the witnesses, whoever, did not see clearly enough to identify me.
My memory of that night is fuzzy, but I do remember how exhilarating that brief public exposure was, and of course I remember the fear the next day that the truth would be revealed.
This exhibitionist side of myself is not something I dared to explore, however. I was raised to be a good girl, to dress properly, to value serious relationships over one night stands, and above all to believe in marriage to a man as a foundation for raising children.
With the economy going to hell in recent years, a good marriage to a wealthy (or at least ambitious) man is the only sure way to get out of the poverty trap.
John is neither of these things. He's a good man, though, and I love him. We're both lecturers at the local college, John teaching English, me teaching Maths, often to students older than we are. It was on our first date that he reminded me of that Truth or Dare party, and said how he admired my courage to do that, and of course I was horribly embarrassed that he knew of it at all, let alone that he remembered it so clearly.
But I like him, and we both love going to the cinema, and if sometimes he encourages that exhibitionist side of me, and if sometimes I allow myself to be persuaded, that only adds some welcome spice to our lovemaking. So what if we struggled to make ends meet each month, we were together, we were happy, and six months ago, nearly seven, we got married.
Six wonderful months. Wonderful except for the increase in the rent, for increasing debt, and increasing fear for the future.
One of the questions at the pre-game interview was, "Have you and your husband ever had sex in public," and I turned bright red in response. The interviewer's eyes gleamed with delight, and the huge television camera no doubt captured every nuance of my reaction in hi-def 3D.
"Once," I squeaked, a frightened little mouse, once my mouth could form words at all. Up until that point, the very adult nature of the games had been little more than a fantasy, a sweet, teasing, intimate foreplay between John and me, but abruptly it was real. A stranger, a man, was asking me to reveal truths that could see me condemned by friends and family, by colleagues.
I could have lied, I suppose. I could have walked out then and there. But John was right. Being brave and foolish enough to play the games was the one sure way for us to clear our debts and actually lay the foundation for a life together. If we were lucky, sharing a few naughty truths and losing our clothes would be the worst of it.
The interviewer leaned close, as if to suggest my answer would be in confidence and not broadcast loud and clear. "Go on."
"Last month," I started, then faltered, uncertain how to explain it, hesitant to say it at all. Would John, I wondered, dare to share this frankly sordid adventure? Perhaps he was in the next room proudly declaring me to be a saint, chaste and honourable, the ideal wife, the perfect mother-to-be, and here I was confessing to -
"We go to the cinema on Fridays," I said. "John likes me to dress like we're going clubbing. Short dress, high heels. Last month, he persuaded me to remove my thong while we watched the film."
"What was the film?"
"An old one. Madame Web, or something. John was playing with my pussy all the way through."
"Were you wet? Did you come?"
My cheeks were burning. My only answer was a nod.
"Was the cinema full? Did anyone see you?"
"About half full. We were trying to be discreet, but... I don't know."
"So was that all?"
Was I really going to reveal all? "No," I whispered. "We walked home after, and John couldn't wait. We found a secluded spot behind some bushes and had sex."
"Condom or no condom?"
The questions! "No condom." He took me from behind, finished inside of me, and for the rest of the walk home I could feel his cum between my thighs. I hadn't come that time, but John had been so hard, so brutal, that I didn't mind how dirty I felt afterwards.
By the time we got home, John was hard again, and he insisted I stay dressed as we fucked - it certainly wasn't 'making love' - and this time he made sure I climaxed before he did.
"Have you ever cheated on John? Ever had a threesome?"
Safer questions. "No, and no."
Except those weren't safe questions. When the game is revealed, it's a shock. I don't know if it's a game I can play at all, let alone one I can play long enough to win the kind of money John and I need.
"Contestants," a disembodied voice says. "Ready to play... Key Party?"
*
A country mansion, with a pleasant garden, surrounded by smooth, green walls, and topped with a high, bright-white ceiling. It is almost possible to believe the mansion really is out in the country somewhere, and not imprisoned within an industrial warehouse.
A mansion with twelve en suite bedrooms, a king-sized bed in each. No cameras, but lots of strategically placed mirrors. Plain white walls with IKEA furniture, a glass-fronted cabinet with an array of sex toys and at least three different types of lube. A chest of drawers with clothing in a variety of fabrics and colours but very specific in cut. We were allowed to bring with each of us a small bag containing makeup and toiletries, but no devices, and no clothes.
A large, central room with faux leather sofas, with a huge television set to highlights of other adult games, with a pool table and table tennis, and with a chest containing board games and miscellaneous bits.
A large open plan kitchen and dining room with tables and chairs enough for twenty-four. Cupboards and fridge stocked with food and drink; plenty of wine and beer too.
A small interview room just big enough for two contestants to talk to the only obvious camera in the place.
A small heated pool outside with deckchairs around it.
A Big Brother setup, in other words, designed for twelve couples. Twelve young couples, all fairly attractive, apparently heterosexual, recently married, and childless. That much we've managed to learn from talking amongst ourselves during the long afternoon. Twelve confused, fearful and excited couples.
"What do you think the game is?" Lyn asked me, as soon as the ritual of exchanging names was complete. Like me, she's bi-racial, her mother Chinese, my father Tanzanian, and we both have very English husbands. She and Will are from Manchester, John and I are from Sheffield. And now we're in neighbouring rooms.
I shrugged, attempting not to reveal the anxiety I felt, that I still feel. "I watched one couples game where the husbands had to spank the wives at the end of each day."
Lyn burst out laughing. "I saw that too. That one girl, Daisy, burnt the fairy cakes on her first day and got spanked twenty-four times. Went and hid in her room afterwards as if the camera wouldn't focus on her bright red ass."
And indeed, there's a seductive cruelty in staring at the inadvertently exposed bum of a woman sobbing into her pillow. I'd wanted to look away, to not intrude on this private suffering, but the camera had lingered on that rosy flesh and John, sitting beside me, had said, "I bet her pussy's wet."
Probably it was. Mine certainly was, and my own cheeks were more than a little rosy by the time John was done with me.
Daisy's husband hadn't needed foreplay when he came to bed. He'd practically ripped his clothes off in eagerness, his cock had been rigid, and despite the strange environment, the absolute lack of privacy, the pain and the tears, Daisy had responded eagerly to his tentative moves, and the viewers were treated to some passionate amateur porn. As we watched, John took me from behind, smacking my ass with rough enthusiasm, and for once I let myself enjoy it.
"But did you see the one," Lyn continued, "where each morning they watched highlights of the previous night's sex and had to vote off the most boring couple?"
The thought of anyone watching me have sex and judging my performance is honestly terrifying. How humiliating it would be to hear Lyn or anyone say, "Well, I guess Honey does dress and behave like a slut, but she clearly hasn't a clue how to suck a cock. It takes more than a nice pair of tits to really satisfy a man."
I do actually have a nice pair of tits, and I think my lips are perhaps my best feature. John loves to watch me suck his cock, but it's so girthy it makes my jaw ache. (Makes my pussy ache too, in a good way.)
It's bad enough that the cameras will see me naked, and it's starting to feel inevitable that the cameras will be capturing a lot more than simple nudity, but the likelihood is that these people, Lyn and Will and all our fellow contestants that we will have to see and talk to every day, will get to see me in a way only my husband ever should.
"That's awful," I said.
Lyn smirked. "The first night they were all quiet and determined to keep any touching hidden beneath the sheets. By the end, the winning couple was having an hours-long marathon session with every hard core position they could think of. It was pretty hot."
Is that what we signed up for? John would love it, I'm sure. No more hiding in the bushes, just blatant fucking in front of a vast, unseen audience. He's already delighted that I'm required to wear a short skirt and T-shirt, without bra or undies. He and these eleven other men are surrounded by sexy young women with pointy nipples and barely covered pussies. It's heaven for them.
The men, likewise, have no underwear, just T-shirts and stretchy swimming trunks that make clear the outlines of their swollen cocks. It's all completely ridiculous, but exciting too.
At eight o'clock, having all had dinner and cleaned up the kitchen, and had showers and changed - plenty of clean clothes in the rooms, but all the same design - we gather as couples in front of the television.
I have chosen to wear princess pink with sequins. John is in grey. We hold hands as we cuddle up on a sofa. On another sofa across the room, Pete (black trunks, red T-shirt) and Jennifer (red skirt, black T-shirt) are kissing, and the way she's sitting I can see her pussy. It's difficult not to stare, and not for the first time I'm forced to confront the truth that I'm not entirely straight.
I think she knows, as well. I spoke with her briefly earlier on, fascinated as much as anything by her accent that was sometimes London East End, almost Cockney, and sometimes distinctly Geordie. "I grew up in Newcastle," she explained, "met Pete on holiday, we fell in love, got married," all the time studying me with her bright blue eyes.
They're a very sexy couple. Pete's a footballer with an athletic physique and a cocky attitude, though he's not Premier League or anything. Jennifer's a gorgeous blonde yoga instructor with bigger tits than mine, and while part of me feels a little threatened by that, knowing that John has been ogling them surreptitiously all afternoon, part of me wonders what they'd feel like cupped in my hands, her nipples between my lips.
"Contestants," the disembodied voice says, distracting me from my fantasy of lesbian sex. Twenty-four contestants turn to face the screen. "Ready to play... Key Party?"
"Oh, no," I say.
I was prepared for many things. I was prepared for nudity, and for increasing degrees of public intimacy with my husband, with the idea of pushing my boundaries to stay in the game long enough to actually win something. Maybe not the grand prize itself, but enough to make the whole experience worth it.
Six days. That was the calculation. Survive in the mansion for six days. The prize money doubles with every day we don't get voted out, and six days would clear our debts and even pay for a nice romantic holiday somewhere.
Six days. If six days meant parading about naked or even sucking my husband's cock in full view of the cameras... for that, I was prepared.
I am absolutely not prepared for this.
A murmur of astonishment echoes around me.
"Husbands," the voice says, "please place your room keys in the bowl. Wives, have a look round. Which of -"
"What the hell!" Pete jumps to his feet. "My wife's not sleeping with another man."
"The rule," the voice says, "is that the couple must sleep in the same bed. There is no requirement to do more."
"Yeah, right," Lyn says with a derisive snort. "But we all know what the voters will want."
"Fuck," I whisper. "Fuck." I don't want to sleep next to someone else's husband. I certainly don't want to get intimate with some stranger. I search John's expression for an echo of that same horror and refusal, but see only speculation and amusement, the twitching of his lips as he suppresses a mischievous grin I know all too well.
"This could actually be fun," he murmurs by my ear. "I understand if you want to quit now, Honey, but..." John moves my hand to his crotch, to the unmistakable bulge of a hard cock.
It occurs to me abruptly, belatedly, that it's not just me sleeping with other men, it's John sleeping with other women. With Lyn, maybe, or even Jennifer. Of course he's excited. Of course he's eager. Of course I'm jealous.
"It's okay, Pete," Jennifer is saying. "It's just sharing a bed. We won't actually do anything."
Pete scowls down at her. "You'd better fucking not."
I study Jennifer, her pretty face flushed with embarrassment, her nipples particularly prominent, her pussy still in my line of sight, and take a fateful decision. "Okay," I murmur back. "But if you get Jennifer, don't hold back. Make sure Pete knows you've made a cuck of him."
John chuckles. "That's evil. Potentially break up a marriage, just to win a game." I can tell by the erect cock I'm teasing through his trunks that he's not offended by the idea.
"Play to win," I say.
John teases my nipples with his fingertips as he leans in to kiss me. "What about you?" he asks. "Will you make a cuck of me?"
Honestly, I no longer know, and just a few minutes ago I was so sure I would never be unfaithful to John. "Perhaps we should quit now, and not risk our own marriage with this dangerous game."
"Perhaps," he agrees, but his cock is so hard, and Jennifer is definitely flashing me. Pete is kissing her possessively, but her thighs are parted a little too wide for it to be accidental.
"Go put your key in the bowl, John."
*
By the time the dust and arguments settle, there are ten keys in the bowl and two couples have left. "What does that mean?" Lyn asks.
"There will be no public votes for the first two days," the voice explains. "The voluntary departure of a couple eliminates the need for a public vote. If one member of a couple chooses to leave, the other may stay if they are adopted into a throuple. Same sex members of a throuple share one key."
The rules cycle on the television screen, in between clips from our pre-game interviews. The volume is low, but at one point I hear John say, in response to the question about threesomes, "Yeah, once, in college. Me and my pal scored with two hotties, and as soon as we got them back to ours he crashed and we ended up all in my bed."
"You never told me that," I say.
"It wasn't as much fun as I thought it would be," John says. "I was pretty drunk, and none of us had done it before so there was more talk than action."
His disappointment with this is almost comical. His defensiveness too. "You were a virgin?"
"Well, no, not exactly, but I was pretty clueless." He shrugs away this memory and his mischievous grin returns full wattage. "What about you? Ever had a threesome? Would you like to have two husbands?"
The fantasy of having two husbands is certainly an exciting one, and he's teased me about this in the past, but it's not an idea that survives beyond the fantasy. Sex with two men? That certainly has possibilities. Marriage to two men? I can't quite picture it. I find the concept of being romantic with two men a difficult one to process.
"My heart belongs to you," I say, "and no other man." I kiss him to seal the promise. "But if Pete storms out tomorrow, maybe we can adopt Jennifer?"
Now, wouldn't that be interesting?
John laughs. "I may hold you to that."
*
At nine o'clock, we wives retire to our rooms, to ready ourselves. At ten o'clock my husband's key will open the door, but who will be holding that key? Which man will be sleeping next to me in my bed? There's a one-in-ten chance that it will be John, of course, but nine-in-ten that it will not.
I've spent the last hour studying the other men, gauging how I feel about being with them. I've spent the last hour feeling the weight of their own judgement about me. They're all quite attractive, in a way. Not in a way that, in normal circumstances, would lure me into infidelity, not in a romantic way, but if I weren't married, if I were looking for a casual hook-up, then I wouldn't object to any of them.
But I am married, and for all our teasing and our fantasies, I don't like that we're doing this. John and I have been married less than a year. We shouldn't be so willing to risk our marriage in this way. What if John does end up with Jennifer? What if she sucks his cock like a pro and begs him to fuck her ass? What if...
What if he falls in love with her?
Or what if I fuck Pete and John is the one who gets crazy jealous? Because that's where all this is going. A million viewers out there are going to vote, and the enthusiasm with which I fuck other women's husbands will determine how many husbands I will get to fuck.
No condoms allowed either. We've all been thoroughly tested for STDs, but I doubt any of us are on birth control, so that's a whole other worry.
Fuck.
Nothing like sitting alone and waiting for amping up stress levels.
No pyjamas. What is better? To sleep nude? Or T-shirt and skirt? The latter seems daft, and I know what the voters will prefer.
Fuck!
And, of course. When the door opens just after ten o'clock, it's Pete standing there, scowling - not at me, but at some imagined scene, of some other man, perhaps even my man, standing in the doorway of his wife's bedroom.
He hesitates at the threshold, as if his taking even one step within will set off an inexorable chain of events, ending in the destruction of his whole world. And perhaps it will.
Probably it doesn't help that I'm already undressed and in bed, my breasts bare and perfectly visible to him, to whoever opened the door, to whoever might walk past, and of course to the cameras concealed behind the many mirrors in the room. (There's a big one above the bed too.)
Yes, I took that step. It was inevitable, but not without terror. To know that millions of people are watching as you deliberately remove all. To know family might be watching, to know friends definitely are, to know colleagues will never look at you the same way again. It crosses a definite line from mere reality TV contestant to adult entertainment, and being squeamish about it will only incur the viewers' impatience.
I do it thinking of how excited John would be to open the door and find me this way. I do it imagining how delightful it would be for me to be opening a door to find Jennifer in bed this way. I don't do it for Pete or Will or any of the other husbands, or the viewers, but I can't forget about them either. I can't prevent the flush of embarrassment in my cheeks, and can't quite overcome a shyness in my movements as I pack my clothes neatly and slip into bed.
So that's the sight that greets Pete: me bare-breasted in bed, reading a novel. Pretending to, anyway. There's a shelf of books in the main lounge, all erotic, from smutty cowboy romance to dark BDSM-obsessed billionaires.
"Well, don't just stand there," I say with a casual indifference. I can't quite bring myself to flirt with him.
He glowers at me for a moment, then decides to enter, to close the door. To be alone with me in my bedroom.
I am alone in my bedroom with a man. Of course the atmosphere is tense. Nothing about this situation makes any sense. The weight of anticipation from all those unseen watchers is almost palpable. They want us to fuck. They almost demand it.
"Don't get your hopes up," he says, and heads straight to the bathroom for a shower.
I do feel sympathy for him. He wants to be faithful, he expects his wife to be faithful, he values his marriage. But he, like John and I, has chosen to play this surreal game, and that makes him my potential lover. It makes him my enemy.
*
I have a naked man in bed next to me. Or almost naked. Pete has kept his trunks on, but I can't not be aware of his gorgeously muscled physique and my own naked proximity. He smells of man, but different from John. If John were here, I could coil myself about him for comfort and warmth, torture him with my cold feet, wrap my hand about his cock and enjoy its hard proof of desire. But John is elsewhere, in some other wife's bed. Perhaps he already has his hard, desirous cock buried deep in wet, eager pussy.
Pete keeps to his side, I to mine, and he's staring up at the mirrored ceiling, too awake to sleep. "Why are you here?" I ask. Here in this absurd gameshow, that is. "You clearly don't want to be."
For a long moment, it seems he won't answer, but then he sighs heavily. "Injuries," he says, still not looking at me. "I'm on the bench too often, not getting paid, can't keep up payments on the house and it's all... going... to shit."
"Still," I say, "you've got a beautiful wife who loves you. That's important."
"Yeah." Another sigh. "Except I don't know if she does love me. I haven't been as good to her as she deserves, I haven't always been exactly faithful to her."
I frown, genuinely disappointed in him. "You cheated on Jennifer?"
"Not... Well. Sort of. Last year we came top of the league. To celebrate, the team got together, there was alcohol, drugs, and we banged a couple of chicks. It ended up in the local news, and Jennifer... wasn't ecstatic about that."
"Boys will be boys."
"Yeah."
I guess he is quite handsome with his short blond hair and blue eyes. I've heard athletic types have a lot of stamina in bed, and it might actually be fun to find out. It would almost be a shame to have him in my bed and not take advantage of him.
Or worse. "I'm sure Jennifer still loves you. She said she won't cheat on you, even though all the men here would love to get their hands on her. Although I would, if I were her."
For the first time since getting into my bed, he turns to look at me, frowning deeply. "What are you saying?"
"Only that this is an adult game. The voters won't reward restraint. If winning big is important to you, and to Jennifer, then the least she should do is show off her beautiful breasts for the cameras. I mean, don't you have any desire to put your hands on mine?"
Of course he does. They're right there in front of him, and he's no saint. With a growl of frustration, he turns away from me, his back a forbidding wall.
"If I were Jennifer," I murmur, picking up my book again, "I'd wrap my tits about every cock I see."
*
In the middle of the night, I awaken to an unfamiliar arm about me, the bulge of a hard cock pressing against me, the heat of a man's chest against my back. He's asleep, and it's comforting, so I make no attempt to disentangle myself, and after a while I fall asleep again.
*
John is freshly showered when I see him at breakfast, and he has an air of guilty excitement about him. My suspicion that he did far more during the night than I did is confirmed when Lyn and Will stroll into the kitchen a few minutes later. The moment Lyn sees me, she flinches and her hands move reflexively to shield her face.
I've been asking myself all night how I'd feel at this moment, and I'm strangely happy, quite proud. It doesn't feel like he's cheated. It's not about love. John is playing the game we've both agreed to, giving the viewers a reason to vote for some less amorous couple. I resist the temptation to ask him if he enjoyed himself with her - and whether Lyn is a better fuck than me.
I am not without jealousy, but I recognise it's a choice, not an inevitability. I choose to trust in what John and I have. Pete, on the other hand, knows that he cannot trust, that he broke that trust himself. He and Jennifer are at a table by themselves, a frosty silence between them.
I direct a friendly grin at Lyn, letting her know I'm fine with her sharing my husband. Her embarrassment is quite sweet, and I keep trying to picture what her face must look like with her mouth full of John's thick cock.
"Good morning," I say as she and Will join us. "Sleep well?"
Up close, I can see the flush of embarrassment in her cheeks, but after a moment she laughs. "Yes and no. Who did you get?"
"Pete."
Lyn's eyebrows shoot up in surprise and she darts an unsubtle look at my sullen ex bedmate. "That can't have been much fun... or was it?"
"I can honestly say he was a perfect gentleman."
Lyn's opinion of this is given as a derisive snort. "He should have just quit yesterday instead of souring the mood for the rest of us. It's his wife I feel sorry for. All these men eager to have a go at her, and she has to deal with his fragile ego instead."
Will is nursing a mug of filter coffee, apparently indifferent to his wife's enthusiasm for this game of adultery. "Who did you get?" I ask him.
"Amayra."
"The Indian girl?" I haven't spoken to her yet, but she's very pretty.
"Her grandparents came from Sri Lanka. She's a nurse, and very skilled with her hands."
"Only her hands?"
Will's lips curl into a smile that he fails to conceal behind his mug of coffee. "Her rule, she says, is, 'No kissing and no pussy.' Pretty much anything else goes."
"Oh, wow," I say, feeling suddenly quite threatened. "Anything?" I really wouldn't have guessed that about her.
"Let's just say, it's a good thing the rooms come with a healthy supply of lube."
*
It has rained during the night, courtesy of some sprinkler system, and the ground is particularly muddy in the back garden. An obstacle course has been set out there, the kind that requires a lot of crawling under barriers and through tyres and up nets.
We gather there at ten. Ten couples at ten, very fitting. David and Alison, apparently, a Scottish husband and wife, spent the night together. I wonder whether that was a relief or a disappointment. They seem quite subdued, but then we all are. Husbands who have slept with others' wives, wives who have slept with others' husbands, what is the correct way to talk about that in a group?
Not, I'm sure, "Amayra, hi! I hear Will enjoyed your ass last night? You must be sore this morning."
What would she say? "Oh, it's okay, Honey. I have this soothing cream that's perfect for the anus. It really soothes the sphincter. You must try it. I hear your husband is very girthy."
Which is one reason I've never dared have anal with him. It's not something he ever pushed. "What if we have to do it in the game," I asked him a few days ago, back before the even more terrifying idea of offering my anal cherry to some other man.
John bought some toys for me: a beaded anal wand and a buttplug. The wand proved to be an intense and unusual pleasure, an introduction to a whole new realm of sensation. The buttplug I wore on our cinema date, and without underwear too so that the jewel might be glimpsed winking between my cheeks. Especially the way John kept grabbing my ass and kissing me, and I kept having to tug the hem of my dress down into place again.
But still, it's a big step from toys to thrusting cocks, and what was before just a possibility now feels like a certainty. (Did John fuck Lyn's ass?)
"Contestants," the Voice says cheerfully from the sky like God, "there is no public vote today, and none tomorrow. I hope you're all looking forward to tonight. We certainly are. We can't wait to see all the lusty, adulterous fun you sexy swingers and swappers get up to."
Is that what we are now? Swingers and swappers?
"So how about a game. Wives, undress! The first through the obstacle course gets to choose which husband will get the key to her room tonight. Hurry! Get those clothes off!"
Despite the Voice's encouragement, a few seconds of mutual incomprehension pass with us all looking around at each other before almost as one we realise the challenge has started. "Shit!" I hiss, hurriedly stripping off my T-shirt and skirt, kicking off my sandals.
John laughs. "Which man will you choose, if you win?" he asks.
Honestly, I have no idea, but I do know that I don't want Jennifer to win and choose Pete. Pete, clearly, does want that, cheering her on as she sprints into the lead.
The real point of the challenge, of course, is to get ten women naked and slippery with mud. I'm distracted for a moment by Jennifer's legs as she squirms beneath the plastic trunk of a fallen tree, giving me a very clear but too brief view of her pussy, a delicious sight indeed, and then I dive down after her.
By the time I'm through and back on my feet, I'm streaked in mud from breasts to toes. Ahead of me are the tyres, three only, each with a muddy female figure struggling through it. I run up and snatch hold of Jennifer's ankle, but it's slippery with mud and she escapes with a kick and a laugh.
She doesn't race off, though. She kneels there grinning at me. "Come on, then," she says.
Not questioning this sudden change, I squeeze my arms and head through the tyre, eager to reach her. My nipples brush painfully against the hard rubber, and it's a relief when my breasts are through.
I scream as hands grab my ankles and start pulling me back again. Jennifer takes my hands and suddenly I'm the rope in a tug-of-war, kicking in a desperate attempt to free myself.
When I do free myself, I'm pulled abruptly through, into Jennifer's arms, both of us falling to the wet ground with her pinned beneath me, our bare, muddy breasts pressed together.
"Um, hi," I say, in no great hurry to release her.
"Hi," she says back, not trying to escape. "Did you sleep with my husband?" There's no anger in the question. No accusation.
"Sleep? Yes. Fuck? No."
"What did you say to him? The first thing he did this morning was grab my breasts and sniff them."
I can't resist ducking my head to sniff them myself, but I can only smell mud. "Mmm, dirty."
"What's dirty is you staring at my pussy last night."
"No, what's dirty is you letting me."
"What would be really dirty is if you kissed me."
"Here?"
"Now."
"In front of Pete?"
"In front of everyone - especially Pete."
It isn't like either of us has a chance of winning the challenge. At least five women have run past while we talked. And I do really want to kiss her. I'm pretty sure John won't mind, not with his dream of one day having a threesome again. And anything that makes Pete more jealous is a good thing...
Lying in the mud, in the garden, watched by our husbands and millions of others, we kiss, soft and tentative at first, increasingly with real heat. I've never kissed a woman before. It's different to kissing a man. Sweeter, softer. It stirs up butterflies of excitement within me.
"Are we doing this for us?" she asks quietly, "or for the viewers and votes?"
"I want you for me," is all I can think to say. And it's true. I love John, but I want Jennifer.
She kisses me again, a soft, lingering kiss, almost a promise. "My marriage is broken," she says. "Maybe it's time to stop trying to fix it."
*
It's wonderful to be clean again, to get all the mud out my hair and out of places mud should never go. John demonstrates his approval of my sexy mud wrestling with Jennifer by pushing me against the wall in the shower. I coil one leg about his waist as we fuck in this awkward position. It's my first fuck since we started this adult game, and I'm glad it's with my husband.
"I want her," I tell him as his thick cock stretches me sublimely. "I want you to want her too. I want her to be ours."
"I didn't know you were bi," he says, undeterred from this hot, brutal fuck.
"I think I've always been attracted to girls. I just never let myself believe it."
There are mirrors in the bathroom, in the shower space, no doubt microphones too. I am being watched by countless eyes as John's cock forces cries of pleasure from my lips, and my intimate confession is being heard by all of them. How perfect that they watched Pete do nothing in my bed last night and it's his wife I'm crushing over.
John is close. I can feel it. "Wait," I say urgently. "Wait." I kneel and take his beautiful cock between my breasts. He's so close to finishing that he needs little encouragement, and he sighs happily as his cum spurts against my chest, making a creamy mess on my clean skin.
But I don't return to the shower. I massage the cream into my skin, knowing full well the distinctive smell of cum will not go unnoticed in the mansion.
Now, that's dirty.
*
I don't see Jennifer or Pete again until the evening. They join the rest of us for dinner, but they have the air of a couple weary from arguments.
Amayra won the challenge. Rishith, her husband, is very unsubtle about his claim on her, kissing her on lips frequently, slipping a finger or two into her pussy every chance he gets. Amayra neither welcomes nor rejects this possessiveness; a calculated indifference, perhaps, that makes me think their whole cuck-and-whore act is one they began long before this seductive gameshow.
Lyn has been by the pool all afternoon, bathing beneath the fake sun, nude of course. Keeping her distance from me. She doesn't seem happy when John and I sit with her and Will. "Did I do something to upset you?" I ask. If anything, I'm the one who should be upset; Lyn slept with my husband.
She stares at me coldly. "It's bad enough that I have to compete against no-lips-no-pussy sluts like Amayra, I don't think it's fair I have to compete against lesbians too."
"I'm not a lesbian," I point out irritably.
"Even worse, a fake lesbian. I don't care how much the viewers like girl-on-girl, I'm not doing it, and don't see why I should. It's not like the men have to suck each other's cocks, is it?"
She has a point - or maybe not. No one has actually said they can't or shouldn't, and the throuple rule says nothing about whether there are two husbands or two wives.
I stand up and address the room. "Is any man here willing to suck my husband's cock?"
"Honey!" John hisses, trying to force me back onto my seat.
No volunteers, unsurprisingly. "What about you, Pete? I know you're not squeamish about other men's cum." Of course, I know he probably is, unless it's in some lucky girl's well used cunt.
"Fuck off," he growls, but Jennifer's expression of shocked delight is all I could ask for.
"Rishith will do it, if you're serious," Amayra says.
I let John force me into my seat. "Next time," he moans, "just pour a bucket of ice on my lap. It will have the same effect."
I press my lips to his ear and whisper, "I bet Jennifer and I could breathe fresh life into it."
Lyn scowls at us from across the table. "All you did was prove my point," she says.
Perhaps, but either way it's a useful reminder that this is a competition, that we will all have to be whores if we're serious about staying in the competition. "Good boy," I murmur, stroking my husband's cock. "Good boy." He's hardening up nicely.
*
At ten o'clock, I'm naked in bed with my book again, amused by the fantasy of having two cowboy brothers compete over giving me the most orgasms, when there's a knock on my door.
Which is unexpected, given that I'm expecting some random man with a key to get in. Politeness, I guess. "Come in!"
"It's locked," she says. Jennifer.
I spring out of bed and hurry to let her in. She has been crying. She's still crying. "It's over," she says between sobs. I catch her in an embrace, hold her tight, make soothing noises.
The door opens. It's David. The Scot. Looking quite startled and confused about the scene he just walked in on. "Can you come back in an hour?" I suggest. He nods and departs with obvious relief.
"I'm just so tired," Jennifer says. "Tired of everything. The lies, the justifications, this absurd show. I can't remember the last time I was happy, and now that I actually have a reason to want to be here, he quits. I know it's not fair to ask like this, but can I stay with you? And John? As a throuple? I know it's stupid -"
"Of course you can," I say quickly, and bring my lips to hers. "John and I talked earlier, and we both agreed you should join us if Pete left."
"I can stay?" she asks, astonished.
"You can stay," I say sincerely, and kiss her again.
"Oh." She bursts into fresh tears and clutches me in a tight embrace. "Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!"
I wait for the tears and shaking to subside, then push her gently away. That she's here is wonderful, absolutely wonderful, but the timing sucks. "If you're staying, understand that John and I are playing to win. Are you with us?"
She nods with determination.
"Good. Then get your clothes off, have a shower, and come join your new wife in bed. David will be here soon. Let's show him that two wives are better than one."
*
It's not fair. I don't want to share her with a stranger, I want her all to myself, and then to share her with John. It feels like we're embarking on a whole new adventure and my insides are swirling with excitement.
But there's a game to play and this is only the second night of eleven. What I want right now is secondary to keeping the voters happy, and what the voters want is adultery. Any lesbian action is just an appetiser for them, certainly not the main course.
When David opens our bedroom door for the second time, he finds us both in bed, both quite naked, blonde and brunette, white and brown, and the two nicest pairs of tits in the mansion in full view of the doorway. "Come in, David. Thank you for giving us time."
David is short for a man, with a wiry, muscular frame. "Why are there two of you?" he asks with the rapid delivery characteristic of Glaswegians. "Not that I'm complaining or anything."
"Pete quit the show," I explain, "and Jennifer's now in a throuple with John and me. Do you think you can handle two women at once?" I smile to let him know I'm just teasing.
"Oh, aye. Mind, it's my first night, really, seeing as I was with my wife last night, and I don't know that I like being unfaithful to her, though we did both agree that we would give it our best and see how it goes."
I shrug. "Technically it's my first night too, since I was with Pete last night and he didn't want to do anything."
"I gave Rishith a blowjob and let him return the favour," Jennifer volunteers.
Wow. I did not expect that. "And after assuring Pete you would remain faithful. I'm so disappointed."
Jennifer rolls her eyes at me. "If our marriage mattered so much to him, he shouldn't have insisted we play." With a heavy sigh, she adds, "I think I wanted to give him a reason to end it, but in the morning he was so jealous and suspicious I didn't dare tell him."
"The guy's an arsehole," David growls. "Good riddance, if you ask me."
"Well, he's gone now," I say, "and let us speak of him no more."
"An excellent suggestion," Jennifer concurs, and we share a soft, sweet kiss. "I don't know about you, Honey, but I could do with a good hard fuck."
"Sounds divine," I whisper, and turn to stare seductively at David. "Tell us, sweet prince, what fantasy can we fulfil for you tonight?"
David grins, and there's a visible stirring in his trunks. "Oh, I've a few to start with."
*
He may be small for a man, but his cock is nothing to be shy about. It's not quite as thick as John's but it's easily the longest in the house, and perfect for two lusty women to share.
His balls are shaved bare, like porn cock, but then I'm also shaved bare. John persuaded me to do the full Hollywood - the things we do for men! painful! - a few days before the gameshow, so I feel doubly exposed wearing short skirts all the time. Jennifer keeps her blonde pubes trimmed and neat, which I think is sexier.
We kneel together on the floor in front of him, taking turns, one sucking on the head of his cock while the other licks the base of his shaft. It's the first cock other than my husband's that I've been close to in years, and I'm glad that John got a head start on me. He already spent a night with Lyn, and I've no doubt he's fucking some other woman right now with unrestrained pleasure, so there's no guilt in this infidelity.
Whenever we swap over, it's an excuse to kiss. I love kissing Jennifer. I love the press of her breasts against mine. I'm impressed by the ease with which she takes David's cock into her throat, and I caress and suck on her hard, swollen nipples as he fucks her willing and very capable mouth. With my fingers teasing her clit, I kiss her neck and whisper, "I love you," and it's true.
I know that we barely know each other, that this is akin to a holiday romance, that life outside this mansion and its absurd rules may bring a thousand obstacles to making our throuple a lasting relationship, but right in this moment I don't care about any of that.
"Ah, fuck, I'm almost there," David says, and I quickly resume my position beside Jennifer. His first pulsing eruption of cum fills her mouth and spills from her lips, and he withdraws quickly so that the next splashes against our close-pressed cheeks and the third is aimed into my open mouth.
Once more we take turns, sucking the last dribble of cum from his softening cock. Jennifer licks the cum from my cheek, and I return the favour. It's such a porn thing to do, but doing it with Jennifer makes it an intimate joy.
"All right, girls," David says. "On the bed with you. A bit of lesbian sixty-nine will soon have me hard again."
Perfect.
*
Sleeping three in a bed is a new experience for me. With David on one side and Jennifer on the other, I'm hot and awake and can't escape easily. I miss John. The smell of him and the feel of him. Sex with David was certainly fun and satisfying, but in the dark of night he's not the man I want next to me.
Jennifer, however, is the woman I want next to me, and everything about her, her smell, the shape of her, makes me itch to run my hands across her skin, to tease a finger between her labia, to suck gently on a nipple, to bring her once again to the precipice of pleasure, to make her awaken to a crashing orgasm.
But also, I don't want to wake her up at all, for fear that she will realise that this throuple we've made is just a fantasy, that acting like an amateur porn star for the next nine days, fucking random men every night, will not bring her the happiness she craves. And I don't want to sleep, for fear I will wake up to find her gone, to hear that she has returned to her real husband, the 'arsehole' who loves her, even if he is just a man with faults.
David shifts in his sleep, his arm coiling about me from behind, his cock pressed against my bum and slowly erecting. It's a nice feeling, but reminds me of another worry. We fucked last night, several times, without condoms, without birth control. The man has stamina. We asked him not to come inside us, to finish on our breasts, or our bellies, or our bums, and he was good about that, but I know there's still a risk. I know there's a huge risk that I will conceive while playing this game. I know instinctively that the viewers want that risk, the taboo thrill of seeing a husband impregnate another man's wife.
I caress Jennifer's belly, imagining it round with growing life, imagining her breasts huge and swollen with milk. I imagine us pregnant together, John with his arms proudly around us despite not knowing which of the husbands we've fucked here are the fathers.
David awakens with a startled murmur, his cock pressing urgently between my cheeks. I shift position to allow him to push into me, and the growing vigour of his thrusts quickly disturbs Jennifer's sleep. She switches her bedside light on and seems confused for a moment about where she is and what is happening, and I love the wild, tangled mess of her blonde hair... but then she grins, and moves around until her mouth is at my pussy, her tongue brushing across my clit, and it's not long before I'm coming so hard I've probably awoken half the mansion with my cries.
*
Breakfast is the first time the three of us are together. Jennifer's anxiety is matched by a nervous excitement from John. Their only connection is that I love them both.
And that's one thing I do feel guilty about. This isn't a throuple out of strategy. There's no mutual recognition that we will last only as long as the game. This is the beginning of something real, in a world that normalises couples and barely tolerates same-sex unions. There's no legal support for polyamory, there are no official ceremonies that recognise marriage between a man and two women - not in this country, at least.
"Do two wives make a harem?" I ponder aloud, and John's lips twitch in amusement.
And that's what I feel guilty about: falling in love, when everything I've been taught is that John, my husband, should be enough for me - especially so soon in our marriage. (What do we tell our kids?) How would I have reacted if positions were reversed, if John had said out of the blue that he loved David, or wanted Amayra, and asked me to expand our relationship?
Honestly, I don't know. But John seems willing enough to accept my abrupt passion. I guess it helps that Jennifer is smoking hot.
"How do you feel about moving to Sheffield?" he asks her.
Jennifer shrugs. "I don't mind getting out of London. Most of my family's up north anyway."
"We're going to need a bigger house," I muse, thinking through the calculations. Prize money versus expenditure. "Another five nights, minimum. Six would be better."
"Fuck that," Jennifer says. "I thought we were playing to win."
"Oh, we are, absolutely. I'm just thinking about our future. John and I have been planning out our future for months now - I'm sure you and Pete were too - and suddenly all that is different. Exciting. Scary."
Jennifer nods. "I know what you mean. Especially for me, because you two know each other. You know nothing about me, and vice versa."
"We take it one day at a time," John says, "and whatever happens next, we agree now to share the prize money evenly between the three of us."
Jennifer nods. "That's fair."
"Look," I say. "Why don't the two of you go fuck." Complete the triangle, in other words. I want them to have fun together, to fuck with and without me, and maybe even fall in love.
Because that way, I hope, I won't feel guilty any more.
*
Today there's a beach in the back garden, and a volleyball net. "No public vote today," the Voice in the sky says, "or tomorrow either. We do have our first throuple, however, so one lucky man tonight is likely to have a thrilling threesome."
No one is in any doubt about who the threesome is. Everyone is suddenly staring at Jennifer and me, the men with unmistakable lust, the women with glaring intensity.
"The game today is topless volleyball," the Voice continues. "The person with the most winning shots gets to choose their partner - or partners - tonight. Have fun, and play fair!"
We're nine men and ten women, but it almost works, and no one is entirely sure of the rules. Almost by default, we make it men versus women, which doesn't seem quite fair, although what really isn't fair is that I'm not wearing a bra and all the jumping and chasing after the ball really hurts my tits - and Jennifer's suffering too. The men clearly love watching ten pairs of bare breasts jiggling wildly, but I wonder how they'd like it if their cocks and balls were swinging about in full view.
The Voice keeps score: "Another point to David... Nice shot, Lyn... Jason again!" And it's Jason who is eventually declared the winner. A plumber from Leeds, as tall as his wife is short, dark hair and hazel eyes, not bad looking at all. "Sorry, love," he says to his wife Abby, "but I can't pass up this opportunity." He grins at Jennifer and me, and massages his crotch significantly.
"I'm still sore from your husband," Jennifer moans quietly to me as we walk back inside.
"He's your husband too, now," I remind her with a mischievous grin.
"Can't we take turns?"
"Sadly no, but maybe I can do something to make your pussy feel better?"
"Mmm. I'm sure you can."
*
For the first time, I'm alone with Jennifer without worry of interruption. We can't do anything about the millions watching us in the privacy of our room, but that's a truth that has faded from immediate awareness. We've already done so much that doing less now would be counterproductive. The aftermath is something to worry about later, and the longer we stay in the game, the better. If they enjoy watching our lesbian lovemaking, so much the better, but all I care about right now is having Jennifer in my bed.
We've showered, we've chased John from the room, I even made the ultimate sacrifice of letting John be first to be alone with her. There's no urgent need to go out and join the others, and Jason the plumber is hours away yet.
I still can't quite believe it's real, that I am in bed with a beautiful woman, that I am in love with her. "How long have you been bi?" I ask her.
"Always," she says. "Why?"
"I don't know. But I never let myself believe it until you."
Her lips curl into a smile as she half sings, "So, you kissed a girl..."
"... and I liked it," I finish, echoing her smile. "How was it this morning? With you and John?"
"It was okay. We were both a little anxious, because it wasn't just fucking. It was more like a first date without the actual date. But I can see why you like him."
I breathe a smile of relief. "I feel like I've broken your marriage and risked my own, all on a strange, seductive whim."
"Summer wine," she murmurs.
"Hmm?" The allusion misses me.
"Take off your silver spurs," she sings, "and help me pass the time, and I will give to you summer wine." She leans in to kiss me, softly, sweetly. "Mmm," she sings, "summer wine."
I don't know the song, but I love her for it, and I kiss her demanding lips until kissing is no longer enough, until the only thing that can possibly sate my hunger for her is to see her writhe in ecstasy beneath me, because of me. My fingers press between her labia, my tongue teases her nipples, my teeth catch them. "Have you ever been with a woman before?" I ask.
Jennifer laughs, but there's a bitter edge to it. "Pete thought it was hot that I was bi, until he learned I'd had serious girlfriends before meeting him, that it wasn't just sexy fun for the men to watch. After that, he didn't like me going out without him. He really didn't like me kissing you yesterday."
"He's the only man who didn't," I murmur, kissing my way down her belly, circling in towards her pussy. "I've never been with a woman. I've only seen it in porn and that's all Hitachi wands and strap-ons and weirdly extreme bondage... and lots of squirting, for some reason. I don't think I've ever squirted."
Jennifer chuckles. "Forget all that, and keep doing what you're doing."
I'm more than happy to continue. I adore the smell of her pussy, so raw and intense. I'm usually on the receiving end of this sweet act, and there's so much pleasure in the giving. We did sixty-nine last night for David's benefit, and that had been fun, but also awkward and a little too hasty to properly enjoy. This time I fill my senses with the smell of her, the taste of her, the smooth skin of her thighs, the brush of her blonde pubes against my lips, the trembling of her flesh, her murmurs of encouragement as my tongue circles her clit or sweeps across it. "So good, Honey. So good. Don't stop."
Of course I don't. I make love to her with my mouth until she is convulsing beneath me, and only once I have drank my fill of her summer wine and she is calm once more do I return to kissing her again, lips to lips. "How was that?" I murmur.
"Like an angel's kiss in spring," she sings.
*
The predictability of it is almost anticlimactic. Give a man a chance at a threesome with two hot lesbian chicks - which we aren't, but whatever - and of course the progression is blowjob then lesbian sex then some triangular arrangement. Jason likes toys, however, and one of the toys in the cabinet is a blue, fourteen-inch, double-ended dildo, so for a good ten minutes or so, Jennifer and I are bum-to-bum, fucking ourselves and each other with that silicone toy, waiting for Jason to get hard again.
Also in the cabinet are several buttplugs, ranging from medium-sized to fucking-hell. There's even a glass plug with a hole through it, which just seems perverse to me. "Have you girls ever done anal?" he asks, and when I shake my head, his eyes light up with eagerness. "This'll be a treat, then."
Lovely. At least he's no John. His cock is average in size, and the prospect of losing my anal cherry to him is not as alarming as the idea of all the viewers out there watching. I bet all my students are tuning in every day to see what their lecturer is doing on her holiday, and now they have the pleasure of seeing some random bloke from Leeds give my ass a good plumbing.
While fucking Jennifer with casual vigour, he takes great pleasure in working lube into my ass with rough fingers, then inserting an uncomfortably large steel plug. That done, he switches to me, so that both pussy and ass are stuffed, and I can't deny it feels good, very good. I come hard and quickly, betraying to the world what a dirty slut I am to like this anal manipulation -
- and suddenly Jason is stiffening within me. "Not inside me," I cry, but he grips my hips tight and buries his cock deep, and I can feel the pulsing kick of his climax. His cum is inside me, his sperm swimming all excited at this chance to fulfil their purpose, racing upstream in hope of fertilising an egg. "Fuck!"
Jennifer giggles. "You knew it had to happen eventually."
I just scowl at her, and at Jason as he retreats in embarrassment. "Um, sorry," he mutters, but I think he knows his chance at anal sex just went out the window.
"Fuck," I say again, and reach behind to extract the steel bulb that's planted in my virgin ass.
*
Knowing it might happen and having it actually happen are not the same. I lie awake for hours, Jennifer in the middle this time. I think about the fact that I definitely wasn't pregnant before coming to the mansion and that I have since fucked three different men. If I have a child in nine months, the father might be from Sheffield, or from an hour's drive north in Leeds, or perhaps from another country entirely.
Stupid fucking gameshow. Whose wild idea was it to create entertainment out of adultery and impregnation? What possessed us to think we could not come out of this as losers?
What do you tell a child conceived in this way? "Your mummy and daddy loved each other so much they spent two weeks having sex with strangers, and that's why you've got two mummies now, and half brothers and sisters in Glasgow, Manchester and Cardiff."
I'm glad Jennifer is with me now. If it was just me in bed with Jason now, I'd be screaming - and not in ecstasy.
*
Clearly I'm not the only one struggling with this anxiety. Two more couples left the mansion this morning, so we're down to six couples and one throuple. The mood during breakfast is generally subdued.
We're asked to gather around the television at ten o'clock. John is wearing a black shirt and white shorts today, Jennifer's in schoolgirl white and tartan, and I'm in sailor blue and white. We squeeze together on a two-seater sofa, John in the middle.
Lyn and Will sit opposite us, and Lyn certainly isn't flashing her pussy. I'm sure David used it well last night, and I wonder if he finished inside her. I wonder if Amayra is still insisting her pussy is off limits.
It's only Day Four, and it feels like we've been here a week. I'm exhausted.
"Contestants," the Voice says, "we thank you all for playing, and for choosing to continue playing. There are now three days without public votes, and that's simply unfair to our millions of viewers. But we have a solution. This is TV after all, and what is TV without a little magic?"
Stop nattering on about magic, I want to say. Get to the point!
"The next three days will simply fly by," the Voice says, with an ominous laugh.
A clock appears on the screen, the time just past ten, but the second hand... The second hand is moving fast, sweeping its circular path at three times its usual rate. "In four hours," I say, "it will be ten o'clock in the evening." In just four hours, Jennifer and I will be back in bed waiting for our door to open. John, perhaps, or David or Jason again, or Rishith or Will or Rob or Stephen. Eight hours after that, we'll be waiting again, and then another eight hours...
"That's a lot of fucking in one day," Jennifer says.
"And not a lot of sleep," I add.
"You guys have got it easy," John mutters. "I'm the one who has to get it up."
"Poor baby," I say, kissing him and teasing his cock. I miss having him in my bed at night. "We'll make sure you're nice and hard - won't we, Jennifer?"
"Mmm, yes we will," she murmurs seductively, teasing his nipples.
His cock stiffens in record time, and its hard urgency answers an aching need in me. Uncaring that the couples are all still there around us, I tug the stretchy material of his trunks aside to free his erect and magnificent cock. Thick. Familiar. Exactly what I need.
"Honey," he warns, but I know he wants this. He loves this exhibitionist side of me, the wife who goes to the cinema without knickers and fucks behind the bushes and runs naked across the quad, the wife who fucks other women's husbands with millions of people watching, the wife who straddles him on the sofa, her cunt devouring his throbbing cock.
"Come in me," I beg, riding him hard, loving the way I'm so exquisitely stretched by him. I need his cum in me. I need to know that if I'm going to leave here pregnant, then there's a good chance the father will be the man I love. "Come in me, John," it's not a request, "and then go knock up all those other bitches."
Jennifer bursts into laughter, and John grins fiercely as he climaxes, his cock pulsing in glorious victory. "I love you, Honey," he whispers, pulling me in for a kiss.
"I love you, John," I whisper back, and before Jennifer can feel neglected, I kiss her too. "My pussy needs a little soothing, my love," I say with a grin. "How about it?"
Jennifer mock-scowls and coils a fist through my long hair. "I know what your pussy needs, slut, and it's not soothing. It's time for us to show the viewers exactly how lesbians fuck."
And with my hair still held painfully in her grip, she drags me back to our room, to our bed. "Last chance to tell me to stop, Honey," she says, taking cuffs and chains from the cabinet, "because once I tie you up, you're all mine."
I adore this dominant side of her. I thought John had satisfied me to the core, but suddenly my clit is throbbing with a fresh, desperate need. Jennifer is so beautiful right now. I love her more than ever.
I hold my wrists out. "Tie me up," I say. "I'm yours already."
*
Author's Note:Songs by Nancy Sinatra and Katy Perry.