Part 2
We staggered out of the stretch limo and into the hotel foyer with our arms around each others waists, partly so we could touch each other and partly to hold ourselves up.
Once through the doors a male voice shouted "Hey! Look who's here! Ladies ..... Ladies! Over here!"
It was one of the older guys from earlier, presumably on his way back to the bar from the toilet.
"Shite!" Molly hissed as her hand cupped my arse through the PVC.
"Come on .... the lads are in the bar."
Before we could do or say anything to the contrary he was between us and had linked our arms; "have you had a good night?"
He was asking as he pushed the door to the bar open with his foot.
"Look who's here!" He shouted again and a cheer went up from the corner where his mates were sitting and looking 'well refreshed.'
"Monty! Monty!" one shouted and a chubby chap at the bar turned, "What?"
"Get these two a cocktail ..... something with a dirty name!"
Our beaux guided us to the group and as there were no spare seats a couple of men drunkenly offered their laps as seats ...... "Fuck it!" Molly laughed and sat down on the ginger guy's lap and wrapped her arm around his shoulder which left her boobs just under his chin.
"Come here .... come here sexy lady!" A handsome silver haired man cajoled me, while patting his thighs.
Well, when he called me that how could I refuse.
I'd seen him earlier, quite tall and had the physique of an ageing sportsman. To some degree what attracted me to him, apart from his self-confidence was his neatly cropped hair with a quiff at the front, plus his well manicured and matching beard.
With a saucy smile on my face I slowly wiggled my hips on the way down and just as Molly had done, wound my arm around his shoulder then kicked my leg in the air like a can-can dancer ..... forgetting that I was no longer wearing panties!
It was only when I saw a guy's eyes nearly pop out of his head and the others around him nudging each other that I remembered and blushed as my Sex on the Beach cocktail arrived.
Someone asked where we'd been and Molly couldn't wait to tell them .... and tease them, loudly announcing that I'd 'sucked off' one of the strippers, to which I laughed and responded that she had done the same and given another a titty wank!
Which upped the electric atmosphere which was already a heady mix of Lynx Africa and middle-aged testosterone.
I virtually gulped down my drink as another luminous cocktail replaced it; just as I took my first sip the guy, whose knee I was sitting on sharply spread his legs, the way a man would do with a child, making my slip downwards. I clung on tightly with my free arm clutching my glass with the other, then using my legs to balance and again my right leg naturally went up and out to aid my balance; giving the men opposite an even clearer view of my stocking tops and hairy pussy.
Amid much laughter I pulled myself back into place but with my dress know exposing my stocking tops.
Molly now had her tongue down her fella's throat and was totally oblivious to my predicament as the Silver Fox did 'the thing' with his knees another few times only now blatantly cupping my boob at the same time, and I was now revelling in 'flashing my gash' to an ever increasing group of men opposite.
As my third cocktail arrived, so did the night manager, "Gentlemen .... and ladies, the bar has now closed and if I ask nicely can you go to your rooms as quietly as possible?"
One man among us tried to argue, but the Silver Fox quickly shushed him in a naturally dominant manner.
"How about we go back to my room and finish the party there,"he sexily whispered while nuzzling my ear.
I knew exactly what he meant, or at least thought I did so smiled and nodded.
He helped me to my unstable feet and alongside the others and Molly we headed for the lifts. As we waited he held me close to him, and I spotted a wink and a nod to to the man who had been snogging Molly. As the lift doors opened, the man and 3 or 4 others ushered Molly in and I was left with the other 4 or 5 including the Silver Fox.
Once inside our lift he pushed me up against the mirrored wall and began kissing me while pulling the zip down on my dress and cupping my boob. I wanted to stop him, but my arms where pressed against by sides by his friends as his hand went further inside the dress he squeezed and played with both boobs while passionately kissing me like no man ever had.
The next thing I knew was my dress being hiked up onto my hips leaving my lower half totally bare apart from my stockings. In seconds hands were squeezing and stroking my bare arse, making me roll my hips against a bulge in the Silver Fox's groin area.
Truth be told ..... I'd never been more sexually excited in my life as the lift doors opened. As he broke off from our kiss The Silver Fox grinned, and firmly told me "No you don't" as I tried to adjust my dress, "Walk to my room like that, give the lads a thrill."
I looked around and they all grinned at me and had twinkles in their eyes.
"Fuck it!" I sighed and smiled, "why not?"
He led me down the corridor by the hand as the others waked behind whispering and chuckling as I sashayed and wiggled my bare arse.
At the room he kept me outside kissing and fingering me as his friends filed in.
"Are you gonna play nice?" he whispered as he twisted his long finger deep inside my pussy, making me bite my lip.
I dutifully nodded through closed eyes.
Once I was inside he stayed behind me and fully unzipped my dress and dropped it on the floor as my heart was beating like a big bass drum and I swear I could feel my love juice dripping down my thighs at the prospect of being fucked in front of an audience.
As he nuzzled my ear again he deftly flicked his finger and thumb to unclip my bra then squeeze and wobble my tits, before dropping my bra to join my dress on the floor.
"Let's get the party started," he rasped, as he fondled my tingling boobs and nipples, "get your cocks out lads!"
"What the Hell?????" I thought .... but didn't say.
"Down you go," he whispered with a hand on my shoulder pressing me forward and down, "get on your knees sexy lady and get the lads good and hard."
"Shite!" I was in way beyond my depth ..... slowly realising that they wanted and expected a ..... gang bang!
My stomach churned but my nipples and grin gave me away as I slowly dropped to my knees and fondled the first flaccid cock before taking it in my mouth tugging and sucking it until it naturally got harder.
It was apparent that they were more nervous than I was, but after ten minutes or so I'd had all six cocks in my mouth while fondling and wanking others at the same time, so started back at #1 again, sucking and wanking it like a porn star; or at least that's what one of them said.
As I sucked all I could see at eye level were more erections of all shapes and sizes and I couldn't get to them quick enough.
Although I was focussing on sucking their magnificent cocks I heard names being mentioned in the background; but couldn't put a name to a cock, which was probably a good thing as I was revelling in the anonymity of the sexual acts I was performing.
After a while I was helped back onto my feet and moved backwards to the bed were I was gently pushed onto my back, legs dangling over the edge.
There was barely a noise bar the sound of heavy breathing as my legs were spread by two men who held onto my ankles and raised them in the air as the Silver Fox stood before me tugging on a nice long and chubby cock that I'd been sucking a couple of minutes earlier.
"Here goes." he sexily chuckled as he pressed his knob against my juicy and puffy slit. With barely any pressure his cock slid straight in up to the hilt, making me gasp as the angle made his cock find parts of my vage that I didn't know existed.
With his hands gripping my hips he began banging away like a hormonal teenager. As soon as his friends let go of my ankles I automatically wrapped them around his waist forcing his cock deeper into my love tunnel.
It was like an out of body experience as I panted, " Oh God .... Oh God ..... Oh YES .... OH YES.... So Good ... so good."
It had been far too long since I'd last had sex and this guy was as amazing as I'd ever hoped and fantasised it would be like.
"I'd better stop." He chuckled as we untangled, "gotta keep that for later."
I didn't have time to decipher what he meant as he was quickly replaced by the chubby fella. None of the cocks I'd been sucking earlier had been of Porn Star proportions, but this guy was noticeably smaller than the rest, maybe four or five inches long and not too thick.
"Push her legs back." He grunted as his cock quickly bottomed out. Two men grabbed my ankles again and forced my legs back until I was nearly doubled up. "Keep her like that." he panted as his face got more flushed.
"Don't cum too quickly!" The Silver Fox told him, "Nice and slow mate, nice and slow."
The man followed his instructions and his standing position and my being doubled up seemed to make his cock feel bigger than it really was taking my breath away when he thrusted with venom, while roughly fondling my tits.
Just as I regained my breathing pattern someone knelt beside my head and brushed his cock across my lips while waving his phone not far from my face.
"YES PLEASE!" I grinned ... this was a fantasy coming true, something my ex had regularly hinted at but never did anything about; an actual threesome, sucking a cock while being fucked at the same time..... "YES FUCKING PLEASE!"
Thirty minutes earlier I'd never have dreamed that I'd be in the middle of two men sexually, and certainly not six men taking turns at each end.
None of them cared a jot for my feelings as they took turns fucking me and forcing their cocks in my mouth and I was in sexual heaven sucking sticky cocks that had just been in my pussy and covered in my juices.
By now they had obviously relaxed and were giving a running commentary while their friends fucked my pussy and mouth.
"I wish my missus was this horny."
"Look at her cunt .... it's fucking dripping on the carpet!"
"She fucking loves cock doesn't she?"
"Cute arse ..... look at that wobble when Dom bangs her."
"I can't wait to get another blowjob .... what a fucking cocksucker ..... she should charge!"
I know some men had three or four goes in my mouth and a couple had a few goes at my other end fucking me like a whore. After thirty minutes or so I was unceremoniously rolled over onto my front and told to 'get on my fucking knees' ..... which I eagerly did and loved being at their mercy.
Even before the first man began fucking me doggy style my hanging boobs got a lot of attention, with two or three hands grabbing and shaking them, which made me bite my lip as they were so sensitive, but gave me a monster buzz too.
Whoever it was grabbed my hips and plunged his cock deep into my pussy making my head spring back which allowed someone to kneel in front of me and pull my hair back before forcing his cock into my mouth, my senses took over and I began bobbing my head back and forth as my tongue licked his shaft, while the guy fucking me began slapping my arse cheeks amid dark laughter.
"Come on Mickey .... enough .... give me a turn." A squeaky voice pleaded and sure enough 'Mickey' withdrew and was replaced by a longer cock, which went off like a piston, just as the man I was sucking changed places with the fat guy.
"Are you getting this on your phone?" A stage whispered voice asked and someone replied "sure am!"
My senses were like a firework display now, and I barely noticed at first when the cock in my pussy was pulled out and amid some laughter pressed against my bum hole ..... then with the greatest of ease slid into my bum two or three inches, making me gasp and groan, even though the fat man's cock was still in my mouth.
Although I'd had my arse fingered back in the club I'd never even considered anal sex ever before; even my ex didn't seem to have it on his radar.
Oh my God .... it was .... different, not quite painful, more uncomfortable than anything else. Thankfully he was thoughtful and fucking my arse slowly and quite gently, all things considered and when I acclimatised to having a cock up my arse, the idea of being buggered was so dirty, I got really turned on again and began pushing back onto it when he pushed in as far as his cock would go.
The commentary picked up again,
"Fucking hell ... she likes it up the arse as well!"
"Have you ever done someone up the arse?" "Nah mate .... but I'm having a go here!"
My mind was in a daze as a second man tried to get his cock in my mouth at the same time as the fat man, but failed as I was concentrating on the cock in my arse until I heard the Silver Fox tell the man to pull out and ''give someone else a go."
With a dirty cackle he pulled his cock out and gave me a couple of stinging spanks before someone else took over.
Maybe four had fucked my arse when the Alpha Silver Fox, told them 'time was up' 'so get her back on the floor.
My head was spinning with the drink and sexual excess so I had no idea what was happening or expected when I was manhandled off the bed then arranged on my knees and surrounded again.
"BUKKAKE!!!" Someone shouted.
I had no idea what that meant, but quickly worked it out when all six began wanking furiously in front of my face.
Without it being a conscious thought, I decided to help out by sucking their cocks while they wanked .... even the ones that must have been up my arse minutes before!
It didn't take long for the first one to step forward and begin grunting as he shot a load of jizz that landed on my cheek then dripped onto my boobs. He was then unceremoniously pushed to one side by the chubby guy, who lifted his belly up and pressed his dick against my cheek, rubbing it furiously while panting "Yes ... yes... oh fuck .... yes... yes... YES!" Followed by three squirts of jizz that splashed onto my eye.
I went to wipe it but the Silverback sharply grunted, "Leave it!" then I heard the click of another camera phone, "keep your hands behind your back."
Two men were now tugging at their cocks and I couldn't resist kissing and sucking their bulbous knobs to help them along the way; and it worked as they squirted simultaneously with one unloading what looked and felt like a month's worth of spunk onto my face.
"Bukkake!" They shouted and high-fived while smearing the last of their gunk onto my cheeks.
This pretty much left the Silverback, who stepped forward and grabbed a handful of hair which made me gasp and as I did he pushed his thick cock into my mouth making me choke.
"That's the way you dirty cunt." He groaned while fucking my mouth, "do you like being treat like a slut?"
With his cock filling my mouth I managed to nod, then when he pulled it out gasped "yes .... I'm fucking loving it." As drool rand down my chin.
It didn't take him much longer to add his cum to his friends' which was all over my face and tits.
Realising they were finished with me I sat back on my heels while two men took some more photos of my face before picking up their clothes and left the room without even a Thank you, leaving me with the Silver Fox and the ginger guy who seemed like they now didn't know what to do as their adrenaline and testosterone had all but disappeared.
"Can you help me up?" I nervously asked the ginger guy, who took my arm and guided me to my feet.
As I steadied myself I realised neither man could make eye contact with me, so I saucily wiggled my way to the bathroom.
"Oh shit!" I was shocked and gasped when I saw my reflection in the mirror, as my face was smeared and virtually covered with spunk. Then as I ran the tap a naughty smile lit up my face as it had been the most exciting and thrilling hour or so and if that was the result so be it.
I had a long and satisfying pee then washed my face and boobs clean or as clean as I could because I wanted to get out as quickly as possible.
Satisfied I was as clean as I could be I realised my dress was in the other room, so after hitching my stockings back up I went back into the bedroom where the two men were standing looking a bit sheepish next to the window barely looking at me as I picked up my dress and put it on, struggling with the zip as my hands were shaking.
"I could do with a hand here." I looked at them and grinned; knowing they just wanted me away as quickly as possible.
The Silver Fox came over and fumbled with the zip but managed to pull it up without touching my skin.
"Thanks ... you know .... for .... you know .... are you okay?" He mumbled as he stepped back.
"Oh yes sweetie .... that was fucking amazing ..... I loved every minute ... and every cock." I grinned as he blushed.
I caressed his cheek and blew him a kiss before letting myself out and doing 'the walk of shame back to my room on the floor below.'
When I let myself in Molly was totally oblivious to me being in the room and was curled up in her single bed with a heavily tattooed man with a shaved head and a big bushy beard.
I had another wash, trying to get rid of the smell they'd left on me, then after peeling my stockings off got into my dishevelled bed and was asleep in minutes.
The next I knew was Molly getting fucked by the tattooed guy. Squinting I couldn't take my eyes off them, and soon began stroking my clit; cumming at nearly the same time as the guy fucking my friend.
As he pulled out and rested on his ankles he looked across at me and winked; "Enjoy that?"
I smiled and nodded.
"Fancy a go?" He smirked while his shiny cock dangled between his legs.
I shook my head .... I'd had more than enough sex for one weekend; but his long thick cock did look tempting.
He shrugged his shoulders then clambered off the bed and got dressed, facing me at all times until he finally tucked his cock in his briefs.
With a kiss on the cheek for Molly he left us alone.
"What happened to you last night?" She asked.
I let out a heavy sigh and told her I'd tell her everything later; but needed a shower as we had to depart the room in less than an hour.
When we checked out two of the men who I'd been with were in the lounge. They had obviously seen me but made no attempt at contact.
On the way to the station we stopped at a cafe for strong coffee and some breakfast. It was plain to see that Molly was desperate to tell me about her night; so I let her ..... it turned out she had brought three men back to the room and had sex with all of them; living out her favourite fantasy.
It was my turn to confess when we were on the train and her eyes nearly popped out of her head when I began my story, and by the end we were both squirming in our seats, with my friend suggesting we nip into the toilet for a quickie .... I declined, but as we left the station was easily convinced to go back to her flat for a 'coffee' .... but we both knew caffeine wouldn't really be involved.