A few weeks back my wife and I was going to mow the grass. Our back yard takes about three times longer than the front to mow. Our back is fenced, Only one neighbor can see in it and he never home. It's not uncommon for Erica to mow on the riding mower nude in the back yard.
This day is no different.
It was around 11:00 we haven't gotten dressed so I put a pair of shorts on and went out to the out building to get the push mower out and gas up both push mower and the ridden.
As I was cranking the push mower Erica was coming out of the house without anything on not even any shoes.
I looked as I was heading to the front yard to mow with the push mower.
It took me about twenty minutes to mow then I took the lawn mower back to the building. I got the weed eater out went to the front and trimmed. Then went to the back and trimmed to as Erica was still mowing.
When finished took the weed eater back to the building and hung it up.
As I came out of the building, Tim a friend of mine came through the gate.
Tim said he just dropped by to see what I was doing. Heard the lawn mower and came to the back to say hello,
I don't think he seen Erica yet. He walked over to the building. We started talking then he got quit as he was looking Erica's way.
Tim asked if this was a bad time? Never quit looking her way.
I told him no. You need to tell Erica hello. She will be surprised to see you.
He look at me and said I bet she will.
About that time see looked our way and turned the mower quickly to the other side of the yard. She kept mowing until it was finished.
We stood there watching her.
She had to bring the mower down to the building. There was not another way to get in the house without coming our way.
She pulled the mower into to the building we stood there watching her. Erica cut the mower off , got off and walked out in front of us.
Erica walked out and started talking to us.
After about ten minutes she had not covered anything she said why don't we go up the deck and set down.
We did. A great sight watching her going up the steps .
We set down Erica also.
After a short time Erica asked if we wanted anything to drink. I thought this was her way to put something on. I told her we did. She went in to get it.
Tim said this was a good time to come by.
I think he enjoyed seeing Erica nude. I was.
Erica came back out with our drinks and a towel over her shoulder. She set our drinks down on the table between us. The towel had covered her tit's the way it was around her neck.
Erica spread her towel on the lounger and set down wasn't trying to hide anything.
I was getting excited I'm sure Tim was.
We talked for a while then Erica got up and went inside. Tim looked at me and told me that I was a lucky man.
Shortly Erica came back out with some more drinks and her sun tan oil .
She set back down and started putting the sun tan oil on. We watched her as she put it all over her tits, legs as she was pulling them up and you could see her pussy.
This was exciting for me. She got up brought her oil over to me. Asked me to get her back as she set on my legs.
When I got her back done I told her to stand up. I got her ass even in her crack too .
She went over to her lounger and let the back down an lay down on her stomach. Ass in the air with her legs spread a bit we both enjoyed looking at her pussy and ass.
As the time went on she turned over set up spread her legs to both sides of the lounger pussy open for us I think.
Nothing hidden stood up walked around in and out of the house. As we talked and every body had a great time drinking and watching Erica.
After about two or three hours Tim said he had to go but didn't want to he was enjoying his show. In about ten minutes he was leaving.
Erica walked to the gate with us and said this is as far as she goes. Gave him a big hug with her tit rubbing him and said come back soon.
I walked Tim to his truck he told me he didn't believe Erica did that. He told me again he had a good time and hopped she might do that again.
I told Tim I'm not sure why she stayed naked this was not like her but hoped she would do it more often.
When I got back up to the deck Erica was still out sunning.
I told Erica how much I enjoyed seeing her naked in front of Tim and myself. I told her that I was excited watching her rub sun tan oil on her leg and pussy knowing that Tim was too.
Erica told me that she didn't know what to do when see looked and saw Tim. Said it didn't look like we wasn't going anywhere. She didn't have a choice but to come on down knowing we could see her. So she decided to let us see what every we wanted. She said she never felt uncomfortable. So she thought she would go for it, let us have some fun, and get some sun. She thought we would be excited , that turn her on, and made her want to show off even more.
Erica asked me if I could have sex with her while Tim was watching.
I told her I thought I could.
Asked her why?
Asked if she could?
She told me she didn't know if she could but the thought got her excited.
I went over gave her a big hug and told her I would take her anywhere she wanted to go for supper.
We had a big steak dinner and went home.
After getting back.
We got naked and set around on the deck drinking.
Erica went into the house and came out with a blanket. Spread it out on the deck laid down spread her legs with her knees up. Said look all you want .
When your threw looking come on down and have your way.
It didn't take me long to get down there.
When we got threw she said she thought about Tim watching us.
Erica told me think of him watching was getting her excited .
That got me excited to.
I got hard again shortly and we went at it again.
We had a great night.
LOVE THAT GIRL!