Part 1- The Intro
---
Hi. I'm Angie. My exhibitionist streak started after the youngest of my two kids went to kindergarten. The day I dropped my little one off at school for the first time, my Stay-At-Home Mom identity started to crack. I cleaned and cooked during the day but it didn't occupy enough of my time. I had been going non-stop for eight straight years with my kids demanding all of my time and suddenly I was adrift from that way of living. I talked to my husband, Scott, about my crisis.
"Angie," he told me, "you've worked your ass off the last eight years taking care of our two kids. Enjoy yourself! Watch soap operas. Work on your tan. Drink cosmos with your friends in the afternoons. I don't care as long as you reward yourself for raising our babies!"
So, I took his advice. I started watching soap operas and getting wrapped up in the drama. I loved the desire and passion of them and decided to search for romance stories online. I'm from a very conservative religious background. I grew up thinking of sex as bad and nudity as a sin of some kind. I never slept with Scott before we got married and I still didn't let him see me naked that often. It just felt "dirty." So you can imagine my naivete when I searched for "romance stories online" and wound up on an erotica website. I didn't realize what I was reading until I was already hooked on the story. In my mind's eye, I was the woman I was reading about. The resort employee was pulling off my bikini. He was oiling my body. He was fingering me in front of everyone at the pool. I was the one having the mind-blowing orgasm. Before I knew it, I was naked on the office chair, my legs wide open and feet pressing on the desk in front of me. My fingers worked my clit just like the pool boy I was reading about with that woman. He was playing with me as I read. Wave after wave of glorious pleasure washed over me. That morning I had woken up to sex in a way I never knew it could exist.
Every morning after that day I had a routine- after I dropped off the kids at school I would race home and read a story or two. Lunch was cleaning time and my afternoons were filled with working out to lose the baby weight I still had and/or tanning nude on our patio. After a few months I looked as good as I had in my early twenties... and Scott started taking notice. My wardrobe of sweatpants and baggy tops had been replaced with tight, low-cut shirts and ass-hugging jeans, skirts, and shorts. I loved watching heads turn at the store or as I picked up my kids at school. I got a kick out of seeing Scott's cock bulge in his pants as I walked around in lingerie after our kids went to bed. Our love life was getting more and more exciting but I kept my erotica reading hidden from him. After months of my fantasies only happening in my mind I finally got to the point that I was ready to do something wild and thought I knew the way into it... through Scott's eyes.
One night I was sucking his cock and stopped right before he blew his load.
"Baby," I said as I looked up at him, "I don't like my breasts."
Scott played the part of a man perfectly... he didn't say a word and just let me talk, praying that I was about to say what every man wants to hear.
I held my B cups in my hands, playing with my nipples as he watched me, and told him, "Breastfeeding really took a lot of the perk out of them. I think I want to get implants. Don't say anything yet... please let me finish."
He was eating this up. His cock was twitching just inches from my face. I thought he was going to cum all over me if I so little as blew on him.
I kept talking, massaging his ass with one hand and caressing his balls with the other. "I know it's expensive. I know. So here's what I want to do to make it worth your while: you let me get D cups and I'll let you pick a vacation to anywhere you want this Fall. No kids. Just us. I' haven't been a good lover to you for the first fifteen years of our marriage... I know that and I'm sorry. I want to give you a vacation that is only about romance. You can play with my new breasts all you want. I'll dress extra sexy just for you and do anything you want me to do. Anything, baby. I'll be your little love slave for our whole vacation."
I coyly looked up at him and took his cock into my mouth again, flicking my tongue back and forth over it. I had thrown him a softball pitch and was waiting for him to hit it out of the park.
He was about to blow. His breathing was short and rapid and as he spoke it was a mixture of moaning and talking, "OK, Angie. It'll eat into our saving but if makes you happy you can do it. Can I ask for something now?"
He had taken the bait, hook, line, and sinker. I slid his dick out of my mouth and said, "Sure, Scott."
He looked at me and said more as a command than a request, "Let me cum on you."
He hand never asked for anything like that before. I decided to let my true self come out that night.
"Baby, if you let me get new tits, you can cum on me every day of our vacation. I'll rub your cum in like lotion if you want," I told him as I lay down on the floor and started fingering myself.
I had never fingered myself in front of him before.
At first he just stood there and watched me get off. Slowly, he joined me in masturbating and started rubbing his cock. In a flash he came all over my belly and tits. With one hand I rubbed it all over myself while I masturbated with the other. Scott didn't know what to do! He just stared at me as an orgasm built within me. I was getting my big tits I had dreamed of. I imagined all of the men who would stare at my nipples through thin shirts. I fantasized about Scott rubbing lotion on my new breasts on a beach. I moaned as I came and licked Scott's cum off of my fingers as the wave of glory subsided.
Checkmate. I got my tits and he didn't even know that I wanted him to have his way with me.
---
Three weeks later I got my D cups. Three months after that the kids were back in school and we were leaving for our vacation. Scott decided to keep where we were going a surprise. After giving Scott's parents the basic instructions for how to deal with the kids, we were on our way to the airport and I still had no idea where we were going... it was so nerve wracking!
As we parked in Long-Term Parking Scott turned off the car and looked at me. I was expecting a happy, eager look on his face so I was quite put off when I saw that he looked nervous as he was about to talk with me.
"Angie," he said, "you're not that good with computers, right?"
I nodded as he kept talking.
"I've been aware of your erotic story reading since you first began visiting those websites."
I felt my face flush with embarrassment and my stomach sink as I realized he knew every one of my deepest darkest fantasies. I looked down at the floor of the car in humiliation but he grabbed my face and pulled it back up to meet his eyes.
Scott spoke tenderly to me, "Angie, these last few months have been the best of our marriage thanks to those stories. I'm so happy you found them! You said you wanted this vacation to be all about romance and sex... so I have a choice for you. You packed your own suitcase but I also packed one for you. I'm going to get out of the car now and go to the Check-In desk to get our tickets. I want you to choose which kind of vacation we have: the one that you have planned or the one that I've planned for us in which we explore some of your fantasies. Let me be clear- if you grab the suitcase I packed for you there is no going back. What you're wearing now is the most conservative thing you'll have on the entire trip! I love you no matter what you choose, OK?"
With that said, Scott passionately kissed me and got out of the car with his bag. I got out and walked over to the trunk. My heart raced as I chose the bag he packed for me. There was no going back now.
"Checkmate," I thought to myself, "I thought I was in charge and he played me like a fool."
He was going to have his way with me... I truly was going to be his little love slave... and I loved the thought of it. I joined him in line and found out our destination as he got to the desk- Corpus Christi, Texas.
We had to change planes in Houston, where Scott made me throw away my panties and bra. We arrived at the Corpus Christi airport at about 7pm and it was just starting to get dark. We got our rental car and hit the road to leave the airport, which was in the middle of nowhere.
While Scott drove he said, "Take off the rest of your clothes and throw them out of the window."
We were on a long road leaving the airport which was in the middle of nowhere so I didn't really feel that nervous about it. I slid off my yoga pants and tossed 'em out. I did the same with my shirt. I was amazed at how much I trusted him and how easy that was for me to do. We were driving down a lit road and I was naked!
He turned onto some little Farm road and stopped the car in the middle of corn fields. He reached into the back seat, dug through his carry on bag and pulled out a black lace thong and a thin white dress. When I say thin I mean it was just this side of sheer. As I put on the dress I realized that my panties would be visible through it. The thought made my stomach warm!
Scott got back onto a main road and pulled up to Whataburger, the big local fast food joint. He stopped the car and told me, "Go in and get us some food, please."
He handed me $20 and I was on my way. Heads turned as soon as I walked in. I felt my nipples pushing against the tight dress. It hugged my body and I heard a gasp as I passed a woman and she saw my panties through the dress. I had never been to a Whataburger before so it took me a while to figure out what to order for us. The entire time I studied the menu board people had their eyes on me!!!
I placed my order and waited. Two guys were looking me up and down. I winked at them and got a small chuckle in return. My god it felt great to let them in on how I knew I looked. I did my best to pose for them without looking too much like I was trying. I stuck my ass out a little and threw my shoulders back so my tits pushed against the dress even further. The guys pulled out their cell phones and took a couple of pictures of me. (It still turns me on so much to know that those pictures are out there!) When my food was ready and I walked back out to the car I saw the grin on Scott's face. I was so happy we could do this together.
After making a small scene in the lobby of the Omni Hotel, we went straight to our room, not to leave for the rest of the night. While we ate our fast food Scott started talking.
"A few ground rules, Angie," he said to me, "First, I'll be dressing you this vacation... just like I did tonight. I've got something special picked out for everything we'll do together. Second, I've got a choker collar for you. If I make it part of your outfit, I'm not asking you to do something... I'm telling you to do something. You'll be my slave, just like you said you'd be that night you asked me for those breasts."
He had thought this out well. I felt myself getting aroused and, since my dress was see through, Scott could see that I was getting hot. What did the next few days have in store for me?!