I'd read the stories about a Stripper Slut Wife, all of her sexy outrageous antics and never imagined that I knew this person.
It all fell into place when I had to attend a week long exhibition and conference in my old home town.
Suzi my ex girlfriend, still lived there with her Husband.
I kept in touch with Suzi as we parted on good terms and we had the odd dalliance in between relationships.
Suzi was always a firebomb in the sack, and there is nothing she wouldn't try or do. We kept in touch through social media, Facebook, twitter and Instagram.
I looked through her friends list one day on Twitter and came across Hot Stripper Slut wife as one of her friends. I clicked on the tag and followed Hot Stripper Slut wife.
Raking through the photos and videos section I was rather surprised to see that Hot Stripper Slut wife was indeed Suzi. I never revealed that I knew, but I did follow her antics avidly on twitter, and there were some very interesting antics that's for sure.
With the conference being international, I never realised how quick a city can run out of hotel rooms. I must have checked with at least thirty hotels before I posted a help message on Twitter and Facebook asking if any of my friends knew of any hotels or B&Bs in the area.
I received about 10 replies on the subject, but the one that intrigued me was from Suzi.
The message read as follows:
Neil, James and I have a rather large apartment in the city centre with two guest bedrooms. You're more than welcome to stay with James and I, but you'll have to fend for yourself as James works quite late during the week and I work evenings also until the wee small hours. But if you're ok with it, our house is your house. Bye Sx.
I replied instantly leaving my cell phone number and email address and thanked Suzi for her kind offer, stating I would love to take her up on her offer as long as her husband was ok with an ex boyfriend staying over.
My phone rang within seconds. I recognised Suzi's dulcet tones as she spoke.
"Hi Neil. James and I would be delighted to have you stay over. It will be great fun to catch up and don't worry about James. He doesn't have a jealous bone in his body!" she purred almost.
"Suzi that would be great. It would be awesome to catch up. What are you doing now that keeps you out the house so late?" I fished.
"I'll tell you when you arrive. Send the dates you arrive and how long you stay and I'll give you full directions to Maison La Suzi!" she laughed "I only work Tuesday through to Saturday so I should get some time to catch up.
"If it's ok with you guys, I'd like to turn up on the Saturday as I have to help set up the stands etc on the Sunday, so we're ready to go on the Monday morning!" I said hoping the response would be favourable.
"As long as you get here before 7:00 pm as I will be heading out to work not long after that" Suzi said in what sounded like a hopeful tone.
"I was thinking of arriving around 2:00pm if that's ok?" I replied.
"Honey that's perfect. It gives us a chance of a little catch up as James won't be home until 5:00pm!" She said in what can only be described as a teasing drawl.
"Oh great babe. Send me your address details etc please. I'm so looking forward to this!" I replied excitedly.
"You've no idea how much I'm looking forward to it!" she teased.
"Thanks babe. I owe you one!" I laughed.
"More than one I hope!" she continued with her tease " I'll send the details now and look forward to seeing you on Saturday!" she replied then hung up the phone.
Suzi was and always will be a supreme cock tease, and after a couple of minutes on the phone I found myself with a full blown erection, just listening to her voice. I sat looking at the phone and drifted off in my memory to some of the sexual antics Suzi and I participated in.
Her body was the stuff dreams are made of.
A very large firm bust as I remember, with the narrowest of waists. Her legs were very long and slender, although she wasn't tall, her legs seemed to be endless.
Her butt was a tight round vision of pure pleasure. Fucking her naked was every bit as exciting as fucking her in wild exotic lingerie. Something we did quite often as Suzi loved to display her body in the best way possible. She was always teasing and flirting with guys, which doesn't seem to have stopped, even though she is now married.
The alter ego on her second twitter account showed an even bustier Suzi than I remember and those magnificent breasts were now sporting piercings in her nipples. Her pussy was still shaved smooth, which I'm proud to say was due to my request one holiday weekend. A look she so favoured she has kept the shaved pussy look ever since.
Judging from our brief conversation where Suzi said she left for work at 7:00 and worked until the wee hours, it would appear that she was indeed a stripper but was a hot slut wife?
I've only met James briefly and he seemed a pleasant enough guy and I do recall Suzi hugging me tightly when we bumped in to each other and giving me a soft kiss on the lips right before her husbands eyes. She was telling the truth that James wasn't the jealous type as he never did anything that night except smile and shake his head, as his outrageously sexy hot wife, kissed me and held me tight.
My phone pinged with a message from Suzi.
In the message were all the details required for directions to her apartment, the parking lot code number and the entry code to her lobby. She signed off with a winking emoticon. Still the same flirt as she ever was.
As the weekend began to approach I organised myself very efficiently. I had packed six business suits, six crisp white cotton shirts, six stylish ties, three pairs of shoes, one pair of casual shoes with a pair of training shoes.
My bag included socks and underwear, with a large toiletry bag in the mix I was virtually covered. I went in to my kitchen and picked out two bottles of Beluga Vodka which I knew Suzi had a penchant for.
I also knew James was very fond of Bacardi so I packed a bottle of that into the case. A few T-shirts and some Jeans and then it was time to zip my case.
On the Saturday morning I loaded the case into the car along with my briefcase and some items required for the Conference, then I headed North to James and Suzi.
After 5 Hours of uneventful driving, I pulled up to the barrier of Suzi's private parking. Keying in the code she gave me, the barrier lifted and I parked in one of the slots allocated to Suzi's apartment. Switching the engine off, I climbed out of my car, opened the boot and took my large case from the car.
Placing it on it's wheels I guided the case to the lobby entrance. Keying in the code Suzi provided, I stepped inside the spacious lobby.
I took the opulent lift to the top floor, checking my hair and teeth in the mirrored wall of the well lit elevator.
As the doors opened I was surprised to see Suzi standing in the hallway.
"I saw you pull in to the car park!" She smiled throwing her arms around and squeezing me tightly. Her large breasts thrust in to my chest and I could distinctly feel her pierced nipples poking against my pecs.
"Come on in I'll fix us a drink!" She smiled turning on her very high heels. I followed obediently, drinking in the vision before me.
Suzi was wearing very high spike heeled shoes, which enhanced her slender long legs. Her legs appeared to be covered in seamed black stockings, with a very tight black pencil skirt covering them. Her ass looked even more wonderful than the last time I saw her. It swayed from side to side as she walked the short distance to her door.
On top she was wearing a simple black turtle neck sweater in a very thin shiny material, and to put the cherry on the cake she was wearing a very tight black high waisted belt, which cinched her narrow waist even more so.
Guiding me and my case through her front door, she hugged me once more, her face nuzzling into my neck. She smelled absolutely divine, her heady perfume tantalising my nostrils, as her hot breath whispered in my ear.
"It's so good to see you again!"
My cock twitched which I'm sure she felt as she parted from me slowly with the most devilish smile ever.
"Make yourself comfortable and I'll mix us a drink!" Suzi smiled warmly.
I left my bag at her lounge door and took a seat on her large sofa. Suzi returned from the kitchen with our drinks and sat on the sofa right next me. Handing me my drink she placed her well manicured hand on my thigh and squeezed. I smiled and took a sip from my drink, half turning my body to face her.
"Do you want to know what my job is?" She giggled suggestively, her long taloned fingers tapping her glass excitedly.
"I imagine it's something a bit naughty, knowing you as I do!" I smiled.
"Ooh it's naughty alright!" She teased.
"Come on then spill the beans!" I enthused.
"I work as a Stripper at a club just around the corner" she smiled squeezing my thigh just a fraction harder.
"Well Suzi, you've always had the body for it and judging by how tight that skirt and top is, your awesome body has got a whole lot better!" I smiling laying the compliment on with a thick trowel.
"Well as you're here for a week, you must pop round one evening and maybe I'll give you a nice sexy lap dance!" She teased.
"I'm not sure I could keep my hands to myself!" I exclaimed.
"I'm not sure I'd want you to keep your hands to yourself!" She giggled.
"What about your husband?" I asked feeling my cock stirring as I did so.
"Jim is not in the slightest bit jealous and to be honest he gets off on me parading my naked shaved pussy to other guys. You should come round one night or maybe I should give you a preview now!" She smiled the sexiest smile ever.
"What if Jim walked in?"I enquired.
"He'll be fine with it. But if it makes you feel more comfortable I could do it for you in your bedroom. Come on bring your suitcase and I'll bring the drinks!" She replied efficiently, climbing sensually off the sofa.
I grabbed my case and dragged it on its wheels behind me. Suzi was about three paces in front, her fabulous ass swaying with her stupendous hips. I could clearly make out the garter straps beneath her tight skirt as she swayed her hips. The movement was beyond erotic and Suzi had definitely had breast enhancement, as I could clearly see her side boobs from the rear, her breasts were so pendulous yet firm. She opened my bedroom door and stood in the frame. I had to brush against her breathtaking body to enter the room. Her magnificent breasts brushed against my body and I clearly felt the hard metal rings of her nipple piercings.
She looked up at me, smiling as our bodies grazed each other's. A spark of sexual electricity passed between us and we both knew where this was heading, but first the dance of seduction must be danced.
I placed my case over by the large built in mirrored wardrobe. The bed was rather opulent for a guest room with a fine array of cushions. There was a large flat screen TV on the wall opposite the bed, two bedside tables And a large dresser come chest of drawers. I sat on the bed as Suzi joined me on the very comfortable memory foam mattress. She smiled at me again and teasingly questioned.
"Would you like to see my strip tease? You've not seen my new boobs or pierced nipples, but the rest should be as you remember it!" She giggled.
"Are you sure Jim will be ok with it?" I quizzed her.
"Of course he will. I fuck other men and he's fine with that. To prove it to you, I'll sleep in here with you tonight and you can fuck me all night just like we used too!" She smiled reassuringly "Perhaps we'll make enough noise to keep Jim awake. You always were a noisy fucker and if memory serves you used to like me talking dirty!"
This conversation just arrived from nowhere with Suzi discussing the possibility of me fucking her as though it was an everyday occurrence. I cannot describe how hard my cock was with her forthright conversation, but Suzi always was different from other girls.
"This not some sort of practical joke is it?" I questioned.
"Not at all. I saw the way you looked at me and I know you follow my alter ego on twitter so you know what I've been up to!" She smiled "Plus I do miss sitting on that large hard cock of yours, and you'll be pleased to know that fucking my ass is an option now!"
"So the Stripper slut wife stories are definitely you?" I questioned.
"Every single word is true. Maybe you could be the next chapter?" Suzi smiled the most wicked smile.
"So if your husband walked in to find me fucking you he wouldn't be phased in any way?" I asked with a hint of concern.
"After I do my little strip for you, I'm hoping you'll want to fuck me!" She laughed "Jim will be fine with it. I'll just pop some music on and do my striptease for you!" She smiled standing up from the bed, heading to the small music box on top of the dresser. Turning her back toward me she smiled.
"Then afterwards you can fuck the stripper slut wife!" She giggled pressing play on the music box.
The pounding rhythmic tone blasted from the music box, as I recognised Rick James Superfreak fill the room. Suzi smiled and strutted to the centre of the room.
"You do want to see this and the fuck me?" She teased swaying her hips gently.
"Fucking hell yeah!" I hollered.
Suzi turned her back to me as part of her dance.
The seams of her black nylon stockings drew my attention.
Her spike heeled shoes in alignment with the seamed stockings was almost trance like.
Her skirt was a black tight pencil skirt, so tight that you could see the bumps of her garter straps beneath the surface.
I have to admit this looked extremely sexy and very slutty.
The shiny black turtle neck top gave hint to a very sexy bra beneath as Suzi swayed to the music. The black shiny top was kept tightly in place by a very wide waist cinching belt. The belt was in a soft PVC pliable material with four belt buckles pulled in tightly giving Suzi a Jessica Rabbit figure. Suzi turned toward me, swaying her hips, with a broad grin plastered on her cherub face.
Her breasts were visibly larger than they were during our time together. They were a thing of artistic beauty back then, but what was before my eyes was on another level altogether. Her breasts were stretching the shiny black material of her top to almost breaking point. The breasts were almost perfect round orbs, nestling in what appeared to be a quarter cup bra. Her erect pierced nipples were almost cutting through the shiny tight material of her top.
She was without doubt a vision of sexual heaven.
She began to unbuckle the waist cinching belt, discarding the PVC belt behind her, like a burlesque performer.
She placed her hands on my knees and leant forward.
"Help me unzip my skirt please honey!" She drawled, her voice like warm syrup pouring in to my ears.
I ran my hands up her waist as she turned elegantly. Pushing her perfectly formed buttocks toward me, she began to gyrate her hips exhuberantly, making the zip and skirt removal just that little bit more difficult.
Placing my hands on her hips, I held tightly restricting her movements.
"Ooh I love a firm grip!" She teased as I slowed eased the zip down.
She peeled the skirt over her magnificent buttocks, the smooth tanned flesh coming in to view. She had foregone panties as her naked ass was revealed as the skirt fell to the floor. Kicking the skirt over by her belt, she semi rotated her ass.
The view was sensational. Her butt was firmer and rounder since we last met. The heady scent of her perfume along with her sensational lingerie draped body was mind spinning to say the least. She placed her taloned hands at the base of her top and slowly slid the top over her waist, the top slipping teasingly over her fabulous breasts, the piercings coming in to view as he pulled the top over her head. Her arms went high to ease the top removal, which lifted her breasts. They were nothing less than magnificent.
Staring at my former lover, my cock was undoubtedly the hardest it had ever been.
Suzi placed her hands on her cinched in waist, her hands resting on the shiny black underbust corset. Her legs were slightly parted revealing her shaved slit, perfectly framed by her black seamed stockings and the black six strap corset.
Smiling at me, she moved her hands to cup her breasts, tweaking her erect pierced nipples Suzi looked me directly in the eye.
"Would you like to fuck the stripper slut wife?" She teased.
I nodded my head vigorously like a scolded schoolboy.
"Then show me how much you want to fuck me by getting those clothes off!" She purred.
I'd travelled in jogging bottoms, T-shirt and tennis shoes, which were all removed within seconds. My cock sprung forward, pointing directly at Suzi.
Suzi stepped forward and stroked my shaft very slowly, gently tapping her long nails along my length. Placing her lips to my ear she breathed gently.
"I'm going to enjoy having your cock inside me again!"
My cock twitched in her hand as she softly kissed my ear and neck, sending delightful shivers up and down my spine.
Stroking my foreskin back and forth over my swollen glans, Suzi brushed her soft lips over my own and kissed me gently. Her tongue slipping erotically past my teeth, introducing itself to my own tongue.
Her hand guided my cock to her shaved mound as I felt the smooth hairless flesh come into contact with the blood engorged head of my erection.
Suzi rubbed my stiff cock up and down the length of her shaved slit. The electric tingles surged through me as the memory of being inside this tight sweet pussy flashed in my mind. Her heady perfume was intoxicating, feeling her huge firm breasts push on to my own chest. Suzi kissed me open mouthed tantalisingly slow. Her warm breath breezed into my mouth as she let out a deliciously arousing moan.
Heart teeth gently nibbled my lips as she kissed me softly.
"Fuck me honey just like you used too!" She purred "I need to feel your cock inside me!"
Her breathing was almost panting as she eased me onto the bed. Straddling my thighs, her pussy opening was directly above the head of my rock hard cock.
"Fuck me honey!" She whispered as my cock slid inside the greatest pussy I've ever had the privilege to be inside.
Her pussy was desperately wet yet grippingly tight. The hot flesh of her pussy walls was reminiscent of smooth velvet.
Her pussy began to oscillate, her vaginal walls milking my hard cock.
Slowly she began to ride my cock as I lay back to enjoy the view. Her sexy black lingerie encapsulating her sensational body as she fucked me slowly and deliberately.
I placed both hands on the cups of her breasts, gently squeezing the huge orbs. My finger and thumb went to each pierced nipple and tweaked the hard pierced flesh.
Suzi sighed with delight as I twisted the nipples softly.
"Oh fuck yeah Honey! Do me and twist my nipples!" She panted as she skilfully rode my cock to sensations I did not think possible. Her right hand went to her smooth mound and she began to stroke her shaved slit.
The speed and intensity increased as she stroked faster and faster, grazing her clitoris with each rapid stroke.
"Oh fuck babe I'm coming!" She panted loudly as a gush of female ejaculate burst from her smooth slit. The creamy fluid shot up my stomach, coating my abdominal wall. Suzi continued riding my cock, panting furiously.
"Fuck me babe. My pussy is all yours!" She whimpered as she continued riding my cock to sexual heaven and smearing her love juice into my stomach with her outstretched hands.
Suzi was always a fantastic fuck, but now she was thriving on being the slut, taking as much pleasure from a hard cock as she was giving, and believe me, she was certainly giving me the most awesome pleasure I'd ever experienced.
Suzi began to slow her riding down, gripping my cock inside her pussy as she ground her wet velvet smooth pussy onto my almost exploding cock.
I heard my own breathing, panting as my chest rose and fell with each sexually exhausting breath.
"I'm going to come Suzi!" I said through gritted teeth.
"Come in my mouth. I love the taste of your spunk!" She uttered as images of our past sex life flashed through my memory banks.
Suzi eased herself off my glistening wet cock, sighing the most sexual moan ever to reach my ears, as she knelt on the bed in her magnificent lingerie. I positioned myself kneeling before her, my rock hard cock pointing directly at her face.
Suzi smiled as her hand gripped my cock, stroking the length softly as she leant over the head of my cock, slipping her luscious lips over the purple blood engorged glans.
Her eyes maintained contact with mine as she swirled her warm tongue around the head of my cock, snaking down the shaft, then gave my balls a tingling lick.
Suzi smiled at me, holding my cock at the base, kissing and licking the shaft, she looked at me directly and whispered seductively.
"Give me your spunk. I'm thirsty for your spunk!"
She opened her mouth and slid my cock inside the delectable cavern, just as the first splash of a powerful orgasm hit her inner cheek. Suzi sucked gently as spurt after spurt of hot creamy spunk slid down her throat. The last spurt had vanished, but Suzi kept sucking gently on my now deflating cock. Taking my spent cock out of her mouth, she licked and kissed the head tenderly.
Looking up at me with my semi erect cock resting on her soft lips, she giggled.
"This could be a very interesting week!"
"I wholeheartedly agree!" Said James standing in the doorway!