After two hours, Nyx had a perfect buzz and was happy to not feel like an outsider. She had made some friends and even allowed her Wolfe to remove her coat, strap her to a saw horse and paddle her butt. The extra layers of clothing meant he had to, and could, use a full swing each time without her reaching her limit quickly. This turned into an unplanned game of "How long can she stay silent" which the answer was twenty-three minutes. It would have been sooner if there hadn't been other brats in the room cheering her on in her silence. As he went to unstrap her, he grabbed her by the throat and declared that she would get a proper spanking later. When she was fully free of the restraints she spun around and gripped his cock over his pants.
"You enjoy people watching you spank me, don't you?" She asked in a coy manner.
"Yes, but I like watching others watch you enjoy yourself, more" He growled back at her.
He led her out of the room, got her a drink and found their host in the next room. He beckoned them over to sit with him. In this room there were two couches facing each other, an X frame on one wall and the other was covered in whips, floggers and paddles of all shapes and sizes. Nyx's eyes went wide at seeing all of them.
"Is there something you'd like to try, Kitten?" Wolfe asked as he sat down.
"Not at the moment, Daddy." She answered, as she sat comfortably between his feet. "I'd like to watch them be used for a while, if that's okay."
He used her chin to tilt her head up to him, "You let me know if that changes, okay?"
"Absolutely, Daddy." She purred.
Ego tossed her a pillow and said, "You are welcome to sit on that, if you wish to sit on the floor."
She smiled a thank you and got comfy on the pillow. Nyx sipped her drink and listened to them talk. It's not that she wasn't allowed to speak, she would add things or ask questions from time to time; it was just that she didn't have anything to say. Eventually a couple came in to use the X frame. The woman, naked, was restrained with her wrists crossed above her head and her legs spread and pinned in line with the X frame. The man then went to the wall and chose a soft velvet flogger. Nyx watched as the man traced the flogger over the woman's body. He took his time getting them both acquainted with the toy. And when he was certain she was ready he started his work. He flicked her with the flogger all over her body. She moaned and squirmed as he moved over her breasts and nipples. He moved down her body, purposefully avoiding between her legs. He continued this path repeatedly over the span of twenty minutes or so. He was edging the woman, and it was working. Nyx could see the woman's pussy glistening with her juices.
She felt her head being pat and she looked up at her man, "Yes, daddy?"
"Are you enjoying the show?" He asked with a wicked smile.
Nyx blushed hard, "Very much so. She looks delicious."
"I'm glad." He chuckled, "You're cute when you drool"
Nyx squealed and buried her face in his lap. When she realized where she had put her head, she found his cock and started rubbing it with her mouth, over his pants. He surprised her by unzipping his pants and exposing his cock. She took it into her mouth without question, sucking light and enjoying the taste of him on her tongue. His scent filled her nose and turned her on even more. This position on her knees with her arms around his waist was perfect. The men kept talking, and the man had turned his partner around and started flogging her backside. Her moans quietly filled the room and added beauty to the room. Nyx kept sucking, enjoying the small jerks her dom was making. His hand was on her head and his grip tightened ever so slightly whenever she found the right spot.
"Got you a girl who enjoys her work, didn't you?" Ego asked chuckling.
"Yes she does." Wolfe growled as his hand tightened around her ponytail, "And she's really good at what she does."
Nyx moaned in pleasure as Wolfe started moving her head and tilting his pelvis more towards her. This was turning her on so much and her need to taste his cum was so great she thought she would lose her mind if he didn't cum soon. So she started sucking harder.
"Such a good kitten sucking my cock so well." He praised her, "We're being watched you know. Ego is rubbing his cock through his pants watching you suck my cock so well."
Nyx moaned hard around his cock. She didn't anticipate enjoying participating in exibitionism so much. Wolfe jerked his hips when she did, so she sucked harder and moaned again; longer this time.
"Good girl!" He moaned as he took her head in both hands, "Fuck yes, babygirl."
She chuckled deeply, knowing he was about to fuck her face. Her humming gave him the permission he was looking for. She willingly fell into subspace as he took full control. He fucked her face so well, she could feel him hit the back of her throat. She sucked and moaned as a way to convey her need for his seed in her mouth. Wolfe watched Ego watch them while masturbating. The other man in the room started flogging his partner's pussy, making her cry out in pleasure, stroking his own cock at the same time.
"Oh babygirl," Wolfe growled, "I'm going to empty my balls in your sexy mouth!"
Nyx sucked hard and a few thrusts later he pulled her to the base of his cock and held it there as he kept thrusting and cumming hard down her throat. Ego grunted as he came in his pants. Nyx sucked lightly, cleaning her man's cock as she removed her mouth. Wolf contained himself and zipped his pants while catching his breath.
"Thank you, Daddy." She said with a smile.
"No thank you, Kitten." He answered with a huge smile.
"Would you like to taste my woman too?" The third man asked.
Nyx looked at them. There was a wet spot on his pants and her pussy was literally dripping.
"Yes please." She answered as she looked at Wolfe.
"Well go on then." He answered, "Take the pillow too."
She grabbed her pillow and situated herself under the woman. She started licking her pussy, getting a taste of her. Nyx was instantly captivated, she tasted so good. She moaned into the woman and started sucking on her pussy, tonguing it and reveling in the woman squirming. She grabbed the woman's ass to hold her in place and was rewarded with the woman humping her face lightly.
"She's gonna make me cum and she hasn't even touched my clit yet!" The woman moaned.
"Tell me sir, have you gotten your woman to squirt yet?" Wolfe asked.
"A few times." The man answered, "We're working on consistency."
Wolfe chuckled, "This should be fun then."
"What... does that... meeaan?" the woman moaned as Nyx hummed while sucking and tongue fucked her pussy. "Ohhh my goddddd"
"You're about to find out." Wolfe chuckled again.
The woman dissolved into babeling quite quickly and came hard. Nyx continued to lick her gently as she calmed down. When she felt the woman was mostly calm she licked her from pussy to clit.
"Fuck!" Cried the woman, "Are you not done with me yet?"
"Not even close." Nyx moaned.
She lapped gently at the woman's clit and around it, getting it wet and slippery. Hearing the woman's whimpers spurred her on. She rubbed her tongue over her clit and then sucked lightly; giving the woman enough pressure to stimulate her but not enough to fully build an orgasm. Slowly over the next few minutes she transitioned into continuously sucking while tonguing her clit. Once again the woman dissolved into a babbling mess. She was shaking all over and begging to cum.
"Go ahead, babygirl." Wolf said, "Show her what that mouth do."
Nyx chuckled and did just that. The woman started shaking and cried out loudly. She squirted so hard all over Nyx, who squealed in delight as she kept going until she had milked the woman's body dry. She moved back over to Wolfe once everything was over. Her chin and neck were soaked. As was the hem of her dress and collar.
"Oh my god. What in the hell was that?!?" The woman exclaimed as her dom released her and sat her down.
"Are you okay?" Nyx asked as Wolfe helped to clean her up.
"Yes," The woman laughed, "Just a fair bit weak is all. That was amazing."
"That was the hottest thing I've ever seen." Ego said breathlessly, "I thought you said she was new to all this?"
"She is, but that doesn't mean she isn't amazing at what she does." Wolfe answered as he pet Nyx.
"Daddy, she tasted so good!" Nyx said happily, "Can we keep them, please?"
The whole room chuckled and dissolved into the girls talking and the men talking separately. As the night went on and Nyx got tired, they decided to leave. She didn't hesitate when Wolfe opened the passenger door for her. She was almost asleep by the time they got home. He helped her out of all her clothes and she passed out to him holding her and praising her again for how brave she was and how good of a job she did...
~~~FIN~~~