After Joan's time with Eric, the afternoon in our hotel room was amazing. We had a shower together soaping each other up and playing around. The sexual tension was incredible and both of us were excited by what might happen that evening.
In the shower, I went down on Joan, licking her clit slowly while sticking a couple of fingers in her until she climaxed holding onto my head with one hand and propping herself up on the wall with the other.
I wanted to go again myself, but I had already exploded earlier and was still recovering. So, once we dried off, we both landed naked on the bed and drifted off to sleep. We slept peacefully in each other's arms.
I woke up to the sound of Joan getting ready. When I looked over, she was in the bathroom and was putting on her makeup. She saw me stir. "You better hurry up, we don't want to be later for dinner."
I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and went past her to the toilet. After I had taken care of that, I went over and showered again. I needed to shave, and our previous shower time didn't include time for that.
By the time I got out, dried off and came out of the bathroom, Joan was standing in the bedroom putting on her earrings. She turned to me, and I froze. She looked stunning.
She was wearing a silver dress that hugged her shape and accented her breasts. The top came down just enough to cause a great deal of cleavage and made you want to bury your head in between those tan and soft tits.
The dress came down to her knees. Not slutty, but elegant.
The top of the dress hung on her arms, leaving her shoulders bare. When she turned around, I could see it came down to her lower back and showed off her very toned back. It showed that she was definitely not wearing a bra. She was truly a work of art.
"Do I look okay?" She asked doing a little spin for me.
"You look absolutely breathtaking." was all I could mumble back while I took in the view in front of me. "I've never seen that dress before."
Joan smiled and spun for me. "I bought it as a surprise for our trip. Do you like it?"
I just stood there with my eyes wide and nodded yes.
She giggled, "Do you think Eric will like it?" She said as she bit her bottom lip.
"I think if he doesn't, he needs his head checked out."
We both laughed and she encouraged me to hurry and get ready. As I got dressed, she paced the floor. She had a ton of nervous energy and couldn't wait to get the evening started. After I put my shoes on, she took my hand and practically drug me out of the room towards the elevators. I didn't know someone could move so fast in high heels.
By the time we walked into the restaurant to meet Jim, Cindy, Chad and Becky, Joan was already excited for what might lay ahead of us.
We got to the table and there were pleasantries all around. I noticed that Cindy and Becky weren't setting with their own husbands. They were sitting with each other's. I took a moment and acted very animated as I pointed at each wife and then to their husbands that weren't sitting with them.
Becky finally chimed into my antics. "Yeah, well Joan inspired us, so it looks like we both our dating our best friend's husbands tonight."
"Good for you two." Is all Joan said as she took a sip of her water. Who was this woman? She was more brazen and not the same prim and proper woman that I married. I was loving the new Joan and all that came with that.
I held her chair for her and as she said down, she started again. "But I can't take all the credit. It was Dave that encourages this wild ride."
They all grabbed their glasses and toasted me. "To Dave!" they said and laughed.
Becky then said, "I just feel sorry that the man of the hour will probably have to get sloppy seconds after someone else tonight."
I chimed back. "I'm okay as long as I'm included and at least get a turn."
Everyone laughed at that while Joan blushed slightly, knowing that my comment was a statement to the whole table that my wife would possibly be taking another man tonight. Both Jim and Chad readily agreed with me that as long as they were included when their wives played, they were fine as well.
Dinner went great. The servers were attentive, the food was amazing and as the night went on, we all had a little too much to drink.
After dinner we made our way to the dance club. It was a little small club with a bar at the back. There was a dance floor lit up in the middle and tables around the edges of the room. The edges of the room where the tables were, was a little darker and each table had a candle on it. It was a place to retreat when the lights and music were too much for a romantic couple. As a group, we made it to the bar and ordered drinks. I noticed that Joan was looking all around anxiously. She was looking over my shoulder when suddenly a big grin appeared on her face. She immediately stopped looking around and focused on her target. She had seen Eric walking in. He noticed her immediately and nodded as he walked directly toward her.
When he got there, we all exchanged hellos, and he even shook my hand. He got a drink himself and then turned his attention to Joan.
The band started to get loud, and Eric invited Joan to the dance floor. She looked at me and I encouraged her to go have fun. She mouthed "Thank you" and then followed Eric out to the dance floor almost running hand in hand.
It wasn't long before our friends, who had exchanged their wives with each other were out there as well. Since I was the lone man out, I just ordered another drink.
I found a high-top table nearby and went to sit at it. It was out of the way without too much traffic around it, so I positioned myself on a stool so I could still see all the action on the dance floor. As the night wore on, each couple or all the couples for that matter, took turns coming back to the high top to take breaks. They each ended up with drinks that they would leave with me when they went back out to dance. I was content to hold our place at the table and look after everyone's drinks. I am a people watcher by nature and really enjoyed seeing all the action on the dance floor.
Joan and Eric only took one break. Other than that, they held onto each other and danced. When the music finally got slow, Eric puled Joan in close. She was much shorter than him, so she leaned up and wrapped her hands around his neck and put her head on his chest. For his part, he just swayed and took the opportunity to let his hands drift down her back. By the end of the first song, he had both hands cupping Joan's ass. When she didn't do anything or object, he slowly rubbed and squeezed each cheek while they danced.
At one point she looked over and caught my eye. She was really enjoying herself and just smiled and winked at me. I nodded and mouthed "I love you" to her. She then mouthed it back to me. She was having an amazing time, and I was enjoying watching my wife let loose and become affectionate, even if it was with another man.
Joan was really soaking up the attention and I was loving seeing her be so sexy. I looked over and noticed that Chad and Cindy were in a full-on embrace and making out at the edge of the dance floor. Just then Jim and Becky came back to the table.
Becky leaned in close since the music was loud. "Can you tell Chad I'm taking Jim to our room tonight. He will have to sleep with Cindy in her room and I'll see him in the morning." I nodded yes and they grabbed at each other while they walked quickly out.
About thirty minutes later the dance floor was starting to thin out. There was a mix of fast songs and slow songs. During the next slow song Eric was back to groping on Joan's ass while she had her head on his chest and her eyes slightly closed. The next time they rotated around, and she slowly opened her eyes, and she saw me looking at her. She raised her head slightly and grinned at me. Then she tilted her head up and said something up to Eric's ear. He heard, grinned himself and then nodded yes and said something back to her.
This time when they rotated around and she had her back to me, He had reached down a little farther than before. He took his time putting his hands on the bottom hem of her dress and slowly pulled it up. So, when she turned to have her back straight at me, her ass cheeks and part of her thong were on display for me.
They quickly spun sideways, and Joan looked at me grinning. She saw my mouth was open and laughed out loud. Then she said something to Eric, and he quickly pulled her dress back down and slid his hands over her ass to smooth it out.
A few minutes later Chad and Cindy walked up. I leaned in and told Chad, "Becky said that Jim was staying in your room with her tonight, and she will see you in the morning."
Cindy just grinned and grabbed Chad tighter. "Looks like it's just us tonight cowboy. Ready to ride this wild horse?" She said with a grin, obviously a bit intoxicated.
"Show me the way to the room." is all he said.
Chad looked out on the floor and saw Eric and Joan still dancing. His face changed to being slightly more serious as he looked back at me. "You going to be okay?" Is all he said at first.
Chad continued, "Because I'll help you go stop this if it's too much, too fast." His eyes were sincere, and I could tell he wanted to make sure I was okay with this new dynamic before he left.
I just re-assuredly smiled and nodded. "I couldn't be happier."
With that he smiled, and Cindy grabbed his arm and started to pull him away. "See you in the morning!" she yelled back while she practically pulled Chad down the hall.
A few minutes later Joan walked over to me alone. Eric must have gone to the bathroom. She was looking around and her eyes wouldn't quite meet mine. Joan had a hard time starting the conversation and then just blurted it out. "So, it's getting kind of late........"
"Oh, is it. I hadn't noticed." I said teasing her a little. I wanted this to be her idea and I wasn't letting her off that easy. "So, are you tired of dancing and done with Eric for the night?"
She finally looked right at me, making eye contact with a little smirk on her face. "I'm done dancing but I'm not sure I'm done with him."
I just looked at her. She was practically begging me to make the next move, and I finally caved. "Why don't you invite him up to our room?"
Her eyes shown bright with excitement, but then a flash of concern came over her face. "Are you sure? I mean really sure you want to do this?"
I held her gaze. "The bigger question, is this what you want to do?"
She slowly nodded yes. "Yes, I really want to."
"Then go get your man. I'll hang out here for about 15 minutes and let you to get settled and then come join you."
Her smile lit up the room. She grabbed me and hugged me and then started off to find Eric. She stopped about five feet away, turned and came back. "Are you really sure?"
"Absolutely, just go." I smiled at her lovingly, letting her know with my eyes that I wanted this as much as she did.
"Well, I need a room key." and she held her hand out. I had totally forgot I had them both in my wallet. I gave her one and she bounced off, almost running toward the bathrooms. If anyone was paying attention, they just saw me give a room key......and my permission to my wife as she went to another man. My dick was pressing hard against my pants. I was so excited.
She met Eric when he was a few feet outside the bathroom. She said something to him, showing him the room key in her hand and he nodded and smiled. Then she took his hand and started towards the door. My eyes met his and he waved at me as Joan was practically pulling him to the exit. The same way she pulled me out of the room earlier to dinner. She was a woman on a mission and that mission was getting Eric between her legs.
I sat there watching everyone and sipping on my beer. I waited 20 minutes before I moved. Then I walked slowly to the elevator, my heart racing the whole time.
When I finally made it to our floor, I walked slowly. My heart was in my throat and my dick was pressing against my pants. I was feeling so many emotions all at once. I was anxious, jealous, excited and horny all at the same time. The mix of emotions was as intoxicating as any alcohol I had ever drank.
I finally made it to our door and stood there looking at the room number. I listened and even put my ear to the door, but I couldn't hear anything. I pulled the second key from my wallet and put it in the lock. Once I heard the click of the lock, I opened the door slowly.
The view that I was met with wasn't something I was prepared for.
Eric was on his back on the bed naked with his feet facing the door. His long hard cock sticking straight up. Joan was naked as well beside Eric with her feet up by his head. She was on her knees beside him licking his shaft slowly up the entire length, just savoring it. By the look on his face, he was enjoying this thoroughly. He was taking the opportunity to watch her every movement while tracing her pussy with his fingers.
When I walked in, the door made a thud sound as it closed getting their attention. Joan looked up at me. "I'm glad you got here. My mouth can't do this much more."
I just stood there watching the scene unfold in front of me.
Since I had showed up, Joan took the opportunity to turn and threw her leg over Eric. She held his cock with one hand while she slowly slid down on it. It was a monster, and she was controlling the pace. Once his head disappeared into her, she let out a long moan and just hung there getting used to his size.
I went over and sat in the chair facing the bed. I had put this chair here before we left anticipating what might happen. I wanted to watch and absorb this whole sexy scene.
Little by little, Joan sunk down on his cock until it was finally all in her.
"Oh wow, I feel so full!" She exclaimed as she tilted her head back and closed her eyes.
Once she had sat on his whole cock for a few minutes, Joan turned her head toward me. "He feels so good stretching me out Dave."
She then slowly started to slide up and down, impaling herself again and again on his cock. Eric was running his hands up and down her body, occasionally pinching her nipples or groping her whole breast. She was a machine just slowly bouncing up and down focusing on her own pleasure. Finally, about 10 minutes later she started picking up the pace and then slammed down all the way on him. Her legs were shaking as she screamed "I'm CUMMING! Yes! Yes! Yes".
By this time, I had taken my dick out and was slowly stroking it. I didn't want to cum, so I was just doing enough to keep it aroused.
Once Joan came down to earth, she slid off him. "Time for you to drive" is all she said as she got on her hands and knees. This was her favorite position, doggy style.
Eric repositioned himself behind her while she faced me. Our eyes met and she saw me stroking myself. "Don't cum Dave. I want you next." is all she said. I took my hand off my dick and let it hang there for a while. I certainly didn't want to disappoint her.
When Eric started feeding his cock to her, her face contorted, and her eyes rolled up in her head. "It feels so good! It's stretching me out! I'm so full!"
Eric started to slowly stroke in and out of her for a few minutes until she opened her eyes and looked at me. She mouthed "I love you."
I mouthed it back to her. She looked like she was in heaven. Her breasts were swaying back and forth under her to the rhythm of the pounding he was starting to give Joan.
Just then while she was looking at me, she focused all her attention on me, but she said loudly, "Fuck me, Eric. Cum in me and make me yours!"
I was taken back by my prim and proper wife using such language, but the harshness of it made me instantly grabbed my dick and squeezed hard to keep from cumming. Joan saw my enthusiasm and smiled. I'm sure she was really enjoying this, but I had a feeling the language was for my benefit.
Eric picked up the pace and Joan was like a rage doll, she was just enjoying it and along for the ride. Two small orgasms occurred while he was pounding her, and then Eric went even faster. Joan was just moaning constantly and having waves of pleasure over and over.
Finally, Eric announced he was close. "Cum in me!" she shouted and that's all the encouragement he needed. He grabbed her hips and pulled himself completely into her. Then he grunted as rope after rope of his warm sperm attacked my wife's insides looking for a home.
He held her tight with his hips against her ass until he finally started to shrink and fall out of her pussy. When he slipped out of her, they both collapsed on the bed on their sides. Eric was absently stroking her side, running his hand from her hip up and around her breast, then back down to her hip. They lay there for a few minutes when Joan finally rolled over to face him giving me a great view of her ass with his hand prints still on it. She kissed Eric gently and then said "Maybe I'll see you tomorrow, but for now I want to take care of my husband."
Eric took the hint, kissed Joan one last lingering time, then he got up and quickly got dressed. As he reached the door he looked back and thanked me for letting them have fun. I supposed he didn't want to shake my head since I was still stroking my dick.
Joan watched Eric get dressed and once the door closed, she rolled back over to face me. Joan told me to strip and join her. I quickly unbuttoned my shirt and pushed my pants and boxers down to the ground. I left my clothes in a pile by the chair. I walked over to the bed with my dick sticking straight out and lay beside her. She took my dick in her mouth and sucked on it for a few minutes. Then she went onto her back and spread her legs. "Do you want a ride?" She said playfully.
I jumped between her legs taking in the view. Her normally small petite pussy was red and swollen. Eric's cum was starting to leak out and some of their juices were spread on the inside of her thighs. I got in position, holding my dick in my hand and lined it up with her swollen slit. I gave it a push and slid right in. She was looser than normal and Eric's cum provided a lot of lubrication. I just kept pounding in and out of her while we kissed. She kept saying "I love you! Take me! I love you so much!"
Then she stiffened and had an orgasm while I kept going. It wasn't long before I screamed and told her I was close. "Cum in me! Cum in me like Eric did!"
With that I couldn't stand it. I just exploded into her. I stayed buried in her as long as I could until my dick started to fall out. It didn't slip out like Eric's did, no, because of his larger size and the pounding that her pussy had taken, mine more or less just fell out. It was by far one of the best feelings of the evening so far.
Once I was out of her, I dropped beside her on my back. We were both panting and sweating from the whole experience.
She put her head on my chest. "I love you. Thank you for that."
"I love you too." I said. "I should be the one to thank you. That's the most erotic thing I've ever seen in my whole life."
She picked her head from my chest to look me in the eyes. "No regrets?"
"None whatsoever." I told her.
That satisfied her and she fell back on me.
A few minutes later I said, "One thing that surprised me."
"Only one." she giggled as she was tracing my chest hair with her fingertips, and then said, "What was that?"
"That you let him cum in you."
She moved to look me in the face again with a smile. "I thought you would like that."
"Earlier when I gave him a blow job, after we were talking, and he was telling me he hadn't been with a woman in six months since he got divorced. Then he also told me he had a vasectomy a few years back because she didn't want any kids. So, I figured since he hadn't been sleeping around and I couldn't get pregnant, why not?"
She then sat up on her knees. "Are you seriously, okay? You aren't mad, are you?"
I sat up and touched her face. "I think this made me fall in love with you more than I already was."
A small tear came from her eye, and she tackled me back down onto the bed. Holding onto me, we just lay there kissing and holding each other until we both went to sleep.
In the morning, we were slow to get up. Joan got up and went straight to the shower. There was a wet sticky spot where she had been, no doubt where mine and Eric's cum had leaked out of her overnight.
I was brushing my teeth as she got out of the shower. "Still no regrets?" she asked.
I spit and then looked at her. "Absolutely none. Being her and watching you with him was the hottest thing I've ever seen."
That satisfied her, plus she giggled when I slapped her ass as she walked past.
"Did you enjoy it?" I asked walking back into the bedroom.
"More than I would have ever thought I would. Knowing you encouraged it and were there for me afterwards made it that much better." She said as she got dressed for breakfast.
"I honestly don't know how you could ever top that." I said pulling on my shirt.
"Well if you are okay with this, I've got some ideas." She said with a sly grin.
"I'm all ears." and then kissed her passionately letting my hands roam across her breasts and ass.
She pushed me off giggling, "Later, right now I'm starving and need some food!"
And then we walked out into the hallway arm in arm, just like newlyweds.
I was looking forward to breakfast.......and what Joan had in mind for later in the day.
To be continued.