The club is dark as we enter and it takes a moment for my eyes to adjust. i stop in the doorway and blink, only to feel a tug on my leash. You pull me with you and i stumble a little on my six inch heels having to check my balance and hurry forward to catch up with you. You suddenly stop and turn to face me...looking me up and down, your eyes devouring me in one quick glance. i feel my knees start to shake just a little as you slip the coat off my shoulders and reveal me to the small group of onlookers that has formed around us. I feel a chill as the cold air from outside hits my body. The little grey kilt you've dressed me in just barely covers my bare ass, and my breasts are nearly visible through the white blouse i'm wearing, nipples getting harder by the second. It doesn't help that my hands are secured in leather cuffs behind my back, pushing my chest forward provocatively.
They have come over to say hello to you...your friends...some admirers...and you turn back to speak to them leaving me there exposed and blushing. i stand quietly, balanced on my black six inch stilettos, head lowered in supplication. My gaze is focused on the floor at your feet but i can feel their eyes on me, can feel the tension in the air and i shift a little.
"Be still," you whisper over your shoulder, barely audible to anyone else, and i immediately freeze. Even in this crowded room your voice goes straight through me, is the only thing i hear.
I breathe deeply and steady myself, waiting for the next instruction from you. I don't have to wait long and i soon feel another tug on the leash and fall into step behind you, following you to the corner of the room where there is a table waiting for you. You sit down in the big comfy chair and point to the floor at your feet without even looking up at me. I slip down to my knees as gracefully as i can without the use of my hands, and kneel next to your chair, my head in your lap. You chuckle and lay your hand on my head as you take in the scene around you.
All around us there are small groups of people, couples and a few singles walking around. Many are like us, and there are quite a few girls being led around on leashes. In the middle of the room there is all kinds of equipment set up and a few people have started making use of the stocks, the St Andrews cross and the other various deviant pieces of furniture and we can hear the sound of slaps and moans filling the air. i squirm a little in my place and can almost feel the smirk crossing your face.
"Something wrong, pet?" you ask me, the hint of amusement in your voice is almost my undoing. "Is there something you want to ask me?"
i shake my head, knowing that you know how horny i am and a deep red flush crosses my cheeks. It has been almost two full weeks since you've allowed me the pleasure of cumming for you and every nerve in my body is on edge.
"Well pet," you start, smirking as you speak to me, "my boots COULD use a bit of a polish."
I look up and meet your eyes blushing at the heat i see there as you stare down at me, tapping your foot on the floor. You can't possibly mean for me to do that here, now, in front of all these people. i look up at you again, my eyes questioning, pleading, begging you not to ask that of me. I start to squirm in my place by your chair and you chuckle, resting your hand on my head. Purring, i nuzzle my head in your lap, trying to distract you, arouse you, anything to keep you from requiring "that" of me. Just as i think it's working i feel your hand running through my hair and i move closer, softly moaning. Still tapping your foot on the floor, your hand snakes into my hair and grabs a handfull pulling it tight. You tip my head up towards yours, eyes burning into my soul......"Now, pet", you whisper.
i slowly rise up on my knees, my face turning five shades of red as the realization comes that you aren't just teasing me this time. i hesitate but crawl over in front of you and kneel between your legs trying to ignore the small group of people standing around talking to you. You tug on my hair again and i move into position, straddling your left boot between my shaking thighs. Your hands come down on my shoulders and firmly push me down until my pussy is just hovering above your foot. "You know what to do pet, and I expect that you'll put as much effort into it as you would if we were at home......alone." You smirk and your hands push me down a little further still. i can hear you growling low under your breath as my pussy makes contact with the top of your boot.
i blush and try to bury my face in your lap, hiding, but my body betrays me none the less. i can feel myself beginning to grind down onto your boot, moaning very quietly. You lift my head and look into my eyes, making that connection with me as my hips start to move faster against you, humping your leg in the middle of the now crowded club. i can feel eyes boring into me from every direction, but i am lost in yours. You hold me there, steady, and without words you tell me how much you love me, how proud of me you are and that always, i am yours. Seeing the pride and lust in your eyes spurrs me on and i drop my head back and really let myself go.
My hips move in time with the beating of my heart pressing my pussy against the warm leather. i squirm and moan, your boot now slick with my wetness, my lips spread over it. More have gathered to watch your little girl perform, my grey kilt hiked up above my hips exposing my ass to the rest of the room. i grind harder, looking up into your eyes, whimpering, knowing i'm right there on the edge, but struggling to get the words out in front of the crowd. i moan louder, body starting to shake and suddenly feel your hand back in my hair, reminding me of my place. My eyes fly open and i see you staring down at me, blushing and squirming harder i manage to find the words...."Sir.....may i please cum for you?"
You lean down and pull me closer to you, placing a soft kiss on my lips, my cheek, and finally nipping at my neck, your breath hot in my ear. "Now pet.......cum for me NOW."