For the reader: Be forewarned that this story presents a subject that is considered risqué in most circles. If you are not prepared to read about consensual incest (maybe not technically but at least socially) between step-father and step-daughter please move on to a different story. The story is one of fiction and the characters are all above the age of consent. I have tried to write it as realistically as possible but it should be treated as the fiction that it is, no more, no less. If you have not read Chapter 1 of the story I highly recommend it to "set-the-stage" and give the reader a sense the circumstances leading up to this chapter. The story is truly designed to be read in entirety and is mainly broken up into chapters to provide an easier reading experience. In this installment of the story things begin to heat up a bit. This is the first story that I have ever written so I do look forward to any comments or constructive criticism that you may have.
*
The next week was one of the most anguishing that I have had mentally in my entire life. After Sunday night's movie night events I struggled with the thoughts of what was happening between my step-daughter and me. Thinking of the various occurrences over the past few months, I kept flip-flopping between the thought that she knew exactly what she had been doing to me the entire time and that her actions were truly innocent and that I was reading too much into the signs. I recalled the slight grin that she had given me and thought that maybe she was merely giving me a loving look from step-daughter to step-father and that there was nothing more to it. I couldn't get it out of my mind but wrestled with the conflicting thoughts all week. Normally, I would have sought advice from my wife to see if I was overreacting but given the fact that this was her daughter I decided against it and said nothing. Still unsure, I didn't want to stir things up and get my step-daughter in trouble with her mother if there really wasn't anything going on. To add on to everything, my workweek was extremely busy so I didn't even see my step-daughter much to gauge how she was acting around me.
Friday night came all too quickly and to put it bluntly, I was nervous as hell. Not even waiting for the rest of the family to come in, I had lain down on the couch and was watching a TV show that I enjoy now and then. Apparently, I had gotten in a "zone" because the next thing that I remember was hearing an insistent "Dad!"
Shaken back into reality, I looked up to find my step-daughter standing next to the couch in a plaid flannel pajama set with a look on her face that said that she had been trying to get my attention for a while. "Move over, your taking up the whole couch" I heard her say.
I gave a quick glance are realized that she was, indeed, right and wouldn't fit unless she was the size of a newborn. Part of me wondered if this was my subconscious hoping that she would have merely found a different spot to watch the movie and I would be able to avoid the situation that had been plaguing my mind. However, since asked, I merely shifted over to make room for her and she quickly climbed under the blanket in front of me.
The movie selected that night was a long one, two and a half hours plus the typical previews and such. The idea of the next three hours pressed up against her had done nothing to help my nervousness. I don't know if she sensed this or not but the first two hours passed without incident and I had almost forgotten what had happened believing that maybe I had imagined that this was anything more than accidental contact after all.
Unlike how we would usually lie on the couch, I did not have my arm around her and it was merely at my side when suddenly she started to slip off of the couch. As she slowly slid over the edge she let out a little yelp of surprise to which I quickly through my arm around her to catch her and keep her from hitting the floor. Pulling her back up, and tightly against me I might add, she turned slightly saying "thanks, Dad." After such a sudden jolt, my step-daughter started squirming around on the couch. Having heard her squeal, everyone, including myself, thought that she was merely trying to get comfortable again. The alarm over, everyone's focus was drawn back to the movie on the screen.
When she finally seemed to settle I found myself, once again, with the problem of one of her hands was right at my waistband, separated from my penis by nothing more than a thin layer of clothes. Added to this was the issue that all of her squirming around had caused blood to flow to it, and I had started to slightly swell in size. She again clutched my arm around her midsection but thankfully her pajama top appeared to be staying in place so I felt no bare skin. The next few minutes, however, would change that a little.
She didn't seem entirely settled and would periodically shift a little bit on the couch. I was aware of this and tried to keep my hand fairly firm over her midriff, not allowing her top to rise or my hand to move toward her breast as had previously happened. What it didn't prevent though was feeling the bare skin of her hand against my stomach when her movements had caused my shirt to creep up a little. As her slight movement continued I suddenly realized that her fingertips had slid slightly underneath my waistband and were slightly tickling the hair between my belly button and pubes.
Again, I didn't want to draw attention since I didn't know how to handle this. I think that somehow, deep inside, I believed that if it came to everyone's attention just how close my penis was to her hand, that I would be viewed as the aggressor, some sort of "dirty old man." Try as I might though, I couldn't stop the reaction that it was causing my body to have. The more I concentrated on trying to not have an effect, the more it seemed to. Next thing I knew, I was steadily swelling and was probably only a millimeter or two away from my dick touching her bare hand.
In the meantime, her other hand had temporarily left mine and I could feel it moving under the covers in front of her a little when she would shift. I assumed that she was using it for leverage as she continued to adjust her position and really didn't give it much thought since it remained in front of her. In reality, I think that I was just focused too much on her other hand to care. I was only faintly aware that she had returned that hand on top of mine and was once again holding my hand against her abdomen.
Two things then happened, almost simultaneously...my step-daughter's hand encircled my cock and her other one brought my hand up to her bare breast, complete with a very hard nipple. I let out a slight gasp which luckily seemed to go unnoticed over the sound of the movie. It was then that I realized that those slight movements in front of her had been to unbutton part of her pajama top under the covers.
Any ideas that I may have had of innocence at this point were completely thrown out of the window but I was still in a bit of shock and merely stayed right where I was, doing nothing. My cock, on the other hand, had different ideas...the soft touch of her hand wrapped around it had caused it to swell the rest of the way and was almost completely hard. If anything, it had grown right into her hand and was even more surrounded by her fingers than before. I could feel that although I was still slightly soft, I had grown to my full size of approximately 8 inches. My semi-hard state wouldn't last long though...
My step-daughter began to slowly alternate between a gentle squeezing and relaxing her hand around my dick and I could feel it swelling even further. It wasn't long before I was fully hard and she could barely touch her fingers around it. At the same time, she was exerting a gentle pressure on my thumb with hers until I felt my thumb make contact with the hard nipple of her breast. She then relaxed a little allowing my hand to return to full openness and then repeated it a number of times. She was essentially playing with her breast by using my hand. Occasionally, she would tighten her whole hand and cause me to squeeze her breast.
As much as I didn't want to admit it, her hand wrapped around my dick and her youthful breast in my hand felt wonderful. It wasn't long before precum was slightly oozing out of my dick and I realized that I was continuing to fondle her breast without the "guidance" of her hand. We continued like this for the remainder of the movie and when the credits started rolling she pulled the hand out of my pants, gently removed mine from inside her shirt, and subtly buttoned it back up under the covers.
As we all got up and headed toward bed, she came to give me her typical hug goodnight but as she leaned in I felt her lightly nibble on my earlobe whispering a breathy "thanks." Slightly startled, I realized that our position had blocked this from the view of the rest of the family and would have appeared nothing more than a hug to everyone else.
That night was, indeed, a restless one. Thoughts flooded my head of the intense feeling of my step-daughter's hand wrapped around my dick, milking it along with the wonderful feeling of her nubile breast in my hand. Despite the fact that I hadn't actually seen her topless since before she hit puberty, visions of how her breasts looked based on the feelings of her hard nipple and surrounding areola kept me both hard and constantly stirring all night long. When I finally gave in and got out of bed in the morning, I was quite groggy from lack of sleep and was unsure of how to deal with my step-daughter for the weekend.
As I padded down to the kitchen for breakfast, I found the rest of the family already downstairs looking at me as I entered. Concern that the goings on of last night had been discovered were washed away only after one of my sons commented that I looked horrible and asked if the movie, which had been one of these "mess with your head" ones had given me nightmares last night. I merely grumbled something in my stupor, apparently giving the impression that it had.
My step-daughter was acting as if nothing had happened and there was a small part of me that wondered if I had imagined the entire thing. The rest of the weekend as well as the next one passed without incident and almost reinforced that notion. The next week, however, would prove to me that I wasn't crazy.