They say the truth is stranger than fiction. Well, what occurred to me was so unexpected and foreign to my world that I thought I must have been dreaming, but I wasn't.
Cynthia and I had been married for 22 years, we had two teenaged boys, and we both worked in the same large manufacturing company. She was 44 years old and was a supervisor in the Accounting office; I was a 43 year old Die Maker out on the shop floor.
I guess Cynthia would be considered attractive; tall, slim, somewhat large breasts. She had a boob job after having a small benign tumor removed several years ago. The doctor did a great job and they stuck right out there.
I think she's kind of pretty, although her nose was somewhat long and she wore those granny-type half reading glasses all the time, with a chain around her neck holding them.
Cynthia was considered very conservative by everyone who knew her, including me. Earlier in our marriage, I had gone through a period of being kind of a party animal and had been unfaithful to her, nearly causing divorce on a couple of occasions.
That was ancient history now though, the last ten or so years being uneventful. I gave up those bad habits for marital tranquility.
Like a lot of married couples, our sex life was pretty bland. I tried to spice things up once by renting a porn movie, but she became angry and forbid porn in the house. We never discussed anything sexual. I resorted to masturbation often.
I read articles on the internet about improving the quality of your sexual lives, sharing fantasies, role-playing, and those types of things.
I fantasized a lot, but when I tried to discuss it with her, she said "Please! Can we get our minds out of the gutter?"
My wife had to go away on a three day work related trip to Washington D.C. with her boss. Her boss was a younger guy, in his mid 30's. The idea of being jealous never crossed my mind. The trip wasn't unusual. Besides, we were casual friends with her boss and his wife, and his wife was a very attractive, younger blonde.
Early that first evening, my wife called me from the hotel. We discussed the day's events, and then I heard a female voice talking in the background. I asked her who else was there.
She told me that was Jill's voice, her boss's wife. She had accompanied him and they were staying in the adjoining room next door, sharing a bathroom in between.
She mentioned how she would have liked to have been able to bring me along as well, but, of course, I had to work and watch the kids.
Just before we hung up, we had the oddest exchange of words of our married life. I said, "Don't forget to lock the door', then added, "oh, and the bathroom door too."
To which she replied in the most uncharacteristic manner, "They better lock THEIR bathroom door; I just saw Jill get out of the shower, and her bod would be enough to make a straight woman go gay", and she laughed. I heard the other woman laugh in the background as well.
It struck me as pretty funny to. I asked her, "Have you been drinking?"
She giggled and said, "Yeah, I guess a little. There was a little happy hour thingy down in the bar after the last meeting. We're just changing to go back down for supper."
I hadn't known my wife to drink alcohol for at least 15 years. I told her, "Ok, don't do anything I wouldn't do."
She replied, "Oh I won't but that gives me quite a lot of leeway, doesn't it?" To which we both had a good laugh again.
Jill then took the phone, still laughing herself, she said, "Hi, this is Jill. Your wife is just a little tipsy, but don't worry, I've got her back."
She gave the phone back to Cynthia; we said our goodbyes and hung up.
Later that evening, still smiling about our phone conversation, I went into my wife's little upstairs office where she spent all hours of the night typing away on her computer.
We both had our own computers, hers upstairs, mine downstairs. I appreciated the distance apart, especially if I was surfing for porn. I was careful to delete the History and hide my tracks. If she walked in on me I would never hear the end of it.
Having just listened to a side of my wife I hadn't known existed, I had a voyeuristic urge to look into her computer files to see if I might find anything I didn't expect.
I started to get a hard-on imagining I would find all kinds of porn sites she visited regularly, although I knew it was just wishful thinking.
Sitting at her desk, I realized this was the first time I had ever been on her computer, at least without her standing beside me as I helped her with some computer problem.
I could see she covered her tracks as well; nothing in the internet History or Favorites. I dug deeper. Trying to log onto her email, I didn't know the Password. I clicked on "Forget Password?" Aha, the secret question: Your youngest child's middle name. Wow, that was easy. I was in.
Before my very eyes there was unveiled a secret world beyond any fantasy life I could have imagined. Emails from the Adult Swinger website she subscribed to, complete with her username (Beancounter69) and password.
Apparently she was subscribed as a "Couple Looking for another Couple". Indeed, I sure wish I could have been included in this. In her emails, she talked about me as if I were. How strange.
Then I hit the gold mine---the chat archive. Most of the chats were between her and her bosses wife Jill.
I read the entire file, from the early chats where they discussed being bi-curious all the way to Jill instructing her how to subscribe to the Adult Swinger site.
It seemed every step of the way, my wife was reluctant, but after reassurances from Jill, she forged ahead.
Then there was the discussion of the planned get together in Washington D.C. involving four couples, Jill and her husband and two others. We were to be the fourth.
To her credit, and with Jill's encouragement, my wife discussed nearly every day her trying to get the nerve to ask me to come along for this apparent swinger orgy.
In the end, she just couldn't, at least not yet. She wanted to try it herself first, before she involved me. Besides, she thought there was a risk I would forbid it, and she WANTED TO GO.
She had a justified concern. Her boss was involved; therefore their jobs could be at stake. I could get mad and blow the whistle. Secrecy was paramount to the venture. She would have to approach me cautiously.
Jill assured her, that as an additional single female, she would be in great demand. She asked if my wife would be interested in experiencing a Bukakke (pronounced boo-cocky).
She answered, "I don't know what that is, but if it involves a cock, probably. What is it?"
Jill replied, "All three of the men shoot their first load of cum into your mouth and you swallow it. That's a heap of protein."
Cynthia answered, "YES, YES, and GAWD YES! LOL
She continued, "But I have to be a little drunk first, but not too drunk. Besides, I want to be a little drunk to get fucked in the ass too" (Smiley Face)
Jill told my wife that she was going to personally undress her first, in front of the others, while everyone was still clothed. She would then take my nude wife around by the hand and introduce her. She was to drop to her knees, unzip each man's pants and give him a short, introductory blowjob.
My wife was just giddy about the idea and made Jill promise to do it. I figured out from previous conversions that my wife's favorite fantasy was exhibitionism. She wanted to be stripped naked, admired, observed, lusted after and then dominated.
As I sat there reading, my pants were open and I was stroking it. My old boring wife was gone. This new one was going to be a blast.
I wouldn't tell her I had read any of this. I wanted her to tell me about it all in her own good time. It would be fun knowing and her not knowing I know.
The couples had profiles and photos on the website, dressed, undressed and in the act of having sex. Most of the faces were obscured. One was an attractive African American couple, professional types.
One photo in particular was interesting; gorgeous Jill, wearing a huge black strap-on dildo. I think my wife was going to get fucked by more than just the 3 guys!
I was surprised to find some nude photos of myself. They had been taken discreetly while I was getting in and out of the shower. Good girl, I'm proud of you, you naughty devil!
There were four photos of my wife, undressing and nude, standing in various positions in our bathroom using the mirror. What a slut, I LOVED it.
At this point, I was envisioning a future sexual life where I was assured my wife's compliance while I fucked other men's gorgeous wives while watching her suck and fuck and lick other men and women. Isn't this any man's dream come true?
She had no idea that watching her do it with other men and women was my favorite sexual fantasy. I masturbated imagining my uptight wife getting fucked from behind while licking a women's pussy.
Our secret fantasies complimented each other well; she wanted to be watched, I wanted to watch. Before, I couldn't have imagined this happening in a million years.
Looking at the clock, I saw it was 11:00 PM. The kids went to bed an hour ago and the house was quiet. I heard a knock on the door downstairs.
Opening the door, I saw it was Jean, the housecleaning women who came by twice a week while we were at work. This was a strange hour to see her here.
She walked in and right past me, explaining that she knew my wife was out of town and she had promised her she'd come over and check on me and the kids.
Jean was an older woman, probably in her late fifties. She had salt and pepper hair, done up in a short, curly hairdo, like women her age get at the beauty parlor. She wore glasses thick as coke bottles, which gave the illusion her eyes were bigger than they were.
She always wore a print type dress or a long skirt and blouse. I think my wife said she went to a church where the women were not allowed to wear pants. She was medium height, solidly built, but not fat at all.
She acted peculiar as she walked aimlessly around the house, looking at things as though this was the act of checking up on us. She stopped and nervously said,
"I've got this problem I need to talk to you about. I talked to your wife about it and she told me I should talk to you---that you would know about these things and could possibly help me."
I said, "Sure, no problem. Everything's ok here. Would you like to talk now, or would tomorrow be better"?
"No, no, now would be better, I waited until this hour so my husband and your children would be to bed. It's kind of personal; can we sit in the living room"?
I said, "Of course, come on in and get comfortable".
She gave a nervous smile and went and sat on the couch, facing slightly to the side as though I should sit there too.
I sat down and she looked at me, smiled a little, looked away, then said, "I don't really know how to start, so I'll just start blabbing. I was telling your wife about Frank, my husband. You know, he's my second husband; the first, Al, died about ten years ago..."
"No, I didn't know that..."
She blurted on, "No, its ok---but Frank---well, he's a good hearted man, but he's not too bright. He's the janitor at the Christian Academy, you know."
She continued, "It's about sex---Frank just doesn't want to have sex anymore. I have tried to talk to him about it, but he just gets mad. You might think I'm an old woman, but I like sex---I've ALWAYS liked sex."
There was a silence as she looked at me, then back to her folded hands on her knees. I started to say, "Well, do you think..."
She blurted out, "And I like it French---I've always been very French. Frank will have none of that!"
I said, "French---as in..."
She wasn't done, she said, "Just let me finish, please. Like I was telling your wife, the problem, as I see it, is being around you. You are a young and vibrant man. I have---difficulty---being around you. I almost can't control myself, even when your wife is with you."
I said, "And my wife told you talk to me about it, that I could help you?"
"Yes", she said, a little tearfully, "It all began one morning when your wife caught me peeking at you while you were in the shower. I offered to quit, but she insisted I stay. We've talked several times about it. She told me yesterday; tonight would be a good opportunity for me to talk to you, while she was away."
She was flushed with embarrassment, looking up at me, then back down to the floor, a tear running down her cheek. One hand was nervously fingering the top button of her blouse, as though she would unbutton it at any moment.
It surprised her when I stood up and started to walk away. She stammered, "I'm sorry, maybe I should leave now?"
I said, "No, that's quite alright, come with me, I have to go upstairs."
I walked up the stairs with her hurrying along behind me. I stopped and looked in on the kids---sound asleep, and then softly shut their bedroom doors.
She followed me into my bedroom as I went over to the nightstand and clicked on the small lamp. I told her to shut the door and she complied. I stood looking out the window into the darkness. She came over and stood nervously next to me.
I said, "If you want me to help you, you have to do everything I say, understood?"
She stammered, "Yes, anything, whatever you say."
She shuttered involuntarily when I put my hand on her back, and then I said, "Whenever you are in this room, you have to do whatever you are told. This is my room and I'm in charge."
"Yes---yes sir, you are in charge." She answered.
I whispered, "You like to suck cock?
"Oh yes, I love that." She replied.
"Well, this is my wife's room too. If we let you come in here, you will have to lick her pussy too, would you like that."
She sobbed, "Oh yes, I WOULD like that."
Then I ordered, "Strip, kneel down and open that cocksucking mouth."
As quickly as she could she was undressed. Nice ass for an older lady, nice tits too, hell, everything looked well preserved, and white, like her skin had never seen sunlight.
She knelt down and extended her tongue, saying, "Gimme that cock! Fuck my mouth, please!"
My hard cock sprung out of pants, she gobbled it up greedily. While she sucked, I told her, "When my wife gets home, we might surprise her. She might catch you sucking my cock and she might want to spank you."
This just made her groan and suck harder. I continued, "...and anyone else we invite, you may have to fuck and suck them too---you might get more fucking than you've had in your lifetime. Would you like that?"
She couldn't talk with her mouth full, but she grunted in the affirmative.
I grabbed her hair and fucked her face furiously, the end of my cock deep in her throat, gagging her repeatedly. She made a gargling noise and a string of saliva hung from her chin.
Pulling out, I lifted her by the arms and instructed her to kneel on all fours on the bed. Fingering her mouth, I inserted three fingers, telling her, "Show me how you are going to suck another cock while I fuck you." She sucked and licked my fingers hungrily.
I stepped back to her big round ass and gave it two slaps, making her flinch each time. Bending down, I gave the outside of her pussy and her asshole an examination with my index finger.
I grabbed the baby oil from the dresser and poured a little down her butt crack. She was looking back, moaning and grunting. I ran a finger around her tight asshole rim, then inserted it, slowly pumping it in and out as she moaned "Oh, oh, oh my, oh my..."
I said, "You like ass fucking huh?"
She answered, "Yes, I've never done this, but your finger feels so good!"
I went to the dresser bottom drawer, under wifey's nighties, and took out her vibrator. My wife didn't know that I knew it was there or even that she had it for that matter. I rubbed it on her clit and she bucked with pleasure.
I put it in her hand and said, "Here, get yourself off while I fuck you in the ass. Rub it on your clit."
She took it from me as if it was something she wasn't familiar with. She was a quick study and was soon rubbing herself like an expert.
Jean was a crier. As she rubbed her clit, I slowly inserted my cock into and out of her tight anus. She sobbed, and then cried, telling me that she was cumming and that it felt too good to stop.
I pulled my dick out and moved to the other side of the bed, standing in front of her face. Stroking my cock, I said, "Open your mouth now, I've got a load of cum for you."
Her mouth opened wide and she extended her tongue. Grabbing the back of her head, my cock deep in her mouth, I bucked my hips and squirted once, twice, then a third time.
She tried to swallow, but she gagged and a long stream of cum dripped from her mouth to the bed. After squeezing out the last drop, I pulled back. She bent down and licked my cum off the bedspread.
"She said, "Yum that's good, that tastes so good."
I put on my pajama bottoms and robe. Jean sheepishly got up and put her clothes back on. There was no kissing or embracing. This was going to be sex, raw and kinky.
I asked her, "So---my wife told you to come over and talk to me about this. She told you to come over here late at night while she was gone away. Don't you find that odd? I mean, don't you think she suspected this might happen?"
Jean got wide eyed and she had an astonished expression on her face. I had hit on a subject she was anxious to talk about. She said, "Now that you mention it, YES, nobody could have been more surprised than me."
I said, "Tell me about it, and don't leave anything out."
She said, "I hate to talk about your wife behind her back, she is such a sweet woman and is so good to me. Please don't tell her anything I said."
I winked and said, "My lips are sealed, now go on."
She was bursting to tell me. "The other day I was just finishing up cleaning the bathroom over there that adjoins your bedroom. Cynthia arrived home from work and came upstairs. The kids were all off with their friends somewhere; you were still at work, or somewhere, I don't know."
She continued, "Well anyway, I had talked to your wife about my---you know---problem with Frank, on a couple of occasions before, and she was always a very understanding and good listener."
She seemed a little hesitant to continue. Then, "You know how modest your wife is---well, I shouldn't say that, but she seems like a very reserved and modest woman, a real lady."
I replied, "Yes, I agree, go on."
She said, "As we exchanged small talk in your bedroom, your wife began to undress. Nothing unusual about that I guess, I mean we are two women, and women undress together all the time, in locker rooms and what-not."
I said, "No---not unusual---go on."
She said, "Well after she was completely nude for her shower, she stood looking at herself in the full length mirror as we continued talking. I know it was just me, but it seemed kind of sexual. I was getting uncomfortable and I was having trouble concentrating on what we were talking about."
She continued, "I think your wife noticed me staring at her body and she seemed amused at how flustered I was getting. Then she asked me if I thought she had a nice body, for an old lady."
I asked, "Yeah? Did you think she had a nice body?"
She excitedly answered, "Yes! I told her she had a wonderful body! I think she was a little amused at my enthusiasm. Then she scared me a little bit."
I couldn't hold back a smile when I asked, "Now what did my wife do that scared you?"
She answered, "Well, maybe scared isn't the right word---but as I stood across the room from her, at the foot of your bed, she turned towards me, gave me a sexy little smile, put her hands on the top of her thighs, and walked across the room towards me, real sexy like, moving her shoulders to make her breasts sway back and forth."
She went on, "I was so surprised, I went to step back, but ended up stumbling on the foot of your bed and found myself suddenly sitting down. Your wife stopped and bent over, and I was staring at her swaying breasts, just inches from my face."
I chuckled, "So did you suck her nipples?"
Jean answered, "Lord no, I was so surprised, stunned, that I just sat there trembling, staring at her breasts, then down below too. That's when your wife told me about her going away for a few days, and told me to come over here and talk to you. You know the rest. She made me promise."
She continued, "Then she just walked away toward the bathroom, asking me to please shut the door on the way out."
Jean's story had made my cock hard again. I asked her, "So, do you think my wife was giving you permission to do what we did?"
She answered, "Yes---no, well I'm not sure, but I think so. She knew the difficulty I was having being around you, we had discussed that. Do you think she will be ok with it? I'm not going to tell her, I promise you that!"
I smiled and said, "Don't worry about it. I'll decide. I'll tell her, when the time is right, if ever. Who knows, maybe we could tell her together? That might be fun. She might get off on it."
Jean had a worried look on her face now. She said, "Oh I hope so. I don't want to cause any trouble, honest. It's just been so difficult for me; sometimes I don't know what I'm doing. I masturbate a lot; maybe I need to talk to someone..."
I interrupted, "No, you are fine. You just have too much bottled up sexual energy. You need to release it. It's going to be alright."
Jean had more to say, "I should tell you, it has helped me to talk through some of my problems. I have a good friend at church, Sue, I have told her about you and other things. She doesn't know you though, so I hope you aren't mad. I don't want to betray your confidence."
I said, "No, not at all. Everyone needs a friend to confide in. So tell me about Sue, who is she?"
Jean answered, "She's a widow, about my same age. We volunteer for things at the church together and have grown close enough to discuss personal things, that's all. She seems to be able to identify with me and what I'm going through, being an attractive widow and all."
I said, "So she's attractive eh? Tell me about her and your friendship."
Jean hadn't a clue where I was heading with this and continued on. She was honest to the point of a fault and liked to talk first, think later.
She replied, "Oh yes, very attractive. Everyone at the church thinks so. She's kind of wealthy too, I think. I clean her house too, although she keeps it so spotless, sometimes I don't see the point.
Jean continued, "Sue is tall and thin, very prim and trim, as they say. She has beautiful silver hair, always perfect. She's smart too, like you. The other women at church are a little leery about letting their husbands get too close to her. I think it's so unfair."
I asked, "But the two of you have some things in common?"
She answered, "Well yes, personal stuff. I hate to talk about her, but I guess its ok, seeing that I talked to her about you. Most women our age still have sexual needs, but like many women in similar circumstances, not many outlets—so to speak."
She continued, "When her husband passed away, she and I were cleaning out her garage and found a brown grocery bag. Inside the bag, was a bunch of triple X porn VHS tapes. They looked like they were pretty old, like from the 1980's. There was a VCR tape player machine on the shelf as well."
Sue had said, "Well, the old bastard, looks like we found his porn collection."
Jean said, "Some days later, I found the tape player in her bedroom connected to her television. While cleaning, I noticed the brown grocery bag on the floor of her closet, behind her shoes."
"Sue later confided to me that she watched the tapes as a way to stimulate herself while she masturbated. I was grateful she told me. It made me more comfortable discussing some of the more unseemly aspects of the sexual fantasies I was always having."
I asked, "So did you ever watch the tapes? Did the two of you watch them together?"
"Oh no", she replied, "Never anything like that. However, she did tell me once to feel free to borrow them if I wanted to. I told her I would never dare bring something like that into our house, Frank would have a fit. Besides, we didn't own a VCR."
Jean said, "Sue gave me permission to watch them whenever I wanted while she was away, which was often. I did, and really got an eyeful. They were different, but many were about older women and younger men. I could identify with that!"
I said, "So does Sue have a boyfriend?"
She answered, "No, Sue said she hasn't had sex with a man in 20 years. Apparently her and her husband went without for about 10 years before he passed on."
I asked, "So, did you tell Sue you were coming over here tonight?"
She answered, "Yes, that was alright, wasn't it?"
"Yes, I'm glad you did. Did she try to talk you out of it, or did she encourage you to come?"
Jean's eyes got wide and she said, "No, no, she told me to go for it. She is dying to know every detail!"
I stood in front of her and dropped my pajama bottoms, saying "I want you to tell Sue how I came twice in your mouth."
She looked at my cock excitedly, saying, "Yes, I will, I'll tell her. Do the nasty in my mouth again!"
Sitting on the bed, Jean stroked and sucked and slobbered and moaned. With considerable more effort than it took the first time, she soon had me squirting again. This time she was careful not to let a drop spill, savoring it with relish.
I had never known a woman that enjoyed eating cum so much, although the recent revelations about my Jekyll and Hyde wife made me wonder who was the biggest cum whore.
When I finished, I told Jean, "My wife will be home Saturday. Tonight is Wednesday. Friday night, the kids are spending the night at their grandma's house. I want to meet your friend Sue. I would like you to arrange for her and I to meet Friday night. Could you do that?"
Jean was astonished—flabbergasted! She stammered, "Now wait. I don't know about that. I don't know if she would do that. A woman like that could probably have a man whenever she wanted, but she's gone so long. I dunno about that..."
I interrupted, "You just tell her. She'll either say yes or no. I insist. Are you going to be my good little fuck toy and do as I ask? Or are you going to deny me the first favor I ask of you?"
Poor naïve Jean looked down sadly and said, "I'm sorry, that was pretty selfish of me. I'll ask her. No, I'll do my best to convince her. I'll talk to her about it tomorrow, I promise. It might be embarrassing."
Thursday evening Jean the housekeeper called. She said, "I talked to Sue today about what you asked me to. She asked me for your phone number and I gave it to her."
I asked, "So did she say yes or no? Did you tell her about our encounter?"
"Yes", she answered, "She questioned me about every detail. She thought it was wonderful. However, she didn't indicate to me whether she would call you or not, and I didn't press her." I told her she did good and said goodnight.
Later that evening, I decided to look at my wife's email again. She had some new email, one caught my attention, and it was from her new friend Jill. It was titled PICS. In it, Jill says, "Here ya go Sweety, Good Girl." Attached were four photos of my wife:
The first showed her smiling, standing nude, with Jill beside her clothed.
The second, kneeling nude in front of a black man with about a third of his long cock in her mouth.
Third, showed the rear view of four women, standing with their arms over each other as if in a chorus line.
Fourth, and the most amazing, my wife on her knees on a bed, facing the foot of the bed. The black man is ramming her from behind, while the man standing in front of her is shooting his load into her mouth. An unknown nude woman is beside her fondling my wife's tits.
All the photos had black bars over the person's eyes to hide their identity. Like the Lone Ranger or Zorro, it didn't hide it very well, at least if you knew the person.
Friday evening I returned from taking the kids to grandma's, undressed and got into the shower. I faintly could hear the telephone ringing. I would let the machine get it.
After getting dressed, I listened to the phone message. At first there was a brief silence, and then a sweet older woman's voice began, a little unsure.
"Hello---this is Jean's friend. I was hoping to talk to you this evening. You may call me at this number. Thank you. Goodbye."
I dialed her up. I decided to be mysterious and not use names. When she answered I said, "Hi, is this Jean's friend?"
She answered, "Yes it is---how are you tonight?"
"I couldn't be better." I answered. "Listen, I was hoping you and I could meet tonight. Jean speaks very highly of you. I've been looking forward to meeting you with great anticipation."
She was an articulate woman and spoke with a sensual understatement. She said, "I've been looking forward to meeting you with much greater anticipation, I assure you. Would you please come over and be my guest, around eight-ish? I can give you the directions."
This woman was a cool cucumber. I answered, "That might not be necessary. I was hoping to bring Jean along. She knows the way."
When Sue spoke, I noticed some hesitation, but she handled it without breaking her stride. "Oh? Of course, Jean is a good friend and always welcome. My only concern would be if you wanted to discuss anything intimate; intended for my ears alone. I'll leave that for you to decide."
I answered, "Oh, what I desire from you couldn't be more intimate and is intended for you alone. But Jean is such a nice woman, and I owe her for the opportunity to meet you. I thought it might be fun for her just to be present, that's all. You might find it enjoyable as well."
After a short pause she spoke again. She was trying to hide the fact she was beginning to breathe a little faster. "So---you ARE an adventurous spirit. I think I'll leave the night's agenda in your hands."
I continued, "Jean raves about your extensive video collection. Perhaps a movie would be nice."
Sue answered, "I don't know how extensive it is, but I think that is a marvelous idea. I'll let you pick the movie."
At first Jean was a little confused and reluctant, but she gave in so easily. She drove over and left her car at my house, riding over to Sue's in mine. Before long we were at her front door.
She greeted us both with a standoff-ish hug and peck on the cheek. She said, "Welcome to my home. It is so nice to have guests like this."
You could tell she must have been a real socialite in her day, but those days had passed her by some time ago.
The two women were a study in contrast. Truly the woman of the house and the housekeeper. Sue was bubbly and confident; Jean was appreciative of being welcomed to her employer's home.
Sue was a little taller than Jean, had silver hair, a trim waist, small breasts, and had what looked like a perky butt. She wore a tight black skirt that zipped up the side and a thin white blouse. I imagined she might be in her early 60's, but only looked younger, being very well maintained.
Jean wore a belted blue and white print dress and a necklace of fake pearls. The belt drew her dress tight around her waist and accentuated her larger breasts. Her top two buttons was undone, showing a bit more cleavage than usual
The sexual tension and anticipation was so thick you could cut it with a knife. There is nothing more erotic. There was no hurry.
My bulging half hard dick pressed against my trousers the minute Sue opened her front door. "Down boy", I thought, "We have all night."
We went into the living room. There were two small couches that faced one another, with a coffee table in between. They didn't face each other directly, but were angled slightly towards a large, 62 inch television, allowing both conversation and TV viewing.
Our gracious host motioned towards one couch for Jean to sit, then towards the other for me. She disappeared for a few moments and returned with a tray holding a bottle of wine and three tall wine glasses.
As Sue filled the glasses, Jean seemed a bit anxious, saying, "Is that wine? Do you think we should?"
I did recall my wife saying that their church didn't allow alcohol.
Sue assured her, "Relax Jean, its only wine---you know, like at communion? Don't let me be a bad influence though; let me offer you something else."
Jean reached for the glass, saying, "No, wine is fine, I'd like to have some."
Sue sat on my couch, or I guess loveseat would be a more appropriate description, but not too close to me. We indulged in some idle chit chat, drinking wine, first one glass, and then another. I noticed Jean was the first to empty her glass and was soon pouring her third.
As we talked, I noticed Sue would cross her legs in a ladylike manner. Her hand seemed to accidentally catch her hem and innocently pull it up a little, each time revealing a bit more leg. They were nice legs. She would catch me glancing at them and give me a little smile, then look away.
I was surprised when Sue said, "I hear you have a lovely wife. Cynthia, isn't it? Jean has told me so much about the two of you. I hope someday I get the opportunity to meet her."
Jean was obviously getting tipsy. She spoke up, saying, "Oh yes Sue, you would like her. She is SOOO nice; and SUCH a lovely woman."
I answered, "My wife's away on a trip, but she'll be home tomorrow. I'm anxious to see her."
Sue winked at me and said, "I bet you are. But tonight I guess you're going to have to settle for the two of us. I hope we can help keep your mind off of her at least for a little while."
I said, "Missing who?"
They both broke into loud laughter. Their inhibitions decreased with each sip of wine. More of Sue's legs were exposed, and I noticed Jean had picked up on that and was doing the same thing with her dress hem. It seemed I would soon know the color of their panties!
Then I said, "Seriously, I'm rather anxious for you to meet my wife. It's a shame she's not here right now. I suspect she might be enjoying this as much as I am."
Sue gave Jean a quizzical glance and seemed a little surprised, not knowing whether I was being humorous or serious. Jean gave her an uncommitted expression but then a little affirmative nod. Sue waited a moment, letting it sink in, or for me to say I was just kidding.
When it became apparent I wasn't, Sue said, "Now isn't THAT interesting. I think I'll plan a little Sunday brunch just for the two of you. Be sure you talk to her first to be sure she would be interested, would you do that?"
I told her I would, at the first opportunity I had to discuss it with her.
Events were unfolding pretty much as I had anticipated. Sue and I did most of the talking. Jean seemed to just watch and listen, mesmerized, sipping on her wine, taking it all in.
Sue went to "freshen up". When she returned, it was Jean's turn to go. Sue rubbed her fingers along my neck as she passed behind me. She sat back down, but this time a little closer to me.
As she crossed her legs, her hand adjusted her hemline up to the appropriate, sexiest length, midway between her knee and her pussy.
My cock was swelling again and was extended down into the leg of my thin trousers, the outline of the head clearly visible.
As she talked, Sue made a deliberate point of allowing me to see her gaze go down to my crotch, then back up to my eyes. When her gaze met mine, I lowered my eyes to her breasts and on down to her legs, then up again.
While Jean was gone, I said, "You don't mind Jean being present, do you? She seems very content to watch and listen."
Sue whispered, "I have to confess, I had my reservations. But now that you are both here, I'm finding it erotic beyond anything I could have imagined. The only thing that might be more erotic would be if it was your wife sitting over there on that couch."
I answered, "I agree with you there. Or perhaps my wife would be sitting here and I'd be over there watching and listening?"
Sue lost her cool composure a bit and her face flushed red. Her mouth formed a kind of an astonished O. For the first time, she seemed at a loss for words.
Finally she said, "Well, I've read that's something every woman has fantasies about. I guess I'm no exception. Some of the woman on woman scenes in X rated movies makes me---well---they have the desired effect on me."
She continued, "Jean told about an---incident---with your wife."
I broke in, "Yes, she described it to me too."
Sue said, "Jean didn't know quite what to make of it, and frankly, I didn't either. It was either completely innocent, or your wife has quite a playful streak and a great sense of humor. She sounds like a fascinating person and I just know I'm going to like her."
Jean came back and sat back down, picking up her wine glass and downing the last of it with relish. Reaching to pour another glass she said, "So what did I miss, anything interesting?"
I answered, "Not much, we were just about to start a movie, any suggestions?"
Jean said, "Oh no, not me, you two decide."
Sue said, "You pick one. They are over there next to the VCR. I have both VHS and DVD."
I said, "I feel a little nostalgic for a VHS. Let's see what we have."
Sue had stacked the tapes in the rack, next to the DVD's. Looking them over, they were all X rated. I picked up the top one, titled "Taboo" something or other and read the plot line out loud.
"Sex starved older women can't get enough of their son's young stud friends. Let's start with this one."
Jean innocently said, "That's a good one".
Sue chuckled and said, "Yes, sex starved older women, good choice."
After I put the tape in I sat back down next to Sue. We were close enough this time that our hips were touching. I started the movie using the remote, then leaned back and put my hand on her bare thigh near her hemline. Her hand went to my thigh, just an inch below where my cock bulged.
Jean's eyes seemed to look even larger than usual through her coke bottle thick glasses. She stared open mouthed, looking back and forth from the action on the screen to Sue and me.
The alcohol was having an effect on Jean. As she watched the porn movie, she lost some of her inhibitions. One hand was in her bra rubbing her nipple; the other was up her skirt fingering her pussy.
Sue's fingers had made their way to my cock and she rubbed it deliciously through my trousers. I was gently rubbing the top of her thigh and her wet pussy lips through her panties.
The action on screen was adding to the excitement. The brunette MILF with the huge tits was being rammed from behind by one big cock, while the young black stud standing in front of her stroking his cock began to shoot his cum into her face and mouth, cum dripping everywhere.
Sue quietly gasped, "What a waste!"
As my finger moved her panties aside and felt her wetness, I asked, "What's a waste?"
She answered, "All that cum, yummy. Black, white, yellow, men, women; I'm not prejudiced.
Jean chimed in, "Oh my gawd, a big black cock, can you imagine?"
I stood up and moved the coffee table from between the couches. I stood facing Sue. I took off my shirt, then my shoes and socks. Sue sat up so she was perched on the edge of the couch and watched as I undid my pants and slid my shorts down to my ankles.
Sue stared at my throbbing cock, licking her lips in anticipation. Jean reached over and caressed my ass cheeks. Sue moved her face close to it and began licking, her tongue darting in and out.
Then she opened her mouth wide and took it deep throat, further and further, until her nose touched my stomach. Pulling away, she smiled as she looked up at me, saying, "I love your big cock."
Jean watched in fascination, saying, "Oh yeah Sue, suck that big cock." I felt Jean's tongue licking my ass cheeks.
I gently took Sue by her forearms and pulled her up so she was standing. I put my hands on her small breasts and gave them a gentle squeeze, rubbing her nipples through her thin blouse and bra with my thumbs.
Pulling her shoulders back, she closed her eyes and thrust her titties out, shuddering as though a chill had swept over her. She began to moan as I slid my hand into her blouse and under her thin bra, tweaking her nipple which became hard as a bullet.
I took Jean by the arm and pulled her up so she was standing to the side of us. I put my arms around both of their waists and pulled the three of us close together. Sue had one hand grasping my cock; one of Jean's hands fondled my balls.
Sue was nervous and I could feel her shaking uncontrollably. I took one of Jean's hands and guided it under Sue's shirt and bra. Jean instinctively began fondling Sue's nipple.
Sue looked at Jean with a surprised look, as though she couldn't believe a woman touching her tits felt as good as a man doing it. I asked them,
"Have either of you ever French kissed another woman?"
They both adamantly shook their heads no. I took Jean's glasses off and set them on the table. Her eyes suddenly became normal size.
With a hand on Sue's neck, I guided her face to Jean's. Both women's eyes were wide open as if in disbelief. Just as their mouths met, their tongues began dancing with each other, and soon both had their eyes closed and were sucking each others mouths hungrily.
As they kissed I began to unbutton Sue's blouse and undid her bra. I told Jean, "Let's strip her naked, help me."
Jean was getting into this. She quit kissing Sue and eagerly unzipped her skirt, pulling it off her. Then she grasped the top of her panties and pulled them to her ankles, Sue quickly stepping out of them and kicked them aside.
The bottle of wine was empty, so I asked Sue, "Do you have any more wine?"
Surprised, she answered, "Of course, would you like me to get us some more?"
I shook my head in the affirmative. As she walked towards the kitchen, completely nude, she turned and watched us watching her, shaking her head, she said, "You are a rascal, aren't you?"
When she returned, she put the bottle on the table. I took her by the waist and pulled her to me and kissed her. She took my tongue in her lips and sucked like it was a cock.
Jean was sitting close by on the couch, watching us as though we were a porn movie. Stepping closer to Jean, I put my hand behind her head and pulled her face to my cock.
She sucked like a woman possessed. I had one hand on Sue's ass, the other between her legs, fingering her pussy. She lifted one leg and put it on the couch next to Jean.
Pulling away from Jean, her mouth made a wet pop sound as my cock came out of her mouth. Taking the back of her head again, I guided her face to Sue's pussy.
She resisted at first, but complied as I applied more strength to the back of her head. Sue backed away a bit, but I thrust her hips towards Jean's mouth with the hand that firmly grasped her ass.
Sue stroked my cock with one hand while she spread her legs and accepted Jean's mouth. Jean licked and sucked that pussy with even more passion than she sucked cock, if that were possible.
I sat on the edge of the couch and with both hands on Sue's hips, turned her ass was towards me and pulled her pussy down onto my cock. She was tight, but very wet. As my cock entered her, inch by inch, she let out a long moan.
I fucked her hard, lifting her so just my cock head was in, then bucking my hips and forcing her down by her hips. She turned her head towards me and said, "Remember, you have to come in my mouth---TWICE!"
I said, "Oh yeah baby, the first isn't going to be long now."
She cried out, "Not yet, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum, I eee, eee, eee!"
Jean knelt in front of us, watching in awe as my cock slide in and out of Sue.
I told her, "Keep licking!"
Jean bent to the task, her long tongue licking Sue's clit, and then my shaft as it came out and in. Sue was chanting with each thrust, "I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming..."
I pulled Sue up and off my cock, saying, "Here I cum baby!"
Sue spun around, grasped my cock and balls and took it deep into her mouth, pumping and sucking, her lips making a loud smacking sound as she sucked.
She squealed in pleasure as I shot my load into her mouth. She swallowed, but then tilted her head back and pulled away, opening her mouth; showing she still had a mouthful of cum.
Turning towards Jean, she leaned in to kiss her. Jean's mouth met Sue's full on, and their tongues were soon both covered in the white sticky stuff, which they both then swallowed greedily, Jean saying, "Oh that's good."
We all sat back on the couches, Jean on one, Sue and I on the other. Jean was wiping her face with a napkin and turned her attention to the big screen TV action (apparently a mature mom-teenage son swapping orgy).
Jean was still fully dressed. I guess she was being patient, hoping she would get a turn soon. Referring to the movie, I asked Jean, "Would you do that?"
Without hesitation she laughed and said, "YES, are you kidding me?"
I said, "Maybe someday the opportunity will come knockin. I'll arrange a man for you, a man for my wife, and I'll bring Sue. Would you be willing Sue? I might have to share you with other men, perhaps other women?"
She looked at me thoughtfully, a small smile on her face and nodded her head yes. I pushed her back and spread her legs and put my mouth to her pussy. I licked and licked her clit, my tongue darting in an out of her pussy as well. Her hands squeezed and fondled her tits.
She was quick to reach orgasm and was apparently capable of having several. Afterwards, I sat back and turned by attention to the movie. Sue put her head in my lap and kissed and licked my cock.
Jean was squirming in her seat as she watched us. She said, "You two are making my twat twitch."
I looked down at Sue and said, "I think we need to fuck her, what do you say?"
She answered, "Yes, by all means."
Both women seemed to have quickly overcome there squeamishness at being with another woman.
As Sue sat up on the couch, I walked over and took Jean by the hand. She smiled as she stood up. I walked her over to the sliding glass door facing Sue's backyard pool. I opened the curtains and peered into the darkness. I couldn't make out anything in particular.
I asked Sue, "Didn't you say your neighbors were a couple teenage boys that were notorious window peepers?"
She instinctively saw where I was going and answered, "Oh yes, the two young hunks that are on the football team. I have to keep my curtains pulled tight. They always are running around out there at night."
Jean's hand reached up and pulled the front of her dress together over her cleavage. I took her hands and moved them away and reached for the belt of her dress.
She said, "You devil, don't you dare!"
I pulled her back towards me with her belt. I said, "I'm going to strip you naked right here where the young hunks can watch you. They are going to masturbate every night thinking about you."
Now she was shaking. She said, "You're going to do it, aren't you."
I replied, "Oh yes!"
I unbuttoned her dress and it fell to the floor. I reached behind and undid her bra and it fell too. I pulled her panties off and she stood there looking out the window nervously.
I took her by the hand and turned her around. Then I shut the curtains and walked her back into the living room.
She said to Sue, "Did you see what he made me do? Goodness, those young men, seeing me naked like that? It's---it's a turn on, that's what it is. Gawd my pussy is getting wet thinking about it."
Sue stood next to Jean, running her hand over her ass, feeling her tits. Jean looked like she was going to faint when Sue reached down and fondled her pussy.
I told Sue to lie on her back on the soft carpeted floor. Then I had Jean kneel so her pussy was just above Sue's face. I said, "I've always fantasized about watching two women do a sixty-nine."
Sue put her hands on Jean's ass and pulled her hips down, reaching up with her tongue to lick her clit. Soon both women were busy licking, sucking, finger fucking, and fondling each others assholes.
I knelt behind Jean's ass and soon Sue's mouth was full of my cock. Pulling out of her mouth, I shoved it deep into Jean's pussy. I fucked her hard. It made a loud slapping sound as her bare ass hit my stomach. I could feel Sue's hands and tongue on my cock and balls.
Soon Jean was cumming loudly in her usual way, sobbing and crying as if in pain, but not in any pain at all.
Then it was Sue's turn as she reached down and grabbed Jean's head by the hair as Sue thrust her hips up into Jean's face. Jean put both hands under Sue's ass and practically picked her up off the floor.
Then Sue firmly grasped my cock between her fingers and began pumping it, yelling "Give it up, give me that load, I want that cum boy..."
Just before I shot my load I pulled out of Jean's cunt. Sue pulled my cock into her mouth in a tight lip lock. One hand squeezed my cock. With the other, she was furiously shoving her index finger in an out of my asshole.
To my surprise, the finger in my ass made my shoot my load almost instantly. In fact I think I came more the second time than the first.
As the three of us lay spent in a heap, Sue sucked away on my cock as if it were a pacifier.
As I lay there, I couldn't help but think about my wife coming home the next day. I wondered if she would have trouble not walking bow-legged. In any event, I had better rest up. I was going to fuck my wife tomorrow.
Continued in Part 2