Everyone in the story is over 18 years old. This work of fiction is a product of the author's imagination and the characters, incidents or dialog are not to be construed as real. This story includes scenes of graphic sex and should NOT be read by minors or anyone that might be offended by such filth. No one should publish or post this story anywhere else without the author's written permission. No animals were injured or killed in the making of this story.
The length of this story is around 8,000 words and takes up about 2-1/2 pages on Lit. Tags used on this story are: Wife, voyeur, Public, public sex, public nudity, outdoors, exhibitionism, exhibitionist, milf, married
This is my entry in the 2016 National Nude Day Contest.
XXXXXXX
Janet got into her husband's car very carefully. Against her better judgment she had let Chuck talk her into the skimpy sundress.
It came down to within a few inches of her knees, but it was of such a light and flimsy material that she just knew that her body would be silhouetted if she were between someone and a light source, like the sun.
She smiled, he always held the door for her and came around to help her out.
"Darling, I love how you always open doors for me, but I sometimes wonder if it's so you can see up my dress," she said with a grin.
"Well, you always smile," he answered, watching carefully.
"I have to admit that I was horrified when I first suspected it."
"And now?" he asked.
"Well, I like that you enjoy looking at me so much," she said.
"I sense a but," he said as he closed the door and started to head around the car to his door.
She thought about it a while, but didn't say anything until they were out of the garage and heading down the street. The rumble of the car's engine announcing their progress.
"You know how shy I am," she said.
"Not like you were when we first married," he laughed.
She leaned back in her seat and thought back to when they first married.
She was raised in a strict family, and it was difficult to bring herself to even disrobe in front of her husband. But that strict tradition also insisted she obey him. She found that in the bedroom, after a while, she allowed herself to let go. Once that happened ... she enjoyed herself. Really enjoyed herself.
She had gotten used to it, and he was her husband after all. She often thought of him as her groom, her new husband, the man she was about to marry, or just married and was off on her honeymoon trip. That they had tied the knot six years ago didn't seem to matter to him, or, she smiled to herself, to her.
They still treated each other and acted with each other as newlyweds. At first she was surprised at the things they could do together in bed, she had expected standard missionary position, that was what her mother told her about.
And it wasn't just in the bedroom, she was truly shocked that he wanted to do it in every room of every place they lived. She remembered how she blushed once when she recalled what they had done on the dining room table the night before they had her parents over for Thanksgiving.
Her mother had asked her if she was all right, which embarrassed her further. Chuck had just grinned at her with those eyes that looked both lecherous and puppy dog happy at the same time. Her mother never caught on, but she saw her father smile and she blushed even more.
Her groom. Hah. He was a boy at heart, this ridiculous old car was just another example. Who would want something so outmoded. It probably wasn't even safe. And that huge engine that he said they had 'shoe-horned' into the car. It made such a noise.
It was a throbbing beat when it was running smoothly, and at an idle it seemed to almost die and cough then he would blip the gas and it would snarl into a rumpy pumpy rumble. She had asked him to get better mufflers, but he said the 'glass packs', whatever THEY were, would be fine. His friends seem to think so, and so did his father who had helped him rebuild it.
It was a beautiful spring day, the sun was out and an unseasonable temperature of the mid eighties was forecast. As always this time of year there was a good breeze coming from the South, and today there were no thunderheads to spoil the day. Chuck was happy. He was taking his beloved '57 Chevy for a spin.
His dad had gotten it while Chuck was in high school, and Chuck helped his father do much of the restoration, and now it was his all these years later. He had folded the convertible top down before Janet came into the garage with their lunch things. He even got her a scarf for her hair. With her huge dark glasses and light sundress she was a sight. She could have been a '50s movie star.
Janet was a little uncomfortable. She didn't like wearing her new swim suit in public, and even though Chuck said he knew a place on Arrowhead lake that was secluded, he had also admitted under her questioning that there were others that did come there, sometimes.
She had been raised in a strict family and taught to be modest, and even after six years of marriage to Chuck she still liked to be well covered and above reproach in public. Janet often fell back on the argument that as a teacher in the local Woodston High School she had to meet 'certain standards'.
The dress was just one more thing that she had been talked into. She secretly got a thrill from it. The zipper was in front, with a large ring that was easy to grab, it went all the way to the bottom hem. She knew Chuck was dying to pull it down further, to expose her bosom more.
Chuck drove down the highway with a grin on his face. He glanced at Janet occasionally as she rode along, her scarf and huge dark glasses obscured her features. Those huge dark glasses looked like they came out of the eighties.
He was happy she was wearing that sun dress. He was glad she put her new suit on underneath it, but wished she had put on a bikini. Chuck knew Janet would look stunning in a bikini, even a modest one, but she clung to a full coverage one piece. At least this one was sexier than what she usually wore.
He was glad that he had at least he had talked her into it. It had high cut thighs, not the super high cut ones, but more than her usual ones. The top was another thing she was uncomfortable with, it was cut a little low, and showed off the tops of her breasts and her cleavage.
Telling her that those high cut ones were designed to make hips appear slimmer had convinced her into getting this one. She certainly did look good in it, even if it didn't show as much skin as a skimpy bikini would, it did show her figure and she had a good one. Chuck wished that she thought so too.
Chuck saw a large pickup truck ahead of them. He smiled to himself and sped up a little, hoping they would pass sooner rather than later. He saw that Janet was self absorbed and staring to the front, she had no idea what the air currents blowing around inside the open car were doing to her dress.
Normally her dress would be safe, but with the cross-wind that they were getting was causing some change and her dress was billowing up and her legs were visible almost to the point where her suit started. And while the suit didn't show off her middle, her legs were all on display.
Another thing Janet either ignored or wasn't aware of, was that with the dress billowing out, it was easy to see down it from above, even with the zip done up all the way. Her suit showed lots of cleavage and strongly hinted at the hidden bounty.
"Is it far honey," asked Janet loudly, turning slightly to look at him. Her dress billowed up further, Chuck saw in the quick glance he gave her.
"Another few minutes honey, the turn off is a few miles yet," was her husband's answer.
When she turned back she caught some of the loose fabric under her, holding the dress high, the edge of pale blue suit showed. She wasn't paying attention to the truck until they were nearly up to it. Chuck sped up and started to pass, the road deserted except for the two vehicles.
She was a little annoyed, thinking he was going to play some childish game of speeding up or something to show off his car, and determined to ignore him and looked straight ahead.
The noise that the diesel truck made hammered at her. They stayed even with it for a time, then pulled partly ahead and then slowed again, staying even with the big four door pickup truck.
Chuck grinned, he looked over at the truck for a second, the driver was a little ahead of the Chevy's window, but it was a four door pickup truck, huge with a long bed and towing a boat. He saw a young man looking down from the back window, staring, with his mouth open.
With the truck there she noticed the wind inside the car had changed, it seemed more wild, and she finally glanced downward, more by turning her eyes downward than moving her head. Her eyes got huge. She looked at Chuck, he had that sly grin on his face.
She turned in shock toward the truck. Her arms seemed paralyzed. There was a face staring down at her from just a few feet away. Another face seemed craned over from behind the face, she had the impression of someone who had crawled back from the front passenger seat.
She saw awe and lust and wonder all at the same time in that young face. Wait, did she know that face? Wasn't that a Knutson? Weren't both of them Knutsons? Her brain was whirling putting names to faces, her arms still paralyzed.
The first one in the window, that was Randy Knutson, he graduated last year, the other must be Mark, his older brother, and the driver, that must be Rolf. Oh My God. She looked down, then back up, Randy had an embarrassed look on his face, his hand was half way up, palm out in a little wave.
Their car pulled ahead as Janet, not understanding why, waved back and smiled. As the car picked up more and more speed her next thought was Chuck, he knew! Her groom, her knight in shining armor, he knew that her dress had blown up well past the bottom of her suit, and the top had ballooned outward!
As the red and white '57 Chevy pulled away from them, Randy turned ahead and looked at his brothers while Mark got back into the front of the truck and buckled his seat belt back on.
"That was Mrs. Larson!" he exclaimed to his older brothers.
"I think so," said Mark, "but I wasn't sure," he continued.
"Yeah, I think so too," confirmed Rolf with a grin.
"Who was the dude driving?" asked Randy.
"Her husband, I recognized him, but didn't know he was married to her," said Rolf.
"How do you know him?" asked Mark.
"When I worked at Lime Creek Industries the summer before I graduated from Woodston College," Rolf answered.
"He worked there on the line too?" asked Mark.
"No, he's an engineer, I think he's in charge of the physical plant," was Rolf's explanation.
"Wow, he must be important," was Randy's answer.
"Yup, he's also one of the stockholders, I think his family was one of the original group that started the company up back in the fifties," said Rolf.
"Wow, I thought Mrs L lived on a farm, I heard her say that, I figured her husband was a farmer," Mark interjected.
"It could be that he grew up on one, inherited but didn't want to farm it and leased the farmland out. Like Dad. I heard Dad say one of the neighbors in the next place over when he was a kid, was named Larson, maybe that's this guy's family," Rolf said.
"What's with that custom license plate, 4SP2QUAD, I don't get it." Randy said.
"I think I do. It must mean four speed, dual quad, it's from that old Beach Boys song, about a car with a 409 cubic inch engine," Rolf explained.
"If you say so," Randy countered.
"It was a big deal for a few years back then," Rolf said.
Back in the red and white Chevy Janet was was mortified. She kept asking herself why she waved at the young man, acknowledged that she recognized her. With her dress up to her, her ... why he could see her, her suit, her, there, he might think it was her panties, he thought he was staring at her panties. Her panties that covered her, her ... there.
"You knew, you knew that my dress was, that they could see ... they must have thought they were seeing my panties, you knew!" Karen said.
"And your dress is still way up around your waist honey," Chuck said with a smile.
Just then he braked and turned off onto a gravel road. He had to stop and open a gate, then drive forward, and get out again and close the gate. The big pickup with the Knudson boys inside and boat on a trailer behind rumbled past them, staying on the two lane blacktop.
"Where are we going?" Karen asked, her hands holding her dress down.
"A back road to the lake, this branch of the lake is surrounded by farmland. Since my dad died, it's owned by my sister and me, although it's farmed by someone else now," Chuck said as he moved the car slowly along what had turned into a small track with growing corn on one side and pasture on the other.
Janet felt strange, she should have been furious with Chuck for exposing her to those young men like that. Instead she felt a warm glow. Yes, there was embarrassment there, but a little glow that at thirty-four years old, those young men found her sexy enough to stare at.
Randy was the youngest and couldn't be more than nineteen or twenty. He seemed so innocent and pleasant in her class. So eager to learn, how could he gawk at her like that. And then wave. Why did she wave back. And smile at him! He must think she planned it.
By the time Chuck bumped his way through and around and finally parked the car under some old cottonwoods, she was smiling again.
"I forgive you, but you should have told me what they were looking at before hand," she told her husband as he stepped out of the car.
"Honey, if I told you that your dress was caught up around your waist, you would have pulled it down, where would be the fun in that?" he answered with a grin.
"Shame on you, it makes me wonder if you would have let them see me naked," she laughed as she got out.
Chuck paused, he had that mischievous smile that she associated with him thinking of something outrageous. She shook her head, smiling, then suddenly her eyes opened wide. Surely he wouldn't, he couldn't!
They met at the back of the car. Chuck held Janet and kissed her hard. She plastered herself against him, for some reason she was ready for anything he wanted. She briefly had a vision of them in the backseat of the car. She stifled it and broke the kiss. Not here, not outside. But what if ...?
Together they took the things, a small ice chest, a couple of blankets and towels and a bag with insect repellant and other odds and ends. Sure enough, less than a quarter mile from the car, along a path that was probably a game trail, they came around some cedar trees and saw a small cove.
Janet was turned on, she couldn't understand it, they were alone, but others might come along. She tried to stop thinking about what she thought her husband wanted to do, out here, in the open. The more she thought about it, the more exciting it seemed. And the more wrong it seemed.
There was a narrow beach and some large boulders sticking up out of the sand. A few cottonwoods shaded part of it. Chuck led on past that cove up a low hill separating the cove from the next.
As they walked, Chuck tried some small talk, to take his wife's thoughts off her embarrassment.
"What was that book your were reading last night?" he asked.
"It's called, 'A Dinner of Onions' by Nora Harmony Wallace," she said.
"What's it about?"
"Just some stories, mostly about a guy selling propane and propane accessories. And about his family and friends. I guess I missed the point of it," she said.
Chuck led her on the overgrown path, and they dropped into a hollow with a few grasses straggling in the sandy soil, then up what was really a sand dune with a few small trees at the top.
Down the other side was the beach, it was flanked on either side by hills, and in front was a small extension of the lake, about twenty yards wide, with a low island, hosting a few more trees, beyond that stretched the lake.
"Where does that path lead?" Janet asked, pointing to a trail leading through scrub and up to the hill to the right.
"There's a shady little place up there, you can see most of this end of the lake from there," Chuck said.
"We should go there, I'd like to see!" she said
Chuck put his load down, as did Janet. He walked over to her holding a canteen and a pair of binoculars.
"Are you up for another short walk," he asked.
"Why have you never brought me here before?" she asked as they headed up to the bluff.
"I don't know, I nearly forgot about this place, we used to come as kids, dad would bring us," was his answer.
"It doesn't look like anyone's been here for a long time," Janet observed.
"When the Anderson's started farming dad's land, their kids would come here a lot, but they're all gone, all moved away when Mr. Anderson retired. Mr Johnson farms it now, they don't have any children" he said as he looked around.
Chuck followed Janet as she headed uphill, admiring the sway of her hips and the length of her legs. At the top there was a secluded spot under a twisted tree. The sparse grass in front of them was a foot or so high, and the hill dropped suddenly. In front of them was the lake. They sat on a log and admired the view.
She realized that in this shadow, it was unlikely that anyone could see them. It was a larger area than she has suspected from below. Much of it was shaded by the sparse tree. Chuck opened the canteen and swallowed some water. Janet looked over the lake with the binoculars.
There was a large pontoon boat a few hundred yards in front of them, slowly making it's way across this end of the lake. She scanned over to where it seemed to be heading and saw what could be the headland protecting a small bay.
She looked more closely at the boat. There seemed to be a young man and a woman. He was wearing a pair of swim trunks. She had on a bikini, the kind that Chuck would like her to wear.
She tried to imagine herself wearing something like that were anyone could look at her. It seemed scary and exciting at the same time. There was something about this day, this place, the way Chuck was acting, the way she was thinking, there must be something in the air.
She looked back at the pontoon boat with her binocs. The faces were some distance, but clear and she recognized both of them. Imogene Stulken and Bill Barlow. Both former students of hers. She remembered them both as awkward teens at a school dance she chaperoned. Janet sighed, as a teacher she knew most of the people in little Woodston, either as former students or from the PTA.
Janet scanned the lake with the binoculars, she almost felt like a peeping tom, and beside her she could tell that Chuck had gone down and gotten all the stuff they had brought with them. He was pulling off his cargo shorts and shirt, leaving him in his swim suit.
"take off your dress, only women in bathing suits, or less, can come up here," he said with a grin.
Janet got a chill up her back, but nevertheless she unzipped the simple dress and dropped it off. She left it in there near the edge of their lookout up there on the hill. Chuck admired the view of her cleavage as she turned toward him.
"What did you mean, 'or less'," she asked, looking at him with a smile.
Chuck saw her grin and knew he wasn't in trouble. He decided to push it further.
"Well, if you wanted to take your suit off, or just pull the top down, you would still qualify for the cool kid's hideout up here," he said.
"Oh really, this is the cool kid's place?" she asked.
"Oh yeah, only the coolest of the cool," he said.
She knew he was joking, it was a common theme with them, the idea that they were 'cool kids'. The truth was, that in high-school anyway, neither of them were part of the 'in crowd'. It was in college that they both filled out and came into their own.
"I think I'll keep in on for now honey," she said with a smile.
"Killjoy," Chuck answered with his own smile.
"It's nice up here, there's a breeze and we can see nearly the whole lake," Janet said quietly.
"There's room up here to lay out the blankets and beach towels. Help do it and we can relax. It'll be nicer here with the breeze than down there," he said.
In a few minutes they were setting things out and Janet lay down on her beach towel, enjoying the dappled shade from the sparsely leafed tree that shadowed them. She watched the edge of the shadow move closer to her as the sun slid along the sky.
"I wonder what you'd think if I really did strip down up here? There might be someone watching with binoculars right now," she said lazily, her hand drawing circles on her tummy.
"There's that tall grass at the top of the slope, and that bush, they might not be able to tell for sure, or know who it is," he answered.
Chuck lay down next to her, at an angle, his head resting high up on her thigh. He felt lazy and excited at the same time, and didn't want to rush her. He wondered what it would be like to have her naked in public.
The idea of seeing her naked, or topless, or even in revealing clothes in public had been with him more and more lately. He couldn't seem to stop thinking about it. This deserted area might be a good place to start, to get her used to the idea, and to see how he himself would react.
And then there was the pontoon boat. It had pulled in to a nearby cove. If the people there decided to explore on foot, or even decided to up anchor and head this way, well a naked Janet would be hard to miss up here, from close range anyway.
"Would you really like other people, other men, to see me naked? Isn't that a little twisted?" she asked.
Janet's hand had moved up from gently circling around her tummy, to actually teasing her breasts, she could feel her finger lazily circling around first one nipple, then the next, the sensation was dulled by the swimsuit, but it was feeling good.
"I'm not sure, part of me would be really excited, part of me wold be scared," Chuck said.
His eyes were closed, he imagined Janet walking topless around the grocery store, a skimpy pair of panties and some high heeled shoes the only thing on as she pushed the cart along, picking things off the shelves.
"Are you getting turned on right now? What are you thinking of?" she asked.
Her eyes were closed as well, she imagined driving in the convertible through the tiny downtown area, just wearing the bikini bottoms that she had never worn, an arm leaning over the sill and not caring who was looking.
"I think so, getting turned on a little," Chuck said.
"What if someone wants to do more than look?" she said, not sounding worried.
Inside she was feeling strange. This wasn't the kind of conversation she should be having, not at all. And she should be angry, telling him to forget it, demanding they go home and punish him with the silent treatment that her mother would use when she was upset with Janet's father.
"I don't think they would. Out here, or someplace like that, no one is close enough. And I'm here," he said.
Janet told herself to get up, to pull her dress on and wait in the car for her insane husband. But she imagined a devil and an angel on her shoulders, just like in old cartoons, one telling her it was no harm and Chuck wanted this. The other saying it was wrong and to ignore her feelings. And she felt good, sexy, her moving fingers wanted to touch herself, down 'there'. She shuddered in excitement.
"Are you OK?" asked Chuck, feeling the twitch in legs as she shuddered.
"I'm fine, really fine," mumbled Janet, and sighed.
Chuck grinned, and got up.
"What are you doing honey," said Janet lazily.
"Just rearranging things," he said.
Chuck moved, so that his head near her feet. She looked at him, past her breasts, he tummy, down her naked thighs and over to his face. He turned his head and kissed her little toe.
"Honey, would you do me a favor?" Chuck asked.
"Anything you want," Janet said after a second or three.
"Pull off your swim suit, pull off my trunks, and sit on me," Chuck said.
"Oh really, just get on you and have sex, out here, just like that," she said, a chill running up her back, she felt excitement, desire, surge through her.
"Yup."
Janet didn't know how it happened, but suddenly she was on her feet, she looked at her husband, then stared out at the fishing boats across the lake as she pulled the straps of her suit down, then pulled it down to reveal her breasts, then slowly peeling it down to her hips, wiggling a bit to get it past them.
She turned around and thrust her bottom at Chuck as she slowly peeled the suit off, giving him a show. Then turned again so she could slide it down her legs, lifting each leg high to step out of the suit. She stood up, shoulders back, the top of her head brushing the lowest branch of the small tree shading them.
Chuck reveled in the way her breasts moved and the memory of her bottom jiggling would stay with him forever.
"You are beautiful, and sexy, your nipples are huge," Chuck said.
"Mmmmm, they like you," she said as she rolled them in her fingers.
"I left the bag down there, it's got the sunscreen and other stuff in it," Chuck told her.
Janet was stock still for just a moment, then with an, 'I'll show him' attitude, she turned and walked down the dune, in plain sight, naked, and bent over to look in the bag.
Chuck looked at her, her naked bottom pointed at the lake, her feet spread apart, revealing everything to anyone who could see. She seemed to be ever so slowly sorting through the bag's contents, her bottom rolled every time she shifted her weight, and she seemed to be doing that a lot.
She finally stood up and faced the lake. Then squirted some sun screen on her hand and slowly started spreading it over herself. Chuck watched as she carefully cupped and slid her hands over her breasts, circling them and smearing her nipples last, pulling them out and letting go.
She slathered the rest of herself as well, reaching behind her to get her back, her breasts bouncing as she contorted herself. She took care to make sure her mound and all exposed parts of her pussy were well covered, spreading her legs and bending over, allowing her breasts to hang down and sway.
Next were her inner thighs, spreading her legs again, she squatted down, opening herself further as she covered herself in the sunscreen. Once again she ran her fingers over her pussy, even sliding them below it. She looked up and smiled as she obviously enjoyed touching herself there.
When she got to her bottom, she turned again, facing that out to the lake, covering it completely, the slapping herself, making the cheeks bounce. She pulled them apart as she bent down, smearing the lotion between her bottom cheeks, and below.
Finally she was done. She came running up the slope. He couldn't take his eyes off her bouncing breasts as she jogged up the slope. She arriving out of breath panting, shaking.
"Oh god oh god, do you think anyone saw!" she said.
"Maybe, maybe. Anyone who looked this way would know you were down there and naked, there are some guys out there in boats fishing. Maybe they have binoculars to get closeups of you," he said grinning from ear to ear.
"I don't know what made me make such a spectacle of myself, I was trembling, afraid, I did it for you, and maybe for myself too, it was fun, once I got started," she said panting.
"Did you get excited, are you turned on?" he asked.
"You tell me," she said, spreading her legs and sinking down onto him, pushing him back with her pussy in his face.
She heard him groan. When she had him resting on the blanket, she leaned forward, grasped the old log that they had been sitting on, and ground herself onto him. She knew sometimes he couldn't breathe when she moved like that, but right now she didn't care.
"How do you like that, can you tell how hot you made me? Oh, you can't talk can you, oh, so sorry, but if you want to breathe you better start licking," she gasped out, almost at orgasm already.
She stared out over the lake, letting him satisfy her. It had been several years after they married before she let him go down on her. At first only when she was on her back, but lately she had, at his urging, tried crouching over him, sitting on his face. She loved it like this.
He had improved his skills as well. She wished she had explored more before she met him, then she would have been enjoying things like this much sooner.
She tensed, the pontoon boat with her former students had pulled out of the nearby bay and seemed to be heading this way. She thought she saw Imogene on the top deck, topless.
Chuck felt her tense, his finger slid gently along her taint to her bottom, she grunted and began to come. It was wordless, some grunting, subdued, as if she was trying to be quiet, he wondered if she saw someone approaching. Her hips kept thrusting against his face.
He kept his tongue busy, exploring, pushing it into her, sucking on her clit, then flicking it with his tongue. he breathed when he could, and enjoyed the smell of her in his nostrils.
Janet gasped and pushed back, slid down his body until his erection was resting between her bottom cheeks. Her sweating naked body lay on top of him, pressing down.
"Shhhh, the pontoon boat is coming this way," she hissed.
"Then sit up, they won't get close if they see someone here," Chuck instructed.
"No please, lets just get dressed," she said.
Chuck could see she was distressed, but he also knew she had just come as she saw someone headed this way. He lifted her bottom, his hands under her, and let her slide down over his cock.
"Oooohhhhh," she said.
"That's better honey, now sit up, sit up so they can see your head above the grass and brush," he commanded.
"Oh god no, please no, they'll see a lot more than my head," she gasped.
"Yes," he said as he pushed her breasts upward, straightening, her up.
The boat looked to be less than a hundred yards away, heading for the bay, their bay, or maybe to the other side of the low island. She felt exposed, her chest and above seemed to be sticking up. Worse the sun had moved, and she was no longer in shadow.
Chuck started moving, thrusting slowly into her, then relaxing down, he felt her moving in opposition to him. Down when he went up, up when he went down.
"Ohhh, Chuck, I can't help it, I'm so, so, so, this is wrong, please, please," she said, not knowing what she was asking for.
She saw the topless young woman look her way, saw her reaction.. An arm rose, waved, and the boat began a slow clumsy turn. Janet saw right away that the boat would get even closer and instead of coming into their bay, it would cross right in front of them, only twenty or thirty yards away.
As Chuck pumped in and out of her, she gave up and quit worrying. She was getting more and more excited, he always felt so good in her, she ground back at him in earnest, one hand slowly stroking herself, the other on a nipple.
The boat was at it's closest and she could see behind the small cockpit on top of the boat. She saw that Imogene was also naked and that Bill was sitting on the deck in front of her, nuzzling into her pussy as he sat with his back to the column the steering wheel was mounted on. Imogene looked back at Janet and waved again.
To her total surprise Janet waved back, she could feel her own breasts move as she held her arm up and waved. Just then she came. Her face turned skyward and her whole body went rigid, as the waves or orgasm pulsed through her yet again.
Chuck wasn't finished and continued to thrust in and out of her, she enjoyed the sensation as after shocks hit her again several times. When she looked out she saw the pontoon boat had passed, but was turning into the first cove that they had walked past.
Janet watched as it slid out of sight into the cove behind them, out of sight, but very close, as the crow flies.
Chuck thrust high and strained as he pumped his seed into her. It seemed to go on for a long time and she savored every second. Eventually it was over and she felt him shrink inside of her and eventually slide out.
"Oh babe, that was intense, you came really fast, was there someone looking at you?" Bill asked.
"Yes, the pontoon boat came past us, It was Imogene Stulken and Bill Barlow. The seem to have anchored in the little cove we walked past," Janet said.
"Huh, that's just over there, if we shouted they could hear, heck if we talked loud enough they could hear us," he said.
"I can't walk past them now, we'll have to stay until they leave," Janet said.
"Don't worry dear, we just got here, relax and lay down, lets nap then have something to eat later," Chuck said.
"OK, I'm kind of drowsy, I'll get dressed,"
"No, just lay down as you are, I'll put more sunscreen on, besides, it looks like you got sand in your suit," Chuck said.
Ten minutes later she laying comfortably as Chuck made settled in beside her. They had moved and were once again in the shade.
"You really made sure I wasn't getting my naughty bits sunburned honey," she said lazily.
"Mmmmm, yes I did," was his answer.
Chuck fell asleep quickly, it took Janet longer, she was imagining someone, perhaps a former student, walking up and seeing her naked. She started to get a little excited again, then fell asleep. Naked.
It was grey and cloudy as Janet walked alone to the car, Chuck was gone and she hadn't been able to find her clothing. She was completely naked. A whole line of people were standing on both sides of the footpath, mostly just staring at her.
Every once in a while someone would touch her, caress her bottom, on pat her shoulder, sometimes cup her breasts or pull a nipple. She was worried, but also getting turned on, she worried someone would notice how excited she was.
"Honey, wake up, babe, wake up," Chuck said, gently rocking her foot.
"Oh! Oh!, I had a terrible dream, I was naked, they were touching me," Janet said.
"You must have enjoyed it, you were moaning in your sleep, you had a smile on her lips," Chuck said.
"No, we need to go, I have to get home,"
"What's the matter honey?" he asked.
"I can't let anyone see me, especially now, after you sweet talked me into trimming and shaving, there's nothing but a little strip now, they'd think, they'd think ..." she stared at him wide eyed. He wondered if she had totally awakened, or if this was still part of a waking dream.
"It's OK, it's OK, I won't let anyone hurt you," Chuck said gently, kneeling next to her and putting his arms around her. She relaxed and melted into him.
"I'm being silly, aren't I?" she said.
"No, you just had a hard time throwing off the dream, it sounded like a doozy, and you looked turned on," Chuck said.
"Oh, I was, am, it was strange, I was afraid and embarrassed, and so very aroused," she said.
"It's gotten pretty late, why don't we have have a bite to eat and then head home," Chuck suggested.
"Oh, you set it all out, I never heard, I must have really been out of it," Janet said.
"Here, have this hard boiled egg," he said as he handed one of her favorite snacks to her with a salt shaker.
"When did you put your trunks back on," she said when she had finished the egg.
"You were sleeping, I didn't want to disturb you."
"Where's my things?" she asked.
"I packed them up, here's a sandwich honey, eat up, and some iced tea," he said.
"And cherry tomatoes, I love those, I didn't see you put them in at home," Janet said as she popped one into her mouth after putting her half eaten hard boiled egg on her paper plate.
"They look good, I think I'll have one, but only with my special sauce on it," Chuck leered.
"What do you mean ... Oh! No, that's ..." she said.
"No really, just let me slid one in," he said.
"Oh honey, that feels strange, another? That's too many, how will you get them out of me," she gasped as Chuck slowly, sensuously pushed several of the small tomatoes into her vagina, one after the other.
"Here, let me lay down, now squat over me, like you were going to sit on my face, just push," Chuck mumbled as she did just that.
"I wish I had a camera right now," he continued as he stared up at her from between her spread legs.
"Uhhh," she said as she lowered herself a little more, pushing.
"Mmmmmm, he said, as he probed and pulled with his tongue, first one, then another, then the last tomato slid out of her, into his mouth.
"That's so wrong, so, wrong, so exciting," she gasped as he gave one more lick and slid out from under her. She sat down cross legged, right there.
"Mmmmm we'll have to try that again," he said when he finished chewing and swallowing.
"I love you, and I am realizing that you have a very twisted mind," she said.
XXXXXXXX
"Huh, it's weird," she said as they packed up their things after the meal.
"What's that?"
"Here I am, stark naked, and I don't feel worried in the least, when did I stop worrying?"
"I dunno, eating I guess, well that's everything, here's your sandals and scarf, lets head back," Chuck said.
They were back down the hill, Janet dressed in a scarf, dark glasses, and flip flops when she suddenly stopped.
"I can't go like this, let me get dressed," she said.
"Aw, come on, your stuff's at the bottom of the bag, wait till we get to the car," Chuck said then turned and started down the path.
He didn't look back until they were almost at the little hill that separated them from the other cove. He looked back and she was following along, as if she didn't have a care in the world. The scarf was now around her waist, but her breasts were free to sway and bounce as she walked toward him.
"You are beautiful," he said as she caught up to him.
"I feel really sexy, nervous but sexy" she said.
"I think you're sexier with that scarf there than if you were naked," he said.
"I know." she said. "But I tied it behind me, it only covers my front, not my bottom," she continued.
"You have a beautiful bottom," Chuck told her and gave her a little pat there.
They climbed over the little hill, following the overgrown little trail, and could see the small cove. The pontoon boat was still there, anchored close to the shore. The two young people were basking on the small beach, on large beach towels. They were only a few yards from them.
The boy, Bill, was wearing swimming trunks, but Imogene was naked, her body slick with sun screen and sweat. She turned and looked up at them, got up and jogged over. Chuck was entranced by her small breasts bobbing as she came up to them.
"Hi, I'm Imogene Stulken, I don't know if you remember me Ms. Larson, I graduated from Woodson High a few years ago," she said, sticking out her hand.
"Yes, I do Imogene, I heard you went down to the University at Ames," Janet said shaking her hand.
"This is my husband, Chuck," Janet continued.
"Pleased to meet you Imogene," Chuck said.
"I'd introduce Jon to you to Bill, but he's fast asleep, he was working second shift at Lime Creek," Imogene said.
"I thought he looked familiar, He was full time for a year, then went to college, now he's a summer hire. It's tough there in the summer, we have a lot of the old timers who take vacation, and those that don't are mostly on days during the summer, the summer people get stuck on nights a lot," Chuck said.
"I know, but they made him a lead person because of his experience," Imogene said.
"Yup, we had some problems with the air conditioning earlier this week, I got called in late one night, he was there then helping my crew," Chuck answered.
"Bill said orders pick up then, just when the experienced people take off on vacation," Imogene said.
Imogene stood with her feet apart and one hand on a hip, the other hanging naturally at her side, she stood, completely open and comfortable in her nudity. Her nipples were erect and a slight blush covered her upper chest, barely visible though her light tan.
Chuck enjoyed the contrast with his wife. Imogene's slender body and younger breasts contrasted with Janet's, who while not voluptuous, was more mature, with just a little more padding and slightly larger breasts.
"I know, it's a weird situation, 'the creek' has a really generous benefits package, and people earn a lot of vacation time. That's why the new nipples, up models, models I mean, they'll come out uh, yeah come out, in the winter and spring when we have more of the permanent people there," Chuck knew he was babbling and was red in the face for his gaff.
"I think it's time to take Mr. 'Nipples' here home for the day," said Janet with a laugh.
Imogene was laughing too, "It's OK, and I have to admit he was really succeeding in looking me in the eyes, well most of the time," she said with a grin.
"I hope you don't mind his roaming eyes," Janet said.
"I'm actually enjoying it, and it looks like you do too," Imogene said.
"I'm new at this, going around in my birthday suit," Janet said.
"Well this is only the second time we've been out on a beach, usually we just fool around on the boat, under cover. Seeing you on the bluff up there sort of encouraged us to take the next step," Imogene explained.
"Was it that obvious?" Janet said, worried.
"We were pretty close, closer than anyone, but it could be that one of those fishermen out there in the lake had binoculars," Imogene said.
"Oh dear," said Janet.
"Nothing to worry about, I mean, being seen is half the fun, isn't it."
"I suppose, but it is a bit scary, or was at first. Well, we have to be going, it was nice seeing you again," Janet said as she turned to follow her embarrassed husband.
"And you too, Ms. L, all of you," Imogene said with a laugh as she headed back to her towel, but stopped and enjoyed the view of Janet's bottom as she walked away.
When they got to the car, Chuck pulled Janet's dress and swimsuit out of the bag and handed it to her with an embarrassed look on his face.
"I'm sorry honey, I thought they'd be either gone on on their boat," he said quietly.
"It's OK, I actually enjoyed myself. And you did very well, better than I expected. Not a bit of drool," she said as she took the scarf from her hips and pulled the dress on, only zipping it up to her belly button.
"No suit?" asked Chuck.
"No, I think I like it this way. More fun. I wish that young man had been awake so he could come over and talk to us. Now that would have been interesting, I wonder how well you would react," Janet said with a grin as she got into the car while Chuck put their things into the trunk. He came back with a T-shirt on.
When they were back on the paved road, the wind blowing her dress everywhere, Janet lowered the zipper until it was just level with her landing strip.
"The wind is really blowing that open and up, are you OK? Chuck asked, grinning.
Janet grinned.
"I hope we meet some young men as we drive home, be sure to slow down so they get a good look," she said.