With less than two hours to spare Lonnie Turner had gotten home after a quick liquor store run to get a couple cases of beer. Saving the Corona bottles for himself he chilled the Buds in his freezer. Every couple weeks he and his buddies from his school days got together and watched some type of sport. Tonight was a late baseball game. It gave them all reasons to not be home alone or with a nagging spouse.
Checking on Paige in her bedroom he found her sitting on her bed painting her fingernails. She looked up at her Father standing at her door.
"Everything okay Daddy?"
"Don't paint the toenails. Wait and paint those in front of the guys. They can look up your shirt when you lift your legs."
"Am I wearing a thong?"
He thinks it over, "Not this time." He eyes her tank top laying next to her on the bed. Wincing at it he points at it out. "I have a tank that might be looser than that one." He races away sifting through his dresser and returning with a maroon tank top that would expose her entire sides down to her waist. Fanning her wet nails she stands up and lifts her arms.
"Help me try it on. Watch the nails."
It was easy enough to slip on her. Dropping to three inches above her knees it hid her hips. Not much else. Without a bra there would be no hiding her stunning tits. Standing in a mirror connected to her dresser she eyes the skin ratio. Looking at Lonnie she shrugs. "Definitely doesn't hide as much as my tank."
"Right." He stood indecisive. It shouldn't be this difficult. Motioning her back to her bed he sits her down, "Lift a foot on the bed and let's see what they'll be seeing." She complies as her shirt hem easily exposes her freshly shaved pussy. Again nothing to hide. Rubbing his chin he too shrugs, "Wear it."
"Ribbons in my hair?"
"Not this time."
"There's going to be more times?"
""You sure didn't ask Donnie those questions in your diary. You just obeyed him."
"I like being told what to do. He was really good at it." She giggles.
"So am I."
"I always listened to you too. Did I ever defy you Daddy?"
He thinks about it a second. He couldn't recall her ever being unruly enough to be punished. She always did what he told her. Puckering with an affirmative nod he replies. "Now that you mention it no. Good girl."
She smirks with pride. "Daddy?"
"Yeah?" He lifts his chin from eying her legs.
"Why did you buy all that bondage stuff?"
"You really need to ask me that?" He chuckles.
"Did you like the bondage stuff Donnie made me do in my diary?"
Nodding repeatedly with a one sided smile he confirms it. "Question is, did you like it as much as you wrote about it?"
"I fantasized a lot about being tied up."
"Where did you learn about all that? You said you hadn't even seen a porno."
"Do I have to tell you?"
"Well yeah."
'Last summer when I stayed with Mom for two weeks I found her boyfriends tablet. He had pictures of Mom and him. He tied Mom up and well...you know. She wore a blindfold."
"You have got to be kidding me? Paula was barely interested in sex. Just her fucking vodka."
"She looked really into it. When Mark was around she and he were pretty close. Sorry Daddy."
"And you liked seeing your Mother like that?"
"Nooo!" She shakes her head with a creased brow, "But I imagined myself in her shoes...ropes."
"If you tell me with Mark I'm gonna tan your hide."
"No way. Mark's well...gross."
He leers at her trying to decide if he believed her. She was growing upset.
"Calm down. I believe you considering your description of Donnie in your diary didn't look like Mark."
"He did look like you though." She sticks her tongue out playfully.
"You're gonna live that diary page for..."
"Paige?" She points at herself giggling.
"Precisely. I'm going to go further than your diaryever said though."
Her eyes bulge. "How?" She couldn't blink.
"Wait and see. The guys should be here in thirty minutes. Put on some perfume they can't resist."
"You want them to attack me don't you?"
"I'll be right there to keep them under control."
"Promise?"
"To keep them at bay? No. To keep them from hurting you? Yes."
"Okay. I'm shaking Daddy."
"Afraid?"
"A little. Mostly I wanna make you happy."
"Afraid you won't?"
"I'll try not to."
"Gonna go turn on the hot tub and get it primed. I sent a text telling the guys to bring trunks. Gonna light some Tiki torches too for ambiance."
"Eighteen torches like eighteen birthday candles?" She wiggles on her mattress.
"Damn! Wish I'd thought of that."
"Maybe Gerry next door has some. I've seen him use them at cookouts."
"Good idea. Damn I hope I have enough time to set up."
"You could always invite Gerry to watch the game for helping set up?"
"Five guys in a hot tub. Looks bad doesn't it?"
"Not when a sexy redhead hops in innocently."
"Christ. Stop before I have to make you suck me off before they get here."
"Daddy can't resist me. Daddy can't resist me." She repeats jokingly. Finally he leaves her alone. She plans out her bikini choice as the yellow G-string bikini. Paige Turner was giddy.
Hitting up his next door neighbor Gerry he rounded up fifteen torches between the two households. Gerry was older in his 50's but he loved baseball. Agreeing to join them Lonnie invited him on over before the others arrived. Testing the waters he told Paige to break out the munchies. As Gerry sat on the sofa nurturing a beer Paige slipped past him into the kitchen but still acknowledged her presence.
"Hi Mister Benson."
Leering back the portly man calls out, "Hey there Hotstuff. Haven't seen you in awhile."
"Sorry school and all. Only a month and a half until I graduate. You might see me more here very soon." She winked at Lonnie who took to a loveseat off to the left of the sofa. He tried not to react.
"Thanks again for the torches Gerry. My backyard lighting is piss poor."
"Need to invest in some of those sensor lamps."
"Might just look into that." Lonnie and he chat more until Paige slips in with a bowl of chips and dip in one hand. Her other hand holding a cheese and sausage plate. Gerry looks up at her wearing the loose tank and offers a stunned expression. He quickly looked at Lonnie. As Paige moves back to the kitchen out of sight Gerry winces.
"That can't be Paige. Since when does she dress...since when do you let her dress...like that?"
"She's a grown woman Gerry. I can't baby her forever."
"Yeah but..that was an awful lot of skin showing. Not that I was...staring or nothing."
"Relax old man. This is her birthday. Try not to embarrass her."
"How can she not be embarrassed?"
"True. You know she hasn't turned beet red much of late. Maybe she really is growing up."
"Out too." Gerry exaggerates with his hands as if cupping her breasts.
Lonnie chuckles, "Couple cup sizes in the last year."
"I think she forgot the cups."
"I gave up cramping her style at 11:59 last night. She approached me about change and I realized I can't keep her young forever. Much as I try."
Flipping channels to the station promoting the game he mutes it until the guys got there. Paige returns with a tray of nuked hot wings. She licks her lips after sampling one.
"Spicy."
"Just like you Hot--stuff." Gerry catches himself, "Sorry Lonnie."
"Don't sweat it. She's sweating enough for the both of you."
"Whew! I'm the one sweating in places I didn't know existed. That wing was Vesuvius." She fans her tank offering Gerry a clear view to see her nipples. She then darts to the kitchen whimpering a chant of, "Need water."
"Plenty in the hot tub." Lonnie jests.
"This is going to be a long night." Gerry confirms.
Lonnie nodded, "Might be extra innings."
Seeing car lights out front through the window next to him Lonnie peeks out the blinds. Inspiration prompts him to reach over and raise the blinds on the picture window entirely. A clear view to anyone walking up the street or driving by. Hearing two voices he knew it was his close friends Andy and Mike. As they approach the front door a motorcycle roars up and a third man hurries to join the other two.
"Wanna let the guys in Sweetheart?"
"Sure Daddy." She parades through while still fanning her mouth. Reaching the door she opens it to the three men. Mike was black, tall, and lean. Bald with a goatee. He could almost pass for the actor Michael B. Jordan. Greg the cyclist was white with dark hair and a bushy beard. Not thin not fat. Finally Andy was cleanshaven and a slightly pudgy Caucasian man with brown curly hair. "Hey Uncles Greg, Mike, and Andy." She shakes her shoulders awaiting hugs. All three of them froze like deer in headlights.
"We at the right house?" Mike looks around him with a strange expression.
"Hug me." She bounces on her toes with gravitating arms as Mike steps in first. Planting one arm around her waist to rub her spine, his other holding more beer. Her tits mashed against his chest making him close his eyes and silently whistle. Releasing her he enters looking at Lonnie on the loveseat with bulging eyes. He pointed at Paige now hugging Andy who wanted to faint at her embrace. Flushed they walk in without expression.
Lonnie merely sways his arms out with a "What can I say?" attitude. Lastly, Greg enters looking down at Paige's excitably bobbing chest. She smiles and reaches up to pull his lengthy beard.
"Hugs me." She insisted with her natural baby like tone.
He sits his helmet aside on a stand and literally lifts her up off the ground in a bear hug. Her chest mounded up on his chest as his beard tickled her cleavage. She yelps and hugs the back of his head forcing his face into her bosom. Shocked Greg resists the temptation to motorboat them. Stomping inside still holding her he kicks the door shut before carrying her inside the living room.
"This can't be the birthday girl." Greg huffs, "You hire a stripper Lon?" He continued holding her up high as he swayed.
She giggles and tugs his scalp back to look up at her. "I only accept hundred dollar bills."
Everyone of them was blown away by her attitude. Not to mention her bare butt cheeks exposing while suspended in the air. Greg winks at her, "I better go hit the ATM then."
Lowering her to the floor her tank curls up on her ass leaving them exposed. Turning her back to Greg he notes what he had missed while holding her up. Eyes glued he rubs his beard before looking up astonished. With flaring eyes he glares at Lonnie. "I need a beer."
"I'll go get you one." Paige hops away like a dancing rabbit.
"What is going on Brother?" Greg looks to Lonnie.
"Her birthday. I let her wear the suit."
"Not right." Andy shakes his head with a horrified look while leveling his hand to below his waist as a form of measurement, "I remember her this tall."
Mike puckers patting his chest, "And, this flat."
"Relax you Bums. It's game time." Lonnie turns the volume up. Andy and Mike take their seats beside Gerry on the sofa offering him a hand shake each. Greg remains standing and takes his leather jacket off. As Paige returns with a hand full of beers she passes them out. Each trying hard not to look at her nipple hard on poking at the front of her tank. Greg however took more interest from the side as she stretches over Andy to hand Mike his beer. Stretching meant a good solid side exposure of her full chest. Nipples and all. Greg had to rumble at the reaction his cock was having under his jeans. This girl was like a niece. Her referring to them as uncles only added to their affection for her.
Standing up Paige eyes Greg's jacket. "I can take your coat Uncle Greg."
"Here punk. Might wanna wear it." He drapes it around her shoulders. She dons it but swims in its massive weight. Greg was a big dude at 6'4. She was a meager 5'2. After modeling in it for the guys she sways her arms about. Her hands not even close to reaching the cuffs. Giggling she shuffles away to hang it up.
"Fill us in Bro." Greg glares at Lonnie.
'Like I told Gerry. Eighteen now she's a woman. I made a promise to let her grow up. I'm not gonna get after her for her actions. You guys need to just do like I'm doing and let Paige be herself."
"Two weeks ago she was a nerdy little redhead with every ounce of skin covered." Andy points out. "Hell didn't she wear Hello Kitty shirts a month ago?"
"She possessed?" Mike acts spooked.
"Right! Devil made her do it." Lonnie rolls his eyes as the game announcers introduce the players. That alone distracted Andy, Mike, and Gerry. Returning, Paige stood off to the side of Greg watching the television.
"Since when are you into baseball Nerd?" Greg looked down at her.
"I like watching guys getting to home base." Everyone nearly spit their beer up. Including Lonnie. She looks around at them with a poised brow. "What? Oh, look National Anthem. Everyone is getting up."
Every guy there regardless of their thoughts on her clothing and youth was getting hard. As a singer begins the Anthem she steps out in front of everyone and puts a hand over her heart. The thing was, her hand was under her shirt. Again every guy there turned to Lonnie with curiosity. Lonnie merely shrugs. "Don't block the TV Birthday girl."
"Sorry." She moves across the floor to sit next to her Father. In her hands was her nail polish. As the Anthem finishes the players take the field. All eyes tried to avoid looking as she lifted her left leg up to start painting her toes. Her pussy in perfect view for all of them to bear witness. She ignored them trying to do a good job on her nails. Dicks were getting harder. Men would be men. That little girl had it going on. Even in big rose colored glasses.
Gerry and Andy took interest in the munchies, eyes watching her cute smile between her legs as they chewed their food ever so slowly. Lonnie knew Paige had their imaginations on overdrive. He'd known these guys since high school. All of them were horndogs. Still he also understood their resistance having known Paige since she was a toddler. That was then. This is now. Even Greg was rubbing his beard more often than usual. Mike swigging his beer was mumbling in a hum under his breath. It sounded like Mmmm Mmmm. Of course it was.
Gerry couldn't handle it any further. Getting up on the third try he stands tall. Finishing off his beer he decides to decline watching the game. Bowing out saying he had to get up early. Lonnie stood up and walked him out. Concerned Gerry had a man to man outside in private. Lonnie nodded and patted Gerry on the back letting him head home. Nothing Gerry said convinced Lonnie to tell his kid to go to her room. Even Gerry knew it. It was worth a try.
While Lonnie was outside Paige switched position to paint the toes on her other foot. Shifting sideways in her seat she let her shirt curl up a bit more exposing a deeper stretch of her inner thighs. Her entire pussy and legs leading up to it were in unobstructed view. No shadows whatsoever. She hums sweetly as she paints her big toe. Leaning forward her cleavage was stunning. Greg finally decided to sit where Gerry had abandoned. As he took his seat Paige looked up with a warm smile.
"I love this hot pink color. Do you guys like it?"
With all eyes zeroing in on her pink pussy they nodded. No words exchanged she sticks her tongue out at them. All three stuck their tongue out at her in retaliation. Without conscience suddenly all three tongues wagged at her. She flares her eyes and continues painting her next nail.
Lonnie intentionally remained outside at an angle to watch them through his picture window. He even went so far as to take a piss on the bushes. His dick was really hard. The guys weren't even wondering what was taking Lonnie so long. Nor were they interested in the game.
Paige finished up her last nail then carefully twisted the cap back on to the bottle before stretching behind her to rest it on a stand. In laying back her legs went wider and her shirt pulled tight. Lingering there they could literally witness her labia part and reveal a thin entry point. She blushed knowing they could see her but waited a minute before sitting forward again. She needed cotton between her toes but she let that part go in order to put on her tempting show.
"So, eighteen huh?" Mike broke the silence.
"Yep. Do I look eighteen?"
All of them shake their heads. Andy finally saying, "Sixteen tops."
"Thank God that age is over."
They concurred nodding as one. Greg huffs and stands up. "Let's celebrate. You need a beer."
"Yay! Daddy let me drink four last night. I like Corona."
"Lon have any?" Greg started for the kitchen. Opening the fridge he snatched a cold one up and twisted the cap off. Returning with her beer and his he moves around the coffee table. Instead of handing her the bottle he swoops low and trails the ice cold bottle along her inner thigh. She jumps and yelps laughing.
"That was mean Uncle Greg."
"You look like you need to cool off."
"It is warm in here." She fans her tank again. Mike got a healthy peek this time. Growling under his breath he sits forward and makes a bold move to the loveseat. He plops next to Paige and grabs her right foot lifting it up to his mouth. Blowing on her painted nails made her eyes flare. Her balance kicked her weight backwards and her hands went down on the cushion to support herself.
"Don't need you staining this loveseat." He winks. She nods as her shirt fans wide again showing off her pussy. Looking up at Greg she giggles. "Wanna blow on my other foot?"
She lifts her left foot high and poises it for Greg. Grabbing it he drags her slightly on the loveseat wrinkling the tank under her ass. Andy whose view was blocked scoots over where Mike had been sitting. Between both Mike and Greg her legs were wide open and the shirt slipped down her legs to nestle near her belly button. Greg blowing on her toes sneered at her. She swallowed and offered a doe like expression. Nibbling her lower lip she knew they were interested in more than any loser baseball game. Game on.
"How's it feel to be eighteen?" Andy chose to draw her attention.
"I still feel seventeen. It hasn't even been a day yet."
Greg lowers her foot disappointing Andy. Choosing instead to take her by the hand and drag her from Mike's grasp. Making her walk around the coffee table Greg sits down in the middle of the sofa and yanks her forward over his lap.
"What are you doing Uncle Greg?" She finds herself restrained by a mighty hand on her spine.
"Birthday girls get spankings right?"
"What?" She feels her tank lifted up to the middle of her back. All eyes stared at her sexy creamy white bottom. Raising his palm high Greg swats her right cheek. She yelps giggling. "That hurt."
"Seventeen more."
"Noooo." She wrestles playfully to escape. In doing so the front of her tank slips up exposing her entire lower body. Another fiery swat to her bottom she squeals.
"Sixteen more." Mike chuckles.
Her upper body rests on Andy's lap. Her tits mashed against his leg and her face hovering over his crotch. She keeps her head high to avoid contact as another slap of Greg's large hand strikes home. Her cheek was already red. Wiggling in playful resistance her tank falls forward even more. Her whole backside was visible as the material clung to her shoulders.
"Oh my God." Paige chokes up.
"I lost count. How many was that Mikey?" Greg smirks.
"Sixteen I think."
"Nooo. That was fifteen."
"Nah! Mikey's right. Sixteen.' Another loud impact on her gorgeous bottom. She whimpered and began trembling.
"Must be really warm in here her ass if getting red."
"That or she's blushing like always." Andy teases.
"I'm not blushing." She giggles.
"Must be hot then. Andy help her out of that shirt."
She freezes then attempts a fake escape. As her upper body rises Andy reaches under and drags her shirt up to her chin. Her beautiful breasts in plopped out in full view now. Wrestling it off of her arms was easy enough when she acted as if trying to stop Andy. The shirt flew over on to the loveseat.
"Oh my God! You guys are such meanies."
"Gonna act like a tease you might as well show it all Kid." Greg spanks her three hard times fast making her drop forward on to Andy's crotch. Her face was directly on his hidden erection. She mumbled loudly while muffled in his slacks.
"What did you say Birthday girl?" Andy caresses her long red hair, pulling it aside to see her features crushed into him.
Lifting her face she laughs, "I said I can't breath."
Three more spanks her ass burns. Greg decides then to rub it softly. She sighs and expels a faint moan as her face turns red. She held her breath and shivered at being completely nude in front of them.
"That help ease the fire Squirt?" Greg rolls his other hand up her back until it reaches the base of her skull. He then nudged her face back down into Andy's lap. "You just lay there and let Uncle Greg finish your spanking."
"You're not done?" She pants over Andy's erection. She could feel his cock grow right under her nose and brow.
"Fourteen." Greg chuckles slapping her other ass cheek. Mike feeling sorry begins rubbing her reddest cheek leaving Greg to continue on the other. Mike in his tenderness eyes her cute little button anus. Teasing it with a finger Paige huffs loudly her mouth widening over Andy's crotch. He was in misery knowing that if his dick was out he could right then and there ram it down her throat.
Greg's other hand roams her back in a soothing manner as she accepts another harsh slap. She moans loudly and drools on Andy's pants. Another five slaps Paige trembles erratically. Her pussy was soaked and trickling on to Greg's own pants.
"That was eighteen I think."
She huffs lifting her face to blow strands of fire red hair from her mouth. "More like thirty. I hate you Uncle Greg."
"No you don't." He sneers at her.
He lets her lift up rolling on to her side just as they hear the front door open. Lonnie walks back in and eyes Paige in Greg and Andy's lap. Mike had his hands up innocently. Shaking his head Lonnie points toward the back deck. 'Hot tub. NOW!"
She hurries out of their laps and whimpers at her sizzling butt cheeks. Before racing around Lonnie she lifts up on her toes and kisses him on the cheek. Without a word he knew her thoughts. Off she went, both hands on her flaming ass cheeks.
"Love you too." Lonnie smiles wryly. "I can't leave you three bastards alone with my little girl for five minutes you don't rape her."
Greg leans to his left elbow on the cushion. "Telling us you didn't put her up to that? We know you Brother."
"Of course I did. Fuck the swimming trunks get your happy asses out there in the hot tub with my daughter."
"Anything goes?" Mike looks hesitant.
"We'll see. Just enjoy what I let you fuckers get away with."
Mike and Andy were indecisive. They weren't used to seeing each other naked. Greg on the other hand was the rebel. He slapped his legs and stood tall. Shirt over his head he kicks his boots off then his socks. In pants only he marches out the back door into the ceremony of torches. Paige already in the turbulent water was whining at the heat on her raw bottom. Seeing him she toughens up and lowers into the water letting her tits float on top. He leans over with his arms folded on the ledge of the hot tub and stares at her.
"I remember giving you swimming lessons."
She smiles faintly as he strokes his beard. Maintaining his gaze he uses his index finger to call her to him. Shyly she moves in the water to look up at him. Pointing at his lips she understood. Rising to stand on her knees atop a tub seat she kisses him on the lips. Long and hard they Frenched before he pulls away leaving her with a yearning expression.
Unbuckling his pants and zipping down he pulls them over his boxers. Once kicked off he eases his boxers down over the shock of her life. Uncle Greg as she had always known him had the biggest cock she had ever seen. Although she had only seen a couple outside of her Dad. All in photos or on the porn last night. He was a good eleven inches and his girth the width of a beer can. Her jaw dropped and she retreated to the other side of the large tub. He was very hairy everywhere. Crawling in with her he stood tall before her. She bit her lip hard knowing this might be more than she could cope with. Relaxing Greg merely sits back on the seat she had knelt on and closed his eyes. The jets felt awesome.
Talked in to joining them Lonnie led Andy and Mike outside. All in their underwear. Paige began trembling really hard. As Lonnie drops his underwear he crawls in next to Paige and pulls her into a hug rubbing her back briskly.
"Alright Princess?"
"Yes Daddy." She nods confidently. "I didn't get to wear my bikini."
"Next time."
Mike was next to lose his resistance and stepped over into the water. Her eyes caught a glimpse of his beast as well. He too was enormous compared to her Dad. He settles in to Greg's left. Andy more reluctant shakes off his nerves chanting, "Be brave. Be brave. Be brave."
All of them laughing at his behavior he ditches his briefs and awkwardly climbs in. At least Andy wasn't huge. His cock was smaller in size at six inches. Paige sighed with relief. Sitting next to Lonnie she hugged his hip for security. He placed his arm around her as all three pretend Uncles absorbed the waters effects. Greg finally opening his eyes peered at Paige. Tilting his head to crack his neck he lifts a hand and motions her toward him. Paige looks at his Father for direction, he motions toward Greg with a nod. She goes without blinking her beautiful green eyes and drifts away from Lonnie. Reaching Greg he pulls her against his chest. She could feel his floating python wagging about between her legs as she straddles his lap. Tits crushed against his chest he puckers for another kiss. She shivered as his mighty hands rolled over her back. Throwing her arms around his neck she accepts his invitation and another round of kissing proceeded to stimulate everyone watching. After five minutes of devouring each others tongues his lips move to her neck nuzzling and kissing it as her Father had earlier. She loved the attention. Encouraging Paige to lay back as he held her, her hair touched the water. Her chest pointed straight toward the canopy above. His mouth kissed her tummy then moved upward to suck on her left nipple for everyone to see. Paige peered upside down at Lonnie before rolling her eyes back. She enjoyed Greg's loving lips. Minutes later he pulls her upright and hugs her tightly.
"Love you birthday girl."
"I love you to Uncle Greg." She offers a sincere but timid expression.
He then passed her off to Andy. She endured a similar seduction at Andy's desires. The only difference was Andy took her hand and planted her fingers around his cock. She stroked him under the water as they kissed. She was moaning heavily into his mouth. Unknown to the others her jerking Andy off made him cum under the turbulent water. She knew it by his tensing up. She kept his secret to herself.
Released again she drifts over to Mike who had both arms up on the hot tubs ledge. She crawls into his lap and reaches down with both of her hands to nurture his beast. He smiled vividly at her and whispered, "You just stroke that nice and soft Birthday girl."
"Am I doing it right?" She softly whispered back.
"Not bad." He winked then added, "Damn good."
"Yay! You're really big Uncle Mike."
"Take after my Pop. He was a pornstar. Went by the stage name Miles Long."
She giggles, "That was Eddie Murphy on Saturday Night Live."
"Damn! You know my Pop?"
"Eddie is not your Dad. Nice try Uncle Mike."
He drew her in for a kiss. She had never even given it a thought on race. Paige grew up with diversity. Mike was a really good kisser. He too was tensing up to fire a torpedo. She began breathing heavy with expectation. She went so far as to rub his crown on her lower belly, mere inches from her pussy. She could feel his warm detonation on her tummy. With a sigh he relinquishes her to Lonnie.
"Hi Daddy." She straddles his lap and kisses him just as she had the others. His friends watching with curiosity. Had they been this intimate before now? As their kiss broke he guides her to turn her back to him. Holding her close he kisses her shoulders and neck while squeezing her tits. She loved Daddy's romance. Eyes exploring the reaction of the others she saw the desire in their gaze. It turned her on like never before as she rubs her clit beneath the water. Daddy helped sensing her stimulation by reaching a hand down and inserting two fingers up inside her. Her face exploded with emotion. Jaw wide, eyes reeling back, chest heaving. Daddy made her orgasm under the water in a mere three minutes. Body quaking Lonnie makes the tough decisions. Whispering into her ear she offers a glint of fear before replying, "Okay Daddy."
Struggling a bit she moves back to Mike and fondles his cock again. He was still rock hard. Straddling his lap she guides his crown up to her entry point. With a bit of encouragement she eases on to his dick and slides down on it. Her reaction to her very first real cock inside her was priceless. Mike himself went expressionless and stared at her licking his lips. She went up an down five times before kissing Mike on the cheek and lifting away. He shook his head knowing he wanted more.
Wading to Andy she did the same thing. Five thrusts of her own physical ride she kisses Andy on the cheek telling him she loved him. He tried to speak but couldn't. She knew he loved her too.
Finally, she looks to Greg who was squinting at her arrival. She shivered knowing how huge his cock was. As she started to straddle him he stood up and moved her to face the side of the hot tub. Nudging her forward he guided his hands under the water to line up his monstrosity. Easing up inside her she gasps loudly.
"It hurts Uncle Greg."
"Take it. It gets better." He comforts her with a soft set of palms moving up her back.
Nodding she grits her teeth as her labia surrounds his girth tightly. At six inches embedded he stops and lingers. His large hands caressing her long red tress using his palms to wring out her hair.
"Getting better Birthday girl?"
"No!" She huffs whimpering. He retreats an inch then enters two. She cries a bit. Exiting two he slowly plunges three. She had nine inches inside her next to virgin pussy. A hand lowering to her ass he teases her anal cavity looking back at Lonnie for approval. Lonnie nods but motions to go slow. He introduces finger in her ass making her weep harder.
As she lay her head in her arms she feels his dick ease back and forth a bit more. He was going beyond her Daddy's recommendation of five thrusts. These were not of her own volition. Greg was fucking her. In and out she moans louder each time. His finger joining in sinking deep and retreating time and again. Paige Turner was getting experience.
Hearing her sobs Lonnie rises and moves in to his daughters side. Looking up at him with tears in her eyes she sighs. Lonnie caresses her cheek with his knuckle.
"Had enough Princess?" He looked sad.
She senses his disappointment and shakes her head, "No Daddy."
Taken back by her spunk he feels her hand reach down and grab her Father's cock stroking it. Puckering at her energy he nods to Greg to proceed. A bit faster he fucks her pussy. Each inch storming her G-spot hard. Moans escalate. Strength and courage growing she pulls her Dad closer until Greg eases her back by gripping her hair. Lonnie slips in front of her and watches as she devours his cock. All three holes had something in them. She sucked on him aggressively as Greg pounded her pussy and fingered her ass. Paige exploded on Greg's cock. Lonnie just as rapidly tensed up and shot a load into her throat. She gagged as she retreated. The second she could catch her breath she cried out, "FUCK ME UNCLE GREG."
That the hairy biker did. Until he nuts hard up inside her. She screams bloody murder and convulses. Lonnie stressed a bit that Greg had cum inside Paige until he remembered his friend had a vasectomy four years back. Huffing he watched Greg ease his Manaconda out ever so slowly. She fell forward into Lonnie the second Greg's crown popped free.
Bawling her eyes out she clung to Lonnie and shook like a leaf in a hurricane. He nearly cried himself until she gathered her emotions. Peeling away from her Father she turns in the water and kneels down under the surface to fondle Greg's snake. Lifting it she attempts to give him head. His girth only let her have two inches at best. Still she looked up at Greg with respect. Kissing his crown she gave up and looked toward Andy. Swimming to his side she encourages him to stand so that she could suck his dick a good ten thrusts. Kissing the tip she moved onward to Mike. He stood up the second she waded toward him. Swallowing him for another ten throat thrusts she kisses him.
All grew silent listening to the jets tormenting the water. She lingered in the middle of the tub as Lonnie motioned his friends to encircle her. She wasn't sure what to do when all four men abused her face and head with wagging cocks. She merely let it happen and sat expressionless. Three minutes of having her lips, nose, ears, and brow dick slapped they eased back just enough to jerk off over her face. Four minutes flat her features were bathed in cum. Whiter than her own flesh. She licked her lips and began laughing. The men looked at each other wondering if they had created a monster.
With silence returning they hear loud grunting without anything interrupting its recognition. Looking about they track the noise to Gerry's fence line. It was obvious he had been watching them. Paige fidgets listening to his struggles. Standing up she crawls from the tub and moves out into the torch lights. Her milky white body glowing and incredible to watch. Perfection they would all agree. Finding a hole in Gerry's fence she crouches. Looking into his yard she discovers Gerry standing just on the other side. Without warning he stuck his cock through the hole making her yelp and laugh. Without waiting for him to escape her she reaches up and strokes the hidden Gerry. Seconds of hearing him mumble she sucks him off through his glory hole. Another spatter on her lips she ended his torment with a kiss.
"You're a good girl Hotstuff. Happy Birthday." Gerry vanished into the house.
Standing she turns to see her Father and adoptive Uncles clapping.
"I guess we iced that birthday cake.' Mike chuckled.
Paige walks back over to the tub and steps back in shivering at her body temperature cooling down. Into her Daddy's arms she went. Hugging him tight she kisses his chest before looking up at Lonnie. He pets her hair smiling down at her.
"Can we do this again Daddy?"
"Liked it that much?"
She nods shyly but certain.
"I'll think about it." He looks up at his buddies grinning, "Everyone out of the pool. Out of my fucking house for that matter." The trio vacated quickly. Dried off with towels Lonnie had set out, they all found their clothing. In twenty minutes the three Amigos were gone.
Alone Lonnie returned to the hot tub and soaked in peace.
Paige?
She headed to her room to write in her diary.
"Dear Daddy." She headlined it, "I had three dicks in me tonight. Best birthday ever. I'm so over Donnie. Daddy rules."
Lonnie rested back on his watery throne.
It was good to be King.
All he needed was someone to share his crown. Fingers to his mouth he lets out a window shaking whistle. In her room Paige jumped. Racing through the house she hops into the tub with her Father.
"Good ears." He winks.
"I'll always come when you call."
"That's my girl."
He guides her to the side of the tub and lifts her legs. Her arms encircle his neck just as his crown enters her pussy for the very first time. She gasped at his insertion and sighed with each thrust.
"Happy birthday Princess."
"I love presents."
As he loves on her throat again he moves to her ear. Whispering his thoughts. "I say we show you off next weekend. Wear those furs and nothing else."
"In front of who?"
"It matter?"
"Not really."
"Make love to me all night long Daddy."
"Already planned on it Punkin."
She got her wish.
Even if she was three candles short.