Chapter 1 - Abolishing Amy's Inhibitions
It was love at first site when David met Amy, an 18 year old virgin freshman at the university the year he was graduating. Amy was a very attractive slim 5'4" beauty with auburn haired, having a girl next door look. Her facial features were of an innocent angel with cute dimples when she smiled and a turned up little nose. Her hazel golden eyes seem to sparkle whenever he was around. When she spoke, her voice was soft and enticing. She wore her skirts short, but because she felt self-conscious of her small perky breast, she always had bra under loose fitting tops. She never got the guy she wanted to date in high school, because they always wanted the big breasted girls. It would have been okay, if she had sex with them. But she wanted to save herself for marriage and that turned off many of the guys she liked. Even with a slim figure, cute rounded butt, and shapely pair of legs from Ice skating and skiing; the guys wanted to date girls that were easy. These experiences made her feel like an ugly duckling even though she was far from it. But in her mind she didn't think she was attractive. To get away from her past, she went 2000 miles from home to Colorado for college and to enjoy her favorite winter sports.
David was in his last year as Engineering major. He was over 6 feet tall with an athletics body but was nerdy looking because he wore glasses. Girls still seemed to like him and he never had trouble getting girls for sex. Volunteering to help freshman become acquainted with the campus, was his way to check out the new girls for possible love connection. Or as he put it to his frat buddies, a way to get dibs on the new sluts that arrive. He never intended to fall for any of them, but when he saw Amy his eyes lit up. She seemed different than the other girls. She was very beautiful, but acted shy. He had to have her in his orientation group. Making a deal with another volunteer, they swapped groups and he got his wish.
The first week of orientation David made a special effort to help Amy with campus life, trying to get to know her. Although she was instantly attractive to him, she shied away; thinking he was just another guy wanting sex, which he was. After the second week, she decided to go out with him anyway because he seemed nice.
"Maybe he wasn't like other guys," she thought. "Maybe he really likes me and not just wanting my body. I hope so. He's so cute."
They hit it off and became great friends. Even though he was disappointed, because he wanted sink is manhood in her really bad, he respected her wishes of no sex. Throughout their 6 month courtship, he kept telling her how beautiful she was and built up her low self-esteem. She responded lovingly with lots of kissing and groping, but still no sex. Having other sluts to satisfy his needs, he didn't mind giving her time. On Valentine day, he asked her to marry him. Once she was engaged and sure of him, she finally surrendered to his advances and had sex for the first time. She was now 19 and he was 23.
David was a lot more experienced then her and slowly taught her the pleasures of sex. After the first time, they made love almost daily with her tight unused vagina became very juicy when he fucked her. After a few weeks of daily fucking if class allowed, David stopped having sex with his other sluts and concentrated just on Amy. He was completely in love with her; especially her toned hard body and her facial beauty.
He would tell her loving verbiage whenever they made love. "I hope I'm not hurting you. You have such an attractive body that I can't seem to get enough of and feel privileged to be your first lover. I know you're the one for me the rest of my life. I'll never stop loving you."
Amy was on her back with her legs spread wide apart with David over her, using slow deliberate strokes enjoying every inch of her inner sanctum. He would kiss her neck and whisper his adoration for her. Opening her eyes, she could see his eyes twinkling.
With her mouth open moaning in pleasure she would say, "Oh god David! I love you making love to me. Oh God! Yes my love! You feel so good in me. Yes! Oh Yes! I want you! I didn't know that sex felt so wonderful. Oh Yes, I'll love you forever too!" It was like she was making up for lost time.
As much as they made love, she seldom had an orgasm. Unfortunately for David, she didn't like having sex on all fours or sucking on his cock like the other girls he fucked. The good news was only having him as a sex partner, his 6" cock seemed huge to her tight eager pussy. Their love overshadowed reason and she quit college to be with him, which upset her parents. They never liked him. But for Amy it was a relationship made in heaven. Loving her beauty and persona, David put up with her dislikes concerning sex.
She was his attractive trophy wife and loved how guys would stare at them or mostly her, when out. She did dress appropriately wearing a bra and panty hose, but her skirts and dresses were short, showing her nice legs. She even dressed a little slutty at times to please him. She never realized guys were having sexual thoughts about her. Some of David's colleagues would tease him about how did he ever get such a gorgeous woman to marry. He would laugh it off, but those comments built up his ego. Now seven years later and living in Bakersfield has challenged their happiness. Amy seemed distant after they moved there. The sex between them also has almost vanished. She wasn't happy.
The last three years have been a struggle for Amy. She wasn't close to ski resorts anymore and didn't have a skill to work. Luckily David had a great paying Petroleum Engineering job, therefore her working wasn't necessary. They lived in a large home in the elite section of town. She became a bored home body, looking for some sort of excitement. Even though she volunteered for their church, she still felt like she was missing something. Then her parents suddenly died in a car accident a year ago, at the same time she found out that she couldn't have children. She never told David about not being able to have kids. All this happening at once created a hole in her and made her very depressed. She needed something to hold onto. So with David's 30th birthday the following month she decided to go to Las Vegas. It was exactly what they both needed because David sensed there was something wrong. She hadn't wanted to be intimate for months, which made him worry about their relationship. But leaving Thursday and coming back Monday was a perfect time for a short vacation. Work was very stressful and a break with his lovely wife was exactly what also he needed.
"Are you ready to go yet Amy?" David asked. "You know it's a four hour drive."
For once Amy seemed happy. "Almost darling, I'm just wondering if I should pack something sexy," she answered, although she already did. She just hoped he wanted her to dress naughty.
David perked up when he heard sexy and blurted, "By all means Amy. I haven't seen you wearing anything flirty in a long time. How about that beautiful white sundress? You always looked so sexy wearing it."
They both laughed and she came out pulling a large suitcase. David took it and put it in the trunk of his new S class Benz. He gave his old SLK Benz to her. Turning toward her, he looked disappointed.
"I thought you said you going to wear something sexy," he quibbled.
She held him and gave him a kiss sensually saying, "I brought a few outfits along honey including the white sun dress, but I wanted to be comfortable on the ride over."
He smiled and said, "Okay!" But he actually was thinking about playing with her pussy as they drove over, like he used to do years ago. Holding her tightly around her waist, they walked over to his car and he opened her door. She smiled and giggled. It has been a long time since he has done that. He got in the car and began the arduous journey to Vegas.
They finally made to The Tropicana hotel after the long traffic laden ride. They left at 8 am and it was after 1 pm when they arrived.
As they were checking in the clerk said, "I see you are here for the convention and will get the convention rate. I have you guys on the floor eight, which is reserved just for convention guest. They have taken the top half of the hotel. You'll need to still check in at the convention to receive your passes. Have fun."
David was a little taken back by the clerk and was about to say it was a mistake, but then Amy whispered, "Don't say anything. I got a great rate saying we were going to the convention."
They began walking to the back elevators. As they crossed the bridge over the pool area, they stopped and looked out.
"Wow look at all of those hot women lying on the loungers. The girls are wearing such revealing swim suits." Laughing he turned to Amy and asked, "Honey, would you wear something like that in public?"
She looked out the window and for some reason was becoming excited about picking this hotel. There were a lot of hunks too but they all looked older, like in their 30's, 40's and some even older than that.
Giggling she answered, "I would if you wanted me too!"
David sneaker and took her hand. Looking in her sparkling golden eyes he replied, "I would love seeing you wear a thong bottom out in public like that. I bet guys would stare at you as you walked by." Then he passionately kissed her.
When they got out on their floor, a couple was standing waiting for the elevator. He was a tall thin older guy wearing an unbuttoned pink flowered Hawaii shirt and white swim trunks. She was a dark haired beauty with big tits and showing a lot of cleavage. She had on a wraparound sheer skirt that hid her pink thong bikini bottoms, just like the other girls were wearing.
Amy came out first and almost ran in to Jerry trying to get on. "Oh I'm sorry beautiful. I should have looked before jumping on." Jerry apologized.
Amy just smiled and answered, "That's okay."
David quickly came out with the suitcases and seeing Lisa, was smitten by her big tits. His eyes went right to them. After the incident, Jerry and Lisa purposely didn't make it on the elevator before it closed. Jerry wanted to find out who this young attractive girl was.
He's been searching for a new conquest since they arrived last night, but so far all of the women had been thirty or older. He was looking for a hot young girl to become his new concubine. He finds one every year and this year the lucky girl will be his sixth acquisition. He has a girl in Denver, one in the Bay area close to where he lives, another in Portland, one in Los Angeles, and the last girl is in Las Vegas. She was his first conquest after a girl named Mercedes in LA that didn't' go well. With the Vegas girl he was still working out the kinks when acquiring her compliance. But now he has all of the methods down to perfection. All that has to happen is for the girl to become hypnotized. If she easily goes under, then her mind can be manipulated. Seeing Amy he was hoping that she would become his next conquest.
"Hi my name is Jerry and this is my lovely wife Lisa," Jerry immediately started the conversation. Seeing David looking at his wife with lusty eyes, he turned to him and asked, "Is this your first time at the convention?" Jerry would have remembered Amy if they had gone before.
With a migraine headache becoming more potent David answered, "Oh we aren't going to the convention. We just said we would to get a better room rate." Amy nudged David after he said that and gave him a nasty stare.
Now disappointed because he knew this floor was for convention patrons he chuckled and replied, "Oh I see! But you could still sign up. The registration doesn't close until 5 today. I hope you check it out. It's a lot of fun and you'll meet such nice people, like us." He grinned with Lisa giggling.
Then Lisa went up to David, touched his arm and sensually whispered, "You're cute. I bet we could have a great time together. I know you wouldn't be disappointed."
David was already infatuated by her, but with his head now throbbing, he answered that they would check it out tomorrow, took Amy's hand and walked to their room.
Nastily David exclaimed,"Can you believe how forward they were? A convention isn't what I had on my mind with you." He kissed Amy. Holding her he said, "Do you mind if I lay down for a bit. The drive over has given me a bad headache."
"No Darling," Amy answered. "Let me get you a cold wash cloth. I know the drive over was bad. You take a nap and I'll go shopping or play the slots. When should I come back?"
She knew once his headache took over, he would be a baby. She didn't want to stay and watch him sleep. This was her first trip to Los Vegas and wanted some excitement. She wanted to explore and party like she used too. Grabbing her suitcase, she changed into her blue Daisy Duke shorts and a pink t-shirt. She took her big brown bag and went over to kiss him good bye. Whispering, "I need to get out and walk around. I'll be back in a few hours Darling. Maybe I'll buy something sexy for later."
Without looking at her he grunted, "Okay but be back before six." She said she would.
Amy was finally free and began meandering through the shops around the walkway overlooking the pool area. Forgetting her sun glasses, she stopped at the sun glass hut that was in the middle of the walkway. As she was trying on several glasses, Jerry walked around the corner to get sun screen at the next little hut. Stopping in his tracks, he spotted Amy. He couldn't believe his luck. He loved how her cute ass was just peeking through the bottom of her shorts. Looking around he didn't see her husband. He smiled at the opportunity to see if she can be hypnotized.
"Hi there gorgeous," he blurted. She immediately turned, saw him and gave him a sexy smiled. "So where's David?"
Amy giggled and sensually answered, "Oh he has a migraine so I decided to explore. I've never been to Las Vegas before."
"Oh I see," he responded back. "Would you like some company? I know my way around pretty well." His mind raced as he thought, "I need to get her somewhere private".
Amy giggled and sensually replied, "Sure if Lisa wouldn't mind."
Jerry laughed and told her to come with him. Looking down at the pool area he answered, "Lisa is doing just fine. She is being well taken care of."
He pointed to Lisa sitting up, legs apart across from this very broad shoulder muscular guy. They were holding hands and he was kissing her. Amy was shocked and said, "Oh my! Aren't you jealous Jerry?"
He laughed and answered, "About Devon. Nah! He's an old friend. We hook up with him and Suzy every year. She's the cute blonde lying next to him."
Amy looked at the girl reading a book next to Devon not paying any attention to her husband. Then she turned to Jerry and loudly asked, "So what type of convention is going on?"
Jerry chuckled and answered, "It's the yearly Swingers convention. There are probably 500 couples here for partying and hooking up. It started today and runs through Sunday with Saturday night as Madre Gras night. You should sign up. You are very beautiful and I bet would be popular."
Her expression was of shock, but also curiosity. Hooking up with others has been on her mind for some time, but was afraid to approach David. She had begun wondering what other guys were like. Having this occurring at the hotel she chose, had to be some kind of omen. It couldn't be by chance. Her pussy was becoming wet just by thinking of sex with strange men.
They continued chatting about the convention. The more he described the event the hornier Amy became. Then they walked the promenade going through shops getting to know one another. He had her try on a few very revealing outfits and model them for him. She was becoming very amorous each time she saw guys looking in, giving her thumbs up. She finally broke down and bought one. It was a short black leather skirt. Jerry paid for it. Then they sat down at a bar and he bought her a Martini. She felt comfortable with him, told him all of her feelings, and how depressed she became after she found out about not having any kids. She spilled her guts not knowing that she was giving Jerry a lot of insight about how to manipulate her.
Jerry was now ready to try to take control of her mind. He was excited about it too. She's young, very attractive with a toned hot body, nice legs, big golden eyes and an addicting smile. She could be available for years to come. Not being able to get pregnant was even extra credit. It was one less thing to worry about when she would be out earning money.
Taking her hand he softly said, "I didn't tell you but I'm a Psychologist. Sometimes I use hypnosis to help people control their appetite, stop smoking, and depression. If you want, I can try to hypnotize you right here. It will only take a minute to see if you are a suitable subject. A lot of people can't be, so don't feel bad if it doesn't work on you. But if you can be, then maybe we can start a treatment plan. You have nothing to lose just to find out."
"But what if I can't be hypnotized," she asked.
Jerry smiled and answered, "Nothing tried is nothing gained. But if not, then you can try counseling with David. He needs to know how you are feeling and about not being able to have children." He was trying to be supporting, although it would be better if she wasn't married at all.
She looked sad but knew he was right about telling David. "Okay let's try it," she replied.
He took her hand and found a booth way in the back. "Now finish your drink and get comfortable," Jerry said.
Taking out his I Phone, Jerry went to a special program that he created just for this purpose. He put the phone down in front of her and said, "Now look at the screen. A bunch of photos are going quickly show up. Concentrate on the photos and let your mind wonder. The only thing you hear will be my voice. Are you ready to get started?"
She shook her head yes and he started to play the show. As it began she smiled at the photos. Then they began appearing faster and faster for a few minutes, until the only thing flickering was a bright light flashing in her face. As it did, he told her that she was getting sleepy that her eyes lids were too heavy and to close them. With a few more directives, she was now completely in a trance and under his control.
He smiled knowing that he found his new girl. But he had to work quickly or she would suspect she was hypnotized. So he started, "You are a very sensual person and want to continually explore all facets of having an inexhaustible sex life. You release all of your sexual hang-ups, inhibitions, moralities, restraints and consciences. You will never feel guilty or embarrassed by any outrageous sexual behavior or exhibitionism that you enjoy. Instead you will embrace your nymphomania gratification that being an attractive exhibitionist and uninhibited fucking will bring. The more times you enjoy men sexually, the more men you want to please. Every guy you enjoy will give you many exciting and pleasurable orgasms. You love to suck cock and swallow their seed, because it tastes great and you love the sweet aroma of semen. You will have sex at least once a day except Mondays with one or more men. Every guy who you fuck will can you for the privilege of seeding your cunt. You will start this activity tonight by finding a few guys to have pleasurable sex with. Tomorrow you will sign up for the convention at 10 am." Looking at the timer on his phone he had to quickly finish. "You will go back and buy that white bathing suit. Whenever I and only my voice say Zanzibar, you will immediately return to this state of unconsciousness waiting for my instructions. Whatever I say when you are in this state, will be perceived as being your thoughts and decisions when awake. You never will remember me giving you any instructions or you ever being in this state of awareness. Now wake up at the count of ten"
He started counting and had the phone in front of her blinking like before, but at a slower pace. When she awoke, she said, "So what happened? Did I go under?"
"I'm afraid not Amy," he said in a sad voice. "I tried several times. But that doesn't mean you can't enjoy this weekend swinging. I bet you can meet some of us right now. Go to the pool with me."
She said, "But my bathing suit isn't as skimpy as the other girls." Jerry didn't say anything back and wanted to see if his directives took hold. Then she giggled and said, "But I can buy that white one I tried on, but was afraid to wear it. Would that be okay?"
Jerry was ecstatic. "Of course that would be okay. You have the perfect body for it. But can I make a suggestion. You will need to completely shave around your vagina before you come down to the pool. Hurry back so we can continue discussing your predicament."
He was ready to use his secret word but she answered, "Okay. I can't wait to see how you can help me."
Before she left, he pointed to a cabana in the back where he would be and to meet him there. Now being sexually charged, she rushed to the elevators. Jerry was extremely happy and smirked all the way down to the pool. As he sat in the cabana waiting for his prey to arrive, he went to his phone to check his list of directives. He needed to embed all of them in her subconscious for her to become a submissive sex slave. He chuckled at his devious thoughts and was happy that she quickly has submitted in her subconscious to his directives.
Amy walked in to the room and David was still asleep loudly snoring. She looked at the room clock and it was already 3:00pm. She wondered where all of the time went. She smiled realizing it had to be because she liked this older guy Jerry. Quickly she went to the bathroom, grabbed her razor and shaved her cunt baby smooth. After she did, she looked in the mirror and became very horny. Touching herself, she was already moist at the look and feeling of her shaved pussy. Then she smiled knowing that she was really attractive like Jerry said. Going over to David, she gave him a light kiss on his cheek and left.
Taking a deep breath at the elevators wearing almost nothing, she didn't care who saw her. Jerry saw Amy walking toward him without wearing a wrap around her waist. He smiled knowing that she rode the elevator and walked through the hotel with just the tiny thong barely covering any of her assets. The thong was buried tightly in between her ass cheeks making her look naked. It was a wonder that security didn't stop her. With wearing a pair of cork 3" platform shoes made her looks very alluring. Heads turned when she finally strolled to him. Standing in front of him she smiled.
"Where do you want me," she asked in a soft sensual voice!
He patted the area next to him on the double blue lounger. She quickly sat down on her side facing him. Her arm was under her head forcing her head up. She was nervous being dressed in such a revealing swim suit and was fidgeting her leg, but felt safe sitting next to Jerry. She was about to say something when two 50 something guys Dennis and Wayne, walked up.
"Where did you meet this lovely creature Jerry," Wayne asked.
Dennis added, "She is very enticing. What's your name gorgeous?"
Perturbed Jerry answered for Amy, "Her name is Amy and I found her being curious about swinging."
As Jerry continued telling them about her, Amy turned on her back and with knees bent keeping her legs tightly together. Looking up at their lusty stares.
Wayne then asked, "So how old are you gorgeous?"
She did look like she was 22 and answered, "I'm 26 if you must know."
Dennis snickered and said, "Oh robbing the cradle are we now Jerry?" Then asking, "Are you going to be at the dance tonight Amy?" She shrugged her shoulders like she didn't know.
Jerry blurted, "Probably not guys. She'll be out with her husband going to a show and clubbing. She was just curious and they haven't signed up yet. Maybe they'll be at the banquet on Saturday."
Dennis said, "Damn you're gorgeous! I hope so."
As they started to leave Wayne stopped and asked, "Gorgeous I saw you quickly walk by me with that cute bare ass. I was wondering if you wouldn't mind, to turn on all fours so I can memorize what a great ass you have."
Amy looked at Jerry, smiled and began to turn on all fours. Jerry hoped she would, showing off her cunt without persuasion. If she did, he knew her inhibitions had been discarded and her new attention whore persona was taking hold.
Once she was leaning on her arms with her bare ass in the air, the two stood right behind her to get a good look at her pussy. The thong was embedded tightly in her ass groove and hiding her cunt. As she wiggled, the guys gave her compliments about her firmed looking ass and what a lucky guy her husband was. Then without any coaxing; she turned back to look at them, reached for her thong and pulled it off her cunt.
She could see their expressions of lust when she said, "Is this what you guys wanted to see?"
Jerry chuckled at her naughty behavior and the guys asked for her to spread he legs farther apart. She did as requested. Then Wayne reached in and touched her cunt that was becoming drenched with anticipation. He began rubbing it and Dennis took a turn. That's when Jerry stopped their groping. He knew that Amy would fuck them if they wanted her too. That was one of her compliance instructions, which was to fuck everyone who wanted her.
"Okay guys! I think you seen enough. Hopefully she'll be at Saturday's banquet and maybe you can get better acquainted then."
Amy turned over back on her side looking at Jerry. The guys thanked her for the show, but she didn't pay attention to them. She was more engrossed in Jerry. Before anyone else interrupted them, he got up and closed the front canvas. Now they were isolated and he could finish his indoctrination. But Amy had another idea. The guys got her juices flowing and now needed sex. It was the sexual feeling she had many times in high school and college, but never acted on it. But now she didn't care about anything or anyone seeing.
Sensually she said, "You made me horny all day and now Jerry you're going to finish what you started. I may not be able to be hypnotized, but just talking sex with you is making me really horny. So now darling, make love to me."
She got closer to him and reached for the bulge in his pants. Pulling them down, his 8" thick cock pooped straight up. He was already horny from watching this young innocent girl, becoming a temptress. He was pleased with himself and happy with how quickly she had acted to the stimulus. As Amy began sucking on his cock, he knew he had to show her some techniques. He showed her how to touch him, to stroke his shaft, to suck on his head and swirl her tongue around his helmet. She was a quick learner. In no time she had him at the edge of eruption, but he stopped. Pulling her thong to one side, he had her straddle him.
Sitting down on his raging large extremity she said, "Oh My God Jerry! You're so much bigger then David. I don't know if I can get you in me."
Her thin body wasn't made for large cocks. But he still began pushing himself into her wet tight hole. Slowly at first, until he got most of his thick shaft deep inside her pulsating wanting pussy. After a few minutes getting her loose, he began plowing in an out of her stretched hole going balls deep.
She gave out a loud moan of agony mixed with pleasure, "Oh God Jerry. It hurts but feels so good. I didn't know another guy could make me crave sex. You're only the second guy that I've had sex with!" He snickered but didn't say anything back.
Soon she was riding him like a slut in heat and taking all of him in her. She moaned that he was so much bigger then David many times and how he excited parts of her that she never had been pleasured before. Then she came with a huge orgasm. As she shuddered in bliss, she moaned that it's been years since she had one. Once she calmed, he pushed her off and placed her on her back. Taking her legs, he bent them up her body and pushed his throbbing cock back in.
She gave out aloud moan. "Oh god Jerry, you're so big! I love how you feel in me. Oh yes fuck me this time. I want it hard! I want to scream in pleasure. Oh yes that's it darling!"
Looking down at this gorgeous girl moving with such sexual energy, made Jerry began fucking her with lusty abandonment. He was deep inside her, pulling all the way out a few times, and then thrusting back in. As he was roughly fucked this young beauty, he couldn't stop thinking about all of the guys that were going to enjoy her charms this weekend. He smiled and began his nonstop ravishing of her tight hot body. Moving the bra off her perky breast, he kissed one and then the other. Her nipples immediately became erect. Then without warning she came again. Chuckling to himself, he knew she was now his slut and soon his money making whore. He needed to try one last thing to make sure that she had shifted her demeanor from a modest innocent girl into a raging horny slut. After she stopped shaking, he pulled out, had her open her mouth, and spewed a huge load of semen into it. She licked her lips and swallowed it all.
Then she said, "That is so yummy Jerry. Do all the guys cum taste so good? It was like swallowing chocolate syrup." Giggling, "I'm going to really enjoy making guys cum in my mouth. You are so very tasty. Can I have some more?"
He again chuckled and said, "Sure Amy. You can have as much as you want!" She giggled!
He told her to lie on her stomach and he would give her a nice back rub. She flipped over. He massaged her shoulders and she started to fall asleep. He whispered to put these ear plugs in and he would play some music for her to relax. He handed them to her and she placed them in her ears. Then she lay back down. Just before he turned the recording on, he whispered, "Zanzibar". She immediately went into a cataleptic trance. But what he turned on afterwards wasn't music, but 30 minutes of directives, compliments, grooming orders, wardrobe orders, what her desires are, being an exhibitionist, becoming a working girl, and being addict to every type of sex imaginable, as well as many other suggestions. Once these commands are embedded into her subconscious, she would be his to manipulate anyway he wanted.
He stayed and watched her for a few minutes. He could tell she was being stimulated by how her eyes moved under her closed eye lids. He had to find Lisa and needed to get some water for Amy. From past experiences he knew that when she awoke, she would be very thirsty. So he left.
He got to his room and saw Devon on his back with Lisa riding his huge meat and Suzy above his mouth. As Devon stimulated both girls, they began kissing each other. Jerry smiled and left. He went and stopped at the little snack store and got some water.
When he got back to the cabana, he heard, "That's it gorgeous. You have such a tight beautiful cunt. You feel so good."
Opening the canvas, Wayne had Amy on all fours, ass propped up, and he was speedily fucking her. But she wasn't moving like she should have been, as he enjoyed her flesh.
"What the fuck Wayne," he yelled! "Get the fuck off her you fucking bastard!"
"Sorry Jerry, but I'm almost there. Give me a few minutes. She didn't say no, when I asked if I could fuck her. Man she is so hot."
Jerry went to grab him but Wayne was a big fat guy and had 100 pounds on Jerry so he pushed him back.
"Just a few more strokes Jerry. I'll be done in a minute. She is such a hot cutie. Ah yes! Ah yes!"
"Don't you dare leave your stuff in her," Jerry barked back.
He pulled out and shot the load on her ass. Then he said, "I just came back to get her phone number. You weren't here and her thong was off her lovely cunt. I propped her ass up and her lovely hole was begging me to fuck it. Damn Jerry, she's the hottest piece of sweet ass at convention. You shouldn't keep her for yourself and you really can't blame me, now can you?"
Jerry told him to get the hell out. Pulling up his swim trunks, he did.
As he gently pushed Amy back down, he was happy that Wayne didn't wake her up from the stimulation. Wiping off Wayne's goo from her ass, he heard his music coming on the tape, which told him that the recording was over. Amy slowly woke up and turned over to look at Jerry.
She smiled and said, "Oh I needed that nap. I feel so refreshed. What time is it?" As Jerry answered it was almost 5 pm, she whimpered, "Oh my! I'm all wet in my pussy. You think I had a sex dream?"
Jerry smiled and answered, "Probably Amy. You were moving your hips like you were having sex. Maybe I can satisfy that urge you now have." He laughed afterwards.
The crowd that used to be at the pool had left except for a few non convention hotel guest. He gave her the water and she guzzled it all down.
Smiling at him she answered, "Oh yes Jerry! I'm really horny. I love to feel you in me again."
But now he wanted to do with the front open. It was a test to see if she would throw all caution away and fuck in the open for others to watch. Moving the lounger closer to the front, he had her take off the swim suit. Placing her head facing toward the pool, she was on all fours. The one thing Wayne was right about was seeing her pussy begging for him to fuck it. Spreading her legs apart, he pushed back into her drenched wanting hot box. She pleasurably moaned as he did.
She kept sighing, "I love you Jerry. You have made me whole again. Oh yes make love to me! Yes! Yes! Oh! That's it, you feel wonderful!"
Her loud moaning didn't go unnoticed. Two guys drinking beers at the pool bar turned back to see what was happening. They saw a head of a girl in a cabana moving back and forth. The black bartender didn't notice because he was engrossed with the news about another police shooting. The guys took their beers and walked back to the cabana. They stood in front watching Amy getting fucked. She looked at them and smiled.
Then Jerry said, "You can't fuck her, but I bet if you ask nicely she'll suck you guys off."
Amy smiled and moaned, "Oh goodie, yummy cum. Come here cutie!"
They did and Amy asked who was first. The young 20 something guy had his cock out of his shorts and pushed it in Amy's face. She opened her mouth and began sucking on his tip. He finally pushed half of his cock in and she swallowed it without gagging. As Jerry was fucking her cunt, this young dude was fucking her mouth. The other guy walked over to her side and played with her small tits, pulling on her nipples. She moaned louder with a cock in her mouth. Then he walked back and looked at this sexy beauty being impelled by Jerry. Jerry pulled out and the guy looked at her gaping open cunt. He asked if he could touch. Jerry nodded yes. He began fingering her clit and pushed a finger in her hole.
"You should fell how wet this girl is Tommy," he yelled. "She's seems to be enjoying herself too."
When he stopped, Jerry reentered her and began pumping her faster. Tommy pulled out of her mouth and walked back to see what Tim was talking about. Tim now rock hard from playing with Amy's pussy, pushed his cock in her mouth. Just as he did, she began shuddering again with another orgasm. Jerry pulled out and let Tommy have a look at her drenched hole. He played with it, which started her engine again. She moved back and forth with is probing. Then Tim blew his load in her mouth and she swallowed most of it. Some ran down her chin. Tommy went back to get sucked off as Jerry pushed back into his beautiful young slut. It wasn't long before Jerry blew his load deep inside her. As he pulled out his shrinking cock, his cum started to drip down her legs. Then Tommy blew his load on her face. After she licked their cocks clean, She began scooping up the sticky goo off her face and sucking it off her fingers. While she was doing that, the guys asked Jerry what her story was.
Jerry answered with a little white lie, "She's my step daughter and just loves sex. She also owes me money for college. I have to be careful who fucks her because she can go all night. So I farm her out for a huge price."
Amy listening to his tall tale, laughed, sucked their cum off her fingers and added, "Yes guys this should have cost you 3 bills each. But you taste so yummy. I gave it to you free."
They thanked her and left. Putting her bathing suit back on, Jerry gave his Hawaiian shirt for her to wear and walked her back to her room. Once there, he kissed her good bye and said he would see her tomorrow and to sign up for the convention. When he walked toward his room, he smiled knowing that he found number 6. She would make a great working girl to be used for years. Now he has three days to break her in, making sure she'll continue the slut endeavors after the convention. But first he had to see if David can be part of her new career, otherwise he would have them get divorced, like he made the other girls do with their husbands.
When Amy walked into the room, David was up and dressed for a night out. "What the fuck Amy! Where have you been and what are you wearing?"
"Do you like," she answered. Taking off the pink Hawaiian shirt, she began strutting around. When she bent over wiggling her ass in David's face, she said, "Go ahead and slap my cute ass David."
David was in total shock. He wondered what happened in the few hours that he slept, to get his wife so frisky? He never saw her in such a revealing outfit. He could see her vagina bent that way and her nipples were protruding from under the top, if you called it a top. It looked like a thin piece of cloth just hiding her nipples but exposing the rest of her breast. As she kept wiggling her ass begging him to slap it, he finally did.
It was a hard angry slap across her right cheek that made her yelp. "Not so hard sweetie. A loving slap is all I wanted."
Pulling her up and turning her around, he looked into her sparkling hazel eyes and asked, "What's gotten into you Amy. Are you crazy acting like some trollop? I've never seen you like this before. What happened?"
It wasn't the response she expected. Quickly she kissed him. She wanted to say Jerry got into her with his big cock giving her orgasms, but decide not to. Instead she put her arms around his neck, giggled and sensually answered. "You said you wanted me to wear that type of bathing suit that you saw the other girls wearing. So I bought one. But I found out that I had to shave my pussy to make it look good. So I did and it got me really horny. Let me show you."
She moved the thong to the side to show him her baby smooth cunt. He smiled and was starting to become excited about her. He used to become really thrilled by her flirting when in college. Then her parents died and she seemed to stop living. He was pleased that she seemed happy again, but also worried about her naughty behavior.
Continuing her story, "Then I ran into Jerry and Lisa. So I spent the rest of the afternoon at the pool enjoying the sun and talking with them about the convention, which got me even hornier. I now know I want to sign up tomorrow." Now laughing, "When I bought the bathing suit, I also bought this sexy skirt. I just have to find a top to go with it."
She went to get it and came out with it on. David was now in lust for his wife. The skirt was black shinning leather that barely covered her ass cheeks. If she sat down, it would rise up showing her panty. He liked it.
Taking her in his arms, he gave her a huge passionate kiss and said, "Wow Amy! I love the new you. It's like the first year we were together. I want you so bad and sorry I yelled at you. But I made dinner and show reservation. We should get going."
He kissed her again and she reached for the bulge in his pants. The next thing they were on the bed fucking like lost lovers. She only removed the thong swim bottoms and he fucked her with the skirt on. It only took a few minutes for him to spew a load in her. Then she went to take a quick shower. As she was still in the shower, there was a knock at the door. David answered it and it was Jerry standing there. He asked to get his shirt back and David let him in.
"Did you like Amy's swim suit," he inquired.
"Yes I did. She looks fantastic in it," David responded back.
"Well then I took some photos of her modeling it at the pool. I thought you should see what a gorgeous attractive wife you have. She received a lot of nice compliments from a lot of guys." Jerry whispered back.
David already knew that Amy was a hot woman, but wasn't happy that this older Guy took photos of her dressed like some shameless slut. He was becoming angry with this pervert and wanted him to leave. But to appease Jerry he took a deep breath to subside his irritation and said, "Okay, I love to see."
He had David sit on the chair and he took out his phone. Then he put it in front of him and told him to concentrate on Amy's photos. When he turned it on, the slide show began slowly then sped up. Soon it was a fast flickering white light. Jerry began his little speech and David was under just like his wife. When he saw Amy coming out, he yelled "Zanzibar". She stopped. The he told her to go get dressed.
Turning back to David he began his directives. It dealt mostly with allowing Amy to fuck anyone she wanted. When she did, he would get horny watching her fuck, everything she does sexually is okay with him and he won't ever get jealous. Instead, become happy and encourage her to fuck more men. Then he said, "It should start tonight. Take her after the show to the Zinger's club off the strip. Make sure she fucks at least two different guys." Then he finished with, "Whenever I say the words Dark Horse, you will immediately return to this stage of unconsciousness and wait for further instructions."
Walking in the bedroom he said to Amy, "You will fuck at least two different men in front of David at the dance club tonight and remember it being your idea with you having lots of pleasurable orgasms."
He woke Amy up first and had her stand behind him, as Jerry slowed the slide show down to wake David up. After he did he asked, "So what do you think of her photos?"
David said that they made him horny with Amy chiming in of how she loved modeling and hearing all of the nice compliments.
Jerry took his shirt and left the couple for their evening out. As he walked back to his room to get ready for tonight convention festivities, he gave out a hearty laugh knowing that Amy's demise was all set. He imagined her dressed in a short skirt, black stockings, 6" platform stilettos and a sheer blouse on the street soliciting sex for him. And David would be the one helping her with that task. He blurted out another huge laugh.
Stay tuned for part 2.