It seems that most of my stories tend to follow convention with a slow beginning, a logical progression and, hopefully, a happy ending, if you'll excuse the pun. As something of a reward for my readers' usual patience - or my lack thereof - I will abandon that approach and start, wham bam, in the middle of this one right now...
*****
Once Anastasia's leotard straps were freed from her shoulders, the headphones fitted over her ears, and her wrists bound to the kitchen table, I removed my remaining clothes and loosely tied her ankles to their respective table legs.
Standing back to admire her perfect ass in the sheer material I debated whether to pull it down or whether to leave it in place. In place, I decided for now, because bound like this, I could do whatever I wanted at any time i felt like it.
I pressed "Play" on her device and she began to repeat the phrases as her lesson progressed...
"Hola, Buenas tardes, Buenas noches, ¿Cómo está usted?, ¿Cómo estás?, ¿Qué tal?" She repeated as she was being instructed in this review portion of her Basic Spanish language course.
I considered leaving her there for a while - with or without some little toy in her pussy or ass - but I was exceptionally horny and I wanted some urgent relief. Watching her over the last thirty minutes or so had had its expected effects on my perverted co-conspirators: my greedy cock and his neighbor, the balls.
Nastya always sweated luxuriously during her exercise programs and there was a sheen of it visible on her perfect thighs. Perfect thighs, perfect ass, perfect tits, perfect tummy, perfect legs, perfect pussy, perfect asshole - there was no equally suitable word than "perfect" for all the parts of Nastya in which I was interested. Even her "normal", "pretty", or "cute" face was perfectly suited to my perverted purposes. It had the unique beauty of youth while not attracting the undue attention of others or, God forbid, rivals.
I bent down and stuck my nose between her well-presented buttocks. Her body and her voice flinched immediately but she well knew to continue her lesson...
"Con permiso, Disculpe, Perdón..." she continued, not knowing of course if she was due for a spanking, a fucking, or some other new depravity that I deigned to inflict on her.
But today was to be straightforward. I inhaled the scent of her moist and sweaty pussy. As usual she was more than a little aroused by the whole process. As usual there was no unpleasant odor from her ass and, had I been inclined I would not have hesitated to rim her deeply with my tongue without any additional preparation. Instead, however, I just revealed in her commingled scents for many seconds before licking a few irresistible droplets of sweat from her nearest ass cheek. Sweet Russian salt was my favorite dichotomy.
My cock was fully hard at this point as I straightened up behind her. I began to run him up and down between her lycra-clad butt cheeks. Perhaps cotton or silk might be better suited to this activity, I reflected, but, if I didn't speed up to the point of friction burns I'd be fine. Plus the skin-tight visuals and situational stimuli were more than enough to keep me repeating the actions.
My hands gripped the bare, damp sides of her ass as I ran my happy friend up and down her crevasse. After a few minutes I slid my hands under the seams and bunched the material around my cock. Too much of that sensation, I knew, would cause a reaction long before I wanted this experience to end. Plus, I have her language learning to consider I joked to myself.
Retracting my cock from its happy place I slid one crooked finger below the bunched material and ran it down over her asshole and labia. I couldn't resist pulling back the leotard with my other hand and sticking the finger straight into her pussy. It practically squelshed in there from her physical arousal and her Spanish phrases immediately rose an octave or two. But she knew not to stop...
"Ah, ah, ¿Dónde está...? Uhh! ¿Dónde está mi hotel? Un-ahhh dirección! ¿Dónde hay un baaaaaaaanco?" a pause... "¿Dónde hay un hospital?"
I almost laughed aloud knowing, after many of these lessons, that she'd skipped "un cajero automático" and "un restaurante" to go straight to the hospital question. I began to thrust one and then two lucky fingers inside her in the hope that, indeed, she'd soon need some urgent hospital care from Dr Raymond.
Inevitably her educational activities suffered in direct proportion to the copious juices that were coating my fingers. Dr Raymond could wait but his pervert alter ego "Penis" roughly pulled aside the material and plunged himself into her tight, young, warm, wet, delicious cavity.
"Me estoy corriendo!" (I'm cumming)" she immediately exclaimed (as she'd been instructed in one of her less conventional classes) and I thrust into her hard and fast. I knew her body well by this point and as she began to contract around me I held my cock deep inside triggering a prolonged and noisy orgasm.
As always the thrill of controlling this beautiful young woman began the automatic response within my balls. Rather that shoot my load deep inside her - as was my hard-won right - I pulled back and smoothed out the leotard over her ass. Still beneath the garment, however, my cock, exploded, right between her butt cheeks and I collapsed exhausted over her (perfect) back.
As my cock finally softened I regained the ability to speak. On a whim I reached up and roughly pulled the top of her costume down exposing her breasts to the smooth table top.
"Good girl, Anastasia," I said, "please continue with your lesson until I come back for you."
Gathering my strength I went upstairs for a quick shower. Our dinner reservation was less than an hour away and I knew Nastya would need some time to prepare herself... well unless, of course, I took away some of the lengthy steps involved in a young girl's preparations... such as "helping" to choose what she would wear... hmm...
As I soaped up my naked, middle-aged body I thought up a pleasant scenario for her (for me at least) and by the time a plan had formed, my middle-aged cock was beginning to show signs of life. I knew that, even without the help of Pfizer Incorporated, if Nastya was in the shower with me right then I'd be hard and cumming in her for the third time that day. But, sadly, I really had to save something for the evening.
Shaved and showered, I dressed for dinner and then made my way to Nastya's closet for the items I needed. Thanks to her neatly ordered mind, I quickly located a short, plaid, schoolgirl skirt, blouse, ankle socks, and shoes. I went to her sex toy box and retrieved the remote control bullet vibrator, its controller, and a suitable bottle of lube.
In the kitchen Anastasia continued her Spanish lesson while I untied her ankles and took a moment to massage any stiffness from her calfs and thighs (oh selfless me!). I eased the plaid skirt up her legs and mostly into place around her waist then took each cute little foot in turn and put on the socks. Taking her tablet I stopped the lesson, removed the headphones and released the slip knot holding her wrists. I didn't want any of these things to distract her from what I was going to do next but she knew, of course, not to stand up until instructed.
Lifting up the skirt and the edge of the cum-filled leotard I squirted a liberal amount of lube over and around her ass crack. My cum would have the same effect initially but then it would dry and become unpleasant and I wanted her to have this sensation all evening long. I coated my fingers and applied more lube to her asshole (just a little inside and no more, I swear!) and her vagina (deeply and generously) and then onto the bullet itself which I inserted inside her. Once through the outer lips of her tight, lubricated pussy it was sucked it inside with an almost audible "plop".
"All done with the lesson, Anastasia my little one. You're a very good girl so I'm going to take you out to dinner." I told her.
"Here, put on this blouse but let me see your perfect breasts for a moment before you pull up your top."
"Of course, Uncle Ray", she replied, straightening up and taking the white blouse from my hand, "Thank you for helping me with my lessons, I love you so much!"
She set the blouse on the table and rubbed her little tits in her hands, paying extra attention to her ultra-sensitive nipples. She cradled them and presented them to me for my viewing pleasure, lifting and squeezing them together and then holding the position for several delicious seconds. Then she worked her arms back into the leotard before buttoning on the blouse. Without any bra her stimulated nipples were clearly visible beneath the two layers but when they returned to normal (if I decided to permit such a thing) they would not attract too much unwanted attention.
"You have only about twenty or thirty minutes to get ready, honey. I've helped you with your outfit so you can take the time to fix up anything else you'd like. You look beautiful to me as you are, you know, so if you'd rather spend the time sucking my cock it's completely up to you."
"Oh don't be silly Uncle Ray, I need to wash my face and fix my hair before I can go somewhere nice with you. Thank you for dressing me and I promise to suck your cock later, anytime you like."
Nastya was a wonderful submissive when that was the role we were playing and she knew what was a command and what was truly optional. She knew she could get herself ready in any way she desired but that the cum- and lube-filled leotard was her mandatory costume for the evening. This side of her was extra attractive to me because I knew she wasn't a natural or permanent submissive, not for anyone, and that she could slip into a range of roles as suited our immediate and usually mutual desires or circumstances.
Just to fuck with her a little, however, I took the remote from my pocket and, as she climbed the stairs and I set it to a gentle, level two, vibration. She squealed and bolted up the remaining steps. I didn't switch it off until I heard her coming back down, twenty minutes later. She made no comment but I knew her well and I knew how it would help to slowly build her arousal to a breaking point much later in the evening.
"Okay babe, ready to go? Let's take your car. It's The Waterfront. You drive."
"Oh awesome! I love The Waterfront, I must have been really good!"
"We'll see, we'll see", I said as we settled into her convertible.
"Unbutton the blouse, skirt up, and top down", (meaning the car's convertible roof), "and you can play with your nipples at every stop light."
She arranged her clothes as instructed, and pressed the buttons to open both the car's top and the garage door at the same time. I knew it was a little risky to display her like this in our conservative neighborhood but it was mild exposure and I had to admit that a little risk was almost as exciting to me as it was to her. Anyway, we'd done much, much worse things than an open blouse and hiked skirt in the past.
She was a natural driver and she had soaked up two years of lessons from me. Everything from the parallel parking that started it all through her keen observations and intelligent questioning of every little "expert" action I took while driving. Even those that I didn't consciously consider to point out to her as an instruction.
As luck would have it we had green lights at both of the major intersections between home and the highway but when after we took the waterfront exit I could tell she was managing her speed to avoid being being trapped at a light where there were too many people or too many high-seated SUVs. At the first light that stopped us we were the only car and she immediately took her hands from the wheel and began to massage her breasts and nipples. She was watching the cross light as she always did and just before ours went to green she looked at me and pinched them once, hard, before accelerating across the intersection with a perfect little celebratory, all-wheel drive, tire protest.
Finally, after a chain of greens, her luck ran out. We came to a stop in heavier traffic immediately behind an inevitable Prius. On our right was an oblivious elderly gentleman in an inevitable Buick but beside us on the left was a minivan with an equally inevitable but more attractive Soccer Mom type in the passenger seat. Should she look over, this lady had an unobstructed view into our low-riding sports car. I saw Anastasia glance around and take in the situation but then she looked straight ahead and, with no hesitation, brought her hands back to her chest to continue where she left off with her scantily-covered breast play.
Again I felt the slight panic of risk as I alternated between ogling my young friend and looking up at the minivan see if we were being observed. After a good minute of inattention the woman finally glanced around and over to us. Her gaze drifted down randomly into our car but I saw clearly the instant when she focused on Nastya and what she was doing. I watched her classic double take. I saw her glance towards her driver, her Soccer husband perhaps, until it seemed as though an invisible string pulled her head back towards Nastya. I recognized this as I knew that strong little string so well myself!
Before being caught I too looked straight ahead as if unaware of what was happening beside me. It was torture to not watch either the exhibition or the voyeurism but I resisted. Finally the light turned green and the traffic began to move. I turned quickly to my left and saw the women still staring down at Nastya's casual play. Suddenly she looked up and made full eye contact with me. I kept my face neutral, unlike the confused look on hers, and made sure I didn't look down or acknowledge my companion's activity. Nevertheless a tiny quantum message flashed between the two of us and then we were gone... Nastya gunned us around the Prius in front of the plodding Buick. I realized I hadn't checked to see if the old man had shared any of our (well Nastya's) little performance along with the Soccer Mom.
There were no more red lights or incidents and we approached our destination...
"Nice drive, Anastasia. Fix your skirt first and whatever buttons you can get before we get to the valets." I said as I clicked the vibrator control to level two, just enough to stop my little lover from falling too far off the boil after her in-car nipple play.
By the time we pulled up Nastya was mostly decent before she pushed the button and raised the roof. I got a kick out of watching the young car jockey take in and long smooth legs and short skirt while he held open her door, little knowing what he'd just missed. She knew the drill and she, not I, slid a deliberately unremarkable, yet generous, $5 tip into his shy hand.
She took my arm and we ascended the walkway towards the entrance. For no apparent reason - unless through some spooky, quantum entanglement - I looked back towards the parking lot and it was my turn to do the double take. Just arriving was a minivan and, as it passed one of the low level floodlights, I clearly saw the faces inside. Fuck my life, my new friend the soccer mom was arriving at the same restaurant.
I had an idea... of course...
"Anuska, once we get inside and see Dominic, make an excuse to go to the bathroom for five minutes", I said to her urgently.
Dominic, the Maitre'd was one of the reasons I frequented this restaurant. Refined and elegant on the outside, I knew his inner pervert and functioning alcoholism from years before, drinking after hours with him when he was the host of a lesser establishment downtown. He didn't need to know anything about Nastya and me but I grabbed a $100 bill from my wallet that would guarantee his no-questions-asked compliance with any level of weird requests from me.
Inside and, there he was, emerging from behind his Front of House lair like the smooth, imperial gatekeeper he was:
"Good evening Raymond, so good to see you!"
"Good evening Dominic, likewise. And you know my niece Anastasia, right?" I asked, slipping him the hundred into his handshake. Nastya, shook his hand too (the tip had already disappeard by magic) and played her part by making her polite restroom excuses.
As soon as she left: "Dominic, quick, show me the seating chart for the booths." I demanded.
He didn't bat an eyelid but ushered me behind his podium where I could see his computer screen, clicked a couple of buttons, and brought up the display that showed the state of tables in the area of the restaurant to which I referred.
It was an old restaurant that consisted of several building that had been joined together over the years to create the present day layout. The prime tables by the window, overlooking the water (where no doubt he had intended to seat us) were supplemented by the main (boring) restaurant floor area as well as a small, semi-detached section of booth seating where families with children, the less well-presented, or lovers seeking discretion, would usually be seated. The high-backed booths were staggered in such a way that the back of the rear-facing seats on the left row aligned with the back of the front-facing ones on the right. This fitted the maximum number of booths into the confined space and coincidentally added a little extra privacy for cross-aisle neighbors who were not directly aligned with each other.
The display showed me exactly what I wanted...
"Put me in 53", I said pointing to a suitable booth, "And, here's the weird part, there is a couple coming right behind us. She's blonde and attractive, he's... well I don't know... but, whatever, put them in 58 and do your best to get the woman facing the back."
Dominic looked at me with a mixture of curiosity and professional detachment. I quickly stepped away and began a close inspection of the interesting lobby art as if I was awaiting my companion in the restroom which, in fact, I was.
With my back to the entrance area I couldn't see if the woman had recognised me or not. Anyway I was much more sure that she would have recognized Nastya and her outfit which I why I had sent her away. I could clearly heard them interacting with Dominic.
"Madam, Sir, how are we this evening? Do we have a reservation for you tonight"
The "husband": "Hi, um, no, not really, uh, we were driving and looking around, and we read great reviews on your restaurant and we were, um, we just came right on over."
"Of course, Sir, I understand you completely. Let me look what we have available."
Luckily for my purposes the restaurant was fairly busy for a regular weekday evening.
"We have a lot of reservations tonight and none of our lovely waterside tables is available but we can certainly accommodate you this evening. Our food and our service is excellent wherever you sit. Perhaps you can call ahead of your next visit we can get you a beautiful view as well."
I laughed to myself that this lady had already been lucky with views tonight and, if I had anything to do with it, would not be disappointed with what was to come.
Soon after the couple was led off to their doom Nastya returned from the restroom. Dominic, (somehow understanding the careful timing that my plan required to look casual and unplanned) had taken them himself rather than delegate the task to his assistant.
I greeted Nastya with a smile and drew her attention to an interesting seascape painting, reinforcing our unhurried appearance while we waited for his return. When he came back he took an extra moment to make small talk with us. How was Anastasia and her school life? I was pretty sure he was well aware that, outfit notwithstanding, she was at college not elementary school but his friendly conversations were always carefully crafted to raise no indelicate topics.
Nastya, for her part, could pass easily for anything she chose from a teen to a grown women within a range of five to ten years that any particular situation demanded of her.
After a perfectly metered delay, Dominic picked up a set of menus for us and led us to our table. The couple was already settled in the correct booth, facing the correct direction, and talking to their designated server.
This man certainly earned his hundred dollar tip. I would not be at all surprised to find that he could determine any bill's denomination no matter how discreetly it was folded and passed.
As we walked up I observed that the husband was a pleasantly non-descript, kindly looking gent and I calculated that he could not see our booth from his seat without swivelling completely around. His wife, our soccer mom, on the other hand, had a clear view of one half of my chosen booth just as I had planned.
Dominic, assuming that I wanted to look at the woman, guided Anastasia into the first seat and me into the second. That wasn't the deal but I didn't need him to understand that. I waited until he walked out of sight, knowing we was unlikely to return for the duration ...
"Anastasia, my dear, let's change seats so that you aren't staring at the wall."
She didn't question me nor mention our unusual seating section. As we stood the small commotion caught the wife's attention and, when looked up and made eye contact with me, her jaw dropped for the second time that evening as recognition suddenly stuck her.
I sat down in Anastasia's vacated seat and that was the last time I'd be able to see Soccer Mom for a while. Hopefully, though, I could engineer a couple more of those jaw drop reactions for her via my little partner-in-crime Nastya.
Next, the attractive young waitress took our drink order and I couldn't resist a glance at her tight young ass and tits as she briefly fussed with the silverware on the table. I was familiar with the wine list and I ordered a favorite mid-range chardonnay of which which I knew my designated driver/exhibitionist would sip a sensible amount throughout the meal.
Soon we were alone to talk and I quickly filled Nastya in on the situation. Yes she was vaguely aware that the minivan woman might have seen her at the traffic light. "No fucking way, wow!" was her reaction to hearing that the blonde seated across from her was the very same woman. No, she'd be careful not to give away that she recognized her and, yes, she was the best girl and would do exactly what I told her.
How bizarrely lucky could one guy get, I wondered to myself for the ten-millionth time in recent years as Nastya took the entire situation in her stride. These situations seemed to drop in my lap with a certain regularity that made me question just what exactly someone had to do in a previous life to deserve all this in the present one.
Of course, such situations and luck had to be grasped with both hands when they arouse and to be exploited by the hard work of both myself or, more recently, by Team R & A.
"Feel free to play with your phone this evening, hun", I instructed, "Don't overdo it in a way that makes you look rude or bored. Just be a normal niece having a normal dinner with her perfectly normal, doting uncle."
Nastya grinned sarcastically at that last part and reached for her small clutch bag where her phone was located.
Talking of her phones suddenly reminded me of the remote in my pocket. Oops, I had neglected to stop her vibrator while she pee-ed, walked, and interacted with Dominic and the waitress. I discreetly retrieved the remote and set her bullet to off. She looked up from her menu and smiled at me like a contented cat who was temporarily sated with cream.
Over the next twenty or thirty minutes our appetites plus the wonderful food helped to distract me from what was to come. As she ate and glanced at her phone with just the right teenage frequency, Nastya would casually fill me in on what was happening around us.
"She keeps looking over at me." "She's drinking a lot of wine." She looks a little uneasy." "No one else is pay attention to us." "I just caught her eye and smiled at her." etc, etc.
This was going to be easier that I imagined!
When I saw that Nastya was mostly finished with her food and becoming a relaxed, "normal" little niece, I palmed the remote and set her all the way to the maximum, level ten. I worried that I'd overdone it when she sat bolt upright as though she was in an electric chair. I waited impatiently for a moment while she regained her composure.
"Nastya", I said, emphasising her short name, "I'm sure you're going to need to squirm around in your chair and open and close your thighs to deal with your little predicament. Feel free to discreetly touch your sensitive places from time to time if it helps. Don't worry if the nice lady behind me notices, she's already somewhat familiar with your indiscretions, but try not to cause a scene with the staff or other diners."
With that I pressed the "pattern" button to give her the enhancement of the stopping and starting, "stepped vibration" pattern. I fished out my own phone and held it to my ear with my left hand so that our friend could see me engrossed in some important phone call while appearing oblivious to Nastya's activities. Unseen by the woman, of course, I was watching her Oscar-worthy performance that, what with the pre-game fun, the vibrations, and the thrilling circumstances, didn't really require much acting ability on her part.
Nastya squirmed and gyrated barely within the limits of decency. Sometimes her arms were beneath the table, sometimes hands would emerge to graze a breast or nipplr, sometimes her head needed their support. A sheen of perspiration reflected from her forehead, visible even under the dim table lights. Level ten plus the step pattern was the "advanced course" even for someone as experienced as Anastasia.
I let this continue for a good five minutes and then pretended to finish my call. As an afterthought I looked up Dominic's number and sent him a quick text:
"Thanks Dom! You're the best! If you could possibly get the guy's name from his credit card and any other info on them? Sent whatever you find out to me when you get a chance. I owe you big time!"
I set down my phone and spoke quiety to Anastasia:
"Is she watching?"
She nodded affirmatively to me all the while doing a good impression of a sex-crazed nymphomaniac desperately trying to do a good impression of a normal little niece trying to respond to her completely normal Uncle Ray while being completely sex-crazed.
"Is it bothering her?"
An noncommittal head shake from Nastya.
"I mean in a good way?"
A clear: "Yes".
"Okay, let's try for the gold. Make solid eye contact with her and, when you have her attention, look cute or helpless or whatever works and indicate that you want her to follow you. Then get up and go to the ladies room. If she goes for it then just do whatever springs to mind. Improvise!"
In my line of work - and in my spare "pervert" time - I use a whole variety of simple tricks and methods to distract and misdirect people. And so I discreetly pressed a quick sequence of up and down volume buttons on my phone, took my hand away, and a few seconds later it began to make a ringtone sound. I picked it up and pretended to answer and so ignoring Nastya while she began her assigned task.
After a moment she touched my arm to get my attention and mouthed: "restroom". I acknowledged her distractedly and got back to my non-existant call but, in reality I was frantically fishing out the vibrator control before she would be out of range, I originally intending to turn off the high-intensity vibrations completely to help her concentrate on the task but, fuck it, in for a penny, in for level three just in case, I thought, and hit the appropriate button. It turned out later that Nastya had effortlessly used this to her advantage when working with Jean.
I really wanted to turn around to see if Jean had followed her but I resisted. Time dragged. I guzzled the remaining wine. I finished the last few bites of garlic-soaked lobster on my plate. My cock was almost painfully hard despite his earlier adventures. The waitress arrived at my elbow startling me. I told her we didn't need anything else and, hopefully without flaunting my well-tented dress pants, extracted my wallet and gave her my card so there was no unnecessary back and forth with the check.
I didn't want to been perving over my schoolgirl-outfitted "niece" but I didn't mind too much with the cute waitress and so I turned around as if perv the departure of her cute ass. I didn't need much acting ability for this as it really was perv-worthy and, as a tantalizing bonus, Soccer Mom's seat was empty. Yes!
When the cute ass, perky tits, check, and credit card returned I added a generous cash tip rather than the ridiculous one suggested by my little cock friend. The paper work was retrieved, pleasantries exchanged, and still no sign of Nastya.
Finally after what must have been a total of ten minutes, Nastya appeared at my elbow. She took in the freshly cleared table and made the correct call as usual...
"You're ready? Cool, me too, come on let's make like a sheep!" She giggled, deliciously messing up the usual saying.
I stood and turned and there was the Soccer Mom back in her seat, looking flushed and maybe a little dishevelled. She broke from what she was saying to her husband and met my eyes for the third, mild, electric shock of the night. I returned her gaze and said a casual "Good evening" as we passed by their booth.
As we left, Dominic's expression gave nothing away but our: "See you soon" and "Have a good night" salutations surely hid an undercurrent of curiosity on his part. Still giggling like schoolgirls we retrieved the car from the valets (Dominic, ever the perfect host, had already magically caused it to appear at the bottom of the steps with the top already retracted). Nastya tipped them once again, as was part of her driving job.
As we settled in and fastened our seatbelts I checked to see if the young guys were paying close attention and they were not.
"Anastasia, skirt up, buttons out, and this time you can play with your pussy at the lights." I instructed, while switching off the vibrator for safety reasons (rather than setting it back to ten as my cock was suggesting).
As we drove slowly through the surface streets, Nastya began to fill me in on what had happened in the restroom. She disobeyed me by immediately beginning to rub herself as she spoke without waiting for any kind of stop light. When I looked more closely, I was surprised to see a pair of white panties covering her mound while bare tits were exposed through the open blouse. No leotard, huh!
"So I waited in the ladies room and she came in right behind me. Her name is Jean by the way. She looked so scared and unsettled that I had to turn things around right away and make her be the adult. I told her I needed her help but I was so embarrassed to tell her what was wrong. By the time I made my lip tremble I had her eating out of my hand and telling me not to worry, that she'd help me whatever it was. To cut a long story short I just told her I had a vibrator in my va-jay-jay, that I'd made a big mess in my underwear, and I was scared that my Uncle Joe would find out. We immediately went into the big stall and I whipped off my skirt and blouse and handed them to her before she could object. I slowly pulled down my leotard and she stared at my bare titties - kinda like the way you like to do - then I pretended to be mortified until she actually told me to 'go on' and I stripped all the way down until my messy wet pussy was out. I handed the leo to her as well, kinda putting it on top of the other things, up near her face. I even managed to have it inside-out with the gooey crotch facing up!"
"Nice touch." I agreed.
At this point Nastya fingers were all over her pussy and rubbing her tits but her driving wasn't noticeably affected. I really didn't want us to get pulled over for something stupid like swerving or blowing through a stop sign but she continued both to play and relive her adventure:
"I took a paper towel a cleaned up some of the mess from my pussy and ass. Then I got myself upset again and explained to Jean that I was an idiot and that I couldn't turn off the vibrator until I got home. I told her that I didn't know how I was going to sit in the car without making another mess right on the seats. By this stage she was a total zombie and, I took her hand and put it right on my pussy so she could feel the vibrations. Well, I didn't care if she could feel the vibrations but she could definitely feel my wet pussy! Then I had a great idea and told her she was so slim and maybe I could borrow her panties? With one hand holding my clothes, she just reached up her dress, pulled off her thong, and handed it to me. I was a bad girl cos I held it up in front of me and looked at it and we both could see a damp patch. I even brought it up to my face and took a quick sniff before I bent over, with my ass to her of course, and pulled them on. They were just about one size too big, so I took my time pretending to arrange them properly and, maybe, I touched myself once or twice unnecessarily. Then while I put my clothes back on I begged her to take my messy leotard with her because she had a pocket book while I only had my tiny purse."
Damn, what a partner in crime! What kind of monster had I created? Or found? I so wanted to pull out my cock and jerk it while she recounted the story but nobody wants to catch a middle-aged me doing that in an open car, right?
"As if it was a completely normal thing to do, she bundled up my leo into her pocket book!"
Damn, Nasty Nastya even knew how to tell a good dirty story and this one was an all-time great.
"... then we were just standing looking at each other so I hugged her and kissed her right on the lips. I thought that giving her the tongue might freak her the fuck out, so I just held the kiss for a count of five. Then we got out of the stall and checked ourselves in the mirror. 'You need to fix your lipstick' I said, rubbing my lips with the back of my hand and said I had to go.'"
She paused from fingering herself for a moment to show me the back of her hand where a bright smear of red lipstick confirmed her story. Fawk!
"Then I thought of you, Uncle Raymond, and I had a little idea... I turned back to her and said: 'Shit, someone's gonna wonder where my favorite leotard went.' I did the poor little scared girl act again and then I said: 'Quick, give me your phone number and maybe we can figure out someway to mail it back to me or something.' I pulled out my phone and made her tell me her number while I typed it in. Her name is Jean and I'm Julia."
"Ta da!" She declared to finish up the story and indicated the treasure within her purse.
"Ta fucking da Nastya! That's the coolest fucking thing I've ever heard!"
"Mmm, thanks Uncle Ray, did I do well? Am I your best girl Uncle Raymond?"
"Damn fucking straight Anastasia, you're the best fucking, craziest, sukcha on the whole fucking planet! I really do love you, hun."
We reached the highway and Nastya needed to concentrate more and at speed conversation was more difficult anyway. We were less than ten minutes from home when my phone vibrated. It was a message from the resourceful Dominic:
"Got Business card: Dan Tomlinson, Sales Mgr for Smith Business Supplies out of..."
You don't need to know his actual city, about two hundred miles from ours. A second message followed:
"Bonus info: In town for a conference all week - starts tomorrow. They're staying at The Grand. You fucking owe me - Dom"
I pecked out a reply that he was the best ever and that he could have my first born or something like that. By the time I was done we were in our own neighborhood and just minutes from home. Nastya didn't need any stop lights to return to her increasingly enthusiastic masturbation. We pulled into the garage the door closed behind us.
"Nastya, on the workbench right now!" I growled.
We'd fucked on that very same workbench just last week but that was the middle of the day and with the garage door open for extra kicks (but partially blocked by our cars for sanity). This time was because I couldn't wait another second to be inside her. She swiped onto the floor a couple of tools I'd forgotten to put away, pulled her blouse over her head, threw it with the tools, and lay back on the cold hard wood. She spread her gymnastically trained legs wide in mid air.
Stepping up I sucked roughly at the crotch of her borrowed panties. She was so wet and scentful that only my imagination could taste the previous owner on them. I rubbed my cock across their surface once or twice but this was no time for any subtleties. I just pulled them aside and penetrated her and, in less than a minute, I was spilling my third and best load of the day deep inside. As often happens with us, she came too as soon as my cum jetted into her and you can't fake the orgasmic contractions of a tight young vagina as it spasms around your cock.
I staggered backwards against the hood of my own vehicle, waiting for my middle-aged legs to report that they were capable of ambulation again. My amazing Anastasia pulled the famous panties up and over her pussy, climbed down from the bench, and knelt before me to clean off my cock.
Fuck my fucking life.
We got ourselves inside and sat at the table to talk some more about our amazing day. I grabbed my laptop as we spoke in less than five minutes I had the information I wanted. Jean and Dan Tomlinson were in room number 1510 at The Grand.
"Anastasia, my pet, your last little idea with getting the phone number and stuff give me an idea. Would you be interested at all in seeing Jean again?"
"Absolutely. I think she is pretty cool. And hot! She's a complete and naturally submissive. I could have hours of fun with her!"
"I tell you what, keep those panties on overnight. Stay in your own room tonight and don't 'bother' me in the morning..."
By that, of course, I meant, please, please don't risk wearing me out with one of your mind-blowing, Good Morning blowjobs.
"We'll need to be up a dressed and out of here by nine. Then, let's see if maybe we can retrieve your 'favorite leotard' before you get in trouble with your mean uncle."
It was her turn to be impressed with one of my ideas and after a lengthy, teen-worthy, make out session we retreated to our separate rooms where I set an alarm for 7:30 AM.
At this stage of my life I tried to restrict the use of an alarm clock to catching flights for vacations and/or perverted plans such as tomorrow's. And besides, on many days as I hinted above, my preferred wake up alarm was a pair of soft lips attending to my morning wood.
By nine the next morning we were out the door, showered and lightly fed. I in jeans and T-shirt and Nastya in a cute summer dress beneath which I knew she was naked. Plus a pair of well used "share panties" in a ziplock bag in her purse.
Instructed by me, Anastasia had activated one of our spare "burner" phones, labeled it "Julie & Joe for Jean", and used it to send a text message its target recipient:
"Hi Jean, this is Julia. I might be able to meet up with you when my Uncle leaves around 10:00. Let me know xxx"
There hadn't been a reply as yet which could mean anything from "busted" to "bullshit" but hopefully just due to something like: "Oh my God! We never talked about meeting up. She said something about the mail! Or was it the mall?"
Traffic downtown was light and by 9:55 we were parked beneath The Grand and walking through the lobby to the elevator bank as if we owned the place. No one paid any attention to us.
My plan, ballsy I'll admit, was that by 10:00 AM hubby should already be at his conference and Jean just might be having a slower start, perhaps still playing over the previous night's freakiness in her head, and wondering what to do about "Julie".
As per my usual luck, room 1510 was right next to the emergency stairwell where I could stand back unseen and yet hear what was said at the doorway. If there was a problem with the plan, I doubted if Dan would recognize her and I had faith in her ability to BS her way out of almost anything. I stepped back and she knocked.
After a moment, the door opened: "Oh, Julie, it's you?" Said a nice but shaky voice.
"Oh Jean, I found you, thank God! Is anyone else here, can I come in?"
"Um, yes, um, I'm here by myself at the moment, um, my husband is at a conference but he'll be back at lunchtime, at twelve."
This was our cue, the babbled words were quite promising. Jean wanted to see "Julia", her fear was just about being caught. Nastya, took it smoothly:
"Oh, thank goodness, thank you, we can come in..." she said, pretty much as a statement.
My cue, and I stepped up to the doorway as though I'd been beside my troublesome little niece all along. Jean looked terrified at this development but she didn't resist us and we gently ushered her inside.
I immediately saw that things were even better than I hoped. Jean's hair was still wet from a shower and her short "luxury" hotel robe showcased a nice amount of ample cleavage and long, smooth legs. Before she could compose herself Nastya stepped up and gave her a big hug and I spoke for the first time.
"Good morning Mrs Tomlinson, I'm so sorry to inconvenience you but my step-niece..."
I paused, I really liked that little touch...
"...Julia, tells me that she had to get your assistance with a delicate matter at the restaurant last night."
"I, uh, I, yes, I..." she began and a deep blush worked its way down from her face, neck, and under the contrasting white robe.
"I'm so sorry, Jean", I said, cutting her off, "Julia sometime does the craziest things and gets herself in the strangest of predicaments. I do try to keep her on the straight and narrow but she's a young healthy girl, really a good young girl, and so I try hard not to criticize what she does with the privacy of her own body... but when other people such as yourself get caught up in her extra curricular affairs I sometimes have to step in and stop her from putting herself in danger or inconveniencing someone else..."
I kinda liked this little ad lib speech so far and it seemed to be keeping Jean off balance: "Wait, what, how does he know my last name? What exactly is he talking about?" She just looked at me uncomprehendingly but showed no imminent tendency to run away screaming to security.
So I continued...
"We also have some, um, "property" of yours to return..."
With that I took the small ziplock bag from my pocket (I had remembered to ask Nastya for it when we were in the elevator) and poor Jean's blush noticeably deepened.
"I have to apologize that we didn't take time to launder this... um these... for you and I imagine, you being in a hotel, you might have had a similar problem with the leotard."
"Yes, no, the leo..."
To pile on the pressure I unzipped the baggie and carefully removed the contents as I spoke. I examined the panties carefully, holding them for all of us to see, and put the empty bag back in my pocket. I was sorely tempted but I didn't quite have the balls to sniff them as Nastya had done.
Jean took a small step towards me in a half-hearted effort to get the offending article out of my hand but I made no effort to hand them over.
"Nas... Julia," I said almost screwing up the fake name, "You're a very lucky girl that Mrs Tomlinson was there to help you out last night."
Turning to Soccer Mom: "Jean, do you have the little leotard here?"
"Uh, yes sir, of course, uh, let me..."
She'd called me "Sir"? That was a nice development!
She hurried over to a credenza drawer, pulled it open and searched beneath her own neatly folded clothes, and quickly found and retrieved Nastya's dirty leotard, handling it as if it was a much-improved version of the Underwear Bomber's Y-fronts.
Interesting, I noted, Jean had likely hidden the leotard from hubbie and so it was likely that she had failed to mention anything of the entire incident to him.
Still holding her panties, I stepped forward, took the leotard, and examined it somewhat less thoroughly than the panties but enough to wrinkle my nose at the gooey mess that remained in the crotch. I handed it over to Nastya...
"Jean, as I said, I try not to get too involved with Julia's hormone-driven urges..."
(like hell I didn't)
"...but when she bothers other people like yourself, or causes me to be involved, then there has to be some kind of consequences. Last night after she confessed the whole sordid story I had to mildly punish her and, as a follow-up today, when she asked me what to wear I told her she wasn't allowed any underthings until she had retrieved the ones she had so carelessly left floating around the city last night."
Jean's eyes widened as she took all this in but Nastya spoke up first, with just the right hint of shyness in her voice:
"Going without underwear isn't too much of a punishment. And neither was what you did when you found out last night!"
"Julia! You're incorrigible! No matter how horny you are all the time you can't be disrespectful to your elders. Here, just for that you can just bloody wear this disgusting thing for the rest of the day!" I said throwing the leotard toward her.
"And while we're at it, Jean, you haven't really set a glorious example to my young step-niece either. What kind of woman secretly gives her most intimate garments to a young girl and then makes out with her in a toilet cubicle like a teenager!"
"I... I... I didn't... I didn't mean to... I..." Jean stuttered.
"I think you should both wear your own messy underwear for the remainder of the day to help you think about the way you've behaved with each other." I interrupted her sternly.
"But I... but you can't..."
"But what Jean? 'But' I should tell Dan and let him decide how to punish you? 'But' does Dan really need to find out what you've be up to with my young charge? No 'buts', Jean, please."
"Noooo! Please don't tell anyone!" She wailed.
"Then, here, put these on right now." I said, finally handing her back the panties, "Both of you!"
Nastya, immediately complied, pulling her dress over her head and tossing it on the unmade bed. She stood naked before us in all her glory causing Jean to stare like a cannibal beside his first hot tub, before bending over and picking up the leotard.
Jean hesitated for one of the most important seconds of her life and then her natural submissiveness kicked in. She simply stepped into the panties and pulled them up her long legs. The robe gaped and displayed a flash of the neatly trimmed pubis and smooth, tight labia below.
"Wait!" I said freezing them both. Nastya still standing naked and Jean, bent over, holding the panties around her calves. The short belt gave way, the robe opened wide, and her delicious plump, Soccer Mom breasts spilled into view for the first time. But, all credit to her, she remained frozen and made no attempt to cover up.
"Explain to me again, what are you two miscreants going to feel today?"
"Very sorry sir." Said Jean.
"Very messy and very sorry Uncle Joe!" Said Nastya, not messing up the fake names as I had almost done before.
"Yes, indeed, girls. Sorry and covered in your own mess. And, I hope, a little wiser for the whole experience!"
"Well, Uncle Joe, it's not really all our own mess at this point. I think everyone's mess has got a little mixed up by now."
"Yes indeed, Julia. You are quite right." I replied, softening my tone (but not my hard dick). "You can both wallow in our mixed messes and think about what you've done. Oh, and, speaking of messes, what about what you've done to me. Both of you."
Nastya grinned at this while Jean just looked confused.
"Here I am running around the city in my spare time, dealing with cute little naked girls and their underthings, with an erection in my pants, trying not to make a mess in my own underwear... No thanks to the two of you!"
I worried for a second that I had gone too far but, at this point, Jean was in no state to protest anything no matter how bizarre things had become. Her gaze dropped directly to my tented crotch. She straightened up but made no attempt to cover herself. She looked quite amazing with the open robe and the panties bunched around her knees. She didn't have a clue what to say or think but Nastya stepped in gracefully:
"Um, maybe you could punish her a little like your did to me last night Uncle Joe and then you'd be able to concentrate on your busy day?"
"That might work, Julia. That's a good idea."
"Jean, let's try that if you don't mind. Just lie back on your bed. I'll be nice and gentle with you too and in a minute we'll all be back to normal as if none of this had ever happened."
And, fuck me, she just did as she was told. She stepped back and lay down on the bed, the robe wide open, and the well-used panties still around her knees. I couldn't believe my eyes but I certainly wasn't going to look a gift submissive in the mouth.
I quickly shucked off my shoes, pants, and briefs (but left on my socks and T-shirt to facilitate any quick escape or, perhaps, just to keep my middle-aged torso covered up). I instructed Nastya to get on the bed and help Jean with "the punishment position".
I was sure my naked little co-conspirator would invent some such "position" and indeed she did.
By the time my cock had sprung out, looking around for his fun, sorry, I mean for Jean's punishment, Nastya had jumped on the bed and was standing astride Jean's head and reaching for her ankles. Compliant Jean showed some flexibility of her own and raised them up for Nastya to grasp and hold. Nastya whipped off the half-mast panties to better spread the legs wide apart.
I gazed in wonder at the lewdly displayed pussy and asshole and, much to my cock's dismay, I couldn't resist a little taste of both. Finally, when he could wait no longer for the main fun (I mean punishment) process, I rose to do the selfless deed. To perfect the scene in front of me, Nasty Nastya was now squatting naked over Jeans face, grinding her pussy on her mouth, and playing with her big beautiful tits.
Jean was dripping wet due to her own arousal as much as to my oral explorations. I couldn't resist touching my cock on her fully exposed asshole just to see her reaction (interesting she flinched beneath Nastya but not as much as I might have expected) and then I sunk him swiftly and fully inside her. She wasn't so tight like my little Nastya but she still felt great when she clamped around me. So warm, wet and inviting. Indeed, her comparative looseness allowed me to fuck her more furiously that I would have ever dared if Nastya was in the same position and same early stage of the process.
None of us, I guessed, would last very long at this point.
I tried to go deeper still and to angle myself upwards towards where her g-spot would be located. This got a muffled but audible reaction from her, confirming that my aim was good. But the extra weight on my knees was causing the mattress to sag causing a cell phone to slide towards me and contact my left kneecap with a bump. Once again, I had a little idea.
I pushed my cock all the way in and held it there while examining the phone. It was at the lock screen but I wouldn't be thwarted by something a silly the PIN code of a natural submissive whit a cock buried deep in her cunt.
"Jean, what's your phone's PIN number?"
"Uhh, uh, ump..." she said, after the briefest of hesitations, and Nastya began to raise up to let us hear what she said.
"No need to get up, Julia, let Jean tell you with her tongue and you can pass it on to me. I'll stop fucking her till she's done."
To encourage her (and perhaps more honestly, to relive my middle-aged muscle tone) I withdrew the tip of my penis to the entrance to her vagina and held my position there.
Nastya grinned at me and I began to punch in the numbers as they were relayed to me via Jean's tongue in her pussy. These girls caught on to my perversions quickly.
"Four... five... um, six, no, seven... three..."
Yes, success, the screen cleared and I was in. My little hard friend reminded me to uphold my side of the deal and I began to stroke into her again while I opened the camera app. I snapped several photos of the three of us embedded in each other in our various ways and passed the phone to Nastya to do the same from her vantage point.
My orgasm arrived quickly thereafter. I threw the phone aside and sent spurt after spurt deep inside her. I hoped she would have had the decency to inform me if she had a problem with that but there was no cunnilingual morse code relayed by Nastya to confirm or deny.
Nastya, seeing me cum, reached for me and ground down on Jean's face. She kissed me hard while she followed my orgasm with an extensive one of her own.
I actually never found out, that day or thereafter, if Jean came during this process.
Once spent, I didn't want hang around for any more hugs and kisses. The bedside clock said it was now almost eleven and I wanted no risk of bumping into an unexpectedly-early Dan. I did however have a moment to spare when Nastya knelt before me and cleaned the mixed messes off my cock. Jean sat up and stared at this development.
I just grinned and said: "Step-niece", with emphasis on the "step" part.
As Jean remained sitting, dishevelled and stunned, I picked up her panties and helped her into them. She raised her hips and helped pull them into position without objection.
Meanwhile Anastasia was scrambling into her messy leotard and discarded dress (I wouldn't have minded if she'd stayed naked underneath and thrown it in the garbage but it really was her favorite).
As I pulled on my pants I went for one last play...
"Jean, is Dan likely to be interested in fucking you for lunch?"
"Well, possibly, yes, he likes to fuck me as often as I let him. I, um, might not usually think about letting him if we were at home but we're in a nice romantic hotel, so it might not be too strange."
"And does he like eat your pussy, Jeannie?"
"Well, he does like to but I don't always encourage him very much."
"Okay, well today, I'd like you to encourage him. In fact, I'd like you to have him lie down on this bed and for you to sit on his face like Julia did to you. Wearing these little panties. Keep your phone near, sit on his face and take a couple of photos when he can't see. Let him lick your panties nice and wet and then pull them aside and let him lick your pussy. Don't wash up or anything before lunch. Give him a big horny greeting when he comes in, strip off your robe, seduce him with your tongue in his mouth, and share a little of Julia sweet gift with him."
"But, but, what about..." she said, indicating her sopping vagina still filled with my cum.
"Oh, don't worry about that, Jean, it doesn't bother me at all. Think of as another part of your lesson. About how to behave in the ladies room around hot young girls. Give Dan a little share of your lesson materials whether he knows to appreciate them or not because I know for sure he'll appreciate the sharing process."
"And when you get time to yourself again, sent the photos take to Julia's number. I don't really care if you keep your own copy or delete them."
I knew none of our faces were in the photos I had taken. Ours anonymous by design and Jeans by virtue of Nastya's crotch smothering her face!
"If you do all that Jeanie, then I think we can put this behind us and Dan never needs to know anything about the whole incident, okay?"
With that she looked a little less worried and Anastasia and I bent over the bed and hugged her tightly between us. We both took one last moment to kiss her hard on the mouth and this time we didn't hesitate to use tongues. By this point it wasn't too surprising when she responded eagerly in kind.
With that we quickly exfiltrated the room leaving her still sitting, half-naked on the bed, her face a nice mixture of shock and exhilaration.
"That was so fun, Uncle Joe!" Said Anastasia when we reached the elevator. "I hope we can play with Aunty Jean again sometime!"
"It certainly was Dear Step-niece", I replied, "and if you keep being such a smart, good, girl, I'll see what I can arrange."
We made our escape from The Grand without incident and took a long, hot shower together when we got home. The leotard was laundered at last and remained a favorite of hers for years. I don't recall where it went in the end but I'm pretty sure it never had such a wonderful adventure again.