Author's Notes: -
Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this.. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
V
*****
Wednesday went slow as I was constantly anticipating what I hoped would happen that evening. I had to keep going to the ladies room to dry my pussy and I left a wet patch on the seat on the train.
As I walked to the rugby ground I saw another girl walking in the same direction but a little ahead of me. I watched her little skirt bounce up and down giving me glimpses of her bare butt. I wondered if she was wearing a thong or going commando like me. I wondered if I was giving the same view to the people behind me.
I smiled to myself as the girl turned into the rugby club entrance. My suspicions were confirmed when I joined her at the locked door of the clubhouse.
"Hi, I'm Millie, you here for the cheerleading?"
"Yes, Clara, are you cheerleading as well?"
"Yep. I think that Duke will be here soon."
"Duke, is he the guy that interviewed me?"
"Probably, he interviewed me on Sunday morning. Then I stayed for the game."
"So did you put that skimpy match uniform on?"
"He showed you them as well then. Yes, then I wore the nothing clubhouse uniform to get introduced to the guys."
"He wasn't joking about being naked in the clubhouse then?"
"Nope. Is that going to be a problem for you Clara?"
"Fuck no. That's why I'm here. I just love being naked with lots of men around me."
"Me too."
"So did you fuck any of the team Millie?"
"No but I promised one of the players who's still a virgin that he could fuck me tonight. I did tell them all that I'd give them a blowjob if they scored any point during a game, and they won."
"Did they win on Sunday?"
"It didn't look like they were going to until I told them about the blowjobs at half time but they got their act together in the second half and I gave 5 of them blowjobs."
"I hope that a lot of them score on Sunday."
"So do I. There's supposed to be a third girl joining us, have you met her Clara?"
"No but I did see 2 of the girls that Duke rejected. I think that each of them weighed as much as you and me together."
"Bloody hell Millie, we don't want any fat or ugly girls."
"I don't think that we need worry about that, not if that girl is the third one that Duke told me was coming."
I nodded towards the carpark, to the slim blonde that was walking our way. She too was wearing a very short skirt that bounced around as she walked.
"Hi, are you here for the cheerleading?" I asked when she got close to us.
"Yes."
"Hi, I'm Millie and this is Clara. I guess that we are the cheerleading squad."
"Hi, I'm Payton. Pleased to meet you. I was expecting to meet that guy who interviewed me on Sunday, Duke I think his name was."
Just then a car pulled into the carpark and Duke got out.
"That's him." Payton said.
"Yeah, that's Duke."
Ten seconds later Duke walked up.
"Good evening girls, nice to see that you're eager to get you kit off. Come on in and get changed into your clubhouse uniform then we can talk about cheer routines."
"You mean get naked?"
"Yes, your clubhouse uniforms, remember?"
"Oh yes." Payton replied.
"Good, snap to it."
I led Payton and Clara to the 'Home' changing room and we quickly found an empty locker each and got naked. I was pleased to see that neither Clara nor Payton wore any knicker, and that they had completely bald pussies, just like mine. I couldn't help seeing that Clara's tits were about the same size as mine, i.e. small; and Payton's weren't much bigger, maybe a 'B' cup.
As we stripped I asked them if they'd done any cheering before. When they both said that they hadn't I said.
"Well that's 3 of us, but I did do a bit of gymnastics as school."
"I've watched some videos on YouTube." Clara said.
"I like getting naked." Payton said.
You can't have much of a conversation when all you have to take off is a top and a skirt, and the 3 of us were soon walking out to the main room.
"Wow Coach, you really know how to pick them, they're gorgeous." The first of the players to arrive said.
"Hands off Ben; they have to start getting their act together tonight. You lot can get your grubby mitts on them after the practice."
"Hmm, that sounds nice." Payton said.
"Right girls," Duke said, "we're not expecting competition quality cheers, just dancing about, spreading your legs and making a lot of noise when the guys need to push. I'm not an expert in this area so can you get together and try to come up with something? Help yourself to a drink but don't get pissed. You're not much use if you can't even stand and I don't want to have to take a pissed girl home. I'll leave you to sort something out."
"Duke," I said, "Have you considered some sort of Haka, you know, the New Zealand rugby team's chant that they do at the start of the game to try to intimidate the opposition."
"Hmm, intimidate? Maybe we could just carry you 3 around with your legs spread wide letting them see your pussies and see what they're missing."
"That could hardly be called intimidation, more like trying to disable them by giving them all hard-ons." Clara said.
"Ha, true Clara." Duke replied. "I'll think about that and talk to the lads and see what they think. Thanks for that Millie."
The 3 of us got a drink and went and sat in a corner to talk.
We started by establishing what we thought was the purpose of the team having some cheerleaders. We all agreed that it was to encourage the team to play better and win.
"So does that mean that we agree to fuck them all if they win?" Payton asked.
"No, that would be too easy." I replied. "Nice, but too easy. Men respond to being teased. They like to get glimpses of our goodies and think that there's a chance that they can get their hands on them. They love the chase and being tease."
"They love a cock tease." Clara added.
"Yes," I continued. "And girls love teasing men. You may not have realised it Payton but that's why you, and us two, arrived here wearing micro skirts, and no knickers. We like teasing men by 'accidentally' flashing our goodies to them. It's all a game, one big game that gives us all a lot of pleasure."
"So we have to flash our goodies to the guys while we're out there." Clara replied.
"Yes. Okay, we can tell them that they will get a blowjob if they score points and they win, but we have to save the ultimate for something that is difficult to achieve. Like scoring double figure points and winning."
"Are you saying that we can't fuck them?" A dejected looking Payton asked.
"No, the occasional fuck is good for everyone. What I'm saying is that we should do more teasing than fucking. That way the guys will do more lusting and hopefully play better and win."
"I guess that that makes sense." Payton said. "So what do we do? What do we put in our routine?"
"Things that just give quick flashes of our pussies and tits." Clara said.
"Yes." I replied; "we keep the full on nudity and letting them grope us and giving them blowjobs for in here and in the changing room."
"What about letting them eat our pussies?" Payton asked.
"Not out on the field Payton." Clara replied.
"Well not during a game." I added.
After a pause I continued,
"So, does anyone have any ideas?"
"Yeah, can you help me move some of these tables please?" Clara replied.
As we stood up I looked around and saw about 8 or 9 of the team. Some had been and got changed and others hadn't got beyond looking at the 3 naked girls. As soon as we started moving chairs, all of them rushed to help us; some brushing up against us.
Just as we'd got enough space Duke appeared.
"Put those back guys, the girls can practice outside on the grass. It'll be softer if they fall. Girls, your practice uniforms are over there."
We 3 looked at each other, smiled then walked over to where the skirts were. As I put one on I smoothed the front down and was pleased to go passed the hem of the material and onto my pubic bone. I looked at Payton and Clara and could see the front of their slits.
We walked outside, passed Duke who said,
"What about pumps?"
"We'll bring some on Sunday." Clara said.
And we continued to an area alongside the pitch, closely followed by those members of the team who had already got changed.
There, Clara started to do a few moves, cartwheels and backflips and the likes.
"We can't just do those; we need to include some standing up, shouting words of encouragement, chanting the team's name and a load other things that I can't think of." I said.
"I don't think that I can do a backflip." Payton said.
We spent the next half hour or so working on a routine then Duke came over and said,
"Good start girls. Take a break from that one and think of something that you can do to distract the opposition. Something that you do standing behind our team's touchline, something that shows a lot of pussy."
We all grinned and Clara said,
"Now were talking."
There was no shortage of ideas for things that we could do with at least one of our pussies spread wide. Duke was still there and Payton turned to him and asked,
"Can we play with our pussies, or with another girl's pussy?"
"I don't see why not. Have you got something in mind?"
"Maybe, leave it with us."
Duke walked off with a smile on his face.
We spent the next half hour with at least one of our pussies spread wide at all times. At one point Jake came over and asked us to turn round because we were distracting the team too much.
A while later most of the team came over and said that practice was over and that it was shower time.
"Oh goody, I've got mud all over my hands and knees, do you think that the guys will wash it off for me?" Payton said.
"And your butt." Jake said as he grabbed one of Payton's butt cheeks.
Payton squealed then said,
"Naughty, naughty, you're supposed to wait until you're invited to do that."
"No we're not, you're here; that's permission enough."
"Oh; I like that." Payton replied.
"Payton, Clara, meet Jake, the team captain." I said. Hands went out to shake.
"Pleased to meet you Jake," Payton said, "You've got a firm hand; I bet that it's a great spanking hand."
Clara was about to say something but she stopped and there was a couple of seconds silence as everyone thought about what Payton had just said.
Did she like being spanked?
Was she expecting to get spanked?
Did I want to get spanked?
Would I like to be spanked?
Could we incorporate some spanking into our routine?
All those questions went through my brain in those couple of seconds. I hadn't been spanked since I was a little girl. My daddy's hand was the last one to land on my butt when I was 8 and had been a naughty girl. All that I could remember about it was that it hurt.
What would it feel like now that I was 3 times that age? I decided to talk to Payton and Clara about it when we were alone.
"Let's go and shower." Clara said.
"With the guys?" Payton asked.
"Is there any other way?" I replied.
As we walked back to the clubhouse some of the guys ran over to us and picked us up. One put Payton over his shoulder, fireman lift style, her butt and pussy on display for all to see. Another picked Clara up in his arms, her butt and pussy on display as well; and 2 came up behind me and scooped me up so that I was sat on 2 arms with my arms round their shoulders. Their spare arms reached for my legs and spread them wide.
As with me the previous Sunday, we were carried into the showers, only pausing for them to remove our skirts. As that was happening Clara shouted,
"Remember girls; it wasn't a proper game so no fucking and no blowjobs."
The guys were all over us and hard cocks were rubbing against us all the time.
We hadn't agreed that there weren't to be any hand jobs and we hadn't agreed that we wouldn't stop the guys eating our pussies; and that's what happened.
Without us getting the chance to get dried we were carried to the benches and we each had our pussies eaten numerous times whilst we gave hand jobs. Each of us getting numerous loads on man cum sprayed on us.
"So do we go out there completely naked?" Payton asked after we'd had a second shower and got dried.
"I'm going to, besides, didn't Duke show you the clubhouse uniform?" I asked.
"Well yes, but I assumed that he was joking." Payton replied.
"He wasn't, so let's go and get some drinks bought for us and get the guys to do some serious groping. Let's see how many times they can make us cum."
As we went round the room getting to know the guys and them getting to know our tits and pussies, one of the guys said,
"When you were out there with all that mud on your hands and knees, you looked like you'd just been fucked doggy style."
That gave me an idea; could we include a section where on girl lays on her back on the grass, legs wide open and pointing to the pitch. A second girl could kneel over her 69 style whilst the third could stand behind the second girl and fuck her with a dildo. If that didn't distract the opposition then nothing would. I decided to talk to Clara and Payton later.
After about 20 minutes Zac came over to me and reminded me what I'd said on the Wednesday evening. I'd sort of forgotten about what I'd said and had a little dilemma. On the one hand I wanted to help Zac get over his problem but on the other hand I wanted the encouragement of the 'no fucking unless we win' rule.
I decided that there would have to be exceptions and virgin players had to be one of them. I stood up, grabbed Zac's hand and said,
"Come with me."
I led Zac to the back of the room and pulled 2 tables together.
"Get 'em off Zac." I said,
"What?"
"Get you clothes off Zac."
As Zac was stripping Clara and Payton came over.
"He's a virgin," I said to them, "and we're going to resolve that problem."
"Hmm goody." Clara said.
"About time." Payton said.
"Get on the table Zac." I commanded.
I climbed up and squat down over his cock.
As I held his cock and lowered myself down onto it, I looked around to see that everyone else in the room had gathered around. It didn't take long for either of us to cum, Zac probably because it was his first time and me because I'd got really horny being naked around all those guys.
I sat down on Zac's cock as he shot his load deep inside me, then when it was all over I stood up then climbed off the table saying,
"He's all yours girls."
Payton was the first to use her mouth to get Zac hard again then climb onto the table to fuck him.
Meanwhile, I found a smiling Duke and said that we needed sort out some rules about sex.
"Okay, let's get together when those 2 have finished with poor Zac. I don't know if he'll survive the day after you 3 have had your way with him."
"Yeah, right; can I have a drink please Duke?"
About 15 or 20 minutes later, us 3 girls sat at a table with Duke and I started the conversation,
"We're going to have to make some rules about sex girls."
"What do you mean?" Payton replied. "You're not saying that we can't have sex with these guys are you? Because if you are I'm off; I came here to get fucked."
"Don't worry Payton, you'll get fucked alright. It's just a case of when. You've got to remember that we're trying to encourage the guys to win out on the pitch not just have an orgy here each Wednesday evening and Sunday."
"That's right Mille," Duke added, "I have no problem with any of you having any sort of sex anywhere here but what Millie says is right. We got you 3 in to give the lads some incentive to play well and just having an orgy twice a week isn't what we had in mind."
The 4 of us spent the next 15 or 20 minutes discussing just what the incentives would be, and what was outside the scope of the incentives. One thing that I'd forgotten about is that the Backs, Full backs and the Three-quarters don't get many opportunities to score so it wouldn't be fair if only the Forwards got to fuck us. In the end we agree on: -
If the team anything goes.
If they don't win but tried very hard, the 3 players who played their best get a blowjob. The rest of the team to decide which 3 played their best.
If they don't win and the whole team's performance was rubbish then no one gets anything.
Outside the scope of the above: -
Showering with the team.
Girl-on-girl action.
Special events e.g. birthdays or virgin new members.
Pussy eating by team members - this is classed as rewarding the cheerleaders not the team members.
Cheerleader groping by team members - this is classed as rewarding the cheerleaders not the team members.
All sexual activity is to be performed in front of at least 2 other team members or cheerleaders.
It was then that Payton asked about lap dances.
"As you've probably heard, or not heard, we don't have any music playing in here." Duke said.
"Well we could dance to imaginary music." Payton replied.
"You just want to rub your pussy on the guy's crotches and rub your tits in their faces don't you Payton?" Clara said.
"Yeah, don't you?"
Clara, Duke and I smiled then Duke said,
"Just so long as you leave their dicks inside their trousers Payton."
When we'd discussed girl-on-girl action it struck me that I had zero experience of this. I had never been with another girl. I have nothing against it; it's just that the opportunity never arose. I looked at Clara and Payton's naked bodies as they sat there and thought that maybe it could be fun. After all, who knows what a girl likes better than another girl?
Another thing that struck me was that Payton didn't seem as happy as she could have been. Duke was looking at her as well. Answering what I suspected was the problem, Duke said,
"We've got to remember that we are all here to encourage the team to win. Your contribution girls is obvious, but if I were to allow you to fuck every cock on the team every time that they walked out onto the pitch, the lads would get complacent and expect a good fuck every game regardless of how well they played. So girls, some Sundays you may have to settle for getting your pussy eaten and getting groped when you're in here after the game. I'm sorry if you don't like it but that's the way it is."
Payton then surprised me (maybe) by saying,
"Will you fuck if the team loses then Duke?"
"I think that I could arrange that, providing that I get my share of all your pussies when we win as well."
I smiled and replied.
"Anytime Duke, anytime."
"Me too." Clara added.
"Are we done here?" Payton said, "Cos I've got an itch that I need to get scratched."
"Yeah, okay girls, that will do for now. Go and get your itch's scratched before they all go home."
Wednesday evening practices are shorter than Sundays and it wasn't long before the guys started drifting off home. Duke offered to take us 3 to the underground station and we were soon on our way home.
Oh, I forgot to mention that the guy's fingers made us all cum. Clara twice before we left.
Wednesday evenings and Sundays continued in a similar way with all 3 of us getting plenty of sex, in all forms. It wasn't exactly anonymous sex but it was sex with no attachments or responsibilities. No one to please except me; and that was what I wanted.
We did incorporate a spanking scene into out routine and it wasn't pretend spanking. I decided that I like being spanked and it makes me feel good. I also decided that one day soon I'm going to put another ad on Craig's List - 'Naughty girl needs to be spanked.'