The following story is part of my short story series, "There You Were"
Through the first-person perspective, my goal is to capture that daydream feeling, whether it's fantasizing a sexual scenario with your crush or reliving that blissful memory with your lover.
The characters are not entirely fleshed out, but my stories were designed to encourage you to let your imagination run wild as you and your partner (real or fantasy) play out this carnal scenario.
I hope you enjoy the first story of the series!
*****
It was another day working from my flat. A year ago, my workplace announced everyone had to work from home due to quarantine measures. For the first few weeks, it was a blessing in disguise. I enjoyed working from home, catching up on shows and discovering new podcasts.
Unfortunately, the repetitive routine eventually took a toll on me. The same mundane activities made the weeks and months seem long. It was to the point that I couldn't tell when the day started and when it ended. Needless to say, being stuck at home made me feel like a caged animal.
Then one day, there you were. You lived in the flats across from me, and our rooms were on the same floor. If I had to estimate, there was probably about 40 feet between us. We both lived in the corners of our respective buildings with a great view of downtown and the waterway.
Every morning, you would sit on your patio with your morning tea. You would have your phone or a book to read while you enjoyed your drink. Despite current events, you seemed at peace. Maybe it was your comfortable pajamas and oversized shirt, but watching you enjoy yourself gave me a sense of comfort and hope.
After a few weeks, I decided to take a chance and join you in your morning routine. One morning, you came out on your patio with your usual tea and reading material. I came out to my patio a few minutes later with my cup of coffee. You looked up after taking a sip of your tea. You smiled and gave me a wave. I smiled and waved back. I gave a cheery "good morning." You said good morning back and we briefly chatted. Since that day, we greeted each other every morning with our drinks. We got to know more about each other and discussed various topics, including our interests and hobbies.
Eventually, we exchanged numbers. We would text each other and send funny memes and TikTok videos. Whenever I hear that "ping" I would happily drop everything and replied back. Even during my work meetings, I would be focused on texting you (thank goodness most of my meetings did not require turning on my camera and microphone).
Over time, we started to get flirty with our texts. It started with you sending a me a pic of you in your tight black dress followed by a text saying, "Think I should wear this once the pubs open?" Seeing you in that dress had my heart racing as I imagined you strutting your shapely body down the boulevard. I responded with a pic of my own, showing off in one of my two-piece suits.
I followed it up with "Of course... as long as you're ok with me in this."
We continued texting back and forth, excitedly awaiting the day we can go out again. We made a promise that once quarantine was lifted, we are going out for a celebratory drink. Afterwards, you sent a winky face emoji followed by a text saying, "Hope I'm not distracting you," in which I replied, "Never lol."
I was tempted to follow up with that text by asking you to come over and catch a movie at my place. For the past few weeks, I kept daydreaming about us cuddling up on my couch and enjoying each other's company. Most of all, I dreamed about kissing those succulent lips and tasting your sweet tongue, while my hands explored every curve of your luscious body. I mean we were walking distance from each other. But alas, the circumstances of current events left me to think otherwise. If something were to happen to you, I wouldn't be able to forgive myself. I left that idea alone and changed topics.
Then one day, things were... different. The morning started out like every other morning, except you were wearing a silky bathrobe that went slightly past down your knees. I didn't think anything of it at first. I figured you just got out of the shower. We had our normal coffee/tea talk and went about our business. I had a meeting in a few minutes, so I went into my room where my office was and logged in. I still had time until the meeting kicked off, so I relaxed in my chair and finished up my coffee.
As I took the last sip, I noticed you walking into your room from the corner of my eye. You made your way over to the back corner of the room, where you kept your full-length mirror. You stood in front of the mirror with your back slightly towards me, but thanks to the mirror's reflection, I could still make out your face and body's front view. Like our patio, our rooms were across from each other, separated by our windows and the alleyway below. Normally, you would have your blinds partially down, but today you had them all the way up. I thought it was a little strange, but I figured you wanted to let in some sunlight while getting ready for the day.
I was about to turn back to my computer until something caught my attention... you started to take off your bathrobe. I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Suddenly, my eyes were glued to your window as you slowly unveiled your naked body in front of the mirror.
You slowly slid your bathrobe down your soft, radiant skin, revealing your naked body. Although your back was to me, the reflection of your mirror allowed me to gaze upon your naturally plump breasts and perky nipples. My eyes continued their way down to your smooth but shapely stomach before stopping at your trimmed kitty. I didn't realize I was perspiring until a bead of sweat rolled down eyes.
You reached over your desk drawer and pulled out a bottle of lotion. You squirted a few drops in your hand and started rubbing all over your hands and arms before making their way to your chest. My assumption of your natural breasts was correct as you started massaging them, moving submissively in your rotating hands. After a few more revolutions, you let them drop, in which they bounced seductively before settling on your chest in a glorious display.
You squeezed another spritz of lotion in your hand and made your way down to your stomach. You closed your eyes as your hands glided effortlessly across your bare skin, slowly exploring every curve and caressing your soft body.
After feeling satisfied that every part of your upper body was covered with your milky lotion, you made your way over to the bed and placed one of your legs on the edge, allowing me a better glance at your long, silky legs. You slowly massaged the lotion down the length of your slender leg before moving onto the next, being just as methodical.
As everything was unfolding before me, I started to feel my own body warming up, breathing heavily as the minutes passed. I felt a slight tingle as my cock slowly began to rise. Quickly, I snapped out of it, realizing this was wrong.
I grabbed my phone to give you a heads up. As I was texting you, I looked up in time to see you seductively crawling over to the head of your bed, where you proceeded to lay down on your back with your bare body exposed to me. You reached over to the end table and opened the drawer, pulling out a very phallic and girthy dildo. You smiled gleefully as you caressed it, admiring the size and length.
The minute I saw your majestic toy, I immediately forgot about my text and set my phone aside. I positioned my chair directly in front of my window and leaned closer to my window, almost pressing my nose against it. My mind was no longer focused on work as all my undivided attention was on you. As you slowly slid your fingers up and down your toy, I imagined that was my cock you were worshipping and teasing. I felt my body warming up as I fantasized your soft, warm hands caressing my throbbing member.
After a few minutes of playful teasing, you positioned the tip of the dildo with your mouth. I could feel my breathing getting heavier and my cock bulging anxiously underneath my shorts as you slowly inserted the tip in your mouth, enveloping them with your lips. Like a lollipop, you wrapped your sweet lips around its girthy head before sliding it in your mouth, savoring it with your tongue.
With your other hand, you spread your legs, fully revealing your luscious, shimmering pussy. You placed your fingers along the slit, gently rubbing it up and down. As you started to warm yourself up, you began to pick up the pace, rubbing the clit in a circular motion. I could see your face light up as you found your sweet spot. To keep that intense pleasure going, you started to insert your fingers, pushing and pulling the penetrating stimulation that was reverberating throughout your body. You began to sink into your bed as you continued to explore your velvety love tunnel.
As you continued to pleasure yourself, you began to suck harder on your dildo, occasionally pushing it deeper into your mouth and down your throat. At one point, you managed to ram half of it down. Upon seeing your expert lip service, my shorts felt tight as my fully erect cock desperately tried to free itself from its constricted prison. Without further delay, I proceeded to take my shorts off and got comfortable in my chair. I grabbed hold of my dick and started to slowly stroke it as I watched the spectacle before me.
At this point, I think we both had the same idea as you took the dildo out of your mouth and brought it over to your pussy. You placed the tip alongside your silky lips, playfully sliding it up and down the entire length of your slit before entering between your legs. Judging by your eyes, I could tell you had a tight grip on it as you continued to slide the girthy shaft inside you centimeter by centimeter, stretching you out in the process.
At first, I thought you would have difficulties taking it all in. But that quickly changed as you managed to ram it down your luscious channel, coating every centimeter of it with your creamy essence. Without hesitation, you proceeded to slide it in and out, feeling every bit of its length and girth. Every time you pushed and pulled, a little bit of it made its way deeper between your legs.
You closed your eyes as you gave in to your sexual needs. You moved it up and down at a steady pace, but gradually picked up speed. At the same time, your fingers continued to stimulate your clit. Your body began to squirm as the sensational impact coursed through your body. I continued to stroke my cock, keeping up with your pace and imagining myself pounding away between your legs. I could almost hear the wet sound as you continued to push and pull like an engine piston.
Suddenly, you stopped. Your head reeled back, pushing deeper into your pillow with your mouth wide open. You arched your back while your legs squirmed on the bed covers. There was no doubt in my mind... you were cumming and you were cumming hard. You held onto the pillow and bed covers as your body began to convulse from the carnal shockwave that was rushing throughout your body.
I smiled as I whispered, "Good girl."
After what must have felt like an eternity, you started to settle down from your sensual high, catching your breath and closing your eyes for a few seconds. After you came to, you took your dildo out and brought it up to your lips, where you began to lick off every sweet morsel before gently placing it aside.
I thought that was the end of it until you reached over the same end table and pulled out a bottle of lube, which was followed by... a butt plug. Suddenly my heart started to beat faster with excitement.
I slowed down my strokes, so as not to finish early. I wanted to milk out every minute of this live show. You get up and turn over on your knees and elbows with your ass in full view of me. You squirted some lube on your fingers and reached over to your anus, rubbing the outer rim before inserting your fingers. You generously applied the slick lube while pleasuring yourself at the same time.
Once you felt satisfied, you grabbed your dildo and began coating it with the same lube. You brought it over between your juicy cheeks, effortlessly guiding the tip to its destination. Without missing a beat, you inserted it into your tight asshole. At first, you were struggling to get it in. I leaned forward for a closer look and waited in anticipation as you mustered the strength to penetrate successfully.
"You can do it baby... that's a good girl..." I whispered to myself.
As if on cue, you managed to push the head in your tight asshhole, enveloping the girthy bulb. You proceeded to slowly push and pull the bulging shaft, taking your time to let it stretch you out. You started with long, slow strokes but eventually moved to short, fast strokes, occasionally moving it around like a joystick. As you started to pick up speed, I tried to match it with my strokes again. I gripped my cock tighter as I began to imagine my cock being tightly wrapped by your asshole. My hands and legs began to shake as I envisioned myself riding you from behind and forcing my cock down your backdoor.
After a few blissful minutes of ass play, you slowly took it out and set it aside. You reached for the butt plug and again guided it towards your asshole. You expertly centered the tip with your rectum and pushed it in. The plug went in without issue and you moved your hands to reveal a jeweled spectacle between your cheeks.
With your other hand, you began to rub your pussy while remaining in a doggy position. Like before, you placed your fingers on your clit and gave it a gentle rub, switching off between rubbing and inserting your fingers. I could only imagine the intense pleasure you were receiving, causing me to jack off faster. I started to notice dribbles of cum seeping out of my cock, and realized it was almost time to finish up.
As I began to make my way towards climax, you started to turn over and lay back down on the bed with your chest and pussy facing up in full view. I also noticed your butt plug still nuzzled between your cheeks. You reached under your bed covers and pulled something out... something big. Upon closer look, I recognized it as a magic wand. I started to get tunnel vision as I placed all my focus on you and the exhibition unfolding before me.
You took your time guiding the head towards your sweet spot. Once you felt satisfied with its placement, you switched on the power. Your body moved and squirmed as the vibrating head stimulated your clit with intense vigor, reverberating throughout your body like a ripple in a lake.
Although the windows blocked any sound between us, I had no issues making out the moans resonating from your unmistakable "oh" face. Though you couldn't hear me, I was sending out words of encouragement to cum for me.
As I watched the intensity build up on your end, I started to feel my cock struggling to hold back my excitement. I was edging closer to climax but I wasn't ready to let go just yet. I slowed down my pace, hoping to catch the money shot. My prayers were answered when you lifted your legs and arched your back.
Like watching a festive firework show, a glorious stream of squirt came pouring out like a cascading river. Your eyes rolled back as you lost all control of your body. Despite the intense physical sensation, you continued holding onto your magic wand tfor dear life. The stream became longer after each squirt. At one point it reached your window, covering it with spritz of your lovely juices.
The glorious display did it for me. I leaned back in my office chair, getting ready for what's to cum. Like you, I lost all control of my senses as I came. The immense rush came pouring out of me and sent an intense sensation throughout my body, causing my mind to fall into a euphoric stupor. My mind stopped functioning as my lack of self-restraint gave in to the push and pull of carnal indulgence.
A few seconds passed but to me it felt like an eternity. I slumped on my chair, gathering my composure and thoughts. When I was somewhat sound of mind, I looked over to you, but you were no longer in your room.
Suddenly, I remembered my meeting. I looked over to my computer screen. The meeting was still in progress but it was drawing to a close. Thankfully, it appeared no questions were directed at me, so I sat back in my chair and relaxed.
After a few minutes, I heard my phone pinging. I opened up my messages to see your text.
"I hope you enjoyed the show ;)"
At first, I was a little embarrassed, but I smiled to myself. I looked over to your empty room, envisioning all the fun we'll have in the near future. It was safe to say that my daily routine was beginning to look a lot more interesting. Here's to hoping quarantine ending very soon.