Dayna's eyes wandered to the window. The sun was setting, aglow and picturesque. The small town below her was bustling with activity, and she watched from above with a glass of cheap wine in hand. All the happy couples below left her feeling a twinge of jealousy, followed by a wave of guilt. She didn't want to live a life where she admired other people's happiness, yet, here she was.
One couple stood out in particular. They were walking hand in hand, laughing and joking together. They were obviously obsessed with each other, much like she and John when they first got together. Sometimes, Dayna longed for the early days of her relationship with John. Everything was new then, and they were both so full of passion and excitement. Now, it felt like they're just going through the motions.
She continued watching them for a moment, then turned away with a sigh. She took a sip of her wine, then set it down on the table with a clink. She walked into their dimly lit living room and saw John sitting in front of his computer, engrossed in his video game.
She flopped down on the couch next to him and heaved a dramatic sigh. "I'm bored," she told him, batting her eyelashes.
John looked over at her from where he was sitting on the floor in front of the TV, game controller in hand. He shrugged in response. "There's nothing to do."
"Boring," Dayna muttered under her breath. She crossed her arms and scooted away from him, putting as much distance between them as possible.
John sighed and put down the controller, getting up to sit next to Dayna on the couch. "What do you want me to do about it?" he asked her.
Dayna turned to look at him, pouting prettily. "I don't know," she said. "You're always so wrapped up in your games."
"This isn't just a game, it's my career."
"I know, I know," Dayna said with a roll of her eyes--she didn't need a reminder. She knew. "But can't you take a break from it for just one night?"
"I'm sorry. It just doesn't work like that. If I commit to a game, my followers want me to be online to do it," John told her sincerely. He reached out to take her hand, giving it a squeeze reassuringly. "We'll hang out another night."
"It's fine," Dayna sighed, her shoulders slumping in defeat. "I just wish things were like they used to be."
"Well, you used to have a job." John pointed out.
"I'm sorry, what do you mean?" Dayna asked, her brow furrowed in confusion. "Is this the reason why you've been so distant lately?"
"I didn't mean it like that," John quickly backtracked. "I just meant that you used to be busy with work and, you know, things outside the house. Now you're here all the time and it's just... different."
"Different, how?" Dayna asked, her voice small.
"Since you lost your job, you've let yourself go. You're not taking care of yourself, and it shows," John told her, only half joking.
"What are you talking about?" Dayna asked him, her voice rising in anger. "I take care of myself just fine."
"No, you don't," John said bluntly. "You're always moping around the house in your sweatpants, with your hair a mess."
"So what you're saying is that if I were hotter, then you would suddenly have more time for me?" she asked rhetorically, rolling her eyes.
John hesitated for a moment before saying, "I think you're stuck in a rut. I can't tell if you're trying to find yourself for the first time or you've lost yourself completely. I just want what's best for you."
Dayna was silent for a moment, mulling over his words. Finally, she got to her feet and stalked off to the bathroom, slamming the door shut behind her.
As soon as she locked the door, tears fell from her eyes. The pain of knowing John no longer found her attractive was too much to bear. She examined herself in the mirror and could see why he might have lost interest; she did look rather frumpy. Her hair was pulled back in a messy bun, and she was wearing a sweater that her grandma had knitted for her six years ago. It wasn't exactly sexy, but she liked wearing it. It made her feel close to her grandma when she physically couldn't be.
And I mean, does she need to be perfect all the time? Admittedly, she was enjoying not caring so much about herself. Back when she worked, she rarely had time to just remember to breathe, and sleep.
After turning on the faucet, Dayna waited for the tub to fill before adding some lavender bubble bath. She then undressed and reflected on her body in the mirror. Even with regular exercise and a healthy diet, she noticed her stomach was more bloated than normal, likely due to her recent increase in wine intake. The dark circles under her eyes were now a part of her look, maybe from oversleep? Could that be a thing?
Dayna sighed and closed her eyes, desperate to forget the image of herself. "Why did I let myself go like this?" She thought, being overly critical of herself.
She got into the bath slowly, sinking until the water reached her chin. She closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh as she felt her muscles finally relax. She leaned against the porcelain of her bathtub, replaying cherished memories with John in her mind. It all started with their first kiss--she remembered how wonderful it had felt and how giddy she'd been afterward.
And then there were intimate moments they shared together...her cheeks heated up as she thought back to the first time they made love; it was unforgettable.
She towel-dried her hair and body before she got into bed. She could hear John puttering around in the living room and knew he was getting ready for bed too. Eventually, despite her worries, she fell asleep--but it wasn't a restful sleep. Vivid nightmares of John cheating on her with a younger woman plagued her mind.
In the morning, she woke up feeling exhausted. Her eyes were puffy and red from all the crying. She reached for John, but he was gone. She got out of bed and walked to the living room, but he wasn't there either.
It was then that she noticed a note on the table.
Dayna,
I'm sorry that our relationship hasn't been going well recently. I know I've been busy with work, but I need to focus on creating content for my channel. I don't want to lose you, but maybe we need a breather.
We need some time to figure out what we each want and if we still want to be together. Let's talk when I get home from class.
Love always, John
After reading the letter, Dayna's eyes watered, and she felt her heart drop to her stomach. She worried about what this meant for their relationship and if they could come back from this. She loved John, but she wasn't sure if he felt the same way about her anymore.
Marching back and forth across the kitchen, she noticed the leftover wine from last night. She poured herself a large glass to calm her emotions--even though it was only noon. She downed it quickly and then refilled her glass, gulping it down until she felt physically and emotionally numbed.
Dayna's muscles relaxed as the alcohol seeped in, and her mind started to wander. She reminisced about how things used to be between her and John - the way he looked at her tenderly, and touched her with love. It was all so different now. Could she ever make things go back to the way they were?
Before she knew it, an entire bottle of wine was gone, and Dayna's head swam with anxious and slightly incoherent thoughts. She didn't know what to do... but deep down inside, she loved John dearly and knew that something needed to change.
She longed to reconnect with John and remind him of her never-ending love. She had a plan...one that would get his attention more than ever before. Quickly finishing the last sip in her glass, Dayna stumbled into her bedroom and sat on the edge of her bed, looking at her closet.
Her closet was filled with clothes that she thought were appropriate--long skirts, high necklines, nothing too tight or too revealing. She came from a conservative family and had always dressed modestly, and even in the height of her sexual awakening, she had never strayed too far from her comfort zone. But tonight, she needed to feel sexy. She wanted John to see her as someone desirable, someone worth fighting for.
She slowly approached the mirror, not wanting to face her reflection. But she had to take a look eventually to confront what she saw. And what she saw was a tired woman. Her eyes were bloodshot and puffy, and her cheeks were stained with dried tears. She quickly washed her face, trying to erase the evidence of her crying, but it was no use. It was time to accept that she looked like a mess.
Thankfully, her inebriation eclipsed her self-doubt.
John came home from class to find Dayna waiting for him. He was in disbelief when he saw her coming towards him wearing a see-through black nightgown. The hallway's light danced across her slim body, accentuating her curves.
As they embraced, he could feel her heat against him.
"Hey, baby," she said, wrapping her arms around his neck. "I missed you.".
John smiled and said, "I missed you too. What's going on?" He leaned in closer to her and asked curiously, "Have you been drinking?"
Dayna rolled her eyes, her voice dropping to a whisper. "Am I sexy, John?"
Before he could even utter a word, she grabbed him by his shirt and asked angrily, "Why don't you fuck me anymore, John?" She ran her hand over his crotch, grabbing at his pants.
John was taken aback by her words. "What are you talking about? We had sex two nights ago."
"Yeah, but it was only because I begged you," she said. "you never initiate it anymore."
"I'm sorry, I've just been busy."
"Am I not sexy anymore?" She said, as she shoved him gently.
"You're the most beautiful, sexiest girl in the world", he said.
She bit her bottom lip, "Am I, John? Why don't you show me just how sexy I am?".
Dayna took John by the hand and led him into the bedroom. She could feel her heart racing in anticipation of what would happen next. As they got closer to the bed, John pulled her in for a deep kiss, letting his hands wander across her body. She moaned softly as his touch sent shivers down her spine.
Dayna gently pushed John down onto the bed. She lifted his shirt and kissed him down his body until she reached his waistband. She unbuttoned his jeans, reached into his waistband and pulled out his cock. He gasped as her tongue swirled around the tip of his semi-erect cock, moaning while looking into her eyes.
"Take me," she said breathlessly.
They kissed deeply as they made their way towards penetration, both of them eager for release.
Finally, they were joined together, moaning and gasping in pleasure until they came together in ecstasy.
They were both breathless, "I love you," Dayna whispered, closing her eyes, her legs still trembling.
John hugged her tightly.
"I love you too," he whispered back.
Dayna rested her head on his chest and smiled, listening to his heartbeat.
John held her close, his arms around her body, as they slowly succumbed to slumber. Their bodies were still hot, but gradually they grew colder and more relaxed.
In the silence of the room, they could hear each other's breathing slow and deepen as they slipped into unconsciousness. The sheets were warm against their skin; for a moment, they simply enjoyed the peace and quiet before finally surrendering to sleep.
It was 6:30 in the morning when Dayna woke up and walked into the living room, where she found John making breakfast instead of at his computer like normal. He turned around and smiled at her. "Maybe last night was what we needed to get our relationship back on track," she thought hopefully.
"Good morning, beautiful," he said.
"Mmm," said Dayna, her eyes half-closed with sleep. "Bacon!" She smirked and leaned over to kiss her him softly on the lips. "Hey, baby."
"I have something better than bacon?" He replied excitedly.
He pulled out his phone and held it up to her face.
"What's this?" she asked, trying to keep her eyes open.
"A direct deposit," he said smirkingly.
Dayna's jaw dropped.
"Oh my gosh, what? How?" she asked.
"It's my first paycheck," he said. "from my gaming videos."
"I don't even know what to say," she said, as she pulled him in for a hug.
"I told you I was going to make it," he said. His eyes sparkled with a thrilling sense of accomplishment. A small wave of guilt tugged at her. She'd always believed in him, but also held some doubt he'd achieve his goals.
"I'm so proud of you," she said, as they pulled away from the hug.
"Breakfast first, then we can celebrate," he said.
She smiled and nodded as she took a seat at the table. John brought over a plate of bacon and eggs and sat it in front of her.
"Enjoy," he said, as he sat across from her.
"You're so sweet, and sexy." She winked, and just thinking about last night had her stomach in flutters.
As they eat, John makes an unexpected suggestion.
"Spring break is right around the corner. Want to go on a trip?"
"Oh my gosh! I would love that," she replied. "but where would we go?"
"Well, you always wanted to go to Miami."
"Are you serious?" she asked, wide-eyed.
"Absolutely," he replied. "I'll start looking for tickets today."
Danya was shocked by how rapidly things had changed between them. It was only yesterday that they were on the verge of breaking up, and now they were planning a trip together. She couldn't have been happier as she leaned over and kissed him softly.
"Thank you," she whispered, "for everything."
John woke up early on Monday morning to get ready for his last class
He kissed her forehead softly and whispered, "I love you," before slipping out the door.
Even though Dayna was unemployed and running low on cash, she refused to ask John for money for clothes, especially after offering to cover the entire cost of the trip. To make sure she looked good for their trip, she bought some new clothes-- even if it meant going into debt. As she strutted into the mall with new outfit ideas swirling in her head and credit card at the ready, all she could think about was impressing John.
She walked into a clothing store and started browsing through the racks of clothes. She began with a new bikini, one that would flaunt her curves. After trying on a few different styles, she found one that fit her perfectly. The top was a little too tight, but it showed off her cleavage more than she ever had before. The bottoms were cheeky, and revealing. They also made her slightly uncomfortable with how they showed off her toned rear. She tried on a few other outfits before returning to the one that made her feel both uneasy and excited. Why not? Miami was the perfect place to wear something so outside of her comfort zone.
She made her way to the checkout counter and rang up her items. She winced as she saw the total and paused a moment before running a card. Did she need this to impress him? Then, with a shake of her head, she paid in full.
As she walked out of the mall, she felt a sense of excitement for what was to come. She knew this trip would be a defining moment in her relationship with John, and she couldn't wait to see what the future held.
Dayna couldn't contain her excitement when she came home with bags of her new clothes. But, her smile quickly faded when she saw John focused intently on his video game. He didn't even look at her when she entered the room.
"Hey," she said, walking up to him and kissing him on the cheek. "I bought something special for our trip?"
"Oh, yeah?" he replied, not taking his eyes off the screen. "what is it?'
"I'll be right back," she said.
She ran to the bathroom and put on one of her new outfits, a white crop top, and a tight black mini skirt. She walked back into the living room, hoping to get a rise out of John. But he barely even looked at her.
"Come on, baby," she said, walking over to him and sitting on his lap. "what do you think?"
"Looks hot," he said, eyes drifting between her and the screen.
"Baby, please. Just look!"
He finally paused the game and looked at her. But his eyes quickly darted back to the TV. "It looks really nice, babe."
"That's it?"
His eyes grew wide at the remark. "What else do you want me to say? I want to be able to do more nice things for us, and the only way I can do that is by focusing on this." He pointed to the game. "We'll have time for us on the trip."
"Sure," she said, deflated. She had put so much effort into buying new clothes and getting ready for their trip, but John didn't even seem to care. She sighed and walked away, her heart heavy with disappointment.
The days leading up to their trip were some of the most strained that Dayna had ever experienced in her relationship with John. She was continuously feeling ignored and unimportant as he became more and more focused on his streaming. However, she did her best to ignore her doubts and anxieties, hoping that everything would work out once they were in Miami.
The evening before their adventure, Dayna was shaking out her hair when she overheard John come through the door. She quickly put on some makeup and brushed her hair out of her face. When she finally emerged, John was sitting by his computer.
"Hey there," she said sheepishly. "Are you excited yet?"
"Yeah," John replied, not making eye contact with her.
"Is something the matter?" she queried gently.
"No, I'm fine," he responded a little too quickly and much more harshly than he had intended.
"Are you positive?" she asked skeptically.
"I'm absolutely certain," he said with confidence.
She didn't believe him, but she didn't want to start an argument before their trip, so she let it go.
"I- I guess we're not going out to dinner tonight," she said sadly, barely able to keep the quiver out of her voice.
"No, sorry," John said, not looking up from his computer. "I'll probably just eat something later."
She stood there for a few moments longer, hoping he would say something else or at least look at her. But he didn't. Finally, she turned around and walked back to her room, her heart heavy and tears threatening to fall.
His capacity to be cold and distant at times astounded her, making her feel isolated. Before getting into bed, she wiped off her makeup and stripped down into her underwear, and threw on an oversized t-shirt. She lay there for hours, staring at the ceiling.
Suddenly, the door opened, and John walked in, looking irritated. He sat down on the bed and sighed.
"I don't know what you want from me," he said. "we're going to Miami tomorrow."
She sat up and looked into his eyes. "I don't want anything from you," she said. "I just want to be with you."
He looked away and shook his head. "I don't know what that means," he says in a condescending tone.
"It means I love you and want to spend time with you," she said softly.
"Ok, I love you too, but you've been acting far too needy lately."
"You think I'm needy?" she asked, her voice trembling. "I only act like that because you're never around, and when you are, it feels like you wish I didn't exist."
"I work hard," he said defensively. "I deserve to relax. I can't give you attention all the time. I'm the only one working right now. I've got to focus on paying the bills."
"But even when you aren't working, you're not really here. You're with me but not with me."
"That's not true. I'm tired."
She shook her head and got out of bed.
"I deserve your love, John," she said firmly. "don't I?"
"I don't know what you want me to do," he said, exasperated.
"Just be with me," she pleaded. "That's all I want."
He looked at her for a long moment and then sighed. "Fine," he grumbled. "I'll have to cancel my gaming plans for tonight."
"No, I don't want you to do that," she said. "I don't want to force you to be with me."
"It's not forcing me," he said. "I want to be with you."
She rolled her eyes and sighed. "Just do what you want to do," she said, looking at John with defeat. "I'll be in here when you're ready."
John hesitated for a moment.
"It's okay, don't be upset. We're leaving tomorrow, and we'll have a whole week together. Just the two of us! It'll be fun, I promise."
She tried to smile, but it came out more as a grimace. He leaned over and kissed her forehead before getting up and leaving the room.
She laid down and soon fell asleep.
Dayna was sleeping in her bed when she suddenly woke up from all the shouting and ruckus coming from the living room. It was John and his friends, enjoying some beers while playing video games. Exasperated, she got out of bed, quickly donning a pair of shorts and an oversized t-shirt before marching into the living room to give them a piece of her mind.
"Guys, I seriously need sleep," she said, looking at John, "we have to leave early for the airport tomorrow."
The group chuckled and refused to acknowledge her existence as they stared into the TV.
"We're sorry, Dayna," John said. "We'll keep it down."
As she walked away, she saw one of John's friends, Philip turn towards her and stare at her legs appreciatively. The sudden attention made her very uncomfortable but also sent a thrill through her veins.
She scurried back to her bedroom and slammed the door. Leaning against it, she tried to catch her breath as she felt a confusing mix of fear and desire coursing through her. She wasn't sure what was going on, but she liked it.
She laid in bed, trying to understand her conflicting emotions. Phil wasn't good looking, and he was a lot older than her, but there was something mischievous in his eye that made her feel excited. She could feel herself getting turned on by the thought of being desired by someone- even if that someone wasn't John.
The living room remained noisy and full of energy late into the night, as people shouted and cheered. Dayna knew that if she tried to sleep with all of the noise, it would be impossible. She felt herself getting frustrated, but instead of being angry at John and his friends, she found herself getting more turned on.
She suddenly had the urge to touch herself. As she started to rub her clitoris, she imagined Phil walking into the room and seeing her. The thought of being caught made her pussy even wetter. Right before reaching her climax, she came up with an idea that would radically change her sexual desires forever.
After tucking in her t-shirt, she pulled up her shorts and gave her butt a quick once-over in the bedroom mirror. Breathless, she walked into the living room to join the boys. Her cheeks were still rosy from her "session" moments before. They were all glued to the game except for Phil, who looked up and smiled at Dayna from across the room. Dayna sat on the sofa next to John and stared at the TV, not really seeing it.
"What's up?" John asked, elbowing her in the side. "I thought you had to get up early."
"Yeah, I do," she replied. "I gave up on sleep tonight."
"We still too loud?" he asked, not taking his eyes off the TV.
"No, it's ok, baby," she said. "you guys are fine."
John nodded understandingly and turned back to the game. Dayna watched him for a moment before she got up and walked over to where Phil was sitting.
"Hey, Phil," she said, sitting down.
Phil was flustered by her quick appearance and quickly sat up straight and attempted to fix his wrinkled shirt.
"He- hey, Dayna, what's up?" He stuttered out the words a bit.
"Nothing much," she replied. "I just couldn't sleep, so I thought I'd come down and see what you guys were up to."
"We're just watching the game," he said nonchalantly.
"Who's winning?" she asked, eager to make conversation.
"John's team is up by two kills," he replied.
"That's great! Let's go, baby, you got this!" she screamed across the room to John, lying back on the couch and putting her feet up.
Phil smiled and turned back to the game, but not before stealing a quick glimpse of her crotch. Dayna felt him looking and smiled before turning her attention back to the TV.
After a few minutes, John's team won the match, and everyone started cheering. Dayna rose to her feet and cheered, elated. Then she jumped up and down provocatively, making sure Phil got an eye full of her bouncing behind. She looked over her shoulder and watched him undress her with his eyes before walking back to the couch.
She walked up to John and gave him a long, deep kiss. His friends started to get rowdy, but Dayna didn't care at this point. She was having too much fun teasing Phil.
"Good job, baby!" she said. "Now let's go to bed, I'm exhausted."
"Go to bed. I'll be in soon," John said sternly.
Goodnight guys! " she said to the room as a whole before prancing back to her bedroom.
For some bizarre reason, she was so fixated on Phil and what he might have been thinking after the show she put on. How bad did he crave her? She tried her best to push these thoughts away, but they kept coming back, and she couldn't fall asleep.
Eventually, John came to bed, and after he kissed her goodnight, she fell asleep quickly. She had strange dreams of being watched and desired by Phil, which made her wake up feeling hot, bothered and guilty. She got out of bed and took a cold shower, hoping it would help her clear her head before their flight.
When Dayna came into the living room and found John packing up their stuff, she couldn't help but feel excitement mixed with anxiety. This was the moment that would shape their relationship for years to come.
"I'm all packed," John said as he zipped up his suitcase. "Are you ready to go?"
Dayna nodded and smiled, kissing John on the cheek.
"I'm ready," she said.
They both walked to the door and John turned to look at her one last time.
"You know, I love you," he said.
"I love you too," Dayna replied.
And with that, they walked out the door, Dayna not knowing what the future held but feeling hopeful nonetheless. After all, they had each other, and that was all that mattered.
On the way to the airport, they couldn't help but discuss their plans for Miami.
Dayna's excitement was palpable as she exclaimed, "I want to go dancing!"
Without any enthusiasm, John said, "I just want to go to the beach!"
"Oh, come on, baby," she laughed. "please! One night of dancing!"
John thought for a moment and then relented.
"Fine, one night of dancing," he said. "But that's it!" His voice edged on playful.
"Yay!" she exclaimed, clapping her hands together like a little girl. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" She gave him a big hug and a kiss while he struggled to stay on the road.
It was going to be a great trip. She could feel it. She knew that no matter what happened, they would be together. And that was the most comforting thought of all.
When they got to the airport, they checked in and made their way to their gate. They were both eager to start their vacation.
Dayna couldn't focus on anything else during the flight besides Phil. It wasn't that she was attracted to him--she was just endlessly fascinated with the idea of being somebody's object of fixation. The more she tried to push the thought away, the more often it invaded her mind.
She was so lost in thought that she didn't even realize when they had landed. John had to nudge her to get her attention.
As soon as she stepped out of the airport, a warm beautiful breeze hit her. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, letting the soothing air fill her lungs.
John looked at her and said, "I can already tell you're going to like it here."
She smiled and linked her arm with his as they headed to the taxi stand.
While crossing a bridge over Biscayne Blvd, the city lights reflecting off the water caught Dayna's eye. She had never seen anything like it before--the city's palm trees, bright colors, and the overall vibe was stunning. With the windows rolled down, she let her hand dangle outside, feeling the wind whip through her fingers as loud dance music from the booming strip filled the car.
"Baby, we're finally here," Dayna said as she squeezed his hand.
Dayna's eyes widened in amazement as they pulled into the hotel. Neon lights beautifully lighted up the large, modern building near the beach, and she could hear music coming from the rooftop bar.
"This is where we're staying?" she asked incredulously.
John nodded and grinned as he paid the driver. They got out of the car and grabbed their bags from the trunk. Dayna was still in disbelief while they walked into the lavish lobby.
She breathed deeply. "Wow...it's so beautiful."
The lobby was incredibly large, with marble floors and ceilings that towered high above them. The gentle light fixtures gave the space a dark, intimate feel. There was a gorgeous chandelier and several comfortable-looking seating areas in the center of the room.
They made their way to the front desk and were greeted by a tall, handsome man. He had dark brown hair that was slicked back and piercing green eyes.
"Welcome to SoFi Miami. My name is Alejandro. Checking in?" He had a thick latin accent.
"Yes, we have a reservation under the last name Elliott," replied John, as he quickly fished out his ID and credit card from his wallet.
"Ah yes, Mr. and Mrs. Elliot. I have your room all ready for you."
"Where are you both visiting us from?" Alejandro inquired.
"We're from Maine" John said.
"What brings you to Miami?" asked Alejandro.
John smiled. "Just needed a change of pace, some sun, and fun."
"I think you'll find that here," Alejandro said with a wink. "If you need anything at all, don't hesitate to let us know. We're here to make your stay as enjoyable as possible."
Both John and Dayna smiled.
"Thank you," they said.
Alejandro looked at John and Dayna with a grin. "I'm sure you're both exhausted from your travels, but...." He leaned in closer, his voice dropping an octave. "May I tell you about some of the hotel amenities?"
John and Dayna looked at each other.
"That sounds great!" Dayna exclaimed.
Alejandro proceeded to tell them about the different features of the hotel, including the pool, the spa, and the Sushi restaurant. He also told them about an early morning yoga class that piqued Dayna's interest.
"That sounds like something I would love to do!" she exclaimed.
Alejandro nodded his head in agreement. "I think you would enjoy it. Why don't I sign you both up for it?"
John and Dayna looked at each other again, and John rolled his eyes. "John wouldn't be interested, but I would."
Alejandro chuckled softly. "No worries, we'll get you signed up." He winked at Dayna before turning his attention back to the check-in process.
A few moments later, they had their room keys in hand and made their way to the elevator. John pushed the up button, and they waited for a moment before the doors opened. They stepped inside, and John hit the number for their floor. As the elevator began to move, Dayna turned to John with a grin.
"This is so exciting! I can't believe we're actually here!"
John chuckled and wrapped his arms around her waist. "I know, me too, babe." He kissed her gently on the lips, and Dayna melted into him.
John opened the door to their room, and Dayna's jaw dropped. The suite was beautiful, with a large king bed in the center of the room and a balcony overlooking the ocean. There was a small kitchenette off to the side and a living area with a couch and TV.
"John, come see this!" So excited to show him, she ran over and opened the balcony doors. Grabbing his hand, she pulled him outside with her, where they were met with a gentle breeze and an unbeatable view of the ocean under the moonlight.
"I"m so happy to be with you," she said, still in disbelief.
John wrapped his arms around her from behind and kissed her neck softly. "I'm so glad you're here with me."
"I know. I was surprised too." He wrapped his arms around her from behind, and they looked at the view. "It's so beautiful here."
"I know, I told you it would be worth it."
Dayna leaned back into him and sighed. "Thank you. I needed this."
John kissed her on the cheek.
They stood there for a moment, taking in the view and enjoying each other's company. Finally, Dayna turned to John and took his hand.
"Come on, let's grab a drink," she said with a grin.
"I'm exhausted. Let's just go to bed," John said, yawning.
"Oh, come on! Just one drink?"
John thought for a moment. "Fine, but just one."
"I'll go change!" She ran into the room and changed into a pair of cheeky shorts and a tank top. Upon emerging from the bathroom, she hoped for John's compliment about her outfit. However, he barely noticed--engrossed in his phone instead.
"Hey, you ready to go?" she asked, a little disappointed.
John looked up from his phone and nodded. "Yeah, let's go." He put his phone away as they stepped inside the elevator. As the elevator ascended to the roof, Dayna grabbed John's hand and placed it on her waist.
The moment the doors opened, they were in awe of Miami's skyline. The music was playing loudly, and there seemed to be people everywhere enjoying dancing or socializing around the colorfully lit pool. Her eyes continued to marvel at everything -- she'd never seen such a beautiful group of people in her life. Everyone around her seemed beautiful and fit, wearing revealing clothing. The men wore tight t-shirts, displaying their perfectly toned bodies while the women donned tiny skirts that barely covered anything.
She suddenly felt self-conscious of her own body and what she was wearing. She tugged at her tank top, trying to cover up her stomach, walked over to the edge of the roof, and leaned against the glass railing.
"What would you like?" John yelled over the music.
"Surprise me," she yelled back with a grin.
As he strolled up to the bar, she stared helplessly. After a brief chat with the bartender, he looked at the woman next to him and Dayna's heart sank as she saw John's lecherous grin. He nodded, smiled, and said something to her.
When he returned, he had two drinks in his hand. He walked over and handed one to Dayna before clinking his glass against hers.
"Cheers, " he said with a smile, but something was off.
"What's wrong?" she asked.
John shrugged. "Just a little thirsty, that's all."
Dayna quickly downed the drink and slammed the glass on the table. John jumped a little at the sudden noise and looked at her with wide eyes.
"Lots of hot girls here, huh?" she asked.
John scanned the crowd and nodded toward a group of girls in the pool. "They're all hot, but nothing like you."
He leaned in to kiss her, but Dayna turned her head at the last second. "I want to leave, " she said, pushing past him and walking back inside.
John followed close behind her, but she didn't say a word. The ride down in the elevator was silent, and so was the walk.
"Baby, what's wrong?" he said, trying to slow her down.
"I just want to go to bed." She turned and walked into their room.
John followed her inside and watched as she crawled into bed.
"Dayna, come on, talk to me."
"You were on your phone the whole time we were here," she said, sounding exasperated. "You barely even look at me."
"I'm sorry, it won't happen again. I was just reading something."
"But you stopped reading to check out that girl at the bar. I saw you," she said mournfully as the tears started to fall.
"Come on, don't be like that. I was just looking. I'm sure you've looked at some of the guys here... It doesn't mean anything."
"It means something to me," she said as she turned away from him.
"Why don't you look at me like that," she said. "I'm not pretty enough for you?"
"Of course you are, baby. You're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen." For some reason tonight, his voice sounded so robotic as if he'd trained himself on what to say and what not to say.
She pinched the bridge of her nose."I'm tired, John. I'm going to sleep."
John sat on the edge of the bed, watching as Dayna turned away from him and curled into a ball.
Next Morning
Dayna lazily got out of bed and made her way to the connecting room, where she found John blasting away at some zombies on his laptop. "Baby, can you turn that down?" Her head hurt this morning, and the zombie moans didn't help.
"Sorry, I didn't realize it was so loud." He quickly paused the game and swiveled around in his chair to face her. "Listen, I'm sorry about last night."
"It's okay," she said softly, looking at the floor.
"Are you still doing the yoga class this morning?"
"Leaving in a few minutes," she said, lacking emotion.
John nodded and returned to his game. "Maybe we'll do brunch when you get back?."
"sounds like a plan," she said unenthusiastically.
Dayna gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and headed back to her room to change. She couldn't help but feel a little disappointed that things between them seemed to be returning to normal so quickly. Maybe she was expecting too much.
As she changed into her new yoga clothes, uneasiness washed over her. They fit much tighter than her other workout gear, accentuating every curve and indentation of her body--she felt almost naked. She looked in the mirror and gave herself a pep talk, convincing herself that she looked good. She took a deep breath and headed to the yoga class. On her way out, she found John still engrossed in his game. "I'll see you later, baby."
Nervously, she entered the yoga studio and was caught guard to see Alejandro--the front desk clerk from her hotel--as the instructor. He greeted her with a smile and led her to a spot on the mat. The room was crowded, so she had to squeeze past people to get to an open spot near the front.
As she settled in, she tried to focus on her breath and clear her mind--but she couldn't help but feel self-conscious. She was aware of every move she made, and whether or not people were looking at her.
After taking a few deep breaths and getting settled into her mat, Dayna began following along with the Alejandro. She was surprised at how easily the moves came to her, and soon she was completely focused on the class. This was until Alejandro walked over to her and gave her a correcting adjustment. As he did so, his hand grazed her lower back, and she could feel his eyes on her. She blushed and tried to focus on the rest of the class, but she couldn't shake the feeling that Alejandro was watching her.
At first she was uncomfortable, but as she moved through the class she began to appreciate his gaze It made her feel more connected to her body and the movements. She started to feel more sensual and alive. She felt her hips swaying and her chest opening more than ever before.
By the end of the class, she was dripping with sweat--but she felt amazing. Alejandro stopped her before she could reach the door.
"How did you enjoy the class?"
"It was amazing, thank you." She smiled at him, and he smiled back. There was a moment of awkward silence before Dayna finally spoke up.
"I could say the same for you," he replied.
She laughed. "I guess we're both full of surprises."
"I guess so," He looked into her eyes.
There was another moment of awkward silence before Dayna finally spoke up again. "I should go find my boyfriend. He's probably wondering where I am."
"Of course." Alejandro stepped aside to let her pass.
"Thank you so much for the class."
"Anytime."
She arrived back at the room to find John still playing his game. Without looking away from the screen, he asked, "Hey, how was it?"
"It was great baby."
Dayna went in for a kiss, but he pulled back with an disgusted look. "Ew, you're sweaty>"
"I'll go take a bath," she replied, unamused by his comment.
He put his game controller down and finally looked at her. "How about brunch in a bit?"
"Yeah, sure. I'll be out in a bit" She started to walk towards the bathroom.
He picked up his game controller back up.
Dayna wondered why John was suddenly acting so distant. She didn't know what she did wrong this time, but slowly started not to care as much. The more attention she received from other guys, the better she felt about herself--attractive and confident--without validation from John.
As Dayna stood in the bathroom, she caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror. She has always felt a bit self-conscious about her small chest, and John has pointed out her "flaws" on more than one occasion. But after all of the attention she's received recently, she finally felt comfortable in her own skin. She removed her shirt, and for the first time, she was proud of her body. As she peeled down her pink yoga pants, Dayna couldn't help but run her hand along her cute butt.
She got in the bath and let the water wash away her sweat--and Alejandro's touch. As she washed her body, she couldn't help but think about how he looked at her during class.
She tried to push these thoughts out of her head, but they kept creeping back in. Eventually, she just gave up and let herself fantasize and enjoy the moment.
The warm water cascaded over her body, giving her a sense of relaxation. She soaped up her hands and began to rub them over her skin, making it slippery. Her hands roamed over every inch of her body, exploring every curve. She paid special attention to her tiny nipples, rubbing circles around them until she was satisfied. Next, she moved on to her pussy. She ran her fingers through the wetness that had formed there and moaned softly as she touched herself. She thought about his hands on her body, his lips on hers, and his cock inside of her. She came quickly and intensely, but it wasn't enough.
After her bath, Dayna felt refreshed and invigorated but also, slightly sexually frustrated. She wrapped a towel around her waist and stood in front of the mirror. She saw herself as a beautiful and sexy woman, no longer fixating on her perceived flaws.
She opened her suitcase and found a perfect, Bohemian-style sundress. After slipping it over her head, she added some makeup and styled her hair. The finishing touch was a pair of white seashell-encrusted sandals.
Upon opening the door, she noticed John sitting on the balcony with his phone in hand and appearing deep in thought. He scarcely glanced at her as she opened the glass door to join him outside.
"Hey," she said, as she reached for his hand. He put his phone down and gave her a half-hearted smile.
"Ready for brunch?"
"Yeah, let's go."
Feeling refreshed, Dayna was optimistic about their brunch date. She was determined to fix things between them and felt confident that she could. As they stepped out of their hotel, they were greeted by sunshine and a light breeze.
As they walked down the street, Dayna admired the art deco hotels, bikers, and good-looking locals and couldn't help but feel enthusiastic. The city was so alive, and it felt great to be finally experiencing it with John. She thought for sure this would be the perfect opportunity to reignite their relationship, if only she could figure out why he was suddenly going from hot to cold daily.
Dayna held John's left hand while his phone was in his right as they walked and tried to make small talk.
"This weather is amazing, right?" s
"Yeah," he responded.
"I love Miami!"
"It's alright," John said, nonchalantly.
As Dayna and John continued walking, she couldn't help but notice that other men were starting to take notice of her. At first, she thought she just imagined it, but then she became more certain of it as time went on.
She loved getting this attention from other guys, but what she really wanted was for John to notice her. She started to feel more confident, but the more confident she felt, the more John would withdraw from being by her side.
She reached over and took his hand, but he barely seemed to notice.
"How about this place?" she asked, gesturing to a cute little Cuban cafe.
"Yeah, that's fine," he responded, barely looking up from his phone.
They made their way to the cafe and sat down at a table. The waitress came over and took their drink order. Unfortunately, John didn't seem to share her enthusiasm. He was still glued to his phone, scrolling through emails or something like that.
Dayna finished her meal quickly and excused herself to the bathroom. She was disappointed that John wasn't more fun today, but she was determined to have a good time. She freshened up, put on some lipstick, and then went back to join John.
"Can I get you guys started on some drinks?"
"I'll have a mimosa, please," Dayna said while smiling.
"And for you, sir?" the waitress asked John.
"Just coffee," he responded, not looking up from his phone.
Dayna and John sat quietly side-by-side. He was glued to his phone while she mindlessly scrolled through hers, trying to think of something to say.
The waitress came back with their drinks and took their food order.
"I'll have the eggs benedict, please," Dayna said. "oh, and another mimosa."
"And for you, sir?"
"Just the coffee," John responded.
In an attempt to lighten the mood, she encouraged John to have a drink.
"Are you sure you don't want one?" she asked John.
"No, I'm good," he responded.
The awkwardness was painful. She excused herself and walked towards the restroom while stumbling in sandals, feeling tipsy. On her way there, she smiled at a table full of guys who were equally buzzed.
"Damn girl," one of them said while she walked by.
She quickly turned her head, feeling guilty for flirtatiously eyeing the cute guy from the Table o' Bros.
When she entered the bathroom, she leaned against the door, inhaling deeply. In the mirror,
she saw a bedraggled mess. Her makeup was smudged, and there was sand on her legs; frizzy hair completed the look. And yet, somehow... she felt sexy. She checked her butt in the mirror to make sure her curves still looked good, and they did.
She decided to touch up her makeup and do a little damage control before rejoining John. She retouched her lipstick, fixed her hair, and put on some more perfume.
She walked back to the table, feeling more confident than ever. The group of guys from the other table started to whistle as she walked by. She smirked and turned her head.
As usual, John was engrossed in his phone when she returned to the table. Dayna couldn't help but feel disappointed. She had put so much effort into looking nice for him, only for him to ignore her once again.
Finally, she couldn't take it anymore. "John, can we go now?"
"Uh, yeah, sure," he said, putting his phone away.
By the time they left the restaurant, Dayna was feeling buzzed, and John was stone-cold sober. She tried to hold his hand as they walked back to their hotel, but he quickly pulled away.
"I'm sleepy. I think I need a nap."
"I'm heading to the beach," John said. "I'll see you later."
"Okay, I'll see you later," Dayna said, kissing him on the cheek.
And with that, Dayna was alone. She walked back to the hotel feeling deflated but highly buzzed. She had been trying so hard to get John's attention but it felt like he was purposely ignoring her. Maybe he was just really into his phone. Or maybe he was losing interest in her. Either way, it hurt.
Nothing about being here had brought them closer.
After she returned to their room, she went to the bathroom and began undressing. Suddenly, she heard men's voices and paused, trying to listen carefully and figure out where the noise was coming from. Putting her ear up against the wall, she listened more intently--definitely hearing that the conversation was originating from right next door. She strained to hear what they were saying but couldn't utter any words.
She walked over to the sliding glass doors leading to the balcony and peeked out through the curtains. She saw two shirtless men on the balcony next to hers. They were drinking beer and laughing when one looked up and saw her standing there. Half naked, she jumped back from the door, feeling embarrassed, exposed... and secretly turned on. These guys were hot, and she couldn't help but wonder what they thought of her.
After too many mimosas, her dirty mind began playing with mischievous ideas... She stripped down to her underwear, put on a robe, and went out to her balcony where the guys next door could see her. Casually, she went to the edge and looked off into the distance, pretending she didn't notice them. Flushed cheeks and a racing heart, she nervously lifted her robe. She knew they were watching as she exposed her toned legs and plump butt. She smiled to herself as she pictured their reaction.
Suddenly, one of the guys called out to her, "hey!"
She quickly turned around, heart pounding in her chest. "Yes?" she responded, trying to play it cool.
"Come over here!" he said, smiling.
"Um... I have to go," she said quickly, before scurrying back into her room.
She leaned against the door, heart racing, as she heard them laughing. She couldn't believe what she just did. She felt embarrassed, exposed--and yet strangely exhilarated. She took off her robe and crawled into bed, feeling hot, bothered, and regretful all at the same time. She knew she shouldn't have done it... but the thought of being desired by those two guys was too much for her to resist. She fell asleep, still feeling turned on, dreaming of what could have happened if she had gone over to their balcony...
Dayna woke up hours later to find John in bed next to her, sunburnt and snoring softly. She quickly sat up and looked around, trying to figure out what time it was. Her phone was on the nightstand, showing that it was 5:00pm. She had slept for hours!
Suddenly, John opened his eyes and smiled at her. "Hey," he said, yawning, "sleep well?."
Dayna smiled back at him, feeling relieved. She was glad he seemed to be in a good mood. "yes, baby," she said. "too many mimosas," she laughed.
John shrugged. "I was at the beach all day," he said. "I got a little sunburned."
"Poor baby," Dayna said, kissing him on the cheek.
I'm fine," he laughed. "Let's go out tonight and have some fun."
"I'd love to!" Dayna said, feeling excited. "where?"
"I don't know," John said, shrugging. "wherever you want to go."
Dayna smiled. "Are you going to dance with me like you promised?" she said, beaming.
"Sure," John said, getting out of bed. "I'm going to take a shower."
"Okay, baby. Thank you." But as happy as she was, she felt as if she was walking on eggshells. How long will it take him to turn cold tonight?
She slipped out of bed, getting ready for their fun night ahead. She picked up her lacy panties and put them on, but then thought better of it. Instead, she went without any underwear tonight. Feeling mischievous, she donned a ultra-tight mini skirt and high heels. She wondered how all the guys would react to seeing her like this... She put on some red lipstick and grabbed her purse, ready for a fun night out.
As they exited the hotel room, Dayna couldn't help but notice the two guys getting off of the elevator next door. Her heart raced as their eyes met, but she quickly looked away and hoped they wouldn't say anything in front of John. They passed by without a word, and Dayna exhaled a sigh of relief.
Dayna felt bold and sexy tonight, and she wrapped her arms around John's neck, as they waited for the next elevator. She knew she was making a scene, but she didn't care. She wanted John to notice her.
The elevator dinged, and the doors opened. There were a few other people inside, but Dayna didn't care. She pulled John into the elevator and hugged him tightly from behind as the doors closed.
As they rode down, she could feel John stiffen up. She knew he was uncomfortable with public displays of affection, but she didn't care. She wanted him to know how much she desired him.
The elevator finally arrived at the lobby, and they exited,
They passed by Alejandro at the front desk as they walked through the lobby. "Have a good evening, Mr. and Mrs. Elliot," he said with a smile.
John smirked and gave him a nod.
"Thank you, Alejandro," Dayna smiled back, feeling her cheeks flush red.
Dayna and John walked hand in hand down the beach. The sun was setting, and the air was getting chilly. While walking, she could feel the breeze blowing up her skirt. She loved how naughty and exposed she felt.
"I'm getting cold," she said, as they approached a bar. "Let's go in here."
John nodded, and they walked into the crowded bar. It was loud and rowdy inside, and Dayna felt her heart racing as she scanned the room. She could feel the electricity in the atmosphere. The music was playing loudly, and people were out on the dance floor having a great time. Dayna grasped John's hand tightly, her excitement mounting. They weaved through the raucous crowd, comprised mostly of hot men, and sat at the bar.
A busty blonde bartender walked over and smiled at them. "What can I get you?" she asked loudly over the music.
John called out for a double tequila, to be served neat.
"And I'll have a cosmopolitan," Dayna said, feeling daring.
The bartender nodded.
While they waited for their drinks, Dayna couldn't help but notice the looks she was getting from some of the other patrons. She saw a group of guys sitting at a table near the dance floor, and they were all staring at her intently. She met their gaze boldly, and one of them winked at her. She felt a thrill of excitement and turned back to John, who was oblivious to the looks she was receiving.
The bartender returned with their drinks.
"Cheers," John said, holding up his drink.
"To a fun night," Dayna replied, clinking her glass against his.
They sipped their drinks, and John ordered another round. Dayna was feeling buzzed, and her inhibitions were lowered. She got up from her stool and grabbed John's hand. "Let's go dance," she said, pulling him towards the dance floor.
"One more drink first," John said, pulling away.
"Ok, deal," Dayna said, pouting.
John ordered another drink and Dayna sipped on her cosmopolitan as she watched the people around her. She saw the group of guys she had noticed earlier, and they were still staring at her, making her feel uneasy. One guy motioned for her to come over, but she quickly glanced at John who was absorbed in his phone, then shook her head before mouthing "sorry" in a cute, yet apologetic way.
As John slammed back another drink, Dayna could see he was getting buzzed too.
"C'mon, let's go dance," she said, as she took his hand.
This time, he didn't object, and they headed onto the dance floor. John stood awkwardly while Dayna ground up against him, feeling as sexy as ever. She can feel all eyes on her and she knows she's turning heads. John looks uncomfortable, but Dayna doesn't care. She's enjoying the attention.
As the song ends, Dayna led John over to a seat where they can watch the rest of the dancers. "Sit with me."
John nods, still looking a bit out of place and slightly drunk.
"I'm having a great time," Dayna said, scooting closer to him and placing her hand on his thigh.
"Me too," John responded, wrapping his arm around her waist.
They sat there for a while, people watching and enjoying each other's company. Suddenly, Dayna pulled John in for a passionate kiss. He kissed her back, wrapping his arm around her shoulder. She guided his hand from her shoulder to her wet, scorching ****.
John broke away from the kiss, hesitant and confused. But Dayna was insistent, reassuring him with a squeeze of his hand.
She leaned over to his ear and whispered, "see how wet you make me, baby".
Suddenly, John looks around nervously. "What are you doing?"
"I'm just having fun!" she said as she shrugged and smirked.
"I'm going to grab another drink," John said abruptly, clearly uncomfortable.
"I'll come with," Dayna said, and she grabbed his hand.
They made their way back to the bar and John ordered another drink while Dayna sipped on hers. She noticed that John was drinking more than usual, but she didn't mind. She was enjoying herself and she wanted him to have fun too.
As they finished their drinks, Dayna could tell that John was really drunk now. His eyes were glassy, and he was having trouble standing up straight.
"Let's go find a place to sit down," she said as she took his hand and led him to a secluded corner.
They sat down, and John put his head in her lap. She started stroking his hair, and he looked up at her with drunken eyes. "You're so beautiful," he said, reaching up to stroke her cheek.
"Thank you baby," she said, laughing in a way that sounded borderline condescending. The notion that it took John getting shi*** to finally appreciate her was laughable.
"Let's get back to the room," she said. "what do you say?"
"I say," he started, voice slurring, "that you shouldn't tell me what to do."
Dayna rolled her eyes. "You're kidding, right?"
"No, I'm not kidding." He sat up and stared at her, dazed and confused.
"You're really not kidding?" "You don't even know where you are."
He fell back into the chair and slurred, "I don't care where I am. I'm not going back to that room."
He looked like he might faint, and she took on a motherly role.
"Come on, baby. It's nicer in the room."
"Okay." He pouted and his eyes closed.
She helped him up and struggled to hold him upright as they made their way outside. Once outside, he vomited all over the sidewalk. People were running out of his way, screaming, "Ew!"
"Are you done?" she asked, as he finished.
He nodded, and she steered him toward the hotel. As they approached the hotel, she finally felt relief when she saw Alejandro outside.
"He's here," she said, as if in a dream.
"Who?" He slurred.
"Alejandro."
Alejandro ran to them when he saw them and took over, helping support him. "Too much drinking?" He asked Dayna.
She groaned as they walked into the hotel lobby. "Don't ask," she said pleadingly.
"I'll take it from here." He told her, and she let go of him gratefully.
Alejandro carefully held onto John's shoulder, walking him into the elevator as Dayna followed closely behind. John's eyes were closed, and he was mumbling incoherently.
Dayna looked at Alejandro with concern.
"He's going to be okay," Alejandro told her. "Just let him sleep it off."
"Okay." She was still concerned, "thank you so much."
"Don't worry." He said while the elevator doors closed. "I'll take care of him."
They arrived in the room, and Alejandro laid him down on the bed as Dayna looked on.
"Let's get him some water." Alejandro went to the kitchenette to get a glass of water.
He helped John sit up and then handed him the glass of water. John took it and drank deeply before lying back down.
"You should take off his shoes," Alejandro told her, and she quickly bent down to untie his shoes.
"Thank you so much for your help." She said, as she stood back up.
"I'm happy to help, Ms. Elliot. Let me know if you need anything else." He smiled before walking towards the door.
"Thank you, Alejandro, she said with an admiring smile.
"Goodnight, miss." He closed the door behind him.
"Okay." She said softly, gazing longingly into his eyes. "Goodnight."
After she sat on the bed, she turned to see that John was already asleep. Shaking her head in disbelief, she sighed before covering John with a blanket. She then lay down next to him.
She laid down next to John, trying not to think about how embarrassing that whole situation was or how he ruined the last night of their vacation.
As she attempted to fall asleep, Dayna couldn't get Alejandro off her mind. She couldn't help but to feel grateful for his help. She didn't know much about him, but she found herself wanting to know more. He was so strong, so capable, and so handsome. She felt a stirring in her heart that she hadn't felt in a long time, and she knew that she was in trouble.
She looked over at John, who was snoring gently in his sleep, and felt guilty. She loved John, she really did, but she couldn't help but feel drawn to Alejandro.
She didn't know what the future held, but she knew that things were going to change. She just didn't know how. She quietly got up from the bed and walked over to the window, looking out at the cityscape. She had a feeling that her life was about to change in a big way, and she wasn't sure if she was ready for it.
She glanced at herself in the mirror and exited the room as quietly as she could.
As the elevator door opened, she took a deep breath and decided to give herself a little pep talk before approaching him. She told herself that she was beautiful, and that she deserved this night.
Then, with a deep breath, she approached the desk.
Alejandro was behind the counter, and he looked up as Dayna approached. They locked eyes for a moment, and Dayna could feel her nerves start to flutter. Alejandro smiled at her warmly, and Dayna melted a little bit inside.
"Hey," Alejandro said softly. "Is there something I can help you with?"
Dayna took another deep breath and tried to calm her racing heart. "Actually," she said shyly,"I just wanted to thank you again for your help tonight."
Alejandro laughed softly. "It's no problem," he said. "I'm just happy I could be of assistance."
Dayna hesitated for a moment, and then she took the plunge. "Would you maybe want to get a drink with me sometime?" she asked. "I know it's kind of forward, but buying you a drink is the least I could do."
Alejandro's eyes brightened as he grinned at her. "I would love to," he said enthusiastically. "A few friends and I are going out on the rooftop once our shift ends. Would you like to join us?"
"That sounds great," Dayna said, her heart racing.
"Perfect." Alejandro said. "I get off in twenty minutes. I'll meet you up there."
"I'll see you then," Dayna said, her voice trembling slightly.
Dayna's heart was pounding in her chest, and she could barely contain her excitement. She walked away from the front desk, feeling like she was floating on air. She couldn't believe what was happening.
Dayna slowly opened the hotel room door, trying not to wake John. She was looking for her makeup bag when she heard him stir in the bed.
"What are you doing?" he mumbled, still half-asleep.
"Hey baby," she whispered. "I'm going to go grab something to eat. I'll be back in a bit."
John grumbled in his sleep and rolled over. "Okay," he muttered.
Dayna kissed him lightly on the forehead and then grabbed her purse.
She scanned herself in the mirror one final time before steadying her breath and exiting the room as quietly as possible. She could feel her heart pounding in her chest as she made her way back to the elevator. She was nervous, but excited about what was to come.
The elevator door opened, and Dayna walked out to where Alejandro was waiting for her. He grinned when he saw her, and she felt butterflies in her stomach. Her cheeks were flushed and her hair was mussed up.
"I'm so sorry," she said breathlessly. "I had to change."
"It's okay," Alejandro said with a smile. "you look incredible."
Dayna blushed and looked down at her feet. "Thank you," she said softly.
"Are you ready for that drink?"
"Yes, I am," she said with a flirtatious smile. Dayna nodded, and Alejandro took her by the hand to lead her up to the roof. As she walked, she could feel Alejandro's eyes on her body. As they walked, he occasionally touched her arm or her back in a way that made Dayna's skin tingle.
As they stepped out onto the rooftop bar, Dayna couldn't help but gasp at the panoramic view of the city below. The skyline was illuminated with Thousands of twinkling lights, and it took her breath away. Alejandro's friends were already there, and she quickly realized that they were all ridiculously good-looking. It was an even mix of men and women, and they all greeted Dayna warmly.
"Everyone, this is Dayna," Alejandro said as he gestured toward her. "Dayna, these are my friends."
"It's nice to meet you all," Dayna said with a shy smile.
"Come on," Alejandro took her by the hand. "Let's get you a drink."
Alejandro ordered Dayna a drink and then led her over to where his friends were sitting. They all started chatting, and Dayna quickly became comfortable in their presence. She laughed and joked with them, and it felt like she had known them for years.
One friend, Corey, was particularly chatty, and he quickly drew Dayna into a conversation. He was attractive, with shaggy brown hair and piercing blue eyes, and seemed to be the quintessential bad boy. He was also incredibly charming; Dayna could feel herself blushing whenever he spoke to her.
"So," Corey said as he gazed at her intently. "How do you know Alejandro?"
"Umm, it's complicated," Dayna said, not really knowing how to answer.
"Oh yeah?" Corey raised an eyebrow. "What happened?"
Alejandro jumped into the conversation then. "Dayna and I used to work together," he explained quickly. "But she quit a few months ago."
"Oh, I see," Corey said, his eyes still fixed on Dayna. "And now you're here."
"Yeah," Dayna said softly.
She was starting to feel a bit uncomfortable under Corey's gaze, and she took a sip of her drink to try and calm her nerves. Seemingly detecting her discomfort, Alejandro put his hand on her thigh and gave it a reassuring squeeze.
"Follow me, I want to show you something," he said quietly.
Dayna nodded and got up to follow him. Alejandro led her to the edge of the rooftop away from his friends. He turned to face her, and she could see the desire in his eyes.
"I just wanted to let you know that I'm really glad you came tonight," he said softly.
"I am too."
The air between them was charged with electricity, and Dayna could feel her heart racing. Alejandro reached out and brushed a stray hair from her face, and she felt her body shudder in anticipation. He leaned in close to her, his lips inches from hers, and she could feel his breath on her skin.
"I've wanted to do this for so long," he whispered.
And then he kissed her. His lips were soft and gentle at first, but they became more insistent as he deepened the kiss. His hands were on her waist, pulling her closer to him, and she could feel the heat emanating from his body. She wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back passionately, melting into him. His hand slid up her back and into her hair, and she moaned softly.
The kiss seemed to go on forever, and when they finally broke apart, they were both breathless. Alejandro rested his forehead against hers, and she could see the lust in his eyes.
"I want you, Dayna," he said huskily. "I want you so badly."
By this point, her feelings were all over the place. She wanted him, there was no denying that. But she began to feel guilty when she thought about John alone in the room. Even though she knew what she was doing wasn't right, it felt impossible to resist.
Alejandro must have sensed her hesitation because he took a step back from her. "It's okay," he said softly. "I'm sorry."
"no," she said quickly. "It's not that, I just-,"
"I know," he said, understanding what she was trying to say. "It's complicated."
He reached out and took her hand, and they stood there for a moment, staring at each other. The desire was still there, simmering under the surface, but they both knew that they couldn't act on it. Not yet, at least.
Alejandro took her hand and led her back to his friends' table. Dayna could feel Corey's eyes on her as she sat down, and she averted her gaze. It didn't take long for Corey to start chatting her up again, and she was grateful for the distraction.
"I've known Alejandro for years," Corey was saying. "And I've never seen him like this before."
"What do you mean?" Dayna asked, feigning innocence.
"I mean, he's never brought a girl around before," Corey explained. "You must be special."
"Oh, come on!" She laughed. "I'm sure you tell all the girls that."
"I'm serious!" Corey insisted.
Dayna could feel herself blushing, and she finished her drink quickly. Corey was about to say something else when Alejandro came back, and she was relieved by the interruption.
"Another drink?" Alejandro asked, holding up a bottle of vodka.
"I don't know," she said hesitantly. "I've already had a few."
"Come on," he urged. "You're in Miami!"
She relented, and he poured her a drink. She took a sip and then another, and before she knew it, she was feeling buzzed. The alcohol was helping to ease her nerves, and she leaned back in her chair and laughed along with Alejandro and his friends.
"Have you shown her the presi, yet?", Corey asked, winking at Dayna.
"No, not yet," Alejandro replied. "I was saving that for later."
"What's the presi?" she asked, curiosity getting the better of her.
"Let's go," Alejandro said, standing up and holding out his hand to her. "who's coming?"
"Let's do it," Corey said. The others chimed in, and they all grabbed their drinks and followed Alejandro out of the bar. They all crammed into the elevator, and Dayna was pressed up against Alejandro. He put his arm around her waist, and she could feel the heat of his body against hers.
The elevator stopped, and they all piled out. Alejandro led them down the hall to a room and unlocked the door with a key card. He gestured for them all to go inside, and Dayna walked in, her eyes wide.
The room was huge, with a king-sized bed, a couch, and a big-screen TV. There was also a balcony with a view of the ocean.
"Wow," she said, impressed. "this is nice."
"Wait until you see the bathroom," Corey said, winking at her again.
Alejandro led them into the bathroom, and Dayna's jaw dropped. The bathroom was almost as big as the bedroom, with a Jacuzzi tub, a separate shower, and two sinks.
"Awesome, huh?" Alejandro said, smirking at her reaction.
"Yeah, it's definitely something," she said, still in disbelief.
She turned to look at him, and their eyes met. The desire was still there, burning between them, and for a moment, Dayna thought that he was going to kiss her. But then he turned away and walked back into the bedroom. She walked up to the floor-to-ceiling sliding doors and opened them, stepping out onto the balcony.
The ocean breeze was blowing through her hair, and she took a deep breath, trying to clear her head. She could hear the sound of laughter from inside, and she knew that she should go back in. But she needed a moment to herself, to process everything happening. The alcohol was making her head spin, and she leaned against the railing for support.
Suddenly, she heard footsteps behind her. She turned around to see Alejandro standing there, watching her intently.
"Are you enjoying yourself?" he asked softly.
"Yes," Dayna replied breathlessly.
"Good," Alejandro said gruffly before placing his hand on her lower back.
She could feel his desire for her, and she wanted him just as badly. He leaned in, and their lips met in a passionate kiss. His hand gripped her hips tightly as he pulled her against him, and she could feel his hardness pressing against her. She gasped into his mouth as he wrapped one arm around her waist and took her by the hand.
The atmosphere was dream-like, filled with the scent of fresh sheets and jasmine that seemed to fill every corner of the room.
As soon as they reached the master suite, Alejandro grabbed hold of Dayna's waist and tossed her playfully onto the bed. He then proceeded to peel off her shirt, revealing her petite frame adorned with perky breasts. She moaned softly as his fingertips brushed over her erect nipples.
As the door burst open, Alejandro and Dayna were startled to see Corey standing at the foot of their bed. Dayna quickly grabbed the blanket to cover herself, panic rising in her chest. Alejandro smiles. "It's ok", he whispers.
Dayna was embarrassed at first, feeling exposed and vulnerable. But as she saw the way Corey looked at her with heat in his gaze, she started to feel excitement and thrill instead.The heat that surged through her body intensified as Alejandro flashed her a smile, silently letting her know he knew exactly what Corey was thinking too. He moved closer to Dayna, wrapping an arm around her waist before burying his face in the crook of her neck as they continued their passionate embrace.
As Corey watched on, Alejandro kissed his way down her stomach, taking time to tease her belly button with his tongue. Then without warning Alejandro moved lower, tracing circles around the waistband of her panties before slowly slipping them off with one fluid motion. She gasped softly in surprise as he trailed kisses along the inside of each thigh before finally burying himself between her legs and beginning to eat her out hungrily.
Dayna cried out and grabbed fistfuls of Alejandro's long hair, holding him against her as she came undone in his mouth. it felt like fire running through every nerve ending in her body as Alejandro's tongue expertly explored all that she had to offer him. Her breathing grew deeper and heavier by the second until finally all thought escaped from her mind except for how amazing it felt. He kissed his way back up to meet her eyes again, a satisfied grin playing on his lips.
Lost in a foggy state of bliss, feeling every sensation that coursed through her body. Dayna looked over to find Corey sitting at the edge of the bed jerking his cock, clearly enjoying the show she was putting on for him. His desire was written plainly across his face and it only made Diana feel even more aroused than before.
"Do you want me?", she whispered breathlessly into Alejandro's ear. The heat radiating from each other's bodies felt like an electric pulse that connected them together as one.
Her eyes widened in shock as she pulled up Alejandro's shirt, revealing his fit and toned body. She had never seen someone so strong, let alone have the pleasure of touching them. Her fingers ran up and down his abs as her breathing became heavier. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Dayna eagerly went about exploring every inch of Alejandro's body with both hands now until finally coming to rest on top of his hardening length between his legs.
She felt a thrill move through her body at the contact, and it only intensified when Alejandro took hold of her hand and guided it down lower to where she could feel just how long, thick and aroused he was beneath the fabric of his jeans. Alejandro leaned into Dayna's embrace as she began caressing him with one hand while using the other to unzip his pants.
Alejandro looked into Dayna's eyes with a smoldering intensity that made her heart race even faster than before. Alejandro pulled down his briefs, revealing the most beautiful sight Dayna had ever seen: his huge, veiny, cock.
Dayna gasped in awe at the sight before her. Alejandro groaned hungrily as he watched Dayna wrap her fingers around it. She smiled and looked up into his eyes with a mischievous glint, as if asking permission to continue exploring. With another moan escaping Alejandro's lips, he grabbed Dayna by her hair and forced her head down, pushing his cock into her mouth. She gagged slightly and Alejandro moaned loudly, thrusting his hips forward, sinking further into Dayna's hot mouth and down down her throat.
Alejandro leaned back and enjoyed the sensations Dayna was creating for him. She sucked harder and took more of his cock into her mouth, making Alejandro's toes curl with pleasure.
Dayna let out a low moan as she savored the taste of Alejandro between her lips. His long, thick cock filled her mouth completely, and with every deep thrust against her tongue, an electric thrill raced through her body. Her eyes drifted to Corey who sat at the edge of the bed watching them intently. Dayna felt his gaze like a caress on her skin as he took in every moment of their passionate encounter.
Corey moved closer, joining them on the bed and ran his hands over Dayna's curves before coming to rest firmly on one cheek of her round butt. He squeezed it gently and Dayna could feel his arousal growing inside him as he continued to watch them from this new angle. She licked across Alejandro's throbbing shaft and moaned even louder when Corey began massaging both cheeks of her ass simultaneously with an increasing intensity that matched hers perfectly.
Alejandro increased the speed and depth of his thrusts while Corey worked magic on Dayna's behind - pushing her ever further into blissful rapture.
Dayna felt a surge of excitement as she got down on all fours. She couldn't believe this was happening, but here she was in a luxurious hotel suite with two gorgeous guys ready to ravish her body. Alejandro stood behind her, his cock just inches from her pussy, and Corey knelt before her with his already erect member aimed at her mouth.
Alejandro started thrusting his hips forward, pushing his cock deep into Dayna's pussy. Her eyes rolled back as she screamed with pleasure and pain. Corey took the opportunity to slide his cock into her mouth. Dayna moaned intensely as she felt both cocks inside of her. She was being used like a sex toy, and she loved it.
The room was thick with the smell of sex as Alejandro continued to fuck her brains out, while Corey continued using her throat. Dayna was having the time of her life getting fucked by both of these hot guys. She loved feeling their cocks inside her at the same time, and she could tell that they were enjoying it too. She moaned with a throat full of cock and writhed beneath them, wanting more and more of their hardness inside her.
The pleasure was intense, and overwhelming, and she came hard, crying out as he continued to fuck her through it all. Alejandro squirmed and moaned before abruptly pulling his cock from her soaking hole and swapping positions with Corey.
Alejandro watched with delight as Coreys' cock slipped inside with ease due to how wet she already was.
When Corey entered Dayna from behind, she moaned out loud in pleasure while Alejandro watched hungrily from the side.
Alejandro moved into position behind Dayna as soon as Corey finished inside her pussy first; using his cum as lube he started pounding her deeply with powerful thrusts. Finally, after what felt both too short and too long at once, they released together in an explosive climax that left a double creampie inside her warmly inviting depths.
The feeling of complete submission to these two strong men was intoxicating for Dayna as she let them own her body without hesitation or restraint. They were gentle but firm as they pleasured each other and explored new depths together until finally reaching orgasmic heights at the same time, leaving both satisfied and exhausted from pure pleasure.
Finally when all three were exhausted, there was one final moment that left Dayna feeling both exhilarated and ashamed - Corey examining her cum-filled pussy while Alejandro kissed her lips softly before grabbing his own clothes and making his exit.
Exhausted yet strangely satisfied, Dayna lay there feeling like some kind of sex toy that had been used up and discarded without a second thought - something that made both parts of herself feel strangely good all at once. It wasn't long before reality set back in however and Dayna realized what had just happened: two complete strangers using her for their own pleasure without any real concern for hers -- but still somehow leaving behind a lingering sense of satisfaction deep within herself nonetheless...
But once reality hit after all the pleasure faded away, fear quickly followed suit when she realized what had just happened between them all -- something that would have been considered shameful by society if it weren't for this secret meeting within four walls late at night -- something that could ruin lives if revealed to others.
With them gone, Dayna laid on the bed alone for a few moments before reality set in - along with regret and embarrassment flooding through her soul like an icy wave crashing against rocks on a shoreline -- forcing her into action as she quickly searched for her clothing pieces scattered around the room before scurrying off towards the bathroom to take care of herself physically so that she could start dealing with what just happened emotionally.
After cleaning herself up off any remaining traces of shame, guilt and regret left over from what transpired earlier in the night; Dayna gathered up enough courage to face them again - fully aware now more than ever that this kind of love should remain hidden.
Dayna nervously stepped away from Alejandro's suite, feeling guilty for what she had done. She had been foolish and careless, and now she was paying the price. She glanced around the hallway, half expecting John to step out of the room at any moment and catch her in her act. But the hallway was still and silent, just like her heart.
She took a deep breath as she started making her way to the elevator that would lead back to her room. She dreaded having to face John, but she knew it was something she must do now.
Her head felt fuzzy as she walked along the carpeted floor, her shoes seeming loud against its softness no matter how softly or slowly she moved along it. The elevator seemed so distant and unreachable; it almost felt like an impossible mission for Dayna as if time had stopped for her while everyone else kept walking steadily alongside it.
As soon as it opened at last, Dayna stepped inside quickly and pressed the button that would lead her back up to where she belonged - away from all the guilt and sorrow that surged through every cell of hers at that very moment in time.
Dayna slowly and carefully opened the door to the room, her heart pounding against her ribcage as she did so. As she entered the dark room, she held her breath as not to wake him up. The only light came from a faint glow of the nightstand lamp. John was sleeping peacefully on the bed and Dayna felt a wave of relief wash over her as she realized that he had no idea of what she's done. She exhaled softly, feeling the weight of what she has done lift from her shoulders just a bit.
Dayna stepped into the bathroom, her heart still racing as she undressed. She could still feel the lingering sense of shame and was desperate for a way to wash it away. But something else lingered too--a wetness coming from inside that made its presence known only when she slid off her panties...Alejandro's cum still oozing from her slit, slowly dripping down the inside of her leg.
She stepped into the shower, allowing the hot water to run down her body as she scrubbed at her skin trying to erase any physical evidence of this night.
When she was finished, Dayna stepped out of the shower, taking a moment to look at herself in the mirror. She had to face the truth, this night had changed her. She was still the same person on the inside but something about her had shifted. She could feel it deep within her, a new sense of strength, courage and sexiness that she was determined to embrace.
Dayna lay in bed, regret and guilt coursing through her body. Tears streamed down her face as she thought about how she had betrayed John.
Dayna put on a pair of cozy sweatpants and climbed into bed, snuggling close to John. Even though the episode made her feel powerful, Dayna couldn't help but feel guilty for what she'd done. Tears streamed down her face as she thought about how she had betrayed him. She was scared he would find out and knew last night had to stay a secret. As John wrapped his arms around her, Dayna felt a sense of peace. She knew that no matter what happened, he would still love and accept her for who she was.
Suddenly, Dayna felt a wave of relief wash over her. The guilt and shame that had been weighing her down seemed to evaporate, and Dayna felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted from her shoulders.
Dayna woke up, wondering if last night was just a dream. But as the memories of her experience began to come back and she felt the soreness in-between in legs, she knew that it had been real. She felt uneasy, but also strangely empowered. As she lifted herself from the bed, she realized that John was no longer there and felt an immediate pang of longing for his warmth. She left the bedroom, but John was nowhere in sight. Dayna reached for her phone and found a text from him, saying he had gone out for breakfast.
"Gee, thanks! Thanks for the invite." Dayna thought to herself.
She texted him asking when he'd return, but got no reply. Going to the bathroom, she found her cum-filled panties on the floor and quickly began washing them in the bathroom sink; feeling horrified. Did John see? Does he know? She felt anxious.
But then her phone buzzed with a reply from John. He said he was on his way back and that he needed to talk to her.
But then her phone buzzed with a reply from John. He said he was on his way back and that he needed to talk to her. Dayna panicked. What did he know? Was he angry? She sat in the bathroom, trying to will away the fear and uncertainty.
When John arrived, Dayna had calmed down a bit, but she was still scared of what he might say. He looked tired and serious as he walked in the door.
"Hey babe" he said softly.
Dayna looked up, nervously awaiting his words.
"about last night," he said, "I saw Alejandro..."
Dayna's heart raced as she tried to sound casual, "oh, yea?", she asked, frozen in place. "what did he say?"
John sighed and looked away. "He told me how drunk I was, and that you had to take care of me."
Dayna felt immense relief. "oh baby, it's ok." she said, her voice trembling. "I just...I wanted to make sure you were ok."
John nodded and smiled, his eyes softening. He reached out and wrapped his arms around her as he kissed her forehead.
"I never get that drunk," he said, "I don't know why I did it, but I'm sorry. It will never happen again."
"It's fine," she said, "we're on vacation, after all. Let's just forget about it and move on."
John nodded in agreement.
"so, where did you get breakfast?" She asked.
John stutters his answer. "I, uh, went to the cafe down the street. I got you a sandwich."
John reveals a brown paper bag with a sandwich inside, and Dayna smiled.
"Thanks, I'm starving!" she said.
She picks up the sandwich and sits on the bed, crossing her legs.
"You didn't get one?," Dayna asks, looking up at John.
John shook his head. "No, I wasn't really feeling it," he said quietly. "I just had coffee."
Dayna nodded, understanding.
"I'm going to take a shower.", he said.
"Ok," Dayna said, taking a bite of the sandwich.
John headed for the bathroom and Dayna watched him go.
Dayna's stomach dropped as she realized the implication of his words. He had still been upset about the night before.
Dayna felt overwhelmed with a sense of dirtiness and shame as she stood in her room, her mind still reeling from the events of earlier. She knew that these events of this night had changed her, and she was not sure whether it was for better or worse.
Dayna stepped into the bathroom, her heart still racing as she undressed. She could still feel the lingering sense of guilt, shame from earlier that night and was desperate for a way to wash it away. But something else lingered too--a wetness coming from inside that made its presence known only when she slid off her panties...Alejandro's cum still oozing from her slit, slowly dripping down the inside of her leg.
Before steeping into the shower, she noticed a buzzing coming from John's phone sitting on the bathroom sink. As she unlocked it, she discovered hundreds of messages between him and some girl, each with increasingly affectionate language over months of conversation. She felt sick with dread as she read through them, but also relief in now being able to justify her own streamy affair moments before.- it seemed he had been carrying on this affair with this woman for months right under her nose!
Dayna stood their nude, filled with Alejandro's seed and feeling tears pricking at her eyelids as the gravity of the situation sunk in. How long had they been talking? Who was this woman that he'd trusted more than me? A thousand questions raced through her mind as the shock gave way to rage.
Dayna scrolled through John's messages, her heart racing with anger and betrayal. She saw that he had been exchanging daily messages and updates with the other woman, and that they had even planned to meet at the beach later that day. This explained John's strange behavior earlier, and only added to Dayna's fury. To her dismay, she realized that the purpose of this Miami trip wasn't to spend time with her but was instead to meet Jamie--the attractive streamer.
Dayna was consumed by anger and resentment as she scrolled through John's messages, searching for any trace of the other woman he had betrayed her with. She was determined to delete every last one of their conversations, to erase any evidence of the affair from John's life.
But as she was about to hit the 'delete messages' button, a sick, twisted idea of revenge took hold of her. She wanted to make John regret ever betraying her, to make him suffer for his actions.
So instead of deleting the messages, Dayna threw his phone back on the bathroom sink and took a deep breath. She felt the icy hatred coursing through her veins, and she knew that she would make John pay for his betrayal. She quietly sat down next to him and waited, a smile of malice on her lips.
She spread her legs, running her finger along her opening. She inserts her finger, the squishy sound of wetness cum is heard upon her finger's insertion.
She had been cheated on and lied to, and she was determined to make John pay for his actions.
She fumbled with the shower knobs, trying to adjust the temperature before finally stepping in.
She stood there for a few minutes, letting the water flow over her body until it had almost completely washed away all of the guilt and shame. When she stepped out of the shower, Dayna could finally breathe again. She allowed herself a small smile as she stepped in front of the mirror, realizing that this was one night that would stay with her forever - but not necessarily for the worst.