Abi's California Adventure
"I'm Abigail and this is Deviant Ride, where I sneak into theme parks after hours and 'convince' one lucky park employee to join me. This week we take our biggest risk yet: we're hitting Disney California Adventure. We'll start here at Disney's Grand Californian Resort & Spa. Built back in 2001, this hotel is known for two things: it's beautiful arts & crafts design and its private entrance to the Disney California Adventure Park, which you can see behind me. But first, let's show you what you really want to see."
I removed my heavy, specially designed tan trench coat and tossed to my partner in crime, Tyler. Tyler had been my pet for over a year at this point. We met back when I was a bikini model. I stole him from his high school baseball game (he was eighteen, stop crying) and won him over. He now belongs to me 24/7. The modeling career was too safe. I needed a naughtier way to tease. That's when I turned to YouTube. He manned the smartphone I and filmed my web series.
Now her I stood in all my glory. Tanned, flawless skin, juicy ass, large commanding breasts all exposed to the night air. All I wore were my red high heel boots, over-sized Mickey gloves, and Mickey ears.
"Right now, the park is only open to hotel guests, a perk called Extra Magic Hours. This makes it the perfect time to begin our little game. Follow me. Through these doors we now find ourselves in Disney California Adventure. This is Grizzly Peak, originally called Golden State, this land deals with the natural beauty of California. Now let's go find tonight's lucky... volunteer."
"Now we're talking. A bit young, can't be more than twenty by the looks of him, the cutest damn boy I've ever seen. Besides you of course, Tyler."
"Of course."
Let's go say hello. Hey there baby."
"What the hell?"
"What's the matter, baby?"
"Where the hell are your clothes?"
"Why on Earth would you want me to cover a body like this?"
"Miss, this is a family park. You need to put something on or leave."
"I thought we could go on a ride together."
"I'm working right now; besides, you can't go on any rides naked."
"Sure, I can, watch."
I grabbed him and pulled him for a hug, forcing his face between my breasts, cutting off his air. I held him there for several seconds.
"Toss me my toy," I shouted to Tyler.
He tossed me something small and metal. I let go of the boy's face letting the boy catch his breath. As he did, I slipped the object over his hands locking it into place. Confused he looked down to see I had trapped his hands in a pair of handcuffs connected by a hinge, keeping them trapped closely together.
"Take these off me! Now!"
"I can't."
"What the hell do you mean you can't?"
"Look at me baby? Does it look like I have pockets? The key's out in my car. If you want out, you're gonna have to be my date tonight."
"I could just call for help."
"Do that and I'll tell them you tried to rape me and I turned the tables on you. Do you really want to risk it?"
He thought about that for a second.
"Fine. What do you want to do first?"
"Let's go on Grizzly River Run. You can take me through the cast member entrance."
"Grizzly River Run is a raft ride," I explained to my viewers as we walked, "themed around the state's many national and state parks it opened with the park back in 2001."
Exiting the Cast Member Entrance in the ranger station style queue we came to the round raft ride vehicles. The three of them climbed on. Tyler took his seat and buckled up. As I took mine, I grabbed the boy and pulled him into my lap. I then buckled us both in together.
"This isn't safe," he warned me.
"Yeah, but it sure is fun."
The raft took off passing through a small Northern California town with the artificial bear shaped mountain in the distance, and past a national park lodge before heading up a ramp inside a sawmill. I wrapped my arms around the boy holding him tightly against me.
"Don't worry Baby, I've got you."
At the top we hit the water again and turned a corner near a claw shaped rock reaching the mouth of a tunnel. It was then the water started getting rough and raft began to spin and bounce. We flew through tight turns and down drops as the raft circled the course. Water splashed up into the raft splashing our strange pair, his wet clothes now sticking to my skin. Following a large drop, we found ourselves next to an effect simulating a forest fire. As we reached the end, I unhooked us, and we sneaked off.
"There, happy?" the boy once we were safely away.
He shivered as he spoke. I gestured to Tyler who tossed me the trench coat. I wrapped it around us, holding him tight.
"Very. Now on to the next ride."
"Our next stop is Paradise Pier. Built as a Coney Island style amusement park when the park opened in 2001 it was re-themed in 2008 into a turn of the century Victorian boardwalk. In 2018 the land will undergo a second re-theming becoming Pixar Pier. We will be focusing tonight on Mickey's Wonder Wheel. Originally the Sun Wheel this eccentric wheel now features Mickey's face on the side like the way it appeared in the opening to his old cartoons. What's an eccentric wheel you ask? It's a Ferris Wheel whose central cars slide back and forth as the wheel turns. Let's go try it out."
The boy led us through the cast member entrance again right into a swinging car. The wheel started up. As it began to turn the car began to rock wildly back and forth.
"Now this gives me an idea."
I unzipped the boy's pants and began pulling them down, along with his underwear.
"What are you doing?"
"What's it look like?"
"It can't be what it looks like."
"Why not?"
"Because teasing me is one thing. This... this is something very different."
"Yes, but it's very fun. That's not the whole story though, is it?"
"I just can't imagine a woman like you would want to do that with me."
"Baby, I've been five seconds from dragging you into the bathroom and ravishing you since the moment I saw you."
I climbed onto the boy's lap taking him inside my. The wheel turned, the car slid.
"God this is amazing!" I screamed as I started to ride him at the same time.
Thrusts of womanly hips combined with the swinging of the car raising the ecstasy of the experience. By the time we reached the bottom the boy with thrusting right along with his kidnapper. With neither of us having climaxed we slipped off into the night.
"We will now take a quick break in the Pacific Wharf mini-land. Based on Montery's Cannery Row and Fisherman's Wharf, this small stop only has one attraction. The Boudin Bakery Tour. Inside this building we'll see how sourdough bread is made. For this attraction, I'll have to cover up a little bit I'm afraid."
Tyler tossed me my trench coat which I dawned and used my arm to cover the boy's hands and hide his cuffs. Inside a fellow cast member handed us a sample of sourdough bread. We watched a short video starring Colin Mochery and Rosie O'Donnell. Once it was over, we began our self-guided tour. It was at this point I tossed my coat back to Tyler. As we walked, I kept the boy pressed up against me, his back resting against my full breasts. Every few minutes I'd pinch his ass.
"Stop that."
"No way, until I say otherwise this cute little ass belongs to me. I can do whatever I want with it."
By the time we left I was sure he was too sore to sit down. Too bad. We were ready for their next ride.
"Welcome to Cars Land. Added in 2012 this 12-acre land is themed after the town of Radiator Springs from Disney & Pixar's Cars. Tonight, we're gonna ride the Radiator Springs Racers. The signature ride of the land it is built on the former site of the Timon parking lot. Let's go."
Using the employee entrance, we emerged into a Route 66 Roadside attraction style ride station. We slipped into one of the cars themed cars and it took off. As we traveled along an outdoor path through a monument valley like setting, I took off my coat again. I then unbuttoned the boy's pants again. We then entered the dark ride section.
As the audio-animatronics figures put on their show I put on one of my own. I pulled the boy's dick out of underwear and began to stroke. He moaned and bucked all the way through. I made sure to not to let him cum though. I could be a real bitch when I wanted to.
Our car came to a stop. A second pulled up next to us. We were then shot off in a wild race. We even won. Granted it was randomized but we still enjoyed it. I kissed the boy all over his face as if to thank him.
"Now, where to next?"
"Now from one Pixar land to another. We are now in A Bug's Land. Built over 2001 & 2002 the land is mostly for children containing Flik's Fun Fair. As you can see, we have been 'magically' shrunken down to the size of bugs with grass and dandelions towering over our heads. So, what are we doing here? Well, there is one attraction in this land we can advantage of. If you've ever been to Disney's Animal Kingdom in Florida, then you know just what I'm talking about: It's Tough to be a Bug.
"Using the cast member entrance, we're now in the ant hill ready for the show to begin. As you can see, I'm using my trench coat again because of all the little kids here. Don't worry it won't last. I have to say the best part of this part of the park are the joke posters throughout the queue like the upcoming performance of 'Beauty and the Bees'. Oh, the doors are opening. Let's go in."
We took their seats in the rear of the theater. The lights went down, and the show began. As it did, I tossed off my coat and pulled the boy into my lap, straddling me. I began bucking and trashing, dry humping the poor boy. I forced his head down to mine and began to assault his mouth with my own. For his part we went right along, groping my breasts as best he could with the cuffs on. Then the show effects kicked in. The strange movements of the seat just made me hornier.
Before either reached of us climax the show ended, and we were forced to scurry off to their next ride.
"Now here's where things get good. We're in Hollywood Land. When the park opened in 2001 this 1930's set land was known as the Hollywood Pictures Backlot. It was home to several attractions set around this theme including the infamous Superstar Limo. We're here, however, for the land's most controversial ride.
"To update an under-performing park Disney built a West Coast version of Hollywood Studio's massively popular Twilight Zone Tower of Terror here in Hollywood Land in 2004. Built with a Pueblo Deco design it soon became a fan favorite here as well. Then in May 2017 the ride finished it's retrofitting into the new free fall attraction Guardians of the Galaxy: Mission - Breakout. The hotel is now the Collector's fortress, and the ride now has a more upbeat and humorous atmosphere. Needless to say, it has divided guests. Let's go check it out."
I was covered by my trench coat for the time being. Bypassing the lines and display cases of Marvel Universe artifacts the Collector has obtained over the millennia. After a pre-show featuring an Animatrionic Rocket Raccoon we climbed into the elevator - now Gantry Lift - and settled into the back.
The car started up the shaft. I forced the boy's head under my coat coaxing my breast into his mouth.
"Don't let go and don't bite," I warned.
No sooner had the words left my lips then the car was dropping. The boy screamed along with the rest of the riders but his muffled by the mouthful of tit flesh it was now desperately trying not to lose. The car rose and fell again and again. We ended going up and down 13 times in all. By the end the poor boy was hardly on. I pulled him off, closed my coat and led him off.
"Last stop," I told Tyler.
"Here we are in our final land of the night Buena Vista Street. Originally Sunshine Plaza this land was retrofitted in 2008 to reflect LA in the 1920's as it was when Walt Disney first arrived in town. Here we're going to do a little shopping before we leave. It's a little tradition here on Deviant Rides.
"I've chosen to pick up tonight's souvenir from Oswald's a faux gas station named for Walt's first cartoon superstar Oswald the Lucky Rabbit. I'll keep my coat on here but leave it open. My new friend's gonna buy me something nice."
We found their way into the black & white interior of the store full of toys, car accessories, Mickey Ears and more. I picked out a nice black & white mickey head patterned dog collar and leash combo from their Fetch line.
"Here we go," I told the boy, "this will look great on Tyler."
He paid for it, and we sneaked out and behind the store.
"Toss me the key," I told Tyler.
He did just so.
"What?" the boy asked, "I thought you didn't have the key with you."
"I lied," I said nonchalantly.
I unlocked his cuffs and put them back in my coat.
"This is the end of our little tour of Disney California Adventure. Until next time I'm Abigail and this has been Deviant Rides. Hope you enjoyed the ride. I know I have."
Tyler turned off the phone and went out to the car. I turned back to the boy.
"Now before you go..."
I tossed my coat aside and pressed the boy against the back wall of the store. I forced my mouth onto his, forcing my tongue inside. The boy responded immediately kissing her back, his hands now free roaming over my body. I began to fumble with his pants.
"Zack!"
The boy yelped and pushed me away to face the man.
"Mr. Jacobs." he squeaked, "I can explain."
"This is a family park. I will not tolerate such behavior. You're fired!"
"But... but..."
"Now get your ass out of here, all of you, or I'll call the cops."
So that's how we ended up out in the parking lot. Zack sat on the curb, utterly depressed. I, still totally exposed, regarded the boy. I was just having a little fun. I didn't want to get him fired. I needed to make it up to him. An idea came to me. I took the collar out of my bag and snapped it in place around his neck.
"What are you doing?" he asked.
I didn't answer him. Instead, I attached the leash and began to walk away. Zack was yanked along behind her still utterly confused. I stopped at my car where Tyler sat behind the wheel engine going. I opened the rear door and shoved Zack inside. He was too stunned by this turn of events to protest. He never got the chance. I climbed in after him, slammed the door shut and a laid down on top of him, trapping his face in my breasts.
"Home," was all I told Tyler.
The three of us strolled into the living room. Tyler took off his clothes at the door and put them in the laundry basket by the door. I had trained him so well. He then laid down on the couch to watch. I turned to the still stunned Zack.
"Strip, clothes in the basket."
"Why?"
"I think you look much better naked. Besides we got them plenty dirty tonight."
"What am I doing here?" he asked, still complying.
"To make it up to you for losing your job you're being treated to a week as my lover. Nothing but sex and pampering."
"Do I get a say?"
"Of course not."
The week passed and we both knew Zack was not leaving. He was mine. It was going to be a strain on the finances but I'd make do. Then one night my phone rang.
"Hello?"
"Abigail Scranton?"
"Speaking."
"I'm with the Temple of Domina."
I sat straight up in bed.
"How can I help you?"
"Actually, we want to hire you."