Oil and water, chalk and cheese, beauty and a beast, all describe opposites and all describe my new and growing relationship.
Our first meeting was in my dentist's office. She was having her pristine pearly white teeth cleaned while I was in for another root canal.
We were the only two people in the waiting room. She was absolutely gorgeous and hard not to look at. I tried to think about distractions like my upcoming root canal but my eyes kept glancing back to this beautiful creature.
She caught me looking a few times. Finally she smiled and introduced herself. "Hi, I am Elizabeth Griffin.
"Reg Griggs", I replied. "You look familiar and so is your name but I can't place it."
"I am a judge. A lot my cases make the news."
"That's where I have seen you! You are quite the celebrity."
"Many judges do the same work as I do. I don't know why I get so much attention."
"I do, you get attention because you are a powerful, wise, principled and very beautiful woman."
"Thank you for the compliment. What is your line of work Mr. Griggs?"
"It's Reg, and I am an electrical engineer. I work contracts with a few construction companies. I do everything from factories, apartments, condos and homes."
"It must be rewarding work."
"It pays well and there is no shortage of opportunity. I wish more youger men would consider the trades as a career."
Just then Reg heard a piece of music start playing in the waiting room. He closed his eyes as he listened intently. Music had been his life at one time and this song, this recording was sublime.
"Oh you poor man you must be in terrible pain." said Elizabeth.
Reg laughed and opened his eyes. "I am in pain but that is not why my eyes are closed. That music that is playing is Allegri's Misereri. It is one of the most sublime choral pieces ever written and one of my favorites."
Elizabeth smiled in agreement then heard the hygienist call her in for her cleaning. Moments later Reg heard the dental assistant call his name, he shuddered and walked the long walk to the chair.
Elizabeth Griffin walked out of the dental office and stepped into her Mercedes-Maybach GLS SUV. She had enjoyed her brief conversation with Reg Griggs. She thought that he was a handsome man and seemed to comfortable in his own skin. She was a bit sad thinking that they would likely never meet again.
I walked out of the dentist's office with the right side of his mouth numb and it felt like I was drooling. I got in my GMC Sierra 1500 AT4 and drove to my current job site. It wasn't every day you met a celebrity like Elizabeth Griffin. She is a very accomplished and beautiful woman, way out of my league. So imagine my surprise when three days later I get a phone call.
"Reg Griggs speaking."
"How is your mouth feeling this morning Mr. Griggs?"
I recognized the voice straight away.
"It is just fine thank you Judge Griffin. To what do I owe the pleasure?"
"I am in the middle of a case and we are on break. Reg, I have a symphony society event this Friday evening that I must attend. I have the option of a +1 if you would like to join me. It will be a symphony performance and reception. When I saw it come up on my calendar you came to mind. You had such a strong reaction to the Allegri piece. Would you mind accompanying me for the evening?"
"It would be my pleasure!"
"It is a stuffy affair so black tie. I'll be in a gown. It is probably best for me to have my driver pick you up so we can arrive together. I am looking forward to enjoying an evening with you!"
"Sounds wonderful."
We said our goodbyes. Holy crap, now to get a tux that didn't look like a rental.
I kept thinking that I was going to be a fish out of water at the event. I was not a society guy. I was a blue collar engineer. I really didn't want to let Elizabeth down. I had a tailor whip me up a tuxedo to fit my frame, expensive but what the heck, live a little.
Elizabeth and her driver showed up in the Mercedes-Maybach right on time. It was an impressive set of wheels.
Elizabeth looked absolutely stunning. She was wearing a single shoulder black dress that complemented her exquisite figure. it wasn't exactly sheer but it certainly wasn't opaque either, revealing just enough to make a person want to see more. Her high heels brought her a little bit closer to my height but she was still petite.
Arriving at the concert hall was a bit of a zoo. There were a crowd of onlookers and photographers. It was a crazy scene, surreal and more that a bit intimidating. Elizabeth took my arm and guided me, pausing several times to pose for photographers. I hoped I wouldn't look too dorky in the pics.
Once seated in the concert hall she apologized for the paparazzi but it was commonplace for events like this.
I assured her that it was fine, just a little uncomfortable experiencing it for the first time. The house lights dimmed, the maestro took the stage. The opening chords of Beethoven's ninth symphony gave me goosebumps. I blissed out through the first movement. As it closed I glanced over at Elizabeth who was wearing a huge grin.
She whispered in my ear, just loud enough for me to hear, "I am so happy I chose you as my escort tonight."
The rest of the symphony was wonderful. We all moved to the reception where the music was a bit more modern and danceable. The champagne was flowing and the guests were enjoying themselves.
I asked Elizabeth if she would like to dance. She took my hand and we took to the dance floor. I mentioned to you that she was petite, her heels brought her up to the perfect dancing height. Her head fit nicely on my shoulder. speaking of shoulders, my head was just above her naked shoulder. It was so pale and smooth, I just kind of lost my head. I bent my head down towards her shoulder and I lightly kissed it. Realizing what I had just done I stood bolt upright and whispered in her ear.
"I am sorry, I shouldn't have done that."
"It felt very nice Reg, Nothing to be sorry about. It just fit the moment."
We continued to dance for a few more songs when a grey haired gentleman tapped me on the shoulder and asked me if he could cut in. I let go of Elizabeth and took a step back. Elizabeth turned towards him and spoke.
"Marcus this is my guest and date for this evening, Mr. Reg Griggs. Reg, this is my ex-husband Marcus Griffin."
We exchanged handshakes and greetings.
"Marcus I would rather not change partners. It wouldnt be fair to Reg and it wouldn't be fair to you since there is no way I am letting you back in my life either personally or professionally."
I loved the no nonsense tone in her voice. I could hear a little bit of her Judge voice, stern and very sure.
"Fine Elizabeth, have your little fling. Enjoy the rest of your evening Mr. Griggs."
Elizabeth looked at me and asked if I would like to get some fresh air. I nodded and we made our way across the floor to the terrace.
The terrace was beautifully landscaped and subtly lit. Elizabeth and I found a bench and sat.
"I am sorry that you had to endure that Reg. My ex and I married in my final year of law school because he managed to knock me up. He was a senior partner in the law firm where I was working. I ended up with a miscarriage which sent me into a spiral of depression. Marcus wouldn't understand or show any compassion. All he cared about was getting me back to the law practice. It was pretty obvious the marriage was a mistake. We divorced a little over a year ago."
"I am sorry that you had a bad marriage. I had a good marriage but my wife passed away due to an illness. I kind of poured everything back into my work to deal with the grief."
"Aren't we a pair." she said and held my hand.
"Elizabeth, I know that the night is young and we have more time to enjoy each other's company but I have to ask you, could I ask you out on another date?"
"I am shocked that you would want to after the drama of a gala and a butinsky ex-husband but yes. Please ask me out for another date. Now, lets get back to the dance floor before tongues get wagging about what we are up to."
Dancing with Elizabeth was a real pleasure. She seemed much more open and less apprehensive since our conversation. At one point she moulded her body so close to mine that I felt the blood rush to my nether regions. it created enough of a bulge that she noticed and she simply rubbed my back and she kissed my neck. Ok, I went from half mast to full in a hurry. It just seemed to wind her up more.
At the end of the evening Elizabeth's driver took us to my home. We held hands as we sat in the back. I told her I would be in touch and we kissed. It was a soft kiss that bloomed into something ripe and luscious. Her tongue found mine and we carefully danced in each other's mouths. Suddenly I could feel the heat and the need inside her and she intensified the kiss.
"Would you like to come inside?" I whispered.
"Yes, I want to, more than you know, but I will have to say...not yet Reg. I am sorry."
"Don't be sorry. I promise I will call."
She and her driver left me standing in my driveway staring at the receding car, a huge boner in my pants that I was going to have to take care of without delay. What a woman!
The next few days were quite busy and I put in a lot of hours but my mind was frequently on Elizabeth and our evening. We were from completely different worlds but somehow that night we meshed so well. I didnt know what to do for a second date because the first was incredible.
I called her the evening after the symphony and left her a voicemail.
"Hi Elizabeth, it's Reg. I wanted to tell you how much I enjoyed last night's event and how much I loved getting to know you better. You are an amazing dancer. I would love to see you again. Do you have time to maybe meet for a lunch or I could take you to dinner."
An hour later his phone rang.
"Reg how nice of you to call. I had a blast last night and yes, lets do lunch Wednesday. "
"Wonderful! Should I pick you up at the courthouse?"
"Sure, I have to tell you Reg, I haven't had a night like last night in ages. I am sorry that I didn't come in when you asked but, well, I am a little gun shy and I am very much out of practice. A lot of my reserve comes from the fear that the press will catch me doing something scandalous and use it against me."
"I understand. I will see you Wednesday."
We had a nice lunch at one of the more upscale restaurants near the courthouse. It was far above where I would normally eat. We had some wonderful conversations about the state of the world but mostly we spoke of our loves, our desires, our plans.
"Reg, did you see the press coverage of the symphony gala?"
"No, I haven't ' seen anything."
She pulled out a folder from her attache case and I opened it. There we were, standing together on the red carpet, the beauty and the beast. She looked as beautiful as I remembered and I looked out of place and uncomfortable in a tux. I remembered the gown she wore was not sheer nor opaque but the flash from the camera made it look very sheer. You could see the dark thong clearly and her breasts showed clearly through the top.
"Wow, daring" I said.
"Reg, I must confess that have a bit of a kink, I have exhibitionist tendencies and I will often choose dresses and gowns that are...conservative enough but given the right light, well you can see the results.
The reports also were asking who was Judge Griffin's new boy toy."
"We enjoyed the lunch so much we agreed to maker it a regular thing. Each took turns choosing the restaurant. One week we would be dining at an exclusive restaurant and the next at a diner. We enjoyed them both."
We discussed her exhibitionist tendencies occasionally at lunches. She said it was a particularly dangerous kink since there were always people wanting to take down a judge or have them in their pocket. She longed to be daring but when I do I take a big risk.
After a few months I asked her if she would go on a different kind of date with me. I suggested a hike along the lake. She loved the idea.
We hit the lake trail Saturday. It was a wonderful day and there were no cameras, no reporters, just us. It was a quiet day on the trail.
Elizabeth wore hiking shorts, very short hiking shorts which showed off her lovely legs. She wore a tank top with a khaki camp shirt overtop. She wore a baseball cap and had pulled her hair back in a ponytail. She looked nothing like the glamorous woman in the one shoulder gown or the woman in the judges robes. She looked amazing and she was ready to hike.
We used the time to talk more about our pasts and how we got to where we were now.
I explained my small town, working class family, my musical studies which were abandoned for electrical engineering. My marriage and my wife's illness.
She spoke of her upper class heritage, private schools, many boyfriends and law school. She mourned her miscarriage and deeply regretted marrying Marcus. She was thrilled when she was called to the bench as a judge. Since the divorce she had been spending most of her time with work. Surprisingly she decided to concentrate a bit more time on personal issues the day she met me.
We got to the half way point so we found a place to rest and drink some water. We sat together looking out over the lake. The gentle breeze coming in off the lake was refreshing. she leaned against me and put her head on my shoulder and she took my hand. I turned my head and kissed the top of her head. My arm went around her shoulder. She turned her face to me and kissed me. It didn't start slowly like it did before but it began with the heat and need that she had expressed at the end of that night. Soon I had my hand on her breast gently stroking it through the shirt. She reached down and rubbed her hand over my growing erection.
"Reg, this is too soon but I want you, I need you so badly."
"She removed the camp shirt but kept the tank top. I could now see her nipples hard against the thin fabric. My fingers danced over them, lightly stroking and rolling them. She moaned and kissed me again. Breaking the kiss she stood up, looked around and took my hand. we walked off the path deeper into the brush. She laid her shirt on the ground, took off the tank top and removed her shoes, pants and panties. She stood there naked in front of me. She looked like an angel with sun behind her. She stripped me. and she lay down on the discarded clothes and held her arms wide, beckoning me to come to her. I knelt between her legs and lowered my head to her her elegantly trimmed pussy. I inhaled deeply, filling my senses with her musky sweet essence. I kissed her vaginal lips gently and she moaned, or was that me who moaned? We were both highly excited. My nose grazed her clitoris as my tongue licked at her. She bucked and held my head firm as she climaxed.
"Oh Reg, so good, oh fuck here it comes again." She bucked again and again.
"Reg fuck me now. I need you inside me. I need your cock filling me, fulfilling me. Fuck me please!"
I moved into place and gently entered her. Little by little I stretched her until she took over and thrust herself on me, impaling her cunt with my cock. We started to move together building up a rhythm, ever increasing in intensity, speed and force until I whispered to her that I was going to cum. She whispered back to me, "Cum inside me. I want all your sweet sperm. Make me yours Reg. Cum in my fertile pussy."
I came harder than I ever had before. I pumped load after load. I was spasming for at least a full minute.
I rolled off her and we lay there panting.
"I have never cum that hard Elizabeth. I know this is crazy soon but I have deep feelings for you. Were you serious about being fertile?"
"Serious as a heart attack. It is too soon, but I am falling for you too Reg."
We quickly dressed, found our way back to the trail and finished the hike.
On the way back to her home she asked if I had fathered any children.
"Are you having second thoughts about my ejaculating inside you?"
"No, not at all. If I was to get pregnant I would love that child with all my heart. If the father stayed with me we would have a wonderful family. If he doesn't then I will raise the baby alone."
"If you were pregnant I would help you. I will be there for you."
"I am not looking for a commitment today or tomorrow. I have great and wonderful feelings for you Reg and you would make a wonderful father but I wouldn't dare try to trap you into a marriage. Believe me, the first time didn't work out so great. I wouldn't make that mistake again."
"Elizabeth, let me say this again. It is way too early in our relationship for commitments but I wish it wasn't too early, I want to be with you. Please lets keep our options open. I want to see where this journey takes us.
We parked the truck and I walked her to her door. She leaned into me and we kissed. She whispered, "Would you like to come inside?"
"I thought you would never ask!"