Several years ago, while I was in Memphis on a business trip, I decided to visit an adult theater after reading about incidents in an alternative newspaper. Decked out in khaki cargo shorts, loafers and a polo shirt, I left my hotel in the general direction of the airport. I found the address of the adult bookstore/theater and parked the rental car near the front door. The lot was about half full, maybe 12 or 15 cars, but they were mostly around the side of the building, and but I felt better parking near the street.
The inside of the bookstore was very bright, but the only people around the packed shelves were two customers scanning shelves and a bored overweight clerk with a scraggly gray beard. I saw the theater entrance at the far end of the room, so I walked up to the counter and purchased a ticket. As I walked through the door to the theater area, my eyes adjusted to the dim light. I stood just inside the door for a couple of minutes while I scanned the room, examining the theater and deciding where to take a seat.
The theater had about 15 rows, with probably 10 seats per row, and the aisle was along the right wall. There looked to be 8 to 10 single men in the theater, mainly near the front area, and a few sitting together, so I slid in the second row from the back, and moved left until there were just two empty seats between myself and the wall. I settled into my seat and adjusted my shorts slightly to accommodate my already swelling cock as I watched the XXX movie on the screen. The movie was hot, of course; the scene playing when I got there was a busty redhead wearing a purple strap on dildo assfucking her slim blonde girlfriend. The redhead was crouched over the blonde, reaching under her to twist her nipples viciously, and the blonde squealed with a mix of pain and pleasure. I was squeezing my cock through my shorts when the theater door opened and light filled the aisle.
A man and woman entered and quickly closed the door behind them, and I watched as they walked down the aisle towards the front of the theater. The man was probably in his mid to late 40s, salt and pepper hair and moustache, and wearing a t-shirt and running shorts. The lady was stunning to look at. She was around 40, with shoulder length blonde hair. Her body was voluptuous and curvy, screaming for attention, and in that horny environment, she got plenty of attention. Her black mini-skirt hugged the sexy flare of her hips, and exposed plenty of her smooth legs, accentuated in their curvature by high-heeled pumps. Her proud bustline preceded her, held place by a lacy black bra, which was clearly visible through a see through white button down blouse. They walked to the front part of the theater, two or three rows back from the screen, and then scooted towards the middle of that row.
I could see the silhouette of the couple whispering to each other as they watched the movie and occasionally looked at the others around the theater. They leaned towards each other and started kissing, deeply and passionately, and I imagined (but couldn't see from my position) his hands wandering over her lush body. Over the next few minutes, several of the other moviegoers got up and moved so that they were basically circling the couple and watching them, as the movie features were forgotten. Someone sitting behind the couple reached over the seat to grope the woman, only to have his hand slapped away by her husband. Another man sitting two seats to the woman's left got the same treatment when he apparently reached for her thigh. After a few minutes of her husband telling these guys to back off, he and his wife stood up and started walking towards the aisle. Well, shit, I figured the evening's excitement was already over.
About halfway up the aisle, they stopped and whispered to each other, then proceeded to get into the row I was sitting in. I thought maybe they didn't see me in that dark part of the theater near the back corner, but she winked and smiled at me as she sat down, leaving two empty seats between us, and her husband sat at her right side as before. He peeked over her shoulder at me and told me to "just be cool", so I nodded and sat up in my seat. They resumed their make out session, and I could see her cheek bulge out as his tongue invaded her mouth. He had his left hand behind her back, and his right hand was free to explore her body. He squeezed her boobs roughly through her blouse, and I'm sure I heard her breathing change when he did, but her breathing stopped for several seconds as he unbuttoned her blouse.
He pushed the filmy fabric aside, then stopped kissing her long enough to make sure that I was watching, and yeah I sure was! Her creamy skin was exposed, above and below her bra, and I was staring so intently, I almost didn't realize there was a man moving into the row behind us. He stood directly behind the couple and watched for a few seconds as he rubbed his bulging crotch, then sat down just to then woman's left.
I started caressing my hardon again as I noticed the husband's hand slide between her boobs to find the bra clasp. His fingers unhooked the clasp, and then the bra sprang open, causing her heavy magnificent boobs with very obvious erect nipples to be exposed to my lustful gaze. The husband's head dropped to her chest and he sucked her nipple into his mouth as his hand slipped between her luscious thighs and under her skirt. His hand moved under her shirt for a couple of minutes, and from the wet, sloshy sounds I heard, there was no doubt that he was giving her a good old finger fucking. She lifted her ass off the seat enough for him to pull her skirt up to her hips, giving me a bird's eye view of her gorgeous pussy, shaved clean except for a v-patch of blonde pubic hair above her pussy, and her husband's two shiny fingers sliding in and out between her puffy lips.
The guy sitting behind her leaned over the seat and grabbed her tit, but he got slapped away and he was told to fuck off. Apparently, he thought they were kidding, because a minute later, the same things happened. The husband stood up, and had his wife stand as well, and I was sure they were leaving this time, but what they did next was a complete surprise. He told her to sit on MY left, and she scooted in front of me, facing forward so that her voluptuous asscheeks jiggled sexily as she moved to her new seat. I wasn't sure how to react or what to do, but when that sexy blonde milf brought my mouth to hers and groped my throbbing cock bulge, all of my inhibitions were gone!
My hands explored her fleshy boobs, squeezing, caressing and pinching the heavy globes as she unzipped my shorts and brought my proud throbbing member out to the cool air. But she kept my cock warm with her soft hand, wrapped around it and stroking. I buried my face between her tits, smelling and tasting her clean just washed skin, feeling hot sweaty tit flesh on my cheeks.
"Eat me," she said. I glanced into her eyes and she repeated, "Eat my cunt!" Damn, I didn't have to be told twice.
I dropped to my knees and slid her luscious thighs over my shoulders, then dove face-first into that sexy woman's pussy. I used my lips, fingers, tongue and even my nose to tease and please her. I licked and sucked her pussy for all I was worth, and she humped her ass up off the seat to mash my face even deeper into her cunt. Her hands were on the back of my head and her fingers tangled into my hair as she fucked my face mercilessly. Her moans turned to growls and grunts as she came again and again, gushing pussy juice and never once releasing me from her fleshy grip until her breathing returned to near normal. She winked and told me to get back in my seat, and when I did, she straddled my lap facing me.
My cock slid into that well-lubed pussy balls deep, and I latched my mouth onto one of her stiff nipples, sucking like a madman. I grabbed onto her meaty hips, pulling her up and down on my cock. "Yeah, baby," she growled, "Fuck me good.... fuck me.... fuck me.... fuck me...." She repeated her chant with each downward thrust on my cock, oblivious to the small crowd of masturbating men sitting and watching her fuck my brains out. When she reached back between her asscheeks to squeeze my nuts, there was no holding back.
My cock exploded in her, flooding her insides with several strong jets of hot cum. She continued riding my cock until she had a second orgasm, bathing my face in her sweat and my lap with her pussy cream. She was still grinding my now withering dick as she smiled and asked what plans I had for the rest of the night.
"None... yet."
She leaned over to her husband and whispered something, then told me to wait a minute after they left, and meet them out in the parking lot. After we put our clothes back in place and they left the theater, I counted 60 very slow seconds on my watch. But when I got outside, there they were, waiting in their SUV.
What happened next is another very hot story...