"Wake up Tom."
"Huh? Wha...?" Zach Pedigo jumped to attention as he found Heidi Baker kneeling over his slumbering form patting his chest. Trying to focus at the daylight from her skylight above he winces and sits up rapidly, "SHIT! What time is it?"
"Relax! I have your back Daddio. I knew you had to get up for work so I set your alarm clock to wake me up, so I could get you off to work on time. It's only 6:30 so go shower. I'll put on some coffee."
"Thanks. After last night I totally went blank about no alarm."
Claiming her cellphone from his side she notes a call, "You called Khloe from my phone?"
"Mine was in my bedroom. I didn't wanna go back and get it. Besides you had her number I didn't."
"Brave man."
"Yeah, she caught on that you recorded my video for her. Asked about it being weird, you being my daughter. I told her incest is best." He crawled to his feet, stretching over her, his dirty cock swinging in front of her face. She flinched to avoid an impact on her cheek.
"You did not." She smirked, "Better stop that swinging single or I might bite it off."
"You won't. Listen, about last night, when I...penetrated you. I shouldn't have done that."
"What's done is done. You nearly had me Tom. That swinger there felt entirely too good. For the record?"
"I'm listening."
"As much as that moment felt right, I think it's better we just keep things simple."
"You still gonna be naked every night when I get home?"
"I can be. I warned you I prefer being a free spirit."
"Girls still sleeping?"
"Yeah! I hope Nasty's mom doesn't lock her up for not coming home last night. I'll cover for her if she does get bent out of shape. Their culture is very reclusive."
"Ah! Showering with me?" He casts a thumb toward the bathroom.
"Better not." She shakes her head standing up nude in front of him. Rubbing his abdomen briskly she adds, "Wash your own pecker Buddy."
Wiggling away without looking back Zach enjoyed the dance. Growling at his dick reacting to her tight heart shaped bottom, he shakes off his lust and heads to the shower. Starting it to let the water warm up, he brushed his teeth and rinsed. Into the shower he sealed the door and began cleansing his sexual stank. Four minutes in he heard a soft knock on the shower door. Expecting Heidi changing her mind he discovered something just as sexy. Nastiya stood outside waving at him with begging eyes.
"I got time." He chuckled and opened the door. She stepped right in and melded into his torso hugging him. "Good morning to you too." Lifting her chin to rest on his chest she smiles warmly.
"You may fuck me against the wall."
"Don't mind if I do."
Lifting her 102 pound body was child's play. As her legs entwined his waist his dick found its target and slid in with a bit of snugness. He recalled her being tight, not for much longer. Up against the shower wall he braced her back and thrust deep. Her lips kissing his chest with desire led to faster insertions. In no time at all Nastiya Iyamahorr was crying out her innermost pleasure. The more she echoed the more ears heard her. From the kitchen Heidi Baker abandoned the percolating coffee and followed the racket. Walking into the bathroom it was evident that her friend wanted more of Zach. As she watched their passion Heidi found herself touching her own clit. Even after four orgasms a mere 5 hours prior, the scene was making her horny.
"I should have joined him first." Her thoughts found jealousy. "Noooooooo! Stop thinking like that. Only a roommate. Only a roommate. Dammit!"
"You being nosey?" She heard her sister step in beside her rubbing her eyes of sleep.
"Telling me you aren't? He's tearing Nasty up." She whispers. "He fuck you that hard last night?"
"He didn't really fuck us. More of just put it in and let us get a feel of it."
Hearing this Heidi felt strange. Zach had done the same to her. She was glad it happened to her but she knew Kayla wanted him, at least she thought she did, even if she was reluctant to give in so soon. Slipping by Heidi, Kayla plopped down on the toilet and peed.
Bestial snarls came from the shower as Zach nutted hard inside Nasty, her response to scream out, "AGAIN." Her begging rewarded, he kept on pounding the Hindi beauty. More screams followed as her hands clawed at his back, an orgasm devastating her reality. "AGAIN." She rallied as Zach chuckled and paused.
"Love your enthusiasm Nasty girl, but I gotta get dressed for work. Come by once a week and I'll give it to you."
"As you wish. As do I." He lowers her to the shower floor and holds her close to him. She hugged him tightly, almost clingy. Regardless, Zach liked her commitment. On the outside Heidi observed Nasty's attentiveness and fidgeted.
Overhearing his offer Kayla pouts and calls out, "WHAT ABOUT ME?" , just before flushing. Heidi clenched her teeth knowing the cold water was coming. Hitting the momentary lovers full on they complained loudly. Kayla bulged her eyes, "SORRY."
"WASN'T ME THIS TIME." Heidi tried not to laugh.
Shutting the water valves down Zach pushed open the shower door to find Heidi and Kayla standing side by side leaning on the sink. Nasty had to be pried from Zach at his insistence. Taking up his towel Zach took time to first dry off Nastiya then slap her on the ass, "Go to my room." With a start Nastiya wiggled away without even looking at the other girls. That made both Heidi and Kayla curious of her new behavior. It was almost as if she wanted to be obedient. Zach's reaction proved to both sisters that his thoughts were of something very similar.
"Well I'm out." Heidi pepped up, "Coffee's ready when you are Pops."
"Thanks." Zach dries himself off finding Kayla less in a hurry. "You okay Bright eyes?"
"Bright but blind without my glasses." She smirked, "I can still see you though."
"Good to know."
"Right! Can't miss Hardy there." She smiles blushing, "Can I tell you something without you thinking badly of me?"
"Go for it."
"Last night was incredible..." She blushes even harder, "Even what Nasty and I did...together. We would never ever, ever, ever, have done that kind of thing without your influence."
"Turning gay on me?"
"Ohhhh no! Bi maybe." She giggles and hides her eyes.
"Close enough, you should always go with what you like."
"I...like that." She shyly points at his dick.
"He likes you too. As I told Nasty...come by during the week now and then, I'll make your night."
"Can I...be alone with you?"
"Course you can." He sets about putting on deodorant and cologne. As she watches his every move he combs his hair before deciding he was ready to get dressed. Stepping closer to Kayla he gently lifts her chin and gives her an exceptionally tender kiss on the lips. "Just don't fall in love." Giggling dryly she went expressionless. In his mind Zach knew that his words were too late, both Kayla and Nasty were seeing hearts floating in the air. Heidi was a bit harder to read. Last night she seemed more open to certain things, then just that fast she seemed to revert back to being colder. Definitely a tease, but less open to all the way. He had a strong hunch he could break Heidi's will over time. It had only been three days and look how far he had gotten. He had more pussy in three days, even under moderate conditions than he had in six months. These three girls were certainly going to keep him occupied. Add in Khloe...busy man Zach. He had no clue just how busy.
Following him to his room like a lost puppy Kayla found Nasty on her cell, still naked but listening to her Mother yelling at her, Nasty winced as if ready to cry. Zach noticed her fear and stepped closer lifting her chin as he had Kayla's. Tenderly, he leaned in and lightly kissed her lips, then followed that by a peck to her nose. Nasty brightened up at his concern.
"Mommah? I will be home soon. Give Poppah my love." A stealthy hang up she fell back on to his mattress and sighed, "I must find my own place. I overslept my curfew."
"Why don't you two get an apartment?" Zach points between the two as he puts on a pair of socks. Underwear already on.
"That requires jobs." Kayla scowled.
"Neither of you work?"
"Her parents toss money at her all the time. She doesn't need to work."
"They do. Yet, if I move out they will stop. I must attend college very soon or even that will end." Nasty pouted, sitting up and launching herself into Zach, hugging him from behind and kissing his neck. Raising his hand up into her hair he pats her head enjoying the connection.
"Calm it down. Get dressed and go on home before you get into worse trouble." He then looks at Kayla, "You should find work. I hear you and Heidi's mom share a place. I'm pretty certain she must want time to herself too."
"I know she does."
"How come you live with your step mom and not your real dad?"
"Long story. My dad's...a drinker. Nice guy, just gets...out of hand."
"Not even gonna guess what that means."
"Thanks for not pushing it. I...don't like to talk about it. Like I said he's really cool when he's sober."
"Alright. Can I get dressed now?" He chuckles.
"I need to get home too. Mom probably wonders where I've been."
"Presumes you're here with Heidi I'm sure."
"Yep. Did you see the dresser we bought Heidi?"
"I noticed, too tired last night to look it over close though."
"Can you fix the broken drawer for her?" Kayla asks.
"I can do that. Now gather your clothes and get out of my room, both of you little hotties."
"Little? HA!" Kayla pats her tummy watching it jiggle.
"Stop thinking of yourself as fat. Lose that forty pounds and never go back."
"Personal trainer still?" She smiles.
"I'm usually in the gym Thursdays and Sundays. Drop by and you can ride there with me and workout. I can invite 1 person on my package for free."
As the girls pick up their clothing Nasty hands Zach her panties. "You may keep them to remember me by." Chuckling he sniffs it and winks. "Wait! I thought you never wore panties." It was then he realized the size of the undies.
"I do not. Those are Kayla's." She giggles as Kayla drops her jaw.
"I wondered where they went." Kayla sneers at her bestie, "Keep them Zach."
"Only until you come back." He puts them under his pillow for safe keeping. From there he stands up and puts on a clean pair of jeans and a Gym sponsored T-shirt. Watching the girls get dressed until ready, he guides them from his room with pats to their bottoms. Closing his door he moves into the kitchen to find a bagged lunch, using the bag from the adult toy store he had bought Heidi's silver bullet. In the duration of his getting ready for work she had hard boiled 2 eggs and put them in a Tupperware dish with the bullet's remote, just for laughs. Heidi herself was nowhere to be found. Laughing about it he adds bottled water and an orange that her Mom had left.
Pouring coffee into a sealed cup he sipped at it while looking through the apartment for Heidi, they determined that she must have snuck out. It was too early for her to be at either job so where was she?
"I gotta go, I hope she has her key." Zach grabbed his lunch as Kayla texted Heidi one last time, receiving no reply. A trio of shrugs later they all headed out the door. Heidi was on her own.
Parting ways into two different parking areas the girls found Nasty's small car and departed. Zach at the front door seemed worried. Did Heidi get upset over his giving the girls more attention this morning, than toward her? Surely not, although after last night when he penetrated the bombshell blond she did appear needy, if not opposed to sex. He merely chocked her reaction to emotions, she had just endured four orgasms over a few hours time. Any woman would likely be emotionally clingy toward the person whom gave her such sensations. At least that was his way of thinking. Obviously, he was no expert.
Eying his cellphone for the time he knew he needed to head out for work, not wanting to test the Teleki's on being late his second day on the job. Although he was pretty certain they would not give him too much grief, they appeared to like his character, Mrs. Teleki even more after seeing his cock. He still had a good chuckle at how he walked right into a job that was so openminded. Leaving the apartment entrance he headed for his motorcycle, helmet in hand. Rounding a corner he found his Harley with an unexpected rider. Two unexpected riders even.
"There you are." He grins at Heidi wearing only a T-shirt. One of his too boot, therefore long and loose due to their size difference. Behind her on the seat sat her new friend Khloe wearing her nursing scrubs, brunette hair pinned back. "Is that Nurse Khloe riding shotgun?" He uses swagger in his balance.
"Morning Zach. I sent a text to Heidi bright and early. She suggested I surprise you before both of us start our day."
"Hope you don't mind Daddy." Heidi smirked sheepishly at referring to him as her Dad.
"Not one bit my loving daughter. Close your eyes I'm gonna say hi to Miss Khloe." He hands Heidi his helmet, lunch, and coffee, then reaches out for Khloe's chin lifting it to shock her with a warm welcoming kiss. Overheated Khloe fanned herself until they parted lips.
"That was unexpected. Nice but, wow! Not even a first date and your dad is making out with me." Khloe squeezes Heidi's shoulders realizing she wasn't wearing a bra, not that it mattered to Khloe Vaughn, she wouldn't wear one either if she wasn't on the job. Hopping off the bike to stand next to Zach she sizes him up, having never officially been up close to him. "Taller than I thought."
"6'2. You're 5'7 maybe?"
"Right on the head."
"That's Saturday." He winks, "If you're still up for that."
"Wouldn't miss...IT!" She drifts her eyes down to the bulge in his jeans.
"HEY! Virgin ears on fire here." Heidi puts Zach's helmet on her head as if blocking her ears. It warranted laughter. In doing so she nearly lost his coffee, the lunch bag at least dangled from the handle bars.
"You have my number now. Text me anytime. Call after 5:00." Khloe offers then moves in to hug Zach, while Heidi was hiding her emotions behind the motorcycle visor. As they hugged Zach ran both of his hands down the back of her elastic waistband, directly under her G-string straps, and squeezed her tanned ass cheeks. Shocked, she stiffens up and boldly returns the favor with her right hand on his crotch. Sighing Zach whispered, "Sexiest nursemaid I've ever seen."
"Like my firm ass Zach?"
"As much as you like my hard cock Miss Khloe."
"Very much."
"Keep this moment on your mind." He winks, "Just don't get too worked up around ole' Walter. He might think you're fantasizing about him."
"Don't even go there. He gets handy enough as it is."
"No shit. There's always a harassment suit waiting on him, he's loaded."
"Not my style. Unless, he gets reeeeeeealy bad, I can handle his advances. He pays me well for what little I do."
"Say no more. I wanna envision you, not him and you." He laughs. Removing his hands he returns them to her chin for another kiss this time goodbye. She melted.
"IS IT SAFE TO LOOK?" Heidi grumbled through the muffle of his helmet.
This led the couple to break away from bodily contact. Zach tilted his visor up and winked at her, "Get off my bike and give Dear ole' Dad a kiss goodbye."
"OH HELL NO." She climbed off, her T-shirt riding high revealed her own set of creamy white butt cheeks. Khloe caught a fleeting glimpse of those cheeks but merely smiled, as Heidi balanced his coffee cup on the seat, tripping on the shirt's length as it toppled to her calves, Heidi lost her own balance and fell against Zach. Even in his helmet the blond was gorgeous. With Khloe watching, Zach removed his helmet from her and taunted Heidi with a pucker. She squealed and avoided his kiss at all cost. Khloe found it humorous. Bolting away lifting the shirt to enable her run she raced for the apartment.
"That's love I swear." Zach winked at Khloe. She stood with him as he straddled his bike and fired it up. The revving gave Khloe goosebumps. "Been on a bike before?" He called over the rumble.
"Yes. My Dad owns a Fat Boy."
"So do I." He pats his crotch.
"I recall. Maybe I'll see you again before Saturday."
"I'll be here, every morning about this time." He puts his helmet on and takes his lunch bag from the handle bar, tucking it in a saddle bag for safe keeping. Coffee cup a problem he just empties it out after a few drinks, tucking it in the saddle bag as well.
"May I?" She attempts one last kiss, awkward through a visor, but it was embraced. With a tug at her bottom lip, Zach lifted the kickstand and backed out. Visor down he headed to work. Khloe began smiling and dancing in circles before looking around in embarrassment. Heading into the apartments toward Walter's she heard a loud round of cursing. It was Heidi. Climbing the single flight to reach her apartment Khloe calls out, "What's wrong?"
"Locked out. Key and my cell are both inside."
"I can call your Dad."
"NO! Don't do that. He just left and he's running late." Heidi panics then thinks rationally, "Does Walter have a master key?"
"I'm sure he does. Let me sneak down and look. He might charge you for unlocking it if he has to do it. I'll be sly and swipe it."
"You're awesome."
"I know. So are you." They share a bubbly moment of shoulder lifts.
As Khloe takes off Heidi sits down in the hallway leaning against her door. Down the hall another door opened and out came Sneezy Herman. Walking toward her sniffling he stops in front of her, "Do you live here?"
"Yep. Hey Herman."
"You know my name?"
"Sure do. I met Petra yesterday, your new roommate."
"Ah, ok! She spoke about me?"
"Said you were really nice. Allergies?" She awaits him to sneeze three times.
"To everything, I feel cursed."
"That's a shame. Drink honey lemon tea. That always broke my allergies. It's not just to beat a cold."
"I'll do that." He looks down at her legs, in her seated position she had the floppy T-shirt up to her knees for comfort, not even thinking that anyone could see her pussy. He got a very good look.
"Shit! Sorry! I wasn't even thinking."
"I guess I should apologize for not warning you. What's your name?"
"Me? I'm, "She couldn't say Heidi in case he remembered her from his own room rental ad, the one she blew off when mistaking Zach's apartment number for Herman's. Then again, did it matter? Petra would tell him her name anyway. "I'm Heidi."
"Heidi? Interesting! I had a potential roommate named Heidi before Petra came along. Same Heidi?"
"Nope! Not me." She flared her eyes, "Living here with my Dad." She pats the door.
"Mr. Pedigo has kids? I never knew that."
"Long story. I just found him. We're just getting to know each other."
"I see. Are you locked out?"
"Yep! Took Daddy his coffee and lunch. I forgot my key and he locked the door on me by accident."
"I see."
Timed perfectly Khloe rushes back upstairs with a spare key and unlocks her door, Heidi climbing to her feet hugged her, "Thanks bestie."
"No problem." Khloe eyes Herman staring at Heidi's butt and clears her throat. He stammered slightly and bid farewell, Heidi waving at him at least made his day. "Who was that?" Khloe winced.
"I call him Spermin' Herman. He accidently saw my hoohaw while I was sitting down." She snickers, "He lives down the hall. Strange sometimes but, he's ok."
"Gives me the heebeejeebees."
"Me too. Thanks again Khloe, you're a life saver."
"You're welcome. Heidi?" Khloe fidgets with a look of uncertainty, "Are you alright if I date your Dad? I mean...I'm close to your age, more than his."
"Told you he likes younger. I'm cool. Just keep the screaming orgasms down when I'm watching Catfish."
"I bet Herman's a Catfish." Khloe grimaces.
"Never know. My turn to get ready for work. Later masturbator." She sticks her tongue out at her.
"Hold up!" Khloe pinches Heidi's shirt halting her entry, "Did you...watch my video?"
"Yep! SEXXXXXXY!" A wiggle of her eyebrows Heidi enters and shuts the door. From the other side she yells, "SEXXXXXXXY!" Khloe shivered and headed back to Walter's before he discovered her gone. Smiling and shaking her head every step going down.
45 minutes later, due to traffic, Zach followed a grey Camaro from the interstate, down along the frontage road toward his job. He noticed the car the day he first applied at Teleki's Siding & Insulation setting in the lot but wasn't certain who owned it. As their drive careened the series of curves leading toward the warehouse the car seemed to slow down. Catching up to the car Zach had a clearer view of at least the plates. Smoked glass although illegal kept his viewership limited. Not the side mirror however. In the mirror he captured a glimpse of the driver. Even with dark sunglasses on he knew the face, it was Cleo Teleki, alias the bosses daughter. She was driving slower only because she was looking back at Zach, even though she could not see his face for his helmets visor. Smirking devilishly he dodged her car, speeding up to zoom around her in the other lane. Leaving her in the dust he made it to work before she did.
Cleopatra Teleki pulled in next to Zach as he shut off his Harley and removed his helmet. Remaining on his seat but with the kickstand down he posed rather stud like. Eying him as she put her car in park, silencing her own engine she lifted her shades and smiled.
"I knew that was you." She winked.
"Nice plates, See Leo?" He grew curious of it's meaning.
"See as in the letter C. I'm also a Leo."
"Ah! Zodiac fan. Astrology isn't my thing."
"I looked at your birthday, you're an Aries." She remained in her car, her stereo playing Fall Out Boy's song Irresistible.
"That make us compatible?" He flirts dangling his helmet straps over his handle bar and resting back on his seat looking charming.
"The signs do match. Are you flirting with me Zach?" She toys with her long curly hair.
"Just seeing your reaction. Nice hair, you frosted the tips."
"You noticed. See...you're into me."
"Not yet, the day's young though."
Taken back by his blunt attitude she leans her arms on her car doors window sill, her caramel colored flesh a blend of African American, and Italian Caucasian gave her a perfect appeal. Her tiny nose ring adding to her beguiling smile. Sighing she adds, "You don't want my Momma?"
"I'm a free agent Miss Cleo. But...if I had a choice...I'd take ole' Stormy." Hearing him admit to wanting their midget employee, excuse the thought, little person, a midget wrestler on the side made Cleo giggle.
"I can set you up."
"I can do my own arranging. How about you? Boyfriend? Dating?"
"No one serious. I prefer being the one in charge of the asking. Sadie Hawkins rule."
"Good thing I'm not asking."
"I'll let you know." She wanted to blurt out that she wanted him but kept shy for the moment. She wanted him to notice more things about her first, just to seek his own reactions. If he really looked he would figure out her desires. As a moment of silence created tension Zach hopped off his bike and made a swaggered journey over to her car door. She removed her folded arms and closed her window. As he opened her car door like a gentleman she beamed. Fanning herself with her fingers first she sat there a moment letting him check out her long silky legs in a very short dress. The cream colored dress was designed as if it were knitted, tight yarn like material that had tiny gaps everywhere, revealing skin beneath. Zach definitely took notice.
"Nice dress."
"Like it? My Auntie made it for me, she's a designer uptown at a fancy firm called, Look See."
"Interesting name considering. Certainly makes a guy look to see."
"That's the approach." She snickers blushing. Braving her exit she raises her left leg to depart the car, in doing so a clear shot up her thigh high hemline offered Zach a stunning view of her inner thigh, a similar colored G-string tightened up into her camel toe. Noting his eyes lured to her admission she paused to take her sunglasses off her head and places them in a center console of the car. Having to stretch back a bit her G-string tightened even more. Before returning she grabbed her purse from the passenger seat and then made one further move. On her floorboard was a sun visor which she stretched to obtain. Her G-string exposed one side of her labia just that fast. Ignoring it she handed him her purse. "Can you hold this while I spread out my...sun shield?"
"Thought you said panty shield for a second." He laughed accepting her purse. Further stretching to fold out the windshield cover she went from parted legs into a half exit, so that she could plant a knee on her seat to lean across her dash to conceal the passenger side of her window. Yup! Zach took in that perfect ass. He could see her butt crack through multiple ports in the knitted dress, all the way down to her G covered clam.
"Are you looking at my ass?" She leered over her shoulder grinning.
"Trying not to. Failing miserably." He chuckled. With a giggle she shakes her butt a bit for his amusement.
"I twerk too."
"I bet you do." He winks then looks behind him at the sky, "Not sure why you're setting up your sunshield, looks like rain coming in from the west."
"Just a habit."
"We better get inside before your folks get the wrong idea."
"Let them. I'm 18. I know they can't stop me. Besides, how can they say anything knowing what they get away with? I hope you don't run off, but I wouldn't blame you. This place is a freak show."
"At least there's one freak here I'm curious about." He winks as she backs out to stand up straight, rolling her hands over her dress as if to remove wrinkles. There were none in a dress style like she had on.
"That's right. You have the hots for the short girl." She teased him over his earlier comment on fellow employee Storm.
"You're short."
"I'm 5'5."
"On your knees you would be. Or, all fours."
"Wow! Trying to get me to listen to Sadie?"
"Naaaa! I'm just messing with you. Here's your purse. I have to grab my lunch." He abandons her just that fast making her crease her brow. Shutting her car door and locking it with a remote on her key ring she moved on ahead to the front door of the office. In the windows reflection she notes him checking her out with a pat over his crotch. She hadn't noticed before now but Zach Pedigo was quite erect, his bulge restrained beneath tight jeans must be agony. If Zach could see her G-string patch now it would be soaked.
Awaiting him she returned the favor and opened the door for him. Into a blind moment as their eyes adjusted to the interior both were equally caught off guard by Cleo's mother Angel.
"WHAT ARE YOU WEARING?" Cleo grew agitated.
"A see through nightie. Don't I look yummy?" Angel sat at Cleo's desk finishing up a manifest for a delivery order, once done sending it to a copier behind her. Angel hopped up just that fast and gave them a 360 twirl to show off her total nudity behind the sheer nightie. Was it sad that Zach enjoyed the view of both women? He didn't think so.
"MY NIGHTIE!" Cleo snapped, "It's yours now, I'll never wear that again."
"Who paid you the money to buy this nightie with? Or, bought you that fancy ride. " Angel grew snippy with bulbous eyes.
"That would be Dad."
"It's me that does the payroll baby girl. Be nice to your Momma or I'll take out more taxes on you."
"Unbelievable. See Zach? See what I have to live with?"
"Ohhh I see." He chuckles trying to avoid sending Angel a mixed message.
"You like what you see Z. Don't you act all shy now, Mister I whipped my dick out in this office."
"WHAT?" Cleo dropped her jaw then looked at Zach, "Where was I?"
"School baby. Don't you worry your pretty little head, it was a really nice cock."
"It is. " Zach nodded with agreement as Cleo pouted at her misfortune.
"Here! Here's your silly nightie. I'll just work in the nude today." Angel removes the nightie and hurls it at her daughter, Cleo snatching it out of the air nearly dropping it. In her bending over for a second catch her knitted dress offered a further impressive outline of her butt crack. Zach was battling a stiffy at both women. As slutty as Angel was she had a body that any man would beg to take to bed. Well bought breasts did her shape justice. Of course, Cleo's tits were real and certainly playful when she walked, her bra lacy and hardly capable of containing her nipple spark.
"Daaaaaaamn Rihanna." Zach smirks whistling at Angel, "This place get many walk-in customers?"
"Only half the contractors in Seattle." Cleo rolls her eyes as she stashes her nightie into a desk drawer. She wouldn't really throw it out, just clean it really good. She knew it looked cuter on her than her slightly bustier mother. Not that she's had many chances to even wear it.
"Seriously?" He worried for a moment.
"We do good business here Zach." Angel prided herself on their establishment, "I'm Rock's business card." She added with a wink.
"She leaves papercuts." Cleo frowned taking over her desk and moving invoices around as she prepped her workload.
Eying her daughter with a glimmer of sarcasm Angel notices something that makes her move next to Cleo with more inspection. "You got your nails done."
"I did." Cleo smiles brilliantly then glances at Zach before slithering her hand under her desk to reside in her lap, almost embarrassed. It looked as if Cleo was moving in to touch herself. Hiding her expression by using her other hand to twirl her curly locks as a distraction. Only her right hand sharing her nails with her Mother.
"Awww! She wrote DADDY on her nails. Rock will be so proud of his little girl." Angel beams as if emotional.
"What makes you think she did that for Rocky?" Zach chuckles, "Might be for some mystery man she likes to refer to as Daddy."
Cleo bulges her eyes and swiftly avoids this conversation by hopping from her chair to go pour a cup of coffee. Angel notes her daughters reaction and winces, "Is that true Baby? Do you have a sugar daddy I don't know about?"
"NOOOOOOOO! I just wanted to be creative. It's for Dad." She was lying in a sly fashion.
"Mmmmhmmm!" Angel knew her kid well, she was hiding something. A glance at Cleo's other hand drew Mom in grabbing her wrist to examine Cleo's left set of nails. "I heart Z I P? What in the world? What is I love ZIP?"
"Leave me alone Momma."
"Not until you explain yourself."
"Oh look, Storm and the guys are here." Cleo aims to misdirect the conversation.
"Funny!" Zach chuckled, "ZIP is my initials...oh boy." He caught on slower than usual. Brows peaking he turns heal and opens the door for the work crew. In passing the men fist bump the new guy making Zach wince every time, his hands still swollen and burning from use without gloves yesterday. If he only knew the days ahead they would hurt far worse. As Stormy Belair enters she looks up at Zach and fist bumps his crotch, making him shake his head.
"What? I like that fist better." She bantered.
"One track minds around here I swear."
"Hello my loves." Angel migrates amid her male employees to greet them with kisses, their hands all over her. Cleo choked on her coffee, used to seeing her Mother be the social slut that she was, yet wondering if her nails were a bit too much, too soon. She really only did it to be flirtatious. Testing the waters if you will. With Angel occupied Cleo peers over her coffee cup exposing her left hand directly at Zach for him to visibly read if looking. Inquisitively he took the time to wink at Cleo with a light nod of respect. Eyes brightening up she returned to her chair and sat facing him. Legs parting while nobody was looking she shows off her cream colored G-string yet again. This time however she placed her left hand over her pussy and patted her nails. Definitely an invite and Zach knew it. Feeling bolder she used his locked in gaze to further inspire him by tantalizing him with a peeled aside G-string, revealing her thinly shaved runway and her very tight looking pussy. Using her nails in order she nudged Z between her lips, followed by the I, and finally the P. Once completed Cleo seals her pussy off with her G-string patch and closes her legs. Another sip from her coffee mug while sharing a sparkling set of eyes, she swivels her chair and gets back to work.
Zach sighed heavily and started to turn for the warehouse door to ward off his erection. He definitely did not need Angel or Stormy getting the wrong idea. Not that Angel wasn't appealing, nor Stormy in a very strange attraction, her being a little person. Stormy was pretty darned cute and curvy. Yeah, Zach had to bail.
Not in the cards Stud!
"Where are you going?" Angel broke away from her handy admirers and clutched Zach by a belt loop, halting his escape.
"Just going to find Rock."
"He'll be here shortly, don't you worry. I need you to look at me Zach." She uses two fingers for a confirmed eye to eye. Instead he lowers his gaze to her very aroused nips. "Okay, you can look there, I'm good with that."
"Hard not to look Boss lady."
"You bet your ass I'm hard to look at. I work hard on keeping this worthy of attention. I'm not naïve Muscles, I know you're looking at my Cleopatra too. Don't you dare hurt her."
"How many days on the job? You're naked in front of me, she has a crush, and Stormy is boxing my ball sack. What's next?"
Jaime Ruiz steps past Zach and stops cold to examine Zach's erection, "Mucho Gusto Mi Amigo."
"Thanks...I think. How do you people keep employees?" Zach laughs, "Scratch that, I know the answer." While rolling his eyes Stormy steps up and paws at his erection, "MEEEE FUCKING YOWWW! Nice scratching post Z."
"Enough already." He rumbles holding his temples as if stressed. "Look! I need this job guys. Can we just keep this sexual tension on the down low?"
"I'm down low." Stormy wags her brows and again pats his dick. "Looks pretty tense to me."
"I give up." He shakes his head thinking fast, "I'm not saying any of you aren't sexy as fuck, you are." A snapped glance at co-workers Gerald and Anthony he rules them out with a set of poised palms out of defense. Anthony shrugs looking at the elder Gerald. A comment that he knew he was sexy went over well. Gerald playfully confirming that. "I'm talking about the ladies. I just have priorities at home now...I just found out I have a daughter. She came to live with me and I need to provide."
"You have a daughter?" He hears Cleo appear shocked, locating her curiosity.
"Yep. Sure do. She's 19 now. I know...I started young." He again raises his palms chuckling. In doing so Angel took full advantage of them and stepped in front, pushing her breasts directly into his palms. Using her hands she squeezes his fingers around her tits and sighs. Zach froze and admired his hands gripping Momma Teleki's breasts. Definitely nice. As she removes her hands from his she was surprised he held on longer than he did. They were very, very firm. Shaking it off Zach growls, "I should have stayed in bed."
"Bed up in the loft Baby." Angel winks.
"Not going there Boss. Can I take the day off? I think it's gonna rain anyway." He laughs looking out the window at storm clouds rolling in. "Can't put up siding if it's pouring down."
"Mmmm! Just the thoughts of cum pouring down my sid..." Angel finds Zach's hand palming her mouth instead of her tit, one hand still lingering until he realized the delay. Removing the hand he points at Angel to behave.
"I need to go see my Psychiatrist." He chuckles directing his next vocalization at Angel. "You hush."
"You never declared any dependents on your tax deduction forms." Cleo recalls garnering Zach's attention. "I filled those out for you the day you got hired."
"Like I said, she's 19. Just knocked on my door and said, Hi Dad."
"Positive she's yours?" Storm added her observation.
"Can we change the subject?" He rolls his eyes, "Let me get used to the idea myself without you bozos giving me hell." His bluff was getting deeper by the second.
"No child support records either. I looked." Cleo grew suspicious.
"Stalker." He pointed playfully.
"Maybe." Cleo giggled, "Just checking you out like a good Human Resources would do."
"I never knew she existed, alright? Her mom and I had a one nighter at a party when I was 16. Young and stupid stuff. They moved away a few days later." Sounded good to him, "Can't tell me any of you were any different at that age."
"Not me." Storm puckered, "Still a virgin."
"Rigggght!" He sneers at her.
"I was 21." Angel shocked him.
"I'm not saying nothin'." Cleo giggled and placed her chin in her palm, elbow on her desk.
"Let's see a picture of your baby." Angel hugged him by the bicep, one breast to each side of his arm. Zach paused to look at her clinginess and envisioned titty fucking her before shaking the notion off.
"Not yet. Like I said she just found me a few days ago." He saw their disappointment and doubt enough to react swiftly, "Hold on, I'll have her take a selfie. She should still be home getting ready for work." Taking out his cell he texts Heidi who was drying off from her morning shower. Hearing the cell she looks at the text with a devious grin.
"Miss me that much?" She types back.
"Just send me a pic. Trust me. I have my bosses thinking I'm a father."
"Give me a minute Daddy." She laughs foregoing any LOL in her text.
As Zach waited he told the office community, "She's taking a couple." The group merely began talking about other things, namely Gerald who was a big Seattle Mariners fan. Luckily Anthony and he kept the tension down. Cleo however kept looking at Zach mesmerized by him. Angel had decided to lotion her body right in front of everyone. Storm hit the restroom. Zach himself was already regretting this lie. All he was trying to do was ward off the sexual tension in the office. His thoughts were already feeling guilt.
Five minutes pass before he receives his first photo. Opening it as the ladies grew interested again, he looks at it and bulges his eyes. A photo of Heidi's ass mooning him with baby powder on her cheeks was first with the caption of "Daddy took care of my diaper rash." So not funny. A connected pic had her sucking her thumb, caption, "Try as he might Daddy can't break me of sucking on things." Grimacing at her goofiness he holds the cell to his chest to confirm something to the ladies.
"Bad hair day. Let me have her try again." Texting her he writes, "BE SERIOUS. Just a smile." Seconds later he receives another pic, this time of her pussy from the side forming a tight smile. His boner was killing him. "KNOCK IT OFF. HURRY IT UP I JUST NEED YOUR FACE."
Finally he gets a sweet photo of Heidi, hair still wet but perfect otherwise. Just that quickly he shared the photo with Angel, and the returning Storm, finally, Anthony, Gerald, and Jaime. All of them appeared genuinely sincere in their admiration.
"She's beautiful." Angel fawns over his shoulder, "Come see Cleopatra." Cleo fidgets a bit then finally abandons her seat and moves next to Zach's other arm. As he shows her the picture Cleo bulges her eyes. "Isn't she stunning Baby?"
"Yeah! She is." Cleo knew that face. It was the girl from the nail salon. Concealing her reaction from Zach she departs just as quickly. Saved by the fact her Father burst into the office from the warehouse. Seeing everyone chipper, Rocky Teleki eyes his wife and offers swag in his step, moving to her side and turning her a bit before leaning in and biting her nipple. Squealing, as she held on to Zach's arm she pampers her husband's scalp.
"Dig in Pedigo. She's got another one." Rocky chuckles lifting Angel's other breast toward Zach.
"I ate a big breakfast. Raincheck?" He winced at even adding that, knowing Angel would be all over his reply.
"I'm holding you to that Handsome." Angel winks. Of course she was.
"What's wrong with my Munchkin?" Rocky notices Cleo pouting at her desk.
"Nothing. Just really horny these days and I'm not getting any." Storm chuckles, "Who are you calling Munchkin, Oompa Loompa?" She retaliates eying Rocky's own stunted height compared to his wife. He being 5'5, her 5'8.
"I'm talking about Cleo." Rocky frowns at Storm. "She mad because I'm still breast feeding and she's not?"
"SERIOUSLY?" Cleo raised her voice out of frustration, "Why didn't you two use condoms and spare me this life I lead?"
"Your father is just teasing you Baby. Show Rocky your nails."
Haunted by her mistake Cleo only flashes her right hand at her father. With his vision poor he makes his way closer to hold her hand reading DADDY on her nails in unison. Cleo hid her face shyly expecting a scene.
"That touches my heart little girl." He kisses her knuckle making Cleo blush. "See that Pedigo? She loves her old man."
"Lots of love it seems." Zach wanted to run.
"Anything on your other hand?"
"Luckily not a ring Rock." Angel snickers. "Show him Baby."
"Will you just butt out?" Cleo sneers at her mother, then hesitantly reveals her left hand to Rocky. Reading her nails he at first shrugged.
"I love ZIP? I don't get it."
"Zachary Ian Pedigo." Zach sighs. "Your kid has the hots for me." Beside him Angel Teleki flares her eyes and slides over behind Anthony, and Gerald for protection.
"Huh! At least you have a job to support my kid. OR DO YOU?" Rocky sneers then pats Cleo's hand, "Relax you moron. I know my kid likes ya. I saw it the first time she set eyes on ya. Kiddy crush don't you worry. Besides, you do her wrong I'll just make that Z into an R, as in R.I.P."
"Hey! I didn't start any of this Rock. Who was it that told me I could tap the kid if I wanted?" Zach rebels.
"WHAT?????" Cleo turns beat red laughing.
Zach adds more fuel while winking at Cleo, "That R.I.P could stand for Ride It Princess."
"OH MY GOD!" Cleo cracks up taking her hand back from her father's grasp, "You're as bad as they are."
"Where you hiding that bed Angel?"
"If I show you, I'm dragging you into it." Angel huffs fanning herself.
"Threesome with the Teleki girls? Hmmm?" He ponders with his eyes directed at the ceiling.
"Well just let me pop some popcorn first." Rocky chuckles, "Enough of this gab. Pedigo? Date my kid before you go seducing her. Spend your first paycheck on my little girl."
"Maybe my fourth check. I got evicted, but Heidi saved my ass for the moment. Gotta get caught up."
"Heidi? You already have a girlfriend? Ex-wife?" Rocky narrowed his eyes protectively.
"His daughter Rock." Angel jumped to Zach's defense.
"You have a kid? I took you for a bachelor."
"Sorry to burst your bubble. No wife, just an ex, Yushea. Not the momma."
"Interesting name."
"Crazy rich Asian." He laughed.
"Show Rock your daughter Zach." Angel prompted him into reviving his cell. Digging it back out he reproduced his only worthy pic of Heidi. This lie was getting out of hand. Admitting it was a lie now might get him fired, so he kept it going.
"Looks more like her Mom than me." He shares the photo with Rocky.
"I'd do her." Rocky smirks at Zach who went pale, "Chillax Pedigo. Now ya know how I feel hearing you wanna fuck my daughter."
"Did I..." Zach cut himself off not wanting to hurt Cleo. He actually did want to fuck her. "I'm not bringing my kid around you freaks." He chose to laugh about it all. That part was true. As the joking furthered a loud rumble clouded the room. Rocky moving to the window just as it began pouring down rain sighed, "Looks like we're working indoors folks. Anthony? Suit up you're blowing insulation today. Take Pedigo here with ya and get him a hazmat suit. That should get ya both through lunch. Gerald? Jaime? Sweep up the warehouse. Stormy? Hold my umbrella."
"Better get me a ladder if you expect that."
"I meant the one in my martini. Go make us a couple. We're gonna go watch some of your wrestling videos."
"Hold up Rock." Angel posed a finger, "Who am I playing with if everyone is busy?"
"You're getting Stormy's height." He lowers his palm to hover over his dick. Angel immediately grinned.
"Mmmm! Yes Daddy." A blowjob it was.
As everyone left the office Zach took a minute away from Anthony to return to Cleo. "Pssst!" She follows his call toward the warehouse door. "I'm honored. If I get back early enough wanna buy me lunch?"
"Me buy?"
"I'll return the favor when I get paid."
As he awaited her response Zach found himself bathed in two fluttering twenty dollar bills. Caught off guard he peers behind him to see Rocky holding his wallet open. Shaking his head at Zach he admits, "I wasn't gonna stuff them in your Fruit of the Looms. Go treat my kid to lunch, on me. I got faith in ya Pedigo."
"Thanks. You can deduct that from my paycheck."
"Naaa! My treat this time. Just put a smile on my kids face."
"I'll do my best."
"Maybe you two can go fishing. You can use Cleo's dress as a fishnet." He chuckled. Daddy had noticed her attire.
"Funny man Rock." As Zach watches Rocky wave his hand as he walks away, he turns his attention back on Cleo. At first eying her desk to find it empty he discovered the beauty on her knees in front of him collecting the fallen bills. Looking up at him with puppy dog eyes she smiles.
"I can tuck them into your Fruit of the Looms."
Motioning her up she rises to face him. Plucking the bills from her fingers he looks around for safety reasons and leans in to lift her dress up to her waist and tucks the bills under her G-string. "These look better on you. I'm going commando."
Shivering at his gesture she steps closer putting her palms on his chest. "I think Daddy likes you."
"So does Mommy." He laughs.
"She likes all men."
"I prefer you." He stares into her eyes.
"I know..." She begins to say that she knew his daughter, possibly his ex-wife, the Asian thing he mentioned giving her reason to suspect. Especially after hearing the woman at the nail salon say her ex-husband's initials were Z.I.P. Too coincidental. However, Cleo went mum. Why ruin a chance at Zach by sharing her info? She wanted him that badly. Changing the subject she makes fun of him, "Can't afford underwear? Should we stop by the mall and buy you a pair?"
Hearing her jest sparks an idea, "You know what? There's a really good restaurant out there. You like Mexican?"
"Yes."
"Sound good?"
"Go insulate. Tell Anthony to get you back here by noon. I'll be waiting in my car."
"Shit! If it's raining like this later it's gonna suck riding home on my Harley."
"You could take me home with you." She beguiles him while nibbling her lip.
"Date first. Daddy's orders. Besides my kid would be home. New to me stuff, y'know?"
"Oh." She wondered how long Heidi had actually been in town. After listening to her at the nail salon while waiting to get her nails done the girl appeared as if she had known her fellow workers quite awhile. Was there more to this than she was being told? Suspicion crept in yet Cleopatra Teleki kept it hidden well. Nothing was going to prevent her from fucking this man. Target in sight.
"See you at noon." He suavely kissed her on the lips and quickly pulled away.
"Seeya then."
As Zach walked through the warehouse to meet with Anthony he grinned, "Now I can see Heidi at work. Only thing is, how am I going to get away from Cleo? No reason they can't meet, right? Hmmm! Maybe I'll check out Heidi's boss and the punk rocker she mentioned too. Damn! My hands are getting full here."
They would still be sore tomorrow. Sorer still the day after. He just didn't know it yet.
==================
Coming soon : Be My Guest 6 : STRIP MALL