(Inspired by a roleplay. Thanks to the lady involved!) This is also my first story, please enjoy!
Darren was employed by a company headquartered in Washington. Part of the reason why he was paid so well was due to the unpredictability of his responsibilities both in his native hometown of London in the UK and in Washington respectively.
Though he enjoyed being in London, his beloved, hot brunette wife was waiting for him stateside. Her name was Jillian, the two had met during Jillian's (or Jill, as she preferred) final year at Oxford. Jill was shorter than Darren, but what she lacked for in height she made up for in being a housewife. Jill was by no means a unliberated woman, she just enjoyed the affirmation of keeping her man satisfied. It's why she practiced yoga on an almost daily basis and kept her figure intact. She figured that if she couldn't take care of her body how the hell would she expect Darren to?
Darren was pissed to learn that his flight from Heathrow to Dulles was already delayed by 6 hours. His wife had -- as she usually did, prepared for his arrival knowing his disdain for airplane food as well as his anxiety of turbulence. He passed up a chance to take an earlier flight too, adding to his misery. Because of the delay, Darren was missing out.
When he did finally arrive, it was very early in the morning. Darren was also jetlagged. He found his wife parked and waiting for him.
"Sorry I'm so late, dear." He said, through a tired London accent. Despite having not slept he still gave his wife his full attention, kissing her on her lips as he entered the passenger seat of the car. He fully believed that her Virginia accent was what caused him to fall for her back when they studied in Oxford.
Darren tried hard to keep his eyes open, the least he could do was keep his wife company for the 50 minute drive home. She could see he was tired but before she could insist he slept, the usual flow of traffic slowed to a stop. A traffic accident had occurred just before they set off from the airport, and the police had to block the road. At least, for the time being, Darren and his wife weren't going anywhere.
"Damnit." Said Darren, shifting to make himself more comfortable. He reached to the backseat to grab his coat, he might as wel-
That's when he noticed something. It had been a wet morning in Dulles when Darren arrived, and during the drive the dark sky compounded with the rain prevented Darren from seeing his wife fully. Underneath her wool coat that he had bought her last time they were in London, Jill was only wearing a silk nightgown! It stopped mid-thigh, and given the cold temperature, it had appeared to Darren that Jill wasn't wearing a bra; her nipples poked through the material.
"Wha-" he said, wordlessly. "You didn't get dressed?!"
"Babe, it's almost 2am! Of course I'm not going to doll up!" She replied, humored by his reaction.
Darren sighed, returning to his seat forgetting about his coat completely. It was sort of a cruel irony that the distance between the two, when Darren was travelling that the two couldn't have sex. But this also proved to be a major bonus when the two were finally together again. Part of the reason why Darren hated the delay so much was normally because he would spend his first night home fucking his wife's brains out. His wife was always grateful for it too. For all her lovers, her British, well hung husband could always satisfy her. His London accent proved to be her greatest turn on, she loved it when he spoke to her with it.
Almost immediately, ideas popped and floated into Darren's head. Jill had always had fantasized about public sex and had made her fantasies evident to Darren. They just never had the chance.
Darren placed his bare hand on Jill's knee. The unexpected touch caused her to flinch slightly. He gave her a reassuring smile, the traffic still had not moved. He continued to stroke her bare knee as she fixed a stare on the SUV in front.
"Babe...stop, people are gonna see..."
"And?" He responded, in his typical accent. He leaned close to her as he said it, pushing her hair aside to kiss her neck. She let out a sigh of satisfaction, and as Darren pulled slightly away to readjust it almost felt like an indicator from her that she wanted Darren to continue. So he obliged. He kissed her neck again, moving his hand higher up her thigh, stopping just short of her black panties.
He moved his other hand up her chest, placing his hand just under her right breast. Darren was a well known Ladies Man; he knew exactly what to do and when in order to get his woman fired up. She began shifting her body to make Darren's hands touch her where she wanted. She even moved his right left hand directly onto her pussy outside of her panties as she was already getting wet from his touch. Darren stroked her with care and attention, again he was just working her up at this stage. Her concerns of other road users were long gone at this point; the rain having picked up to such a degree that nobody could notice what was going on in their car.
When Darren felt Jill's lips moisten to the stage that they were soaking through the panties, he pulled them side and caressed her bare pussy. He could feel her shaved and waxed mound; she had prepared for him alright! He pulled her right breast out of her nightgown as he began darting his tongue into her throat. He played with her exposed nipple and used his thumb to simultaneously engage her clitoris. When he began teasing her hole with his fingers, she moaned loudly. She was wetter than before now.
Darren delicately lowered her seat into the reclined position, her body now lay horizontal before him. She could see from this angle her husband's cock straining against his pinstripe business trousers. She reached for the zipper to release his member, but he took her hand with his own, and shook his finger with his other.
"Not yet." He said, as he lowered himself to her bare pussy. He examined it like a professional with his craft. Her delicate area was ready for his homecoming. He started to kiss her pubic area, teasing her as he ran his tongue along her pelvis, not directly over her lips. When he finally did, it drove her crazy. His slow attention to her satisfaction; kissing her clitoris as he slowly rolled his tongue in between her lips made her moan with intense pleasure. It had been weeks since she was last fucked by her man. She had saved her self for this very moment, and her excitement was heightened by the hidden blessing of the traffic jam.
Jill started to buckle in her seat, her swollen clitoris gladly welcoming his warm tongue which was careful to ignite her senses. When he introduced his index and middle fingers, and then curled them into her hole, she felt like she could burst at any moment. He started working his fingers slowly; Jill reciprocating by pushing herself onto his face and mouth. As she did this, her moans got louder. She had to grab the rear right seatbelt as she came hard and her powerful orgasm took over. She panted, breathlessly and red in the face. But Darren wasn't done.
Darren had somehow managed to remove his trousers during, his massive cock was now oozing with pre-cum. He climbed on-top of her, stroking her hair with his other hand and looking lovingly into her blue eyes. With his other hand still moistened from her juices, he positioned his cock carefully at her entry and slowly pushed his way inside her. Jill practically wrapped herself around Darren as he started to work his way into her tight hole, moaning loudly into his shoulder blade. Darren took one hand and placed it underneath her bum, allowing him the grip to start pushing into her harder and faster. Before either of them knew it, Darren was pumping Jill with all his saved stamina, her legs dangling and planted on the car ceiling.
Jill had also tricks up her own sleeve. She began to moan his name in her sexy accent, which only encouraged Darren to fuck her even harder. Darren's veins began to pop in his arms, which excited Jill; her man was a strong man, and that made sex even more enjoyable. Darren's breathing began to become more deeper, a clear sign to her that he was close to coming. During his final thrust, Darren reared himself and planted his cock so far inside her, his ejaculate could be felt splashing on her walls as well as on the tip of his cock. Darren came at least 4 times, filling up Jill's pussy with his warm cum. When he finished, he again looked at his beautiful wife, her face having sank into a look of pure bliss. He kissed her on the lips one more time before adjusting her seat, and then returned to his own.
The traffic began to filter into a new, opened lane. Darren and Jill still had a 50 minute drive ahead of them, provided no more "delays" could distract them.