Slave/slut, Fannie, tells her husband how she craves being a dirty whore!
(To my loyal readers. I have received many emails from you in regards to skipping over Fannie's slave training. I have been working on that part of her story for some time and I am happy to announce that you will be able to read every detail in my next chapter. I thank you for your patience, your feedback, and of course your wonderful emails. Please keep them coming! For now please sit back and relax as you read this next chapter of your favorite slut, Fannie, in her own words!)
Pt 1. Her Master fucks her hard as she comes clean about being a dirty slut!
The floor is so hard! Thank God Master allowed me to sleep on the throw rug last night instead of the hardwood. He has tried to show me proper discipline since I returned from slave training! Master X told him that his training of me was only the beginning and I will need constant discipline if I am to be a true slave. I have been forced to sleep on the floor with my hands bound behind me every night since. I believe that I made Master very happy last night with my sex and that is why he allowed me to sleep on the rug.
I think that he enjoys me telling him about the details of what happens to me every day at work or when I am away. He told me that he would punish me severely if I ever held anything back or kept secrets from him. I have been punished for some things that I have done but I am sure that it would be much worse if he found out that I wasn't truthful with him. He asked me about what happened at the office yesterday and I told him about Miss Jordan ordering me to masturbate in front of the window so that the world could see what a slut I had become! Before I could get to where I came all over the glass and the carpet he bent me over the kitchen table, flipped up my skirt, and buried his cock into me. Oh it was a feeling that I had longed for all day!
He started pounding his cock into my cunt harder as the story progressed.
I must apologize for my language but Master has ordered me to always use the term "cock" for his penis and "cunt" for my vagina. I have always thought that the word cunt should never be used by a lady in mixed company but, I suppose, that I am no longer a lady but a slave and must speak in ways to make my Master happy.
My Master was giving me a good fucking which I wanted him to continue so I went on with the story after Miss Jordan sent me to get the cleaning supplies to clean up my mess.
"Go on. What happened when you left the office?" he asked.
"Unh. I didn't want to waste any time so I headed right out to the elevator. Unh. My right hand was still a little wet and when I looked down I could see more of my juices on my shoes and some still running down my inner thighs. Before I could do anything the elevator opened! There were two middle aged women inside, both dressed very nicely, coming down from an upper floor."
"Unh. I walked in and tried not to make eye contact as I walked inside and turned to face the doors. The women were standing behind me and I could feel their eyes upon me as the elevator doors closed and we traveled down to the lobby. I knew that they could tell just what I was, a total slut, by the way that I was dressed. Unh. I was wearing that short mini dress that barely covered my ass and with my 6" stilettos I looked the part of a true whore!"
I spoke in words that would arouse my Master as I needed my cunt to be fucked badly and by telling him every detail my plan was working!
"Unh. Unh. I was sure that they could see my fluid running down the inside of my thigh and as I looked down I could see that a couple of drops had dripped out of my cunt and glistened on the floor between my shoes!"
Master was banging me harder now and I wanted to finish my story before he came so I went on without pause.
"Unh. Unh. Unh. The elevator stopped at the lobby but as I was continuing down to the basement I stepped aside and gave the women a quick smile as they passed by me. I could hear them talking as they walked away. 'Did you see that! She must be a prostitute! Was that what I think it was dripping on the floor?' 'Yes! I think it was! What a slut!' They laughed at me as the elevator closed. I was truly embarrassed but the worst was yet to come!"
Master turned me around and laid me down on the table with my ass at the edge so that he could fuck me deeper. He pushed my knees up to my chest to open me wider!
"GO ON!" he said. "Don't stop or I'll put it in your ass!"
As much as I wouldn't mind my ass being fucked I needed to cum soon and he was getting to me just right at this point!
"Unh Unh Unh! I went down to the basement to find the maintenance shop. When the elevator opened I could see that the basement was cold and dark. I stuck my head out and looked up and down but had to get out and find someone soon so I stepped out and before I could change my mind the doors closed behind me and the elevator was gone! I was a little nervous but walked down the dark and quiet hallway. I passed a couple of doors until I found the one marked "Maintenance" and quietly knocked, not expecting an answer."
"The door opened a bit and a young man stuck his head out to see who it was. 'Hi! Can I help you with something?' he asked me. 'I was sent down here by Miss Jordan in 408 to get some cleaning supplies'. He opened the door fully. 'Come right on in!' He told me as he looked me up and down. The room was a dingy office with the larger shop behind it. There were two other men sitting on the edge of the desk talking when I came in. One was an older black man and the other was an even older Hispanic which must have been in his sixties. They were all dirty from work and the room smelled badly. They stopped talking and came right over to help me."
"The older black man said 'what can we do for you Missy?' I said 'I need some cleaning supplies. I made a mess in the office and I have to clean it up in a hurry!' 'Whoa whoa whoa! Slow down sweet thing! First things first Honey. What's your name?' He asked as he came up close to me looking me over. I told him that my name was Fannie and they all chuckled. 'Of course it is! That is a perfect name for something as sweet as you!' The men were so close at that point that I could feel one's hot breath on my neck!"
"I said 'Please sir I have to get back now. Can I please have the cleaning supplies?' He said that he would get them and come up with me and take care of it for me. 'What kind of a mess is it?' he asked. I blurted out 'No no! Mistress told me to tell you but I can't!' I let the cat out of the bag! 'Mistress huh? Just what did Mistress want you to tell us?' He asked as the men came around even closer to hear my answer. 'Please sir don't make me..........' I started to plead with him. 'If you don't tell us you won't get the supplies!"
"Adding 'What will Mistress have to say about that?' As he spoke the men blocked my exit and as I turned toward the door the younger one backed up against it and latched the door. I had no escape and even if I screamed nobody could hear us deep in the basement!"
"Unh Unh Unh! I had to tell them the truth as Miss Jordan commanded! I told them about my standing in front of the window raising my skirt for all to see my naked cunt! The men became aroused at hearing this and I could see the cocks hardening inside of their pants as they started openly grabbing at them. By the time I told them of my masturbating and ejaculating on the glass their cocks were already out and in their hands! I made the mistake of telling them that Miss Jordan wanted me to have it clean before her next appointment or I would be punished severely!"
"Unh Unh Unh! He told me that under those circumstances if I were to show them exactly what I had done they would make sure it is cleaned up in time. If not I was to return empty handed and feel the wrath of my angered Mistress. I was so embarrassed but I had no choice!"
"Uhn Uhn Uhn! I backed up against the dirty desk and raised the front of my skirt so that they could see my cunt! It was still pink from my hard rubbing earlier. 'Holy shit!' He said. 'She wasn't lying! Now open it up! We want to see what you got!' I opened my legs and spread my lips wide for them to see. It was still visibly wet and the site of me leaning back with my cunt open wearing my nylons and heels must have been too much for them to control themselves!"
" The black man had a very large cock and as much as I would have liked having it inside of me right then I knew that I shouldn't allow it as I was not told to do so by Miss Jordan. He walked up between my open legs and tried to put it in me! I told him that I didn't have time for that now and maybe he can fuck me at another time so he backed off and told me that I had better but for now he wanted me to put on a nice show for them!"
"Unh Unh Unh! I started to take off my dress and they swiped everything off of the desk onto the floor. I laid on my back and started to rub my wet cunt with my hands. They started running their filthy hands over my body squeezing my tits and fingering my cunt. I tried to rub as hard as I could because I was running out of time! They were all jerking off above me as one came on my tits and another started to shoot his cum onto my face. Some of it got inside of my mouth and when I turned to spit it out he put his cock in and said, 'suck it dry slut!' I didn't have much choice at the time so I sucked his cum out and swallowed it!"
"Uhn Uhn Uhn! I started to orgasm as the black man, jerking off between my legs, shot his load on my hand and cunt! I squirted a little this time and they were amazed. I guess none of them had seen anyone do that before! When I got up I looked for something to clean myself off with. The black man said, 'You ain't cleaning nothing! We are going up with you to clean up your mess and if anybody sees you on the way they will know what a whore slut you really are! And the next time you come down here you had better be ready to fuck. And I mean all of us!' I slipped the dress back over my head. I still had semen on my face and chest but I did as I was told and led them to the elevator and up to the office."
"Unh Unh Unh! As we entered the elevator the young man and the Hispanic carried all of the supplies and stood to either side of me. The black man stood directly behind me. We were centered to the front of the elevator and as the doors closed we could see our reflections on the mirrored surface. I was stunned to see just what a slut I looked like as I could see myself perfectly with strange men's cum on my cheek and chin as well as on my chest! I hoped to God that the elevator would not stop before my floor but my hopes were dashed when it suddenly came to a stop at the lobby! Panic set in! I was standing right in front with both sides blocked and with the black behind me with his hands on my hips pressing his groin against my ass!"
We were both on the verge of cumming as I went on!
"Unh Unh Unh!!! The elevator doors opened and standing not more than two feet in front of me was a well dressed gray haired man. He froze when he saw me as he looked directly at my cum covered face! I felt so ashamed! He knew that I whored myself to these men and yet I couldn't have felt more aroused! I could feel my nipples harden and my pussy flush even though I orgasmed mere moments ago. The man stood as if in shock as the doors began to close and just before they closed completely I licked my lips bringing in a nice wad cum to savor!"
"OH Master fuck me! FUCK ME HARD! NOW!!!! OHHHHHHHHHH!!!!"
I started to cum as Master shot his load into my cunt. The story that I told was too hot for him to hold back any longer. As he came he looked down at me to see if I still had evidence of the men's semen on me but I had cleaned myself after getting back to the office. He did see a large faint stain on my dress right near the right nipple which proved to him that my whole story was true!
As he finished emptying his cum into me he backed away slowly. I replaced his cock with my hand to prevent any of his semen from dripping out. I then stood and forced his seed from my well fucked cunt and caught it all in my hand. I brought my open hand to my mouth and licked it clean. This is something that my Master told me to do each and every time he ejaculates. Taking his cue from the evil Dave, who blackmailed me only months ago and started me into my new life as a slut. I will never allow any of my Master's semen to be wasted. I must consume every drop that I can and will soon crave it like nectar to a bee!
Even now as I lay on the floor waiting for my Master to awaken my cunt is hot and wet as I reminisce about the events that happened only yesterday. My hands are cuffed behind me by him every night because he knows that I will not be able keep from touching myself as he slept. I am not allowed to please myself without his approval although I may sometimes not be able to control myself!
"Slave! Wake up! I have something for you!"
My Master is awake! A get up from the floor quickly and can see that he is lying on his back with his erect cock in his hand. I stand and turn my back to him so that he can free my hands. Once freed I immediately dive on his hard cock and engulf it with my mouth! I work it rapidly with my mouth and hands anticipating his cum. Suddenly I can feel his cock pulsing as his hips begin to buck! Mmmmmmmmmmm! There it is! I suck hard trying to get every drop of his semen. Oh God! I run it around inside of my mouth to savor the taste before I swallow. I love it! I squeeze out every drop before he pushes me away and gets out of bed.
"I have to get ready for work." he says. "You may go ahead and take care of yourself if you must."
As he goes off to get himself ready I lie back on the bed, my head on his soft pillow, and bury my hands between my spread legs. I haven't cum in hours and need to masturbate badly! Oh Thank you! Thank you my sweet Master!
Pt 2. As I workout the kinks!
I'm a little late for work but I don't think that Miss Jordan knows. I just about sat down at my desk when she came over the intercom.
"Are you alone?" she asked.
"Yes Mistress!" I answered.
"Good Slut, come in here!"
I walked into her office as I do every day expecting her to inspect my dress and makeup. Today I wore a plaid and pleated skirt, white blouse with the first few top buttons open, and white knee socks. I was every man's dream of a school girl! She could see that the skirt was plenty short enough and she didn't have to measure it.
"Did you have breakfast this morning?" she asked me.
I spent too much time masturbating on Master's comfortable bed this morning and didn't have time eat.
"No Mistress I didn't."
"Well then, Slut, I have a surprise for you! It is over there in the corner. Bring it to me!"
I turned and saw a dog bowl in the corner filled with cereal. It had the word "SLUT" in large sequined letters on it! I went to get it as she continued.
"You think that you can sneak in late and not tell me about it? Well I'm not going to punish you with a spanking or a whipping this time. Oh no! I have found that you enjoy that too much and I think that you are bad on purpose so that I WILL punish you! Well, we will try a new approach and we will see how you like it. Now put your dish on the floor over here. Oh my! Your breakfast looks dry! You can't expect to eat it that way! What should we do? Hmmmmmmm. I'VE GOT IT! I just have to add some liquid to it and I have some right here for you!"
Mistress stood and pulled her tight skirt all the way up past her ass. She squatted over the bowl and pulled her thong to the side and proceeded to piss a heavy stream over the cereal. The bowl filled to the top with the cereal and piss and she pushed out every last drop which caused her to let out one long fart!
"Oh excuse me! No extra charge!" She giggled at her joke.
She moved her thong back in place, got up and pulled her skirt back down. I watched her walk back to her secret cabinet of bondage gear and come back with her wrist cuffs. She cuffed my hands behind me.
"Now this should teach you to keep secrets from me. From now on if you are late for work you will tell me and I will punish you accordingly. Do I make myself clear, Slut?"
"Yes Mistress." I said looking down at the bowl.
"Well then, you must be starving. Go ahead and eat! You had better not waste one drop or your next meal will be a bit harder to swallow!"
I think that I understand what she meant by that so I got down on my knees and started eat what was inside of the bowl. It was very difficult trying catch the cereal with my tongue so I had to put my face into the piss mixture. It smelled fowl and didn't taste any better but I ate it as ordered.
Miss Jordan sat at her desk working when a revelation came to her!
"Slut?"
"Mmmmmm?" I replied as I raised my head from the sloppy bowl with cereal still stuck to my face!
"I think that I am going to change your looks a bit. I noticed that your ass is getting a little fat sticking up in the air like that. We will put you on an exercise regiment and work that off. I think that I will change some other things about you too! Finish eating! We have work to do!"
I went back to rubbing my face in her piss as she decided what she wanted to do with me. The more she thought about it the more outrageous her ideas became.
She spoke to my Master and got his OK to go along with her plan. When I arrived to work the next day there was a new treadmill next to my desk!
"Good morning Slut!" came her voice over the intercom. "By now you must have found my present to you! If you look inside of your bottom right drawer you will find another. I want you to choose one to put on and come in to see me."
I found a package from an exotic mail order firm with a two sets of fitness leotards in it. I removed my dress, shoes, and nylons and put one of them on. It was a bit revealing with a plunging neckline, backless, and thong that rode high on the hips. There were no leggings or top to wear underneath. The front cupped my cunt making a perfect camel toe. I stepped in to Miss Jordan's office and stood before her desk.
"Oh my! That looks perfect on you! I do have good taste, don't I?" she said with a smirk.
"Yes Mistress." I replied not wanting to disappoint her. It wouldn't help anyway.
"From now on you will exercise on a strict schedule. You will workout for two hours every morning and two more in the afternoon. You can stop to answer the phone or if you are required to do something for me but if someone is waiting to see me that is no excuse for you to take a break. Understand?"
"Yes Mistress." I replied.
"Now get that fat ass out there and start working it off!"
"Yes Mistress!" I said as I left.
I can't believe that she called ME fat ass! I like my ass just the way it is and I know that everyone that sees it would tell you that they like it too!
She made a "to do" list for me to work out to adding a little more time and a few more reps every couple of days. I remember the first client that came in while I was on the treadmill.
He walked in the door and spotted me right away in my new outfit. There isn't much material to it as it stretches around my body. The man blushed immediately when he saw me! I removed my Ipod from my ears and told him to take a seat before I announced his presence to Miss Jordan over the intercom. As he sat down I went back to the treadmill to resume my workout. He couldn't help but watch as my 36C breasts bounced up and down nearly falling out of my outfit. My ass was completely exposed and my cunt was outlined perfectly as if it weren't covered at all! The white material only helped to enhance all of this. I went about my business and listened to my Ipod as he sat patiently waiting. I acted as if I didn't see every time he pushed is ever hardening erection down through his pants. It must have seemed like an eternity waiting as his eyes went from my ass to my cunt and up to my bouncing boobs.
Suddenly the door to Miss Jordan's office opened and she stuck her head out to see how things were developing. The man didn't see her as he grabbed for his crotch and squeezed his cock getting more bold, or forgetful, as the time passed. Mistress watched as he worked his hand up and down the length of his swollen member. She looked at me and smiled giving me a nod as if I was doing a good job. This gave me a warm feeling and I blushed at the thought that I pleased her. The man finally noticed her and couldn't be sure that he was caught.
"I'm ready for you now." She said smiling at the man. Looking down at his crotch she continued, "You may come in when ever you are ready."
He closed his legs and covered himself with his hands as he turned a bright shade of red! After a few minutes to calm down he finally got up to head for the door. I couldn't have him leave without one more tease so I told him to hold on for a moment as I stepped off of the treadmill and went to my desk. I bent over the desk with my bare ass pointing at him acting like I was looking for a document. He stood and stared at my ass until I turned around and caught him with a lump in his pants. I smiled and handed him some trivial application that he really didn't need. As he turned I opened the door to Miss Jordan's office and stood in the doorway so that he would have to squeeze by me on the way in. He had to turn to the side to pass me and as he did his crotch brushed against my naked ass. As he slowly slid by I could feel his hardened cock through his trousers. He turned to thank me as I smiled back and closed the door.
Of course Miss Jordan doesn't have me show myself to all of her clients! There are some that would be appalled at such exhibitionism so she plans when and with whom I should put on a show. Many times I must just sit at my desk with my legs closed and act busy. I may look like a slut but if I don't act on it even the stuffed shirt types will just look and enjoy what I offer in private!
*
(I hope that you enjoyed this chapter and will continue to support Fannie! Remember that I will be submitting the entire story of her slave training next time! Thank you again for your feedback and great emails! I hope to hear from you again soon!)