And so the story of Jim and his lovers continues. I know it's been a while; life interferes with writing way too much. Don't you hate it when that happens?
Me too, so here's the latest chapter:
Executive Platinum Ch. 16
If this is your first introduction to the Executive Platinum Series, the story begins here:
Executive Platinum Ch. 01
And finally, many have pointed out I've inadvertently introduced a new mystery character, Bug, who has never been mentioned before -- here, in this story line. Bug is introduced in the concurrent story line, Rocky Mountain Christmas. https://www.literotica.com/s/rocky-mountain-christmas.
Following with Rocky Mountain Christmas: Summers Past
https://www.literotica.com/s/summers-past
where Jim's sister, and Bug's mother, apologizes for being a hypocrite and we add some back story, and then finally with RMC: Birthday Presents where Bug and Janet are introduced to each other. https://www.literotica.com/s/rmc-birthday-present
This would be a good time to detour there momentarily and read those three stories and then come back here. The two story lines are both nearing the end and will come together and end together.
Enjoy, and as always, please vote. If so inclined, please leave a comment or send me a note - I always answer.
*****
"Where are you?"
I'd missed the text when it came in; busy on the job site it was actually several hours before I got to where I could take a glance at my phone and see that I'd missed a couple of calls and Gloria's questioning text.
"Korea" I sent back, not expecting an answer until the following day now. With the time change and being on the other side of the date line, it was late afternoon for me, while in Dallas it was well after midnight. The reply was almost instantaneous.
"Are you home this weekend?"
"Not until next Tuesday. Why?"
"Dang!! Just found out about a big company meeting in San Diego next week. We're supposed to fly there Monday and back on Friday, but I figured maybe I could come and stay for the weekend."
"Oh that would have been nice! You're welcome to visit but the house is empty."
I hadn't seen Gloria for multiple months, perhaps as long a period between visits as we'd had since we first met.
"How about the next weekend? Want a visitor? I'll be at the hotel until Friday, but I don't have to really go back until Sunday."
"Sounds fun, want to do dinner, maybe Wednesday or Thursday?"
"How about both - and you can stay with me at the hotel?" I grinned to myself, having suspected that was exactly what she was going to suggest. Whenever we got together, as infrequent as it was, the sex was always honeymoon hot. I wasn't sure I wanted to spend my days in a hotel waiting for her to get out of her conference or meetings or whatever, but I only lived 15 minutes away from downtown San Diego so I could certainly make that work.
"Don't know. Can you think of a reason I might want to do that?" I teased.
"Oh I think I might be able to come up with a couple of things that might entice you."
Luckily I travel pretty well and seem to be able to adjust to time zones without too much trouble. Occasionally I don't seem to sleep as well as I should, but most of the time I'm only gone for a few days to a week at a time, so in some respects that helps, I'm still on my home time zone, or close, when I get back. Seldom am I anywhere long enough to totally become immersed in the visited time zone, so most of the time jet lag doesn't bother me. Even on those strange overseas flights where you take off in the morning and land 18 hours later, two hours before you left according to the clock, I just try to immediately use local time.
Of course things didn't work out perfectly, and I ended up delaying my departure and return until nearly 12 hours later on Wednesday. I was so busy with work I really didn't think about the logistics until I was on the flight home. My 11 am flight was scheduled to arrive home at 10 am; by the time I dropped off my gear at the office and got home it was would be early afternoon, too early to join Gloria for dinner. Janet had been caring for Samson, so I figured I needed to relieve her of that duty, even if I was going to leave to join Gloria at the hotel again almost immediately.
Samson wasn't in the yard, so I unloaded my bag and then immediately went across the street. Janet and Samson both answered the door, a look of surprise on Janet's face as her eyes lit up with pleasure and her arms went around my neck. "I thought you weren't coming back until Friday?" I wasn't able to return the hug and kiss for long, Samson's whine and rubbing against my leg demanded attention. I pulled away just long enough to kneel down and box Samson's ears. His groan of pleasure to my touch made me smile.
"That's what they scheduled," I replied, "but you know how it is with me. Believe it when you see me. It actually got rescheduled once and it looked like I'd be home last night, but we got delayed just a bit." She reached out and touched my cheek.
"You need a shave."
"And a shower, and some sleep." I rose again and slid into her arms. As I put my hand on her waist, she stepped in close, her arm sliding onto my hip and back toward my butt. She glanced toward the rest of the house, but nobody else was in sight. I'd asked her once what she told her nursing help about me, and she said it just wasn't mentioned. She had multiple regular nurses that assisted; she just said her private life wasn't any of their business. Most of the time she came to my place so they didn't really see me, and even though I knew Bug had been there multiple times first thing in the morning when they arrived, they were all discrete and asked no prying questions. I suspected they knew more than Janet ever told them, but other than an occasional friendly wave of acknowledgement, I never really ever saw them.
"I've got a nurse here today so I could come over if you need someone to wash your back," she cooed quietly into my face, leaning forward just a bit for a kiss. I kissed her, a kiss of greeting only.
"About that..." I said, repeating the kiss and then pulling back. "I got a call from Gloria while I was gone. She's in town for a business conference and asked me to come stay with her until the weekend."
There is never any benefit to lying, or trying to pretend things are other than what they are. I had agreed to go meet Gloria. Gloria was expecting sex and we hadn't been together for several months. Janet was indicating she'd like to play too, and I'd been with her the day before I left two weeks previously. But, although I've got multiple lovers and they all know about each other, I'm not 18 anymore and jumping from one hot lady to another, unless we're all sharing, isn't exactly honest either. Showing up to a hot and willing lady and not being able to perform would have been a distinct possibility. I saw the light of excitement disappear from her eyes, changing to disappointment.
"So you're home early and I still won't get to see you until the weekend?" I'm sure she could tell that wasn't quite true from my face.
"Actually, she's going to stay until Sunday, we're just staying at the hotel until Friday." She couldn't hide the disappointment, but moments later an impish smile crossed her lips.
"So, if she's at the conference all day, are you going to come home during the day tomorrow?" Her hand reached up behind my neck, I leaned forward as she raised her face to my ear. "I'm horny and I need a Jimmy fix."
"That's what you get for talking to Bug all the time," I laughed. She didn't deny it.
"Please?" I just smiled at her. "Pretty please?" she continued, her hand sliding across my hip toward my crotch.
"I tell you what," I answered, snagging her hand and pulling it to my waist, pulling her to me. "I told Gloria I'm with her there until she checks out on Friday, so no dishonesty. I'll tell Gloria that my other lady needs me, and if she understands and agrees, I'll come home during the day tomorrow." I made no promises, but she agreed.
I left her and went home, taking Samson with me. I would have liked a quick nap, but by the time I'd opened the mail, had a shower and a shave, glancing at the time resulted in me realizing I'd be hard pressed to get there by 6, which is when she said she'd be back to her room. By the time I got the key in an envelope she'd left at the front desk for me, which allowed me to get to the upper floors where the rooms were, it was 10 minutes after 6. I sent her a text that I was on my way up, and headed for the elevators.
I slowed and looked at the door key as I approached her room. It wasn't my room, but she'd given me a key. Was it proper etiquette to knock on a woman's door that is expecting you, or just use it and open it? I chose the latter.
The window drapes were open presenting a bright contrast to the relative darkness of the room even though we weren't facing the sun. Gloria was standing in front of the windows, silhouetted by the bright light outside. She turned as the door swung open, her arm coming up across her chest to hide her breasts, a sharp "eek" and she began to drop to hide behind the bed - at least until she saw it was me.
"Sorry, babe," I said as I stepped inside and let the door swing shut behind me, "I debated whether I should knock first..."
"It's ok," she said, straightening back up. Bending one leg, she put her hand on her hip in a sultry move. "I was expecting you, it's just that when it opened I had this panic rush of maybe it was maid service or someone else..."
She watched me as I walked across the room toward her. The bright light totally revealed the outline of her body beneath the gossamer nothing, but totally hid the front of her body in darkness. As I stepped forward, the rest of her body gradually became visible, becoming obvious the outer diaphanous nightie was the majority of what she was wearing. The bra that was underneath I recognized was the mere half bra that I liked so much; open cupped so that it lifted and displayed her breasts and nipples. As I stepped up to her it was readily evident that her nipples were hard and peeking over the top of the cups. The nightie barely extended below her crotch, that she had no panties beneath also becoming obvious as my eyes adjusted to the room.
"Oh My Goodness," I whispered as she slid into my arms. Her mouth turned up to mine and we kissed. I let my hands roam her body, fondling her bottom, the tops of her legs, rubbing her back before I slid them between us to cup her breasts and twiddle her nipples. "I do like this bra."
"I know you do," she cooed, her hand sliding onto the hardness in my pants. I took her shoulder and spun her around, pulling her back against me as my two hands slid in under the nightie and up to the bra and her bare breasts. Now facing the window again, where it appeared she'd been standing as I'd come into the room, I let my hands roam her body as I looked over her shoulder and out the window. The view from here, the 17th story of the hotel, was magnificent of the city, the bay, the mountains, as well as nearby hotels and buildings. I was sure the mirrored outer surface of the windows kept anyone from being able to see in, at least in the light of day, which was readily apparent from the street just by looking at the side of the building. But here, from the inside, the mirroring wasn't apparent and it felt like anyone should be able to see in. I didn't know how it responded at night, but with the sun still up I knew we were invisible although I wasn't sure whether Gloria realized that or not.
"My naughty naked lady standing in front of an open window..." I purred into her ear, kissing her neck as I did. That her penchant for exhibitionism seemed to be growing with each of our intermittent trysts had not been lost to me. "Do you suppose someone could see you?" I slipped my right hand from her breast down and across her belly, sliding still lower until my fingers found her heat - and wetness. "Oh my, my hot little show-off girlfriend would have liked that, wouldn't she?" I said as my finger stroked the wet softness of her cleft, finding and barely touching her clit. She shivered to my touch; not denying it, and not indicating I should stop.
"Do you suppose there is someone right over there, in that building, behind the windows?" I teased, acknowledging and teasing her exhibitionism. "Perhaps he's got a telescope... or binoculars... and is watching you right now? Seeing my nearly naked lady being molested by her lover? You'd like that, wouldn't you? Somebody watching you being naughty? Watching you showing off?" I gripped the lower edge of the nightie and drew it up, across her body, her arms lifting to let me take it off, leaving her dressed in just the half bra. "I'll bet he likes seeing you in this bra as much as I do, don't you?"
As hot and wet as I'd found her pussy, I knew she was already self-aroused and wanted more than just foreplay. Spinning around in my arms, she gripped my shirt and began to lift. I took it from her and continued to pull it off while her hands shifted to my belt and pants. With the belt loose, the zipper pulled fast and easy and she practically jerked my pants and underwear down. Dropping to her knees, her mouth found my cock even before her hands did. I flashed back momentarily to our first night in Key West, where she'd purposely waited until her daughter was watching before exposing me and sucking me off. "Uhm," I purred to her tongue caressing my cock, my hand reaching down to caress her hair, "I think my prudish lady friend is become quite the little slut, don't you? Sucking her lovers cock in front of her daughter, or in front of an open window... standing and displaying herself with a little see-through nothing, and then even taking that off so she's almost totally naked... sharing her lover with her daughter and sharing herself with her daughter... playing with other women, taking a coworkers virginity... quite the change from the woman who thought she 'might' be going for a walk on the wild side when we first met."
If anything, Gloria had gotten even more ravenous sucking my knob as I teased about her past escapades. With me having not had sex in almost three weeks, Gloria polishing me with her tonsils was almost too much. Glancing sideways I saw the easy chair, and gently holding Gloria's head, pulled away. I reached over and spun the chair around to face the window before reaching back to Gloria and lifting so she stood. I spun her around until she faced the chair and then pushed her forward over the chair back and stepped forward between her legs. I didn't even need to guide myself in place; hard as a rock from a lack of sex and Gloria's sucking, my cockhead found her pussy and with just a minimal of back and forth slipped right inside her velvety heat.
I almost always try to be a considerate lover, looking and listening to my ladies responses, trying to find the spot that turns the trick, the caress that brings the ultimate pleasure. Usually the slower the better, but sometimes, like this time, she wants it, and wants it hard and fast. I don't know how I knew, or perhaps I wanted the same, but pounding into her from behind with her bent forward over the chair, facing the open world beyond the window was exactly what she wanted. There was nothing gentle about my movements; this was hard, pounding, fucking. When my cock banged her cervix she twitched and tensed so I tried not to push so hard but, moments later, it happened again. There was no complaint from her. Despite the blow job that had me on edge before I slipped into her, she still came before I did. When I finally began to spasm I buried myself as deeply inside her as I could; just a slight pulling back and involuntarily shoving myself forward again. Both of us spent; moments later I pulled back, the jet lag and cum lag suddenly hitting me simultaneously. Usually after sex I like to relax, easily falling asleep at night, but this time it hit me like a ton of bricks. Gloria grabbed her crotch and headed to the restroom, I was asleep on the bed before she came back. It wasn't long, perhaps an hours nap, before Gloria woke me to tell me we were supposed to meet some of the others at her conference for dinner. It was all I needed; the short catnap had refreshed me enough.
Gloria headed immediately for a group that was standing and talking around stand-up tables in the lounge; we apparently being the last two to arrive. Introductions all around were essentially lost on me as I knew for the most part I'd have to ask their names every time I spoke to someone again. They meant nothing to me and there wasn't initially anything to allow me to connect a name with anything other than their face until I was introduced to Shirley. Everyone else was from different cities except for Shirley. A moderately tall blonde with a thin waist and largish breasts, she was a regional manager for their company, based in San Diego. A short "where do you live" conversation ensued, and with something to equate her with forever more I had Shirley's name locked in. It didn't hurt that she had a very nice body, appearing quite sexy without indicating that she was showing off or looking for something. The blouse of her pants suit had a nice u shaped upper, exposing the cleft between her breasts without being slutty; the pants and bottom (when I witnessed them later as she excused herself to visit the toilet) confirmed she had a moderately well-toned body everywhere. Although Gloria had been nearly naked when I'd arrived at her room, she'd insisted on returning to the same business-casual style of clothes that she'd worn all day for the conference to come down for this happy hour. She'd chosen wisely.
"So how did you meet Gloria?" a female voice asked from behind. Turning, I found Shirley standing behind me, a glass of white wine in hand. Gloria had momentarily left me, talking with several of her co-workers at another table.
"Seat mates on a plane actually," I said, carefully thinking about what I would or would not divulge about Gloria and me. Although I'm not a prude, I also don't believe that private lives need to be discussed with those that have no need to know. "We were on a flight together from Dallas to San Diego a couple of years ago, had a good conversation, and just kind of hit it off." Talking about and revealing my thoughts and desires was one thing, talking about my partner's thoughts or feelings was totally something else. The boundary sometimes blurred. To people like Janet, who knew I was having sex with Bug or with Gloria, I would definitely say more than I would to Shirley, a co-worker of Gloria's. Did Shirley know that I was Gloria's sexual partner, or that I was going to spend the night with her tonight, and probably send her to tomorrow's conference with a smile on her face? She probably assumed that I was, but I didn't know, so I didn't need to say.
"How about you? You've known her through work?" She nodded.
"I used to work in the same office with Gloria in Dallas, but then got promoted to the regional position, so moved to San Diego. I always had her pegged as a top achiever, but the last couple of years... she's really taken off - really blossomed." She paused for a moment, and then looked pointedly at me and said, "You didn't have something to do with that, did you?
Wary, I punted back to her. "I'm not sure exactly what you mean..."
"The Gloria that I knew when I worked with her was unhappily married, and despite her capabilities, it affected her work. And then she went through a miserable divorce and withdrew back into herself. Her work was nothing but ordinary. And then a while back something happened and ... well, her outlook on life changed, and her work performance did too. She's now considered one of our star performers - and I've never quite been able to identify who made the difference in her, at least I think not until now." She paused, obviously waiting for my answer. Something about this conversation, I understood exactly what it was that had made her advance in management; I had no doubt that she already had made the connection. I took a sip of my wine.
I glanced at my glass as I lowered it again. "Nice Pinot Noir," I stated, "I normally gravitate toward a Malbec or Zinfandel, but this one's very nice."
"Definitely discrete... and well mannered." I couldn't help but smile, although supposedly responding to my comment on the wine I knew exactly what she was saying.
"Ready?" Gloria said, stepping up and taking my arm. "They've got our table ready."
"Shirley spoke highly of you," I commented a few hours later when Gloria was once again cuddled to my shoulder in bed, our lust for each other slaked at least for the moment. Dinner had been good, the conversations hard to follow except for those who had been directly adjacent to us. We excused ourselves and returned to the room as soon as it was polite to do so.
"I really like Shirley. I'd love to work with her again."
"Uh-huh, sounded like she thought the same about you."
"She was a big support back before I got divorced, but I treated everyone like shit when I caught the Dick cheating."
"It's hard to keep your emotions out of your work, especially in a stressful time like that."
Nothing more was said by either of us for a few moments, until Gloria sleepily said "Are you going to stay here at the hotel tomorrow?"
"What do you think of me going home and coming back for tomorrow evening after you're done? It's only takes me about 20 minutes."
She didn't say anything for a moment, and then giggled. "So there'd be no chance of me sneaking up here to join you for a nooner?" She giggled again, and said, "I wouldn't have time anyway, unless I walked out of a session and didn't eat lunch and somehow I've got the feeling everyone else would have an idea what I was up to."
"About that..." I said after a moment.
"About what?"
"A nooner?" I rolled over to look at her and see her response. "I ran into Janet this afternoon and she wanted to get together. I turned her down; I told her you were in town and I was coming down here to see you. She was disappointed, but suggested that if I were to come home tomorrow, perhaps she could visit for an hour or two?"
Gloria eyes had been closed, but opened to look at me when I said this. I didn't say anything and she didn't either, her eyes closed again. "Thoughts?" I finally asked, unsure whether she was thinking or falling asleep. Her hand, which had been resting on my hip, slid across my belly and found my cock.
"You want to take my play toy and go play with someone else? Is that what you're asking?" I could tell from the tone of her voice that this was said in fun, teasing. I didn't say anything; in essence - she was correct. "You know, being with you has turned my life, turned my outlook on life, around. Back when I was getting divorced I was so bitter that my husband had lied to me and cheated on me, and now you cheat on me all the time and I don't seem to mind at all."
"Wrong words," I immediately said, mildly alarmed at her word choices. "I don'tcheaton you. I've never cheated on you, or Janet, or Bug - any of my ladies. To cheat means that I've committed to being with you exclusively, and I've never done that. I've been quite open that we arenotexclusive."
"That sure got a response," she giggled, her hand came up and stroked my arm gently before returning to my cock. "It's so totally different with you. To think that we get together every few months, that every time it's been a fabulous time, fabulous sex, and then we go our separate ways and it's okay. I know you're regularly having sex with Janet, and I guess Bug now, too... And Melissa..." I could tell she was thinking, and just waited. "You with all these other women, all your lovers..." In my mind I could see each of them as she said their names, and realized she'd missed a few.
"And there's Jenny," I said, "although I haven't seen her or Bill since Debs funeral." Neither of us said anything, and I realized there was another. "And Steve and Mary." I didn't say anything about her fucking Steve, or that she'd taken her virgin co-worker and taught him all about sex - I knew she was thinking about me and the women I'd been with.
"Melissa and I have slept together the last few times she's been home from college."
"You mean you've had sex with her the last few times she's been home from college?" She didn't say anything for a moment.
"If she came to visit you, would you have sex with her?"
I thought about this momentarily, instantly aware that I could barely tell Melissa and Gloria apart, but the answer was virtually immediately available. "If you're asking would Icheaton you, the answer is no. But as long as you knew what was happening, and had no qualms about it - yes, the three of us had great fun together and if Melissa wanted to visit me and have sex, I could."
"I really enjoyed watching you together with her, the two of us making love with her..."
"And the two of us with you."
"Yes." It got quiet for a few moments before she continued. "I like knowing about your lovers, that you're pleasuring them the way you pleasure me." She raised her head up to me for a kiss; I bent mine a bit and returned it. She settled back on my shoulder, her hand still squeezing and gently massaging my cock, which had admirably begun to respond again. "Do you think I might meet her this weekend?"
The question caught me by surprise. I thought back to all our times together; flying in together, picking her up at an early morning hour and spending the weekend together, flying in with Steve and Mary, skinny dipping and playing in the pool, and of course our expeditions elsewhere - I didn't realize, or rather just hadn't thought about it, that Janet who lived directly across the street, and Gloria had never been introduced. "If you'd like, I'll make sure that happens."
"I think it's time. If we're sharing you, I think I'd like to meet her." Unexpectedly Gloria rose up, rolled a bit more onto her side and lowered her mouth to my cock. I hadn't been limp but hadn't been erect either, just hard enough to give her a handful. She squeezed at the base, forcing blood into my cock head and making it harder. Her tongue came out and slithered around the head and then took me into her mouth, the blood flow to my cock increasing to her ministrations. Just moments of the oral pleasuring and she released some of the pressure, my cock growing harder now on its own in response. Once I was more solidly erect she twisted her body around and raised her leg up and over mine to straddle me. She rose up just a bit, raised my cock to point upward before sliding down, impaling herself on me. "Tell me about her. Is she a good cocksucker?"
I've continually kept my different lovers aware that I had other lovers, but haven't particularly ever shared their different preferences. Not that I'd ever hidden anything, but what happens physically, between me and my lover, I've usually thought of as private information. On the other hand, I'd never had a lover ask for specifics about another lover either. Gloria was slowly rocking up and down, squeezing her pussy tight around my cock as she did.
"Yes," I answered simply.
"Uhmm. As good as me?"
I raised my hips a bit, forcing myself more upright into her. "It's hard not to be good sucking a cock; mouths and tongues and cocks and pussies go together naturally."
"But is she good?"
"You know I'm not one to normally kiss and tell... but, yes, you're as good as she is." I don't know whether she caught the tease in my reversal of the order in my answer or not.
"Uhmm," she pushed herself forward and down against me and ground her clit against my pubic bone. For some reason my mind flashed back to being with Steve and Mary in Las Vegas and Palm Springs and at my place before then... and with Melissa in Key West... and just earlier today, partially exposed in front of a window. I latched on to how she'd told about Ronnie looking down her blouse and how turned on she'd gotten from it, as well as teasing him later at her home. Gloria may have almost been a prude when I'd met her, but she had definitely found that exposing herself to voyeuristic eyes, or watching others, at least watching or hearing about me have sex was exhilarating and arousing.
"My little lover girl has certainly become the slutty little show off and voyeur, hasn't she?" I asked, raising myself into her, moving myself to her rhythm. "She likes the thought of watching me with someone else, doesn't she? Exposing herself to the world... Walking nude on the beach... dressing in nothing but paint at Key West," I teased. "Going topless in Las Vegas?" I grunted, rising hard up inside her, feeling her body begin to shudder. I managed a few more strokes before I slowed down; I didn't cum this time, but eventually could have if I'd pressed. Instead, feeling the physical release, the shudder of Gloria's body and clamping of her pussy on my cock was enough for me, at least this time.
"So, I take it you're OK with me going home tomorrow for a conjugal visit with Janet?" I asked several minutes later when she'd rolled off and was lying again by my side. "You seemed to get a bit wet at the thought of me with someone else."
She didn't say anything for several moments.
"I don't know why it turns me on so much. Not just seeing you, but helping. Feeding your cock into Mary, and Melissa. Seeing the pure pleasure on their faces, knowing how it felt." She paused momentarily in her admission. "I like sharing you with others, Mary, Melissa, Janet, your niece...
"And loving on them too."
Her head nodded on my shoulder as she repeated what I'd said, "And, loving on them too."
I realized there was another, although I hadn't seen her or Bill since the funeral, there was also Jenny. "And Jenny," I said.
"Jenny?" she questioned, puzzlement in her voice, "Who's Jenny?" And then it dawned on her. "Oh Jenny, with you and Debs..."
"And her husband Bill. But I haven't seen them since the funeral and they live on the East Coast, so that's a bit different."
She said nothing else; she was obviously concentrating on my cock in her pussy and her clit rubbing against me. Her eyes closed, I reached up and cupped her breasts, her nipples between my fingers. The quivers in her body directly matched the pinches of my fingers on her nipples, right up until the shuddering in her body became continuous as she climaxed. I maintained the position until her orgasm began to ebb, and then rolled her over and took control. Her legs wrapped around behind mine, opening herself to my thrusts. Leaning upright on my hands we both knew I was fucking her now for me, before it had been for her. The position was always good for allowing me to get myself off; her eyes locking on mine confirmed she knew exactly what I was doing. She clinched and relaxed her pussy again and again until with a grunt I thrust deep inside and my cock exploded. Gloria's hands slid to my butt, holding me in place momentarily until, my cock shrinking, I rolled off to one side; for once I snuggled to her side rather than her to me. Lying there quietly I could feel the warm buzz of sleep overcoming me, a sleep that was going to be more than just a quick nap. I tried to concentrate on Gloria, trying to stay awake, and realized her breathing was also becoming deep and slow.
I woke late for me, but still early. Gloria showed no sign of waking, so I eased out of bed and headed into the bath. I closed the door before starting the shower, which squealed and then quieted down. I'd just stuck my head under the water when I felt a hand on my back, "Can I join you?"
"There's always room for two," I answered, turning and moving forward a bit so the water wasn't cascading over my head. Gloria slipped forward into my arms, pulling her head against my chest.
I held her in my arms momentarily before beginning to rub her shoulders. Reaching over I picked up the soap, lathering her back and then rubbing two handed. I soaped up her entire back with my hands and then turned us both, letting the water rinse her back before sliding myself around behind her and pulling her back to my front. Reaching for the soap I did the same again, only this time soaping her front.
Gloria hadn't said anything the whole time, just a few coos of pleasure. Once again I lathered her body, feeling her nipples harden as I spent an unnecessarily long time on her breasts, followed by her belly. Her hand had reached back between us to grip my hardening cock by the time my fingers had reached her sex. I slipped a finger between her lips, raised the other hand to her breasts, and slowly masturbated her. Her hand was gripping and squeezing my cock, but the way we were standing there wasn't much she could do. I felt her body slowly tightening until suddenly it clinched and she spasmed.
"Umm, that was nice."
"I like loving on you," I said, just holding her for a few moments. When enough time had passed, I moved her forward just a bit, taking the shampoo and putting some in my hair. She had kept her head out of the direct spray, I presumed to keep her hair dry, and moments later she stepped to the back of the shower and out. Within seconds I was done also, and turned the water off. I took the towel and began drying off inside the shower until she finished and left. Moments later I also left, finding Gloria back in bed.
"Cuddle?" she asked as I stepped back into the bedroom. She lifted the sheet, and I slid in beside her, raised an arm and she snuggled up to my chest. Neither of us went back to sleep, both knowing we needed to get up soon for Gloria to get to breakfast and her meetings on time. "I could get used to this," Gloria said quietly maybe 15 minutes later.
"Cuddling is always nice," I answered quietly.
"Uhm hmm."
A moment later she sat up and rolled over on top of me, her arms pulled up between us, and bending down kissed me. "Thank you."
"For what?"
"For taking care of me. Loving me." I just smiled and raised just enough to kiss her again. She gave me a peck, and rolled out of bed to begin getting dressed. I left as soon as she headed to breakfast, skipping breakfast myself, just allowing Gloria to get back to her conference without distraction from me. I sent a text to Janet - "Home by 9."
It was interesting traveling backward against morning rush hour traffic; flying along without restriction and only a few cars going my direction versus the bumper-to-bumper traffic going the other way, very slowly. I realized how lucky I was to be able to travel and work on my own schedule versus some arbitrary clock.
I was greeted as I entered the gate by Samson and stopped to play with him for several minutes before feeding him. Having been away, I'd not spent the time with him that I normally do when I get home from a trip the previous day, so gave him some needed attention. It wasn't until I stepped up to the front door, and found it already unlocked, that I realized something wasn't quite right. Quietly opening the door, I stepped inside, and listened. I didn't at first hear anything, so quietly walked through the house toward the bedroom. When you live in a house for years, you learn where every squeak is located and how to avoid them, so my arrival was virtually unannounced. A slight noise hitting my ears before I got to my bedroom let me know someone was there. A slight buzzing noise began just as I reached the doorway, confirming as I had suspected that Janet was already there, awaiting me. I glanced at my watch; I was 15 minutes early. I'd played with Samson for at least another 15, so she'd been there since at least half an hour before I said I'd be home.
I stepped past the door, stopping in the entryway, and observed Janet on my bed. She had on the same little nothing that she and Bug had worn for my birthday, only this time she was alone, and masturbating. She'd pulled the sheets down, was lying back against the pillow with her eyes closed. Her left hand was under the barely there sexy little nothing and inside her panties, her right hand had a small vibrator that she was moving back and forth across her breasts, teasing her nipples. Inside her panties her fingers were rubbing around and around her clit, occasionally slipping a finger down into her pussy and back.
I like to watch a woman masturbate; to me it's one of the sexiest things to see. I stood watching for perhaps a minute, Janet totally unaware that I was there. Although I liked watching, that she was virtually naked in my bed, awaiting my arrival, confirmed (as I already knew) that she wanted something more than personal satisfaction. Stepping soundlessly up to the edge of the bed, she must have heard or sensed me as her eyes opened just as I reached for her leg. Her eyes were glazed with lust when they opened, but rather than showing she was startled she just smiled. "I've been waiting for you."
"I can see," I said, stroking my hand up the inside of her calf and knee to the inside of her thigh. "I think these little teddies of yours and Bugs have become a favorite of mine - at least I could get used to coming home and finding almost naked beautiful ladies in my bed wearing them."
"You have too many clothes on," is all she said.
"Give me a second to wash, I was just petting Samson," I said. I stepped over to the chair and got undressed after washing, turning back to the bed once I had. "Better?" I asked, standing beside the bed again, my cock half-hard, almost ready for use. Rolling onto her side toward me, she bent her face to my cock and sucked me in. My hand went to her head, stroking her head and hair, before slipping down to fondle her breasts, follow the movements of her hand and the vibrator on her breasts and nipples as she tongued and sucked on my cock; it didn't take much and I was totally hard. Her hand, that had been pleasuring herself in her panties, came up and begun pushing them down and off, I slipped my hand underneath the whispy nothing of a top and helped her. Raising her bottom without taking my cock out of her mouth, she slipped them down her legs as far as she could. Pulling back from her I bent and pulled them the rest of the way off and pulled on her legs to turn her sideways, legs off the bed. Stepping between her legs I grabbed my cock and pointed it to her pussy, running it up and down her slit. That she was wet and ready for fucking was readily apparent when I ran my glans just slightly between her lips, before I pushed it harder against her clit, eliciting a squirm of her hip and an "ummm" of pleasure. When I lowered my aim just a bit and found her opening, her legs came up and around my back to pull me in.
"Oh!! That's so nice!" she cooed, her hands now on both of her breasts, tweaking and pulling on her nipples as I began thrusting in and out with earnest. "I needed you yesterday," her breathy moans of pleasure indicated she was getting exactly what she wanted.
"I'm here for you now," I replied, stopping at one point when I was buried inside her. Changing my motions from an in and out to a back and forth rocking, moving my cock around inside her without thrusting.
I squeezed my butt, forcing my cock to expand when I did. Leaning forward I slid my hands under her nighty to her breasts, replacing her hands with my own. Pinching her nipples, I rolled them both between my thumbs and forefingers. "Ummm, Oh My God Jimmy, I love it when you fuck me."
Janet and I had been lovers for quite some time. I knew my way around her body, as she knew her way around mine, but this time I was having trouble get a sense of what she needed. I'd seen her horny before, just needing and wanting sex, needing me to give her an orgasm. I'd seen her loving; wanting it long and slow, and then wanting to cuddle and do it again. She'd called one evening and asked if I was interested in a quickie - and that it had been; less than 5 minutes from the time she walked in the door until she'd wiped the cum dripping from her pussy, kissed me goodbye and been back out the door headed home. However this time, I couldn't get the sense of what she needed. She groaned in pleasure when I stopped, buried deep inside her; gyrating my hips against her with my cock swallowed by her pussy, but she also bucked her hips into me when I was thrusting. She arched her back, forcing her breasts into my hands and fingers when I slid them under her nightie, her own arms lying up and back, exposing and opening herself to me, begging me to do what I would. I caught a glimpse of something shiny; her little silver bullet as it slipped from her open hand and rolled onto the bed. I knew she had a little hand vibrator, she'd told me, just as I knew she also had a larger Hitachi vibrating wand, although she'd not needed to use either as much anymore since we'd been lovers.
I pulled out; my cock glistened with her moisture. "Oh! Not yet!" she protested, but I just smiled and leaned in to kiss her, leaning on the bed and palming her little toy as I did.
Straightening up I reached to one side to help her roll over. "On your knees," I instructed after she'd flopped onto her belly, grabbing and lifting her hips two handed as I did. She pulled her legs up underneath, stinkbug fashion, presenting her delectable ass to me. "Oh my god, Janet," I said running my hands over her bottom, my fingers tracing the outline of her bikini bottom tan line, "we have got to get you a thong bikini. Your ass is way too beautiful and sexy to keep it under wraps all the time."All the timewas an exaggeration at the least. Although she'd taken to sunning and swimming nude with me or when she was at my house, I knew she occasionally would lie out at her own home; but there, as there were almost always nurses around, she always did it with a bikini on. She admitted it was more fun to be able to go naked and sun herself at my house, but by doing it at her house she was giving a present to her husband, the small backyard grass patch where she would lay being directly in view of his window. His body may not have physically responded, but he still appreciated his beautiful wife. The slight tan lines showed that the full coverage of the bikini bottom normally hid one of Janet's finer assets. On her knees before me, with her bottom raised to me in a traditional doggie fashion with her chest to the bed, without meaning too I recognized the similarities and differences between the bottoms of Janet, Bug, and Gloria. All three had beautiful bottoms. Bug, in her early twenties, had the smallest and firmest ass; her riding of her bicycle around campus and regular gym visits kept her butt tight and delectable. From the couple of times that I'd loved on her from behind I knew her ass was that of a true hard body. Gloria and Janet, both with a few more years and no regular bike riding, were slightly larger but almost virtually identical in firmness and shape. Two dimples, just above Janet's ass in the small of her back, were the only strong visual difference identifiers.
I ran my hand over her ass cheeks, feeling the smooth perfection of her skin. With her knees underneath it opened her pussy from behind, inviting my touch; with her ass cheeks spread I could see the tight little puckered skin of her anus. Her lips were spread more than when she'd been lying on her back so my finger easily slipped between them finding her silky warm and invitingly wet. Her back arched a bit at my touch, but she said nothing. "Bug has a sexy little thong bikini," I said, slipping my finger out and up, stroking wetly up her ass crack, a slight convulsion shaking her body as I did. "I haven't seen it on her yet, she got it for me at Christmas, but said now I'd have to wait until July when she's home and out of school. I guess now she'll probably want to wear that for you too, won't she? Maybe you should get a matching bikini yourself..." Stepping forward just a bit I took my free hand, the other still palming her little vibrating bullet, and guided my cock between her lips again. Releasing myself, once I had my cock head inside her I easily pushed in, my dick still lubricated with her juices, her wetness indicating just how turned on my lover was. Taking my middle finger, I wet it in her ample liquids and drew it once again up between her ass cheeks. The slight shiver of pleasure I'd sensed before returned, stronger this time with my cock also inside her.
Without turning it on, with my other hand I slipped the end of the little silver bullet into her pussy along with my cock. Just a bit, lubricating it, I then drew it up her ass crack to the crinkled little spot of skin that seemed to be eliciting her little shivers of pleasure. Stopping with the end against her I pushed in a bit, and then thumbed the button of the vibrator. Instantly her lower body clinched around my cock, a hard shiver coursing through her body. "Liked that, did ya?" I said, pulling the bullet back. Although I'd brought up some of her natural lube, I recognized that we were going to need more of her juices or perhaps some external lubricant if I was going to play with her bottom, and slipped it back down to wet it in her juices more. I could feel the vibrations in my cock as I pressed it into her along with me. I stroked it up to her rosebud once more, but there was still a need for more lubrication. Slipping back out of her (and drawing a wail of protest) I stepped over to the bedside stand and opened it, a bottle of lube found almost immediately where I'd last seen it. It had been quite some time since Debs and I had needed something to help us play but it was still where we'd last had it. A condom was also in the drawer, I left it for the moment.
Although my cock was wet and slippery, I still dribbled a bit of lube onto myself and wiped it around. Mixing with Janet's natural lube made it just that much more slicker, and seconds later I slid back into her. The lube was a bit cold, rather than just dribbling it on her ass I added it to my fingers and then stroked between her butt cheeks. I hesitated with my finger on her back door, as I began to push just a bit she said "Not like that." I presumed she meant to use the vibrator, and when I slid it up against her pucker with just a bit more lube, she said "Yeah, that."
Pushing the on button again, this time as I aimed the pointed end into her, I could feel her pushing back. The lube and smoothness of the vibrator were all it took; it almost easily slid into her backside. Now gyrating her bottom back against my cock and the toy in her bottom, I'd never seen her respond to stimulation the way she was now. With the vibrator on, I could feel the vibrations transmitted through her body onto my cock, quite a pleasurable sensation. Her gyrations rapidly became more pronounced until her legs and bottom clinched down, a massive orgasm shaking her entire body. Running my free hand onto her bottom, her muscles had tightened so that there was no give, her bottom was like rock - and it didn't release. Her orgasm shook her body for a minute, perhaps longer, before her hand reached back for me and I understood; she'd had enough. I withdrew the little pocket rocket slowly before turning it off; Janet at first easing her constricted body before falling forward onto the bed, allowing me to fall from her pussy as she did. I was still hard as a rock, although the doggy position had been very nice, and the vibrations transmitted to me likewise - for some reason I wasn't going to cum very fast. Perhaps the sex the night before with Gloria had relieved my instant lust, but I think it was more that I was just concentrating on pleasuring Janet. The bullet appeared to be clean, but I turned and stepped to the bathroom, washing the toy with soap and water before returning. We'd never played with her ass, or a toy, before - but having been married to a nurse, I well knew the risks of transmitting something nasty if we didn't clean it. Returning to the bed, Janet was on her side; I slid up and snuggled beside her.
Janet flinched when my hand found her breast; I refrained from nipple play for the moment, my cock nestling into the slippery crease of her bottom. After several minutes she inhaled deeply and then exhaled. "That was nice."
"Uhmm." I said, slipping my cock upward and back slightly. I could tell the lube was evaporating. "Done that before?" I was pretty sure, from what I'd seen, she had.
"It's been a while."
I wasn't sure how long "a while" was, but surmised it had probably been her live in lovers before she went to college. "Tom and Lori?" I questioned, remembering her confession to me about them and confession of falling in love with Bug.
"Uh-Uh," she hummed, surprising me with her answer of no. "Rob's the only one to ever touch me back there."
"So it's been a while." I said it just to acknowledge that I recognized with Rob's quadriplegia, which preceded Deb's death by several years, it truly must have been a while. "You don'tmindbeing played with there... or youlikeit?"
"I'd forgotten it's almost been so long. Orgasms back there are so different; they just don't seem to stop. When you're touching my clit, it's wonderful, but it's like falling off a cliff. Back there, it's like running downhill, where you're going so fast that you can't control it. You can't stop and you can't speed up; it's all you can do to stay upright and it just goes on and on..."
"I could tell." I had my hand stroking her body now, slipping in under her nightie to squeeze her bare breasts. "That's the first time for us with a toy, too. Is that your... bottom toy?" I asked. She didn't answer. My cock was still rock hard, I rocked my hips, sliding it against her crack again. "Do you just play with toys, or do you like an occasional cock in your ass too?" Her hand reached back between us, finding my erection.
"Oh my god, you're still so hard." I flexed it in her hand. The reality must have suddenly become clear, "You didn't cum yet, did you?"
"Not yet."
"Did you and Gloria... do it this morning?"
"Not this morning," I acknowledged, perhaps giving away more information than I normally would, however I'd spent the night with Gloria, Janet knew it, and also knew I was going to return to Gloria this afternoon. I'd told Gloria I was returning home for, for lack of a better description, a conjugal visit with Janet, so both knew I had and would fuck the other lady in my life - today.
"Have you ever done her ass?"
"No."
"Bug?"
"No."
"Debs?"
"Yes." That I acknowledged that I'd had my cock in my wife's ass seemed to be the release for her to talk.
"Rob used to like to do me doggie, like we just did, whenever he was really aroused and he almost always touched me there with his finger but never went inside. I suspected he wanted to do it, but he never said anything, and I didn't think I was really interested. We'd been married a few years and we were cuddled in bed after sex one night talking. It was just a week or so before his birthday, and I thought we'd moved away from talking sex. I asked him what he wanted me to give him for his birthday, and he asked me if I would get upset if he wanted something unusual. I told him no, and eventually he said he'd really like to try anal sex. So we tried to do it for his birthday, and... it didn't work so well. I knew we needed lube, so had gotten that, but I couldn't relax enough for him to get in. He used his finger and later managed to get his thumb in, but I was too tight for his cock. We had fun, but not what he wanted. But, I had a girlfriend from college who told me once before that she actually liked anal sex, so I called her up and told her what happened and asked her advice. She told me I needed a toy to relax me, and lots and lots of lube, even putting some inside before we got that far. She said there were graduated butt plugs that allowed you to expand slowly but she thought a vibrating toy was best, and I should play with it by myself to get used to it. I did what she'd said, and we did it again that weekend."
"I take it that was a little better experience?"
"Yeah. Initially it was like we just did, he played with the toy while we were doing it. I really like playing with the toy but wasn't initially such a big fan of him fucking me back there."
"Initially? Did that change?"
"The first time he ever got his cock in me I thought he was going to split me open. It hurt. But hereallyliked it, he raved about how hot it was. I kept putting him off to do it again, but I'd also found I really liked playing with a toy back there. I talked with my girlfriend again, and she said the best thing to do was to take a hot shower to relax, play with myself so my sphincter wasn't so tight, and to lube myself up really well and to make sure his cock was really lubed up too, and get lube everywhere - if it wasn't running off, there wasn't enough. So we tried it again, and ... it was very successful." She giggled. "I may not have walked straight for a week, but the orgasm was fantastic."
"Really?"
"Oh yeah. It was amazing, it'salwaysamazing. I didn't think I was going to cum at first, but as he was fucking me it just kept building, slowly, until my orgasm hit me - and then it just didn't stop. When he finally came and stopped moving, I'll bet I'd had a five-minute long orgasm by that time. After that, he wanted to do it all the time, but I couldn't take it that often. It became our special thing; birthday sex or anniversary sex."
When she'd been quiet for a few moments, I told her that Debs had done it with me a few times, but had never been an aficionado of back door sex.
"Uhm." We lay there for a few moments, although she'd stopped my hands from playing with her nipples earlier, her body had been responding quite nicely for several minutes now, I could tell she was getting more aroused the longer I played. "Do you know what yesterday was?"
I thought back to having seen her when I got home, her saying that she needed to visit, meaning she needed sex. But it hadn't beenthatlong, just a couple of weeks since we'd spent ours in bed the night before I left. Gloria had been without me for longer than that. I thought about it, and then confessed, I didn't know anything special about the previous day.
"It was my anniversary." Suddenly everything became clear; anniversary, but no husband to have sex with. Wanting to visit me yesterday, which I knew meant she wanted sex; telling me about her special day sex treat with her husband, waiting for me practically naked, in bed this morning when I got home; bringing her toy with her today which she acknowledged was her butt toy...
"Ah, I see," I said. "Are you going to let me take your bottom?"
"I'd like that."
Unseen by me when I'd come in, she'd brought along a tube of lubricant which she'd left on the dresser, and she knew how to use it; starting with her backside, but not initially outright lubing up my cock to begin with. She had me start her doggie style, cock in her pussy and vibrator in her ass just as we had a few minutes before, but then she had me pull out and put on a condom and added lube to my now jacketed member before turning her ass up to me again. The vibrator had slipped in easily, but when I removed it and placed my cock against her sphincter, she instructed me to open her with my thumb first. Even that was too much, the vibrator was totally smooth, my thumb with ridges hung up too much, but my finger penetrated her first and almost easily before I switched to my thumb. I pushed my finger in as far as I could, feeling around, feeling inside. It seemed to be slippery, I suspected she had previously added or filled her bottom with some lubricant, but it must have been before I arrived. When I pulled my thumb out, I could tell her butt hole didn't close rapidly or as tight as it had been and this time my cock head penetrated a bit. "Slow..." she urged, and then moments later, "more lube."
My cock had been rock hard the entire time, unusual for me. Usually I get rock hard just before and during actually fucking, expanding even more until I orgasm, but when we stop actual penetration or a blowjob or hand job, I have a tendency to wilt just a bit. This morning, I'd been extremely erect the entire time we'd been playing. Pressing myself again against her bud, I felt her stretching, opening, accepting my cock inside her. "Wait! Oh... Wait!" she begged when my cock head finally popped through into her anal cavity. Her bottom was rocking against me; gradually she began moving back and forth, taking me deeper and deeper inside. 'Oh... you fill me up so good!" I gripped her hips, watching my cock slowly disappearing and reappearing inside her. "Oh, use the vibrator now...on my clit ..."
I bent to pick it up off the bed, realizing as I did that we hadn't yet washed it. "I think we should wash it first," I said, pushing my cock still further in her as I did. She pushed back against me, and I began to pull out.
"Oh!" she protested, and then "yeah, go wash it, I want it." I slowly pulled back, seeing her ass now totally open as my cock pulled out. A quick wash and rinse, and when I returned her butt had finally closed. "A little more lube," she said, and this time when I pressed my cock against her bottom she opened and accepted me almost easily. I worked my way inside and back, repeating, going deeper, feeling the difference of her rectum instead of her vagina wrapped around my cock.. Now almost easily sliding in and out despite the tightness of her sphincter, when I again reached for the vibrator, she said "It's ok... I don't need that any more... just keep... Oh!... doing... oh!" I could hear her labored breathing.
It was almost like I was in her mind. Somehow I seemed to understand what was good and what wasn't. Her bottom moved back against me, her sphincter clinched, I pushed in and pulled out and pushed in, and her body began to shake in orgasm. A quivering at first; turning into a shaking, a continuous orgasmic shake that rocked her entire body. It didn't seem to matter how much I was actually fucking her now, just a little movement elicited a severe quiver; a full stroke in and out might have no change, or might elicit a moan or grunt of pleasure. I could feel the tingling beginning in my cock and balls; I might not have been on edge when I'd gotten there today due to the fabulous sex with Gloria the night before, but I was definitely getting more and more on edge now.
"I need..." she said, her hand coming back to touch my stomach - pushing against it to make me stop my motions. "Let me up." Reluctantly I followed her request, pulling back and out of her bottom. Instantly rolling over, she reached up with her hand, and taking it, she indicated I should lie down. Onto my back, she immediately straddled me, and with just a little bit of alignment I was again sliding inside her ass. Literally within seconds her orgasm was shaking her body again.
From this position she could control the motions, and I could play with the rest of her body. She responded positively to my hands on her nipples, pinching and twiddling had her arching her back, but when my fingers found her clit, her shuddering "uh-uh, too much!" told me to stay away - for a while. I'd been bottoming out inside her doggie style, now she was pounding down onto my cock - at least some of the time. She'd rise up and down, and then suddenly drop hard, her bottom pounding into my hips. Her body was glistening with sweat from the exertion, when the boiling inside my cock and balls returned, this time I knew I was going to blow. When I finally thrust up inside her bottom, gripping her hips to hold her still while my cum exploded from my erection, filling the condom; we just never started moving again. She gradually leaned forward and down against my chest, gradually relaxing, my cock still pinched inside her bottom. Our bodies were slippery with sweat, but she just lay there on top of me. A few moments later I urged her to roll to the side, my cock now withered and spent almost pulling out of the condom as I tried to remove myself from her ass. I managed to slide back and pull out both from her ass and got up to dispose of our used raincoat, stopping to wash my cock momentarily as well. When I returned, she was on her side, asleep.
"Thank you," she said two hours later when she awoke. I'd been lying there with my eyes closed, not asleep, but just relaxing. "That was really nice."
"Yeah, It was," I agreed, barely whispering into her hair, "really nice." My mind went back to the few times that Debs and I had played that way, remembering our experiences. "If Debs and I knew how to do it like that, I'm sure we'd have done it more often. I don't think she ever had an orgasm from anal; she did it more for me."
Janet started to roll onto her side, toward me, an "oh!" escaping her lips, a look of pain in her eyes.
"What's wrong?"
"It just hurt a little. I'll be OK."
"Was it worth it?" I asked. She rolled over so that her face was above mine, and bent to kiss me, a long, lovers, thank you kiss.
"Every bit."
"Yeah, that was pretty special," I agreed.
She wanted to take a shower, to clean her bottom and all the excess lubricant from her body. I joined her in the shower but then except for holding her and hugging her and running my hands over her as I washed her back, there was no arousal left in either of us; we were sated. She helped me strip and remake the bed with clean sheets before either of us got dressed, no qualms about staying nude while we did so. That our tryst was over, we both knew without saying so. When she said she probably ought to go, I asked her if she minded feeding Samson that evening and then walked her across the street to her house where she asked if I wanted to say hi to Rob before leaving. I felt a bit guilty saying yes. Here I'd just fucked his wife's ass, which apparently had been his special occasion treat, and I wasn't sure whether he knew that or not. I'd introduced Janet to Bug, or at least they had met because of me, and I knew they were now definitely seeing each other all the time, at least via electronic communication if not in person, but hadn't really talked to him in depth since any of that had happened. Now, was I to walk in and pretend I wasn't having sex with his wife? I didn't know, but I needn't have worried.
"So, did you enjoy your anniversary treat?" He queried, a smile and knowing grin on his face after I'd said hello, with Janet holding onto my arm. She'd never particularly indicated public affection for me before, at least not in front of Rob.
"Oh stop it," Janet said, reaching down and playfully slapping his leg, releasing my arm as she did. It wasn't pulling away, just separation. I wasn't sure from the question whether Rob had spoken to me or to Janet, but her "It was really nice, but I may not walk normal for a week," indicated she thought it was addressed to her. She bent and kissed him before saying she'd be back in a moment and left us alone. I was a bit taken aback; although I wasn't ashamed to admit anything, talking outright about what I'd done sexually, and with whom, wasn't what I normally did. But, I did admit to myself as I thought about it, Debs and I had similar conversations between ourselves, about ourselves or whomever we'd been sharing with. I realized that, technically, Janet and Rob were married, so except that he hadn't physically participated, it made sense. Particularly if Janet was telling him everything, wasn't hiding anything from him.
"She told me she was going to offer that to you," he said to my querying look. "I was the one that really wanted to try anal sex the first time, and it wasn't so hot for her then, but since then she's found how to do it right and that she really likes it - at least occasionally. A cock always leaves her out of sorts for a few days afterward, but she uses her little vibrator all the time." I'd never really talked to him or Janet about their relationship, so wasn't aware of what their private conversations were.
"She tells you about what we do?" I asked.
"Always," he nodded. "If she doesn't tell me, I ask. The only sex I get is vicariously through you, and now Bug, also. She says you're both really caring lovers."
"You've met Bug?"
"Oh yeah, she's spent the weekend a couple of times now. They can get a bit rambunctious." He grinned. I was surprised; although I'd known that Bug had been over to see Janet when she'd surprised me for my birthday, I didn't know she'd been back since, visiting more often than that.
"So... I'm curious, how does that work for you? Getting sex vicariously through others? What does that mean?"
He couldn't shrug his shoulders, but he raised his eyebrows and tilted his head. I got the message. "It is what it is. I basically don't function below the neck, so it's all in my head. I still have the same thoughts and desires, although admittedly they're a bit muted from when hormones ruled my life... Do you know what a difference you've made in Janet?"
"How's that?"
"Whether she admitted it or not, she was a bit depressed until you came along. She'd gotten to dressing ultra conservative, withdrawing from doing anything except around here at the house. And then, that all changed. She'll dress up and wear sexy things again, especially when she's going over to see you. She almost always talks to me about what she's going to wear, or shows me what she's wearing. She'll come in and say, "do you think Jim will like this?" Or just say goodbye, letting me see what she's wearing, and then she'll be back later."
"And Kris?" I asked, wondering what he thought of his wife and Bug.
"She's quite a little doll, isn't she?" he answered.
"Yeah, and so is Janet. They're both dolls. How does that affect you, you know - Bug and Janet?" I asked.
"About the same as with you," he answered. "I mean, I know Janet had her flings before we got together, with both men and women, but I just wish she'd have hooked up back when I could still perform!" He laughed, "I guess all us males have a threesome fantasy sometime in our life, don't we?"
"You never did?"
He looked quizzical, "Have a threesome fantasy?"
"No, have a threesome."
"Oh. No, we never did. Janet and I talked about what it was like to be with others, but we were exclusive. I know that Janet did early in life with the couple she was babysitting for, and I know you and Janet and Bug all got together recently, but I never have. Probably the closest I'd ever get now is just to see Janet and Bug together," he rolled his head to look to the left, out the large picture window that dominated the outside wall, "if I can get them to go outside someday. "Maybe I can get them to play together out there so I can watch. Or maybe get you to join them too. It may not be physical pleasure, but sex essentially comes from our mind, and mine still works."
I just nodded, agreeing, and Janet returned. I said I should probably get going, and when he asked if I was going home, I told him that my friend Gloria was in town for a conference and I was going to meet her for dinner. "Oh? From one woman's bed to another?" He grinned, extrapolating to the logical conclusion of my statement. I just cocked my head and raised an eyebrow before turning and having Janet put her arm around me as I headed for the front door.
"Rob really likes you," she said at the door. "He says you're very logical and down to earth."
"He's a good man. I'm just sorry for you that I have to substitute for him. I'm sure you had a wonderful relationship."
"We still do. It's changed, but we are still in love." I kissed her and stepped out.