As the day draws on, Wanda prepares to attend a class with Julie and several of the key participants of her epic reveal in front of the whole school.
Wanda had not been able to find Julie since before school started. The day had been a rollercoaster. It started with everyone openly ogling and mocking her after her total exposure over spring break. She made up with Julie and now, out of fear, everyone is trying to make it look like they are ignoring her when she knows full well she is clearly the focus of everyone's attention.
Someone has been leaving photos of the incident around the school for Wanda and Julie to find. Wanda has been reliving the experience through every painstaking detail picked up on film. Wanda has seen in vivid detail how much her tormentors enjoyed her humiliation. Wanda was furious when she saw the sheer glee her supposed best friends took as she lived out her worst nightmare. The photo's so far had captured some new variation of her expression and the mix of anger, embarrassment, shock, hatred, and revulsion she felt. With precision detail, Wanda could remember the details of every instant captured on film. The sound that escaped her mouth as she gasped. The feel of her bikini top constricting as Dillon grasped it tightly, his fingers brushing the bottoms of her breast. As bad as all that was, the worst part was seeing Dillon's expressions. The knowing look that he would have this experience over her for a lifetime. He was clearly getting sexual pleasure from the undeniable beauty and form of Wanda's perfect breasts. He was also wickedly enjoying Wanda's hatred of him as he took what he wanted. He looked truly evil as he left Wanda powerless and on display. He could be seen playing up for the camera, reveling in the audience witnessing Wanda's display.
The last photo of the incident left for Wanda to find had been prominently displayed in front of her entire first-period class. Not only had the students seen it but her creepy teacher, Mr. Shark, had just stared at Wanda's topless picture blown up larger than life. She knew the whole school must be whispering about this now, She suspected Mr. Sharkswas looking at the photo right now. Studying her giant breasts in great detail.
While Wanda was picturing her lecherous teacher leering at her giant topless photo, she passed by Principal Lolis' unusually noisy office. At the moment Mr Lolis' office was packed wall to wall with horny teachers he had charged fifty dollars each to attend a viewing of the very giant photo she suspected Mr. Shark of staring at right now. Most of the male teachers had eagerly forked over the money to see Wanda's bare tits in all their glory. The giant brown orbs had been the subject of many hushed tone conversations among the whole school staff.
Mr. Sharks was notably absent from Mr. Lolis' office, being that he is widely regarded as one of the bigger pervs among the staff. He had been commenting on Wanda's big breasts since freshman year. Instead, during the view, he was hate masturbating in the teacher's bathroom. Angrily stroking his cock while he fumed that Loli had the nerve to want fifty bucks from him to attend the viewing. As mad as he was, the memory of Wanda's giant brown rack brought forth a huge eruption from his balls.
Wanda thought nothing of the excited whoops she heard from Principal Lolis office as the girls' gym teacher Miz Fleming opened the door with a fifty dollar bill in hand. She didn't notice the custodians staring at her as she walked by, grinning a knowing grin among each other as they read the others thoughts. She had her mind on her next class. Julie would be there and she could find out if he had seen any more photos from the incident and how much did he know about what had happened.
As Wanda entered the room it dawned on her that Britney and several of Dillon's pack of bullies also had fourth-period science. She had not given Dillon's friends much thought in years once she started dating Julie. They had never said another word to her. They were really the only guys in the school she didn't catch peeking glances at her breasts. They were that afraid of Julie. She had almost forgotten they existed. In her mind, they were followers just going along with what their leader Dillon wanted. She was thinking about them now. She remembered Dillon's wicked grin as he ogled her bikini-clad breasts. The look of lust in his eyes making her regret choosing a top with a giant open space that showed off her ample cleavage. She couldn't get her hands free from Britany and Ashley's grasp. It was the friend's presence with the camcorders that made her realize what was about to happen. She remembered the joyous look of pleasure Dillon's friends had as they circled around her half-naked body. In her mind, she could still feel the heat coming off the camera as it hovered inches from her breast as it captured every detail of her chest. She remembered their cameras in her face capturing her every emotion.
Wanda took her seat next to her former friend Britney. She would ask for a seating change as soon as Mr. Holms arrived. It was odd for him to be late. He was usually very punctual.
Britney snarkily asked "No hello?"
"You're lucky I don't pound your teeth in," Wanda replied
"Me! What did I do" she asked with mock innocence.
Wanda sat boiling in her chair.
"Are you mad about that little prank we played on you?" Britney asked.
"Prank!?!" Wanda asked in disbelief.
"Yeah, what's the big deal?"
"The big deal is the whole school saw me naked." Wanda yelled.
Wanda realized her volume and looked around embarrassed. The whole class did its best to act like they hadn't heard, even though Wanda knew she was again the center of attention. Britney saw Wanda's desire not to draw attention to herself.
"You weren't naked! Just topless," Britney spoke in a loud voice now.
"It's the same thing," Wanda whispered angrily
"You wouldn't have thought that if Ashley and me had let my brother strip off those bottoms you had on," Britney said amused
Now, much of the class was openly watching the exchange between Britney and Wanda.
"And you don't even say thank you." Britney said almost seriously
"You expected a thank you?" Wanda asked stunned.
Yeah, the crowd wanted it. You heard them. My brother was clearly about to, flash dat ass like it was a rap video" Britney said the last part she said with a racist stereotypical accent.
There was a laugh or a giggle from somewhere in the room. Wanda looked at Dillon's friends who clearly enjoyed at the thought of Wanda with her bottoms stripped off.
"Shake dat ass like a salt Shakah" one of them yelled and waved his arms in exaggerated gang signs.
"What what" another yelled
The third stood and crossed his arms gangster style "word to your mother" he said
The over the top delivery of each line was more offensively stereotypically black than the last. There was a scattering of laughs around the class now. Most were still cautious of Julie, whose presence was expected any moment now. But many found this last exchange genuinely funny despite the obvious racism of the bit.
Britney continued, "You know my brother says it's supposed to all be pink on the inside. How would you like it if he had proved it to everyone?"
Wanda winced when she heard that. She heard white people say that before, and she always hated it. It sounded exactly like something Dillon would say.
"If Dillon had his way everyone could be calling you pinky right now." Britney said as though she was making a legitimate point.
Wanda remembered Dillon's face as the crowd chanted for her pussy. His eyes washed over her bikini-clad ass and pelvis. two of the camcorders crouched down to capture her lower body on video, another was pointed at her face to capture her reaction when her most intimate parts came into view of the rowdy chanting crowd. Dillon looked back into Wanda's eyes and she could read his thoughts. In his mind, he was hooking her bikini briefs under his thumbs on both sides of her waist. His fingers caressing her hips as he lowered the spandex. He would smell her sex as her tightly trimmed bush came into view his eyes would bulge as the V shape of her mound came into view he would pause to mug for the camera his head so close to her womanhood she would feel his hairbrush her hips. The noise from the crowd getting louder as the petals of her flower were about to reveal themselves from beneath the yellow material. The silent shock of the crowd when her pussy turns out to be more purple than the pink they were expecting, followed by another deafening roar of approval at her continued exposure. She saw all of that flash through Dillon's eyes and knew he had every intention of stripping her naked for everyone. As his eyes slowly lowered and broke contact with her she knew when he came back up and she saw his eyes again she would see the evil glee he felt of knowing the last secrets of her body she still kept and sharing them with the world.
She would be left trying to wrap her head around her flower being bared to the world and how she would go on in a world where Dillon had seen her pussy. For a second she forgot about all the eyes that had viewed her naked breasts. She didn't know what naked meant until the reality of her nude vagina on display for the whole world set in. Wanda tensed in horror at the thought. Just then her arms were free and she genuinely felt a rush of gratitude to her friends for releasing her before things went too far.
It was a crazy thought, "too far", she forgot it had ever crossed her mind. The most important thing immediately following was punching Dillon. She had to get back some of what he had taken from her. The soft wet crunch of his nose under her knuckles gave her some sense of power returning over her life and body, She got some pleasure as he fell down in pain his eyes watering. The scattered laughter from the same crowd that witnessed her exposure now at least was directed at her tormentor. Dillon took all that away when he smirked through blood covered teeth and said "worth it" before glancing at her recently bared tits. After all that she forgot that for a second she did feel thankful to her friends.
"Do you realize how happy we made everybody?" Britney asked with a mischievous tone.
Wanda forgot about being grateful as she glared at her evil ex-friend.
"You heard them. It was louder than a ball game. Those were some bouncy basketballs you had going there, too" Britney said glancing at her chest.
"You do know that Julie is going to destroy your brother?" Wanda remarked really tired of Britney's smugness.
"Like cripple him for life, never be the same, drain on the family finances, no money for college type of destroy," Wanda said dead serious hoping that would have an effect.
"We'll see," Britney said her eyes flickering wickedly on the now entering Julie
to be concluded.