I was woken from my brain daze by a decent sized pebble cracking the beach less than a foot away on my right which caused me to turn my head instinctively and that's when it happened.
"It is Tony, I knew it was! TONY, TONY... it's me Donna, oh and Nikki too! TONY!"
BUSTED! I looked at her like a deer in headlights then eventually as she called my name again, now with Nikki kneeling up to see over Donna and also look at me. I smiled and lifted my torso up to engage with them. I said hi and asked how they were etc. Donna eventually got up and tentatively walked over doing that awkward walk a pebble beach demands, the high sun casting a short shadow.
"HOLY FUCK TONY! What the fuck are you doing here?"
"Still have a potty mouth I see!" Was my only response but I was buzzing as to the next step in our little reunion. Donna stood right over me and I was contorted over to look up at her she was so close.
"You not going to give me a hug? What's it been, four fucking years?"
Now what? I was now in a lost situation and I had to relent to her. Perhaps it was the best thing, like ripping off the plaster, becoming a confident nudist and being comfortable in my body... Yeah that simple! Fuck no I was bricking it. I had one of those internal shudders but inside I was thinking that I needed to play it cool. One thing on my mind was that the nervous energy might have had a negative effect on my dick. I just couldn't tell.
"Well don't be rude, get up and give me hug you dopey fool!" Donna was commanding in her tone like it was an instruction, not a request and she wasn't going to want to repeat herself. I looked up again and she squatted down right in front of me, her knees spreading wide, her pussy right there, just a few feet away but covered by a wide layer of red swimsuit. She had come down so she could whisper to me.
"Holy shit, those two just look wrong together. How does that even work in the bedroom?" As she said it she pointed casually over my other shoulder where I could hear the sound of people walking up the beach. I turned, rolled over and sat up in one swift motion, pulling my knees up and together as I did so making it near impossible for Donna to have 'seen' anything. It took a second for me to let my eyes adjust to the additional brightness but I soon saw what she was talking about. Coming up the beach was the petite Asian girl and the big black man. And he was big! The woman was carrying his board-shorts in her hand, her body almost fully on display as her wet suit was near transparent. She had a clearly visible strip of dark bush and the nipples were now so clear it was like a wet T-shirt contest. He was swinging as he walked up, naked now but for his flip-flops, an incredibly girthy penis of about 9 inches. "Great! Thanks mate for showing me up!" I thought to myself.
Donna and I watched as they both came back up to their spot again. He came right over to me and said thank you for looking after his stuff, giving Donna a sly smile as he spoke to me which suggested she had been caught looking at his dick? The Asian girl also smiled as she passed and I got a real good look at her naked yet covered body, the board-shorts held tight in her hands. Donna moved so she was more in front of me. She asked if I had seen anything like it. I said I'd never seen such a see through swimsuit, no. She kicked me in the shin gently and scolded me stating it wasn't what SHE was talking about and I knew as much! This was followed by a few seconds of awkward silence Donna put her arm out and forwards indicating a hug was needed and so I relented and stood up to hug her.
As soon as I was upright her eyes went straight to my penis. I in turn looked down to see my own nudity, my less than average there for the world, including Donna, to see. She gave me a sly grin as our eyes met briefly before my head went over her left shoulder for the hug. I had stood in so our bodies didn't touch, thinking this to be the respectful thing to do, but she countered and came in tight pulling us together, skin on skin. Because of my height compared to her I could feel the root of my penis pressed into her abdomen, her magnificent breasts were squished into my chest and it felt amazing. We stayed like this a few too many seconds and I felt a stir, my penis coming back out and likely sitting at its natural length; but I did not want it going further than that. The embarrassment would kill me dead! I pulled away and as I did so Donna grabbed my hand and started to lead me over to Nikki who was sat up watching. As we neared she too stood up and arms came out for a hug. She was giggling as I approached and I gave her a stern look. It was a kind of autopilot thing to do.
"You look like you are in pain walking on those stones. It looks so undignified. That's what is funny!" She said. I was having to lurch across the stones as I'd not had a chance to put my beach shoes on so was bobbing left and right which made Nikki giggle, well at least I hope it was why! I came in for the hug. As we are similar heights and she has much smaller breasts, had less of the problem I'd had with Donna but it was nice to feel so much skin on skin with another hot woman.
As I pulled away the three of us stood in limbo for a few seconds then in sync we all laughed. I was grateful as it broke the tension I was feeling and made me feel at ease with them again after all this time. The girls demanded I come and sit with them so I went over to collect up all my gear from 5 meters away. Once I had my beach shoes on I was able to do it in a clumsy 2 trips, the girls having parted their towels and moved away from each other to create a 3ft gap between them intended for me. I laid out all my gear as I had previously had it but now I was bumping towels with my two friends and I was totally naked and they were not! I am generally a fairly confident person, say in the workplace, but I realised I had been on the edge of my comfort zone earlier but things had now evolved to where I was more comfortable and accepting of my situation.
Once settled in we chatted for a bit, reminiscing about old times, things we'd done; people we'd not seen in years and places we'd been. Nikki was now an artist, mostly doing graphic design but also doing contract pieces and some photography. Donna was flying high for some boring call centre place where she got to be the boss of several hundred (mostly) young call centre 'drones' all chasing a bonus they could never attain. Soon Donna asked why I was here and I told her about being down to see family and friends; but she interrupted me say why HERE, the naturist beach. I told her I had wanted to try it again for years but had only just plucked up the courage to do it. I told them about my secluded beach in Kos then asked in turn why they were HERE. Nikki said that Donna brings them both down whenever possible to ogle the naked guys and work on their tans. Nikki told me Donna was a bit of a pervert when it came to naked men but that she would always bottle it if one actually came to speak to her; though Donna claimed it was because the ones who had the confidence to come and speak to them were usually too old and or creepy. Nikki went on to say Donna was very picky with men. They had to have a certain look, not too tall, not too short, not too thin, not too fat, not to smooth, not too hairy, not to 'small', not too 'big'... etc. Donna then back-tracked the conversation to state that it was actually Nikki that had decided this was the place to come and 'people watch'. I think this was more than likely true!
The next hour seemed to breeze past and I had almost forgotten I was naked in a full on CFNM situation. Donna asked about my married status and I explained my girlfriend was off in Kazakhstan for 2 years and that whilst it was never officially stated, we were no longer a couple. I was scolded for not knowing if I was still in a relationship after 2 years with somebody! "Are you on the market or off Tony? Simple fucking question!" Donna blurted out. I said I guessed I was on the market but umm, errr... "Make a fucking decision you pussy! She clearly doesn't give a shit to run off like that! Call her now and tell her it's over!" I was taken aback at her rage on the matter. Nikki calmly said that Donna was right but that her methods were more 'Gestapo' and less 'caring friend'.
So 5 minutes later and we'd worked out the time difference and I called my ex to confirm it was over and that I would put her personal items in a box in the garage for her to collect when she got back. I seemed to be anxious as I spoke but the responses I got were grunts and 'Okays' and not much else. I hung up and rather than feel shitty I actually felt like a weight was taken off and I broke into an involuntary smile.
Both girls gave me some time to my thoughts and a plastic cup of Pinot Grigio. We had settled down and were laying on our fronts looking away from the ocean when a group of five set up right behind us, which meant that we were currently looking right at them. As it was busier on the beach, space was more at a premium so they were only about 4 metres away from us, which in nude beach terms is almost on top of you! The group was 2 black girls and 3 white guys, all in their late twenties or early thirties but all in good shape. I remember thinking that you wouldn't be surprised to see them at a swingers party and it was an unusual ethnic dynamic. The women were both very sexy and had killer figures, one thin with soft brown skin covered in lots of decorative tattoos, long legs, bleached copper colour hair and bulbous fake tits; the other woman was curvy with darker skin, large natural breasts, wide hips and strong frame. The 3 guys were all quite buff, one was a man mountain with a shaved head who was also covered in tattoos; you'd not want to meet him in a dark alley! The other two had six packs and short haircuts with the same military tattoos on their chests with one of them showing a big scar on his left shoulder.
Donna caught my eye and whispered that we had squaddies beside us, a big grin on her face as she eyed them up. The two smaller guys stripped naked almost instantly and one then helped the curvy woman out of her summer dress to reveal she was naked underneath. This in turn started to give him a boner on an average looking cock, but he sat down and hid his cock after. The other guy had a really fat dick and he stood hands on hips posing for a good two or three minutes before sitting back down. The big guy got to his shorts and then lay down whilst the tattooed girl who was clearly his partner stripped down to skimpy sheer black underwear but went no further either. I watched her taking a long look at her naked friends before laying out her tiny frame onto her towel. I was mesmerised by this enormous dragon tattoo on her back which covered about 60% of her back and was very detailed. The dragons' tail went down her left leg and its wings sprawled across both shoulders. I watched the naked one set her bits up and lay out her towel. She was bending over right in front of me with her legs apart giving me a clear unobscured look at her shaved pussy. At one point as she spread the towel she stretched further forward and her pussy lips parted to show some pink; her large tits hanging in such a way that they moved like a pendulum.
By the time she was sat down I had a full on boner and had to adjust myself to get comfy. Nikki saw this but didn't say anything to Donna thankfully. This woman was sat right direct above me giving me a direct sight line to her crotch which was a massive bonus for me! This of course meant that my erection was in for the long haul.
The sun beat down on the 5 bodies in front of me but my eyes were glued to the larger woman. Her dark skin glistened as she covered herself in tanning oil from head to toe, paying particular attention to those pendulous breasts. As she oiled her legs and thighs her position laid down meant that she would spread a leg wide, pull her knee to her chest or point it straight up so as not to miss any of her skin. This 'show' was amazing and I was staring at her as she did it, my eyes glued to her nakedness so near I could smell the coconut oil she was using. Several times as her legs moved the slit of her pussy would gape slightly and the contrasting pinkness would peek out then hide away again. I hadn't noticed that the guy next to her had seen I was leering and he prodded the lady to inform her of my voyeurism. She looked me in the eye, WINKED and continued to swing her thighs.
"Did she just wink at you?" Donna asked. I confirmed it to Donna and said that it was about as embarrassing as it gets. Donna told me to 'go fuck myself' and that it was cool. That I shouldn't be such an old 'fuddy-duddy' and lighten up. "Watch!" She said, and she looked at the squaddie who'd caught me and winked at him. He smiled back at Donna and lifted part of his hand in acknowledgement. "See!" Donna exclaimed. "Just a bit of harmless fun!" As she said it she had reached behind and slapped my buttocks hard, making a loud 'thwack' sound. It made me flinch and expel all the air in my body which made an 'umph' sound. The squaddie and the oiled up black woman chuckled as they looked our way. I allowed myself to continue looking at her open legs. She was happy to spread her legs as wide as possible to show off her pussy. I wondered if she was teasing me or was just an exhibitionist. She might have just been 100% confident and an experienced naturist but it felt more like the exhibitionist in her was glowing.
Donnas earlier thwack made me realise I needed to put more tanning lotion on my back again. As I fumbled around for it I realised my penis was now throbbing and it was getting a bit uncomfortable plus my back had now had 2+ hours of sunshine and my front near to nothing. I quickly turned over and sat up. It was a bit early for lunch but I grabbed my bag and tossed it into my lap to cover my erection. I took out my food and drink and slowly began to eat my meal as I watched the naked world in front of me. I noticed several men had setup quite near to us as we'd been facing away, one obnoxiously so. Soon Nikki turned around as well and immediately and overly loudly said. "What the Fuck! If that guy setup any closer he would be sharing my towel!" He was laid out on his stomach facing us and was likely less than a meter and a half between him and the bottom of Nikki's towel. His eye-line meant he was likely looking right up at her bikini where it covered her pussy.
He clearly heard Nikki but pretended to read the ingredients and dietary detail from his packet of crisps so as not to look up. I responded along the line that it was not so busy that he needed to be so damned close to us. Nikki responded by saying that if Donna sees him she will likely give him a piece of her mind. She then went on to tell me of a time the summer before where a guy had done something similar when they had come with another female friend who had gone topless. She said he kept inching closer and closer and that he seemed to think they weren't noticing him. Donna then had enough, stood up and started shouting at him in front of everybody, calling him a 'Fucking Pervert' and that she'd call police and the like. Two muscular gay guys even came over and ushered him away for us. No sooner had he moved away than he dressed and left. I noted that Donna was never one to take prisoners and Nikki agreed with me.
Hearing her name Donna turned around and asked if we were plotting against her. Nikki explained the situation briefly and Donna was already standing. She went over and stood over the guy. He was a skinny little Asian man who was lying on his clothes, not prepared for the beach. "Do you really need to sit there this close? Look at the place there is tons of space. Why don't you just FUCK RIGHT OFF!" She turned and sat back down. The two women behind us giving a little clap as Donna poured herself another glass of wine. He turned around and sat motionless for 3 or 4 minutes then upped and left. My erection had been fading but Donna's power move had me back at full mast again. Nikki I think knew but was playing it cool, but Donna was not so forgiving. She asked me if I still had a hard-on for the busty black girl; had she had noticed or guessed? I grunted in a way that didn't register as a yes or a no so Donna took things into her own hands, literally. She reached under my bag and fumbled away until the tips of her fingers brushed at my hard-on; she then put her full hand around it, lightly moving down then up once, to gauge size I guessed, then let go. "Yup. Still horny and hard!" she all but yelled out. I saw a couple of people look our way and one of the others who'd recently set up near us grin widely.
This didn't help my predicament by any shape of the imagination. "DONNA!" Nikki blurted out as she berated her for the action that I was still processing as a 'did that really just happen?' moment. Donna looked over and said that she didn't hear me complaining. Then before I could do anything to stop her she grabbed my arm and pressed my palm into her right breast which I naturally cupped like an animal response. No sooner was I weighing it up than she shoved my hand away stating that we were now even. The people watching us were all laughing and smiling at our antics and I was stuck with an almost painful penis throbbing away on a nude beach with just my backpack concealing my predicament. Donna then leant past me to see Nikki and said, "He's a grower Nikki!" Like before like I wasn't there!
Donna asked me to take her down for a swim to cool off but I told her I was not moving until my erection went down. She tried to suggest the cold water would be an ideal remedy but I had all of a sudden 'grown a pair' and was not going to parade a hard-on about on this beach for her enjoyment, I just didn't have that in me! Part of me kind of wanted to but I just couldn't do it. I finished my lunch off and thankfully within 15 minutes I was deflating down, but definitely 'fluffed'.
It had been very silent over this period and I was now relaxing into my 4th cup of wine which was no doubt helping me meet my goal of being comfortably naked on the beach. I decided it was time and stood up without warning. My recently deflated erection meant I was still puffed up a bit and in my mind looking very respectable for me. Donna was looking up at me, or rather at my dick as I faced her direction, she gazed at my groin for a good 3 or 4 seconds before looking me in the eye as I put on my beach shoes. She put out her hand and I helped her up, the momentum swinging her into me and her ample tits absorbing the contact between us. I felt a stirring again as we strode down the beach and she grabbed my hand to slow me down, she said I was to look after her, not charge off into the distance.