Rachel exhaled as she set down her purse and gym bag on the bench. Work had been non-stop today, and she was relieved to finally be able to de-stress at the gym. She stretched her neck as she undid the buttons on her white cotton shirt and set it on the bench next to her bags. She unzipped her grey pencil skirt, and let that fall to the floor, enjoying the feeling of air on her skin. She took a moment to put her hair in a ponytail before opening her gym bag. She took out her sneakers, and as she set them down, noticed a note rolled up inside the left one. Rachel picked it up and unfolded it as she absentmindedly stepped out of her high heels. She recognized Ken's handwriting:
Rachel,
I have a dare for you, if you're brave enough. Wear only what is in this bag for your workout today, and you must include the following in your session:
Squats
Thigh Adductor machine
Partner stretch
Complete this challenge, with evidence, and dinners are on me for a week. Good luck!
By the time she finished reading through the short note for a second time, her heart was already racing. She had mentioned a couple days ago that she likes getting checked out at the gym, and I guess he wanted to kick that up a notch. Intrigued, she reached into her gym bag. First, she grabbed one of Ken's tank tops. It was about 2 sizes too big, white, and had giant arm holes that came down almost to her waist. The next item in the bag was a pair of her white boyshort underwear, which if anything were less sexual than what she usually wore under her gym shorts. When she reached back in the bag, however, her heart skipped a beat. It was empty. No shorts, no sports bra. Nothing. She picked the tank top back up and shook it out, making sure nothing was caught inside of it. But no, Ken had packed her only sneakers, underwear, and a baggy tank top.
She couldn't do this. No way she was going to go work out in front of total strangers wearing next to nothing. But even as she was telling herself this, she knew that it wasn't true. Just thinking about it had awakened the exhibitionist inside her, and she knew that it wasn't going away anytime soon. Rachel removed her bra, set it on the bench, and pulled the tank top over her head. Without stopping to think, she removed her thong and replaced it with the white boyshorts, slid her sneakers on, and locked everything else away in her locker except for her phone and headphones. On the way out of the locker room, she stopped in front of the mirror. Turning slowly, she saw how much she would really be on display. The sides of the tank top were very open, and you could see the side of each breast even while standing up. The bottom of it had been cut, and so even though it was big on her, it fell just below her waist. As she turned, she could see that the bottom of each cheek peeked out from under the white cotton fabric of her underwear. She tried to pull them down a bit, but it didn't do much good. She smiled at this, took a picture of her reflection, and headed out of the locker room.
She had braced herself for the worst, anticipating an overreaction from the entire gym as soon as she opened the door. However, as she walked out the door and up the stairs to where the treadmills were, things seemed almost normal. She got some stares from most of the guys and some of the girls that she passed, but this was nothing new. They may have held their gaze a bit longer than usual at her bare sides or barely covered ass, but Rachel enjoyed that. She was a little bit flustered, but decided to stick with her usual routine as best she could - treadmill, weights, and then stretching. It was slightly less busy than usual today, and all but two treadmills were open. She stepped onto the one that was two down from a guy she had seen there before. His name was John, and they had spoken a couple of times. He looked over as she put her headphones in and started her music, and she gave him a small wave. He smiled, and let his eyes wander down her exposed side before he waved back. He spent a lot of time at the gym, and she was sure he had caught her checking him out on a few occasions.
Rachel started up the treadmill, and as she waited for the machine to get up to speed, she sent the picture of herself in the locker room to Ken with the text "Challenge Accepted." As she began to run, Rachel became acutely aware of what a difference a sports bra makes. Even though her small, firm breasts didn't bounce enough to cause her discomfort, there was much more movement than she was used to, and the fabric rubbing against her erect nipples gave her goosebumps. Additionally, each step caused the boyshorts to ride up, exposing more of her firm ass. At first, she tried to straighten it out, but soon gave up. By the end of her two mile warm up, half her ass was showing, and she was beginning to sweat. She shut the machine off, and wiped her face on her shirt. Only after seeing John staring at her did she realize that in doing so, she exposed her left breast to him. She gave him a wink, adjusted her outfit back to cover as much as it could, and headed to the weights.
People had started to notice her, and she had begun to develop a bit of an audience as she crossed the gym to the open squat rack. She added weights to the bar, just like any other day, and took her position under it. With her feet set shoulder width apart, she lifted the bar off of its rest, took a small step forward, and bent her knees into a squat. Looking in the mirror, she could see the eyes of three men behind her follow her as she dipped towards the floor. She paused at the bottom of the squat for a few seconds, and as she stood back up, her panties disappeared between her cheeks. She couldn't stop after just one rep, and each time she did another, the fabric slid further between her lips and rubbed against her rapidly swelling clit. Between this physical stimulation and the excitement that she always felt when being watched, Rachel was struggling to focus. She could feel herself getting wet, and when she looked in the mirror at the bottom of her next squat, she could see a dark spot growing between her legs. She grabbed her phone, and with her quads burning and pussy tingling, sent another picture to Ken.
After putting the bar back on it's rests, Rachel walked slowly over to the next machine, adjusting her panties as she walked. The stares that she was getting made her skin tingle, and she didn't want to rush it. She made sure to bend at the waist as she set the weights for the thigh adductor, and swayed her hips a bit, making sure to attract all the attention she could. She stood back up slowly, running her fingers up her smooth, glistening legs, and took a seat on the machine. The cool seat surprised her as her bare cheeks rested on it, and it put a smile on her face. Rachel took a deep breath, and spread her legs rest in position on the outside of the pads. Sitting there in the gym, legs spread wide, she looked up to view herself in the mirror, and was overcome by a mix of panic and excitement. Her white tank top had become damp, and you could see two dark circles where her nipples stood erect under the cool fabric. This was tame, however, compared to what she saw when she looked lower. Her panties were completely soaked, and the white cotton had become nearly transparent. You could see the color and shape of her swollen pussy, and with her legs spread so wide, she was certainly on display. Her inner thighs glistened with her juices, and it took every bit of her self restraint to stop her fingers from pushing inside her. Forcing herself to continue her workout, she squeezed her legs together, held them there for a few seconds, and then slowly let them return to their initial position. By the third rep, the fabric had began to bunch, and her pink lips showed on either side of the soaked white strip. Struggling to break her trance, she looked up from the mirror, and saw John curling dumbbells and watching her. He casually looked away when she turned her head, but she knew he had a clear view of her side and breast from his angle. Rachel got an idea.
"Hey John, come here a sec. I have a favor to ask you." she said with a mischievous smile. Her heart was racing already, and increased as he put his weights down and walked over. He politely stood to the side of her, staring at his hands awkwardly. "Hey Rachel, whats up?"
She did one more rep and replied "Come here where I can see you." Acting as if she couldn't turn her head to look at him while working out, she was in fact just getting him to stand directly in front of her open legs. He took two steps over, and his mouth dropped open nearly as wide as her legs were spread. His eyes locked between her legs, and Rachel could feel herself becoming even wetter from the attention. With a grunt, she did one more rep, squeezing her thighs together before letting them slowly open again. Feeling emboldened by her desire, she grabbed the bottom of her tank top and used it to wipe her face, being sure to lift it high enough to reveal her perky, dark nipples to him. Upon lowering her shirt again, John seemed to become aware of himself, and closed his mouth. It was obviously difficult, but he pried his eyes back up to meet hers.
Rachel smiled up at him, legs spread wide. "I'm so tight, I need help stretching. Do you think you could do that for me?"
John had finally gained a little bit of composure. "I'd love to help, but you need to help me too. My last workout is the bench press. Spot me?"
"Sure, let's go." She said with a wink. She reached down with both hands, and hooked a finger from each hand under the drenched fabric covering her pussy, pulling it out from between her lips and away from her, before letting it fall back against her. The air had chilled the fabric, and the shock of it touching her again forced a sound from her lips, something between a gasp and a moan. The noise caused John to look back, and Rachel bit her lip as she dismounted the machine and followed him to the free weights.
John checked the weights on the bar, and then laid down on the bench beneath them. Rachel hesitated. She loved having eyes on her from a distance, and showing off like this was making her hornier than she had ever been. But still, to spot him, she would have to stand at the top of the bench, directly above his face. She was still contemplating whether to call this all off and race back to the locker room when she heard John's voice say "Hey, you coming?"
"Almost" Rachel thought to herself as she walked over, took a deep breath, and turned to face the bar. With the decision made for her, excitement once again filled every inch of her, and she chose to enjoy it. She stepped up to take her place as spotter, and straddled John's face. His head couldn't have been more than a few inches below her aching sex, and electricity pulsed through her as she imagined what his view must be. He must be able to see every detail of her through the worthless fabric, and the bottom of her bare ass would be right in his line of sight. She shifted her weight from one leg to the other, and noticed that there was only one thing rising, and it wasn't the weight bar. John's cock was growing, and had become quite noticeable poking up under his gym shorts.
"Hey there big guy, you going to lift or what?" She joked.
"Uh yeah... Just getting set." he said, and lifted the weight off the rack. He lowered it to his chest, and as he lifted it, he exhaled. As his breath passed over her, she felt a chill down both of her thighs. In her excitement her wetness had crept down her legs. With each rep, his breath danced over her slick thighs and wet panties, and goosebumps covered her skin. Her breath caught in her throat and she knew she couldn't last much longer. Taking a step back, she looked down at him with a pout. "I'm sorry John, I'm just so tight. Do you think we could go stretch now? I really need your help." Without hesitation he lifted the bar back onto the rack and slid out from under it. As he stood, she could tell he was trying to adjust his shorts so that his erection was less noticeable, but it was an impossible task. She stared for several seconds before leading him to one of the quieter corners of the gym.
As much as she wanted him to fuck her right there on the mat, she knew that it wouldn't take long for security to throw them both out, and she really liked this gym. So instead, she opted for the next best thing. When they got to the corner, she turned and pulled him closer so that she could press her body against his as she whispered in his ear.
"Look, I need you to trust me. I'm going to lay down, and you're going to hold my legs up like you're stretching my hamstrings. Stay there on your knees doing that and blocking me from the view of the rest of the gym, and I promise it will be worth it." With that, she grabbed the growing bulge in his shorts and looked at him with a smile.
As she lay back on the mat, John knelt in front of her, and she lifted her legs for him to grab. He moved close to her, and made sure that his frame was blocking her from the rest of the people in the gym. On her back with her legs straight in the air, spread at a wide angle, Rachel's heart was racing. Keeping eye contact with him, she pulled her shirt up and uncovered her breasts. She ran her fingers over them before pinching her nipples hard. The jolt that shot through her was amplified by how intently John was staring at her. She had wanted to tease him longer, but she found herself unable to wait. Without the power to stop it, her hand slid down her body and into her panties. She did her best to muffle a cry as her fingertips pressed her swollen clit. The sudden stimulation after being on the edge for so long, coupled with the gaze of the muscular man holding her ankles high in the air caused a rush of pleasure to rush through her. Her body tightened, and then relaxed as she continued to touch herself.
The extent to which John was enjoying this show was evident by how hard his cock was straining against the fabric of his shorts. Wanting them both to enjoy this, Rachell reached up with her one free hand and freed his throbbing member. His eyes went wide, but he didn't protest as she used the other hand to cover his cock with her juices. Knowing that too much movement would attract more attention than even she wanted right now, Rachel moved her hand slowly and methodically up and down his shaft as she slid two fingers inside herself and worked her G-spot to the same rhythm.
As she stroked him, she she looked up to watch his face as he tried to stay still and quiet as his pleasure increased. His mouth hung open slightly and his eyes roamed from her face all the way down her body and back again. When his gaze met hers again, his eyes widened as she extended the motion of her hand to slide over his swollen head. It took only a minute or two of this before she could feel him start to pulse. "Cum for me" she whispered, and increased the pressure and speed ever so slightly. With a quiet groan, John's eyes rolled back in his head and his grip on her ankles tightened as he began to spray his hot cum onto her chest and stomach. This sensation, coupled with the third finger that she had slid inside herself, triggered the same reaction within Rachel, and she struggled to keep her orgasm silent as each wave of pleasure flowed through her. Her back arched and she felt herself contract repeatedly around her soaked fingers.
As they both came down from their high, they stayed frozen for a few minutes until they caught their breath. John let her legs down, but stayed knelt in front of her. Rachel grabbed her phone and handed it to him.
"Put your number in here, and take a picture of me." she told him.
He did so without question, and handed it back to her. She pulled her shirt over her cum-soaked body, and he slid his dick back into his shorts before helping her up.
"Thanks for the help," she said with a wink. "I'll call you next time I need a workout partner."
Back in the locker room, she grabbed a towel, but then put it back. She decided to wait until she was home to shower - the feeling of being covered in sweat and semen was exciting her, and she wanted to push this feeling going as far as she could. Without changing or cleaning up, she grabbed her bags and rushed for the train.