Thank you incredimeters for all you have done to help me edit my stories.
+++++++++ Due to factors beyond my control, I just write the stories. I don't publish them, the second half of chapter 4 was not published. I am submitting the second half of chapter 4 as chapter 5 and hoping that everything goes off without a hitch. +++++++
+++++++++Please read chapter 4 before this part or you will get confused. I apologize for the confusion and hope it does not affect your enjoyment of the story too much. +++++++
We all looked at each other to see who wanted to go first. Finally, Jason raised his hand and said, "I guess I'll go first, I'm Jason Swift. Hey Ashley, good to see you."
I blushed a little but waved over at him. Lacy thought he was gay but maybe not. I went next. "Well, as Jason said, I am Ashley Haze."
Next was the Chinese woman in a surprisingly low voice so soft I am not sure how anyone heard her other than me, "I'm Ami Cooper."
Then came the African American woman, "I'm Linda Steward."
Which left only the two older women, "I'm Elizabeth Peirce and this is my sister Sarah Kent."
Sarah curtsied but said nothing.
"Well once again welcome." Mo began again. "We have the pleasure of working with a very lovely and dedicated model tonight, Miss Catherine." At the mention of her name, my mother emerged from behind a Chinese screen wearing a teal kimono. Gone were her glasses as well as the school teacher's bun. She had curled her hair in a good copy of a fifties pin-up girl. She had put on make-up, but it was complete so expertly that everything blended to remove any hint of her age. The paradox was that her make-up was done in a way so subtle that anyone who didn't know her would think she wasn't wearing any at all. The lone exception was her lipstick which was the same shade of burgundy as the chaise. It screamed, "Hello boys! Why don't you come up and see me sometime?"
Mo's voice brought me back from my mom-ogling. "I will pose her on the chaise and you will begin your work. You may take breaks as necessary and we will officially break every half an hour or so to give Miss Catherine time to rest. If you would like a different pose, please make the request and I will see what I can do. Miss Catherine is very easy to work with. She is a professional and I expect you to treat her with the respect she deserves." Mo's expression said to everyone,Or else.
With that, my mom dropped the kimono and laid down on the chaise just like Kate Winslet inTitanic.Mo moved Mom's left arm so it draped over the back of the chaise and used one of the pillows to prop up her left hand so it looked like it was a candid shot of her just waking up and about to finger comb her hair. "Are you good Catherine?" Mo asked.
"Yes, Professor," my mom answered.
"Very well, begin," Mo, instructed.
The air was filled with the sounds of bushes, chalk, and pencils. My mother was not looking at me or anyone. From what I could tell she was looking at one of the sprinkler heads on the ceiling behind all of us. Mo started to walk among the students and observe. She stayed on the other side of the room.
After I got over my initial shock, I realized that my mom was a beautiful woman. She had a slight tan that was uniform across her body suggesting that she had tanned like she modeled, nude. Her areola and nipples were bigger than mine which made sense as her breasts were three times as big as mine. Her nipples were only slightly browner than the rest of her and very perky. She was either cold or turned on by modeling or both. There were no lines on her body which also suggested she had been going commando (no undergarments) lately. That explained why I was only finding my bras and undies in the laundry lately. I could see, a very faint white mark on her right side and wondered if she still had her appendix. She had painted her toenails to match her lipstick.
She had shaved everywhere, face, armpits, butt, and legs. She had left a nice triangle of hair maybe a half-inch thick just above her vagina that started several inches below her waist and pointed to the hood of her clit. The rest of her kitty was hairless and tan like the rest of her outer skin with just a hint of rosebud pink where her inner labia protruded slightly because of two silver captive bead rings with opal stone beads on each side of her girl parts. I was speechless, my mother was a member of the pierced pussy club.
I also couldn't believe what a good model she was. She hardly moved or blinked. I had to stare very hard to detect that her chest was moving at all. I started with her shape and then began to add details. I had finished the main drawing of everything and was starting to shade in muscle tone and her hair. I asked Ami to borrow a brown and a gold pencil. I usually prefer black and white only, but wanted to accent a few things like her lips and toenails. The petite girl said I could borrow whatever I needed. I peeked at her drawing and saw she had focused on my mother's face and wow was it detailed.
By the time Mo called for the first break, I was done and was just adding a line here and erasing one or two there. I prepared a new piece of paper for the next sketch. I also asked for and received one or two of Mrs. Peirce's cucumber finger sandwiches which were delicious. Mom sat up and stretched. She smiled at me and took a drink from a small water bottle that Mo brought to her. The two said something to each other I didn't hear and then Mo asked the group at large, "Is there a different pose anyone would like?"
Jason raised his hand. "Miss Catherine, would you sit instead of laying down?"
My mother smiled. Then sat with her legs underneath her, bringing the right shoulder back from us and the left shoulder forward towards us, and then she smiled. "Like this Jason?"
Jason started drawing again. "Yes, that's perfect."
Mo intervened, "No, no, no. That is too much. We can't expect Miss Catherine to hold a pose like that for long."
"It's fine Mo." My mom smiled at Jason, "But don't let Vanity Fair see your drawing or they may ask for a royalty."
Everyone laughed especially Linda.
I finished my sketch faster this time as I didn't need to spend as much time getting over my shock. It also helped that like Ami, I focused on just her shoulders and upper body. When I was done, I laid the page on the table and went back to my previous drawing, adding ink to make some blurry lines more defined. I also needed to use the bathroom. Imagine my surprise when I got to the restroom and pulled my pants down only to discover that a small amount of moisture had soiled my panties. "OMG. Mom is making me wet!" I said to the empty bathroom and realized it was true.
By the time I returned to class, Mom was standing again taking another break. She was walking around looking at everyone's work. Both she and Mo were talking to people and giving suggestions. She leaned over Linda's drawing of theTitanicpose and smiled. "This is good," she said.
"Thank you." I heard Linda say, "The model did most of the work."
"Speaking of work." She moved back towards the dais. I watched her ass the whole way and felt the wet spot in my panties grow.
"OK," Mo said looking at her watch, "We have time for just one more pose. Any suggestions?"
"Could you sit on the chaise like at the booth of a drive-in and put your arms across the back," asked Elizabeth.
My mother complied and the effect was that her breasts were lifted slightly.
"That's great love, but would you mind uncrossing your legs?" asked Elizabeth with Sarah nodding her head in agreement.
My mother uncrossed her legs as Elizabeth asked and the two painters began to paint feverishly. I drew a quick sketch but was finding it harder and harder to be objective. My imagination wondered and before long my mom was wearing a poodle skirt, and pink blouse and looked like she was waiting for her date. I was adding myself into the picture as a 50's Car Hop waitress on roller skates when Mo tapped me on the shoulder, "Very good Ashley." Mo said then moved away quickly so I didn't have time to respond. She had been avoiding me the entire class.
Mo clapped her hands again and announced it was time to clean up. A few people kept working but most complied. Mo spoke to those with bigger pieces of paper or canvases and showed them where they could store their work until the next class. I caught a glimpse of Jason's picture. He had focused on Mom's Vanity Fair pose and from what I could see his work was coming along nicely. Elizabeth and Sarah had painted everything but my mother. Maybe they would fill her in next week. It made me wonder why they had asked her to open her legs for the last set.
I returned the colored pencils I had borrowed from Ami and thanked her. I promised next time I would come more prepared. She simply smiled and said, "No problem." We appraised each other's work. She liked my black-and-white drawings but had some really good suggestions on how I could add small amounts of color to make the pictures pop. She had turned my mother into a dryad for her last sketch and it was amazing.
"That's lovely Ami." my mother said causing me to jump. She had come up behind us and was looking over our shoulders.
"Thank you, Miss Catherine," Ami responded, "You are a very good model?"
"Thank you, Ami," my mother beamed.
"If you ever want to model for more than just class," Ami began, writing down a name and number on the back of a piece of scratch paper and handing it to my mom, "call this number, ask for Mia Lee and tell her Ami Cooper sent you." (To learn more about Ami Cooper, please readBecoming Miss Cooper)
"I'm no professional," My mother said a little too self-deprecatingly for my taste.
"Neither was I until I was." Ami pulled out her phone and showed my mom a picture of her dressed up like Golden Sparrow, fromthe Forbidden Kingdom. The picture had the MCC watermark of Mythical Clothes and Costumes all over it.
I had an ah-ha moment. I knew I had seen her online somewhere.
Mom thanked Ami and walked over to her kimono and put the piece of paper in its inner pocket. With that Ami put her pencil box back in her large portfolio case. Then with all of her stuff packed up, she left the room. Elizabeth and Sarah left carrying their large picnic basket between them and Jason offered to buy Linda a drink at a nearby coffee shop so they could talk chalk. Mo, seeing that my mother wanted to talk to me, gave me a head nod that I assumed meant she would wait for me in her office.
My mom made no move to get dressed or even put her kimono back on. She looked at me with a wide grin. "I'm guessing from your original look of shock when class started that you didn't know I would be nude?"
"No," I answered.
"But is it also safe to assume that since you didn't leave the room screaming 'my eyes, my eyes it burns,' that you got over it?" she half asked half told.
"That is a pretty good assessment." I sat on the table, "I was shocked. I mean you are my mom but then I saw all the others drawing you and thought,what's my problem? I have seen nude art before and this is no different. Just shut up and draw. Besides Mom, you're hot."
"You have no idea how worried I was about tonight." My mom let out a huge sigh and sat next to me. "I was sure that you were going to freak out."
"Hey, give me a little more credit than that," I complained.
She hugged me, which was a little awkward with one of us being naked and all. "You are (emphases on the are) the best daughter ever."
It was also kind of nice. Mom started to rub my back. I felt a little pull in my gut and a tingly sensation between my legs. Very similar to what I feel when either Lacy or Mo rubs my back. I had to break the hug. "So, you seem to be a natural at this modeling thing."
"I am now, but when I started..." she stopped herself. "I never told you this but I used to model a lot in college. It was good money and I liked being naked." She took another breath, "truth is I still do."
"OK," I drew the word out to give me time to think about my next question. "So would you call yourself a nudist or exhibitionist?" I asked completely seriously.
"I can't believe we are having this conversation." She said starting to rock back and forth on the table nervously like she had to pee.
"Hey. I didn't open this can of worms." I commented back.
"I like being naked," Mom admitted, "I mean, I really like it. Clothes make me feel trapped a little."
"Cool." I pondered before going on, "I can understand that. I feel the same way about big heavy coats and blankets," I tried to empathize.
"Right, but imagine feeling that way with all clothes. Even just panties and bras," she explained.
"Oh, Mom I'm so sorry." I hugged her again instinctively. That warm feeling filled me again. I had to stop hugging her.
"It's fine. I have lived with this for years. I have learned to bow to social norms." She said sitting up straight.
"Would it help if you didn't have to wear clothes at home?" What the heck was I saying?
"You would be OK, with that?" she asked hope twinkling in her eye.
"Yeah, no problem," I said reassuring myself more than her, "I mean, I have just spent the last two hours looking at you naked. I can't see why doing it at home would be any different."
"Well," she looked left and right conspiratorially, "having an audience does make it a little different."
"How so?" I asked innocently. I need to stop asking these questions.
"Being naked removes the weight off my shoulders. But being naked, knowing someone is watching gives me a little bit of a boost, like drinking a double expresso."
I was getting into this, "And being naked in public?"
"It's euphoric. I am so wet and horny right now." My mother confessed, then covered her mouth like she couldn't believe what she had just said.
"Good to know," I said robotically, giving her a thumbs up.
She winced. "Sorry. TMI (Too Much Information)?"
"No," I said waving my hand in front of myself like it was no big deal. Half of me wanted her to stop but the other half of me was intrigued. It was becoming a big deal to me at that moment, however, as it was making me horny to know she was horny. I kind of was thinking about and wanting to, kiss her.
"You sure?" she confirmed. Then she closed her eyes and swung her legs a few more times. "Because it really does."
"Well, then I guess that makes you a nudist and an exhibitionist." I made two check marks in the air.
"I would say that's fair," Mom admitted. We laughed together. "It's nice to talk to you like this."
"Like what?" I asked.
"Like we're girlfriends." She said then moved closer to me. "You are so mature and easy to talk to I almost forget you're my daughter."
Thank goodness mom hopped off the table or I am not sure what would have happened. She walked over to the chaise and picked up her kimono and put it back on. I don't know why but I was a little disappointed that she was covering up. "You going to get dressed?" I asked. For some reason the idea of riding home with mom, her still naked popped into my head.
"I wish I didn't have to but yes." She looked slightly depressed herself. I wondered if the same idea was occurring to her. "First, however, I need to get a quick shower in the locker room." She finished her bottle of water, "Believe it or not modeling is hard work. These lights are hotter than hades."
"Oh, I believe it," I answered heading for the door. "Mo said she would give me a ride. But next week maybe I can start riding with you."
"I'd like that." My mother said her eyes slightly moistening as she picked up her gym bag.
"I'll see you at home, OK?" I had to get out of the room. The image of my mom showering was now making me wetter than ever. Lord help me if she asked me to join her. Hopefully seeing her naked at home was going to help desensitize me or I was going to have to move in with Lacy and Mo.
"OK. Love you," she said to my back.
I waved without risking a looking back. "Love you too."
I got to Mo's office. She was sitting behind her desk. I locked the door. She stood up and started to move away. "Ashley, this is not my fault. She came to me, she had previous modeling experience and as you saw tonight, she is amazing..." Mo said trying to placate me. I silenced her by wrapping my arms around her neck and kissing her passionately on the lips. I shoved my tongue into her mouth and counted her teeth. I moved my left hand to her crotch and I began to rub her pussy through her slacks. It might have been my imagination but the material was already a little rough like someone else's hand had gotten here before mine. I was doing a great impression of a horny teenage boy but I didn't care.
"Shut up and take your pants off," I ordered once we stopped kissing.
Mo was confused but happy to comply. She did as I instructed and I lifted her onto her desk. Normally I would have spent a half hour or so kissing every inch of her fine Asian face but we simply didn't have the time. I spread her legs and I dove in with my tongue. I wondered if Mo had been petting her kitty before I arrived as her clit was enlarged and she was already very wet. I stopped licking her pussy only long enough to lubricate my middle finger and index finger. Then I shoved my fingers into Mo's pussy a little harder than I usually do, but it served her right for playing with herself before I got here. I then began to play with the silver rings in her labia with my tongue and rubbed my nose against her clit. After nine months of practice, I was way better at this than French. "Ooooooohhhhh, FFFFuuuuCccKKKK. Aaaasssshleeeey." Mo said between breaths.
"Did looking at mommy make Ashley horning?" Mo asked.
I nodded yes, vigorously.
"Oh, gods of the Greeks that feels so good." Mo moaned. "Do you think we could talk your mom into wearing a blonde wig?"
"Got a thing for Marylin Monroe do you Mo?" I asked, taking a quick break.
"Who doesn't?" Mo asked.
She put one hand on the back of my head and took over play with her clit with the other. This was our private way to tell the licker that the lickee, is loving what you are doing to her pussy but don't forget about my ass, please. I spit on the fingers of my other hand and started to slowly insert them up Mo's ass. I still wasn't as good at synchronizing my pussy hand and my ass hand, like Lacy or Mo but they say I am getting better and they are more than happy to let me practice on them.
"You're already pretty damp down here Mo. You got a thing for my mom?" I asked seriously.
I am not sure if she was having an orgasm or if she was hesitant to admit her desire for my mom, but she was silent for quite a while. Finally, she asked, "Will you hate me if I say, yes?"
"No," I answered adding another finger to her pussy and moving her hand out of the way so my tongue could get back to licking her clit.
"Then, Yesssssss." Mo admitted, "She is so nice and so beautiful."
I figured I would have to press Mo a little more for the truth. I was not expecting a complete confession. I pulled on one of her pussy rings with my teeth, and she yelped. She started to massage my scalp with both hands. I love it when she does that. It makes the whole top of my head tingle. Mo started to moan and her pussy was tasting amazing. She started to tremble a little as the door knob turned and Lacy walked in saying, "Hey Mo, why is your door locked? Oh."
Lacy, not locking the door behind her walked over and started kissing Mo's right ear. "You two do this without me a lot?" Lacy asked in her smart-ass way.
I am not sure if it was my mouth to pussy resuscitation or Lacy's more reserved oral pleasuring of her ears but Mo came all over my face. She collapsed back on her desk. Good thing I hadn't given her the personalized nameplate I was planning to give her for her birthday next month or she would have been impaled. I stood up and stretched taping Mo on the left hip, telling her to move over. "Next," I said like a barber that had just finished a shave and a haircut.
Lacy had other ideas. She pivoted and took my face in her hands and started licking and kissing my face. Lacy loves cum. Especially mine and Mo's. I'm not sure why but letting her clean my face like a momma cat was making me super horny again. It also caused my mind to replace images of my mom's naked form with ones of Lacy and that was a good thing too.
Mo recovered from her sex coma and got down on the floor. She removed Lacy's running shorts and panties and then de-clothed me from the waist down as well. Lacy hopped up on Mo's desk and spread her legs. I bent over again and put my nice clean face into Lacy's crotch and Mo, who remained sitting, started to play with me.
Lacy's pussy always tastes saltier than Mo's. Her labia are bigger as well, so when I play with her pussy piercings, I have to pull a little harder to get a similar reaction to the one I get from Mo. Lacy says she doesn't like it but I know she's lying. She also doesn't shave her kitty like she used to, so I usually get a hair or two in my mouth. It's a cross I am willing to bare.
Since my fingers were still covered in Mo's all-natural lube, I put them back to work with only the addition of a little spit. I really needed to get Mo a bottle of coconut oil for her desk, just in case this was going to become a regular thing. I was hoping it would. Office sex was turning out to be fun.
I made a mental note to get the coconut oil, wrap it and sign the card from Lacy. Lacy is so bad with dates she probably forgot. That would keep the peace between the two of them. Make Lacy look good and then she would owe me one. Game set match. Once again having two girlfriends is a lot of work.
Lacy was not nearly as wet as Mo and so I went a great deal slower. Lacy bucked a little and grunted whoa, so I slowed even more. I didn't realize how eager I was. The fact that Mo was playing with me was not helping me to slow down either.
I was given a short reprieve when Mo stopped licking my pussy, got up, and moved behind me. Lacy was getting wetter. Which was good because Mo had just gotten a kinky idea that was going to send me into sexual overdrive. Suddenly, I felt a smack on my backside. It was just a playful tap, not a real spanking. "You are such a bad girl, Ashley Haze," Mo said, "getting horny watching your mommy model for my class."
Lacy looked down at me in shock. I am not sure if it was real or feigned. "You did what now?" Lacy asked.
Mo gave me another tap. "She jumped me right after class because seeing her mommy naked made her horny," Mo said playfully.
I raised my head, "Did not."
Mo smacked each of my cheeks again, a little harder this time. I was starting to like the spanking and put it on my mental list of things we should explore a little more. Then she held up my panties which had a huge wet spot in the crotch. "I submit, exhibit A."
Mo walked over and put my panties under Lacy's nose. Lacy took a deep breath. "That's pretty damming evidence, Ashley," Lacy said in a very judge Judy way.
"I was thinking of Mo." I lied.
Mo saw right through that. "Bull shit."
Wanting to divert some of the attention from myself, I used a tried-and-true distraction method, "Mom made Mo horny too."
I received another couple of medium hard taps on each butt cheek.Danm that felt good, I thought. I put a big gold star next to my previous mental note to explore spanking some more.
"Tattletale," Mo remarked.
"See, she didn't deny it." I pointed out by lifting my chin in her direction. My hands were still busy with Lacy's lady parts. Mo blushed.
Lacy looked at Mo. "What? Catherine's hot," Mo confessed. "I love you two, but I'm not blind."
Lacy thought for a minute. I stopped licking her clit in preparation for the verdict. "The court recognizes that Catherine Haze, also known as Mommy, is hot and has taken that fact into consideration," said Lacy still in judge mode. "I, Judge Lacy, find the defendant, Ashley Haze guilty of being a mommy slut, and sentence you to pussy licking."
Lacy then executed her sentence and pushed my face back toward her kitty. Mo stuck what felt like two fingers and a thumb in my pussy from behind. Then she started kissing my butt where she had spanked me. I started rocking back against her hand and was building to my second orgasm. I started to mind cheat. The image of my mom sitting on the chaise with her arms spread wide and her legs spread filled my mind. I was trying to stay focused but it was really hard.
Lacy was defiantly coming to a climax so I added a third finger to her pussy. "Oooooohhh FfffffucccK. You wonderful little mommy slut."
Lacy started to scoot forward more into my face. She was breathing harder and I could feel her muscle tensing. The wetness of her pussy had turned from a trickle to a steady flow. I had already cum and stopped pressing back against Mo's hand. I felt a release as Mo pulled her fingers out of my dripping pussy. Mo put her thumb in her mouth to clean that particular digit and then walked around to Lacy. Mo then put her two remaining cum covered fingers in Lacy's mouth. Lacy sucked at them greedily. See what I mean about her being a cum hog? "That's it...Ashley...gooooood girl," Lacy encouraged me.
By the time she had come for the second time my face was pretty much covered with glistening girl icing. I was going to need another tongue bath. Lacy leaned back slightly out of breath. Unlike Mo, she used her arms to prop herself up which was helping Lacy to catch her breath. I stayed where I was, knowing full well this was the only pussy juice I was going to get tonight. I lapped it up. Mo at some point had started sucking Lacy's breasts and was still latched on when I looked up quickly.
Lacy was breathing so hard, that none of us heard a knock at the door. I thought I heard the door open but I was still licking Lacy's pussy so I wasn't sure. I was sure when I heard a duffle bag hit the floor and a woman, gasp with surprise. I raised my head from between Lacy's legs like a meerkat coming out of its burrow. There in the door stood a woman. Her arms were crossed over her chest in consternation and her hair was slightly damp. I smiled nervously, "Hi Mom."
Mo cursed in a language that was neither French nor English. Lacy just looked down at me and in her best Ricky Ricardo voice said "Lucy, looks like you got some splaining to do."
Thank you for reading. Please remember to vote, comment and most important enjoy this and all my stories new and old. It makes my muse very happy and makes me want to write more for you.