Let me be clear about one thing. I love my wife. Absolutely and completely. I reminded myself of that fact as I screwed the webcam into the tripod. A couple quick turns and it was secure, not going anywhere. I didn't want any wobbling or shaking.
With the tripod camera set up in the corner of our bedroom, I started setting up the computer. I pulled a simple folding table over beside the foot of the bed and set the laptop up on it. Then I plugged the webcam in and pulled over a comfortable chair to sit in. We shouldn't need much more than that, at least at first.
With the setup complete, I looked over at my wife. She was sitting on the bed practically shaking from nervousness.
She was gorgeous. She always worried that she wasn't sexy, being a little on the chubby side. I didn't mind at all though. It gave her some lovely curves, especially in her ass and Double-D breasts. Even more than all that, I fell in love with her smile and warmth.
She looked better than ever. She was wearing simple, loose clothing. Long blue shorts, with a white tank top and tight black bra. Her hair was tightly pulled back. It wasn't one of her usual outfits, but we had picked it out for tonight. She smiled at me and I felt a familiar melting sensation, despite her shaky jitters.
"Everything will be just fine," I said. "Don't you worry about a thing."
She bit her lip and looked into my eyes.
"Are you sure?", she asked. "What if they don't like me? What if they think I'm too fat?"
"You have nothing to worry about." I replied. "They will all love you. You'll see."
I powered on the laptop and switched over to the webcam. I adjusted it and pointed it directly at the bed, so that my wife was squarely in the frame. I was so nervous I was almost trembling.
Let me explain a little bit about how we got here. My wife isn't normally the sexually adventurous type. Every now and then we sext, and once in a blue moon she takes some naughty pictures for me. That's what got all this started.
I was at work one day and got a text from her saying, "I hope you liked the pictures!". I wasn't sure what to think, since I hadn't received any pictures from her. It turned out that she had slipped up and pressed the wrong name in her contacts list. My shy, innocent wife had accidentally sent one of our male friends some very exposing nude pictures.
She had never sent anyone besides me pictures like that before. She said it was a total accident and I believed her. When we realized what had happened she was completely torn up. Luckily the guy was a good friend of ours and deleted the pictures as soon as he received them. Of course, we knew he had to have opened them to delete them, so we were sure that he had enjoyed a full view.
After the crisis was over I asked her to show me the pics so I would know what all he had seen. I was pretty upset at the time and didn't like the idea of anyone else seeing her. Unfortunately it seemed that she had been pretty thorough. Several of the pictures had her exposed breasts in full view, and the very last picture was of her spread eagle on the bed with a full shot of her open pussy.
We were both pretty upset at the thought of someone seeing her naked. I couldn't help but be paranoid over the whole thing. He SAID he deleted the pictures, but what if he hadn't? What if he was over there right now stroking his cock to my wife?
Now, this is the surprising part. Don't get me wrong, I wish she hadn't made the mistake. It was a little heartbreaking. So I was even more surprised when I realized that my cock was hard. Somewhere along the line of thinking about the whole ordeal, I had gotten a raging hard-on.
It led to a lot of talking. I realized that it was actually pretty damn hot, the thought of someone getting off to her. I did some research and learned about Candaulism. The idea of exposing your partner for your own pleasure. I'd never done anything like this before, but the more I read about it the more excited I became. I realized it fit me pretty completely. There was a new itch that was begging to be scratched.
We tested the waters out a little bit at first. It definitely took some convincing to get her to go along with it, but in the end she agreed to at least try it out. For my sake. I waited until she was coming out of the shower and snapped a quick picture of her topless. A few minutes later the image was posted online on an anonymous message board.
She didn't want to even look at the screen, but I couldn't look away. It was a kind of agony at first, staring at the icon that said "zero views". Then, all of a sudden, the counter went up to one. Then it went to two, and steadily crept higher and higher. There were dozens of people out there, right now, staring at my wife's tits.
Then comments started coming in. Most of them were pretty generic, talking about how great her breasts were and things like that. The raging hard on came back full force. I found myself sitting in my computer chair with my pants around my ankles as I read comment after comment.
Then, something even more extreme happened. Someone submitted an image reply to our post. I opened it up and saw that it was a copy of the picture we had taken. It looked like someone had taken a picture of the screen while her picture was on display. Thick white ropes of cum trailed across the screen. For the first time I had proof that not only were they looking at her, they were jacking off to her.
I called her over to show her. I wanted to gauge her reaction. I was surprised that for the first time she didn't look away. She stared at the picture for a long minute, her face turning red and her breathing becoming faster. She looked down at my cock, then back to the image of her covered breasts.
"You really do like this, don't you?", she said.
I nodded. It was a bit of a surprise to both of us, but I sure as hell did like it.
She nodded in return, and then got down on her knees in front of me. I stretched back in the chair as her lips wrapped around my cock. I hadn't been expecting it and nearly blew right then and there.
We spent the next few minutes like that. Her mouth bobbing up and down on me as I read comment after comment, all the while hoping for another picture like that one. It was hot, sexy, and sensual in a way that I had never experienced before.
Every now and then I would tap her shoulder and show her a particularly dirty comment. I watched her read them and each time she nodded and went back to her work. I was having a hard time gauging her, but for me it was bliss. She always was a fantastic cock sucker and this was a new kind of heaven.
I was reading a comment that talked at length about how the poster wanted to "suck her titties, before fucking them and spraying his hot load over her face" when I came. My wonderful wife didn't miss a beat, she kept on sucking and swallowed down the entire load.
She stood up and I kissed her long and hard, savoring the hot, messy wetness of her lips and face. I knew she wasn't completely on board yet, but I needed more.
So, that brings us to today. My sweet wife was bouncing on the bed with nervous energy as I loaded up the website NewbieSluts.com. This was the big test for both of us. Finally, I got the website loaded. The red light on the front of the camera blinked over to green and she was live.
Zero viewers. Of course, no one was tuning in just to see her sitting there, looking like she was having a panic attack. I motioned to encourage her, but she only sat there frozen.
We waited to see if anyone would join our show room. Finally, there was a ding and the viewer count became one. We waited, anxiously, to see what would happen next. There was another ding as a message came in.
"Hey there sexy," it said. "Show me your tits."
I watched as her eyes skimmed over the message. She looked over at me. I nodded reassuringly and motioned her to go ahead. I could see her gritting her teeth. Then, her hands slipped under the edge of her tank top. In one smooth motion the tank top came off, leaving her in her black lacy bra. Another ding.
"Damn girl, you got some big titties.", the poster said again. "Take that bra off."
My wife was breathing deeply and covering herself with her arms, shy and uncertain. We waited for a moment before I finally spoke up.
"Go ahead", I said. "They came here for a show. Are you going to give them one?"
As I spoke, two more dings as the viewer count went up to three. The users out in the lobby could see previews of what was going on in each room and the sight so far had been enough to entice a few more in.
She stared at the viewer count. Then, she took a long slow breath before reaching back to unclasp her bra. There was a snapping noise and then for a moment her bra held her breasts concealed before it finally fell away.
Now she was bare chested in front of three other men. My heart was starting to pound. She crossed her arms under her breasts, but did not cover them.
"You're doing such a great job", I said. "Your tits look amazing and I bet they love them!"
She only nodded at me in response. Now with her breasts on display, the dings became more steady as the viewer count climbed. First it was five, then ten. More and more people were coming to see her. Several more messages came in.
"Hot damn, I want to cum all over those nice tits of yours"
"Hey baby, let me suck on those nipples real good"
"Come over here and suck on my cock"
I watched her eyes scan over each message. Then, something completely unexpected happened. She scooted forward to the edge of the bed, pulled the laptop over and began typing.
"Thank you, glad you like my boobs!", she wrote.
I hadn't expected her to really interact with them. It was a whole new level of turn on. As I was staring at her more dings came in. Twenty viewers, and a load of new messages.
"Get naked baby"
"Take those panties off"
"Show us what you got"
Then there was a different kind of ding. A cam sharing request came in, asking us to view someone else's camera. Before I could even react, she had clicked the "yes" button. A small side window popped up and I could see a man reclining back with his cock on full display. It bobbed up and down as he typed away.
"Hey baby," the naked man wrote, "wanna come suck on this?"
More and more people were coming in and demanding she get naked for them. As the messages flooded the screen she gave a last look over at me as if asking permission. I tried to smile reassuringly and nodded at her to go ahead.
She leaned back on the bed and reached under the waistband of her shorts. With a quick tug she had them off and tossed to the side. Then she stood up directly in front of the camera in only her red panties. She seemed to be getting into it more than I had expected, as she did a small spin for the viewers.
It finally became too much for me to bear, and my pants hit the floor. My cock was exposed just as she bent over in front of the camera giving everyone a great look at her panty-clad ass.
For the moment she seemed to have forgotten that I was there. She came back to the keyboard again and typed intently.
"What do you want to see?", she wrote.
Another wave of dings as they demanded she strip down and lose the panties. I realized she had opened several more camera requests and the side of the screen was now a wall of various dicks.
I watched her smile mischievously and look directly into the camera as her panties hit the floor. She had a healthy but well trimmed bush that was now on full display, though it partially concealed the rest of her sex. She raised her arms up and began to do a little dance, turning around in her nudity.
I checked the viewer count. Thirty viewers. I sat back in the corner and simply watched, slowly stroking my cock as she became more and more into the show. She barely spared me a look as she began responding to their messages. I couldn't catch everything she was typing. I could see her eyes darting over to the cock cams between responses.
Then, she paused and looked over to me.
"They want to see my asshole", she said. "Are you okay with that?"
I nodded and replied, "Just do what feels natural. Do what feels good. Don't even worry about me, I'm doing just fine over here." I gave my cock a tug to show her just how hard it was. She nodded.
I watched as my wife stood up directly in front of the camera, giving them their best view yet of her labia. Then she turned around so that her ass was squarely in frame. She bent over, touching her toes and spreading her legs. Her asshole was up close and on display. The message dings went wild. I took a peek at some of them while she held that pose. To my surprise, she bounced her ass a little bit for them as I read.
"Wow, what a hot fuckhole."
"Wish I was there, I would slide my cock right up your ass"
"Wish I could tongue that asshole!"
I knew from experience just how nice her tight hole was and the thought of it just made me even harder. Satisfied that they had all had a good enough view, she stood back up and returned to answering messages. I watched her smile as she responded to them.
After she had answered the next batch, she climbed up onto the bed and laid down. She slowly spread her legs wide open, finally giving them a full view of her sex. The familiar sight made my heart pound and I ached to go over there and force my cock into her. I didn't dare interrupt the show though.
She reached a hand down between her legs and spread her lips wide open for them. Then, using her middle finger she began to stroke her clit. I was shocked to realize that she was going to masturbate for them. We hadn't even talked about doing anything like that, but I certainly wasn't going to stop her.
Other than the now constant dinging noise of messages and viewers, the world seemed to stand very still and quiet as she lay there almost (but not quite) motionless. Her left hand reached up to her large breasts and began to squeeze and pull at her nipples. I could tell she was fully getting into it.
For the first minute her eyes were closed as she focused on the motions of her fingers on her clit. Then, her eyes opened and became locked on the cock cams. I could tell she was watching them jack off to her, as she simultaneously pleasured herself. I couldn't help but wonder how many had already blown loads to her.
The rubbing became faster and harder. Her face was turning red and her breathing was fast and shallow. I was sure she was going to orgasm and I clenched my cock in anticipation. However, before she climaxed, she stopped rubbing and sat back up.
Checking over the laptop screen, she looked over at me and said, "There are SO many people jacking off to me right now!", with a mixture of surprise and pleasure. "I never thought they would like me this much."
"Of course they like you," I replied, "You are absolutely sexy as hell. Never sexier than right now. I can't believe you were going to masturbate for them."
She paused for a moment, then said, "You liked that, did you? How I was masturbating for them?"
I nodded, "It was incredibly sexy. It makes me so jealous that other people get to see you like that, but I can't help that it makes my cock hard. I had to stop stroking or I would have cum already myself."
She looked thoughtful." Well", she said, "Do you want me to? Really masturbate for them, I mean?"
I didn't know what to think about the question. However, my cock did. "Hell yes," I responded, "I mean... if you are okay with that then I don't see why not. You know I love it when you masturbate anyway. Now you can do it for an audience."
She nodded and looked back to the chat, typing, "Do you boys want to see me cum?"
A flurry of affirmative dings.
Then she typed again," But do you REALLY want to see me cum? Are you going to stroke your cocks for me while I do?"
Another round of enthusiastic affirmatives. She nodded, satisfied, and gave them a wide smile.
She hopped back up on the bed, and then stretched over to reach the side table beside the bed. As she did they had another fantastic view of her ass and pussy. She reached inside and pulled out a rather large dildo. It was so large we rarely ever used it. She loved the way it stretched her out but it was almost too much for her to take. It always left her pussy aching the next day.
She rolled over and came back to the computer and webcam. Then she lay back with her legs spread and her knees up, with the toy between her legs. Normally she had to use lube to even get the toy inside, but as she spread her legs wider I realized she was soaking wet. What a fucking view it was.
She held the toy right between her legs, but before she inserted it she seemed to have a second thought. She sat up, directly in front of the webcam and waved the large dildo in front of the camera. She locked her eyes on the cock cams again and brought the toy up to her mouth. Slowly, sensually, she began to suck on it.
I will be the first to agree that my wife is an expert cock sucker. As she put on a show of sucking the cock I saw several of the cock cams spurt their white loads all over themselves. The toy was so big it was difficult to suck on, but she spread her mouth around it and sucked it like a professional.
She held the toy in her mouth with just her lips as she typed, "Does anyone wish this was their cock? Do you want me to suck you like this? Well. Pretend that I am. Tell me how good it feels."
She continued sucking on the toy, using her hand to thrust it in and out of her mouth. She leaned forward to the camera so that the entire screen was just her face taking cock. As the cock cams began to jack off even harder, she thrust the toy in harder and faster as well. She started struggling to breathe and I could see wet saliva on her lips. A line of it began to trail down her chin. My sweet innocent wife sure was a good cock sucker.
After several minutes of frantic sucking, she pulled the big toy out of her mouth with a popping noise. I checked the viewer count. We were up to fifty viewers.
She sat the toy down between her legs and typed out, "Phew. What a workout. I think I'm all worked up. Is it time for me to cum now boys? Do you want to watch me use this toy?"
I couldn't see the responses, but I already knew what they were saying. The same thing any man would say when faced with a question like that. Fuck yes.
I watched her as she lay back into a missionary position. She made sure her legs were in the middle of the camera screen, then spread them. She was so wet, her fluid was running down her thighs into the sheet beneath. She took the big floppy dildo and positioned it up against her spread slit.
I tried to etch the view into my memory. I could only imagine how many times I would be jacking off to it later. She lay there in front of the camera, mentally preparing to fuck herself in front of an audience of fifty plus people.
The bulbous cock head pushed up against her labia. There was a sucking noise as the girth of the toy stretched her pussy as she pressed it into her body. I watched her slit spread wide to take the size of it and heard her moan in pleasure as it entered her.
She slowly eased it into her body. It was about eight inches long, which was quite a lot for her to take. Her breath came in gasps as each inch penetrated her body. Finally, her palm pressed flat against the base as the entire toy was inside her. All eight inches and substantial girth were now stretching her insides apart.
Her eyes were closed as she pulled the dildo out, slowly. She pulled it out further and further until I could see the cock head tightly locked between her labia. Then it went back inside her again. She moaned loudly with pleasure as she began to fuck herself.
After several penetrating thrusts, I saw her hips begin to move with each motion, grinding against the cock as she impaled herself on it. Each time she pulled the toy out I could see how shiny and wet its length was. She was breathing fast and I knew she was close to orgasm. However, again she stopped herself just on the edge of climax.
She pushed the dildo deep inside her vagina, then sat up to the laptop again. She began to type, "So, how was that? Tell me what you want me to do to this cock."
She spent a few minutes reading and responding, as I sat in the corner trying to ignore the desperate ache that only continued building. I had never seen her like this and it was killing me. Once she was finished, she leaned back in the bed and turned around so that her ass was facing the camera.
The toy was still inside her and she began to slowly ride up and down on it, cowgirl style. With each bounce the bed creaked and I could see her breasts bouncing. With one hand she held the dildo, while she spread her knees apart so that she could take the full length inside each time. Her sex was largely hidden from view but her ass was bouncing in a way that was mesmerizing. She was moaning faster and louder now. I couldn't help but stroke my cock as I watched her, just like I knew everyone else was doing. She was a goddess and we were helpless to resist.
After a long minute of riding the cock, she leaned forward and fell into a doggy position on her hands and knees. She reached back and cupped the dildo, thrusting it deep inside herself as she pushed back against it. While the previous position had been hot, this was something else entirely. Like this, her gaping pussy was in full view, as was her tight asshole. I watched both her holes spread and contract as she fucked herself. The message dings were going nonstop now, and I could see at least a dozen open cock cam tabs where they were stroking themselves to climax along with her.
I knew it wouldn't be long now. Her beautiful body was rocking and shuddering, her breath was fast and ragged. Watching her throbbing pussy take each thrust of the cock was amazing. There was a wet slapping noise each time she buried the dildo in her pussy. Just as enticing was the wall of cocks that were currently watching her fuck herself, while they were stroking off. Even I couldn't believe that we had pulled in so many viewers. It was amazing.
I heard her gasp in pleasure and I knew she was about to orgasm. She thrust even faster into her body as she writhed, letting out a long and sensual moan. The bed creaked and groaned as she bounced. Her legs went out from under her as her knees splayed open, causing her to fall flat onto the bed. She did not stop fucking herself. On the laptop screen, several more cocks exploded, spraying their loads. I could see wet fluid dripping from her hole with each convulsing squeeze of her vagina.
She moaned softly as the thrusting slowed down. Her hair was a mess and I could see a sheen of sweat on her ass. She lay there catching her breath as the dinging messages continued to come in. My cock was about to explode as I read a few of them.
"10/10!"
"Fucking amazing show, came everywhere!"
"Can't wait to see you again!"
After a long moment of just breathing, she finally pulled the toy out. She sat up, moved to the laptop, and switched the camera off. The green light faded to a dull red.
"So," she said breathlessly, "what did you think of that?"
I responded by shoving her back onto the bed. I rolled her over onto her back, pulled her up onto her knees, and then mounted her. She was too tired and breathless to resist, and was mostly limp as I moved her body where I wanted it.
I took a moment to appreciate her body. Her asshole was tight and sweaty, her pussy was gaping and soaking wet. I knew she wouldn't need any lube so I thrust directly into her stretched hole. She moaned as I fucked her roughly. My cock was throbbing and I knew it wouldn't take long.
My balls slapped against her clit as I rode her. Her pussy was loose from the hard toy fucking, but it was dripping and warm. It felt amazing. As I fucked her I replayed the messages in my head. I thought about all the cocks that had been stroked to her and all the guys who had just came to her show. I wondered just how many people had watched her fuck herself to orgasm. I imagined those same guys standing around us, jacking off and covering her entire body with semen.
I exploded inside her. We both moaned together as a huge load of my cum was pumped directly into her. I was sure it was the biggest load I had ever given her. I held my entire length inside her to ensure that every drop filled her up. Even then, our mixed fluids flowed around my cock and stained the bed under us. My nails dug into her skin and all I could feel was the pulsing spurts as my balls emptied.
Spent, I collapsed beside her on the bed.She rolled over to me and laid her head on my chest. We both just rested there, trying to catch our breath and process everything that had occurred. I held my wonderful wife close as my hardness slowly softened. I was certain that her hole was flooded and dripping, but at this point we didn't care.
"Well," I said, "to answer your question, I think that went pretty fucking great!"