Introduction.
Samantha is a woman in her late twenties who works as a secretary, something she has done since the end of the summer break after her final year of high school. She had been feeling at a bit of a loss as so many teenagers do when they have completed high school. She had no plans to go on to university and the careers that had interested her as a young teenager seemed impossibly distant or completely unrealistic. She had no formal training other than her high school diploma and really no clue what she wanted to do with the rest of her life.
The hints from her parents about getting a job got less and less subtle as summer went on, but ironically, the more pressure they applied the deeper her funk became. Finally, after a moment of clarity and frustration at herself she decided to go out and just apply for anything and everything. Several weeks of this with no success, however, had just made her depression worse. On one of the last days of Summer she agreed to meet with one of her school friends for a day in the city. Her friend was heading off to university at the end of the week and Sam knew on some level that they were drifting apart so she wanted to make the effort for one last day with her friend. It had a strange sense of finality, as though it was their last day of childhood and freedom.
Samantha arrived in the city early and was walking from the train station. She had about an hour and a half to fill before her friend would be here and she was trying to decide what to do with herself. She walked past a high-rise building and an A4 piece of paper sticky taped to the window caught her eye. She couldn't have said what it was about it that got her attention over a multitude of other bits of paper stuck to windows and poles that she hadn't looked at. It was a simple notice stating that one of the firms in the building was looking for a receptionist and to ask at the reception desk.
Knowing she had some time to kill and that she had dressed nicely for her day in the city she figured she would go in and ask about the job. If nothing else it's good practise, she told herself as she entered the lobby. The man at the reception desk explained that it was for a business there and directed her where to go and to ask for Mario when she got there.
She followed his directions to the elevators and pressed the correct floor number. All the way up she was fine until the doors opened and it hit home that she was going to apply for a job that she had practically no skills in and certainly no experience. She felt like a ridiculous fraud and almost turned back around. If the elevator hadn't shut and sped off to another floor the moment she stepped out she probably would have.
"What have you got to lose, Sam?"
She whispered to herself as she walked around the curved corridor until she came to the already open door of the office. She stepped inside and looked around but couldn't see anyone there. She waited for a full minute that felt like an hour in the silence before she garnered the nerve to call out.
"Hello?"
There was a rustling from the office to her left then a man came out of it and looked at her.
"Uh... Hi. I was told to ask for Mario?"
The man smiled at her and it did something magical to his face. He went from looking like a stern professional with no time for an annoying young girl to waste and transformed into a paternal and friendly grandfather who had nothing he would rather do than sit down and talk with her. She instantly felt comfortable and at home with him. He held out his hand for her to shake which she took and was surprised when he didn't do what most men do and try to crush her hand in a show of masculine dominance.
"I am Mario. Have you come about the job?"
"Hi, I'm Samantha. Yes, I have, if you have time."
He smiled again.
"Time I have, a secretary, I don't. Unfortunately, the lady who previously held the position has had a rather unfortunate emergency and won't be back. What can you tell me about yourself?"
It was about as informal as an interview could be and Sam found herself quite comfortably telling Mario all he asked about her and she admitted that she was fresh out of school and had no real work experience that would apply to the job of secretary. He smiled and nodded and then explained that he actually preferred to have someone who he didn't have to train bad habits out of.
By the time she had met her friend, she was in shock and a little bit pleased with herself for having landed her first real job. The only thing that concerned her was having to borrow some money from her parents so that she could buy a couple of semi-professional-looking outfits for it.
She was nervous because they didn't have a lot of money and she hated putting more pressure on them financially. She needn't have worried though, they were so happy to hear that she had got a job that her mother seemed to be excited at the prospect of taking her shopping for the outfits. They were a little concerned about her having to travel to the city every day, she was in their eyes still their little girl but as she pointed out to them, it wouldn't be long until she was legally an adult. They couldn't really argue too loudly about it either as they had both pushed her pretty hard to go get a job and that's exactly what she had done. Not to mention the imagined prestige of working for a firm in a high-rise building in the city. To her parents, this was a success beyond their wildest dreams.
In reality, it was far less glamorous and once she learned the ropes, she discovered that it isn't an overly interesting or challenging job; however, she likes the fact that she is working for a small family business and not some giant, faceless corporation. It's enough of a job to keep her busy most of the day but she is rarely pushed to panic. It does happen but very rarely.
The company she had worked for over the last twelve years was, up until very recently, a father/son business. She quite enjoyed working for the father, Mario. He was a real gentleman and worked very hard to build the business up for his family. It was his pride and joy. Over the last five years or so he had often spoken of retiring but everybody knew that the only way he was leaving the business was feet first. It was the thing he loved the most after his wife and his son. Sadly, the inevitable happened. Thankfully for all concerned, he passed away in his sleep. Samantha was quite relieved that the way he had passed meant that she hadn't walked into work and found him deceased at his desk or on the office floor, something she had had nightmares about.
Mario was a very humble man and although he dressed in nicely tailored suits, his son, Stefan, seemed a little flashier and on their first meeting, Samantha, didn't think much of him. It turned out to be a misconception though, as what she thought was a certain arrogance turned out to be a shyness that she hadn't expected him to have. She didn't get much of a chance to get to know him all that well because he had been out on the road as a representative of the business and working with clients who couldn't make it into the city. He was only in the office once or twice a month and most of that time was spent in his father's office.
After that first meeting, the few times she had spoken to him he had been very polite and quite nice, although, for some reason, he didn't come across as all that confident when talking to her. She wondered if it was just her or women in general that he wasn't all that confident around. She also noticed that he was very attractive. He seemed quite fit and healthy but not in a "look at my glorious body" kind of way. He used the same tailor as his father and his suits fit him very well.
When Mario passed away the business was closed for the whole week while the family held a funeral and dealt with family matters. Samantha felt certain that was going to be the end of her job and wasn't at all surprised when she was called into the office on that Friday afternoon to discuss her job. She went in fully expecting to be told to pack her things up but was pleasantly surprised to be told that her position was safe for the foreseeable future.
Stefan would be taking over his father's role in the business and they would be employing someone to take on his former role. He admitted there would be teething problems because, although he knew the business inside and out, he wasn't used to being in one place all the time, or the pressure of being at the top of the food chain with no one to defer to. The hardest part, though, was going to be handing control of what had been his role in the business over to someone he didn't know or trust yet.
They discussed Samantha's role in the business and Stefan emphasised her value and that he hoped they would work well together. He was surprisingly candid and confessed his fears and nervousness. His vulnerability was surprising and very appealing to her. Adding to that, his close proximity to her all afternoon was having quite an effect on her. He was intelligent but shy, attractive but not overconfident, he dressed well and he smelt particularly nice too. He was having quite an effect on her libido, something that not many people had managed to do previously and certainly not recently.
Samantha had not had a lot of experience with relationships. Certainly, none as a teenager and she remained a virgin right up until her twenty-first birthday when she, with the aid of a lot of alcohol, got up the courage to say yes to a friend who had been showing interest for almost two years. What followed was an awkward night of drunken, inexperienced sex that potentially could have been disastrous yet she enjoyed it far more than she expected she would.
That night of drunken passion didn't lead to a relationship but it did lead to a "friends with benefits" type scenario that helped build her self-confidence in her sexuality a great deal. It was a nice couple of years until he met the woman that he would eventually marry. They were still friends but she felt a little awkward whenever they spent time together now. He hadn't made any advances since beginning his relationship with his wife and there was nothing to feel guilty about. That didn't change the fact that every time she spent time with them, she couldn't help but wonder if he and his wife did the same things in bed that she had done with him. She couldn't forget the fact that she had had his cock inside her. That she had tasted his cum and he hers. She struggled to get the feeling of his naked skin against hers out of her mind. She didn't want to make things uncomfortable for them and every time she spent time around him, she ended up horny and it was frustrating for her, so as a result she spent less time with them.
Having that little bit more self-confidence helped her to find partners for a night's passion here and there and eventually a couple of boyfriends over the years. She genuinely felt quite strongly about them but had she been in love? She wasn't sure that she had ever been in love really, certainly not enough to give up her apartment and move in with the last one despite his desire to do that. She liked the freedom of her life and didn't feel ready to change that for anyone just yet. She did enjoy learning new things about her sexual desires though and experiencing new things. Not that she had done anything that might be considered unusual or extraordinary. Her sex life would be considered quite vanilla by today's standards but a world of possibilities had been opened for her.
She was quite shy as a teenager and could never have approached anyone with sexual intentions. Just the thought of doing something like that would have driven her into an anxious, sweaty, mess. She had a small group of friends in high school but they were all rather bookish and weren't exactly confident themselves. Truth be told they were all nerds who had that typical scenario of being a little too much into their favourite thing. This caused them to be the recipients of a lot of teasing and bullying. Samantha was always taller than her peers and in fact taller than most of the boys at her school. Being a teenager and still growing into her body she was gangly and awkward and this was the focus of most of her bullying. She knew she stood out from the rest and she became very self-conscious about it.
Her friend group were almost all into reading fantasy novels and although they were all in the same situation as her as far as being typical horny teenagers, they were all painfully shy about that type of thing. Sure, they all read fantasy novels that covered some pretty erotic and out-there sexual situations but they never really had the nerve to broach the subject with each other beyond recommending books to each other. They knew on some level that they were essentially sharing around the things that turned them on but they would never say that out loud.
Samantha, like any teenager, certainly masturbated quite a bit and she had her share of fantasies but they were ill-informed due to lack of experience and although exciting, were pretty unadventurous. There was one consistency in her fantasies though and that was she was always more confident. Confident in her sexuality and confident with her approach to men in general. She worked out later on that many of the other teens at her school were sexually active but the thought of having the gall to approach someone because she was attracted to them seemed to be beyond her. The thought of being confident enough to be naked in front of one of those men that she was attracted to just seemed impossible and filled her with anxiety.
Samantha came from a very normal household. Her parents were warm, caring and loving people. They weren't overly social people but they didn't shy away from social situations either. They weren't religious and had no strict morals or rules and they were very approachable. She wasn't an unattractive girl, although, she considered herself to be a bit plain. The truth was she had the potential to be a stunning young woman if she didn't always hide away from the world. She dressed plainly, wore nothing that drew attention to herself, kept her long hair in a tight ponytail and very rarely wore makeup.
The following is the story in Samantha's own words about how your life can change drastically in the space of a week.
Day 1, Monday:
This isn't a confession as such and it's not a diary entry as I have never kept a diary in my life; it is just the sordid story of how my life changed in a week.
It started with me doing something that I hadn't done in a long time. Perhaps because it had been so long since the last time that I was out of practice. It was something that I avoided doing as much as possible. I didn't enjoy doing it because it filled me with dreaded anxiety and it was generally a rather depressing exercise. What is this incredibly difficult and tedious task, you may well ask? Did she go bungee jumping? Sky diving? MMA fighting? Well, no, nothing that extreme but it sometimes felt like it to me. I went clothes shopping. Worse still, I went clothes shopping during a time when I was feeling quite confident. Sundays find me relaxed and combined with the good weather tends to have me feeling good about life and therefore a bit more confident.
Monday morning comes around, however, and I am not the same person I was on Sunday afternoon. I looked at the clothes I had purchased yesterday and laid out to wear today and wondered if I was perhaps mildly deranged yesterday. Did I drink alcohol at lunchtime? No, I don't think I did. What the hell was I thinking? I mean, don't get me wrong, it was a very cute skirt and blouse combo and, when matched with a jacket I already had, it was a very nice outfit. But and I do mean a large, all capital letters "BUT" here, that skirt was way shorter than any other skirt I had ever bought before.
This might sound ridiculous, but I usually used the "freckle" rule when buying skirts. Thanks to my Dutch heritage, I am fairly tall for a woman at six feet, two inches, and I have quite long legs. This was something I got teased about a lot as a kid so I had made a habit of trying to disguise my long legs with long skirts and dresses. Just over halfway down my thigh, closer to the knee than my butt, I have a freckle. I have never bought a skirt that didn't fall past the freckle, usually a long way past it. This skirt was above it. It felt way way way above it but in reality, it was about two inches above it. It wasn't obscenely short by anyone's standard but it was a lot shorter than any I had ever worn before and short enough to gain attention from those who liked to look. The thought of this gave me a small thrill but also terrified me.
I eyed the skirt suspiciously as though it had dared to shrink overnight but then, after a lot of self-goading, I told myself to get over it and just put the damn thing on. I pulled it up and slid the zipper up after tucking in my blouse, then turned to look in the mirror. To my surprise I discovered that it looked good, I mean really good, perhaps a little too good if you catch my meaning. I was impressed with the way it hugged my thighs and accentuated my butt. I liked the way I looked in it and although it was quite a professional-looking skirt it was somewhat sexier than I usually wear.
It was at that moment that I thought of Stefan. He was, undoubtedly, a good-looking man. He always wore the nicest tailor-made suits and he had a very nice figure. Such a great squeezable ass. I blushed as I thought about getting a nice firm handful of his ass and perhaps a handful of something else might make a nice change too.
"For fuck's sake, Samantha, has it really been that long? Are you that incapable of getting through the day without thinking about cock?"
I blushed even further, realising that I was talking out loud to myself and thinking far too much about cock. It wasn't something that I would normally obsess over but just lately there had felt like a distinct lack of it in my life. I hadn't even bothered trimming lately and to say it was a bit of a wild jungle down there was gross understatement. God help me if some random situation occurred, like I was hit by a bus and carted off in an ambulance, or even more terrifying, I found myself in bed with a man. I laughed at the ridiculousness of that thought but still vowed to tidy up a bit tonight. Perhaps a little attention and self-appreciation might help take my mind off the dry spell I had run up against.
My phone alarm started beeping and I realised I had dawdled and day-dreamed a little too long and now had to hurry to catch my train on time. I no longer had time to change my skirt now and the decision had been made for me. I threw my jacket on, picked up my bag and ran down the stairs. I grabbed a breakfast bar and my keys as I ran through the kitchen then I was out the front door. It was only two blocks to the train station and then down a huge flight of stairs to the subway. It would generally only take me ten minutes to get there and that would see me getting there just before the train arrived providing nothing goes wrong between here and there.
Thankfully it was a smooth trip, being early in the morning, and I made it onto the platform as I heard the train rumbling around the bend coming into the station. It was kind of nice to pretty much walk straight onto the train without waiting but it did leave me feeling rushed and when you start the day rushing around you feel like you never catch up.
I looked around the mostly empty carriage and chose a seat. One advantage of being near the end of the line when you get on the train is that you almost always get a seat straight away. I wasn't obsessed with getting a seat on my own because usually by the next station, or maybe the one after the carriage was pretty full anyway. Because I didn't catch the first or last train of the day either it was usually an express train, meaning that it stopped at fewer stations. It made it a much quicker, smoother trip into town. If I needed to get into town half an hour earlier than usual it meant I had to start out over an hour earlier. It was always busy on the first and last train of the day too.
Other routes around the city were far more populated and the trains ran twenty-four hours a day there, but I lived in an area that wasn't massively populated and then it was mostly office workers of some description like myself that caught the trains. People with real money drove their BMWs and Mercedes into town and parked in their private parking spaces; while those who worked in industry or construction usually drove because the trains were rarely going where they needed to go and they couldn't carry all their tools.
I sat down and dug around in my bag for my book. After finding it I placed my bag between my feet and leaned back into the seat. It wasn't long before I was lost in my story. This was an unusual choice of book for me. I read a lot of different styles of books, usually fantasy fiction but rarely anything very erotic. It's not that I have a problem with erotica, it's just not usually my go-to genre. This book was a recommendation from a friend. It was primarily a sci-fi story but there happened to be quite a bit of erotica in this one. I was enjoying the story and the sexual escapades in it were as hot as they were unexpected. Several times I had found myself squirming in my seat as my pussy reminded me of its existence and the fact that it had been quite some time since it had seen any action.
I was in the middle of a very erotic scene where the main protagonist had his cock buried deep inside the pussy of his counterpart and was railing her enthusiastically. It was incredibly vivid and detailed and I was getting very turned on. I lowered the book to take a small break because I could feel my face becoming flushed and I was fighting the desire to reach down and give myself a little rub. As I lowered the book a little, I looked across at the seat opposite me. A man was sitting there in his suit, and his face looked as flushed as mine felt. He was alternating between licking his lips and gently biting his bottom lip and his eyes seemed to be glued to my lap.
What the fuck? He's looking up my skirt! I thought as I was about to sit upright and cover myself up, but then something stopped me. It was the strangest thing, normally I would be mortified, but instead of indignation or anger, a shiver ran through my whole body. The moment I realised that my short skirt had betrayed me and that he was staring at my panty-clad pussy I had two thoughts run through my head.
"That dirty bastard is staring at my pussy!" This was said in my mind with disgust and anger. Quickly followed by.
"That dirty bastard is staring at my pussy." This time it was said with a smirk and a shiver of excitement.
The two emotions were at war with each other for no more than a microsecond with a sound and shocking victory going to the slutty side of my personality that was all but dormant these days. It seemed to wake up with a snarl and a lot more strength than I would have believed. My nipples hardened almost immediately and the excited tingling I was feeling in my pussy seemed to go up a notch or three. I almost had to force myself to not respond in the way I normally would but once I mastered and overcame the impulse to slam my thighs together and I realised I was now deliberately showing this man my underwear, my excitement went through the roof. I never would have believed that being an exhibitionist would turn me on quite so much. I mean, yeah, I knew it would probably be exciting but not something that people like me do, but this level of excitement was something else altogether. The thought that the only thing preventing him from having a perfect view of my undoubtedly wet pussy was a pair of thin, floral-patterned, cotton panties was incredible.
Keeping my book up but just low enough to appear as though I am engrossed in it and not watching this naughty pervert, I moved my legs just slightly further apart and tilted my hips a little further back. His eyes widened even further and I had to stifle a giggle. The very real struggle I was having at this point was to stifle the desire to give myself a little rub right in front of this stranger. How fun it would be to pull my panties to the side, spread my lips with my fingers and play with my clit right now. My little fantasy had me getting so hot and wet as this was going on. I seemed to lose all track of time as I watched this man watching me. The train began to slow down for another station and I glanced up at the platform sign and was shocked to see that we were only one station away from my destination.
The train took off again and I stayed in my current position for as long as I possibly could until I had no choice but to move. I folded my book closed and sat upright, closing my legs in the process then reached forward for my bag. I placed my book in the bag and tried to collect my thoughts. It was like my brain had sort of short-circuited.
The train slowed right down as it approached my platform and I prepared to join the passengers as they stood up ready to get off. I glanced up and the man who had been so entranced by my crotch the whole way in was now standing in front of me with his own crotch only an arm's length away from me. He was trying to be nonchalant but it was obvious to me at this height that his cock was rock hard and straining against the front of his suit pants. While I watched surreptitiously out of the corner of my eye, I saw his hand sneak out from under the coat he was carrying. He squeezed and pushed as he tried to wrestle his cock into a more comfortable and somewhat less obvious position.
I had to close my eyes and take a deep breath. I wanted nothing more than to reach out and squeeze that cock myself. He wasn't a man that I found particularly attractive but damn the situation was driving me wild. I stood up and for the first time, our eyes met. Normally I would have never held eye contact with a stranger on the train but this whole experience seemed to have changed something within me. I gave him a knowing smirk and winked at him. He blushed a deep crimson red but said nothing. The door slid open and I chuckled as I turned away from him. I walked off the train and across the platform displaying my best ass-swinging swagger that I could without looking like I had dislocated a hip or something. I could feel his eyes on my ass the whole way across the platform.
The two-block walk from the train station to work was one of the best I had ever had. I couldn't believe how confident I felt. I wasn't used to feeling desired like that and I discovered that I liked it a lot and wanted more.
My boyfriends in the past had been of a certain type. Almost to a man they were shy, lacking confidence, needy, and inexperienced with women. I couldn't have told you why I continuously went for this type, other than perhaps my own lack of confidence. I have no idea what it was about this type of man that I found alluring, maybe I felt that I could help them find some confidence, but it was also the reason I had been single for a long time now. I knew they were no good for me and as a result, I had all but given up on dating.
I arrived at my office building and rode the elevator up to the twentieth floor. It was a tall building almost entirely full of office spaces. The top floor was a restaurant that had a separate elevator, although for health and safety reasons you could get to and from the restaurant via the stairs but nobody ever did that. The people who worked in the offices of this building were not of the right wage bracket to be eating at this restaurant with its amazing views and menu, so the stairs had probably only ever been used a dozen times since the building was opened, sometime back in the nineties.
The ground floor had a large reception desk with people to guide visitors to the appropriate floors and offices as well as a café and public toilets. It had a large, plant-filled atrium and an open feeling. The fittings and architecture were all modern and beautiful but it was a façade. The majority of the building was purely about functionality. Peek behind and into any of the staff-only areas or the stairwell and it was all the dull, grey concrete and steel of practicality.
The office I worked in was essentially one-quarter of the twentieth floor. We shared the floor with three other businesses. The elevator runs up the centre of the building and when you exit the elevator, you step into a curved corridor that runs almost entirely around the elevator shaft.
Turn left and there is a door on the right to Finkel and Sons. Nobody seems to know what goes on in there because there is rarely anyone in the office, the door is always closed, and there is no other signage to suggest what kind of firm it is. There are rumours of course and I have heard everything from blood diamonds, mercenaries, and dark web specialists. I think it's most likely a tax dodge which is a far less romantic or exciting option but infinitely more believable.
Continue to the left and you come to the end of the corridor that is our front door. When the business is open, so is the door. That was Mario's rule and Stefan hasn't changed that since taking over. Not that I minded either way. There was no passing traffic and if someone came to the door then it was for only one of two reasons. They either had an appointment and I knew they were coming, or they were lost, having gotten off the elevator on the wrong floor.
Turn right out of the elevator and the door on the left opened to Snow Blossom Enterprises. A name and business that just felt icky to me. It was a representative business. A business that represented women, and women only, in the entertainment industry. It sounds very exciting, as though you expect a famous actress, pop star or author to be lurking in the corridor when you come and go from the elevator but that couldn't be further from reality. The only women I ever see there, apart from the staff in their sickly pink business suits that they all wear, are either angry feminists who don't look happy to be there, or down-beaten young women who appear as though they have been taken advantage of from the moment they stepped out of their homes as wide-eyed teenagers full of ideals and hope. I had never seen a woman go into or out of that falsely cheery, pastel-coloured, office looking happy or excited and that included the staff. I don't know what they did in there but the place gave me the heebie jeebies.
The last office on the floor belonged to another family business, Tompkins's re-distributions. It's a vague name that told you very little about them but it was a business that dealt with death. Quite literally in a sense. I get along quite well with their receptionist Marcy. She's the person who recommended the book that I had been reading on the train. We have lunch together from time to time and for someone who works in a predominantly unhappy industry, she is an almost obscenely happy and upbeat person.
She explained to me once that the office was basically the headquarters for the business. It was the brain that told the limbs how and when to act. As such, there were rarely any clients walking through their front door and the majority of her office time was spent sending and receiving e-mails as well as being permanently glued to the phone.
When a person died and they were the last of their line or there was no immediate family in the picture, it was their job to deal with the physical leftovers of life. Insurance companies, banks and the government were their primary clients. It was their job to clean up and sell any remaining property belonging to the deceased once it was established that there were no beneficiaries. They had people working for them spread all over the country and they needed an office with a decent phone and internet system as well as a boardroom for when there was a need for meetings. This office was essentially the hub of the wheel.
This morning I spared no thought whatsoever to the other three offices as I stepped off the elevator and turned left. The door was already open when I got to the office, meaning that Stefan was already there. It was sort of fifty-fifty as to who opened in the morning. Sometimes Stefan had somewhere else he needed to be first thing and sometimes he was just taking his time coming in. Lately though he had been a lot more punctual as the weight of being the business owner settled onto his shoulders.
He never acted like the spoiled rich kid, although he could have, but in a lot of ways he took for granted the money and lifestyle his father had created for him. When his father passed away the reality of it settled around Stefan like a weighted blanket. It could be a funeral shroud or a thing of comfort and he was still in the process of deciding which it truly was for him. He did seem to take life a lot more seriously now though.
Stefan's office door was closed so I decided not to disturb him straight away and I went about my morning ritual of preparing the office for the day. Turning on my computer, the printer, and most importantly, the coffee machine.
I was walking back to my desk when his office door burst open. He hurriedly stepped out and we almost ran into each other. His eyes flew open and he gasped in shock as he clearly hadn't expected anyone to be standing there right at that moment. I tried to swerve out of the way of the sudden presence in front of me but lost my balance. I gave the least lady-like squawk possible as I began to go down, only to find myself falling directly into his arm that shot out to catch me. It was touch and go as I nearly went down anyway but his arm was surprisingly strong as he held pretty much my entire weight for a moment then, as an act of counterbalance, he curled it up scooping me firmly into an unexpected embrace. I felt his chest and arms wrap around me as though it was in slow motion like some ridiculous scene from a Mills and Boon novel, where this would be the moment the roguish pirate/lonely cattle rancher would discover his undying love for the heroine and kiss her firmly. Sadly, this was reality and what actually happened involved more strange squawking sounds from me, followed by the back of my head contacting his nose as he bent forward and I suspect that one of us may have farted from the sudden strain. Not very romantic at all.
Once I had my balance back and was firmly on my own two feet again, trying to blink the stars out of my eyes from the knock to the back of my head, I looked at Stefan. He looked as shell-shocked as I felt. His eyes were slightly crossed and he had a trickle of blood forming under his nose. We looked at each other for a moment, and then both spoke at the same time.
"I'm so sorry."
"Are you okay?"
I laughed at the absurdity of it all.
"I'm fine, although maybe a little concussed. You need to get a cold cloth on that nose."
"Huh?"
He touched the bottom of his nose and his finger came away from it bloodied.
"Oh."
I made my way over to the sink which was primarily used to fill and clean the coffee machine. I grabbed a handful of paper towel and wet it with cold water then turned to hand it to him. He took it and held it to his nose. I was feeling mortified that I had made my boss bleed. Not to mention that it was in such an awkward and inelegant manner. The more I thought about what had just happened the more embarrassed I became. I could still feel every place that he had touched me and the accidental handful of my breast that he had received would not be forgotten in a long time. I could still feel his hand there. Thinking about it made me want him to put it back there. Great now I'm blushing even more.
"Are you okay?"
I asked again, trying to get my brain to function like an actual adult as opposed to a hormone-crazed teenager. He chuckled, obviously remembering the absurdity of the situation himself.
"I'll be fine. Did I hurt you?"
"No, I'm fine, other than being completely mortified at my undignified response to you walking out of your own office."
He laughed again and this time it was contagious. We both ended up in a giggling fit that was just what we needed, to be honest. He smiled at me and the warmth from his eyes washed over me like a shiver from head to toe. What the fuck is going on here? I asked myself.
"Well, this is a morning to remember."
Stefan said between chuckles.
"Yes, or maybe forget. I'm sorry I scared you. I thought you knew I had arrived."
"It's quite alright, I was just lost in my own little world and had no idea that time had passed so quickly."
We both stepped, a little self-consciously, away from each other and straightened our clothing, not that either of us was particularly rumpled from the encounter. I was suddenly very conscious of just how short my skirt was and I tried to tug it down just a little lower. All I really succeeded in doing was drawing his attention to it. Now that he had looked, though, he seemed to be having a hard time looking away. That little tingle went through me again and I smiled to myself as he took a long hard look at my legs. Jesus, Sam, he's your boss. I thought as I forced myself to move away. I knew he was looking at my ass as I did but I resisted the urge to sway it a little as I walked around my desk. I was surprised at how hard it was to conceal myself and again by how much I enjoyed being looked at like that. I know that some women would be mortified that I enjoyed being objectified like that but I can't help the way it makes me feel and I'll be damned if I will feel ashamed of it.
I could feel myself blushing again as I walked over to my computer and sat down. I began to work, or at least make it look like that's what I was doing as I began going through the morning's e-mails. I tried my best to focus on the task at hand but I was failing miserably. Stefan looked a little lost for a moment as though he had forgotten what he had come out of his office for. He turned and headed back into his office and I tried to slow my heart rate, which had for some reason decided to behave like I had just gone for a run.
It must have been at least an hour later when he came back out of the office and came around my desk. He asked me to bring up some information on my computer so I could discuss it with him. This had never happened in this way before. He had access to exactly the same information that I did and anytime he or his father needed my input into anything I would be summoned into the office. It wasn't profoundly strange to do things this way I guess but it was noticeably different. I brought it up onto the screen and he leaned forward with one hand on the back of my chair and the other on the desk. I caught a whiff of his aftershave and admired his taste. Although it seemed to be a perfectly legitimate way to look at the monitor, I just knew something was up. He wasn't saying anything and it appeared he was reading what was on the screen but I could have read what was there three times over in that time. I looked at his reflection in the glossy black frame of the monitor and I noticed his eyes were looking down and not at the screen at all. He was staring at my thighs again.
Had he seriously made up this whole scenario just to come look at my legs again? Was he so enraptured by them that he hadn't realised he had taken too long? God, this was driving me nuts. I could feel the presence of his arm so close to the side of my face and I wanted to lean over and touch my cheek to his arm, to feel his skin on mine. I could feel the gentle breeze of his breath eddying over the naked skin of my thighs and it was causing me to heat up. I could feel my pulse hammering in my chest as well as other parts of my body.
He seemed to realise that too much time had elapsed and he leaned forward, changing to the next page of information. Truth be told, neither one of us could have said what was on that page. It could have been the ingredients list of a brand of cat food and we wouldn't have noticed. He moved his arm back to the chair and his fingers brushed past my hair and my ear. It sent an electric thrill through me that I know he must have felt too. I casually leaned back just a little further and forced my legs to relax just a little more. My thighs parted by no more than an inch or two but it also pushed the hem of my skirt just a little higher. I know he noticed because he let out just the tiniest moan of delight.
"Oh."
He then breathed a rather shaky sigh of appreciation. Like most men, I think he thought he was being subtle and failed spectacularly, but I wasn't about to point it out. It was so unbelievably erotic having him hover over me, quietly moaning his appreciation of my body, smelling his manly scent. I was so turned on that I was beginning to wonder if he could smell the pheromones that were undoubtedly pouring off me right now.
Eventually, the pretence could go on no longer and he moved away. He stood behind my chair for a few moments as we spoke feebly about the information we had just "looked at", but I couldn't help but wonder why he was hiding behind my chair. Was it because he was blushing or was it something else? I then had a thought that caused another shiver of excitement to run through me. Was he adjusting a hard-on? I hoped he was, the thought was so exciting to me. I wanted to see him grip and adjust it, to wrestle it into a less obvious and slightly more comfortable position but unfortunately, I couldn't see. I would have liked to have helped, gripping it firmly and feeling the heat and hardness through his pants. I doubt it would have helped his comfort much though.
Despite his best efforts to look nonchalant and casual as he made his way back to his office, it was obvious to me that he was keeping his back to me the whole way. He clearly didn't want me to see the reaction I had had on him. I wanted to see though, I wanted to see the bulge in his pants, I wanted to reach out and caress it. I wanted him to touch me too. I wanted to feel his hand between my thighs and stroking over my panties, feeling my heat and the moisture that had begun to leak through.
His office door closed with a click and it seemed to bring me back to reality. I released a huge sigh and realised I had been holding my breath. God, what was coming over me today? I was like a horny teenager again and I was so wet that it was starting to become uncomfortable. I got up from my chair, on legs that felt a little less stable than they should have, and made my way to the toilet. I pulled my underwear down and was surprised to see just how wet my mass of curls had become. I got a wad of toilet paper and began mopping up but I was so sensitive I had to be careful how much pressure I applied. The last thing I wanted to do was trigger a massive orgasm and moan loud enough for Stefan to hear me cum. Well, actually that did sound kind of fun, but I didn't think it would be very professional and those boundaries had already been pushed a long way this morning. I completed the task of cleaning up and at the same time confirmed my thought from this morning that I needed to tame the wilds somewhat. I vowed to make an effort to clean up the untamed jungle that was in my panties tonight.
I went back to work and tried my best to be productive but my imagination kept replaying scenes of the morning over and over. The way the stranger on the train and the way that his eyes were practically burning into my barely covered pussy, how sexy I felt as I walked away from him swinging my ass a little more than I usually would, the fact that I could still feel where Stefan's hand held my breast when he caught me this morning. The way he was staring at my thighs and my willingness to show him more. The possibility, probability in my imagination, that he was giving his cock a squeeze directly behind me. All of it kept sneaking back into my imagination every time my focus drifted from the work at hand, which was often.
I didn't see much of Stefan for the rest of the day. It felt as though he was hiding in his office, no doubt he was embarrassed but it was like he was afraid to see me, afraid of what he might do to me if he did. My imagination went into full fantasy mode at that thought and in my head he had me bent over my desk with the door still open where anyone could see in. He had my skirt up over my ass and my panties pulled down to my knees. He was pounding his cock into my sopping pussy from behind, our bodies making wet slapping sounds as they smacked together. I was so wet again that I was about to go back to the toilet to mop up for the third time today when he finally emerged from his office. He looked at me and I knew I was blushing as I thought about what he had been doing to me in my fantasy. Our eyes held each other for longer than normal but then he looked away. He took a deep breath as though to calm his nerves then walked around the desk to my side.
His excuse this time was that he wanted to go through a couple of e-mails with me before I left for the day, but again this was something that he had never done before. Not that I am complaining, another chance to tease him was exactly what I wanted. I was just wishing I could do more than show a little thigh. Well, okay, I had slid forward a bit when I saw him coming around the desk so I was showing more than just a little thigh. My skirt was two, maybe three, fingers width off showing the crotch of my panties. To say it was failing the freckle test at this point was a laughable understatement.
He hovered again the way he had earlier as we discussed the e-mails. His breath in my ear and on my neck was driving me crazy as I longed to feel his lips on my skin. My nipples were hard as rocks and I wondered if he could see them pushing out the material of my blouse. I wanted him to see, hell I wanted to open my blouse and pull my bra down so he could see them for real. I wanted him to reach out and cup my breasts in his warm hands and run his fingertips around those hard rubbery bumps.
Christ, have I ever been this horny before? I was astounded by just how aroused I was. The slightest thing would have tipped me over at this point. I wanted to reach out to Stefan, touch him, guide his hands over my body, kiss him, taste his mouth, taste his body, and encourage him to taste mine. Oh, God, Samantha, stop this before you cum in front of your boss. I could feel my pussy begin to clench with pre-orgasm spasms as though it was trying to squeeze a cock that sadly wasn't in there. I was so close that the slightest thing would have sent me over the edge. I tried with all my might to focus on the screen and exclude all other thoughts. I took three deep breaths and mustered every ounce of self-control I had left.
Stefan picked up on my tension, if not the cause.
"Are you okay, Sam?"
He placed his warm hand on my shoulder and an excited shiver ran through my body. I had edged myself before, although not often. Never, though, had I hovered on the edge of an orgasm like this for so long before. I could feel my insides fluttering as an orgasm hovered there, just waiting to be gently nudged. I managed to speak calmly, although, how it came out as anything other than a scream or a shuddering moan, I do not know.
"Yeah, I'm okay. Sorry, I'm just a bit frazzled today."
He gave a small snorted laugh. His voice suddenly seemed warmer, deeper, as though I could hear his arousal in it.
"I get that. I'm feeling a bit the same myself. Why don't you pack it up for the day? We'll start again tomorrow where we left off."
He gave my shoulder a gentle squeeze and then moved his hand. I don't know if it was intentional or just a coincidence, but his fingertip touched my neck and then my ear lobe as he moved his hand away. That was all it took to tip the balance I had been so carefully hanging onto and it hit me hard. I had to hold my breath as my body could hold back my orgasm no longer. That wave of pleasure washed down over me, but as I was holding everything back so much, I couldn't just let it go, it was almost a little bit disappointing. I bowed my head so there was no chance of him seeing my face as I released a silent, breathless scream. My pussy was clenching and I couldn't believe I was sitting here, in my workplace, in front of my boss and filling my already damp panties with my cum.
It was nice and somewhat intense but it had the potential to be mind-blowing. I felt my body shudder and the excess cum began leaking from my panties. I could feel my seat becoming noticeably wetter. I had my face down as I panted for breath after holding it for so long. I was panting with my mouth wide open to try and avoid making any sounds but there was no denying my body's movements. Thankfully, Stefan didn't say anything. He could have pushed the issue but he tactfully turned away to allow me my private moment. Is that what he was doing or was it just a coincidence? What he was thinking I had no idea. Did he know what was going on? Had he realised I had just cum in my office chair, right under his nose? Speaking of which, I could now smell the unmistakable scent of my cum. Fuck, I have to get out of here.
I pushed my chair back from my desk and stood up. I looked quickly at the seat and noticed a small damp spot before shoving it back under the desk so Stefan couldn't see it. I grabbed my bag and I was on my feet and mumbling something about having to catch my train. Not that I had ever had to rush out the door like that before. I was almost at the door when Stefan called my name.
"Samantha."
I stopped in my tracks and took a moment to try and calm my face at least before I turned back, although from the heat I still felt in it I am sure it was still glowing red.
"Yes?"
"I'll shut everything down,"
"Oh... Oh, okay. Thank you. I'm sorry."
I was feeling ridiculous now. I turned again to walk out but he wasn't finished.
"And I think your new skirt looks really good on you too."
I couldn't tell if he was paying a sincere compliment, flirting or just letting me know he noticed the change. Perhaps all of the above. I stopped in my tracks still blushing, but for a whole new reason now, I turned back to him and smiled. This time the swagger returned to my walk as I strutted out the door, giving him the best view I could, short of actually flashing him.
The whole way to the train station I was practically floating. I was so excited at having turned someone on the way I had, let alone two people on the same day. I was also incredibly turned on about having had an orgasm in a semi-public place for the first time ever, and in front of my hot-looking boss no less. The only issues I was having now were that my panties had become uncomfortably wet and what kind of reception I would receive tomorrow at work.
I got to the platform with time to spare so I took a quick diversion into the ladies. I did my best to tidy up and try and dry my panties as much as possible with toilet paper. It was far from perfect but it was the best I could do.
I went back onto the platform and waited for the train. While I was standing there, I had the feeling that I was being watched. I glanced to my left and there he was. The same man from this morning and he was looking quite pleased to see me there as well.
His eyes took a long slow tour of my body then settled on my legs. I was standing side-on to him and watching out of the corner of my eye. I made a slightly exaggerated move as I scratched my leg, pulling the hem of my skirt just a little higher in the process. Just then I heard the rumble of the train coming towards the platform. I turned my head towards the tunnel and watched as it entered the station. It slowed to a stop and a couple of people got off but it was mostly people getting on to go home at this time of day.
I stepped onto the last carriage, which has always been my favourite. It's usually the last to fill up for some reason and I rarely have a problem getting a seat. It tends to be quieter down this end of the train too. I always found it strange that people tried to get a seat near the front, as though they were winning some kind of race by getting there first. They all ignored the fact that nobody got off the train until the doors opened and they all opened at the same time. This is just one of the many ways in which I find people strange.
I found a seat and sat down then smiled to myself as the man from this morning came along and sat down opposite me. There were still seats everywhere and he was standing a lot closer to the middle of the train while he was standing on the platform. He was looking hot and flushed as though he had been rushing and I realised he had hurried down the length of the train looking for me. I guess some people would consider it weird, or even a little creepy, as though he was stalking me. I was enjoying the game, though, and so long as he behaved in a manner that I was comfortable with and the way I wanted him to, then, for the moment, I was fine with it. I didn't like being the manipulative type of person and I was aware that my behaviour was at odds with what most women say that they want, but I wasn't really thinking about it that way at the moment, I was just having fun.
Just before the train took off a young mother and her daughter sat down on the seat next to the man opposite me. The daughter looked to be about six years old and typical for her age she was fidgety. They talked quietly to each other as the train moved along. I looked over at the man and he smiled at me. I smiled back and he tilted his head slightly at the woman next to him then gave a slightly disappointed look. I chuckled to myself. All that effort and your plans are foiled by a six-year-old.
I picked up my book from the bag and began to read it but the whole time I was very conscious of the way I was sitting. I kept my legs firmly together and sat still and upright. Two stops later the woman spoke quietly to her daughter then they both got up. The door slid open and they both exited. The man sitting across from me and I both sat there holding our breath, hoping that no one else got on. There was tension in the air as the doors slid closed again. I doubt anyone else would have picked up on it but it was very noticeable to me. The train lurched and I relaxed. Slowly my thighs gently separated in a long-drawn-out tease. The tension in my back eased as I slowly leaned back against the rest. The process caused me to slide just a tiny bit forward in the seat.
By the time I was halfway home my legs were relaxed, open and my panties were on full display as they were stretched tight over my aching pussy. He was pretty much in the same position as he had been that morning. Slack-jawed, staring and trying to prevent his erection from showing. The poor guy was practically drooling. I have to admit that I was pretty much drooling too, just not in the same way.
By the time I got off the train at my home station, I was ready to be bent over and fucked hard by anyone who wanted me. I was so turned on that it felt like every single nerve ending in my body was buzzing.
I walked home in a daze with all kinds of erotic scenarios coming to mind and morphing into new ones over and over. I was so lost in my fantasies that I'm surprised that I didn't get lost physically. I stumbled through my front door and the moment the latch clicked into place; my hand was in my panties. I used my other hand to roughly pull my shirt out of my skirt. I roughly pulled my bra down, releasing my breasts. My hand began squeezing my breasts and pinching my achingly hard nipples as I stuffed two fingers deep inside my pussy. I fucked myself hard and fast as my mind whirled through the fantasies of the day. The sounds coming from my pussy were almost disturbing. I was so sloppy and wet and desperate to be filled that I wasn't being gentle or taking my time. My orgasm, which seemed to have been stifled and held back all day, roared up on me like the water from a dam that had collapsed, wiping away rational thoughts like bark huts before the deluge.
I found myself on my knees in front of my front door, panting like I had run a mile and no recollection of having fallen to my knees. I had one hand on the wall next to me to stop me from falling face-first onto the floor as my body still twitched and spasmed. My other hand was still in my panties but no longer inside me. My fingers were soaked, my panties were soaked, and cum was slowly running down the inside of my quivering thighs where it had leaked around the legs of my underwear. I could hear my heart pounding like a drum in my ears alongside the ringing sound that was there now too.
After a long time, my heart had slowed to a steady gallop and I had regained some balance. I removed my hand from my panties and was shocked at the quantity of sticky fluid covering it. I held it up before me so that I didn't get my cum all over my clothes as I leaned against the wall with my other hand. I tried a few times to get my feet under me so I could stand up but at first, my legs just wouldn't behave. Eventually, I managed to convince them to work and forced myself to my feet.
My legs were so wobbly that I struggled to get up the stairs and I clung to the handrail for fear of toppling down them. The absurdity of the situation washed over me and I ended up in a fit of the giggles which did very little to help my balance either. I stopped halfway up the stairs until I had composed myself again, then made my way to the bathroom. I washed my hands and looked at myself in the full-length mirror.
I looked pretty much how I felt. My hair was a mess, and my face was flushed right down to my chest. My blouse was un-tucked and rumpled and my chest looked weirdly misshapen and lumpy because my bra had slipped back up over one breast but not the other. My thighs were wet and sticky with cum but my skirt was somehow relatively unscathed. Probably due to it being so short, I had managed to keep it out of the way and it had fallen back into place as I had stood up.
I looked like a slut that had been fucked hard for hours. Part of me was embarrassed to see myself in such a state, but the rest of me was kind of impressed and pleased with the wild, unabashed, wanton, slut staring back at me from my bathroom mirror. This girl was new to my life. She was a bit scary but very exciting but I liked her, I liked her a lot.
I folded my skirt and dropped it on the bed then walked back down to the laundry where I stripped off the rest of my clothes, throwing everything I had been wearing into the washing machine. I walked naked through the house and up the stairs to my bedroom where I laid my skirt out on the chair that I used to organise my next day's clothes. It had been a beautiful summer day and it was still quite warm so it was comfortable to walk around naked, not to mention that it felt both naughty and nice at the same time. I think I would have happily spent the rest of the evening doing exactly that if I wasn't in such dire need of a shower. I smelled of sweat and cum, and as exciting as that was for me, I recognised the need to get cleaned up.
I walked back into the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror again. My hair was still a mess but the colour of my face had mostly gone back to normal. I tried to look at myself as though I was a stranger looking at this naked woman. I am no model and like any person, there was plenty I saw that I wasn't mad about but overall, I was reasonably happy with what I could see. I liked my long, strong legs and my firm, pert breasts. Even my stomach, which did not have a single visible ab, looked smooth. I had nice skin and even my butt was looking fairly pert today. I seriously had to do something about the tangled mess of pubes, though. A sheer lack of action and attention lately had meant that things had gotten a little out of hand. I was in serious need of some heavy-duty grooming.
I turned, grabbed my razor and a pair of hairdresser's scissors from the cabinet above the sink then turned on the shower. While the water warmed up, I had a quick trim and was shocked at the amount of hair now scattered on the bathroom floor. Things had, apparently, gotten a little more untamed than I had realised. I stepped into the shower and let the hot water seep into my body and I soon began to feel like I was melting. I washed myself from head to toe then began the task of tidying with the razor. I did my legs and my armpits, which were still fairly good but I decided to freshen the job up anyway, and then I began on my bikini line. I worked away at it and kept saying to myself, just a little more, just a little more until eventually I was left with a narrow landing strip and nothing else.
It was a far more aggressive trim than I had ever had. I wasn't one to go in for Brazilians, not that I have a problem with them, they actually look quite attractive but I had just never really had the desire to do that myself. It seemed like it would be a lot of upkeep and with no one around to impress, I just hadn't bothered. This was the closest I had ever been to that.
I finished my shower and dried myself off. The steam had fogged the mirror up so I didn't look at myself. I would normally get dressed in the bathroom, at least into my underwear, anyway. Today though, I hadn't brought any clothes in with me. I walked out of the bathroom and into the bedroom intending to get dressed there but as I walked around my room naked, I realised that I enjoyed the feeling so much that I didn't want to cover up. I liked the free feeling but I was also enjoying the slight risk. Could the neighbours see me? Could someone walking past on the street see me? I walked right up to the window with the blinds wide open and stood there looking around the neighbourhood for as long as I dared.
I could see cars moving around and a man walking his dog across the road. No one seemed to be looking in my direction and I felt a curious mixture of relief and disappointment. I moved away from the window and then down the stairs to see if the washing was finished. It wasn't yet but it only had about ten minutes to go. I got some food out of the fridge to begin preparing dinner for tonight and the whole time I was wondering if I would be brave enough to take the washing out to the washing line naked.
The washing machine stopped its cycle and I pulled the clothes out and into a laundry basket. I picked up the basket and walked to the back door. I stood there for what felt like an eternity, wanting to do it but feeling genuine fear. I just couldn't do it. I had no window in the back door so I couldn't see if any of the neighbours were out or not. I know that showing myself off was what the thrill was all about but the reality is that I still have to live here with these people. The last thing I wanted was for the police to show up at the door with a complaint from the neighbours. In the end, feeling a little disappointed, I dropped the basket at the door and made my way back upstairs to put some clothes on.
When I walked back up there, I noticed that the mirror in the bathroom had cleared again so I went to have a closer look to see if I had done a good job of trimming. What I saw surprised me. I had gotten very carried away with the trim. There was a hell of a lot less hair there than there had been earlier. I was shocked but I liked it; I liked it a lot. I liked the fact that I could easily see what I looked like down there. It was the most I had seen of myself in a lot of years. I ran my fingers over the smooth naked skin and felt a thrill go through me. I looked from as many angles as I could, even separating my lips with my fingers to see the pink inner flesh.
I liked the look of what I was seeing. It seemed so pretty and exotic, it looked... well tasty is how it looked. I touched myself and realised that I was becoming quite wet again. I wet my fingertip with my juices and swirled it around my distended clit. The moan that escaped me was deep and almost didn't sound like me. I continued to repeat the process, using my finger to swirl around my entrance, collecting moisture and then bringing it up to swirl around my clit. The whole time my eyes were glued to my pussy as though seeing one for the first time.
I had a small but satisfying orgasm as I was thinking about how tasty it looked and what it would be like to touch or even taste another woman. To run my tongue over her slippery folds. That thought had me raising my fingers to my mouth so I could taste the cum on my fingers, something I hadn't really been curious about since the first time a man went down on me. When that happened, I was a little put off by the thought of kissing him with my cum on his lips. Now I wish I hadn't been so shy about it.
My cum felt slippery on my lips as my finger entered my mouth. I could smell my arousal on my fingers but it was a nice smell, exciting. The tip of my tongue flickered over my finger and I was surprised that there wasn't a lot of taste to it. A tiny bit salty but overall, it was mostly the texture that I liked. That slippery feeling it gave to everything was quite exciting. I imagined what it would be like to slide my tongue over the very wet folds of another woman's pussy and a surge of erotic excitement shivered through my body from head to toe. Something that would previously have been a "Hell no!" thought was rapidly becoming a "Yes please."
That evening, after hanging out the washing and eating my dinner, I sat down to watch some television but I couldn't concentrate on anything, it was all just white noise. The erotic movie that was playing in my mind was a lot better than anything that was on the television. In my head was a mixture of memories and fantasies from today and it felt far more real and exciting than anything the TV had to offer.
I was absolutely exhausted but in a satisfied kind of way. It was still a good two hours before I would normally go to bed but I was running on empty. I climbed the stairs again and crawled under the blankets and within minutes I was sound asleep.