Here is another forgotten episode where I found a way to be seen naked in a safe way. This happened shortly after by Costume adventure. Again, this is a true story, but not very exciting except to me it was.
I lived in a city for several years on a street that was on the side of a hill. Because of this hill, the house I lived in was on the side of the street that was about 4 or 5 feet higher than the houses on the opposite side. I never thought much about this difference until the following events began to unfold.
My apartment was on the second floor and one night I happened to be looking out my front window at nothing in particular when I noticed a light go on in an apartment across the street. The apartment was on the third floor, but I had a good view into the apartment. It was then that I realized that the difference in height meant that my second floor was almost at the same level as the third floor across the street and I was looking slightly up into the apartment
Still it was nothing unusual until I saw the young women who had moved there a few weeks earlier pass by the window nude from at least the waist up. She was walking away from the window toward the back of the apartment so I only saw a view of her naked back. At least I thought I did. It happened so fast and unexpectedly that I wasn't sure I saw what I saw.
I had been watching TV late on a weekend night and had the overhead light off. That was a habit that I had developed. I could usually find a good horror or sci-fi movie at that time of night, movies that my wife did not like. She would go to bed and I would watch one or two movies on my own Friday and Saturday nights.
I shut the TV off so that I stood in complete darkness. I was looking into the left window. It was a hall and at the end of the hall I could see the top of a closed door. I could not see everything in the hall due to the height of the window sill and the slightly upward angle of my view. I assumed the darkened righthand window was her bedroom. There were no shades on the hall window and I would learn shortly that there were no shades on the bedroom window also, only sheer curtains.
While studying this, I saw the top of the distant door move, a bright light appeared beyond that, then a head, then shoulders, then breasts and then bare stomach to just below her waist. WOW.
A light went on in the righthand window and her body quickly disappeared, I assumed due to her sitting or laying down.
Many minutes passed. Then I saw her briefly again in the bedroom window; then in the hall window walking away from me again. The bright distant light went out - I now assumed this was a bathroom. Another brief appearance of my naked neighbor; then the hall light went out, followed by the bedroom light. And just like that my first voyeur session ended.
She was tall and reasonably thin. Her only downfall in my mind was that she had large breasts. I happen to like small ones. Overall though she was very nice to look at.
I had many thoughts about what had happened. She had been living there for several weeks and yet had found no time to put up shades or hang curtains other than the sheer curtains in the bedroom. She walked around naked. She must expect somebody would see her. Was she an exhibitionist? Had she seen me looking into her window both before and after I turned off my light?
I started paying attention to her activities during the next several weekends. I watched TV without the light on just in case she would appear again. Even with the light off, the TV still provided too much light to give me a good view without being seen. Sometimes there were no sightings. When I did see her light go on, I tried two other windows in my apartment that were in darker rooms just to see what I could see. I decided that my front TV room had the best view. So, it was a balancing act of no lights, turning the TV off, or leaving TV on. Somehow I managed to see her a few times both dressed and undressed.
When I would occasionally see her on the street during the day we would always exchange a friendly hello, but no mention or hint of our weekend night activities.
Finally, it dawned on me. Why do I care if she sees me? I like being naked. I could play the same game. I adjusted the blinds in my front windows to the best angle so that when I was laying on my couch watching TV, I had a good view into her apartment, but I could only see her hall window. She also would have a good view of my TV room. For about the next year, I watched my weekend TV with my lights on while laying naked on my couch.
I saw her naked many times. I do not know if she ever looked in on me, but when I knew she was home and her lights went out I made sure I walked across my room slowly to go to and from the bathroom before I would finally go to bed.
However, I have to admit that I am stupid when it comes to thinking quickly in situations. I blew the best chance I had of finding out what she was up to and give her a chance to say anything about me.
During this period of time, money was tight for me. There was a bus stop a block from my house. So, I took the bus to and from work and I only carried enough money with me to cover my lunch for the week.
I was waiting at the bus stop one morning when my naked neighbor came walking up the hill. She recognized me as she approached the bus stop. She told me she had called a taxi and was taking it to the train station. The taxi pulled up and she asked would I like to share the ride with her. Two things flashed in my head. Somebody at the bus stop may know my wife and tell her that I got in a taxi with a beautiful woman and I also knew I had no spare money to split the fare. I said, "No thanks, I was just going to wait for the bus." As she stepped into the cab she asked, "Are you sure?" I declined a second time.
I knew as soon as the taxi left the curb that I had made a huge mistake. What an idiot. That could have ben the most interesting taxi ride I had ever taken.
Unfortunately, about a year later she moved away. One of the first things the next tenant did was put shades and curtains on the two front windows.