This is my entry in the 2021 Nude Day Contest. Thank you for taking the time to read it.
I would like to thank Eva_Adams and Redhaired Wonder Woman for their invaluable editing and assistance.
Chapter 1:
I'm a baseball player. Alright, I was a baseball player.
I'm a shortstop. A pretty good one actually. The starting shortstop for a Division 1 school. I was known for my glove. I was a fucking Hoover in the field with nothing getting through, and a solid contact hitter. A .300 average every year and a tailor made number two hitter. Not quite enough speed to be leadoff and not enough power to hit three or four.
But, I was good enough to get drafted by the Dodgers and I made it up to Double AA ball playing for the Dodger minor league affiliate, the Tulsa Drillers in Tulsa, Oklahoma where I sat for a few years not going anywhere else within the organization.
And why would I? They had Corey Seager, an All-Star, a potential MVP at shortstop on the big club and he was barely 22.
Oh well.
But the nice thing was, all things considered, Tulsa was not a bad town. Not huge and urban, but not a tiny burg. A friendly city of around 400,000 with inexpensive housing and a lot of Baseball Annies.
I'm pretty sure you have all seen the movie "Bull Durham." Kevin Costner playing in Double AA minor league ball where many really hot female baseball fans want to fuck him and the other ballplayers.
Listen, here is the real deal: In a small town the biggest celebrities are the local TV news anchors, maybe a DJ or two, and anyone who plays any kind of pro sports that has fans. And 1,000s of beautiful, horny, single girls -- actually some not even single -- want to get you into a room, drop their panties and fuck you until your eyeballs bleed.
Local Baseball Annies were a sexual candy store.
For example, one day I was in the locker room with my uniform pants and jock around my ankles fucking a hot blonde with large tits and a sweet tasting, shaved pussy. She was screaming me on during the middle of a game when my manager caught me.
"What the fuck are you doing?! Oh, that is what you're doing. Never mind. I won't need you until the 8thinning anyway."
You get my point.
My days were filled with beautiful, hot chicks flashing me their tits from the stands or meeting me at my car after the game to take my hard cock into their mouths and give me the blowjob of a lifetime -- these girls knew how to suck a cock -- until I came in their mouth and they swallowed every drop.
Then there were the ones who would follow you home, cook you dinner and offer themselves as dessert. I made it a rule that if you were fucking me in my own house, you had to give me your ass.
Everyone one of them would drop to their knees, suck my hard cock to prime the pump, and then strip off all of their clothes, get on their hands and knees, spread their cheeks and beg me to fuck their tight ass.
Trust me, I always did. Enjoying how their ass squeezed around my cock as I pumped it in and out of their forbidden hole until I shot my gigantic load deep into their bowels sending them to Hell or at the least to their confession booth.
Most because you are a celebrity and they are horny, and some because they are hoping to snag a budding superstar, and ride them all the way to a fat Major League contract, get married and live in a big mansion one day.
The reason didn't matter to me, I was getting my cock sucked and getting laid a lot.
I mean, a lot!!!
My teammates and I started to have a daily wager on how many innings one of us could get a hot babe to sit in the stands topless or completely nude rooting us on. Ten bucks an inning.
Imagine around 5,000 people in the stands with five or six great looking, totally nude chicks hopping up and down with their tits bouncing yelling and screaming my name. I'd stand on the field watching and knowing that I'd be fucking a few of them later.
Now, on the other hand, affordable housing was essential since minor league teams don't pay shit, and they only pay during the season when you play. So that means minor league baseball players all have other jobs.
I was lucky. Our franchise was owned by the owner of our local Mercedes dealership, Burt Poel. A fourth generation Sooner, who had a chain of dealerships from Mercedes to Jeep, and Ford which sold the best selling pickup in the country, the Ford F-150.
As I said, I was lucky, Mr. Poel liked me -- I attracted fans to the game -- and gave me a job at his Ford dealerships selling F-150s. I sold a lot of them.
It wasn't difficult. I was the starting shortstop of the Drillers, a star in my own right, and the damn pickup truck sold itself. A decent living. I was never going to be a millionaire, but for a minor league shortstop in a small town I was doing OK.
As the 2ndseason of being stuck in Double AA progressed I came to the conclusion that this was it. I was never going to make the majors, and spending my life in Tulsa, Oklahoma selling Fords to shitkickers and fucking fake blondes who then went to confession because they were fucking out of wedlock was not my destiny.
I decided to find a way out.
A friend turned me on to a Robert Allen "Nothing Down" real estate book and I gobbled it up like the gospel.
I decided to start buying houses, fixing them up, and flipping them following the Robert Allen plan.
I started saving everything I could from my Ford pickup sales commissions, and the great thing about Tulsa was the real estate prices were not major city expensive. They were affordable because a lot of good folks worked on a low hourly wage, they rented and didn't buy.
Following Robert Allen's book, I went searching for the worst house on the block in a good neighborhood. I finally found one, bought it for nearly nothing down -- also following Mr. Allen's guidance, and since I have always been handy and love carpentry, started to fix up the house.
It didn't take more than a few cases of beer and some great BBQ to get some of my buddies on the team to help, and before I knew it the piece of shit I had purchased for almost nothing down was ready for resale at a significant profit.
And it sold.
I took the profit, spent none of it, bought another house and repeated the process. And then I started to do that over and over and over.
I of course, kept playing ball and selling Ford pickups.
On a minor league baseball team there are three kinds of players. There are super hotshots, many who are high draft picks with fat contracts being groomed for the big leagues. Some teammates are former stars on the way down trying to squeeze out the last days of baseball they can before they hang up their cleats.
And then there are the rest of us like me. And our primary purpose is to play catch with the budding stars. That's it. Play catch in practice and in a game with the budding stars.
That was okay. I had moved on mentally from my baseball career and was all in on my real estate career. After a while, I had put enough in the bank that I had enough money to keep some of the houses and start renting them out for monthly income while I kept buying others to fix up and flip.
To my surprise, before I knew it I had a million in the bank, ten rental properties kicking off monthly income and the realization that my baseball career was over.
Chapter 2:
I had grown up in Los Angeles.
LA is a much bigger real estate market than Tulsa. Let's get real, in the USA the two most expensive real estate markets are New York City and Los Angeles. Even more than San Francisco and Chicago. Luxury homes in Los Angeles nowadays sell for $100 million dollars or more.
If I was going to find the worst house in a good neighborhood that I could afford it would be in the Valley, and cost somewhere around $700 thousand to $800 thousand, if luck was with me, in a neighborhood of $1.5 to $3 million dollar homes.
In Los Angeles, believe it or not, that is the cost of a regular, upper middle class home.
I had a grubstake in the bank and my rental units to give me a decent monthly income to live on. I decided to roll the dice and go for it.
After the season I retired, thanked Mr. Poel for his kindness -- he said a job was always waiting for me if I wanted it. Nice compliment. -- and moved back to LA to start looking.
I found my first opportunity out in the San Fernando Valley within the Latino community. Hardworking folks who in the American way were making a life for themselves and moving up in economic class.
I found a couple of houses, fixed them up nicely, and flipped them at a fair price to nice families giving them their first homes.
I kept going with that formula until I had enough capital to move into the wealthier neighborhoods. Studio City, Sherman Oaks, Toluca Lake, Los Feliz, West Hollywood, Holmbly Hills, Beverly Hills, Bel-Air, and the Westside.
For the first time in my life, I bought a place sight unseen in the Toluca Lake adjacent area.
What a fucking dump! What a fucking mistake.
What I was told was a rental housing complex of a single family house and a fourplex was yes, those structures, but a rat filled, mold and rot nightmare. I didn't know if I could afford to fix it or even if it was worth doing it so I called my real estate agent, Joe Dunlop, over at Dunlop Properties, who handled the deal for me.
"Joe, this is huge fucking dog. I need to get out of this. Can you do it?"
He couldn't, I understood so we talked about what to do moving forward to dump the property and flip it as is. I asked him to put his best on it and get rid of it for me, right now!
The motherfucker said no! Well, that ended that relationship. I called one of his primary competitors, Neil Stevens, the owner of Millennium Realty, who had been highly recommended. He recognized me, wanted my business and said, "We would like an opportunity to prove to you that we are the agents for you."
We talked over how I went about things and how I liked to work. I learned as a player when a new manager took over the team it was good to know their ways and their expectations for you. So, I laid it all out for him.
"We understand what you do, and what you want," Neil said. "And you'll find us very flexible, and willing to work around the lines when required. You called here for a reason. I ask you to give us a chance."
We sketched out how to start together until we had a game plan.
"I have an agent in mind for you. She's younger, but a go-getter with a 'can do'' spirit. I think she will fit your team."
"Alright, let's give it a go. Send your person over, but have them wear a hardhat. This is a total disaster."
I waited there for the agent to show up. And after a knock on the door, wearing a pink hardhat, this blonde haired vision showed up, late 20s maybe 30-something, with an inviting face, a tight hot body, wearing a totally inappropriate, tight pencil skirt, Louboutin heels with 4" heels, and a silk blouse, clinging to the black lace bra underneath, leaving nothing to the imagination.
Well, fuck. Believe me, I have had a bunch of chicks just like this around LA all of my life and also since I'd been back. But I really, really didn't expect this in a professional situation.
I found myself getting very hot and bothered like being at the ballpark, wanting to fuck her on sight, and slamming myself for feeling that way.
This was bad. She was hot. Fucking hot. Fuck.
I caught her checking me out. A quick glance from head to toe, but I saw it.
"Oh," I thought. "He sent me a Baseball Annie, but wearing more expensive clothes and a hardhat!"
She held out her hand and said, "Liz Sabatino. Nice to meet you." We shook.
She looked around and said, "What a fucking mess," and gasped. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. Very unprofessional. Please forgive me."
I laughed, "That's OK. That's exactly what it is, a fucking mess. Now that you introduced yourself, Liz, why not tell me about yourself?"
And I looked at her.
She gathered herself. "Alright, I've been with the company around four years now. It took me a couple to discover residential properties weren't for me and I really dug commercial. I like the players and I like the deals."
She stopped to see if I was approving her spiel. I nodded to continue.
"Unlike selling houses it's creative. Neil, I mean Mr. Stevens, says if I keep it up I can eventually become the top commissioned agent in the office, and I want that more than anything."
"He told me all about you and I Googled you, of course," she smiled. "I know who you are and what you do. I even know you played ball and your stats!"
She broke into a broad smile, "Hey! I'm a Dodger fan!"
"So am I, but I don't play for the Dodgers."
"But you did. I think that's great."
She waited for a response. I didn't know how so I gave none.
She kept going, "Look, I work with good crews and believe I can get this fixed up for you and sell it at a price that will make you happy It's my hope that will be the start to my eventually becoming the exclusive agent for all of your future properties one day," she blushed a bit, lowered her head, and looked up with her eyes like the late Princess Di used to.
"Please pardon my ego, but I'm good at what I do. I leave customers happy and my clients satisfied."
And she gave me a knowing smile.
"And of all of his people, Neil thinks you are the one for me, He said you're, let me use his words, 'a go-getter with a can do spirit.' Is that right? If it is, what can you do for me?"
"Well sir, I've always thought that it was best to start a new project by working my way up from the ground floor."
And she dropped to her knees and started to unbuckle my belt. "How about this?"
I put my hands down to stop her. "Whoa there!! I think you may have gotten the wrong idea here."
She stood back up, a coy look spreading over her face. "Oh no. I think I'm onto the right idea. Give me a chance to demonstrate my plan to you. I said I was creative."
In a blink of an eye the hardhat, Louboutins, skirt and blouse were on the floor and I was looking at her magnificent, large breasts in a black lace, underwire, plunge bra, and a matching black lace thong with an embroidered red rose on the front and a black bow in the back.
"Pretty good idea! Don't you think?" and she rapidly unhooked and removed her bra, her voluptuous D-cups eagerly pouring out. Her nipples proudly saying hello. Silver dollar sized areolas with slightly larger nipples begging to be sucked sat firmly on both breasts. The dark pink coronas tightened up along with her erect nips. The thong went next.
Suddenly, I was back in Tulsa. I looked upon her glorious nude body. "You've got me there. This is a creative way to greet a new client."
On the inside of the top of her left breast was another red rose, and there was a platinum and ruby red rose piercing dangling from her dimpled belly button.
"Do I meet your approval, sir?"
"I'm no sir, I'm a shortstop, and yes, you hit a home run. Where's the red lipstick."
"Clashes."
"If you say so. OK Ms. Real Estate Agent, please give me an open house tour of the assets."
And she pirouetted like a prima ballerina. No surprise, a tasty tramp stamp of tribal-style vines enveloping a single, large, red rose decorated the small of her back.
She slipped the Louboutin's back on -- the better to show of her gams -- and started to glide around the space like a model at a fashion show, stopping on occasion to take various poses showing off an asset or two.
The first was a classic Betty Grable WWI pose. Her back to me, hands on hip, looking over her shoulder putting her world-class ass on display. The hours in the gym showed. Rising up to the trampstamp on the small of her back, her pert ass was perfection. High, taut, delightfully dimpled on either side, yet still womanly. Not one of those uber-athletic asses you see on Olympic swimmers, but tight with just enough shape to rock a pair of yoga pants. An ass you could drool over.
"You like?" I nodded yes and motioned her along.
Liz walked a few steps seeming to revel in her nudity, turned a corner and struck another pose. This one was in profile with her hands on her hips again and the back knee jutting out.
And speaking of jutting out, her luxuriously soft and full breasts were surprisingly high on her chest considering their size. I think she was clenching her butt because it was also high and tight and her calves were the same.
I spent a moment enjoying how the curves of her breasts moved into her smooth stomach and disappeared into her crotch. The jewels in her belly button ring glistened in the light.
She started walking again, bumping like a stripper in a burlesque revue to the beat of a silent drummer. This time she stopped square onto me, hands on her hips, breasts swaying, and legs spread. She looked me straight in the eyes, teased her hands down to her pussy and played with herself for a bit, rolling her hips around until finally, she rocked her pelvis forward to spread her lips open wide enough to see her glistening pink vagina for a moment.
She then brought one hand up to her mouth and licked the fingers clean.
I walked to her, finished unbuckling my belt, unhooked and unzipped my slacks dropping my boxers in the process and pulled out my cock.
"Look! You carry your own bat," and she fondled my shaft down to my sack. "And your own balls."
Liz kicked off her shoes, dropped back to her knees, grabbed my cock with both hands, leaned forward and gave the head a quick lick and kiss, her pendulous breasts brushing against my thighs,
Bouncing my cock and balls she said, "Heavy," and leaned in to slowly lick around the now bright red head, brought her hand up the shaft and started sliding her fingers around the ridge and the frenulum.
She stuck her tongue out further and slowly licked around it and then gently put just the head into her mouth, and held it there rolling her tongue around my head and starting to suck it like a vacuum so hard that I was screaming in my mind for her to finally take my entire cock into her mouth.
I was fighting the need to shove myself in when she did it. Slid my cock all the way into her mouth until it hit the back. She wrapped her hand powerfully around the base of my cock and started to fuck my cock with her mouth as her hand milked me.
She stopped and looked back at me as her hand kept moving up and down my shaft stoking the fire.
"I think we could close our first deal here together. We have all three conditions on the table: The offer would be you can cum in my mouth. Your acceptance would be shooting your massive load in my mouth and throat, and the consideration would be my receiving all of your seed and swallowing it. Is that your thinking too?"
"Sounds like we made a deal."
Good. "I want you to come in my mouth," and I started to push towards her. "But not right now!"
"You're fucking kidding me!"
In answer, she wrapped her lips around my shaft right below the crown with her hand joining in pressed against her lips and started to pump up and down the entire length of my dick again with the rotary tongue and Liz's skillful hand forming the blowjob equivalent of a tight, moist pussy.
Sometimes fast, sometimes slow she skillfully milked my cock up and down. I tried my best to ignore her rhythmic pressure on my cock but I was now throbbing so deeply it felt as if my body was starting to pulsate. My cock's head had to be choking her at this point it was so engorged, and I could feel her tongue swirling around it licking off the precum.
And she lowered her mouth to the bottom of my shaft taking my hard cock and enflamed head all the way down her throat stopping at the base with her lips nibbling at my balls. Her tongue snaked out and started to lick around the sack tickling it left and right dwelling paying particular attention to the seam in between until she pulled back up to the ridge and started circling the head again.
She now had my cock so erect and inflated it was actually stretching the skin until it hurt. My blood was engorging the head and every inch of skin to maybe the largest I have ever been in my life. I knew she could feel me throbbing as she was working her magic.
She pulled off my cock, looked up at me with that Princess Di look and said, "You like that?"
"Yes!"
"Do I have your listing?"
"Not if you keep fucking around."
"She gave me a devilish smile, lowered her head, put her tongue on my cock and licked her way down to my balls.
She brought her other hand up, cupped by balls raising them up slightly and started to suck them one at a time gently at first and then really sucking pulling a ball deep into her mouth stretching the sack as her clever hands kept playing with my cock and the other ball.
She released my nuts, licked her way back up to the head of my pulsating cock, looked me deep in the eyes and said, "I want all of your sweet seed. Cum in my mouth right now. Right-fucking-now!"
I put both of my hands on her head, shoved my cock in her mouth with all of my might and starting fucking it hard and fast, balls deep. I was now in her throat and throat-fucking her, fucking her face with my cock, bouncing my tightening balls off of her chin.
I knew I wanted to cum in her mouth and just as I started to explode I pulled the bursting head of my cock out of her throat and into her mouth to shoot my entire load of salty, thick sperm, filling her mouth with so much jizz that it started to leak out of it onto her tits and belly and thigh, coating her tongue with my seed.
I shot easily seven or eight ropes of hot spunk into her mouth. She rolled it around for a while savoring its saltiness and then swallowed it all opening her mouth to proudly show me that she did as she dropped back on her heels to sit.
I stood there for a while catching my breath and enjoying the glow of an unexpected afternoon blow job and orgasm.
"Congratulations! You've got the job," I said as I pulled up my pants.
"Meet me at my office tomorrow at 11. We'll have coffee, discuss the details, and sign the paperwork."
"Goody. I get an autograph," with a slight giggle.
I shook my head grinning, and I started out, paused for a sec and turned back towards her.
"Liz, why the roses?"
She looked at me coyly, "If you're lucky maybe next time I'll tell you and let you pluck one."
I threw her a kiss and strode out the door with thoughts of romping in the garden in my head.
Chapter 3:
A few weeks had passed and we were back touring the dump in Toluca Lake. But it was far from that now. I had given Liz free rein -- with me signing off of the budget as we went, of course -- and she had cracked the whip on the crew. We weren't done yet, but as I walked around I admired what had been accomplished from the repair work, to the woodworking, the rest of the crafts like electric and plumbing, and even the color choices. First rate job by all.
And speaking of first rate, Liz was wearing another inappropriate, tight skirt. This one a pink form-fitting, ruched, drawstring knot, rib-knit set off by a wrap-around cowled blouse that made no attempt to hide the pink lace bra underneath which matched her signature pink hardhat.
As we walked around I watched all of the workers checking her out. Some from the corner of their eye, and a few rather blatantly. I smiled when the female painter in the white overalls looked lustfully too.
"Well, what do you think?"
"Looks good so far, Ms. Sabatino. Do you have an ETA and a date?"
"I'm hoping four weeks out and since you asked, yes, I do date on the job," and I swear she tugged her cowled neckline down a bit showing me her lace enclosed right tit.
"Date? You do remember you're working for me, right?"
She saluted, "Yes sir. And that's why I'll do anything to please you."
"Anything?" and she shook her long blonde hair yes.
"You know when you play sports 'anything' means whatever it takes to win."
This time a sexy smile joined the blonde nod. "I like to play," as she shimmied her chest left and right reminding me of the girls in the stands.
I looked around the space at the large crew toiling away.
"Come over here," I motioned back to the foyer. "Okay, let's play. Would you be willing to walk around nude in front of the crew as we continue to inspect the work," and I reached in and cupped her right tit.
"Would that get you hot?"
"Why not take that spectacular breast out for all of these guys to see, let's start the inspection again, and find out?"
She paused for a moment as I caressed her breast, and without a word she lifted my hand out of her blouse bringing her luscious boob with it, nude, fully exposed and excited, if her nipple was to be believed.
"Come here," and I snatched her hand, put it on my awakening cock, and pulled her blouse and bra down exposing the other breast too.
I looked down to admire the gifts nature had given Liz now proudly jutting forward like a barmaid in a hofbrau, but without the blouse part of her dirndl.
She grabbed her bra to readjust it under her boobs making them even more pronounced, rubbed her nails over both nipples, then slowly brought one long nail up to trace around the red rose tattoo while licking her lips wantonly.
I put my hand on the small of her back. "Shall we start again in the house and then move to the apartments?"
We started walking around with her boobs jiggling and swaying delightfully.
I watched Bill elbow Jose and he nearly dropped the nailgun on his foot at the sight of Liz's exposed chest. It didn't take long before everyone had stopped working to ogle naked D-cups on parade.
I could tell that she was getting off on strutting her stuff for all to see. My pants were now very tight, and I couldn't help but notice that mine wasn't the only growing erection in the place.
"Bill over there wants to fuck you."
"Honey, they all want to fuck me."
To prove it she stopped for a moment, bent over from her waist as if to adjust her shoe as her ample chest dangled towards the floor, full yet surprisingly firm for their size, her nipples flattened and soft against her skin. She swayed them teasingly from side to side inspiring a wolf's whistle from one of the doorways.
I casually lifted her skirt up showing her firm ass framed by her pink thong for the guys in the room who had put their tools down to enjoy the show, and Liz did not disappoint shaking her backside around to yelps of appreciation.
My hand slid down between her legs. Her pussy was soaking.
"Stay like that, please," a throaty woman's voice said. The female painter was standing in front of Liz, rubbing her crotch in the topless real estate agent's face while her paint stained hands groped both breasts.
"Go for it, Maryann!" hooted one of the guys as Maryann's hands moved up from Liz's tits to the back of her head grinding her overalls-covered pussy deeper into Liz.
The rest of the crew started chiming in with catcalls and shouts of encouragement: "Hey babe!" "Senorita!" "I'm next," "Nice titties!" "Eat that pussy," and more.
Most of it was good-natured, horny guys reacting to the surprise sex show that egged the painter to unhook the straps of her overalls revealing surprisingly large boobs in a tube top which brought on even more catcalls.
I leaned over, grabbed one of the painter's tits and gave her a kiss shoving my tongue into her mouth. She jumped back.
"Hey! What the fuck do you think you're doing, breeder?"
"I could say the same. Why don't you get back to work?"
I grabbed Liz's blonde mane, yanked her back up, and ushered her along to continue the tour of the property with her bare breasts leading the way to a lot of stares and appreciative gasps.
We made it to the back unit. A larger studio apartment with a good sized sleeping loft above the living area. Work had stopped for the day. I looked around. The carpentry was done and the walls were half painted a light potato with white semi-gloss trim.
"What happened to blue for the walls?"
"It clashed."
She waved her arm moving her breasts up seductively like a nude centerfold. "Don't you approve it as is?" I reached for one of her tits feeling the ampleness and heft.
"Yes, I do!" reaching around to grab the other one.
"The work silly. The work."
I knocked the hardhat off her head. It went clanging to the floor.
"Sorry, I hadn't noticed," and pulled Liz's bare bosom into my chest. "I have some gardening to do," and we started to kiss like two eager teenagers.
I ripped her blouse and bra over her head onto the floor with the rest of her clothes following. Soon I was lying between her legs on the floor with the head of my cock rubbing up and down her slit with her dripping pussy mixing juices with my leaking precum.
I looked down at her considerable breasts rolling enticingly to either side, yet they still sat full upon her chest despite their heft, the dark pink areolas starting to tighten. I started sucking on the red rose with my fingers rolling around a nipple.
Liz wrapped a hand around my rigid shaft, "Isn't it about time you fuck me with that big cock of yours?"
I spread her thighs further with my knees. Using her hand she took my cock and slid me inside with a wild look of primal carnality.
"Oh yes," she moaned. "So fucking thick. I've been waiting for this. Fuck me. Use me. Pound me hard and make me cum."
I didn't need to be invited twice. I don't know if it was my girth or how tight her pussy was, but it was gripping me like a compression sock as I shoved my prick inside her to the bottom of her cunt. Once balls deep, I grabbed both of her wrists, put them over her head, held them firmly against the carpet, and started to hammer her.
She wanted hard so I rode her hard until I was rocking my balls against her undulating ass, and had her moaning with each stroke with the occasional cry of pain as I rammed her cervix with the swollen head of my cock.
I grabbed her butt, raised it up and started to jackhammer her with everything I had.
The walls of the empty apartment were echoing with the sound of our slapping flesh and moans of, "Oh fuck, oh fuck, shit, so good, so good, that's it."
I plunged in all the way balls deep and started to grind against her clit. Another circling, rubbing her clit against my pelvic bone then I pulled out to my tip and plunged back into her again and again.
Just when I thought Liz was going to cum the door open downstairs and we heard shouted out, "Just give me a moment. I need to pick up a few things that I left." Then footsteps up the stairway.
The painter, Maryann, hit the top and turned.
"Holy shit!" she shrieked.
I wasn't going to let an unexpected visitor spoil the fun so I improvised and whispered to Liz, "Three-way?"
She nodded yes.
"Maryann, I don't know why you're here, but since you are why don't you finish dropping those overalls and join us?"
"Holy shit!" was all she could still say.
"Come on, join us. Right Liz?"
"Uh-huh."
"Come on." I gestured to Liz's pretty face as I continued to fuck her. "There a seat for you right here."
I could see the wheels spinning and the next thing I knew the painter was out of her overalls, tube top, and panties. Without the tube top her breasts were quite large, hanging a bit lower than Liz's with wide flat nipples. She was covered in tattoos, had a landing strip leading down to a slightly fleshy pussy and a womanly ass.
She stepped towards us, "No funny business like before. Got it," and straddled Liz's face, moved her hand down her stomach, spread her pussy wide and sat smack down on Liz's face, rubbing her clit over her mouth and chin.
I could see Liz struggling to catch her breath with the twat on her mouth and her nose up the painter's ass, and I started fucking again for real.
The faster I was fucking the harder Maryann was grinding. I guess Liz had no objection since she now started to seriously move her ass, bucking up and down taking my cock as deep as it could go inside her.
She was so wet it was dripping down my balls. The painter's snatch was following along. I could hear the slurping of Liz's tongue as Maryann ground her clit into Liz.
The harder I stroked the further my head was shoved into Maryann's cleavage. I couldn't resist and on the next thrust sucked one of Maryann's bouncing tits into my mouth.
"Hey! Watch it."
I looked up, "Cut me a break, will ya. We are both fucking her and you keep shoving your tits into my face. What do you expect me to do?
With a begrudging nod of okay, we both got down to the serious business of fucking Liz and getting off using her body for our own pleasure going at it hot and heavy for ten minutes or so.
The painter came first squeezing Liz's head so hard with her thighs I thought she was going to suffocate her. But Liz didn't seem to mind because surprisingly she started to cum with a muffled scream into Maryann's fleshy vagina, and her hips thrashing against me and the carpet.
I could feel my cock get harder, the head grew larger and my balls were tightening as I was about to cum like there was no tomorrow. I decided, "what the fuck," pulled out and shot all over Maryann's and Liz's tits, making sure that at least two large streams of cum bounced off of the painter's face.
I stood up looking down at ropes of cum dripping from Maryann's face and tits pooling onto Liz while she attempted to extract herself from underneath Maryann's still quivering ass.
I helped Liz to her feet and kissed her smelling and tasting pussy all over her face. Pinching her butt I said, "I like what I saw here today. Good job. Keep it going."
Looked at the naked painter covered in my spunk, "Well, that was fun. I'll see ya around. My guess is you have an early call tomorrow since we're on a deadline. Catch you later."
I gave her ass a swift smack, grabbed my clothes and said, "I've got to run to an appointment, but don't let the fun stop because I'm leaving, ladies," and walked down the steps nude humming Nat King Cole's "Rambling Rose."
Chapter 4:
True to Liz's word, the project was done in about a month and ready to go to market a few short weeks later.
In the interim, we had gotten together two or three times for a romp in the hay including one noteworthy night over at her place that involved satin sheets, silk ropes, and a black velvet blindfold. But when it mattered she was all business, and I'm happy to say knew her stuff.
We were meeting in my office to discuss marketing strategies and when to schedule the real estate agent's caravan and the first open house. It was coming into noon.
"How about we keep working over lunch? My treat."
The smile said "yes," and we strolled over to nice bistro down the street with picturesque outside dining on a patio filled with flowers. The state had fully reopened a few weeks before so there were plenty of tables available for a change. We were led to a pleasant table under an umbrella that was warm enough but the sun wasn't in our eyes.
In a little while ice teas and lunch were served. Liz was eating an ahi tuna Nicoise salad and I opted for the chef's salad, no egg with a light vinaigrette. We made small talk over the first few bites.
I put down my fork and said, "I'm thinking about a glass of wine. Would you care to join me?"
She nodded yes. I found our server, and in a few minutes two chilled glasses of pinot grigio were in front of us.
I raised my glass, "To paraphrase Bogie at the end of 'Casablanca,' to the beginning of a beautiful friendship" and we clinked.
"Is your lunch OK?" Liz nodded yes. "Good... So, you know about me, and I know what you can do, but how did you get here? Tell me the story of Liz Sabatino."
She paused for a moment to finish her bite, took a sip of wine and said, "Well, what do you want me to tell you?
"How about how you got from there to here. What was your childhood like? How did you end up in Los Angeles commercial real estate, sitting at this table, having lunch with me?"
"Okay, I was a military brat. My dad was in the United States Air Force. I'm an only child and spent my childhood being dragged from base to base. It's funny, I don't really have any place that I actually think of or call home."
I looked at her in disbelief.
"True story. Nowhere. Where do you call home?"
"I was born in New York, but raised in the San Francisco Bay Area. I think of San Francisco as home. San Francisco is my home."
"You see? I don't have that. I don't think of any place as home. I don't have a home."
She continued, "Do you have childhood friends? A best friend from grade school? Friends you follow on Facebook?"
Chewing, I nodded yes.
"Well, I don't. That's why I'm not on Facebook. I have no friends from my childhood. None. With the exception of my father, I have no relationships from my childhood, and I don't think of anyplace as my home. This table at this restaurant might as well be my home. It's weird. I listen to people talk all day about their home. Fuck, I work in a real estate office and all I hear all day is, 'Your future home. This house is perfect for your future home. This could be your home.' Well, what about me? Where is my home? That's the main reason why I hated residential. I don't have any place I can call home."
"Gosh, I'm sorry."
"Don't be. It's what I was dealt."
"But, you said your father? What about your mom?"
"She's dead. Died in a car accident back in Okinawa when I was six. They drive on the wrong side of the fucking road there. Dad says she must have gotten confused."
"Shit, I am so sorry Liz," and I reached out to take her hand. She shrugged it off.
"Water under the bridge. It was a long time ago."
I didn't believe her. I waited.
"Dad would be reassigned and we would land at a new base. It seemed like every time I was just starting to make friends we moved again. I have one friend that I can remember from third grade, Janet Richardson. She was in the house next door. She was nice."
For a moment Liz was lost in a distant memory. "But we lost touch."
She took a sip of wine finishing her glass as we both took a bite of our lunch.
"Want another?" I asked.
She nodded yes and I motioned our server. I didn't realize I had opened a wound.
"Anyway, since I had to make new friends every year or two I learned how to do it. When I was younger it was having a nice smile and liking the same things they liked whether it was dollhouses or sports. Sports were big. Especially football."
She gave me a look. "You call it soccer."
I think I winced.
"When I hit my teens the way to make friends at the new base and school changed. Now it was boys, and well, you know their interest with me didn't involve football. So I learned that how I looked was more important than how I kicked a ball."
She took another bite. "I started dressing to please the guys and got known as a 'loose girl.' I wasn't doing anything. Believe me, my dad saw to it that I was chaste and pure, but that didn't matter. We didn't have a lot of money so I had to create my own style. I became a mini-Madonna in 'Desperately Seeking Susan.' 'Vogue' became my bible. As soon as I made real money I started wearing my favorite designers."
"I couldn't help but notice."
She smiled at the compliment.
"Listen, I'm so sorry your childhood sucked. Sorry."
We paused. What could you say to that?
Finally, "Alright, but you didn't tell me what got you from there to here?"
"It's simple really. When I was 17 we landed in LA. I left at 18. I did a few odd jobs here and there. You know waitressing in a coffee shop and stuff like that. School didn't suit me and I figured the only two ways to make real money in LA without a college degree was to be a hairdresser or sell real estate."
We were interrupted as they cleared the table and our server asked if we wanted any dessert or more wine which we both passed on.
"Well shit. I wasn't going to be a hairdresser and have to be in a shop all day with women. Have you ever listened to girls talk?"
She gave me a hard look and I had no choice but to say no.
"All they do all day is talk about guys. Either this one is hot, or they want to do this or that with them and how they are going to fuck 'em. Or all the guy wants to do is get into their pants, or do this or that with them. Or they are complaining that the guy doesn't want to do this or that with them. You know, they don't go down on them, or never take them anywhere nice, or smell like the gym but want head."
She gave a disgusted look. "And if they're married, forget about it. Might as well grab my dad's sidearm and blow my fucking brains out. You know what I mean?!"
Another no choice. Another nod yes.
"So I got my real estate license. It wasn't hard, but my instructor certainly was, and after class he saw to it that I passed with flying colors. That taught me that all I had to do to get ahead in this business was to dress sexy and occasionally give a blow job or two. And here we are."
It took me a moment to digest all of this. I didn't expect so much from what I thought was a simple, lunchtime question.
"OK, I think I understand, but Neil Stevens didn't hire you because you blew him. I know Neil and his wife and family. And, he would never have sent you to me because you blew him or he thought you'd blow me."
Liz held her head up a bit more proudly. "Exactly. I did what I had to do to get in the door -- because that was the only way the boys would let me get in -- and then I earned the rest. I wasn't fucking kidding you when I said I was good at what I did."
"Yeah?! Then what about the blow job and the strutting around with your tits hanging out. What's up with that? I didn't make you do any of that."
"You know my dad was stationed at Tinker a few years ago."
"Tinker Air Force Base?"
She nodded with a mischievous look.
"Wait! That's in Oklahoma..."
She paused before she answered. "You're right. What I can say? I told you I was a Dodger fan. I saw you play and looked up your stats. What girl wouldn't?"
The light bulb off. That's why Neil sent her. "But help me out here. Why the other stuff?"
She blushed, "I like being liked by men."
Chapter 5:
The complex looked great and was ready to hit the market. I met with the entire Millennium team and we decided to show it "by appointment only" starting the following weekend. I was escorting everyone out after the meeting when I pulled Liz aside.
"Wait a moment. I have an idea for this weekend I want to discuss with you. It includes a bonus."
The appointments were scheduled to start at 10am Saturday morning. Liz was ready in a well-tailored Armani suit. Her legs looked great in its short skirt with white lace stockings and 2" business pumps.
"Where are your fuck-me heels with the fancy red soles?"
"They clashed."
The morning appointments were pleasant, non-committal, and businesslike. A lot of, "Let us think it over. I'll call you first thing in the week." All fine and dandy. I didn't expect a lot of calls.
Lunch came and went. The 1pm was a big fish that I hoped we would hook. I looked at Liz and said, "Ready?" and stepped out of the room.
There was a knock on the door and Liz opened it greeting them.
"Hello, Mr. Tilson. Please come in." She stepped back welcoming them.
Tilson and his attractive assistant just stood there on the doormat staring at Liz who was now completely naked except for white lace thigh-highs.
Her blonde hair was shimmering in the sunlight cast through the windows, and her proud breasts and tight ass were excited and ready. I watched Tilson stare at her boobs, the belly button ring and her freshly waxed pussy then his eyes popped back to her tits and caught the rose tattoo.
"Please come in," invited Liz again.
He stammered, whispered to his assistant who shook her head and said, "Sorry, we pass," and left.
"Don't sweat it," I said. "We knew it was a swing or a miss. No worries. Strike one. The count is 0-1. There's still plenty at-bat left!"
The 1:30pm showed. He came in, looked at Liz in amazement and then followed her sweet ass around the property. I think the trampstamp was sort of a homing beacon for him.
I thought he was drooling slightly. I understood. Her impossibly large breasts leading the way, and that ass, so high and tight swiveling deliciously thanks to the 4" fuck me pumps giving anyone an instant hardon.
At least it did for me. I think for him too.
She brushed against him and casually rubbed the back of her hand against his tenting slacks as he signed the visitors book. He stammered and said his goodbyes.
Liz held up her hand to show me. "He was leaking like a running faucet."
I pushed her against the wall. He wasn't the only one who was leaking. My erection was bursting against my suit pants and I was rubbing it as hard as I could against her crotch as I kissed her and fondled her copious breast.
"Whoa there Tonto! It's early in the day and we have a lot of appointments to go. I can't show and sell your property with sperm dripping out of me. Can I?"
Shit, my cock actually put me in the position where she was the adult. Fuck! The next appointment was at 2pm. Liz was right. I backed off.
The remainder of the afternoon was a parade of appointments and I mean parade. Liz parading around in all of her glory showing startled prospective buyers the goods, and not just the property.
Our last appointment was at 5pm. I didn't want to book so late, but Liz thought from the phone call it might be a winner. The doorbell rang.
"Nakashima," and a slight bow.
"Hello Mr. Nakashima, I'm Liz. Please come in."
He looked at Liz for a moment as if this was something he saw every day in business and stepped in.
"May I take your coat?" She offered her hand.
"You are without your clothes," he stated and grabbed her tit.
Liz flinched at the touch, but to her credit stayed in there like a batter taking a pitch high and tight.
"Yes."
"Good," he said, and slowly moved his hand from her breast to her pussy putting his fingers into her depths and playing around with her cunt and her clit.
"You are wet."
"OK!" Liz said extracting herself from his grip. Would you like to see the property?"
"Very much, Liz-san."
She started to show him around. I joined in.
"Mr. Nakashima, nice to meet you. This is my property. Thank you for coming."
"It looks nice. Did you make it right?"
"Err, well, yes. I guess that is what I did."
"Good. Nakashima would like to see more," and he gave Liz's ass a hard, swift slap that made her yelp. And we moved on.
We made it through the house and the other units eventually into the back one. The final stop on the tour.
I've got to hand it to her, Liz's body was worthy of an adult magazine, or an online adult porn site. Thanks to how hot she was, Mr. Nakashima and I were totally enjoying the tour.
We were salivating over her voluptuous D-cups with the large, nipples proudly saying "Konnichi wa." Her now flat, silver dollar sized areolas were fully on display. Large pink targets for anyone to see. The dark crimson coronas tightened up along with her erect nipples. Nakashima couldn't help himself
"Come here," he beckoned to Liz.
She did.
He backed her up to a wall and started to play with her tits and cunt.
"Mr. Nakashima. I don't think that is appropriate." I said.
"She doesn't have clothes. She is nude. I am invited."
"Yes, I understand that. Maybe a misunderstanding. Do you want to complete the tour?"
"No, I want to have sex."
I looked at Liz.
"You are kidding me. Mr. Nakashima. That is not professional. I'm surprised."
"If we fuck, I'll buy."
Oh my.
He pressed her up against the wall. His custom-tailored British suit against her nudity shoving his clothed knee in between her thighs and up her crotch. Liz looked at me, and then grabbed his hair and said, "Mr. Nakashima I want you," unzipped his slacks and pulled his surprisingly large, uncut cock into her hand.
"Oh Mr. Nakashima!"
He was semi-hard and I could see the head peeking out from his foreskin, but not for long as Liz's hand worked its magic.
The dude had a long cock. Not fat, but long. I wondered if he did porn as a young man. I made a mental note to check online later.
She was stroking his cock having fun with the foreskin. Apparent this wasn't the first time she played with one.
She started helping Nakashima to shed his pants and dropped to her knees still holding his cock jutting out from unshaved, wiry, black pubic hair. With her other hand, Liz began exploring his package while stroking him, the foreskin going up and down over the head.
Since I am circumcised, I watched with fascination as the frenar band enclosing the front of his foreskin expanded and contracted as it moved up and down exposing the glans and then covering it once again. I could see his head start to swell and redden.
Liz looked up at him. "Mr. Nakashima I think you are about to cum."
He grunted something in Japanese and shoved his cock into Liz's mouth just as he started to cum hard and fast. I watched as his long cock expanded, his balls tightened and it started throbbing and pulsing into Liz's mouth as she gulped and swallowed attempting to drink every drop.
He relaxed and pulled his softening cock out of her mouth. We all stood there calming down from one of the hottest sex acts I have ever experienced.
After a while he said, "I guess fucking is no longer necessary. Shall we negotiate price?"
"Yes sir! But may I suggest you might be more comfortable if you got cleaned up first, Mr. Nakashima. The bathroom is to your right." He grabbed his clothes and went waddling off to the john.
"Liz was wiping her mouth straightening out her outfit. "The bonus still stands. Right?"
"Hell yes if we get his signature on the contract."
We did.
Liz and I stood at the door thanking Mr. Nakashima and waving goodbye. I turned to her and wiped a bit of his cum off her face just below her nose.
"I having been waiting to do that!"
She took my finger and licked it clean, and kissed me deeply mixing our saliva and whatever remnants of Nakashima remained.
"How much money did we make today exactly?"
I told her. I watched her mentally calculate her commission and bonus.
"I want to fuck you."
"Hell yeah."
She pulled me upstairs into the sleeping loft. Obviously now our sex spot in the property, and started to push me onto the floor.
"Wait. I want to see you strut."
"What?"
"You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen nude in real life. Perfection. I liked how you were parading before. Please do it again. Show off for me."
"OK, but only if you do this," and she reached into my pants, pulled out my hard cock and put my hand on it.
"You've been hard for over an hour. If you want me to give you live porn on parade, stroke it for me and show me how much you appreciate the show."
I grabbed my shaft and started stroking.
She started to glide around the space once again showing off like a model at a fashion show.
"You said you'd tell me about the roses."
"My dad called me 'his rose.' They remind me of him."
"Of course," I thought.
"Right. I'm sorry if that brought up bad memories."
"Nope. Good ones." She kept walking around modeling for me.
"Ready to fuck yet?" I stroked my cock and motioned her along.
Liz walked towards the back of the room, struck a pose and stopped.
I was spanking my cock hard and getting really aroused.
"You better get your ass over here soon!"
She did, laying down in front of me.
"Fuck me. Fuck me now."
I didn't need a second invitation. I rolled on top of Liz and poised my cock in front of her wet lips rubbing the head up and down to tease her and get it wet.
I looked into her eyes. "You know I am going to fuck you hard and without mercy. Right?"
She nodded, and I shoved my cock in balls deep without foreplay or further warning.
Liz let out a yelp in pain as I shoved in and banged into her cervix. I didn't care, and started fuck her like she was a $10 whore in Tijuana pounding her for my own pleasure as my balls slapped against her ass.
"Oh yes," she moaned. "So fucking thick. Do you like it inside me?"
I shoved it in even harder in reply, grabbed both of her arms, put them over her head and held them there firmly, riding her hard grunting with each stroke.
I plunged in all the way balls deep and started to grind against her clit. Another circling, rubbing her clit against my pelvic bone. She started masturbating her body against my hard cock buried all the way up her, my cockhead hitting her cervix once more as she ground deeper and deeper.
She said, "I'm going to cum"!
And did screaming as I did the same pumping my hot spunk deep inside her pussy.
I laid onto of her, both panting and sweating.
"We had a good day. Shall we continue with my next one?"
She nodded yes.
We did.