DOLLIE, THOSE THREE, AND ME ... Chicago Style
Somewhere around north Chicago early 70's.
From 1972 to 1974 I had a red 1972 Gran Torino station wagon and fold down RV camper. We were camped along Lake Michigan in the State Park. See, that's how I remember, from material things of the past, and my scribbled notes.
We'd had Chicago Style pizzas from the local grocery stores in central Illinois. But we were sure the real thing was different. We needed a change of pace from hotdogs and burgers on the grille at camp.
Lots of tits and ass and some flashing around the beach by Dollie and a few others. But a nearly deserted campground and semi secluded hiking trails left us both bored and horny. Time for a ride into the big city. I followed the signs to a pizza joint still north of Chicago..
Dollie was wearing a micro mini and most likely a bikini top. We only wanted pizza. Nothing more. A couple of old guys were working inside. At least six or eight gals and a couple of guys, most looking like maybe 20 to 25 were inside. Us in our early thirties acting like teenagers.
This may have been our first experiences around Goth guys and gals, like we'd seen in some of the custom car magazines. They were sort of creepy yet sexy. Dollie and I didn't know how to act or react. But would soon find out.
The pizza place must have been near Lake Michigan, a beach, or a pool because I remember most of the gals wore bikinis, shorts, mini skirts or tiny tops. Three of them had on tiny short skirts. The guys, Speedo type swim suits like I had on under my jeans.
All were friendly and eating pizza or hotdogs, drinking soda. Someone suggested the small Deluxe Chicago style pizza. Okay, as we waited, tits and ass became the topic. One of the young men began daring Dollie to show her boobs and what was under her skirt. Why does this always happen to us?
With my help it became a double dare. "You gals show yours and she'll show hers."
I quickly explained that Dollie can't show you under her skirt because she has no panties on. I also questioned if any of this was legal and permissible. As old guys sometimes are, those two pizza shop owners/employees were horny. They quickly said that gals often remove their tops and are welcome to remove anything they want while dining here.
One of the owners laughed and said "don't worry, normal people don't come in here."
We doubted the nudity but most of the group there seemed to be regular customers and agreed it happens. Quicker than you read this, all three mini skirted gals stood, dropped their panties, had their tits out and their skirts hiked to their waists. Cute little bodies, titties, and bald pussy clits with numerous piercings and small tattoos.
"More", some of the boys yelled. "We want to see those cunts spreads wide."
The three gals spread their skinny little legs, using their fingers, spread their pussies. Almost as fast, at least two younger gals in bikinis had their tops and bottoms down exposing their itty bitty titties and more narrow slits. No matter how much begging, those last two wouldn't spread their lips. Probably a good thing. Yet I assumed everyone was of age since they all were drinking beer.
Dollie was double dared! What could she do? She looked at me, removed her top and pulled her skirt up to her waist. Again, just a bald slit. I nearly forgot, Dollie had piercing's by then. She had a belly button ring, nipple rings, and a small ring in one pussy lip. Although she'd planned to do the other lip, it hurt too bad when she occasionally tried. For years, Dollie lived with an unbalanced vagina. To display it better she added a belly button dangly thing to the small labia ring.
Seeing her lip piercing always attracts more attention to her vagina. The guys, and the girls now, told Dollie they want a better look at how that ring is attached. She also has to show her pussy spread wide like theirs were. Actually their cunts were no longer spread and before only briefly. But we did get a quick peek at pink.
Dollie, a semi pro exhibitionist by now, sat up on the edge of a heavy picnic table, leaned back as I held her up, legs spread wide, and with both hands she spread her cunt as wide as she could. I'd trained her well!
Pretty much everyone, especially the two old pizza shop owners, rushed closer to stare into that gaping wet pink cavity. Uncomfortable, Dollie didn't remain that way long, yet long enough. One at a time, the three mini skirt wearing young girls repeated Dollie's exhibition on a nearby table in the tiny pizza parlor.
Our pizza arrived, all of the gals dressed, minus their panties. We ate and we all talked about being exhibitionists. Still teasing me, the three in mini skirts sat near us, randomly spreading their legs for my enjoyment. As I sat looking at the three little cunts and my good Chicago Style pizza, Dollie most likely displayed her pussy to others.
We talked about how we play these games along Lake Michigan and the many parks and marinas north of Chicago. I paid our bill, thanked everyone, and headed for the door. We were invited back for pizza and pussy games by the old pizza shop guys. Always a good sign.
The three sexy gals in mini skirts walked out with us. They invited us to meet someplace another day to play flashing games in public. Plans were made to meet at the park where we were camped to join in tit and ass games later in the week. It never happened. Plans are made. Plans are broken. We've learned to take advantage of every opportunity that comes along. Sometimes we never get another chance.
-
I'll admit that most of our pizza joint games were only supposed to be tit flashing games. But we did have several more pussy games over the years. Most of those were only quick ass or pussy exposures. After all, these are public places and you never know who's gonna walk in the door.
Normally, Dollie is only sitting with her mini skirt hiked up to show her bare pubic area. Occasionally her skirt is lifted showing her ass to tease as we leave a place. It all takes luck, the right group of partners, and hope that no one else walks in at the wrong times.
I write about pizza parlors. We also spent much time in other restaurants and small local bars, many were tittie bars, better known as small strip clubs.
Actually it was at the small hometown bars where our tit and ass games began. Being at the right places at the right times made those other games happen. I was normally lucky to see one bare pussy now and then. Seeing that many spread pussy's in a pizza shop was a one time thing with Dollie's help.
You just can't plan this stuff! I know, we tried!