Editor's note: this story contains scenes of incest or incest content.
***
Several weeks after all this started, Ben and I were in a routine of catching up two or three times a week. Sometimes we just talked photography, sometimes we just flirted and teased and other times we all but fucked each other down the camera. There were a few close calls when one or the other of the kids came home earlier than expected or I hadn't heard the clock chime three but so far we had been lucky.
Ben was helping me expand my horizons and push my boundaries in the most delicious of ways. I was almost permanently naked now except for when someone else was home but I still wanted more. He started daring me to do things like shopping in short dresses and no underwear. That was an easy one but it surprised me how much it turned me on feeling the breeze on my pussy. Then he had me go to the local mall in the same outfit and make sure I used the escalators a lot. That one nearly drove me wild. The trip there and back on the bus was an adventure in itself and I left a definite damp patch on the seat on my return trip.
The next time I spoke to Ben though things changed dramatically. I was sitting at the computer in just my t-shirt again, waiting with growing excitement for him to come on. I always wore the shirt at first just in case he had visitors or Cindy was home but as soon as the all clear was given I would strip my shirt off to be naked again. I wondered briefly if I was becoming addicted to this in the same way that some people become addicted to drugs. I guess in some ways I was.
I had been telling Ben about the fact that I had a potential model, I had been having coffee fairly regularly with Cathy since we got to know each other that day and she was showing more and more interest. I could tell by the speed of Ben's stroking that he was just as excited about this as I was. I told him that I had also caught her looking over the fence a couple of times when I was naked in the yard and how much it turned me on to know that she was watching me.
I asked him about how he directed his models and I was excited about potentially having a model to direct. I was excited about the prospect of someone doing what I told them and truth be told I was kind of looking forward to corrupting her a little. I wanted to see how far I could push her. Partly because I just liked the idea of being in control like that but mostly because I wanted a friend I could share this with.
I know the whole situation with Ben would forever be a secret but I wanted so badly now to be naked around people. The nearest nudist beach to us was hundreds of kilometers away, believe me I checked, two hundred and thirty seven to be exact, but the reality was that there was no way I could go somewhere that far away and not get asked a lot of questions I couldn't easily answer.
I also told Ben about some things I had on order from e-bay for the photography, backdrops and some cheap studio lights that hopefully I could put to some decent use. Ben was really excited to see what I could come up with but I wasn't expecting the response he gave.
"That will be great, I can help you set them up when I come down to help Jerome when he shifts into the share house for college."
I was surprised to say the least.
"I didn't know you were coming here. When was that decided?"
"Jerome asked me to help when he found out the dates he was moving. I'm sorry Sis, I assumed you knew."
"Bloody typical. Nobody tells me anything anymore. I assume Geoff knows all about it?"
"Well yeah. That's why Jerome asked for my help. Apparently Geoff is going to be away that weekend. He has some kind of work thing on."
"What the fuck? When was he planning on telling me any of this?"
"I really am sorry Sis, I assumed you knew."
"Oh it's not your fault Ben but those two will be getting a stern talking to later."
I was really pissed off at the pair of them for not telling me what was going on and what the hell was Geoff up to? Ben could see I was pissed off but he did give me food for thought.
"I know your angry but for what it's worth Sis it does mean we will have the car ride back to your place to ourselves."
He had a cheeky grin and to be honest it was hard to stay angry as I started imagining all the possibilities. We had to cut our call short after that because Ben received a work related call that he had to take. I was a bit cranky too because I really needed some release today. Between not being able to play and hearing the news second hand about Geoff and Jerome I was definitely not in a good mood.
Chapter Ten.
To say I wasn't a happy camper by the time everyone was home was a major understatement. Jerome was convinced he had talked to me about it but I know I would have remembered him telling me if for no other reason I would have been nervous about Ben actually coming here. It was one thing to flirt and play on the computer the way we had been but I knew I wouldn't be able to resist if he made a move in person and that was another matter all together.
Geoff was his typical noncommittal self. When I asked him about his work thing he gave me some story about how the company was restructuring and he would be doing more of these trips out of town now.
"How often will you have to be going to these things?"
"Probably about once a month at the moment. Not really sure yet."
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"You haven't been in the mood to talk much lately. "
"What is that supposed to mean?"
"Well you never come to bed with me anymore. You always wait until I'm in bed then go have a shower. I'm usually asleep by the time you get in or near enough to it."
"Geoff we've had the same routine for years. You normally talk to me when I get in bed but lately you have just been rolling over without saying anything. I assumed you were tired."
We both seemed nervous as we were getting very close to facing the reality of our relationship and we looked around to make sure the kids weren't in hearing distance. I lowered my voice.
"You aren't even interested in making love anymore."
He at least had the decency to look a bit embarrassed at that.
"Well it seems like that's all you are interested in any more. Always wanting it and going off to masturbate in the bathroom when you think I've gone to sleep. Are you turning into some kind of nympho?"
I was shocked. It was like he had slapped me. So many thoughts were running through my head. I wanted to scream at him but I knew that wouldn't help the situation at all. It took me forever to come up with a reply and when it came out of my mouth I wasn't even sure where it had come from. It was like listening to someone else use my voice.
"And what is so wrong with that? There was a time when you would have encouraged me. So I want to make love; Is that such a crime? Why is it that you don't? Why don't you want me anymore?"
The look on his face was a slow torture. He went from looking embarrassed to confused to angry. In the end he didn't even respond. He just turned around and walked off with his fists clenched.
I spent the rest of the night talking to Jerome as I started to help him with the start of his packing. He could tell something was wrong but he diligently avoided discussing anything that he thought might upset me and in the end we spoke about all his plans for college. I knew he was excited to be starting this new phase of his life and I was excited for him. I couldn't help but picture his room empty which saddened me but then I started picturing it set up as a photo studio and suddenly I was excited again. The possibilities really had me thinking.
After dinner we all kind of went about our own thing instead of sitting down as a family. It wasn't unheard of for us to do that but it was uncommon. Beth was in the office doing some homework and Jerome had gone back to packing his room. I was in the kitchen doing the evenings dishes and Geoff was alone in the lounge room watching television although he seemed to be more interested in his phone than in what was on t.v. I was really beginning to have my suspicions about what he was up to but then was I any better?
I really didn't know how to feel about it. Up until now it had all been a fun game. With Ben coming here though and knowing that Geoff would be away it had just stepped up a level and it made me feel incredibly nervous. It was one thing to do what we had but knowing I wouldn't be able to say no to Ben sliding his cock into me made me almost giddy. It scared the hell out of me but at the same time I wanted it so bad. Did I have any right to feel pissed off at Geoff for his behavior if mine was no better? If he was having an affair though I was really curious to know who with. Strangely enough it wasn't making me angry to think of him fucking someone else, I was more curious to know who he had chosen. I guess that was a sure enough sign of a broken relationship right there.
It wasn't until later that night, after everyone had gone to bed, that I sat there lying awake wondering what I was truly thinking. Was I genuinely planning on having an affair? Was what we had been doing already an affair? If it came down to it could I go through with it? Did I actually want to? Then it dawned on me that the answer was yes. Yes, yes and ooh yes. I felt like an excited teenager on the verge of being felt up for the first time and my pussy was fair squirming at the thought of it.