Orange moon above the hills behind the town, icicles decorating every tree and garden lattice, miniature snowdrifts in the ornate pathway down the hill from the Morrisons' house to the guest cottage where Maura had lately been banished, a dazzling cold white afterglow on every surface in the December night, the stray snowflakes dotting her coat and her hair, the bustle of the impending Christmas party in the house behind her but not a soul in sight ahead...Maura was chilled to the bone, but she was elated. If one had to spend Christmas Eve alone, there couldn't be a more bucolic setting for all she had in store!
Sharon's stern "We've had all we need ofyourhelp for the day!" was still ringing in Maura's ears as she unlocked the cottage door, but she didn't begrudge her boss at all. Sharon and Bill may have been Maura's one and only failure to date in her bizarre but rewarding self-styled career, but they had also taught her a great deal about how lucky she was to have embraced her own free spirit so completely. She did, though, feel sorry for their son, Lee, up there all alone now with his insufferable parents until their even stuffier friends arrived for the party. For that reason and that reason only, she had accepted Bill's invitation to come back up the hill to join the party once it was underway.
Lee's parents reminded Maura entirely too much of her own parents. But she was safely beyond the reach of their judgmentalism and everyone else's in her hateful little hometown, and soon enough Lee would be able to say the same. Thank heavens.
Now, as she flipped on the lights and stepped into the cottage -- small and cold as an icebox until she could get the fire started, but it was home -- Maura could feel her resolve about the party slipping. It would be so much easier to curl up on the couch before a roaring fire and enjoy her own company all night long -- her fingers were more than willing! But Lee needed her. He was only eighteen, and he still had the spark of a bright future in his eye that she had never seen in either of his parents, and she just couldn't leave him to fend for himself with that crowd on Christmas Eve! She chose, though, not to dwell on that for the moment. The next hour or so was hers alone and she intended to make the most of it. After removing her coat despite the chill and plugging in the lights on the Christmas tree, it was time to light the fire.
After dropping two lit matches into the waiting firewood, Maura held her cold hands over the hearth in urgent anticipation. A long, stressful day of perpetual arousal was finally over, and her insides were ticklish with the knowledge of what she planned to do with those hands once they and the cottage were warm enough. Was it the chill that had her nipples hard as diamonds, or was it her plans for the immediate future? Or was it simply that it was nearly Christmas, a time of year when she had always seemed to get wound up more easily than ever?
Probably all three, she mused, deliciously aware of the warm, wet sensation between her thighs against the chilly, dry air and enjoying the sweet torture of not giving in just yet to the arousal that had been teasing her all day.
After a few uncertain moments, the bright crackling of the pitchwood gave birth to a small but sturdier flame from the big oak log, putting an official end to Maura's long work day. Satisfied now that the entire guest cottage would soon be the toasty oasis she had been envisioning all day up at the Morrisons' house, she turned on the radio and took a moment to admire the dazzling rainbow of Christmas lights and their fleeting illumination of the gloom outside the window. While it wasn't yet warm enough to get down to business, Maura was already feeling overcome with the holiday mystique that had christened her panties repeatedly throughout the day, and was once again doing so now. As they were now feeling absolutely sopping and the air was still quite cold, Maura reached under her skirt with both hands and pulled them down. Pleased but unsurprised to find them damp to the touch, she laid them out on the hearth next to her boots to dry.
As she returned to the front door to turn the overhead lights off -- the tree and the fire now offered a much more fitting glow, after all -- a last look out the window and up the hill to the Morrisons' once again tempted her to forget about the party. Now that the little room was warming up quickly, it was ever so tempting to continue undressing! Maura knew full well that if she removed her bra, the battle would be lost. That always was the moment that meant she was in for the night, after all. Of course, she realized with a chuckle as she gazed out at the wind-driven snow, she could always go to the party braless. Lee would no doubt love that, at least, and she rather suspected Bill would as well. But it was already a minor miracle that Sharon hadn't fired her, and given what a terror she'd been all day today, Maura didn't care to push her luck any further. And so she left the rest of her clothes on for the time being.
Amidst the crackling of the fire, the radio's latest offer -- of Frank Sinatra singing about 'greetings from relatives you don't know' -- only fueled Maura's sense of holiday joy as she reflected on all that she had escaped back in her hometown. When the Wallaces had hired her as a housekeeper and tutor out in California the summer after college, she had fully expected it to be just a summer reprieve before plunging into the real world. Certainly she hadn't for a moment imagined a career as a hands-on marriage counselor of any sort -- was there even such a thing beyond herself?! But that one daring decision to walk naked from the shower back to her bedroom in full view of Mr. Wallace had changed everything. It -- or rather she -- had saved the Wallaces' marriage, and had led through word of mouth to other families where she had worked her magic again and again. The Weinzapfels in Palo Alto, the Lorays in Chicago, the Parkers in Dallas -- Mrs. Parker was the first and only woman Maura had been intimate with, and although she was straight, she had found it surprisingly enjoyable -- and a few shorter-term jobs along the way, always leaving them a lot happier than she'd found them.
Until the Morrisons.
With them, Maura's usual approach had only gotten her kicked out of the big house and banished to the cottage. They likely would have fired her but for her remarkable success in getting Lee's studies back on track, which was only one of a dozen or more things she adored about Lee. He had, for example, been such a sweetheart through the very long day that had just ended, putting up so well with his mother's worse-than- usual nastiness and concentrating on their lessons together. Maura only wished she could have snuggled with Lee throughout the afternoon lessons rather than just sitting across the dining room table from him, both of them doing their best to ignore his mother's horrible mood, and reassured him that Christmas wouldn't always be so stressful.
She could, of course, always tell him that should they get a moment alone at the party. But that thought only served to remind her that her time alone in the cottage was fleeting.
When "Sleigh Ride" ended and the radio cut to a commercial, Maura was shaken out of her worries about Lee long enough to notice that the fire was doing its job nicely. Time to get down to business! At last she lay back on the couch with her legs over the side and let her skirt ride up around her hips, just as she'd spent the day looking forward to doing. She wiggled her back against the cushion to get things rolling; if she was stuck in her bra for now, at least she could make the satin caress her nipples a bit, and it felt delightful as always. But not nearly as delightful as her fingers, still a bit chilly but not too bad, as she parted her vulva with her left hand and moistened three fingers on her right hand with her own arousal.
"Mmmmmmmmmm." The first noise she made out loud -- even she could hear the deep contentment that came with the first luscious strokes about her lips and clit as she teased them just a bit to get started. If the room was only warm at this point, Maura was hot. That she couldn't see her pussy from her angle on the couch only added to the pleasure of it all; the idea that in theory someone could see it from outside (having made a career out of her exhibitionism, she had never given any thought to drawing the curtains) made her positively giddy with arousal. Such exposure was not new to Maura!
Although Maura had a wild imagination and didn't lack for old-favorite fantasies stretching well back into her teenage years, her unorthodox career path meant she rarely had to bother with fantasies anymore. She could just recall the real-life situations she had created and participated in. From that first poolside encounter with the Wallaces to the way Mr. Loray always gazed so endearingly at her bush as if it were a magical creature to the thrill of teaching Mrs. Parker to masturbate -- to say nothing of Maura's deep admiration for Mrs. Parker's mature yet sleek body -- and most of all, the thrill of putting herself on display for one and all, Maura was spoiled for choice. Tonight, she made no effort to bother trying to choose, but simply allowed a slide show of her greatest hits to meander across her mind as her fingers meandered across her womanhood.
Maura was prodded back even further when "Marshmallow World" came on the radio. She slowed down her stroking but kept her fingers nestled gently in her bush as she gazed at the ceiling and remembered letting that song turn her to mush when she was younger. How she had looked forward to being someone's favorite girl...and how many times she'd had to listen to that line before hearing it correctly! For the longest time she'd been sure Dean Martin was calling for "a walk with your figury girl". Though Maura had always been fairly sure "figury" wasn't a word, hearing that line back when she was still trying to get used to having breasts and curves of her own had made her think it certainly ought to be a word! If she wasn't yet anyone's favorite girl, she could always be their figury one, and even then she'd learned how thinking that way could get a young woman into the most delicious sort of trouble -- the same trouble that had inspired her to get the hell out of town as soon as she was old enough. Now she found herself prouder than ever of how she had chosen not to care what the popular girls had whispered behind her back in those days -- nowadays, they were the ones she got paid to coax back into bed with their husbands, after all!
Maura laughed out loud at all that as she resumed rubbing her clit slowly and gently. It further thrilled her that from her position on the couch, she couldn't quite see over her breasts to her hands, though she could see just a stray wisp or two of her bush as her fingers went to town on it. They danced across her pussy just as merrily as the music and the lights and the now-roaring fire, and Maura was almost able to forget for the moment that she was alone for Christmas and would have to go back out in the cold later on. Whatever else was wrong, this moment was right and pleasant and just as jolly as Christmas itself.
Just as Maura was about to come, a knock at the door brought her crashing back from fantasyland to the couch. Feeling her face flush in spite of her earlier conviction that she didn't care who saw what, she cast a panicked look at the window. There was no one in sight, so perhaps she'd lucked out and whoever was at the door hadn't peeped in on her. Even if he (or she -- it always could have been Sharon?) had, Maura told herself defiantly that she didn't mind a bit as she sat up and then got to her feet. "Coming!" she called out.
Bill, no doubt, Maura thought as she walked to the door. The way he'd always looked at her even as he ordered her to keep her clothes on in the house from now on, she'd always figured he'd break down and make a pass at her sooner or later. Sharon presented the bigger challenge, but Maura had to admit that probably just wasn't going to happen. Either way, her evening was about to get a lot more interesting, for better or worse...
...Or both. When Maura opened the door, she was greeted not with Bill or Sharon, but their son. He wasn't wearing a coat and had clearly been crying.
"Lee!" Maura stepped aside and ushered him inside. "You'll freeze to death out there! Come in!"
"I'm sorry, Maura," he whimpered. "I know it's your time off, but I had nowhere else to go."
"Sorry nothing!" Maura shut and locked the door. "You're always welcome here, you know that."
"I didn't want to..." he began, looking everywhere in the room but at Maura. His voice trailed away and he resumed the crying he'd clearly been trying too hard to hide. "So pathetic. I'm sorry. I'm such a whiner, just like Mom says!"
"No!" Maura took him in her arms. "Whatever it is, Lee, go ahead and let it out. You'll feel better. I should know, this time of year." She cradled his head against her shoulder so he could dry his tears on her dress. "It's okay. You don't need to explain. And it's not whining if you've got a good reason to be upset. Christmas would be a lot merrier if everyone could accept that. Hecklifewould be a lot merrier!"
"Thank you, Maura." He returned her hug, and soon enough his crying subsided.
Though her heart ached for him and she was concerned over just what crummy things his mother had said now, Maura was thrilled to be holding him. They had grown close in the few months she'd been trudging up the hill every morning to tutor him, and she was bursting with pride at the likelihood that he'd be off to college next summer, less than a year late -- it could have ended so much worse for a kid like him who was caught in such a lousy situation at home. Maura knew that all too well. And unlike most of her previous charges, he was eighteen...but he was still her student, and some lines ought not be crossed. That was now most joyfully out the window as she enjoyed the pleasure of comforting him and feeling his arms around her as well.
His sobbing faded away to nothing and soon they were left only with the radio, but she let him go on holding her for as long as he wanted to. Finally she said, "Honestly, Lee, I was worried about you all alone up there with your parents. I was going to come back up for the party, just to make sure you'd have a friend in the room."
"No need for that now," Lee said. "I'm not welcome at the party. Mom told me I could go spend the night with -- with you. I know she had no right to do that."
"It's perfectly fine, Lee, you're welcome to stay with me." And on that note, Maura felt a jolt of bliss as it occurred to her what might be in the cards for the night -- and she wouldn't have to go to the party for it! "Now, I said you don't owe me an explanation, but if you want to talk about it..."
Lee drew back and stepped over to hold his hands out to the fire. "I do want to, but...oh, Maura, I'm afraid it's about you. She called you a...a..."
"A slut?" Maura wasn't the least bit surprised or offended.
Lee nodded. "I'm sorry."
"Don't be. I know what your mother thinks of me, and I'm afraid I know why. But might I ask how my name came up?"
"I was just minding my own business, trying to eat my dinner, and I splashed a little bit of gravy on the tablecloth, and she just went off the deep end about what a couple of worthless slobs Dad and I both are, what a pig sty the whole place was whenever we were around, and how was the party ever going to come off with me there. 'You just sit there like a perfect angel all day with that slut Maura!' she screamed, 'And you can never behave yourself with your own family!' Well, I was scared out of my mind the way I always get when she's pissed off, but I just couldn't take that! I jumped up and said, 'What the hell did Maura do to you?!' And Mom...I don't know, maybe she got started too early on the wine or something, but she gave me some nonsense about you walking around naked upstairs and that's why she made you move out of the house. Then Dad speaks up about how much you've helped me get my life back together -- and it's true, Maura, you have -- and I just had to go and agree with him and say I love studying with you, and there's no need for her to talk about you like that. And..." His voice trailed away and the tears started again.
"And what?" Maura asked, rubbing his back to comfort him.
"And she smacked me across the face and chased me out the back door. 'You can go stay with that bitch if you're so fond of her! You don't belong at our party anyway!' Oh, Maura, she wouldn't even let me get my coat, and all the way down the hill I was thinking if you weren't here or wouldn't let me in..."
"I am and I did!" Once again Maura took him in her arms. "Lee, your mother's got problems. None of this is your fault. Some of it is mine, but mostly it's just that your parents need help. Help I was supposed to give them, but I went about it the wrong way, and for that I'm sorry, okay? But it's not your fault, and you're safe here. And I want you to know I'm very proud of you for working through everything to do as well as you've done in your studies, too. Just don't blame yourself for any of this."
"Thanks, Maura." Lee gave her another squeeze, and once again the tears stopped. "But what do you mean some of it is your fault? My mother was already a misery to live with long before you got here! And I mean, nothing you could've done means you deserve her telling people you were going around our house naked!"
Maura took a deep breath. "Lee, I'm afraid I did do that."
"What?!" Lee did his best to look shocked, but Maura could see he looked more titillated than anything. As he eyed her up and down in the red and green print dress she'd worn today specifically because of the party where they were both now unwelcome, she had no doubt he was imagining what she'd look like without it, and she was perfectly fine with that.
"Please don't be angry, Lee. You were never supposed to know."
"I'm not angry!" Lee promised. "I'm...I guess, amused, really. But mostly curious. Why would you do a thing like that?"
"Lee, there's something you obviously don't know about me. Your parents didn't either, when they hired me, but the friends who recommended me to them did." She turned and went to the kitchen. "Want some eggnog? I'll tell you all about it."
"Um...yeah, sure! Mom and Dad are having that at their party, but it's spiked."
"Oh, mine will be, too," Maura told him as she turned on the kitchen light. She reached above the refrigerator and brought down a bottle of brandy. "But I won't tell if you won't. Of course, I could make yours without..."
"No, that's okay!" Lee didn't even bother trying to hide his laugh.
"I thought you might feel that way," Maura said, retrieving two glasses from the cupboard. She poured a bit of the spirit into each as Lee helped himself to the carton in the refrigerator. "Don't worry, I won't get either of us drunk." Lee handed her the eggnog carton and sat down at the tiny kitchen table with an expectant look on his face. "Oh, don't be silly, Lee," Maura told him. "We're going to enjoy this in the living room, with the Christmas tree and the roaring fire and the music on the radio."
"Oh, okay," Lee said. "I just thought it might get a little...heavy."
"All the more reason to be in pleasant surroundings." Maura put the carton back in the refrigerator and handed him one of the glasses. "Besides, there's no reason for it to be heavy. Not unless you're a prudish busybody like your mother. I'm sorry, Lee, but she is."
"Oh, I know!" Lee said. "That and worse. It always hits the worst at Christmas, too."
"Yes, well," Maura sat down at one end of the couch and patted the cushion beside her. Lee, though looking uncertain, followed her lead and sat by her side, and she put her free arm around him. "That, Lee, is why your parents' friends recommended me. It didn't work this time, and that's why I live here now instead of up the hill with you. But I certainly consider you a success story. I've already said how proud of you I am!"
"Thanks," Lee said. "But what's that got to do with you prancing around naked up there?"
Maura burst into laughter. "God, it sounds so absurd, doesn't it? Well, really, itisabsurd. But it's a living, or was until this fall. Lee, I've created a fairly bizarre career for myself, and it does involve just what you heard. But of course there's more to it than just that. Lee, people encourage their friends to hire me -- as a housekeeper or a tutor or both -- because they're concerned for their friends. Their marriage is on the rocks, or they're having trouble communicating with one another, or they just need help spicing up their life together, but they're not up to asking for help. And I help, without them knowing at first that's what I'm doing."
"You help by stripping for them?"
"Well, maybe I should tell you how it started, Lee."
Her first employers, the Wallaces, had a McMansion just off the beach near San Diego. They were rather less stuffy than the Morrisons but no less unhappy. Maura had discovered as much early on in her time as a live-in domestic helper and tutor for Mrs. Wallace, who was from Argentina and still learning to speak English. Maura hadn't been hired to do anything sexier than teach and clean; but it hadn't taken long at all to see that Mrs. Wallace was somewhat spoiled and Mr. Wallace was rather chauvinistic, and neither one much good at communicating about it all.
There was one thing Mr. Wallace was quite good at, and that was finding himself in the right place at the right time to see Maura going to and from the shower, or the outdoor pool on her afternoons off. She knew what he wanted, of course, and for years she had often imagined giving a dirty old man just that, simply to see how the dog reacted when he finally caught the car. One morning in the shower, she decided to go ahead and give it to Mr. Wallace. When she was done washing up, Maura patted herself dry, dried and brushed her hair, hung her towel on the rod, and emerged from the bathroom stark naked for the walk back to her room. "Good morning, Mr. Wallace," she said with the same smile and intonation she'd have used while fully clothed, and she was rewarded with the silly man's jaw dropping as he gawked at her breasts and bush.
That could have been the end of it, of course; and Maura had expected to be fired the moment she got her jeans and top on. Instead she'd opened her bedroom door Mr. Wallace grinning at her and asking if she could talk Mrs. Wallace into doing that.
"Well, gee, I could try," she had said. "But I think she'd rather you gave it a try than to have me do it."
"She doesn't want to see me naked! I'm just Mister Moneybags to her!"
"That's not what I see when she looks at you, Mr. Wallace. She looks to me like a woman craving intimacy but who doesn't know how to ask for it. Most of us don't, you know, since we get called sluts growing up if we like sex. Believe me, I know."
"How did you learn, then, Maura?"
"I decided I didn't care who thought I was a slut."
Her free-spirited prank had worked its magic on the Wallaces, if only because Mr. Wallace was probably hoping for another free look at Maura's body. Whatever his motivation, in any case, he had taken her suggestion that very afternoon, ambling out to the pool with nothing on for an afternoon skinnydip, surprising and delighting his wife when she'd looked up from the text Maura was helping her with. Maura had looked on shamelessly at his oddly endearing nudity while Mrs. Wallace had jumped up to join him in the pool, where he charmed her with his newfound voice, keeping it PG-rated until Maura had excused herself and gone inside.
She never knew what had happened next, but she did know that when Mrs. Wallace had arrived for breakfast and morning lessons the next day, she had thanked Maura and hugged her so fiercely it was a struggle to breathe. By the time she parted ways with the Wallaces six months later, the two of them had fallen as madly in love as they should have before they were married; and naked afternoons at the pool were commonplace for all three of them and the occasional guest.
"I know it sounds crazy, Lee, but it was a wonderful experience, helping these people get in touch with themselves and one another, and helping them get really intimate for the first time," Maura reflected now.
"But why did you leave if it was so wonderful?"
"They didn't need my help anymore, but they knew another couple who did. That's how I've found new jobs ever since. I give a couple the help they need, and when I'm done with them there's someone else they know with the same problem, and so on."
"So that's how you ended up here? Mom and Dad could use a little of that all right."
"Yes, well, I thought so too," Maura said. "But nothing works every time, especially not something as outlandish as what I do. Believe me, Lee, I never imagined this would be my career! And it is a little weird that first time, making a point of being seen naked by someone I barely know. Embarrassing, too. But so rewarding!"
"Until now," Lee sighed.
"Including now!" Maura corrected. "Lee, it didn't work out with your parents, but I'm awfully glad to have gotten to know you." She touched his knee. "And to have been here for you tonight. It was going to be a lonely evening, and I wasn't looking forward to going to the party!"
"Lonely?" Lee asked. "The way you looked when you opened the door, I thought you must have been awfully happy in here."
Maura dissolved into laughs. "Lee, did you peep in on me at the window?! It's okay if you did, really, I just want to know!"
"No! I would never do that! I just meant you seemed happy! The fire was going, the radio was on, and you had this nice, quiet place to yourself...oh, God, Maura, did I interrupt you...?"
"Yes, but it's perfectly fine, Lee, honest." Maura kissed his cheek. "You see, your mother's right about that, too. I'm a woman who enjoys a good time, and I'm used to people like her hating me for it. My own mother thought the same of me when I was your age, as a matter of fact."
Lee looked satisfied with that explanation. "I don't hate anyone for that," he promised. "I just have one more question. I don't need to know what my parents thought of...you, naked." He laughed at his own struggle to get the words out. "But how on earth did you avoid getting fired? I can't believe Mom only made you move down the hill."
"Well, Lee, I don't do that right away in any job!" Maura told him. "I take my time and get the lay of the land within the family and try to identify what the problem is. This time, I was pretty sure both your parents had simply stopped trying to communicate with one another."
"Too right!" Lee interjected.
"So I've seen. In any event, that took me some time to be sure of, and by the time I was, well, we had already started working on your lessons, and you were already improving a lot. So when your mother called me on the carpet for my indecent exposure, she said, 'I would put you on the next bus out of town, but you're a miracle worker with Lee and I won't throw that away.' Then she told me I was to move down here immediately, but I could still come teach you during the day, provided I always kept my clothes on in your presence." She laughed at the last bit.
"Well, that's too bad, isn't it?" Lee joked.
"It was only appropriate," Maura said. "Was. But Lee, you're not here tonight as my student, are you?"
"True enough!" Lee agreed. "So I guess I'm allowed to see you less than fully clothed?"
"You already are seeing me that way." Maura grinned and pointed at her panties on the hearth. Enjoying Lee's appreciative gawking at them and then at her, she explained, "They were wet. I took them off to dry."
"Maura!" Lee threw his head back and laughed, and then turned and kissed her. He aimed for her cheek, but she saw to it that he met her lips instead. She felt him flinch a tiny bit, but just as quickly he followed her lead and his mouth opened to meet hers. Without another word, he once again slid his arms around her and held tightly as their tongues wrestled playfully. Maura expected him to lose no time at all in grabbing at her breasts, but to her surprise he kept his hands on her back. He rubbed it gently up and down, again and again as they kissed, further stoking her desire for him to be a little more playful, yet enjoying the impromptu massage all the same. Not caring to push him too far too fast, she kept to his back and sides as well, though she longed to graze his chest with both hands and work her way downward.
The light petting went on for a few minutes, in a leisurely way Maura hadn't experienced in far too long, and she found it all delightful...but it also made her feel ravenous for more -- after all, Lee's arrivalhadinterrupted her on the edge of an orgasm. Sensing he was up for more as well, Maura got up and sat on Lee's lap, straddling and facing him. His face was an endearing combination of joy and longing as she untucked his shirt and he leaned in a bit to enable her to pull it up over his head. She got both it and his t-shirt off in one tug, and saw just what she had always suspected: that her modest, unassuming student had a beautiful broad chest. She could only hope he would find her body half as beautiful as she found his...but given the way he was looking at her, that seemed all but certain.
His chest was as sensitive as it was gorgeous, she discovered, for he gasped and sighed in deep appreciation as she rubbed him up and down with both hands. "Oh, Lee, that's so comforting," she cooed.
"For me too!" he replied in a husky whisper.
As Maura was coming to feel almost frustrated in her longing, she began to seriously consider ordering Lee to be more adventurous in his touching already. That proved unnecessary, though, as with a sly grin and a glance over her shoulder at the hearth, he slid one hand under her skirt. Maura felt a jolting thrill in her pussy even before he touched it, but a far more satisfying one when she finally did feel his fingers dancing through her curls and grazing her vulva ever so lightly. "Oooh! Lee! You don't need lessons in this, do you?!" She wiggled in pleasure and unbuckled his belt and unbuttoned his jeans, hoping he would help her off with her dress soon. Her drafty little abode washotnow, and not only due to the fire.
Once she had his pants unzipped, he fulfilled her wish. As Maura held her arms up to let him pull the dress over her head, she wondered briefly if he was a virgin. Probably not, she concluded, for he was much too good at foreplay to be inexperienced -- something he demonstrated once again by caressing both of her breasts deliciously through her bra, no sign at all of the squeezing too hard that was the hallmark of a man's first time. The lovely little tease also obviously could tell how badly she wanted to be out of her bra, the only thing she was still wearing; she could tell by his coy grin as he fingered the satin reverently but otherwise left it undisturbed.
Giving in to the sweet frustration for the moment, Maura decided she didn't care in the least if she were his first or not. There was little time for her to wonder about such trivialities anyway, as now that Lee could see her bush as well as feel it, his full attention returned down below. And with that attention came her favorite loss of control as she felt his middle finger easing its way inside. "Ohh! Yes!" She gripped his shoulder.
"So warm," Lee marveled in a near-whisper. "Feels beautiful."
"Wish you could feel how beautiful it is for me!" Maura managed to say between appreciative moans. Now with both hands clutching his shoulders, she gazed into his eyes and rocked back and forth as he swirled his finger about inside her. Having nearly come on her own before, she didn't take long at all to do so now. But when her joyful screeches made Lee slow down, she snapped, "Don't stop!" and, to his credit, he didn't. As he resumed whipping her up into another frenzy, Maura remembered her own unfinished business. She grazed her fingers down his chest and belly, meandering to her heart's content around and across his nipples several times before finally getting down to business. She had to stretch the waistband of his boxers to its very limit to free his hard cock, but the lovely sight of that first globule of precum glistening in the colorful light was ever so worth it.
"Oh God! Oh my God, Maura!" soon she had him singing in beautiful ragged harmony with her own response as she spread the wetness gently about his tip and rubbed all around it. "God, so good!" he grunted.
"And this will be even better!" she promised, at long last patting his hand to let him know he could give it a rest. With her other hand she gestured for him to turn aside and lie back, and presently she had him nestled beneath her on the couch and clutched inside her. Looking from the Christmas tree straight ahead and the lonely night outside to his adoring face beneath her on the couch and the glow of the twinkling lights before them and the fire behind them, Maura was absolutely elated. "Merry Christmas, Lee," she whispered as she went to town on him just as energetically as ever.
"Merry...Christmas...Maura!" She had him so wrapped up in their delicious rhythm that he could manage only one word between gasps. Maura herself was not at all sure she could have managed even that as she savored the beautiful jolts.
There were no more words except a few more "gonna come!"s from her for the next several minutes, but plenty of noise from them both before he came with a jolt and she plopped down atop him with a triumphant kiss. The afterglow lasted longer than Maura had normally known it to, but little wonder of that. She was stroking his hair and admiring the fire when it occurred to her, and her laugh burst their bubble in the nicest way it could have been burst. "Oh, dear..." she chuckled.
"What's up?" Lee asked.
"The funniest thing, Lee. When I first got home and got the fire going, well, you know what I was up to, and I was tempted to take all my clothes off, but I felt I just had to go join you at the party, so I kept them all on except my panties --"
"You always could've put them back on," Lee interrupted.
Maura shook her head. "Lee, you're a wonderful young man, but you are a young man. Which means there are certain things about women you still probably don't know. And one of those is, taking your bra off means you're in for the night. I knew if I took it off, I'd never have the willpower to put it back on and go back out in that cold. That's why I didn't undress."
All at once, Lee understood. "But here we are, definitely not going outside again tonight, plus we just made love, and you're still wearing your bra! Poor thing!"
Maura got up off the couch and presented her back to him. "Would you please release me?"
"And how!" He pushed his jeans the rest of the way down and kicked them off, and then at long last set Maura free for the night.
"You men will never know what a pleasure that is!" Maura declared, turning around to kiss him again and welcome his hands on her finally-bare breasts.
"Probably, but this is certainly a pleasure too," Lee said. Maura nodded and let him play with them until he dropped his hands, enjoying every precious stroke along the way.
He didn't keep his hands to himself for long. Maura suggested a bath before bed, and wasn't at all surprised to find most of his soapy attention focused on her breasts. "Keep it up, dear, they can never be too clean!" she reassured him at one point.
Lee rewarded her with another of his laughs. "Tell me honestly, Maura, have you ever had a Christmas like this before?"
"I sure wish I could tell you they were all so merry when you're grown up and on your own," Maura said. "But the answer is never! Mostly it's been one boring party after another with my family or the folks I'm working for at the time. To think how close that came to happening again!"
"Aw, too bad, but I kind of figured," Lee admitted. "I was hoping this might be something to look forward to, in college and after."
"Oh, but it is!" Maura said. She wanted to take his hands in hers, but on further reflection she preferred to let him continue washing her breasts. "Life is a great adventure if you let it be, Lee. Don't ever forget that. And don't let your parents make you feel guilty for living your life like an adventure! I never have."
"And are you happy that it landed you here with me on Christmas?"
"Elated, Lee! But you knew that!"
"Thank you. Yes, of course I did." He looked out the bathroom door into the bedroom, in the direction of his parents' house. "I wonder if Mom and Dad are happy at all up there at the party?"
Maura stood up to draw his attention to her body. "They probably are. But would you rather be there, or here?"
She was rewarded with the grin returning to Lee's face as he stood up as well and handed her a towel.
The queen-size brass bed took up most of the guest-cottage bedroom. "This was my parents' bed until I was about ten," Lee said as they stepped out of the bathroom, still patting Maura dry as he said it. "That was in our old house. It wasn't much bigger than this cottage."
Maura turned on the bedside lamp and turned to look at Lee. "Do you think they were happier then?" she asked.
"That's how I remember it at least," Lee said. "How did you know?"
"You and I have a lot in common, that's all," Maura said. Briefly she returned to the bathroom to hang up the towels, and Lee sat on the still-made bed and lay back. "I think that's how I came to be so good at this job -- I know the type all too well. You probably don't want to hear more than that about my own family, trust me."
Lee was listening, but his mind was wandering as he gazed expectantly at the bathroom door. He curled up on the bed in anticipation, which melted into pure bliss when Maura reappeared in the doorway. She saw it right away, and with an almost-shy smile she asked, "What is it, Lee?" Rather suspecting that she knew just what "it" was, she stood hands-on-hips in the doorway and welcomed his adoring gaze at her body.
"I'm sorry, Maura," he said. "It's just...so beautiful, and for this, people call you a slut?"
"It's a very unfair world, Lee. You'll be a lot happier in this life if you choose not to give a damn what other people think of you. And thank you. Believe me, Lee, tonight you made mefeelbeautiful."
Lee sat up and stretched out his legs, revealing that he was hard again. "Want to feel even more beautiful?" he asked.
"And how!" Maura stepped toward the bed.
"Wait, just one thing," Lee said. The way you looked just now, leaving the bathroom, is that how you looked to my parents? Or was it more of a swaggering, hey look at me approach?"
Maura stepped back into the doorway. "Well, first of all, Lee, to people like your parents, any nudity at all is going to look swaggering. But in any event, the way I always do that is to carry myself just like I would if I were fully clothed." She strode out past the bed, enjoying Lee's adoring gaze every step of the way. "Just like this...'Oh, good morning, Mrs. Morrison.' Knowing, of course, that I was going to shock her just by being comfortable with my body."
"God, what a shame everyone can't be like that." Lee sat up against the brass headboard, taking his cock in his hand and flicking gently at it while Maura pranced about.
"Consider it a gift for those of us who can," Maura said. Climbing onto the bed, she added, "Now then, let me at that!"
"Oh God, Maura!" She had him gasping for joyful breath again in no time with her well-practiced strokes, and she could feel herself growing delightfully wet at his tender-beyond-his-years touch. "It is a gift, isn't it?"
"Something you can enjoy all year if you'll let it," she whispered in a reassuring tone, and with a slow, loving touch, she guided him inside her once again.