When Sands announced it was time to go, I let out a relieved breath I didn't know I was holding in. I got one last applause as the curtain finally closed before me and the monitors turned off. I held my head in my hands as I contemplated what the consequences of this event might bring. What do my former professors think of me? Who were the other people in the audience that saw me naked? Were they from other schools? Were they people from the city? What are they going to do with all those pictures of me (both the photos and the drawings)?
I looked down both right and left stage. Now that everybody was cleaning up and shutting down the event, the stage crew was dispersing to a point where I could exit the auditorium and head to the bus. I will have to think about this hellish experience later...or maybe never. Freely placing my hands before my crotch once more, I padded towards the door backstage. Though most of the staff was packing up to go home, there were still plenty of people in the narrow hallway backstage that I bumped into as I made my way to the door.
"Um...pardon me...excuse me...sorry...just trying to get through...my apologies!" A handful of people were surprised to be brushed up against the naked model from the stage but most of them didn't seem to mind at all. In fact, they all appeared to be quite delighted at the opportunity to lay a hand on me. I felt some of the stage crew caress me as I squeezed towards the door. Hands would stroke my buttocks, slide down my back, and gave me a pinch in various areas of my body until I finally reached the door. Eager to retreat, I flung the door open and swiftly stepped right through. I slammed the door behind me and leaned my back and hands against it; as if I were holding up a floodgate. I closed my eyes and panted heavily after the stimulation until a voice reminded me I was out in an open hallway in a museum with several people passing through.
"Oh my...good gracious Avery! Stop exposing yourself like that! We're in a public space now!"
My eyes opened up to see the faces of three of my former professors from IMU. One of them was my Sociology professor Hank Delmonte, a portly older man with gray hair wearing a tweed suit. The second professor was Alison Reyes, a conservatively dressed woman with her hair in a bun who taught chemistry. Last but not least was Ji-ho Park, an aging Asian woman who taught college math, just like me.
I glanced down at my member still hanging out in the open. Blushing again, I covered it with my hands as I faced the judgmental stares of my teachers. "P-Professors...I...this isn't..." What could I say? These people had such a high opinion of me only a few hours ago. But now...
"Honestly Avery, what could possess you to debase yourself like this?" Professor Delmonte shook his head in his hand.
"I was hoping the next time we saw each other you would have made something of yourself. How could you stoop so low?" Asked Professor Reyes.
"You call yourself a professor? I always thought it was weird that your wanted to teach at Intectus Deprehendi, it was so recently an all-girls campus when your own university scouted you. I convinced myself it was because of their credentials but now I can't help but think it was because you wanted to show off in front of all those girls. Is that what this is about? You wanted to show off that body to a bunch of girls?" Delmonte chided me as Professor Park stood quietly beside him. She was the only one who reserved her opinion.
"No! No! For Heaven's sake no! That is the last thing I want!"
"Then what is it then? Because I can't think of an explanation that could justify throwing away your integrity."
I didn't know what to say to them. I was naked and vulnerable and they were giving me the third degree. They believed I would have become something great by now instead of some nude model. I was so frustrated I almost wept for the first time in my adult life. It was at that point, I got an unexpected rescuer.
"How dare you! All of you!" Professor Sands came stomping down the hallway. Her eyes were shooting daggers at my teachers. "As well-educated individuals, I expected better from all of you! I never would have sent out an invitation to your university had I known it would be staffed with such spineless, narrow-minded, pansy-assed, elitist, posers!" Whoa...never heard Sands talk like that to anyone before.
"You're the Art teacher aren't you?" Reyes spoke the word 'art' as if it were a dirty word.
"This none of your concern. We are just having a word with our student..."
"He is not your student anymore! He is our teacher, good sir, and don't you forget it!" Sands cut off Delmonte.
"Look, we..."
"Avery's students have cumulatively made the highest scores in mathematics in Intectus history. Were you aware of this before you spoke to him in such a manner?"
"We're not saying..."
"I am not listening to what your saying. I'm talking, you're listening. I cannot say on his behalf why he passed up an offer to work at his former school but I can say it was a good decision that he did. He would have been wasted on a second-rate school taught by a mediocre staff."
"Mediocre!?"
"You heard me," Sands pulled me from the door and slapped me on the butt "stand up straight! hands to your sides!" I obeyed her command, this time I knew the reason why I was so compliant with her. Sands had a fierceness to her that she was now unleashing upon my teachers and I never wanted to be a target of that. A small part of me was glad now that I responded whenever she called out, but only a small part. "As you all can plainly see, Avery has nothing to be ashamed of." My professors took a long awkward look at me from head to toe as my face flushed. I wanted to cover up so badly but I would rather Sands unload on them instead of me. "This man has more integrity than you will ever know. He simply expanded his knowledge beyond his field of study and decided to take what he has to offer and share it with other departments. He is a renaissance man! The multi-talented Avery Finn knew that Intectus was the apex of education. We are like that because we support each other despite not being an expert in another person's field. Just as his students are reaching new heights in math, so are my students in the arts. Attendance for this course has never been higher. And that is all thanks to Professor Finn. So you can all piss off if all you are going to do here is cover up for the fact that your institution has, and always will, pale in comparison to the crown jewel known as Intectus Deprehndi! Now, take one last look you dimwits! This is the man you missed out on." Sands raised her arms to gesture at my figure. I didn't know if she was making this situation better or worse. Delmonte and Reyes looked at me with shock in their eyes at Sands outburst, Professor Park actually looked entertained. I swallowed as Sands took me by the wrist and dragged me away.
As my professors got a good look at my ass one last time, Professor Park spoke out for the first time since seeing me again, "In math, it is easy to find one solution dear Avery. But never forget that in life, there are many choices we can make. It doesn't matter whether they are right or wrong. So long as they are your answers, then you are successfully living your life." Park smiled as we walked away. Could that have been her way of showing her support?
Once we were out of sight (at least from my professors) Sands spoke to me, "Why did you choose IDU when you got an offer from from your alma mater?" Not sure if I was in the best place for a conversation with her dragging me by the wrist, I was trying to cover my manhood with one hand while walking.
"It is as you said Professor Sands, Intectus is at the pinnacle of academics. It would have been my first choice to go to college if they had only allowed male students to attend after I graduated high school."
Sands smiled broadly, "Well shame on us for missing out on such a talented student. I'm just glad that you can be here with us now." Well that makes one of us. I thought as I looked down at my nudity. Obviously my circumstances were less than favorable but I did appreciate how Sands stood up for me before my professors. She may have done so by embarrassing me further but there was a comfort in knowing she was in my corner. Better a friend than foe. I decided it would be best to stay in her good favor from now on.
Sands pulled me closer to her by grabbing my arm companionably as she leisurely strolled down the hall talking about more art on the walls. I sighed as more bystanders crossed our path, inevitably noticing how naked I was; my one free hand offered very little cover. Sands was totally oblivious to their reactions. She either didn't notice them or probably thought they were pointing and whispering about the art like she was.
After a couple more embarrassing encounters in the hallway we finally met up with Bridget. Her eyes twinkled when she saw me and I couldn't help but smile. It was always soothing to see her face happy to see me. Now, maybe we could get the hell out of there.
"I have a suggestion, since it's so late why don't the both of you ride home with me in my car?" Sands looked to me and Bridget.
"Great idea! Let's do it!" I readily agreed. Going home in a car with just the three of us sounded better than being naked on a bus with all those horny students again.
As we walked outside, I had to endure a few more curious glances standing naked in the parking lot holding my junk as Sands unlocked her car. The second it was open, I jumped right in the back and slammed the door behind me. I wanted the back seat since Sands wouldn't be able to see me naked behind her. I thought Bridget would take the passenger's seat but instead, she chose to sit in the back right next to me. Once we were all buckled up and back on the road, Bridget reached over placing her hand on my leg. I was a little nervous thinking Sands might notice but her eyes were straight on the road. Bridget got bolder and started stroking me. Goosebumps sprouted from my flesh and my member started to grow harder and harder. My plan was to keep quiet so Sands wouldn't turn around, but then something unexpected happened while we were driving down the highway...
"So, long have you two been dating?" Professor Sands asked out of nowhere.
We both froze. Bridget stopped petting me but kept her hand on my leg. Surely we misheard her, right? She couldn't know about us...right?
"Pardon?" I asked almost too quietly.
"Don't try to deny it, I know you two are an item. I simply appreciate some candor about it."
We're finished...We're through...We have been made! What are we going to do!? What can I say? I wasn't expecting this. How did she find out? I have to think of an excuse. Say something Avery! Something! Anything!
"How long have you known?" Asked Bridget.
We're doomed.
"Oh, I had an inkling for quite some time. I just never looked into it so much. You know how I get when it comes to art, everything else just goes over my head. It wasn't until some recent interactions between you two that I came to this realization." Shit! Shit! Shit! What am I going to do!?
"Please don't tell anyone Delia. I don't want Avery to get fired." Bridget leaned into me hugging my arm. I actually started trembling.
Sands laughed, "Don't worry about that Bridget. I don't have any intention getting him fired. You are my precious student and I have come to consider Avery to be a dear friend."
The two of us let out a relieved breath. "So...you'll keep this a secret?" I asked.
"Yes, but I do have one condition."
"Name it."
"Your time as our model is almost up correct?"
"Yes, tomorrow is my last class as a nude model."
"Well, I am hoping that you will extend your time as our model for a while."
"What!?" I gasped.
"All I want you to do when you get home tonight is send Dean Ostendi an email asking that you would like to extend your time as our model."
"Wait a minute! How long do you want me to model for?"
"I will leave that to Myra since she said she would take care of it for me. She was still searching for a model when she defaulted to you so she might have someone to take your place sooner or later. Just mention in your message that you will agree to whatever time she will assign you to until she finds me a replacement model and make it seem like you are really looking forward to it."
"So I am just supposed to blindly agree to whatever time the both of you see fit. Is that right?" I fumed.
"That is the only payment I ask for keeping your secret."
She had me there, she had to assume some kind of risk for knowing about this and not telling anyone as a faculty member. Besides, if Dean Ostendi was already looking for a model I couldn't be subjected to this for too long, right? I was so close to the finish line, but now I find out I still have a mile to go. Oh well, surely I can persevere a little longer if it means I could be with Bridget. I will just have to grit my teeth and bare it the same way I have been the past week.
I groaned, "Alright, I'll agree to your terms."
"So You will contact Myra tonight?"
"Yes, as soon as I get home. You have my word."
"Splendid! Oh Avery, we are going to have so much fun! I already have so many ideas for different poses, costumes, places, and people that we can..."
"Hold your horses Professor Sands! We still don't know how long the Dean will keep me on as your model. So let's not get ahead of ourselves." I shuddered at whatever Sands had planned for me in the long run.
"Please, call me Delia. We are friends now aren't we?"
I sighed, "Sure, Delia...I am confident that Dean Ostendi will provide a model promptly," more like 'hopeful' was the right word for it but I didn't want to give Sands...Delia...a moment to plot fresh embarrassments for me in the nude "so best not get your hopes up because I am gone as soon as my replacement comes in."
"Don't forget to send your response tonight. And don't argue about how long your extension will be." Delia reminded me.
"Of course, I never break my word. I promise I will agree to whatever the dean decides for me." I nodded.
"And show your enthusiasm!"
"Yes, I will do my best." I spoke in monotone as I rolled my eyes.
"Speaking of enthusiasm..." Bridget suddenly grabbed me by the face and pulled me down for a kiss. I closed my eyes for a moment to enjoy the sensation but then I pulled away.
"Hold on! Bridget! What are you doing!? Prof-Delia is still right in front of us!"
Bridget unfastened her seat belt and then reached for mine, "What does it matter? We just established that she already knows about us. I have been aching to touch you all day now. What's the point of holding back now that there is no more secrets between us?" Bridget started playing with my chest. Her hands slid down my abs, toyed with my nipples, and stroked my legs.
"That is a fair point, you two go ahead and enjoy yourselves back there. I don't mind. We still have plenty of time before we get back, so you might as well entertain yourselves." Sands kept her eyes on the road while still driving but kept a secret smile.
I wanted to say something reasonable, something smart to make a more dignified and rational decision, but all of that pretty much went all out the window when Bridget started taking off her clothes. She pulled off her blouse and skirt and...by God, she was wearing red underwear and my pole went northward. As she unclasped her bra, I glanced over at Delia in the driver's seat. I could have sworn she peeked at her rear-view mirror just now to watch us, but when I looked back at Bridget...damn...
"Aaaaargh! Fuck it, I deserve this!" It was as if all the frustration I endured today came pouring out at once. I grabbed the back of Bridget's head and dove my tongue straight into her mouth. She wrapped her arms around my neck as my hand slipped down the front of her panties. My fingers quickly found her clitoris and I fingered her until she was nice and moist. As soon as she was ready for action, I yanked her panties right off and dropped them on the floor of the car. Grabbing her by the hips, I raised her onto my lap and our bodies melded together as we held each other for more kissing. My erection throbbed against her chest oozing pre-cum.
Bridget lifted up her waist and I took the signal to plunge myself right inside her. "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaahhh...shit...Bridget...!" I moaned as she began gyrating her hips up and down on my johnson. My eyes fluttered shut as she brought me in for another kiss. Our arms trailed down each others backs as we maintained our rhythm. She climaxed twice before I shot my load off inside her. It wasn't enough. Not even close.
Bridget shoved me down onto my back as she kept bouncing her ass up and down on my erection; her pace getting faster and faster. I grabbed her buttocks, firmly squeezing her as my thrusts began to match her speed. We let out loud pleasured moans as our bodies started to perspire. Bridget's hands explored my chest some more as I released another load inside of her. Her pussy was squelching wet but I knew we weren't even halfway done. As she orgasmed once again I hoisted myself upward, bringing my mouth back to hers. As our tongues collided I forced her onto her back while her legs wrapped around me. My dick didn't pull out of her for even a moment. My hands trailed up her stomach and I gave her breasts a playful squeeze. She let out a laugh as I unleashed another load. I continued to thrust inside of her and she grabbed the back of my hair, pulling me down for more kisses. We kept this up in the back seat for the entire car ride. We were completely lost in each other. Nothing in this world existed except Bridget and myself. We just kept roiling, writhing, thrusting, kissing, licking, squeezing, and groping as the car finally arrived at our destination. Even then, we still kept going at it at least two or three more rounds even after the vehicle came to a halt.
I collapsed with my back up against the car door. Bridget fell onto my chest as I wrapped my arm around her supple naked body. The both of us were sweating and panting heavily; my prick was still deep inside her. I used my fingers to comb a strand of her blond hair away from her face as she looked up at me and smiled. I grinned back at her knowing I was ready for another round once I got my second wind.
Sadly, I didn't get the chance as the sound of scribbling interrupted my erotic thoughts. I turned to the source and there I saw Delia watching us both intently as she drew something on a sketchpad she kept on the seat next to her.
It took me a second to come back down to Earth. I blinked, and then my face flushed."Sa-Delia! What the hell are you doing!?"
"Please, pretend I'm not here. Keep on going you two. This is a masterpiece in action!"
I slapped my hand on my face and Bridget let out a laugh as she cuddled me closely, pressing her boobs into my stomach. Clearly amused at my embarrassment. I tried to pull out of her but I was still very very hard and from the angle I was laying on the car door I couldn't pull her off without bumping her head on the roof of the car. I had to wait several minutes until I swelled down enough so I could pull out of her. In the meanwhile, Delia continued to draw on her sketchpad as she observed us.