Author's Note: This is an entry for the 2019 Summer Lovin' contest. It crosses several genres and categories, some familiar, some new. I've had this story building in my mind for several years, and now I'm pleased to present it to you in its fullest.
I could not have done this without the help of my literotica friends who acted as a sounding board, my editors who improved it and my muse who introduced me to some topics I would have never otherwise explored.
I encourage you to read it all the way through before casting your vote. It's an interesting journey with a lot of twists along the way.
As always, I appreciate your votes, your comments, personal emails and your patience for this long-awaited story.
Enjoy!
S.O.S. Summer Of SECRETS
A Family's Secret Cry for Help.
1. LEXIE
Lexie threw her suitcase on the bed and began to pack. Sorting through her closet, wondering how she would manage to cram a whole summer's worth of clothes into one suitcase seemed like a daunting task. Why on earth did we all have to go to this stupid summerhouse just because mom decided to volunteer for some kids' art program? That was her choice. Don't go dragging all of us down as well.
Deep down Lexie knew her mom was doing a good thing helping the kids with her free time and wondered if that made her selfish for thinking this way. She played her own devil's advocate and wondered if it made her mom equally selfish bringing her away from her friends not only for the summer, but the last summer they had together before they all went off to separate colleges in the fall.
What difference did it make arguing both sides of the coin? She had to go and that was that. The more she thought about it, the more depressed it made her, so she tried to focus on anything to get her mind off of it.
Right now, that activity happened to be packing. She tried to lose herself in the mundane chore of choosing her clothes for the summer starting with the essentials first: socks, panties, bras, T-shirts, jeans, shorts, a few different bikinis, summer dresses and considered herself pretty well packed. There's no need for anything fancier,it's just a house on a lake in the middle of the country,she told herself and stared at her packed suitcase wondering how on earth she was going to make it through the whole summer without much to do. Maybe I'll get a job or start up a new hobby. But her angst got the best of her in the moment. This is going to suck.
She planned one last hurrah with all her friends for the evening. They lived in a suburb of a big city and weren't old enough to drink, which greatly limited their entertainment options. Most nights they'd go out to eat, gossip, talk about guys and whatever else was on their mind. This night Lexie was particularly quiet and grew sadder as the night went on. Her friends all knew why and tried not to draw too much attention to it.
A few had some encouraging words, "Oh come on Lex, maybe you'll meet some hot country farmer boy and have some magical night under the stars,"—"Or in a barn!" another girl added, and they all started laughing. Lexie laughed the hardest of all of them. She had to laugh to keep from crying. Even spending a romantic night in a barn sounded better than what she anticipated—a summer sitting around the house with just her younger brother, Adam. Her mom would be away most days and her dad would be busy with work as he often was, even when they took vacations together.
Eventually, the night winded down and she hugged and kissed all her friends goodbye. "Call us whenever you get bored," they said.
"I'll be calling you every day, then," Lex replied with a smirk and headed home. She walked quietly up the stairs and into her room, careful not to wake anyone. Her suitcase was staring at her from her bed, wide open and full of the same anxieties and fears she packed just a few hours ago. She closed and locked it, moving it to the floor and crawled into bed trying not to think about how much she was dreading this trip. She fought it as long as she could, but eventually, her tears won, and she gently cried herself to sleep.
2. ADAM
Adam had finished packing earlier that day and spent the evening, like most evenings, watching porn from his favorite sites. He was no less than a porn connoisseur and had logged countless hours searching, downloading and viewing various kinds of videos to masturbate to. He had become so used to it; his tastes had grown quite specific in order to find stuff that still got him aroused. He no longer was entertained by regular porn. Just a guy having sex with a girl didn't even seem interesting to him, it was what people were supposed to do...have sex with each other. After a few hundred, probably thousand, hours of watching, it looked as ordinary as two people shaking hands.
Instead, he started to develop incredibly specific criteria for what he wanted to watch. The main rule was it couldn't be easy to find. If he searched, "Girl masturbates while mowing the lawn," and found it within the first Google search, he wasn't interested. Whatever the fetish, it was entirely more enjoyable if it was difficult to find a video that contained what he was looking for. Another rule, although not strictly followed, was that it couldn't be overly sexual. He liked watching various kinds of nudity and could often get turned on as long as it wasn't supposed to be arousing. For instance, his search history included non-sexual things like finding the right size bra, how to shave your anus and sleeping nude. None of those things were particularly sexual, but he had gotten off several times to videos containing those specific activities.
It became a part of the satisfaction, finding something that was rare and not blasted all over the Internet. And rare usually meant it was more taboo, or else it would have been on every popular porn site. Lately, he'd been most interested in voyeur videos of girls using the bathroom. It was this delicate blend of hard to find, sometimes even gross and not at all traditionally sexy, which made it irresistible to him. There was something about the intimacy of it, watching a girl use the bathroom without her knowing. It was the ultimate invasion of privacy, and it felt like he was viewing something he knew he shouldn't.
Girls were so private about their bathroom habits. They'd share almost any detail about their life with their friends and even boyfriends, but then when they went into the bathroom, they'd lock the door and never speak of what went on inside. He grew up hearing the phrase, "Girls don't fart." He knew it wasn't true, but as he got older and saw how private girls were about it, he started to understand where the phrase came from. Which made it prime material for getting off at night.
Tonight's particular porn search included hidden dressing room cams, voyeur cheerleader videos, and girls peeing standing up. As he clicked from site to site, his left hand found his hard shaft resting under his shorts and began to slide his member over his leg from side to side. He let the friction work up a slow and steady pleasure before he would eventually move on to more direct contact. It never took him too long to finish, but he was always able to get hard all over again within minutes. He liked to think he had a quick trigger and an even quicker reload that he hoped would come in handy someday, but truthfully, he had no idea if that was even a benefit.
As Adam sat there rubbing himself, he began to wonder if this summerhouse they were going to would have internet or not. What on earth am I going to jerk off to all summer long without Internet access? With that thought, he quickly changed focus and began to search for videos to download and store on his hard drive just in case. He found several voyeur videos, changing room videos, nudist camp videos, bathroom videos and more. They were all lined up in his queue, slowly downloading through his torrent browser. He had a few hours' worth of porn to consume, but he knew that wouldn't last too long. He could easily watch a few hours on any given night.
What was worse, the internet was his only real form of interaction with the world. He didn't have many friends in general, so he'd either be sitting around jerking off at home or sitting around jerking off at the summerhouse. But without the internet, he'd have nothing.
Lexie made it perfectly clear she wasn't happy about going on this trip, but at least she knew how to make friends wherever she was. That was a trait they did not share.
Though they were called Irish twins, a term which confused him for the better part of his life, he saw almost no similarities between them. Sure, they were both 18, but different school years, different friends, different everything. At times he envied her, wishing he could be outgoing and connect with others easily. Other times, just the thought of that stressed him out and usually found himself back on online. It was his world.
Without the internet, he truly didn't know what he would do this summer. The thought alone had made his shaft fall soft, no longer in the mood to pleasure himself before going to sleep. He couldn't remember the last time he felt like that. He removed his clothes from his thin, wiry body; his long, hairy cock hung full from his recent tease. Climbing into bed, he left a trail of pre-cum on the sheets as his head found the pillow.
Tossing and turning, his hand inevitably found his cock again despite his lack of arousal. Sometimes it just helped him sleep. He reached below the sheets with both hands; his right wrapped around his long, thick shaft, and his left found its way through his thick, curly hair and cupped his balls. It didn't take long, and soon he was cleaning up the results that landed all over his belly. The soiled tissue soon joined all the other crusty, crumpled tissues on the floor, and he fell asleep, still erect.
3. JEN
Jen stared into the full-length mirror that hung on the back of her closet door. She always looked at herself with a critical and unforgiving eye, noting how her breasts were not quite as full and perky as they once were. She cupped her round breasts, which were just more than a handful apiece, and felt their weight as she squeezed. The soft flesh slightly spilled out from the sides of her hands as she lifted and watched her breasts fall. Her nipples had grown hard in the process, and she thought that made them look a little better.
Her eyes continued to wander down the mirror taking in every aspect of her bare body. She was well aware her stomach wasn't as flat as it once was, but thought it was pretty good considering she was approaching 45 and had raised two kids, worked a full-time job as an elementary school teacher and volunteered in various educational programs in her free time.Yes, I look pretty good, all things considered, she thought to herself.
Her fingers found her tuft of hair above her sex. Slightly pulling on the dark coarse hairs and remembered how much shorter she used to keep it. It had been a while since she spent the time grooming herself like she used to. Then again, it had been a while since she felt a need to look sexy for someone. Things had grown quite comfortable with her husband. A little too comfortable in her opinion. No matter, it's just a part of marriage that happens over time.It's impossible to keep the romance alive forever, she told herself whenever she was feeling bored or unappreciated.
She shook her head and snapped out of it like she usually did when her mind drifted into that dark place. After slipping into her warm cotton robe, she exited the master bathroom and saw her husband fast asleep in their bed. He often was in bed before her, and more often than not he was already asleep. Jon was a natural morning person, loved to workout at the crack of dawn, or before, and that usually meant he was spent by early evening. She watched him as his dark brown hair fell in a mishmash way as he slept with his mouth wide open. She could see his muscular shoulders appearing from under the blanket and the curve of his biceps that disappeared under the sheets. He was in better shape today than the day they married almost twenty years ago.
Jen pulled out her volunteering itinerary for the summer and sat on her bed. "Art Camp for Kids" the flyer read. This would be an excellent distraction for the summer, helping kids, giving back, getting involved in the art community. She did miss art. She was an art minor back in college and it was very much a part of who she was back then. It made her feel alive. She'd often reminisce of late nights collaborating with her classmates, spending hours in the studio painting, studying the human form for figure drawing classes, tinkering with her charcoal drawings constantly establishing and reestablishing her lines until it was perfect. Which it never was.God, it will be good to get back to my passion this summer,she thought.I will get to help kids and experience art and the whole family gets to spend a summer vacation out in the country in a beautiful house on a lake. What could be bad?
She pulled out her laptop quietly so as not to not wake her husband as she leaned back on the bed, her robe had slightly fallen open exposing her left breast. She hardly seemed to notice, but her face let out a relaxing smile as she began to read her latest email from Erik, the summer art program leader. She couldn't help but smile every time she read one of his emails. He was filled with an inspiring passion for art and for helping others. Something about it made her tingle inside. Her thumb rotated her wedding ring on her finger and she wondered how to respond to his email.
Erik,
I'm so excited to finally meet you next week at camp! My family will arrive this weekend and get settled in at our place off the lake. It's only about a mile from the camp. I look forward to many relaxing walks to and from the studio. My husband and kids are equally excited to relax and get away for the summer. We simply can't wait!
Have a great weekend and I look forward to seeing you on Monday!
Jen
Once again, she fiddled with her wedding ring subconsciously as she read and reread her email several times.This is silly, she thought, and finally hit send. She got up to place her laptop on the nightstand and remove her robe. She crawled back into bed and felt the smooth, cool sheets tickle her skin. She was so giddy she could hardly rest. She closed her eyes and imagined a summer of adventure and art. Her hand was resting on her belly and began to creep lower and soon was playing with her tuft of hair, lightly running her fingers over it. And then a little lower...until she was lightly teasing her slit, which had grown quite wet. Careful not to wake Jon, she continued in this manner as she often did if he fell asleep before she even made it to bed. The kind of slow, gentle teasing with no agenda that she loved. Her eyes grew heavy and her thoughts gently faded away as she drifted off.

4. JON
Jon awoke to the sound of his cell phone alarm going offat 4:30 a.m.just like every other morning. He rolled over, hit snooze, but knew he would be up before it went off again.
This was one of his favorite times of the day. Half asleep, half awake and half aroused. He'd lightly pull on his soft, blood-filled shaft under the covers to stay semi-erect without trying to get fully hard. He liked to prolong this tease until he got out of bed. Jon rolled over and shut off his alarm before it had a chance to go off again and was now ready to start his day.
Quietly stepping out of bed not to wake Jen, he slowly made his way to the bathroom. After his eyes adjusted to the light, he looked in the mirror and admired what he saw. He had short, light brown hair, blue eyes, a nice smile, and rock-hard abs. Abs always looked best in the morning after several hours without food or water. Everything was tighter and more muscular. His cock was full of blood but still hung as if it were completely soft. He liked to imagine that's how big it always looked when he was soft, and that if he were to get hard it would nearly double in size.
He teased his cock most mornings and was careful never to finish. He didn't want to lose that energy and saved that built-up frustration and aggression for the gym. After relieving his bladder, he threw on his gym clothes, including his T-shirt with torn sleeves that showed the perfect amount of shoulder, back and chest muscles from all angles.
Then it was time for his pre-workout shake, caffeine, and other supplements. They looked like horse pills, but Jon was convinced they helped keep him looking and feeling the way he did. Soon the caffeine kicked in and the shake had him energized, he was fueled and ready to go.
It was a little after 5:15 a.m. when he arrived at the gym. The regulars were already there, pumping away. He gave his usual head nods to the guys he saw every morning but didn't know any of them by name. Today was shoulder day, one of his favorite days. Military presses, lateral raises, upright rows, rear delt flies, front raises, throw in a few machines at the end and some ab work for good measure. The feeling of his muscles filling with blood was intoxicating. He could actually see the difference from the start of the workout to the end. It was like he hooked up a tire pump and enlarged his muscles by a full inch.
His other hobby in the gym was people watching. He was one of the most observant people around and noticed almost everyone in the gym. More importantly, he noticed when they noticed him. Whether it was a guy or girl, he seemed to get a little rush when someone glanced in his direction. He was flattered if a guy looked at him. It was recognition he was doing something right and they were impressed, trying to copy his technique. And he had wild fantasies about the women who glanced his way. He'd imagine they thought he was the hottest guy in the gym and hoped they all secretly wanted him. He knew that wasn't true, but it was a fun fantasy that made the workout fly by.
It was almost 6:30 now, and he knew he had to be getting back soon to drive the family to their summer getaway. He put his weights back on the rack and headed into the locker room. Jon never felt comfortable fully undressing at the gym. He'd look around at the other men who did undress and note that he was in better shape, more muscular and had a bigger cock than most. So why am I so hesitant to do it? He admired the men who had the guts to do it, even if they didn't have great bodies. He wanted to feel that freedom, he wanted to stand there for all to see how hard he's worked on sculpting his body. But there he stood, putting on his hoodie, gathering his bag and already making his exit. Someday I'll give it a try.
When he got home, his family was racing around the house trying to get ready. Lexie was dragging her suitcase down the stairs and Adam was sitting on the couch typing away on his laptop.
"Hurry up, hon. We've got a big day of driving ahead of us," Jen said.
As if I don't already know that. "Yup, I'm all packed and ready to go. Just gotta grab my laptop from my office." Jon had been packed for days. His biggest challenge with this trip was how he was going to be able to work without reliable internet in the house they were staying. Through a little research, he found there was a library not too far from where they were going to be staying. And even better, it was right next to the only gym in the town,Heather's Health and Wellness Center.
It sounded like a far cry from the gym he was used to, but in a small town in the middle of the country, he was glad to find a gym at all. It was going to be a rough summer, but he had a gym and he could work remotely. Everything will be just fine, he thought as they were all getting in the loaded car and headed out for their longest family vacation ever.
5. ADAM
Nearly eight hours, several food breaks and a few pit stops later, they were pulling up to their rented summerhouse. It was much bigger than Adam was expecting. The traditional country home had several large windows and an incredible porch that wrapped around the entire front half of the house.This is not the shack I was imagining.
"Kids, why don't you go get settled in your rooms upstairs. According to the rental site, there should be two identical rooms on the second floor...not the big one with the master bath...that's ours!" Jen said enthusiastically as Jon began to unload the suitcases from the trunk.
Adam grabbed his bag and headed upstairs with his sister. Sure enough, there were two fairly large rooms on opposite sides of the Jack and Jill bathroom. "Any preference?" Adam offered politely.
Lexie quickly scanned the rooms and chose the one furthest from her parents' room. "I'll take this one," and she headed in and shut the door behind her.You're welcome...it's not like I wanted that room anyway.
Adam walked into his room and was again pleasantly surprised. It had a queen-size bed, which was significantly bigger than his twin bed at home, a walk-in closet and a desk for his laptop.This will do, he thought.
There was one other door in the room he hadn't opened yet. He quietly walked over to it and gently turned the knob and opened the door.
"GET OUT!" Lexie screamed.
"Sorry, sorry," Adam quickly shut the door as his sister was putting on makeup in the bathroom. "Next time just lock the door, and this won't be a problem," Adam said defensively.
"There is no lock, you idiot. Don't you think I would have done that?" she yelled through the door. "Jeez, just give me some privacy, damn it."
Adam rolled his eyes and stepped away. He started to unpack, which didn't take long, and already was wondering what to do with himself. He pulled out his laptop and checked the WiFi. There was a weak signal that came up but didn't last long enough to connect.This is going to be a long summer.
"Adam, can you help us unload the car?" his mom yelled from downstairs.
Can't they do anything without my help?"Sure thing, mom," he eventually said. After a few trips back and forth from the car to the kitchen, almost everything was in the house.
"Thanks. I would have asked your Dad, but he's setting things up in the attic."
Just then Lexie came racing down the stairs. "I'm going out. I'll be back later."
"Whoa, whoa, whoa. You just got here. You don't even have a car to drive...just where on earth are you going?" Jen asked.
"Give it a rest, Mom. I'm just going into town. I saw a sign by the pool we passed on our way in. Said they were hiring lifeguards. Figured I'd give it a try...beats sitting around here all summer."
"Can you even swim?" Adam chimed in with impeccable brotherly timing.
"Oh, stop now, your sister is a perfectly good swimmer. We made her take lessons for years. And now it's paying off," Jen said warmly.
"Right. Whatever. I'll be back later," Lexie said as she slung a backpack over her shoulder and headed out.
Adam didn't want to be a lifeguard, but he did envy how quickly Lexie got herself out of the house. He was still frustrated over the lack of internet, his only connection to the world now and it didn't look promising.
Diiiiiiiiing Dong. The doorbell rang with an annoying buzz at the end. "Why don't you see who it is," Jen said to Adam while trying to hide a smile.
"Oh, lord. What have you done now, mom?" Adam said, recognizing his mom's playful grin as he opened the door.
"Adam!!!" Before he could place the familiar voice, a body crashed into him for a hug. "It's so good to see you! What's it been? Six, eight years?" she took a step back and looked him up and down. "You look...so much taller!"
"Ashley?!" He paused to hug her. "Mom, you didn't tell me she was coming," Adam said as he looked at his cousin. She was wearing a thin, light blue sundress that swayed slightly in the summer breeze and flattered her perfectly. "What are you doing here?" he asked unable to keep his smile hidden remembering all the fun they had as kids. Sure, she was a little older than him, but she used to babysit him and let him do pretty much whatever he wanted. He had fond memories of eating endless bowls of ice cream and watching several R-rated movies with her.
"I'm staying here with you. For a few weeks anyway. I just got back from my trip around Europe and now I need to settle down and get cracking on my book. Thought this would be a nice, quiet spot to really organize my thoughts."
"I had no idea you were a writer, or in Europe for a few months. Or coming here," he chuckled a little, "I guess I have no idea about any of the things you've been up to for the past few years," Adam said.
"Sounds like you two will just have to get caught up then, won't you?" Jen added. "Why don't you show Ashley to her room. She'll be staying in the loft in the attic. Your father should be done getting it ready by now."
Ashley leaned in for one more tight hug. This time Adam was ready for it and held her close. She still had that same flowery smell he remembered from a child. She lingered there a little longer, and he could feel the heat radiating from her. The soft pressure of her body against his.Oh god...am I getting turned on from this?
Adam broke the hug for fear she would feel his subtle bulge beginning to form and grabbed her duffle bag from the floor. "Come on, you're all the way up on the third level."
Ashley quickly led the way as if she knew where she was going already. Adam followed closely behind her, watching as her summer dress lightly shifted and clung to her butt.Stop looking at her like that.She made her way up the stairs and Adam trailed behind and couldn't help but try to peer up her skirt a little as she got a few steps ahead of him. He lowered his head a little further to try to see if he could actually see anything. His eyes traced up the back of her legs and the dress seemed to block his view right at the base of her cheeks. He couldn't actually see anything, but that didn't stop him from getting rock hard.
She turned around and gave him a wry smile.Shit! Did she catch me?
"Thanks, sweetie. I'll take it from here." She tousled his hair playfully, grabbed the bag from him and went up the final leg of stairs into her loft.
Adam stood there stupidly as he watched her legs disappear from view. Once out of sight, he went into his room more confused and harder than ever.
6. LEXIE
Lexie rode through the small town and tried to find where she passed the lifeguard for hire sign. The streets were lined with quaint mom and pop shops, an old Post Office and a few other small buildings here and there. She couldn't decide if it was a charming old town or depressingly behind the times.Thank God I'm only here for a summer.
Lexie pulled up to the building with the sign out front: Now Hiring Lifeguards. After locking up her bike to a pole nearby, she realized how unlikely it would be someone would steal it in a town this small and began to make her way to the door.
There was a cute girl with short brown hair behind the desk wearing a grey baggy hoodie that said, GUARD, in all red letters. It looked like she purposely stretched neck of the hoodie so that it fell low over one shoulder and down her arm. A name tag that read, Emily, was pinned near the sloping collar. A slim dark strap was visible over her shoulder, but Lexie couldn't tell if it was a bra strap or part of a bathing suit.
Gathering her courage, she walked up to the desk. "Hi, I'm Lexie and interested in applying for the open lifeguard position."
"Hmmm...I'm not sure we're still hiring at this point," said a careless voice.
"But your sign out front says you are."
"Yeah, we should probably take that down," Emily started to file her nails as if she was done with the conversation.
"Is there anyone I could talk to...a manager or someone?"
She let out a huge sigh. "MARK! There's someone here for you." She said without looking up.
"Thank you," Lexie said not sure what to make of her.
A minute later a boy walked in the room. Lexie guessed he was around 19. He had shaggy hair and blue eyes. His white tank top also said, GUARD and made his tan skin look all the darker next to the pristine white. With a laid-back smile, he reached out his hand. "Hi, I'm Mark. How can I help you?"
"Hi, Mark. I'm Lexie. I'd like to apply for the lifeguard position...if you're still hiring."
"Oh shit, is that sign still up there? Em, I told you to take that down weeks ago."
Emily just shrugged her shoulders.
"Anyway, it's not that we don't need any more lifeguards, we certainly could use the help. It's just that you need to take our training course and then pass a test. We normally only have that class available in the spring. You just missed it by a few weeks," Mark said.
"Oh, yeah, I guess that makes sense," Lexie said with clear disappointment on her face.
"You know what? Screw it, I teach the class in spring and I give the test. If you're willing to come in the evenings for a few weeks or so, I can go over the basics and test your swimming ability. It would have to be after we close though, so you'd need to come around nine. Sound good?"
"Really? I mean, yeah, thank you so much! That would be amazing," Lexie said in disbelief. "Anything I should bring?"
"Just bring your bathing suit and be ready to work. I gotta get back on duty, but I'll see you tomorrow at 9," Mark gave her a genuine smile and shook her hand.
"Deal!" Lexie couldn't get over how nice that was of him and could barely hide her smile. "Thanks for calling Mark out here for me. Hopefully, we'll be coworkers soon."
Emily rolled her eyes and started scrolling through her phone. "No problem. Hope you pass the test..." she said with a smirk.
Lexie left and got on her bike to ride home. She decided to take the scenic route, not that she knew where she was going but enjoyed exploring the town just the same. It somehow seemed a little more charming now than it did only a few hours ago. Her mind wandered aimlessly but always seemed to return to the same thought.Mark was so kind, and cute too!Lexie noticed she started to enjoy her ride a little more the more she thought about Mark. She also noticed an unfamiliar tingling feeling as she pedaled and sat on the tiny seat.Maybe this won't be such a horrible summer after all.
7. JON
Later that evening, the family joined together for dinner. Jon spent the better part of the day painstakingly slow cooking some ribs in a smoker that came with the house. He took great pride in how each bite felt like a burst of smoke as the tender meat practically fell off the bone.
The family ate noisily, and they went through a roll of paper towels cleaning up their barbeque soaked hands and faces. It was nice to be able to catch up and chat. The group was very casual. Most everyone had on a T-shirt and comfortable shorts. Jon noticed Ashley had on a skimpy, white tank top. It seemed a little revealing for a family dinner.But hey, we're family on vacation...we all should be comfortable,he thought.
"So, Ashley, Jen tells me you spent the better part of last year in Europe?" Jon asked. "That sounds pretty amazing. What were you doing out there?"
"Oh yeah, it was beyond amazing. I was there a little over a year, I think. Germany, France, Amsterdam. Mostly backpacking, staying in hostels, experiencing various cultures and ways of life. I really think it will help with the book I'm writing."
"You're writing a book?" Jon asked. "What about?"
"Yeah. I'm not really sure, actually. About life. About my experiences. About people, relationships, freedom and exploring your desires."
Jon was pretty sure he knew what she was talking about and thought it best to end the conversation before it got too inappropriate for a family dinner. "That sounds fascinating. You'll have to let me know when I can read a copy."Is she not wearing a bra?He suddenly noticed a faint outline of her nipples through her thin tank top and also noticed how intently Adam was looking at her.This could get pretty inappropriate fast.
It was getting late and the conversation was dying down. "Alright, I think it's a good time to call it a night, guys. I've gotta get up early, go to the gym, then the store and do some things around the house tomorrow. We've got a big day ahead of us. Try to get some sleep." Jon got up and started to clear the table. Everyone helped with their plates and went off to their separate areas.
Ashley brought a few dishes over to the sink. "Those ribs were delicious," she leaned in and kissed him on the cheek. "Thanks again for letting me stay with you guys. I think the peace and quiet will help with the book. Well, goodnight." She gave him a rub on the shoulder and walked away.
She is a sweetheart, Jon thought.And probably a heartbreaker too.He couldn't help but notice her shorts and how they barely covered her round butt as she walked away. He laughed at how differently kids dressed today compared to when he was in his twenties.
Jon walked over to his wife, who was sitting in the living room with her laptop and gave her a kiss goodnight. "Think you'll be long?"
"Not too much longer. Just want to make sure I have all the details straight for tomorrow...it's the big day...first day of class."
"You're going to do great. The kids are going to love you." He kissed her on the top of her head while reaching down and giving her left breast a soft squeeze. That made her laugh, and she playfully slapped his hand.
"Go to bed, Jon," she said with a smile.
As soon as Jon's head hit the pillow, it seemed like he was already hearing his alarm clock go off. He hit snooze and soon popped out of bed before the second alarm went off. Despite the different location, it was soothing to follow a familiar routine.
After getting dressed and finishing his pre-workout shake, he hopped in the car and drove through the town. There were no other cars when he pulled into the parking lot of Heather's Health and Wellness Center. According to his research, this was the only gym around for miles. It also touted its famous spa.Famous my ass, he thought to himself as he grabbed his gym bag and headed toward the humble brick building. The sign on the door said open, but it didn't look like anyone was there. The front desk was empty. He wasn't sure if he could just walk in, or if he needed to sign anything or what.
"Hello? Anyone here?" He looked around and found a small sign on the desk:
I've stepped away for a minute and will return shortly. Please enjoy our facilities.
"Good enough for me." Jon made his way into the only door he could find labeled Locker Room.Seems a little odd...I hope this is the men's room.It was a tiny room. The changing area was not much bigger than a normal bedroom, with the outer walls surrounded by lockers. He put his bag in one of the lockers and made his way out toward the gym. On his way, he passed the open showers and a door labeled,Steam Room. Both were empty.Guess I'm the first one here.
The weight room was surprisingly large and well equipped. He had total reign of the place and was very pleased with his workout. Jon took advantage of the space and enjoyed seeing himself in the mirror. Since no one was around, he could look at himself more freely. He flexed his arms a few times and felt a little silly, but it gave him confidence when he did it.
Standing there, twisting to show off his sculpted angles he smiled and finally walked into the locker room. Again, there was no one around. For maybe the first time in his life, Jon decided to go for it and completely strip for a shower.No one is here...might as well give it a try,he thought as he quickly slid his workout shorts down, followed by his now swear-covered boxers. His semi-erect cock bounced around freely from the movement, which only served to arouse him more.
His heart beat faster as he kept looking around to see if anyone was coming in. This was a new feeling, but the rush somehow felt familiar. Jon grabbed a towel and headed toward the showers. Rather than cover himself with the towel, he decided to just hold it to the side and walk freely and uncovered.So, this is what it feels like for all those guys I see do this every morning.
On his way to the showers, he peeked in the steam room and thought this might feel good after his workout. With his towel in hand, he opened the door slowly and stepped into the steamy fog. The thick heat surrounded his body like a blanket. It was a little hard to breathe, but it felt incredible.
"Hey, close the door will ya?" a soft voice called out. "You're letting out all the steam."
Startled, he quickly shut the door. It was hard to keep from letting out a yell at the shock. After a moment Jon remembered he was naked, and crumpled the towel into a ball, covering his crotch even though he could barely see a foot in front of his face. "I'm sorry, I didn't know anyone was...I thought this was. I'm sorry. I should have been covered," he blurted out nervously.
"It's quite alright," she said with a giggle. He could just start to make out her shape and saw her wrap a towel around her front to cover up revealing only a hint of flesh through the steam. "I rarely cover up, but then again I'm usually alone."
Jon walked over to the bench beside her. He unraveled his towel and wrapped it around his waist deliberately and slowly giving her a similar brief glimpse covered by steam.
As the steam slowly started to settle, he could make out a little more of her features. Her blonde hair was in a ponytail, she had tan skin and from what he could tell, she was in incredible shape. A tiny bit of cleavage was poking out above her wrapped towel; just enough to make him sorry he couldn't see more.
Jon felt compelled to start a conversation with this gorgeous woman. "Do you come here often?"Stupidest line in the book. "I mean you just look so comfortable in the heat."
She giggled at his awkwardness. "I try to get in here once a day, give or take." She reached her hand over to him, "I'm Heather."
He took her soft, delicate hand in his, "I'm Jon. It's a pleasure." He paused for a moment as a lightbulb went off in his head, "Heather as inHeather's Health and Wellness Center?"
She nodded.
"That explains why you're barely breaking a sweat. I'm sweating my balls off over here," he said with a nervous laugh hoping he didn't go too far.
"Yeah, I saw that," she gave him a coy smile that made Jon blush.
"You get used to the heat. Eventually, you come to need that special kind of release you can only get in here." She undid her front towel and opened it up slightly revealing her hidden curves that were still concealed in thick shadows, only to wrap the towel more securely. "Of course, the towels do make it slightly less comfortable."
"I'm sorry, am I in the female steam room? Is this coed?" Jon asked wondering if he messed up.
"Both actually."
Jon looked confused.
"When I first opened this place, it was an all-female spa for massages and saunas and steam rooms. But it's a small town. As you can imagine, there wasn't enough business with just women. So, I converted some of the space into a gym and made it coed. That's why there's only one locker room."
"Ahhh, I see."
"Most of the time it's not an issue. We don't get too many people in at once," she smiled at Jon.
"Well, I'm glad it allows guys. Otherwise, I'd have nowhere to work out this summer."
"Are you one of those works out at the asscrack of dawn guys?" she asked jokingly.
"Afraid I am."
She eyed him up and down. "Yeah, it looks like it," Heather said with another warm smile. She changed the subject before he had a chance to respond to her compliment. "It also looks like you're starting to get used to the heat."
"It's not so bad, once your body gets acclimated," Jon said.
"Glad you're warmed up. I'm about to add the saltwater to the coals. It has a soothing effect on your whole body."
Jon slightly moaned thinking how good that will feel on his sore muscles.
"I will warn you; it gets a lot hotter." She stood up, holding her towel close to her chest and walked over to the wooden box. She pulled out a ladle filled with salty water and poured it over the coals. It hissed and a new cloud of steam surrounded her.
Her image started to fade in the mist, just in time to cover her as she lowered her towel. He thought he saw her bare ass for just a moment, but he couldn't tell if he imagined it.
A misty, steam-covered curvy silhouette walked toward him. It was like the perfect tease of seeing her shape and tight curves without actually seeing any detail. Heather placed her towel over the bench and sat down a little closer to him.
Jon began breathing a little heavier, partially because a gorgeous naked woman was sitting next to him, and partially because it was starting to feel hotter than hell.
"It really does help if you remove your towel. If this was a European steam room, you might even be yelled at for remaining covered," she giggled.
Jon stood up, undid his towel and placed it on the bench, now feeling completely exposed save for the fog. "I certainly don't want to get yelled at," Jon said with a smile, standing stark naked in front of her, wondering if she could see anything. He sat down and opened his legs a little wider than usual due to the heat. She must have done the same because he felt her leg brush against his. It was hard not to get turned on by that.
For the first time since he walked in unawares, they were both silently enjoying the invigorating heat on their exposed bodies. Jon kept looking over occasionally, but she was still hidden in steam. The thought of being so close to her naked body while still not being able to see her drove Jon wild.
Eventually, she stood up and grabbed her towel. "I've got to get back to the front desk." She walked over to the door, towel in hand not bothering to cover up in the masking steam. "It was so good to meet you. I hope to see more of you," she smiled slyly and opened the door to head out.
As the cool outside air mixed with the steam, he could see just a glimpse of her walking away as the door closed.That might be the hottest naked woman I've barely seen,Jon thought. As he relaxed and looked down, he was shocked to find his penis was no longer dangling between his thighs.How long have I been hard? Did Heather see it?The thought both terrified and excited him.
8. JEN
Jen awoke to an empty bed, which was not unusual. Jon must have found a new gym to try. She stretched her arms up over her head allowing the sheets to fall just under her exposed breasts as she yawned once more still slowly waking up. She got out of bed and hopped in the shower, getting more and more excited for her first day of volunteering.
After the shower, she agonized over what to wear before realizing she was being silly and decided to keep it simple. Jeans and a comfy white vee-neck T-shirt. It was loose, comfortable and whether she admitted it or not, it showed off just the right amount of cleavage. She threw her bag over her shoulder and hit the road.
It was about a two-mile walk to the school, and she enjoyed the unfamiliar scenery. Beautiful forests, ponds, clean air; all things she rarely saw in her normal suburban home. The morning sun rose higher and beat down on her tender skin. By the time she got to the tiny brick building, her shirt was almost see-through with all the sweat. Thank goodness she wore a thicker bra today.
Jen entered the building and found the classroom. And there he was. In person. Erik was scrubbing a desk with a rag and she noticed his muscular arms right away before noticing the rest of him. He had dark hair, what looked like a permanent five o'clock shadow and carried an overall rugged look to him. This was quite a contrast from her neatly groomed husband. She couldn't help but think he looked...burly was the wrong word, but he just looked manly in a way she couldn't put her finger on.
"Hey! You must be Jen." He came over and wrapped his arms around her for a big hug before she even knew it. She was still entranced but finally returned the hug.
After he let go, she looked down and noticed her nipples were hard and wondered if it was from the AC or the hug. Had to be the AC.
"It's so great to finally meet." He said genuinely with a smile that lit up the room.
"I can't tell you how excited I am." She replied, unable to hide her giddiness. She laughed at how eager she sounded.
"That's great. The kids are going to love you!"
"I hope so. How can I help set up?" Jen offered.
"The kids should be here shortly. If you want to set out some supplies on each desk, that would be great."
She grabbed some pencils and sketchbooks and placed them at the desks. While doing so, she noticed the incredible charcoal portraits on the wall. "These are amazing. Did you do all of them?"
"Thanks. Yeah, I did them a while ago. I hope it inspires the kids." He said humbly.
I'm inspired, she thought. "What's the plan for the kids today?"
"I thought we'd keep it simple and stick to the basics. I'll set up some objects on this table and the kids can practice drawing still lifes." He smiled at her, "and we can walk around giving them pointers."
"What makes you think I'm qualified to give pointers on drawings...I can't draw like that." She said pointing at his portraits.
"If you're a former art student and can't help little kids with a simple drawing." He laughed and lightly put his hand on hers, "then I don't know what to tell you."
She laughed and was glad he wasn't uptight.This is going fine...so why am I so nervous?
"You'll do great. I chose you as the volunteer because you seemed to be just as passionate about art as I am. And the kids will see that." He looked her softly in the eyes and smiled.
She noticed a new kind of butterflies in her stomach when she stared back.
The kids started to trickle in, and soon Erik was describing to them how to envision the objects to see them for what they really are. Jen was jealous of how he must see the world. Every object with its own unique beauty.
As the day went on, Jen began getting more comfortable and had already helped several kids. When class was over, she was glowing with a sense of satisfaction she hadn't had in years.
A number of days passed in this same way, slowly getting to know the kids and more importantly, getting to know Erik. Each day she seemed to like it more. She seemed to like him more.
"What did you think of your first week?" Erik asked as he was cleaning up.
"Has it been a week already? It was beyond amazing. I had no idea it would feel that good," she laughed knowing how dorky she must sound.
"That's why I do it. Few things give me as much pleasure." They shared another moment of longer than necessary eye contact before laughing. "Come on, I'll show you the lesson plans for the whole semester." He walked into his office and she followed.
In the small room, there were even more drawings on the walls and several paintings, too. Most of them were figure drawings of beautiful women. Tasteful nudes with such mastery of light and shadow she could have sworn some were photos. "Erik, did you do all these too? These are...these are unbelievable."
"Oh thank you, that's kind of you to say." He paused and his face turned plain. "I haven't done a figure drawing in several years."
"How come? If I had half your talent I would never stop drawing." She sounded almost offended by his lack of appreciation for his gift.
He sighed reflectively, "Years ago, right after college, I lived in a few big cities, New York, Chicago, LA. All of them had amazing art scenes. A good community of students, several studios and even more models willing to pose. They were some of the best times of my life. But I started to wonder how the kids of smaller towns would ever be exposed to the world of art? It didn't seem fair that geography determined if you could get fine art training. So I gave up the city life, moved out to the middle of nowhere to spread the gift of art."
Jen was touched. "That's so nice of you."
"But as a result, my own training and practice have paid the price. You may have guessed, but there aren't too many people willing to pose nude for figure drawing out here in a town this small." He shrugged his shoulders.
"I'll do it." Jen blurted out before she realized what she was saying.What did I just offer?
"Whoa, I realize how that might have sounded, but really, I wasn't trying to get you to pose nude for me. I mean, of course, I'd like to...I mean, I would love to be able to do a figure drawing again, but you don't have to do that." He said awkwardly, afraid she would think he was trying to seduce her into getting naked for him.
"No really, it's a shame to let your talent go to waste. I took several figure drawing classes in college years ago, it's not just staring at a naked model. It's hard work to make a beautiful drawing. Well, it was for me anyway." She said, now trying to rationalize why she offered to pose nude after barely meeting him. "Besides, you're not a perv." She said with a laugh.
"I don't know about that..." He said with a soft laugh, and a teasing smile. "How about you think it over for a few days and talk it out with your husband before making a decision."
I am not telling my husband. "Good idea."
"And if you still want to do it, we can do it after class on Friday. How does that sound?"
"Sounds perfect." Her stomach was once again filled with butterflies.What have I done?
Erik went over the lesson plan and they both seemed to be equally distracted. Their minds were somewhere else, and Jen wondered if his mind went to the same place as hers.
She walked home after class, her whole body once again was covered in sweat. But there was a different kind of wetness she noticed between her legs from thinking about Friday.
9. LEXIE
Later that evening Lexie put on an oversized T-shirt to get ready for bed but knew she was far too excited to fall asleep any time soon. There were a number of bathing suits laid out on the bed and she was staring at them so intensely, she didn't hear the knock on the door.
Ashley walked in and startled her. "Hey Lex, whatcha doing?"
"Just trying to find the right suit for tomorrow," she said, still examining the bikinis.
"What's tomorrow?"
"Oh, I didn't tell you? I'm getting a private swim course from Mark to pass the lifeguard test," she said with obvious excitement.
There was too much to ask at this point, so Ashley just went along with it. "I see, and you want to find the right suit for swimming or the right suit that shows off your body?" she teased.
Lexie blushed. "Maybe a bit of both." She held up a couple of suits to her body going back and forth. "Can you help me?"
"Course I can." She eyed her up and down. "It's hard to tell over that baggy shirt you have on. Why don't you try on that blue one in your left hand."
Lexie nodded in agreement and turned slightly sideways and bent to remove her underwear discreetly. She slipped on the blue bikini bottom and turned her back to Ashley, removed her shirt and slipped on the strapless top. Finally, she spun around to show off the suit. "What do you think?"
Ashley walked around her slowly taking in her whole shape. Before she could even respond, Lexie said, "I'm looking for something that will make my butt look smaller and my boobs look bigger."
"You don't want to make your butt look smaller. First of all, it's not that big, second of all guys like a nice butt they can grab."
Lexie looked confused.
"Trust me," Ashley said as she slapped her own ass and grabbed a handful. "Your boobs look great, by the way."
Lexie smiled. Her B cups were not large, but what they lacked in size they made up for with perkiness.
"Let's keep trying on more bottoms. These ones don't flatter your shape."
"How so?" Lexie asked, confused again.
"The suit is fine, but I think it's a little too small. See right here," she pointed to her lower cheeks, "where the suit ends it's so tight it makes your ass pour out over here. It's not your butt at all, it's the tightness of the bikini."
"Ahh, I see," she never really noticed or thought about that before. "These are a couple years old, that's why." She spun around once more to see all sides of herself.
"Whoa, didn't notice that either. You definitely can't wear these," Ashley said.
"What now?"
"Look at the front..."
"What about the front?" Lexie started to get self-conscious.
"Lex, I can see your camel toe clear as day."
Lexie blushed immediately and slightly covered her crotch.
"It's no big deal. I'm positive Mark will want to see your pussy, but not like that, not when your lips are getting squished out of your bikini," she laughed.
Lexie felt really embarrassed but tried her best to laugh it off.
"Don't worry, try these ones." Ashley handed her a neon yellow bikini.
"These are even skimpier. Won't that just make it worse?"
"They cover less, but they're a bigger size. I think it will be more flattering. Try 'em on."
Lexie turned sideways and tried to hide as much as possible as she lowered her tight blue bikini. She had changed in front of other girls before, but never while one was examining her. It felt awkward, but she kind of liked the attention. Lexie turned her body, so she was facing Ashley from the side, and slid on the neon yellow bikini bottoms.
They felt more revealing but much more comfortable. She spun around to show off the new suit. "How do these look?"
"Hot, girl!" She exclaimed. "See how your ass looks firm and round right here?" She pointed and lightly brushed the side of her cheek. "The bottom of your cheeks look amazing. Even I want to grab your ass now."
Lexie loved hearing the compliments. No one had actually ever talked about her butt before. It was nice to hear. Even from a cousin. Though she felt slightly disappointed Ashley didn't actually grab her ass, even as a joke.
"Alright, time for the real test, let's see how much of your va-jay-jay is showing."
Lexie felt a nervous excitement as she turned around. "Are my lips poking out?" She asked trying to act casual, making a joke out of it.
"Nope, everything looks great. Can't even see an indent of your slit at all." She pointed toward the side of her crotch. "You just need to shave, and you'll be all set."
"Shave? Like all of it?" Lexie sounded concerned.
"No. Well not unless you want to. But as a minimum, you don't want to have any hair coming out on the sides. You could shave it all or just leave a strip above your slit," Ashley replied as if it was no big deal to talk about it.
"Oh, right. Well, what do you think I should do? What do you do with yours?" Lexie asked nervously.
Ashley lowered her cotton shorts unabashedly revealing everything. "I leave a little strip on top."
Lexie stared mesmerized. She had seen friends change before, but truthfully never got a good look at another vagina. Not like this, anyway.
"Guys like a little bit of hair up here." She ran her fingers over her dark, coarse and neatly trimmed hair. "But they usually like it to be smooth near your lips." She let her fingers slide around her outer labia, up and down on both sides.
Lexie was amazed by how confident Ashley was. Fascinated by her strokes, and how open she was. She was even more surprised by how much she wanted to feel Ashley's smoothness.
"I was right around your age when I first started to shave there. My older sister showed me how," she laughed. "I was too afraid I'd cut myself all over the place."
Lexie looked sheepishly at the floor and then back up at Ashley, not wanting their intimate girl time to end. "Would you mind showing me how to do it?" She blushed and immediately tried to take it back. "You don't have to; I can figure it out."
"Nonsense, Lex. I'd be glad to show you. That's what girls are for!"
Ashley had a way of making everything seem like no big deal. A much-needed calming presence for an anxious, inexperienced teen.But how is she going to show me?She wondered.
Ashley took her by the hand and walked into the adjoining bathroom. Lexie quickly made sure both of the Jack and Jill doors were shut.
Ashley stared at her expectantly. "First thing you'll want to do is take off your bikini," she laughed as if that step was obvious.
"Right, of course." Lexie nearly panicked and put her T-shirt back on as a way to cover more of herself up before nervously lowering her bikini down over her legs and off her feet.
Ashley gently lifted the bottom of Lexie's shirt to get a clear view. "Let's see what we're working with."
It took everything Lexie had not to squeeze her legs shut, not to giggle, and not to squirm. This was such a strange feeling having her cousin stare at her most intimate spots.
"First, you'll need to trim the hair since it's too long to take a razor to it right now." She found some scissors in a drawer and handed them to Lexie.
Lexie tried to balance holding up her T-shirt and scissors. While she felt more comfortable with the T-shirt covering more of her, it was clearly making the task at hand nearly impossible.
"Either remove your shirt or I can help cut for you," Ashley offered.
Not wanting to be completely nude in front of her cousin, she handed Ashley the scissors and lifted her shirt above her waist exposing her furry mound.
Ashley gently took a tuft of Lexie's hair between her fingers and pulled it away from the skin. The first snip startled Lexie. She giggled a little from the sound. The next few snips Ashley had to get her hands even closer to her slit in order to grab the hair. Lexie felt a rush and a strange tingle, all while trying not to show her embarrassment.
"This is so weird," she giggled as she felt the foreign fingers nearly brush over her sex.
"It's already starting to make a difference. You can see more of your lips now," Ashley said as she brushed the loose hairs off her slit.
Lexie liked the look of it better already.
"That's about all we can trim. We'll have to shave the rest." Ashley looked around the room for how to best do this. "It's easiest to do this in the shower. Tell ya what, mine needs a touch up anyway. I'll hop in the shower with you and show you how I do it."
"That would be nice, actually," she admitted. Going through this with someone who knows what they're doing and has been totally open about everything made her look up to Ashley even more.
Right on cue, after thinking how much she admired how confident Ashley was with her body, she pulled her shirt up and over her head. Lexie was amazed by how easily Ashley did that without hesitating.But then again, I'd have confidence with breasts like those.They were perfect in Lexie's eyes. Probably D cups and super perky. Before she could continue that thought, Ashley removed her cotton shorts and was already completely nude in front of her.
Lexie was starting to wonder if Ashley caught on to her staring. She couldn't help it, though. Ashley was the essence of womanhood to her. Sexy, curvy, confident. Everything Lexie wanted to be. God, she was amazing.
Ashley walked by her to get in the shower. Lexie caught herself now watching her round ass as she stepped into the tub.Why can I not stop staring?She finally snapped out of it and removed her nightgown and joined her in the shower. The water started out cold but quickly warmed up. Although she wished her breasts were bigger, she was relieved to see her nipples were not the only ones that had grown hard from the water.
Lexie could barely believe what was happening. She'd never done anything like this before in her life. Nor had she ever had any desire to really look at another naked girl, but now she couldn't look away.
"I always start with the sides here," Ashley said, pointing to the crease where her legs met her groin and made an upward stroke with the razor. She went over and over the area, feeling it after she finished. "Now it's completely a matter of personal taste, but for me, I don't like to have any hair below my clit." She traced her outer labia with her hand to show her the area and gently pulled up her lips to shave.
"It helps if the skin is tight, like this, it's easier to slide the razor over." She continued to demonstrate without the slightest bit of awkwardness.
Lexie was fixated on her slit. "It looks so smooth!" She almost reached out and touched it but got too nervous.
Ashley giggled, "And yours will too. Here, you try." She handed Lexie the razor.
Slow at first, she started on the sides just as she saw Ashley do. After a few strokes, it was almost like looking at someone else's vagina. "I look like a porn star," she giggled.
"It looks sexy. I'd want to lick it," Ashley paused. "If I was Mark I mean," and gave her a little wink.
When Lexie was finished, she asked, "How did I do?"
Ashley reached over and lightly ran her fingers over the shaved areas around her lips. "Pretty good! Just a couple stubbly spots you missed. The problem with shaving is once you do it, you have to make sure that all the areas are all smooth. Little coarse stubble will actually feel pretty sharp, especially on Mark's tongue."
That last comment made Lexie really blush. "I don't even know if he likes me."
"Either way, it will feel nicer without the stubble. Here feel mine."
Lexie couldn't believe she just offered that and believed it even less that she wanted to do it. "Are you sure?"
"Geez, it's just skin. Besides it's not like you're the first girl to touch my pussy."
That made Lexie realize how little she actually knew Ashley and all the adventures she's had in her life. Lexie reached over, lightly placed her fingers over the strip of hair above her slit and gently explored the areas to the sides, noting how smooth they were. She couldn't stop and her fingers ran down the side of her lips and back up the other and once down the middle.
Ashley closed her eyes and let out a quiet, breathy moan.
"You're right that is smooth," Lexie replied as she finally removed her hands from Ashley's sex. She took the razor and finished off any stubble left on the sides of her lips.
"Perfect," Ashley exclaimed looking at Lexie's groomed slit. "Alright, I think that'll do it for tonight." She shut off the water and opened the curtain to step out. "I'm exhausted. And now I have to go rub one out before I can sleep," she winked at Lexie.
"What does that mean?" Lexie asked, painfully aware of how little she knew.
"Nothing, just gonna finish what we started. That's all."
Lexie still looked confused.
"Well that's a lesson for a different day," Ashley said as she finished drying herself off and wrapped a towel around herself, covering up for the first time in nearly half an hour.
Lexie still hadn't left the tub.
Ashley took another look at her naked and now groomed body. "God Mark is going to want you." She walked over and gave Lexie a big hug and a kiss on the cheek. "This was fun," she whispered in her ear and left the room.
Later that evening, Lexie stayed awake in her bed replaying in her mind all the events that happened. It was hard to determine if she was more excited thinking about Mark or what just happened with Ashley. She didn't fully know what it was, but she was sure this strange tingly feeling between her legs was really starting to make her anxious. She tried to ignore it, but eventually, her mind returned to the unfamiliar thoughts. She was starting to enjoy it.
10. ADAM
The next morning Adam was still half asleep and was conscious enough to know he was having an incredible dream. He couldn't make out the details, but as usual, it made him super hard. After tossing and turning, he gripped his eager erection under the sheets and started to tease himself, getting more deliberate with each stroke.
Adam rolled onto his back to finish the task at hand. His eyes started to open, and he blinked a few times. As they came into focus, he saw someone sitting at his desk using his laptop.
"Ashley!? What the fuck?" he yelled, both surprised and embarrassed.
"I just wanted to see if your internet connection was any better in here. I don't get a signal in the loft," she said calmly.
God this was embarrassing.Did she see me jerking off this whole time?Up until now, she hadn't even looked over this way.Maybe she didn't notice,he tried to convince himself. Even if she didn't see his arm moving under the sheets, she had to have seen the several crusty and crumpled tissues on the floor around his desk and the side of his bed. He usually cleaned those up in the morning to hide the sticky evidence, but then again usually no one was in his room before he woke up.
"Geez, you could have knocked," he finally said.
"I did knock, silly. You didn't answer. Must have been a good dream," she said with a sly smile.
Oh god, she does know. Does she?
After a moment of panic, he realized she hadn't reacted like she just walked in on him. She either didn't see or maybe she just didn't care. Then he started to notice what she was wearing, cotton shorts that barely covered her round butt, and a thin T-shirt that barely reached her waist. Adam knew instantly by her slight jiggle; she wasn't wearing a bra. He started to get a little more turned on, not that his erection ever went away from his interrupted self-pleasuring session moments ago.
"Looks like your internet sucks just as much. Mind if I use your bathroom?"
He shuffled under the blanket to keep his erection from poking the sheets. "Oh, of course. Help yourself," Adam said, realizing the only entrances to the bathroom were through his and his sister's rooms. He was now starting to enjoy the thought of a pretty girl using his bathroom. Something he had seen in so many videos, but never in real life.If only I set up some kind of camera,he thought and snapped himself out of it.This is a new low even for me...she's your cousin.
He watched mesmerized as her butt cheeks bounced lightly when she entered the bathroom. Ashley shut the door halfway and Adam's eyebrows raised.Is she going to...with the door open?The thought alone made him even harder. Then he heard the unmistakable sound of her pee splashing the water behind the half-closed door. The scene was almost too much for him. Involuntarily he started to stroke his shaft knowing he'd have to stop in a few seconds.What's wrong with me?
Shortly after, he heard the flush and she was back in the room.
Too focused on what just happened to let it go, Adam asked, "Did you just go with the door open?"
"Umm, yeah? I mean I was only peeing," she giggled a little as if that was obvious. "Was that ok? I don't want to make you uncomfortable."
"Of course, you're right. It's no big deal," he quickly said.Stupid! She may not do it again.
"Good. I'm not a very formal person. I'm pretty open about most things. Well, I mean peeing is no big deal...but it's not like I'd take a shit with the door open. God that would be so embarrassing, can you even imagine?" she said laughing.
Yes, I can and do imagine that. All the time,he thought in his head, but all he could mutter was a nervous laugh. "Ha, yeah."
"I think maybe what's bothering you is that we've barely spent any time together just you and I. It's been years, of course you were wondering why this strange girl was peeing with the door open."
"It wasn't that, it's just my sister is so private about those things. It's kinda nice to see a more relaxed attitude."And it's fucking hot!
"Why hide something so natural and common?" she shrugged her shoulders and walked over to sit next to him on the bed.
He sat upright and covered his waist with his hands to keep his hard cock from pitching a tent under the blankets. His heart was beating about a thousand beats a minute.
"We should spend some time together. Just the two of us. We'll catch up and share some secrets. How does that sound?" she put her hand on his knee as she asked.
"Sounds great," was all he could say without gasping for air.
"Perfect. I was going to go hiking tomorrow by myself, but you should come. We'll be away from the family and can just be ourselves," she said with a smile.
As she sat on the bed her feet hung over the edge and rested on the floor right next to several cum-crusted tissues.
Adam nodded in agreement, still hunched over trying to stay covered.
"Alright, I'll leave you alone for now," she said as her foot clearly pushed one of the tissues aside. Ashley stood up and walked over to the door. "So, we're on for tomorrow, right?" She looked back at him. Her nipples easily visible through the fabric, her shorts barely covering her ass, it was all Adam could take.
"It's a date!"Why the hell did I say that?
"You're too cute," she giggled and closed the door behind her as she left.
As soon as the door closed, Adam threw the sheets off him and raced over to his desk. Instantly he had his cock in hand and one of his favorite videos playing:sorority girls peeing.The entire video had several different girls peeing, including hidden cams in the bathroom. He made it about 20 seconds into the video before he erupted and shot his load all over the floor. He was panting heavily taking in all that just happened and realized how much he just came. It was so intense he was still shaking.
Adam shut off the video shortly after and stared at the opened folder that had thumbnail previews of all his saved movies, most around peeing, spying, bathroom scenes, shower scenes, and more. As he looked at the tiny pics with still shots from the movies, he tried to think back to a minute ago. How did I get my video playing so fast? I have my porn folder hidden with several things to open before I can access it. Did I really open all those folders to get it playing that fast? Or did I leave the folder open from last night before bed?
His mind raced trying figure it out.God, Ashley was just using this laptop, too.His mind panicked again.Oh shit, if she saw this folder open...oh god, after she was on the computer, she peed with the door open. Holy fuck.His mind was going crazy with the possibilities.Did she see the video collection? Did she leave the door open just to mess with me? Did she want me to see her go?
There's no way. But why else would she? If she saw the videos, would she really ask me to go hiking with her? He no longer had a clue what to think. The folder had to have been closed. His heart was beating even faster now. His hand found his soft cock and quickly brought it to its fullest and opened another video: kissing, pissing cousins. He teased his tip and slid his skin up and down his shaft and spent his load almost instantly once again.
This time the intensity came from feeling strange.Cousins? What on earth is wrong with me?He climbed back into bed with a completely flaccid penis, feeling more confused and guilty than ever before.
11. JON
Jon made his way over to the gym bright and early the next morning. He could barely stop thinking about everything that happened last time with Heather. The teasing nudity, the light flirting, not knowing if she was just being herself or if she was really into him. It drove him mad all night. He was careful not to jerk off when he woke up, despite having a harder than usual erection. He thought the prolonged tease could somehow make his cock look bigger and fuller when she saw it.If she saw it.That also meant he was more likely to get an erection in front of her if they hung out in the sauna again. It would be embarrassing for sure, but he hoped that scenario would happen so he could watch her reaction as his large cock grew hard right in front of her. The thought alone already started to give him a little rush on the drive over.
The parking lot was empty again this morning. He grabbed his bag and walked up to the front desk and saw the same sign as the other day.Hopefully, she'll be here in a little bit, I'll enjoy the gym to myself until then,he thought to himself.
Jon walked into what he now understood was a mixed-gender locker room and put his bag in the same locker as the day before, already starting to form a new morning routine. This time he came in his regular clothes to give himself an excuse to change into his gym clothes. He took off his shirt and looked around the room and saw no one. Here goes nothing. And he removed his pants, and underwear and pretended to look through his bag like he couldn't find the gym clothes he was looking for. It was exhilarating and silly at the same time. He knew no one would come in this early, but the thought that Heather might pop in made his heart race. He fumbled in his bag for a good five minutes dragging it out. He walked over to the sink and back to his locker. That felt extra risky because he didn't have a good excuse for why he would be nude by the sink. The nervous feeling made his blood begin to flow into his member. The tingle made him hard and then he started to get second thoughts about the whole idea and quickly put on some clothes and began his workout.
His erection went away but his distractions did not. He kept imagining someone would walk through the door. He was getting even stranger exhibitionistic urges knowing no one was around. He imagined pulling the front of his shorts down between sets to see his dick in the mirror. But even in his imaginary fantasy, he quickly put it away for fear of getting caught.
He couldn't explain his sudden and undeniable urge to be seen naked. It was consuming his entire thought process. Jon drank far more water than usual to have to keep going into the locker room to pee. Each time it was empty, but the chance alone was enough to keep him excited.
After nearly two hours of a mediocre workout, he finally considered it finished and went into the locker room. The last time he finished his workout, he found Heather in the steam room and was hoping that would be the case again. Jon quickly stripped out of his workout clothes, grabbed a towel and confidently walked over to the steam room without covering up. He opened the door and walked in. The thick foggy steam surrounded him, and the room appeared to be empty.
It was hard not to be slightly disappointed. He set his towel on the bench and sat down with his legs wide open. Trying to be patient, Jon took several deep breaths and felt the sweat begin to drip down his body. It didn't take long for him to realize this was not nearly as fun by himself.
After what felt like 20 minutes, but was probably closer to five, Jon got up and left the steam room and made his way to the showers. They were in a small corner with four showerheads in a tight space with no dividers.Well, this would be fun if someone else was showering,he thought. You would practically have to be touching them in this little area. He washed up and soaped his body giving extra attention to his genitals.
It still felt good but was a bit of a letdown. Finally, he turned off the shower and walked back to his locker. By now he had pretty much given up hope of seeing Heather. He dried off for a while and was just about to get dressed. His backside was facing the door when he thought he heard a noise. His heart jumped.I knew she'd be here!Jon listened closely and sure enough, there were definite footsteps getting closer.
He couldn't help but smile as the rush took over his body. The door started to creek open. He casually reached down and gave his penis a gentle tug to ensure it was hanging nice and full.
"Oh hey, Jon," a familiar voice called out.
Heart beating faster and faster, he turned to face her.
"Hi, Heath...ASHLEY? Jesus titty-fucking Christ," he called out and quickly covered up his manhood. "What are you doing here?" he asked as he turned around now with his butt facing her.
"I heard about their steam room. It's supposed to be like the ones I went to in Europe. Very authentic," she said calmly as if nothing happened.
Jon wrapped the towel around himself. "Of course," he said, now feeling embarrassed knowing his niece just saw him fully naked and almost hard. He turned back around, now covered with a towel and found she didn't seem to be paying much attention. "I've used the steam room here a few times it's quite relaxing," he said trying to act casual.
He turned away from her and began to get dressed. He put his boxers on and then his jeans and turned back toward her.
She had already removed her shirt and shorts and was now standing openly in front of him in just her bra and panties.
Jon stared for a second before looking away.This is so weird. And holy cow does she have a nice body.He continued to get dressed with his back turned to her to give her some privacy. The last thing he needed was to be accused of staring at his niece.
Once he was fully dressed, he turned around, hoping she would be changed. She was. Sort of. She had on a soft cotton robe untied but wrapped around her body.
He threw his gym bag over his shoulder, ready to head out. "Hey, listen. Do me a favor and just don't tell Jen you saw my...saw me...uh."
She walked closer to him and put her hands on her hips, letting her robe fall open in the middle nearly exposing her perky round breasts, curvy hips and tiny strip of hair above her slit. "I didn't see anything. Did you?" She said as she grabbed her robe from each side and closed it around her body to finally cover up.
He couldn't help but eye her up and down during the brief show. "Not a thing," he laughed and headed toward the door.
"Oh Jon, Jen really is a lucky woman. Really lucky," she winked and disappeared into the steam room.
Jon left shaking his head. You never know what's going to happen at this place. On his way out in the parking lot, he saw Heather walking in.
"Jon! I tried to get here earlier but I had an appointment."
"No worries. Thanks for leaving the place open. I enjoyed another great steam after my workout."
"I'm sorry I missed that," she said with a sly grin. "But I'm glad I ran into you. I was thinking since I really don't know much about working out and judging from what I saw, it looks like you could show me a thing or two...so I was wondering if you'd want to work out together? Sort of like my personal trainer, and in return, you can work out for free here. How does that sound?" She asked with her eyebrows arched, a little nervous waiting for the response.
"Sounds great," Jon said with a smile. "See you here bright and early tomorrow."
"Deal," she couldn't hide her grin.
As Jon got into his car his mind went wild trying to imagine the workout and wondered if each session would end in the steam room. His jeans began to feel even tighter around his crotch. A feeling he was starting to get used to after seeing Heather.
12. JEN
Jen could hardly sleep the next few nights. She kept imagining Erik drawing her. Transforming her into a beautiful masterpiece. The thought made her giddy and anxious all over. And slightly guilty for not telling Jon yet. Yet? Should she tell him at all?I should. I can't. She went back and forth in her head like that constantly.
After stepping out of the shower, she took a much longer look at herself in the mirror noticing her flaws, her curves, how she looked from different angles. Which angles made her breasts look better, perkier. Which angles made her stomach look flatter, which showed off her butt. Which poses Erik would want to see. Which poses would make Erik want to see even more of her.
She got a little hot thinking about it and realized she had been staring at her naked body for nearly twenty minutes. She quickly threw on a bra and T-shirt like any other day and hit the road. She walked much faster this day. Partly because she didn't want to be late, and partly to see Erik sooner.
By the time she arrived, she was covered in sweat again.Great, I must be looking pretty attractive to him right about now. She walked in and saw him arranging materials and supplies for the day.
"Hey, Jen! You came back for week two, glad I didn't scare you off," his large, genuine smile appeared, and she was swooning all over again.
"You kidding me? I loved my first week," she looked at her feet, wondering who would bring up the figure drawing conversation first. Neither did.
The kids started to come in and soon the day was well underway. Helping the students was about the only thing that kept her from thinking about Erik. She welcomed the brief respite from her teenage crush.
Soon enough class was already over and the kids were heading home. Erik was at his desk busy filling his sketchbook.
"Whatcha drawing?" Jen asked.
"Oh, nothing," he closed the sketchbook and laughed.
"Not fair! You have to show me now!" She went over to his side of the desk and playfully tried to grab it from him. It wasn't hard for him to keep it away from her, but he gave in and let her take it.
Jen flipped through the pages and eventually found what he was trying to hide. It was a sketch of her from the shoulders up. "Erik this is beautiful!"
"No, you're beautiful. I was just trying to capture your likeness," he said humbly.
She was touched. "Did you do this during class?"
"Mostly. Some in class, a little at home last night, too."
He was thinking of me at home last night. She was speechless.
"Listen, Jen. I've been thinking, I really would love to do the figure drawing, but there's no way your husband will be ok with..."
"He said yes," she lied.
"Really?" Erik asked surprised.
"He said he trusted me, and it was for art, so he was okay with it,' she lied again.
Erik stood and placed his hands on the sides of her arms. "Sounds like you have an amazing husband."
That made her feel incredibly guilty. "I do."
He eyed her up and down before making direct eye contact. "I can't say I'd want another man seeing your body if I was married to such a gorgeous woman."
That took her breath away.
He leaned in toward her.
What is he doing?!
He gave her a soft kiss on the cheek. She stood there with her eyes closed breathing audibly now. He kissed her cheek again, this time a little closer to her lips.
Unable to stop herself, she turned her face slightly to meet his lips and return the kiss. When their lips met, she trembled. She broke the kiss almost immediately and started to head out.
"See you tomorrow," she called out without turning around. Walking the whole way home wondering what she has done and if she really should go through with posing after that.
She tried to remember a time that felt more intense but couldn't. Her body was shaking, too many emotions and thoughts and adrenaline coursing through her body. She was so turned on she couldn't stand it. Still, on the dirt road, she stepped off and stood beside a tree hidden from the main path and slid her hand inside her panties. She was as wet as she'd ever been. Her finger traced her lips and teased her clit until her whole body shook with pleasure. It was frightening how good the immediate gratification felt. She stayed there for another twenty minutes wondering what could happen if she actually went through with this fantasy. It scared her but it also made her feel alive.
13. ADAM
Adam was stirring all morning, unable to focus on much of anything with so many confusing thoughts in his head.Did she see my fetish folder of girls going to the bathroom? Did she know that when she peed with the door open? Am I crazy for thinking that? Not to mention this hiking business. She must have not been too grossed out by my fetish if she still asked me to hike with her, right?
He really didn't know what to make of any of it. Least of all the hiking. Adam had never been hiking but was excited for it. Truthfully, he was less excited about hiking as he was spending more time with Ashley alone, just the two of them. That got him really excited, a little too excited. Twice he tried to relieve the built-up pressure in his cock that morning, but each time he stopped thinking how wrong it was that she was his cousin. And that pretty much summed up his torturous morning.
He put on some mesh shorts and a T-shirt to be comfortable and went down to meet Ashley. She was waiting for him in the kitchen and had on a soft cotton tank top and short khaki shorts that fell just below her round bottom. Looking cute in a style all her own, Adam could see the outline of her bra underneath her shirt and knew this was going to be a strange trip.
"Morning, sleepyhead," Ashley laughed and grabbed her backpack. "All set?"
Adam nodded sheepishly.
"Let's go!"
They went out the back door toward the trail to the nearby forest. Ashley led and Adam followed. She seemed to be enjoying the scenery, the unimaginably tall trees, the wildflowers sprinkling color into an otherwise green canvas. Adam was equally enjoying the view, but his eyes rarely left Ashley's backside.
For the first mile or so they barely spoke. As the sun climbed higher in the sky, the day grew warmer. Ashley took out her canteen and had a sip of water. She then offered it to Adam, and he gladly drank from the same bottle. He thought that was almost like a kiss, sharing the same mouthpiece. But quickly dismissed the thought as silly and wrong.
"I heard you mention you were trying to write a book?" Adam asked trying to break the silence.
"Trying is the key word."
"You said it's about your experiences. What does that really mean?"
"I'm still working on that. They say write what you know. I know about my life. My time in Europe, my bizarre encounters. Somehow it will probably include elements of all those things, but there's still a lot I need to work out."
Adam nodded.
"What about you? What's going on in your life?" she turned the conversation to him.
"Not much," he shrugged plainly.
"Oh, I don't believe that. How's school? Got any girls you like?"
Adam blushed. "Well school sucks, I don't have any specific girls I like. I just like girls," he felt silly after saying that.
"I completely understand," she said.
"You do?" He found that hard believe.
"Of course. It wasn't that long ago that I was in high school. I remember wanting boyfriends. Badly! Not really a specific boy, just the idea of it. Someone to share secrets with. Be intimate with. To hold."
Adam nodded and started to realize they weren't that different.
"Plus, I really wanted to know what sex was like," she giggled.
Adam blushed. He could relate to that more than anything, but he kept quiet, too embarrassed to admit it. They shared another sip of water together and continued on their hike. The trails were breathtaking. The steady noise of babbling brooks in the distance, the glowing rays of sunshine piercing through the thick canopy, even the air smelled amazing.
Adam liked where the conversation was headed earlier and was afraid his silence is why she stopped talking about sex. It was nice hearing he wasn't the only one who thought about sex in a similar way. He was equally enjoying walking behind her watching her cheeks move and bounce hypnotically and spent much of the time trying to imagine exactly what her ass looked like without shorts. He had stared at it so much, he figured he could pick her ass out of a lineup of 100 butts.
She stopped abruptly. "Alright, pee break time."
The words made Adam's heart race. "Yeah, I have to go too. But where?" He looked around for someplace private.
She raised her arms out to the sides and nodded to the general area.
"What, here?" Adam asked now slightly breathing faster.
"We're in the middle of bumfuck nowhere. The world is your toilet. Who's going to see or care?" She said nonchalantly. "We'll just go on opposite sides of this tree here."
The tree was not quite as wide as a person, and he wondered how this would actually work.
"I'll pee on this side and you go on that side. It's no big deal." Without waiting for a response, she got on the opposite side of the tree, with her back facing Adam and the tree in between them.
Adam could still see the outline of her hips on both sides of the narrow tree. She lowered her shorts and squatted in one quick motion. He could just make out a tiny edge of her cheeks sticking out on both sides of the tree.Holy fuckwas all he could think as he started to hear the sound of her pee hitting the ground and splashing off the leafy terrain.
Adam quickly realized he better start peeing soon before she wondered what he was doing. He nervously pulled his cock out and aimed at the tree. He couldn't go. He was too focused on what he was hearing and partially seeing to be able to relax enough to pee. Plus, the feeling of the natural air on his member was a completely foreign feeling that almost tingled.
Adam leaned to the right and saw a little more of her fleshy behind hovering a foot off the ground. This might have been the closest he'd been to seeing a naked girl in real life. And it showed. His cock was now holding itself up pointing at the tree, which did not make peeing any easier.
Mesmerized, Adam took another step to his right to see more of her. Now he could actually see the side of her face as she looked off in the distance. Her butt was too close to the tree to see her crack.
He was only a couple of feet from her now. If she turned her head, she would see him standing there with a huge hard-on. The thought frightened him and somehow made him even harder.
The sound of her trickle was starting to die down. Adam stepped back to his original spot so she wouldn't catch him sneaking a peek. He could see her beginning to stand and shaking her hips now, trying to get rid of the last drops in lieu of toilet paper. She stood and pulled her panties and shorts up. It all happened in a flash.
Adam still hadn't peed, and she was all done. Panic started to set in as Ashley walked around the tree to the side of Adam, barely giving him any privacy. "Almost done?" She asked not quite looking not at him, but not completely away either.
"Uhh, almost," he said nervously.
"No problem, just relax," she said. "Take your time and watch where you're aiming that thing...looks like you're going to poke someone's eye out," she giggled now as she noticeably looked away from him.
Did she really see me? See it? That I was hard?Adam felt a rush of embarrassment and nervousness flow through him. He was terrified she'd think he was a freak for getting hard in this situation...peeing with his cousin.Who the hell gets turned on from that?And he was mad that she saw him, and he didn't get to see her. That was the exact opposite of what he wanted.
Adam tried to put it all out of his mind, at least temporarily to finish the job at hand. He took deep breaths and tried to pee. When he eventually went, the stream smacked the tree at about his chest level due to his erect cock. It felt good to finally get some relief.
Ashley came back over, slightly behind him and looking over his shoulder while he was going. "Sometimes I wish I could aim my pee like that! I'd pee everywhere!" She giggled.
He couldn't believe she said that and wondered if she knew he wasn't aiming there on purpose.
Eventually, he finished and tucked his erect cock painfully back into his shorts. He had an awkward bulge and hoped she wouldn't notice. Reflecting on what just happened, he thought that might have been one of the sexiest things he's ever seen, and his bulge grew bigger. He had to cover it with his hands to try to play it off. "Where to now?" He asked.
She saw him covering his waist but was nice enough to not say anything to embarrass him. "This way." She led again and he followed, now able to imagine a little more of her ass after having seen a glimpse of it.
His thoughts wandered torturously as they walked. He wondered why that was the second time she peed near him in as many days.She had to have seen my porn collection. Had to. But did she really see my cock when I was peeing?The thoughts were driving him mad. With every step, his legs jostled his penis, teasing it, preventing it from ever falling completely soft, which only added to his agony. He thought it would never end.
But it did end. And in a mess. As he stepped over a log, his foot slipped on some wet leaves and fell into a puddle of mud, covering his whole backside with filth.
Ashley couldn't help but laugh, covering her mouth to not be too rude. "Are you ok?" She asked with a muffled laugh.
"I'm fine. Just dirty, that's all," he said, failing to see the humor in it.
"Oh, come on! That's funny, Adam!"
"Funny when you're dry," he replied.
"Fine!" Ashley l jumped next to him and landed butt first in the mud.
"What are you doing?" He started to lighten up and was now hiding his own laugh.
"Making us even!"
"Please, you've barely got any mud on--"
She tackled him and they rolled over until they were both covered in mud and laughing.
Ashley and Adam stood up and gave each other a grin as they shook their heads. Even covered in mud, he was getting turned on. Now her clothes were hugging her body more than ever, revealing every curve.
"Come on, let's keep going. I read there is some sort of pond or something around here. We can rinse off," Ashley said.
They trudged on, walking side by side for the first time. Adam glanced over every so often and noticed the clothes clinging to her body. He couldn't help but stare. She glanced back and laughed as she looked him up and down. Adam hoped she thought he was looking at the mud on her as well, and not staring at the curve of her breasts through her muddy, wet top.
"Do you hear that?" she asked.
"What?"
"It's water! We're getting close. Come on!" She ran up ahead around the bend. Adam raced to catch up and for the first time wasn't solely focused on her bouncing curves.
When he turned the corner, Ashley was just standing there. Then Adam noticed it, too. The most beautiful waterfall either of them had ever seen. It fell off a small cliff and into a tiny cove. Completely hidden from the world, a private paradise just for them. They looked at each other, and back at the picturesque scene.
"It's perfect," Ashley said in a softer voice than usual. "Well come on, let's get in there!" She tried to peel her shirt off, but it was difficult with the slick mud. Eventually, the shirt came off, along with her shoes and then shorts.
Adam just watched, wondering how far she'd go.
"Are you just going to watch me undress like a creep? Or are you going to join me?" She said as she turned from him, removed her bra, slid her panties off and dove in.
Adam's jaw dropped. Even though all he technically saw was a glimpse of her ass for a split second as she dove in, it was still incredible. But now he was standing there fully dressed, and she was looking back at him from the water.
"You coming or not?" she asked with only her head and shoulders sticking out of the crystal water.
Adam took off his shirt, his shoes, and then hesitantly removed his shorts, standing there in just his boxers. Adam's hands were glued to his crotch awkwardly covering the shaft that bobbed wildly in his underwear. "Turn around!"
"Are you kidding me? Adam, you've been looking at me all day, it's my turn now. You're just going to have to do it," she had a defiant smile on her face, confirming most of Adam's fears. Of course, she knew he was staring at her.Girls always know.
Adam thought about diving in and removing his boxers after, but he didn't want to seem like a coward. He lowered the waistband, slowly revealing his curly hair above his shaft and then went for it. His erection flopped out, bobbing a bit until it just stood out. A part of his stomach physically hurt from how embarrassed he was.
Ashley looked right at him for a what felt like an eternity but was probably only a few seconds. She giggled and finally stopped torturing him. "Come on in, Adam. The cold water will do you some good."
Adam dove in headfirst and swam over. Treading water right next to each other, they started to laugh again until they grew tired of the treading.
"Here, it gets a little shallower closer to the waterfall," she said as she swam a little closer. Soon their feet were both standing on solid footing under the water, and the constant bubbling was preventing any details from being seen.
Adam couldn't help but keep looking down, hoping to see through the water. She turned her back to him and walked over to the waterfall to rinse the mud out of her hair. Adam followed and did the same. She gave him a sly smile and walked through the waterfall toward the rocky wall. The water barely came up to her knees behind the waterfall. Adam looked on, unable to make out many details through the falling water. Mesmerized by her fleshy silhouette he was frozen and continued to watch.
"If you want to see me, Adam, you're going to have to come here," she said as she walked toward the back, rocky wall.
"Why do you keep assuming I'm trying to see you?" Adam asked as he finally got the courage to walk through the waterfall and face her fully nude. As he did, she sunk in the corner once again covered up by the water, and now Adam was standing there completely naked, hard, and embarrassed. "You keep doing that! It's not fair," he blurted out without even realizing what he just admitted.
"I know what you want," she said in a sultry voice. She slid closer to him, and slowly emerged from her crouched position. Water cascaded down her body, over her hard nipples as they surfaced from the watery depths.
Panic came over Adam with each step she took closer and more out of the water.
Now her belly button hovered right above the waterline, and she was only a few feet away. Her breasts were better than anything Adam ever imagined. Finally, she stood upright as her hips came into view. Side to side they swung with each step.
Adam was breathing heavier and his cock was harder than it had ever been in his entire life. He was afraid he was going to faint at this pace.
And then she was there, right in front of him.
"I knowexactly...what...you...want."She took a slow, deliberate step closer with each exaggerated word until she was only inches away from him.
Adam trembled, there was so much to take in. Her glorious breasts glistening with water. Her hardened, pink nipples practically jumping out at him. His eyes trailed lower over her soft, flat belly and there it was. Beneath a neatly trimmed strip of dark hair, nestled between her womanly hips, was the first vagina he ever saw.
It was too much to take and without willing it, his hand started to reach toward her and then he shook. His first spurt was small, but the second and third spurts landed right on her belly. He shoved his hands over his crotch to stop it, but it was too late. He could see his cum dripping down her naked body.
Ashley looked down in disbelief.
Adam didn't say a word, turned around and ran out from the waterfall, grabbed his clothes and ran back naked for at least a mile before stopping to catch his breath. He put on his clothes and wondered how he would ever be able to face Ashley again.
14. LEXIE
By the time evening rolled around, Lexie had already imagined every scenario possible for her lifeguard lesson. She had her bathing suit packed neatly in her bag and rode her bike over. She couldn't stop thinking about Mark, except for when she thought about Ashley. But that was a different kind of thought,or was it?Lexie didn't have too much time to think about that over the short bike ride there.
When she walked in, she saw Mark hanging around the front desk flirting with Emily. Lexie couldn't help but feel a little jealous. He seemed to be laughing politely with her when he saw Lexie walk in.
"Lexie, you made it. We were just talking about you."
You were? Is that a good thing?"Yup. I'm here...how do you want me? Uh, I mean where do you want...should I change?" She seemed to blurt that out in one breath.
"Oh god," Emily said and rolled her eyes as far back as she could.
"Yeah, why don't you go change in the locker room and I'll meet you on the other side in a few," he gave her a warm smile that made her legs melt.
Lexie started to head toward the locker room and heard Emily continue to talk to Mark.
"That's my time. I'm outta here. See you tomorrow," Emily said and looked at Mark with a sly smile.
Lexie felt a little more comfortable now that Emily was leaving. She didn't know if it was jealousy or just nervousness, but she was glad to put it out of her mind as she found a locker in the corner and started to undress. The room was cold and had the smell of old chlorine, which seemed both sterile and dirty at the same time.
Lexie removed her shirt, then her bra. The cold air tingled on her nipples and she quickly took off her pants and threw on her well thought-out bikini bottoms. Normally she would be painfully insecure, but Ashley's help gave her the confidence to know she looked good. Her hands fumbled with the bikini top, and she heard the locker room door creak open.
She was startled to see Emily walking toward her. Nervously she covered her breasts as a reflex. Emily laughed and grabbed her bag out of the adjacent locker, eyed her up and down. "Have a nice lesson," she snickered as if to enjoy this strange power trip and then she was gone.
And just as quickly, Lexie's confidence seemed to leave with her. That was the second time in as many days another girl saw her naked. She had spent most of her life never being seen naked by anyone. And now it was happening on a daily basis. Although the first time left her feeling alive, confident and empowered. This time she felt shriveled and small.
What was Emily's problem anyway?She put on her top and tied it tightly behind her back as she tried to focus on more positive things. Like Mark and the upcoming lesson. She gave herself one final look in the mirror, grabbed a towel from the shelf and headed out to the main area.
Mark was waiting for her by the side of the pool. He had on short, red swim trunks that came down to his mid-thighs, revealing tan, muscular legs underneath. He still had on a grey hoodie, with a large red cross on the back with the word, GUARD, clearly printed above like a last name on a jersey.
"Huh!" he smiled.
"What?"Oh God, what did I mess up now?"What's wrong?"
"Nothing, it's just I've never seen someone show up to a lifeguard session in a bikini," he couldn't hide his smile.
"I'm sorry. I can go change."How stupid of me!
"No, no. Really...it looks...great." He paused, "I mean I don't mind if you don't. Just might be harder to swim in that, that's all."
Lexie nodded. "It's all I have. Well, I have others, but they're all bikinis too."Did he just say it looks great?
"Alright, Lex, a bikini it is. Now first things first. Let's see how long it takes you to swim 20 laps," he said with authority. Lexie liked the way he immediately took charge. That feeling was quickly replaced by worrying if she actually could swim 20 laps fast enough. Or at all. He blew the whistle and she dove in and began swimming from end to end.
It came back to her surprisingly easy from her previous years of training. Before she knew it, he blew his whistle and yelled for her to get out. She leaned over the edge and pulled herself up onto the ledge. Dripping, she felt incredibly exposed next to him in his dry hoodie. "Was that really already 20 laps? I must be faster than I thought," she asked in disbelief.
"What? Oh, I don't know. Good enough for me," he said with a playful smile. She realized she might not have really had to swim the laps in the first place.
"You swim very well. That's all I wanted to see."
She nodded that she understood.
"Do you know CPR?"
"I once did, years ago. I'm guessing that doesn't count."
"Correct. I will need to make sure you pass the test, so lie down and I'll give you a refresher."
Lexie was both excited and terrified of this request. It was more like an order than a request anyway. She got down on the floor and slowly leaned her back flat on the ground. "Like this?" She asked.
He nodded. "First thing I always do is check for any cuts or bruises before I begin," he eyed her slender body up and down.
She could feel the weight of his gaze on her skin, her vulnerability increasing with every goosebump. Without looking, she knew her nipples had grown hard. She just hoped they had been that way for a while and didn't suddenly poke out while he was staring at her.
"Next, you place your hands here." He put his palm flat on her chest between her cleavage, and her breathing picked up.
"Gently press down like this for five counts." He leaned his body weight into her gently as he showed her the motion. "Then you tilt the head back and listen for any breathing." He lowered his head just above her lips and listened carefully.
Her breathing was nearly out of control. She could barely stand the tension. Her chest was rising and falling like tidal waves.
"It's ok. You can practice on me." He must have sensed her uneasiness. He removed his hoodie revealing a bare, muscular torso that seemed out of a movie and lied down next to her on his back.
She got up and looked him up and down. "Let's see. First, I check for cuts and bruises," she said cooperatively. Her eyes lightly traced up his legs and skimmed over his suit up to his defined abs. She noticed the soft wisps of dark hair from his belly button leading down into his shorts.A treasure trail,she thought to herself and nearly giggled.
Goosebumps started to cover his arms as she worked her way up his torso carefully looking for bruises like she was taught. After she thought she did a reasonably thorough job, she placed her hands on his chest. Just like he did, palms flat in the middle of the sternum. She noticed how tiny his hard, cold nipples looked. She was relieved that it was a normal reaction to the temperature or maybe it was the touch.
She pressed into his chest five times and then leaned in and listened for breathing. Her face was inches from his and her chest was pounding. "I don't hear anything. Should I give mouth to mouth?" She asked nervously.
He nodded slowly pretending to act lifeless. Her hand guided his head slightly backward and placed her other hand on his chest. She leaned in, and having no instruction for this part, closed her eyes and pressed her lips on his.Was I supposed to be blowing air into him?She took a deep breath and tried to breathe air into him, but found her lips lightly parting while his parted back.
Is he kissing me?At first, she was unsure, but as she pressed her lips again, they met his and made a distinct noise. The whole thing turned more into an exchange of lips lightly closing and opening on each other than anything Yahtzee's could pass as CPR.
Fearing she overstepped her bounds, she quickly sat up. "I'm so sorry. It's been so long since I've given CPR. I don't know what I'm doing anymore."I've never actually kissed anyone before, she wondered if that counted as her first.
"Seems like you know what you're doing very well. Boys will be pretending to drown all summer hoping to get your CPR," he said with a sly smile. "Don't worry, we'll practice it until you've got it down."
He wants to do it again?! This is going better than I could have imagined.
Mark glanced up at the clock on the wall. "I think that'll do it for today. Great work, Lexie. Let's meet at the same time tomorrow for more practice." As he stood, his hand slightly covered his crotch.
Is he covering a bulge? Did I give that to him?She agreed to meet tomorrow and walked back to the locker room. He waved goodbye and headed into the adjacent men's room as she entered the women's. Once at her locker, she peeled off her bikini bottoms and top and stood there naked in front of the large mirror. It was an unfamiliar feeling, but her whole body felt alive.
She began to think of Mark on the other side of the wall and wondered if he was feeling the same thing. Her mind wandered and wondered if he was standing there naked on the other side of the wall, maybe only a few feet from where she stood. The thought was almost too much for her. Her body had a strange tingling feeling and she got dressed and left immediately.
On the ride home, she noticed her bike seat felt very different between her thighs. She involuntarily ground her hips downward putting more pressure between her legs. Soon she was trembling and had to pull over, not sure what that strange sensation was.I'll need to talk to Ashley about this. So many questions,she thought as she began to catch her breath.
15. JON
Jon awoke from a very light sleep. His mind ran wild all night with thoughts of training Heather. Wondering what would happen during the workout. What if his hands were to inappropriately spot her during a lift? Will they change together? End up in the sauna? It was enough to give him a raging erection that lasted most of the night. He decided not to take care of it to leave him extra horny for the workout.
As he walked into the bathroom, he noticed how extra hard it looked and realized he hadn't satisfied himself in a few days. He couldn't remember the last time he went that long without an orgasm.Oh god, I'm going accidentally blow my load during the workout.He laughed at the thought and wondered if that was even possible.
He finished getting ready and drove over to the gym, speeding a little trying to get there as soon as he could. For the first time when he pulled up, there was another car in the parking lot.She must already be here!He felt like a high schooler eager to see a crush.
With his gym bag over his shoulder, he walked in the front door and saw Heather waiting behind the counter. She was wearing a cute yellow mesh tank top and a big smile on her face. "I beat you!" She exclaimed.
"First time for everything," he joked.
"I finally had something to motivate me to get up earlier," she winked playfully.
Jon nodded. "Glad I'm already having an impact."
They both blushed and stood there silently.
"Right, I should probably go get changed. Then we'll get started," Jon said, realizing how awkward this all came across.
Heather nodded. "Sounds good."
Jon made his way to the locker room and set his bag on a bench near what he was now consideringhislocker. He quickly took off his shirt and jeans and realized how ridiculous it was to change his boxers before a workout, but he did it all the same. He still hoped Heather would walk in on him while he was nude but realized that was highly unlikely. Especially after he told her he was going to go change.
Jon hung his clothes up in the locker, and went back to his bag, fumbling around for his clothes taking longer than necessary. His cock dangled slightly away from his body and without trying, he seemed to put a little extra motion into every movement he made, just to feel his shaft wobble a bit more. It was still a rush to be naked in a locker room in general, as silly as that sounded. But the thought of Heather walking in on him was making his heart race, no matter how unlikely it was.
Soon he had on his boxers, mesh shorts and tank top. Jon crammed his bag in his locker and heard a toilet flush not too far away. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Heather leaving a stall and washing her hands.
Jon quickly realized that if he could see her leaving the stall just now unless she magically lowered herself from the ceiling, she would have seen him as she went into the stall.
There's no way, he thought.I would have seen her. Did she see me?
Jon walked over to the sink and joined her as he washed his hands as well. "Didn't see you come in," he said, trying to casually bring up the topic.
"I generally try not to announce it to the world when I have to pee," she laughed awkwardly. "Looks like you're done changing."
She did see."Looks like. Shall we?"
They headed out to the weight room and Jon soon realized he had been working out his entire adult life, but never thought about training someone else. He didn't know where to begin.
"What parts of your body are you looking to improve?" He shook his head quickly, "Sorry, that sounded rude. Let's just start with legs and glutes." He shook his head yet again, "not that I think your legs and glutes need to improve."
She stared at him blankly as he put his foot deeper in his mouth.
"I just meant you have nice glutes..." he laughed. "I'm sorry. My caffeine hasn't kicked in yet. I apologize for my rambling."
"It's okay," she laughed. "I think you have nice glutes, too...that's why you're my trainer," she gave him another friendly grin and winked at him.
They spent the next chunk of the workout doing all of the basics for legs like squats, leg extensions, leg curls, leg presses, even calf raises. Jon was doing every exercise right along with her, and even he was starting to feel the burn. He spent so much time leading up to this workout imagining spotting her, gently helping with her form. But so far it had been just a normal workout, almost like he was a professional trainer. Almost.
Heather was breathing a little heavier than Jon after their last set. "Jesus, you do this every day?"
"Not this exactly, but yes." It was nice to gain back a little sense of earned confidence as he had barely broken a sweat. "Looks like you're getting a good workout in, working up a nice sweat."Who the hell says that?
"I'm not sweating. I'm glowing," Heather joked. "Okay fine, I'm sweating my balls off, as you put it the other day."
They both blushed a bit from that. It was nice he wasn't the one out of sorts for once.
"We only have one more exercise to go, then you can wash off those sweaty balls of yours." He questioned why he was saying that while it was still coming out of his mouth. So much for not being the one out of sorts.
"Yes, they do need washing." She said with a small grin, either playing along or trying to not make him feel bad. "What's the last exercise?"
"Lunges. Everyone's least favorite." He enjoyed knowing how hard these would be for her. One more way for him to look like he knows what he's doing.
They stood side by side, dumbbells in their hands and he showed her the movement. They stepped forward and kneeled in unison before returning to the standing position. Once upright, they repeated the process with the other leg.
A nice rhythm started to form, and he was impressed with her balance for this tougher exercise. "So, what is it you do for a living?" She asked, looking over at him.
His eyes lit up. It was the question he was waiting for. Without missing a beat, he stepped forward and began to kneel as he looked over to her and said, "I profit from other people's fear."
And as if karma was waiting to smack him in the face for such a cocky and vague statement, right on cue his front foot slipped, and he fell over. "FUCK!" He screamed and grabbed his inner thigh.
"Are you okay?" Heather asked and put down her weights.
"I'm fine. I'll be fine." His tough-guy routine clearly was not fooling her.
"How about I get you some ice? I'm afraid you might have pulled your groin."
"It's nothing. I'll be fine in a few minutes." His pride kept him from admitting how much it really hurt.
Heather looked at the clock. "Very well. I'll let you be. I need to get showered for my next massage appointment. My client is coming in about 10 minutes and no one wants to be rubbed by a sweaty woman."
Jon gave her a curious grin.
"Shut up!" She blushed, realizing how suggestive that sounded. "Same time tomorrow?"
"Same time." He nodded and watched her head off to the locker room. This not only pissed him off that he was in pain, but he also missed out on the shower with Heather. He tried to get up and maybe catch up with her, but he was moving far too slowly for that.
By the time he hobbled his way into the locker room, she was nowhere to be seen. He slowly undressed and walked over to the showers. This time his slowness was due to injury, not a hope of being seen. He limped into the shower and the warm water did feel soothing. His pain was decreasing by the second. Not enough to walk out limp-free, but it didn't hurt nearly as much.
He shut the water off and lightly hobbled back to his locker not bothering to cover up with the towel in his hand. Jon reached in and grabbed his gym bag and heard the sound of whispers and maybe even a muffled giggle behind him.
His cock jostled wildly as he turned around. Standing there before him were two women. He felt extra naked as they were wearing neon blue and yellow leggings and T-shirts while he was standing there with everything on display.
"I'm...I'm sorry," he said, sheepishly trying to cover up with his towel. Despite his effort, he still seemed to leave the top half of his penis exposed.
"Don't be. We don't mind," one of the women said and they both giggled as they took in the sight of his chiseled torso. He could feel their eyes weighing on him, not hiding where they were looking.
His heart raced and he couldn't explain what came over him, as his hand holding the towel slowly moved to the side revealing his plump penis.
Both women held back a giggle and looked right at it. Their faces lit up, the two of them gave each other a suggestive look before returning their gaze to his body.
He nodded politely and turned to get dressed. Behind him, he could hear the women whispering. "I guess she wasn't lying..." followed by more muffled giggles. "I think this is a routine I could get used too." And then actual laughing that the two women couldn't hold back.
She wasn't lying?Had Heather told some people they'd seen him naked if they came in the morning.
Once he was dressed, he turned back around and saw the two women hadn't changed clothes or their positions. They really did just come to see him change.
"I'm usually in here around this time," he said confidently as he started to walk out. "Maybe I'll see you two around?"
"I hope so," one of them said with a smile.
Jon nodded and walked out trying his best not to limp.
I hope so, too.
16. JEN
The next morning Jen stretched out in the empty bed, beginning to enjoy the fact Jon had already left for the day. Perhaps it was because it made her feel less guilty about all the thoughts running through her head. Mentally she convinced herself she should just back out, not do it, make up some silly excuse. He'll understand.
But that thought seemed like an impossibility. But so did following through with actually undressing and posing in front of Erik. She let out a giggle so loud she startled herself. This is nuts.
She wasted little time thinking about how she would look in the outfit and focused on what she could take off smoothly and not look like a clumsy fool. It didn't matter either way, she still put on a T-shirt and comfy shorts.
She scrunched up her hair in the mirror, let it fall trying to create a natural wavy look and audibly sighed realizing it would be sweaty and frizzy by the time she got there.Hopefully he can fix that in his drawing... and a lot of other things.
When she got to the school Erik was setting up the supplies for the kids. "What's on the docket today?"
He smiled warmly, "fine sculpture." He wiggled his eyebrows and chuckled. "It's mostly just playing with clay, but I still try to give some pointers."
"So a bunch of ashtrays and coffee mugs?" She joked.
"If we're lucky." He replied, neither one of them bringing up the elephant in the room. The big, naked elephant who would be stripping completely naked for him in just a few hours. She felt a burst of warmth shoot through her body at the thought.
Their eyes met just for a moment as the first kids started to trickle in. Soon class began and today's session was more hands-on help than any other days. Jen found herself helping with clay, cleaning up messes and even making her own silly sculpture.
By the end of class, her arms and shirt were caked in a muddy clay film. Erik somehow managed to keep his clothes a little cleaner, but his hands and wrists had a similar layer of film. When it was just the two of them, he walked over to her and they both noted their messy state.
"Is this the glamorous model you were expecting?" Jen joked nervously, raising her arms slightly to the side.
"So glamorous." He smiled back. Both of them anxiously avoiding discussing how this would actually go down.
"Are you sure you still want to draw me like this?" She asked, almost leaving it as a way out for both of them.
He gestured her to follow him to his backroom and she followed silently. There was a large sink and he quickly rinsed off his hands, clearing up his small amount of clay and gunk.
"I think I'm a bit dirtier than you are," she said and blushed, wondering if that came out as weird as it sounded in her head.
Again he gestured to her to come closer and began to wet and soap a coarse sponge. He took her hand delicately and started to scrub off the caked film, beginning with her hand and slowly moving up her arm.
Jen was silently watching all of this, enjoying the strange form of pampering. After he finished with one arm, he raised her wrist to him and kissed the back of her hand before beginning on her next arm. Taking his time, he repeated the process on her other side and once again kissed the back of her hand when he finished. This time locking eyes with her while his lips touched her flesh.
That look sent a wave of excitement through her. His dominant eyes seemed to have a way to look deep into her soul.
"Clean as any glamorous model I've ever seen." He said.
That gave her butterflies and she was just standing there with her arms crossed, wondering how this would proceed. "How do you want me?" She blushed, "I mean, where should I...how..."
He smiled and politely gestured her to stop her worrying. "I want you to relax. Remember we don't have to do this."
He was so warm, so friendly. So why am I freaking out so much? She pretty much knew the answer was a mixture of excitement and guilt, but she wasn't ready to think about that. She took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "Sorry, I want to...I mean I think I'm relaxed now."
He nodded and as his genuine smile took over his face. "Whenever you're ready." He gestured over to the area of the room that had a black drape along the wall and a very small platform on the floor.
She walked over and stepped up on the platform. Though only a few inches off the ground it felt like a stage of the grandest magnitude. Arms at her sides, heart beating out of her chest, she called out, "ready!"
He laughed and frowned at the same time looking a little confused. Jen glanced down and immediately turned bright red. "Oh right, I need to be naked." Those words made her heart skip a beat.
"Usually helps for a figure drawing," he joked. "I'm sorry I don't have a luxurious changing room for you to make a grand entrance. I can turn around if it helps."
He was so kind. "No that's not necessary. You're going to see me anyway." She said nervously fidgeting with her shirt, wondering how not to look awkward as she pulled it over her head.
"How about this? I'll focus on getting my supplies ready, you just let me know when you're ready?"
She nodded and was relieved when he turned away, grabbing various sticks of charcoal and arranged his easel.
Quickly she took off her shirt and tossed it to the sides. Next to her shoes, socks, and shorts. She was standing there in her panties and bra and took another deep breath. She took off her panties first, then unhooked her bra and neatly folded those under her shirt. It was one thing to be naked, another to have him see her dirty underwear.
She stepped back onto the platform. Here goes nothing. "Ready." Her heart leapt, and felt more exposed than she ever had in her entire life.
He turned and smiled. "Wow," He said genuinely, as if he truly was caught off guard in a good way.
"I bet you say that to all your models," she blushed and kept her legs close together, subtly turning sideways to hide her slit. Her arms were crossed, mostly concealing her breasts.
"Only when I mean it," he replied, which both complimented her and didn't deny it. "Now, let's have a look." He adjusted the lights in the room so it was darker in the back and a soft light illuminated her curves.
He stepped closer and without touching her, gestured for her to let her sit down and face him. Quietly she obeyed, now completely uncovered and naked for his eyes to take in.
He looked at her with an inquisitive grin, glancing up and down, not hiding where he was looking or his reactions. He stepped up on the platform and walked around her like an animal circling his prey.
"What are you doing?" She asked nervously
"Taking in your beauty, finding what I like."
She blushed.
"I just mean finding the right angles that will show off your beauty and incredible curves."
"You think my curves are incredible?"
Now it was his turn to blush. "Yes, but not for the reasons you think. Curves give wonderful opportunities for light and shadow in a drawing. They capture your attention right away and draw your eyes in. That's why they make such excellent subjects for drawing." He said and added, "not just because they're sexy...but I suppose that doesn't hurt the drawing either."
She blushed now fully imagining him looking at her curves, which she already knew he was. But hearing him say it gave her a new tingle of excitement. "So...what parts of me pull your eyes in?" She let out a little squeal of a laugh, hardly believing those words came out of her mouth.
He breathed in deeply, looking her up and down as if seriously contemplating the question. "A few things come to mind."
His tone led her to believe that was a professional statement, but it still made her giddy. The amount of time he spent looking at her was unnerving. She couldn't even remember the last time her husband looked at her that long. Or had he ever looked at her this long? Truly looked? The thought led to nowhere good and she did not want to think about Jon. Not now while she was naked in front of Erik. She snapped out of it. "So how do you want me?" She asked again, this time enjoying the innuendo.
He lightly picked at his chin, "slightly turn to your right, place your left foot back, and your right a few inches forward."
She did her best to follow but was not sure. "Like this?"
He stepped up on the platform, "Almost." Gently he placed his hand on her elbow and subtle twisted her torso so she was more at an angle. His hand casually moved down and ever so lightly touched her knee to adjust her leg.
She gulped audibly. This was intense. "How do I look?"
He stepped back and smiled. "Perfect." Soon he was tucked behind the easel, hand moving in large fluid motions across the page. His eyes darted from her to the page and back to her. Over and over again. It was as if he was staring right through her.
He had her turn a few more times, not being quite as precise with his direction, drawing faster and faster, looking at her more than the easel. "There," he called out. "I think we're ready for a little break."
"So soon? You couldn't possibly have done anything in that time."
"We're just warming up. Here take a look." He said, wiping off the charcoal from his hands with a rag.
She walked over, now painfully aware of how naked she was and stepped behind the easel. "Wow, these are amazing." They weren't much more than outlines and exaggerated gesture drawings, but they captured the natural flow of her curves. With almost zero details, she recognized her figure. Her curves, her posture, it was her.
He smiled and looked at her. "You can put on a robe or something during breaks. You don't have to walk around naked."
She blushed slightly. That actually gave her some comfort that he wasn't just trying to see her naked for the sake of seeing her naked. "I am afraid I didn't bring a robe."
"Of course," he nodded and looked around the room. "Here. You can wear a smock I use for painting."
She took the stained smock and placed it over her head. It was basically an apron covered in years of paint and history. Jen tied the strings behind her back and spun around, knowing her behind was completely uncovered. "How do I look?"
He couldn't help but laugh, "Better than I've ever looked in that smock, that's for sure." Erik glanced at the time and added, "Looks like the break is over. You ready?"
She nodded and realized putting on the smock meant she had to undress all over again. It wasn't quite the same shock this time around, but it still gave her a wave of excitement as she untied the smock and slipped it over her head revealing herself once more. She paid special attention to Erik's expression as he saw her naked once again. It felt incredible to experience someone wanting to see her body.
She walked back up to the platform confidently, enjoying the feeling of her breasts and butt jiggling with each step. "How do you want me?" She asked for the third time. She couldn't tell if the joke was wearing thin or if it was bordering on inappropriate at this point.
"Hmmm," he pondered aloud. "This will be the longer timed drawing, so I want to make sure we pick the right pose."
She bit lit her lip and said the silly line she was holding back since got naked, "well are you a tit man or an ass man?"
"Yes." He said with a sly smile.
She blushed, but really had nothing left to hide.
"Why settle for just one?" He motioned for her to turn slightly sideways and had her twist her torso, looking back over her shoulder.
Jen realized he could see both her butt and one of her breasts at the same time. Clever man.
The next session flew by surprisingly quick, and she found herself putting on the smock before she knew it. "Mind if I take a peek?" There was a new playfulness in her voice she wasn't expecting.
"Be my guest, but it's not very far along." Erik stepped out of the way and stood behind her while she looked at the easel.
Jen was well aware that her butt was awkwardly sticking out at him in this silly smock, but it wasn't like he hadn't been staring at it for an hour. "That's it? You've been drawing for a while now and there's almost nothing on the page."
"I told you, it's not very far along."
"Seriously, I can barely see anything. Did you get lost in the view and forget what you're doing?" She joked but thought that would be amazing if it was true.
"In a way. I've made several measurements and placed dots along key parts of your landmarks. I've made a map of your body if you will, so I can travel it with ease. There was a coolness to his voice she wasn't used to.
"And just where are you going to travel...?" She asked suggestively.
"Wherever the drawing takes me." His eyes narrowed and his tone remained cool, but his smile returned breaking the tension. "Here I'll show you."
She felt him step up closer behind her, now painfully aware her bare ass was just sticking out.
"The length from here to here is your head to your chin. This dot is your elbow, I've made some notes on foot positions. This dot is your, uh, behind."
They both let out a nervous laugh before he continued. "This is the point on your hip that starts to turn away where I'll need careful shading, and this dot is...your breast. Well not really your whole breast, just the point, I mean part, just the part of your breast I can see."
She realized he was obviously talking about her nipple, but neither of them let out a nervous laugh this time. The silence was much worse., and now she was focused on him seeing her nipple. "Guess you do have me all figured out."
"Not quite. The journey has barely begun, but it only gets more interesting from here." Their eyes locked and their breathing slowed.
"You mean it's not just connect the nips? DOTS! I mean dots. Connect the dots." She turned bright red.
"No," he laughed a genuine laugh from his lower belly, "it's not just connect the nips or connect the dots. It's expressing your contours in a way that captures your beauty." His voice trailed off into a deep whisper that made her melt.
"Fair enough." She had no idea how to follow that up.
"Alright, back to work." He gestured over to the platform. "Getting the pose exactly the same as before is one of the most crucial parts for the model. It's also one of the most difficult."
She tried her best to resume the position she held from before. "How's this?"
He looked her up and down and back at his collection of dots on the page. "Pretty close." Erik walked over and lightly put his forefinger under her chin and guided it ever so slightly to the right so she was looking at him. His hand hovered about an inch off her shoulder as it moved down and traced the curve of her arm as if he was feeling her with his memory.
"You had your back slightly arched before."
Jen looked confused and attempted to shift her weight. She felt the warmth of his hand pressing on the small of her back and his other hand slightly pressed on her rib cage just below her breasts until her shoulders naturally pulled back, slightly pushing out her chest.
"Perfect." He smiled and resumed his position behind the easel. Taking his time, carefully looking up at her and back at the drawing.
She stood there as best she could, trying to remain motionless. She could almost feel his touch from a moment ago. It gave her goosebumps and wondered if that impacted the drawing at all. She thought it was a silly concern, but she realized her nipples were harder than before. That might actually be noticeable enough to make a difference, but she certainly wasn't going to ask the question. 'Connect the nips' was bad enough as it is, they didn't need any additional silly comments behind that.
This posing session no longer seemed quite as quick. It was either a longer amount of time, or the strain of remaining perfectly still for so long was starting to make her ache. Most likely a combination of the two.
"Okay, you can relax," Erik called out as if he was reading her mind.
Jen walked over to his drawing, this time not bothering to cover up. She stood next to him with arms crossed, which did little to cover her chest as her breasts still spilled out. Perhaps purposely she didn't try to cover them too much.
But she soon forgot about that as she looked on with awe at the work in progress. It was starting to come to life. Her full outline was there, the shape of her breast defined with the nipple sticking out, slight shading on her lower back, the line of her butt and crack were marked, but clearly not finished.
"Oh my god! It looks beautiful."
"That's how you look." He said in a deep tone.
"You could almost stop now and have it be a cool abstract piece with the unfinished areas."
"You want me to stop?" He said more as a statement than a question.
"No, not at all. Just impressed with how much progress...how much of my body you've traveled in such a short time." Now it was her turn to whisper, and she knew exactly how that remark sounded.
"I've barely begun to explore your body." He whispered in her ear as he stood right behind her.
Jen could feel his hands on her hips and it gave her butterflies. She turned around and his hands didn't move, now holding her hips from the front as they almost looked as if they were slow dancing. In a way, that's what this whole thing felt like...a wonderful slow dance.
His arms moved around her, and now they were nearly hugging while staring at each other. "No smock this time?"
"Not this time." She said softly and finally broke the tension. "It's kind of crusty and smells like turpentine."
He let out a genuine laugh. "Yes, I suppose it does." Erik took a step back and slowly eyed her naked body that was right in front of him, not hiding the fact he looked at her breasts, her hardened nipples, turned his head slightly sideways clearly positioning himself for a better view of her slit and dark patch of hair. His eyes narrowed, tinted with desire he showed his restraint and kissed her forehead. "I think I have some clean ones in that top drawer over there."
Her heart was beating furiously. Another second or two staring into his mesmerizing eyes and she thought they would have been making out. But perhaps his suggestion was best; this was starting to go too far. And we've only just begun.
She nodded and walked over to the old, wooden cabinet. Not really paying any attention to what she was doing, she opened one drawer and found some brushes and tubes of oil paints. She opened another and saw various black sketchbooks. A glint of red was sticking out from the bottom of the stack. Her curiosity got the better of her and she pulled it out.
She glanced over her shoulder and saw Erik was adjusting a few supplies and not paying attention to what she was doing. Jen ran her fingers over the blood-red leather-bound book and traced the gold filigree outlining the cover. It let out a gentle cracking noise as she lifted the cover, the sound a book makes when it hasn't been opened in years.
It took everything she had not to gasp at what she saw. On the first page, there was a lifelike drawing of a delicate pair of hands, palm to palm in a steepled position, as if asking for something. Begging for something. There were ropes bound around her wrists tightly, straining the skin. All of this was captured in his sketch.
She looked back over her shoulder and saw he was turned the other way sorting through various items, lost in his work.
Jen turned the page and this time was unsuccessful at holding back her gasp. It looked as if it was a zoomed-out version of the first drawing. The woman's hands were bound and tied over her head. Blindfolded and naked, the woman looked frightened.
A terrible feeling crept in her stomach as she flipped through the rest of the book and saw glimpses of several drawings of other women bound and other times gagged. They were in multiple positions, but always naked. Always afraid.
"WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING?" Erik's voice echoed across the room and as he ran toward her.
She was still holding onto the first page as he ripped the book from her hands violently, and she was left holding a single page that tore out of the book.
"GET OUT!!!" He screamed in an almost possessed, terrifying voice that made her want to cry. She grabbed her clothes off the floor, ran out of the room and out of the building, and didn't stop until she thought she was far enough away from the place.
Jen collapsed near a tree, still naked and sobbed like she never had before. There were a few people in the distance and Jen knew they could see her. She curled up as best she could, but was in no state to move any further. Eventually she got dressed and realized she left her panties behind.Who cares. I'm not going back...Not ever!
As she wiped away the tears, she saw a crumpled piece of paper on the ground. Jen unfolded it and stared with fear and fascination. That delicate pair of hands silently crying out to her. Bound and begging for mercy.
She wanted to scream as loud as she could, rip up the drawing and never go back. But all she did was stare at the sketch and imagine what that poor woman was feeling. How terrifying that must have been. How wonderfully terrifying.
17. ADAM
Adam spent the next few days making sure he didn't run into Ashley. It virtually turned him into a hermit, sneaking down to the kitchen for meals and bringing them back to his room to eat in private. He just didn't see how he could possibly face Ashley ever again. She very clearly saw him get erect several times while they were hiking. And worst of all, without evening touching himself, he came on her...his cousin...as in shot a full load of fucking cum on her without a single touch to his penis.Who on earth does that?
He didn't see any other way besides hiding out, staying low and waiting for the entire summer to pass.What other choice was there? I can stay in here and avoid her. I hang out by myself most days anyway,he tried to convince himself.I'll be fine. Bored maybe, but it's better than facing her.
Beyond just the boredom from keeping to himself, he no longer was able to successfully masturbate. He tried several times, stroking himself until he was quite hard. But each time the guilt and awful feeling of what happened seemed to get in the way. And that was really the part that kept him in this depressing state. He didn't feel like himself when he couldn't take care of those needs. It left him dwelling more and more on what happened, which made it even harder to get off. A vicious downward cycle that seemed feed off of itself with no way out.
He sat at his desk and opened up the file in his computer with all of his downloaded videos. Hidden Cam Teens Pissing, Skinny Girl Clogs Toilet, Cute Brunette Poops Big, Sorority Girl Stinks Up the Bathroom. He read the titles and began to imagine Ashley's reaction as she saw this folder open the other day. The thought made him sick to his stomach with embarrassment.Clearly, something is wrong with me, this fetish is just too fucked up.He dragged his mouse over and highlighted all the videos in the folder. After a deep breath, he hit delete and watched his coveted collection disappear.
At first, there was panic and regret, missing the videos he relied on for comfort over the years. Followed by a more calming sense of relief. It was over.I don't have those embarrassing videos anymore, that's not who I am, he told himself as if this somehow went back in time and proved that Ashley never saw this gross folder. He didn't truly believe it, but it somehow gave him hope.
With mixed emotions, he almost started to feel relaxed and decided it was time for a much-needed shower. The first one in a few days. Adam went into the bathroom and quickly stripped down and hopped into the warm, relaxing shower. He closed his eyes and let the water wash over him, cleansing him, giving him a fresh start. It was almost enough for him to face Ashley again. Just thinking about her made his stomach drop, though.Maybe I'll work my way up to that.And that was good enough for now.
After finishing washing, he shut the water off and reached for his towel on the bar just outside the shower. There was nothing there, just an empty rod. Mom must have done the laundry, he thought hoping there were some fresh towels in the linen closet on the opposite side of the room. As he pulled the shower curtain back and stepped out, he nearly fell over when he saw Ashley. Not just Ashley, but Ashley sitting on the toilet.
"Gahh, what the fuuu...?" He stopped short and wondered if he should run to the linen closet for a towel, cover himself up first with his hands, or just turn his back to her. There were too many thoughts for his brain to process at once and he just stood there blankly, uncovered and staring at the wonderful sight of Ashley on the toilet.
Her arms were crossed and resting on her bare thighs while she bent slightly forward. Her shorts were around her knees and she looked at the ground, then back at Adam.
"What are you doing here?" He finally gained his thoughts back and covered his crotch with both hands.
"I had to..." she had a slight grimace on her face, "use the bathroom."
"But you heard the shower. Didn't you think to wait?" He was livid.
"I thought it was your sister. Girls do this sort of thing all the time," she said a little defensively.
"Well get out! I was here first!" He was surprised he actually told a girl who was peeing in front of him to leave, but he was sick of feeling so awful around her. So vulnerable, so insecure. It felt good to be a little commanding.
"I'm kind of in the middle of something..." She said with another grimace.
Adam's nose twitched and noticed the foul, earthy scent in the air.Oh my god, she's not just peeing...she's...
A tiny plop broke the silence followed by an even softer plop as Ashley let out a breathless sigh, closing her eyes concentrating on the next big push.
Adam stood there frozen. Every thought he had up until this point, every ounce of anger for having his privacy invaded, every fear about what Ashley would think about him after the incident in the woods, all disappear from his mind. His jaw dropped, and he watched with intense fascination unable to believe what was happening.
Ashley held her breath and room was impossibly quiet. The silence was deafening until she let out an audible sigh that seemed like a mix of pain and relief as a crackling noise pierced the air followed by a deepPHLUMP.
Her shoulders fell almost immediately and let out a genuine sigh of relief.
Adam truly didn't believe what he was seeing, but soon the stench practically smacked him in the face.Is this really happening?
Without a word to Adam, she stood up with shorts around her knees and ripped off a wad of toilet paper. With her body turned slightly to the side, Adam could neither fully see her slit nor her crack. Only a few feet away with her shorts down, and she still seemed to be covered.
Adam watched in awe as she reached behind and gently grabbed one cheek, squeezing it ever so gently, pulling it out to the side so she could slide her other hand with the toilet paper in between her crack. After a few targeted motions, she released her cheek letting it gently bounce as she carefully inspected the toilet paper and began to fold it over to use the other side.
Adam's eyes were glued to her hand as it once again gently squeezed and pulled her cheek to the side to make way for one more wipe. After giving the toilet paper one more inspection and looking satisfied, she tossed it into the toilet and started to pull up her panties and shorts. As she did so, she turned toward Adam while slowly moving her shorts up her thighs.
It was brief, but Adam clearly saw her patch of hair and a glimpse of her perfect slit until it was covered. Now she was covered, completely dressed and he was not. A fact he had almost forgotten he was so focused on the sights and sounds and smells in the room.
Ashley walked toward him slowly, and Adam could hear his heart beating in his ears, vibrating his brain. He recognized that walk, the gentle swaying of her seductive hips, that impossible stare that was both intimidating and irresistible. It was the same walk from when they were in the waterfall. Adam didn't want to think about how that time ended but he feared it might happen again as she took another step toward him.
There she was, just a foot in front of him, staring silently into his timid eyes. Until finally she said, "I'm really sorry. I just had to go. Sometimes we all just need some relief. With that last word, she glanced downward, and Adam's eyes followed. He was both mortified and somehow not surprised when he saw he was as hard as he had ever been. Possibly even harder than when he first saw her naked.
He made no effort to cover it up. He was too frozen with fear to do anything. Or maybe it was a new sense of confidence, empowerment. Something. Whatever the reason, his cock was left exposed and reached out for her as if it was willing itself toward her.
"Like I said. Sometimes we all just need a little relief," she put her hand on his shoulder and walked past him. "I'll leave you alone now."
And with that, she was gone, and Adam was hard as a statue, alone in the bathroom. It took him a moment before he realized she never flushed.
He took another step toward the toilet and slowly peeked in. And there it was, one of most amazing sights he had ever seen. Large, thick and dark, and disappeared down into the hidden back of the bowl. Had he not seen her actually go, he never would have believed a girl was capable of something so...so big...so foul...so, so...gross.
His cock bobbed painfully, and her words dawned on him,sometimes we all just need a little relief. Did she leave this for me...to jerk off to?He found that even harder to believe, but soon his hand found his erect shaft and pumped furiously as he braced his other hand on the wall while leaning forward. The feeling was so intense he dropped to his knees just in time to shoot his load in the toilet, sending her impressive logs spinning about. A few days' worth of cum shot out in thick ropes and seemed to float in the water like globs of glue.
Still shaking, his balls rested on the cold rim of the bowl as he squeezed out the remaining drops of cum doing his best to aim for the tiny pebble-sized turds floating near the surface.
Completely spent, he fell to the floor on his back with his cock still sticking straight up, inhaling the dwindling foul scent left in the air.What have I done?He wondered, despite deleting the videos and claiming that's not who he was...here he was, jerking off to his cousin's poop.I'm beyond disgusting. I'm scum.He screamed those painful thoughts in his head, lying there disappointed in himself, confused and angry.I'm so fucked up.
18. LEXIE
Lexie spent the next few days reliving every wonderful moment of her lifeguard sessions and looked forward to the evenings when she'd see Mark again. Some sessions were more serious than others, but they always ended the same way, with a CPR lesson. It was a rather important part of being a lifeguard, she did realize that. But there had to be more of a reason than that, had to. She was certain of it. But maybe that was just wishful thinking.
Despite her obvious crush, she was starting to notice some real benefits from all the sessions. Her swimming had improved dramatically. She could swim laps effortlessly and faster than she ever had before. The exercise also seemed to help with her mood. It was hard to attribute that to exercise when it very clearly could have been her feelings for Mark, but she enjoyed it all the same.
Lexie also noticed some subtle changes to her body. Her legs felt a little more toned in all the right ways. She still kept her shape and her slender curves, but she just felt more in control of her body. It gave her a whole new sense of confidence while walking around in a bikini in front of Mark.
She asked in each swim session when she'd get her official lifeguard bathing suit and he always had the same response, "When you're ready. You're not ready yet." His tone ranged from teasing to mean. It was hard to read, but she knew he liked saying that to her.
The next night she arrived at the pool and saw Emily in her usual spot at the front desk, looking as unhappy as ever at the sight of Lexie. Every time Lexie arrived, Emily always had some snide comment or backhanded compliment. "Make sure you wash your nasty ass before getting in the pool," or "You must be a great swimmer, you have such a boyish frame," or "That bikini is flattering on you, considering how little you have to work with." The insults were often about her body, which Lexie assumed, maybe hoped, it was due to Emily's insecurities about her own body she hid underneath her baggie lifeguard hoodie. Each night Lexie dreaded their short interactions, but still somehow always wondered what remark she had in store. In a strange way, she almost started to look forward to it.
"Oh god, might as well get this over with," Emily said.
"Get what over with?" Lexie was now a little concerned. Usually, Emily made fun of her and left for the evening right when Lexie arrived. "What are you talking about?"
"Just go change. Mark will explain everything," she said with a sigh, not looking up from her phone.
Lexie walked into the locker room and began to put on her bikini. She didn't quite have the same butterflies going into her lesson, but something about Emily's tone set her off.Get this over with? What could that mean? Are they letting me go? Am I not a good enough swimmer?
It drove her mad wondering. She finished changing into her bikini and headed out to the pool.
"Woohoo!" Mark cheered along with several others she only recognized from seeing around the facility.
"What's going on?" She asked, now slightly smiling and a little self-conscious. "Mark...?"
"This is it, Lex. Your last lesson. If you pass the test tonight, you're one of us!" He said as if all his strictness up until this point was just a front.
"Wow! Wait, test? What test?" A million thoughts bounced through her head. "Why didn't you tell me to be ready for a test?"
"You should always be ready for the unexpected here. That's one of our key rules."
She shook her head playfully. "What do I need to do?"
"Just a few simple tests, most of which you've already done before. You know, laps, CPR, the usual."
Her heart skipped a beat. Was she going to perform CPR on him in front of all the other lifeguards? That thought excited her and made her stomach drop at the same time. But she didn't have too long to dwell on it.
"First up, twenty laps. You will be timed," Mark said with a serious tone.
Lexie took her spot on the edge of the pool.
"Ready, set, go!" Mark blew his whistle and Lexie dove in the water with a burst of adrenaline. She could hear the muffled whoops and hollers cheering her on as she glided across the lane back and forth. Everything seemed to be going faster than usual. She lost count of her laps when she finally heard the whistle as she touched the wall.
"Was that 20? For real?" She asked knowing Mark rarely kept proper count of the laps.
"Yup, 20 for real. And in record time! That's one of our fastest we've ever had. Might have to add your name to our wall of fame," he said cheerfully.
The next portion was a written test, but given that there was an audience, Mark opted to make it an oral exam. Quickly he questioned her on proper procedures, rules and safety measures. It was terrifying, but actually not that hard. She just never had to do anything like this with so many people watching.
"So far you're passing with flying colors," Mark said encouragingly. "Only one part left."
"CPR?" She asked sheepishly with a mix of fear and excitement.
"That's part of it, yes. You'll also need to do a real water rescue with a volunteer."
She gulped. They had practiced this many times with a dummy before, but never with a person.
"Who wants to be the lucky volunteer?" Mark asked the group of guards. A number of guys raised their hands. "You're too heavy," he joked, "Let's at least make it fair."
"I'll do it," Emily said stepping out of the back of the crowd and staring Lexie dead in the eyes. The crowd of mostly males cheered even louder.
"Alright, alright. Settle down, guys. You're up Emily. In the water you go," Mark said.
Emily stepped closer to Lexie and slid down her red nylon shorts. She was standing there in her baggie grey lifeguard hoodie that fell all the way to her mid-thighs. She removed it up and over her head revealing her own bikini she had on underneath.
The guys cheered their loudest at the sight. And Lexie actually agreed with them. Emily was a bombshell. Unbelievable body, tiny waist, sexy hips and what looked to be a perfect pair of breasts behind her bikini top.
Emily gulped again.I guess she wasn't making fun of my body due to her own insecurities. She must actually hate me. And why is she wearing a bikini and not a normal lifeguard bathing suit?
"Don't let me drown, bitch," Emily gave her one last stare and jumped in the water.
"You know the drill, Lex. Dive in, get her out of the water and perform CPR," Mark said, and the crowd laughed and cheered at the thought.
Lexie froze. She had never pulled a whole person out before and certainly never performed CPR on a girl. Panic set in and she couldn't move.
"Clock's ticking. Every second you waste is a second she's closer to not making it," Mark yelled.
She momentarily thought how nice that would be, leaving her in to drown. But even as a joke in her head that felt too mean. She dove in and swam to Emily who was floating and pretending to be lifeless. Lexie wrapped her arms around her midsection and began pulling her back to the wall. She couldn't help but feel the curves of her breasts and smoothness of her belly in the process. Still, this was a test, and she had to put those thoughts out of her head.Why I am I even thinking them in the first place?
Once at the wall, Lexie got out and pulled her up onto the deck. It took tremendous effort, but she had a feeling Emily was trying to make it even harder by slightly resisting. Eventually, she achieved her first goal. Emily was out of the water, flat on her back.
The crowd cheered at her success, and eagerly awaited the next portion.
"She's out of the water, but she's not saved yet!" Mark yelled. "CPR, now!"
Lexie didn't have time to think. Her instincts took over. Carefully she examined Emily's body. Her impossibly perfect body. Tanned and toned legs, a stomach that looked like you could eat off of it, and her breasts. Those incredible, curvy and perky breasts.Why the fuck am I looking at her breasts?
"You're losing her!" Mark screamed, snapping Lexie out of her trance.
"Right," she took a deep breath and placed her hands on her chest between her breasts. It was hard to focus on the proper steps. She couldn't get over the fact she was practically touching another girl's boobs. Lexie pressed gently making Emily's rib cage rise and fall, noting every slight jiggle in her chest.
She closed her eyes. This was the moment of truth. Lexie leaned down and pressed her lips gently on Emily's. The roar that followed shook Lexie to her core. The guys went wild as they cheered on the sight. Lexie felt the vibrations through her whole body as the roar grew even louder as Emily's lips lightly moved back.
Lexie gasped and shot up, partially dizzy, she looked around and the sounds felt distant. The group was all around her, screaming and cheering with all their might, but it felt like it was coming from a million miles away.
"You did it! Yeah...wooo!"
Emily blinked her eyes a few times and started to come back to reality. The sounds all around her started to return to their normal volume and she finally broke a smile. "Did I pass?"
"With flying fucking colors!" Mark shouted. "Welcome to the team." He gave her a hug, and it was probably the first time since she met him that she wasn't overly obsessing about their interactions. Her mind was clearly somewhere else.
"Can I finally get my lifeguard bathing suit?" She asked playfully.
"Soon enough," Mark said.
"What? I passed the test!" Lexie protested in a playful mix of frustration and curiosity. "What else do I have to do?"
"Relax. You don't have to do anything. But you get it at the party," Mark said with a smile.
"Party? What party?"
"It's a bit of a tradition hehe. We always throw a party for the new guards. Friday night. Right here. You in?"
"Duh, where else would I be?" Lexie tried her best to play it cool but felt like she failed miserably.
"Friday night, then." Mark gave her wink and started to hear the group out of the building until almost everyone was gone.
Lexie had already changed back into her clothes and saw Emily closing up the front desk for the evening.
"That was some fancy swimming you did back there," Emily said in a cold tone that didn't feel at all like a compliment.
"Thanks." A weird chill ran down her spine as they were only a few feet away, neither one breaking eye contact.
"A little tip for the party on Friday. It's a skinny-dipping party. That was the tradition Mark was talking about. A final bit of hazing before you get your official bathing suit," she said plainly.
"Oh." Lexie tried her best but still couldn't get a good read on her. "Why are you telling me this? Isn't that supposed to be a surprise? Some joke everyone knows but me?"
She shrugged her shoulders. "Yeah, but if I were you...I'd just show up to the party naked. Show them you're more than a scrawny swimmer who can swim semi-fast."
Lexie shook her head. She was so awful, and yet so, so crazy. Crazy in a way that drove her mad because she just couldn't let it go.
"It's your call. Whatever you want to do," Emily said as they both left out the front door.
Mark was there, waiting for her. Lexie's stomach dropped. She couldn't believe it. Just as she was about to approach him and finally chat outside of work, Emily walked over and gave him a kiss on the lips.
"You were great, babe," Mark said to Emily as he held her hand and walked to his car. "See you Friday, Lex," he said over his shoulder.
"Prove me wrong about you," Emily said one last time before getting in Mark's car. "If you want to show us you're not this skinny, prissy little prude...you know to do." She let out a little cackle as she closed the door and the car sped off.
Lexie stood there alone in the parking lot wondering what the hell just happened.That bitch!
19. JON
Jon was still putting together various explanations in his head for how those two women in the locker room knew to come watch him undress. Other than Heather telling them, he couldn't imagine how else they would have known. And if that was the case, what exactly did Heather tell them?
He forgot almost all of those things when he saw Heather at the front desk.
"You're two for two now," Jon complimented her.
"There's something rewarding about getting here before the sun rises," she smirked. "And something rewarding about beating you here, as well."
"I had no idea you were so competitive."
She shrugged her shoulders, "there's probably a lot about each other we don't know yet."
"Probably," Jon said. "Maybe we can work on that while we're working out."
Heather smiled, "I'd like that."
"I'm going to get changed and we'll get started," Jon said and wondered if she'd make another mysterious appearance in the locker room.
Jon made his way to his locker and his new routine already felt like it was set in stone. He chosehislocker, undressed and fumbled around completely naked for a few minutes before getting dressed. There was no sound of the toilet flushing this time. No sign of Heather. Jon was a little disappointed but appreciated how it kept him on his toes.
Jon finished changing and met up with Heather in the weight room. "What part of my body needs improving today?" she asked with a sly grin.
Jon shook his head. "I'm not falling for that trap. Today is chest day...not that your chest needs improving. Nor am I saying your chest is amazing."
His attempt to remain neutral backfired.
"I'm sorry my chest doesn't impress you. By all means, let's try to change that," Heather said.
"Shut up. You know that's not what I meant. I think your chest looks great," he found himself falling for the trap all the same.
"Relax. I'm just giving you shit," she chuckled. "But that is nice to hear."
They both blushed. Conversations with her were getting harder and harder to avoid flirting. And Jon loved it. They both did.
Jon started the workout by showing her some of the basic chest exercises like the bench press, incline bench press, and a variety of fly exercises.
"We've only got one left. I won't lie; these are a bit trickier than the others," Jon said.
"Why do you always save the trickiest one for the end?"
"If we got it out of the way at the beginning, what's there to look forward to?"
Heather shook her head. "Agree to disagree. What is this tricky exercise anyway?"
"One arm dumbbell chest presses." Jon grabbed a dumbbell and showed her the movements. "It's just a regular dumbbell bench press, but you're only holding the weight in one hand at a time. Requires a lot more balance, stabilization, and core strength."
He quickly did his set and Heather watched, noting his form. "Now you try."
Heather nodded and grabbed a much lighter dumbbell as she sat down on the bench. The position was awkward, and she struggled to find her footing.
Jon stepped in and held the weight while she adjusted her body.
"Got it?" He asked.
"Got it," Heather replied and pushed the dumbbell up with one hand and nearly fell off the bench.
Jon stepped in again and grabbed the weight just before it fell.
"Don't got it," she said, laughing at herself."
"There are a few tricks to make this a little more manageable. First, you want to focus on tightening your abs." Jon lightly placed a hand on her stomach over her shirt. "Feel my hand?"
She nodded.
"Good, now tighten those muscles and imagine them stabilizing you, holding you in place on the bench."
"Like this?" Heather asked and Jon could feel her stomach tightening.
"Yes, perfect! Second, you want to concentrate on your chest."
They both blushed at that weird statement. "Let me ask you something, what part of your body is the sorest from this chest workout?"
"I don't know, the front of my shoulders," Heather replied.
"I figured. That's pretty common when you first get started. You'll want to concentrate on your chest doing the actual pushing of the weight, not your shoulder."
He handed her the weight back. "It's tricky at first to get the movement right, but it's amazing once you do."
"Like this?" She asked as she pushed the weight up, her arm shaking from the unfamiliar movement.
"Better, yes. Sometimes it helps me to place a hand on the muscle that's supposed to be contracting."
"I'm not sure I follow."
Jon's hand hovered over her shoulder. "May I?"
"Of course. You're the expert," she said as if implying he didn't need to ask for permission to touch her.
"Your shoulder, right here," he placed his arm on the front of her shoulder where it connected to the front of her arm. "This is where it's common to feel soreness before you get used to the motion, but this isn't the muscle group you should be working."
He questioned whether or not this was a good idea, but decided to go for it. "This is actually the part of your body that should be doing the work." His hand moved to the top of her chest, not quite on the curve of her breast, but close. "When you move the dumbbell, you should feel this muscle group here contracting."
He squeezed the flesh that connected from her chest to the corner of her armpit. "Now try doing the exercise and see if you notice a difference."
Heather held the dumbbell in place, tightened her abs and pushed the weight. Jon felt her chest muscles tighten underneath his hand.
"Feel that?"
"I do!" Heather's eyes lit up and she did the exercise a few more times.
It both seemed like he made up an excuse to touch her, while at the same time helped her improve her form.
"For your next set, you can place your hand there to check for yourself," Jon said to remove any doubt he was just trying to grope her.
"You want me to grab my boobs by myself? Where's the fun in that?" Heather joked and Jon blushed.
"I wasn'tjustgrabbing your boobs!" He said with a mix of defensiveness and a hint of joking. "Okay, maybe a little."
"It's okay, I really did notice a difference. I appreciate you showing me that trick. I wonder what other tricks you can show me about my body."
Jon blushed. "My pleasure. I'll be happy to share what I know." This was starting to be fun. Too fun.
Heather did the next few sets, placing a hand on her upper chest as Jon had shown her. He was a little mad at himself for telling her to do that herself since it meant he could no longer touch her. But this was a fine line of having fun without taking anything too far.
"Great job!" Jon said when she finished her last set.
"What now?" Heather asked.
"That's it. We can shower and we're done," Jon said and immediately wondered if that came off as suggestive as it sounded in his head.
She looked at the clock on the wall, "Wish I could. But my massage appointment will be here any minute now."
Note to self, don't let these workouts run too long,Jon thought as he was kicking himself for ruining a good chance to shower together.
"Fair enough. Same time tomorrow?" Jon asked.
"I'll be here....before you," she grinned playfully.
"Challenge accepted."
They exchanged smiles and Jon went into the locker room and Heather went in the opposite direction for her massage appointment.
Now that the workout was over, the slight tingle of pain in his groin was starting to return. The adrenaline from the workout must have blocked it out. He went about his new normal post-workout routine, undressed in the locker room and enjoyed a relaxing shower.
He didn't bother covering up with the towel at all this time. It was still a rush, but a feeling he was getting used to. Getting addicted to.
There were the same two women at the lockers when he walked back. "Morning." He said cheerfully, still holding the towel to the side.
"Good morning," the two of them said in unison.
"How's your new workout routine going?" He asked.
They looked at each other and giggled. "I would have guessed it takes longer to see results, but already I'm loving what I see," one of the ladies said.
The other lady slapped her on the arm. "Stop! You're going to scare him off," she said playfully.
"It's fine," Jon joked and decided to get a little braver. He walked over, still naked, his penis flopping about, and stuck out his hand. "I'm Jon."
They both giggled and lightly shook his hand. "I'm Karen and this is Marcy." Their eyes glanced him up and down looking at his whole body on display right in front of them. Clearly not hiding their ogling.
"Pleasure to meet you both," Jon said, enjoying the attention.
"The pleasure is all ours," Karen said. Marcy slapped her once again.
"Forgive her, she acts like she's never seen a...a..." Marcy loosely pointed in the direction of his waist.
"No problem at all," he chuckled and smiled at her before returning to his locker. He heard a toilet flush in the distance and expected to see Heather walking out like the other day. To his surprise, it was a woman he had never seen before. She was chatting with some other girl he didn't recognize at the sink as they looked over their shoulders pretending like they weren't trying to sneak a peek at his body.
He eventually put on his clothes and by the time he turned around, Heather was now standing there.
"Hey," Jon looked confused. "Aren't you supposed to be massaging some lucky person right about now?"
"Supposed to, yes. But they canceled," she said plainly.
"Their loss," Jon said and was getting ready to go.
"Yes, but their loss could be your gain." Heather had a sly smile creep across her face.
"What are you talking about?" Jon asked, slinging his gym bag over his shoulder getting ready to go.
"I suddenly have a free appointment open, and I thought you might want to take it." Heather added, "Free of charge, of course."
"I couldn't ask you to do that," Jon replied.
"You didn't. I'm offering. I have the time and you've been so great helping me with my workouts."
Jon looked hesitant, "I'm not sure I could..."
"Also, your injury! I saw you favoring your leg due to your injury, and if you keep that up it will only get worse and more imbalanced," Heather smiled.
"Well we can't have me being imbalanced now, can we?" Jon smiled. "Fine, I guess I'll accept your free massage offer."
"Good! Follow me," Heather said and walked him to the massage room on the opposite side.
A pleasant smell of lavender greeted him in the dark, candlelit room. There was a massage table in the center, gentle music playing, a chair in the corner and not much else.
"You can get undressed and lie facedown on the table when you're ready," Heather said and left the room.
Jon was a little disappointed she didn't stay in the room while he changed but knew that was pretty unrealistic. Quickly he stripped down and felt his cock wobble as he climbed on the table. There were neatly folded sheets tucked under the padding of the table. He assumed it was expected he would be under the sheets, as that was how every other massage was that he had over the years.
He didn't want to overstep his bounds and just lie there naked for fear of offending Heather. She might stop the massage, or worse, kick him out of the gym altogether.
He found a happy middle and got under the sheets, but only pulled them up to the lower part of his butt. More than half of his cheeks were sticking out, and somehow this felt more scandalous than walking around completely naked in front of strangers a few minutes ago.
He rested his head into the cushiony pillow whole and his heart was beating a little faster than normal.
There was a gentle knock on the door and Heather walked in without waiting for a response. Jon leaned up on his elbows to see her come in, trying to catch her expression as she saw the level of undress he chose.
She didn't react much one way or the other and proceeded to pull the sheet up to his shoulders. Again, he was a little disappointed but glad she didn't react negatively.
Heather pressed her hands on his back, over the sheet applying firm pressure, working her way down his back quickly, skipping over his butt and pressing on his hamstrings, calves, and feet.
It felt strange for a massage but realized it was just a warmup portion. Heather lowered the sheet back down to his waist, leaving all but just an inch of his crack showing.
That was probably for the best,he thought as he started to enjoy her soothing strokes over his back. Her hands were magical, getting out knots he didn't even know he had. When she worked his lower back, somehow it felt both very thorough and a bit of a tease as she would never fully reach his butt.
"How's the pressure?" she asked, digging her thumbs into the two dimples of his lower back just above the towel.
"Mmmm..." Jon moaned.
"I'll take that as good," she laughed and continued working away.
Soon she was pulling the sheets up and Jon knew this meant she would be moving to his legs. Heather adjusted the sheet so one leg was exposed, but still, most of his body was covered. Jon slid his leg out to the side hoping it would expose things just a little more.
He couldn't really tell how much of him was visible, it all felt like he was covered in a professional way. Her hands glided up his hamstring and up and over the outer edge of his cheek.
Next, he felt her hands on both sides of his leg, with her thumbs pressing in the center and her fingers trailing down his inner thigh as she moved upward.
Jon let out a breathy moan as those fingers slid along his inner thigh getting closer and closer to his...
"Ow!" Jon yelped, snapping out of his blissful trance.
"I thought so. It looks like you for sure pulled your groin," Heather said as her two fingers pressed right on the sensitive area getting teasingly close to other parts.
He lifted his hips off the table to adjust and felt his cock jostle into a more comfortable position between his legs. The subtle adjustment seemed to shift the towel a bit and he could feel the cool air on some of the most sensitive parts of his body.
"Is it serious?" he asked, grimacing a bit.
Her fingers gently pressed the entire area, and he could have sworn he felt a fingertip graze the side of his scrotum. "Not too serious."
"What's the best way to treat it?"
"There's not too much you can do besides rest, and of course, massaging it helps."
"Ahhh..mmm...OW!" He twisted and squirmed, hips rising off the table yet again.
She chuckled. "Yes, this will feel both good and bad, but it's necessary for your recovery."
He wasn't sure if his action that did it, or if it was Heather's, but he felt the whole towel pushed to the side. His entire ass was exposed, and she could see his squished member tucked between his legs.
"Thank you for doing this," he said before letting out a yelp as she dug into his flesh right in the corner of his groin. The pain outweighed any good sensation that came from incidental contact with other intimate parts.
"My pleasure," she said softly, and he felt both of her hands move up his cheeks. Her thumbs pressed firmly in the center of each cheek and lightly pulled the flesh up and to the sides. Jon felt a cool tingle as the air met his newly exposed areas.
He let out another moan. This time it only felt good, no pain as she kneaded his ass further.
"I've always enjoyed glute massages the best. One of my favorite things," she said.
He let out another soft sigh. "Giving or receiving?"
"Yes," she giggled. "But not a lot of therapists are willing to do it to the full extent that I think is needed."
Her thumbs slid slightly inward along the center of his crack and her fingers gripped the sides of his cheeks. "I always try to give a little extra attention to the area."
"It feels divine," he half mumbled and half moaned.
"Alright, time for you to turn over," she gave his butt a gentle slap and let out a giggle.
Jon rolled over and saw she was holding up the sheet, maintaining a professional level of draping. The sheet went up to his belly button and she began massaging his upper chest.
"That was a pretty great trick when you pressed right here," her hands were lower on his chest than his were on her earlier.
"Pretty crazy, right? Just touching a part of your body can make you feel something entirely different," he said while she continued to massage his chests.
"When do we get to the workout that gives me abs like these?" She asked, sliding her hands down his stomach felling the grooves of his defined body.
They chuckled, both knowing there was more to it than a simple workout.
"Soon enough," he said.
"My body is yours to shape and sculpt as you see fit," Heather said.
That was an exciting thought, but it quickly was replaced by the feeling of her hands now rubbing the area of flesh just below his belly button. Her fingers went a little lower, just under the top of the sheet barely grazing what little trimmed pubic hair he had.
Her eyebrows raised slightly as she briefly slid her fingers over the area. Jon wondered if she was admiring his smooth skin or just the toned muscles. Hopefully both.
"Let's take a look at your pulled groin. Maybe I can work a little more of my magic on it from this angle," she said as she carefully pulled the sheet to the side exposing his leg and just a hint of his penis and scrotum.
Heather pulled the sheet up a little more and gave a questioning look to Jon, and he nodded back. She lightly pulled the sheet over another few inches and there his cock was completely on display. Not only that, she was staring at it intently. Well most likely she was staring at his sore groin but there was no way to not see it.
The weight of her gaze made his heart speed up. He could feel a little extra blood flowing into his flaccid member.
"Looks a little swollen," Heather said softly.
Jon gulped, mentally planning out his apology.
Heather lowered her head to get a better look, "Yes, your groin is a little swollen. No wonder you're in pain."
He nearly laughed, but he was far from relaxing as her hands now hovered above his leg. "May I?"
"Of course. You're the expert," Jon had flashbacks to her same answer during the workout.
He watched as she gently pressed her fingertips into his inner thigh, slowly moving upward toward his groin. There was no denying it, the back of her hand was lightly brushing against his shaft and scrotum while she kneaded the tender tissue of his thigh.
It both hurt and felt amazing at the same time.
"Oww...fuuu!" Jon howled as she pressed an extra tender spot. He clenched all of his muscles and his cock bounced up a few inches and fell back down, rolling from one side to the other.
He was embarrassed and getting more and more turned on with each delightfully painful touch. By now his cock was as full as it had ever been but still was soft enough to lie flat against his leg.
Her hand steadily pressed on his inner thigh, and the movement seemed to bring his cock over from one side of his leg to the other. It bounced on the back of her hand and rested there as she softly rubbed his thigh.
"I'm sorry..." Jon couldn't stand not acknowledging his penis was resting on her hand.
"It's alright. May I?" She asked, slightly lifting her hand.
"Of course. Whatever you need to do." His heart raced with anticipation.
Her hand delicately lifted up his plump penis and held it in her palm, tugging it out of the way to continue her work.
He held his breath and tried unsuccessfully to hold back an audible gasp. His muscles twitched again, and he felt his shaft pulse in her hand. "Really, I'm sorry..." he said and again felt his shaft tighten and jerk in her hand.
"No need to apologize. I'm a professional, I understand it's a perfectly normal reaction to a muscle treatment session like this."
"Is that what this is? A muscle treatment session?" Jon joked.
"Yes, I'm not just grabbing your junk for the fun of it." She said as she now slid her hand up his shaft, gripping the tip so she could massage the area to the right of his scrotum.
Breathing heavily, he nodded.
"If you're uncomfortable, just say the word and we'll go back to covering you and we can stop," she said while she let go of his cock. Heather placed her hands on both inner thighs and let her thumbs slide along to where his butt cheeks met and slid up and over his taint and over his scrotum.
"No, don't stop," he said with a breathy moan, not caring how desperate it must have sounded.
He watched with curious fascination as his balls twisted from side to side as she moved on to the base of his shaft.
"What are you doing?" He somehow managed to ask as his penis was now a raging erection sticking straight up. This felt better than anything in his life, but it was getting harder and harder to pretend this was helping his groin.
"It's all connected, Jon." She ran her hands over the various body parts. "Your thighs, your groin, even the base of your shaft is all connected deep within."
She held his shaft tightly, making an okay symbol with her thumb and forefinger around his base before sliding it up his shaft.
He was out of breath and almost sweating from the experience. They could both see the pre-cum dripping out of his tip. Finally, she held his shaft down against his belly, pressing firmly on the underside while her free hand massaged his groin and regularly bumped into his scrotum.
He thought he felt the slightest bit of movement from her hand holding his shaft like she just started to glide upward when her phone buzzed.
"Shit, need to wrap up. My next appointment will be here any minute," Heather said, releasing his penis and rubbed her hands together like she was cleaning away the pre-cum with friction alone.
His cock pulsed as it danced from side to side, still painfully engorged.
"I'll keep an eye on it to see how you're recovering. I recommend giving it some rest, and maybe a nice self-massage before bed."
He nodded, "I always do."
She shook her head and laughed. "Don't we all," she leaned down and kissed him on the forehead before leaving the room. "See you tomorrow."
"I'm looking forward to it," Jon said and got off the table. He had to admit his groin did feel a little better, but his crotch did not. His eager erection still pulsed even when it was now painfully tucked away in his boxers, under his clothes. A delightful tease that kept him wanting more.
I could get used to this.
20. ADAM
Adam spent the next day and a half still hiding out in his room dwelling on all that had happened. Ashley seeing his bathroom fetish porn folder, cumming on her in the woods, and then perhaps the part he found even more embarrassing, being completely naked and hard while she used the bathroom in front of him.
His cycle of upsetting thoughts ranged from thinking he's pathetic, gross and disgusting, to worrying about how little Ashley must think of him after all this. As he thought more and more about Ashley, he started to focus on the words she last said to him about everyone needing relief. She couldn't possibly be saying she found all of this acceptable.Could she?
Adam was never one for confrontation, but this was torture not knowing, leaving it for his mind to dwell on it in hopeless agony. In a rare moment of bravery, he knew he needed to chat with her. Eventually.No, right now!
He took a deep breath, opened his door and headed toward the stairs to Ashley's loft on the floor above. It was late in the evening and he didn't even know if she was there. A part of him hoped she wasn't, and he could just tell himself at least he tried. But he knew that wouldn't solve anything.
Each step creaked as he ascended slowly until he reached the top. There was no door to knock on for the loft, so he walked in and turned the corner. He nearly froze in his tracks. There was Ashley, lying on her belly on the bed with her laptop in front of her. She was facing the opposite direction, so she didn't see Adam walk in. She only had on a T-shirt that left the bottom half of her butt uncovered. Her glorious, curvy m, impossibly sexy butt.
She still didn't seem to know he was there, and he debated leaving thinking this was a terrible idea, but he couldn't stop staring at her bare ass. He took another step forward for a closer look, making the old wooden floorboards creak loudly.
Ashley looked over her shoulder, and it was the first time he had seen her ass and face in the same view. It was so hot.This is a bad idea, I need to leave,he told himself as he stepped even closer without willing it.
"Adam!" She said surprisingly cheerfully. "Just give me one minute to finish this thought." She typed away furiously and once satisfied, shut her laptop and placed it on the nightstand beside her bed.
With each of her movements, Adam never took his eyes off her round cheeks squished together, noting how they adjusted with each subtle twist of her body. Somehow the cheeks seemed to remain completely closed, enough to start to wonder if she had on a thong hidden in between her crack, or if she actually was naked. He honestly couldn't tell while looking at her.
"To what do I owe the pleasure?" She asked as she sat on the bed sideways with her back resting against the wall, feet hanging over the edge.
Adam froze all over again. His newfound confidence instantly vanished. All he could do was shrug his shoulders and stand there like an idiot.
"I'm glad you're here," she said with a little smile.
"You are?"
Ashley nodded. "We should talk," she patted the bed right next to her, gesturing him to come sit.
This felt like a trap. In his mind, he took a few steps closer to her, but in reality, he had hadn't moved.
"Oh, come on. I don't bite," she said with a gentle smile.
You don't bite, but I have a feeling you're going to tear my head off for all the awful interactions we've had, he thought to himself as he finally found his legs and made his way over to the bed. He climbed up and sat next to her, with his back resting against the wall as well. Now they were both facing the large open window that overlooked the forest in the distance.Oh god, it's the same forest that we hiked in. She's had a constant reminder of it every day since it happened,he thought and figured he better apologize before this gets any more awkward.
"Look, I'm really sorry," Ashley said.
Adam was amazed, after gearing up emotionally and mentally to apologize, Ashley did it first.
"For what?" Adam asked hesitantly, still confused. He found it easier to talk to her like this, even though they were side by side, legs practically touching each other, they were both looking out the window. It seemed to take some of the pressure off by not making eye contact.
"For everything. I took things too far, and I'm sorry," she said, taking the high road.
"No, I'm sorry...I fucking came on you!" Adam blurted that out before he could choose his words more carefully.
"Yes, you did," even without looking at her, he could tell she was now smiling.
"I'm so, so, sooo sorry. You must think the worst of me," he blurted out with desperation.
"It was cute," she said, and he could feel her shoulders lightly bounce as she chuckled.
"Cute? Don't you mean disgusting? Terrible? Sick? Don't you hate me for that?" He seemed to vomit out all of his worries in one breath.
"You think I'm upset that you were so turned on from seeing me naked you had an orgasm?" She said softly, and for the first time looked over at him.
"Yes," he paused. "I did think that. But when you say it that way...I don't...I don't...is that really what you think about it?" Adam was processing these thoughts as he was speaking, still forming ideas as words were coming out of his mouth.Was she really flattered and not disgusted? That seems impossible.
"Adam, I knowingly teased you...all day as a matter of fact. I pushed you over the edge, and I'm sorry."
Adam was dumbstruck. This is not how he expected the conversation to go at all. But he focused on one particular part of her statement. "What do you mean you teased me all day?" He asked, and now finally looked back over at her.
"Oh, come now, Adam. You know what I mean," she gave him a sly smile.
Returning his gaze to the window. The thought was bothering him so much, he knew he should leave it alone, but he had to know. "Did you see?" He paused awkwardly, realizing how many different ways that could be interpreted. "My folder, I mean. That day you were on my laptop when I woke up."
There was a long silence, and finally, he sensed her nodding her head out of the corner of his eye.
"I did," she said softly.
"Oh god, I'm so sorry. That's so gross. That's not what I'm into, I just was curious..."
"Adam, stop," she cut him off. "It's okay. You don't need to justify it. Your fetishes are yours and yours alone. You never have to be sorry for that. I'm sorry I invaded your privacy. I never should have done that."
Adam stared out the window as a new chain reaction of thoughts ignited in his brain. "You mean you weren't grossed out by it?"
"Do you think I would have done any of the things I did in front of you if I thought that?"
It was a strange mix of realizing he was right, she did see. But also, that he was wrong, she didn't seem to have the negative reaction he imagined. "Why did you do all those things?" He finally asked. He thought he knew the answer, but wanted to hear her say it.
"I thought you would like it," she smiled and added with a laugh. "And you clearly did."
Adam blushed all over again.
"But I did, too," she put a hand on his leg. "Really, it's okay."
"What do you mean you liked it, too? Is this your fantasy as well?"
"No, it's not. But I liked being able to give you a hint of your fantasy for real. It got carried away on the hike, and again I'm sorry. I was just trying to show you what you wanted to see without it going too far. That's why I peed in front of you."
Adam nodded. This was so weird. He felt a strange sense of defensiveness, needing to justify himself. "I know it's weird and fucked up, but I can't help it. Women are just so fucking hot, it's hard to believe they do those things. Especially you, you're like this perfect goddess."
Now it was Ashley's turn to blush, and Adam immediately felt self-conscious admitting that. "I mean all women are goddesses. I don't mean you alone, but women in general, not that you're not..." his backtracking only dug him in deeper.
She looked him dead in the eyes. "Adam, all women are goddesses." She paused and added, "but that doesn't mean you need to place them on a pedestal." Her face slightly tightened, and she leaned to the side letting out a long, deep fart that was muffled by the bed. "We're human, too."
Adam's face went from shock and disbelief to amusement. They looked at each other and finally broke out in a fit of giggles. "Oh, god!" Adam said as he was laughing almost uncontrollably and waved away the smell. "That's so bad."
"Shut up!" She chuckled and elbowed him in the side. "You're right, though." She waved the smell away as well, and they both laughed again.
Things were going so well; Adam couldn't believe it. But he still had so many questions and didn't want to risk killing the good the time they were having. Perhaps it was some internal, self-sabotaging drive that wouldn't let him leave well enough alone.
"There's one thing I still don't understand." He said nervously, not sure how to broach it.
"What's that?"
"I kind of understand why you teased me while we were hiking, but you said multiple times you'd wouldn't take a shit in front of me." The words practically got stuck in his throat.Why am I asking this? Just leave it alone and things will be good between you two."So why did you do it the other day? Did you really think it was Lexie in the bathroom?"
Adam regretted asking it but determined he'd rather have it all out in the open than live with a false sense of everything being okay. He just couldn't relax until he knew.
Ashley took in a deep breath and let it out slowly. "No, I didn't think it was Lexie. I knew it was you."
That was only a very small portion of the answer he was hoping for. "So, why'd you do it? You said you never would."
She laughed, shaking her head. "I don't know. I felt bad about what happened in the woods, I guess. I just wanted to do something nice for you and equally embarrassing on my end. A strange sort of olive branch that you might enjoy."
Adam nodded subtly, staring out the window still trying to process all of this.
"It was something you wanted to see, right?" Ashley asked trying to get him to open up about it.
"Are you kidding? You saw my porn collection. It's probably my biggest fantasy," Adam said and quickly closed his mouth, feeling his face turn beet red.
"Good," she was trying her best hide a smile. "Did it live up to your expectations? Was it everything you thought it would be?"
Adam paused for a long while. That was something he never actually thought about until just now. He wanted to blurt our yes, but that wasn't really the truth. "Maybe. No. I don't know."
Ashley smiled and nodded her understanding.
"I mean it was hot. Really hot. But just not what I thought it would be."
Ashley's unassuming face encouraged him to continue.
As if contemplating how much to tell her, he finally blurted out, "The smell was not at all what I imagined. It was, it was...bad. Surprisingly bad."
"Gee, thanks!" Ashley said jokingly.
"No, no. I don't mean it was awful." He tried to put his thoughts together. This was difficult to do. "I always knew it would smell bad, but I've only watched it in videos. I guess I thought if I saw it in real life, I would...I don't know, like the smell. But it was still a gross smell."
She laughed, "I think I understand. From the looks of it, seemed like you at least somewhat enjoyed it." Ashley nodded suggestively.
"I definitely did. But for different reasons than I thought. I think I got turned on because it was bad. Not because I liked it if that makes sense."
Ashley finally put it together before he could. "It made you realize I'm a real person. Not a perfect goddess on a pedestal."
He nodded and let out a relaxing sigh. That realization seemed to take a huge weight off his shoulders. Almost instantly he no longer felt like the disgusting pervert he used to think of himself as.
"And that was empowering. Exciting. And real," Ashley added.
Adam's head was nodding eagerly.
"Fantasies rarely turn out the way they are in our heads. Hell, that's why it's a fantasy. It almost exclusively lives in our minds. Experiencing it in real life often changes our perception of it."
He finally laughed, as if returning to his old self again. "It was just so bad! And huge, too!" He giggled almost uncontrollably.
"Alright, alright. I think we can move on from this subject," Ashley said, now genuinely blushing.
Adam still laughed and tried as hard as he could to stop but that only made him laugh harder. It seemed to be contagious.
"It wasn'tthatbad." Ashley finally gave in. "You're such an asshole," she said playfully.
"Asshole..." Adam cracked up again, now holding his belly It was starting to hurt.
"Whatever, dude." Ashley now was laughing almost just as hard. "You're a little shit, you know that?"
Adam could hardly contain himself at that last remark. "Oh, it wasn't little..."
"Okay, okay! I give!" Tears ran down their faces. Neither one could recall a time they had laughed this hard. "Truce. I'm calling a truce. Are we good?" Ashley asked, wiping away a tear.
"Yeah, we're good," Adam said as he tried to stop his giggles. Ashley leaned over with her arms outstretched to the sides, and he felt her warm embrace. He returned the hug, wrapping his arms around her, feeling her warm body pressed against his. The gentle give of her chest led him to believe she wasn't wearing a bra, not that that surprised him.
"Mmm. You always did give the best hugs," Ashley said with a satisfying sigh, not shying away from the fact her breasts were squeezing into him.
"This takes me back," Adam said, still enjoying the hug with his face practically buried into the side of her neck.
"At the end of every babysitting session, I used to love our hugs goodbye. Must have been your way of showing your gratitude for all the ice cream I let you eat and R-rated movies I let you watch," she joked.
"Yeah," Adam paused and slightly blushed as he broke the hug. "Those were the first boobs I saw."
"What?" She asked a little surprised.
"In the movies we watched. There was almost always a nude scene. Those were the first boobs I saw." He blushed again, not sure why he brought that up.
"Of course. You think that was an accident? I know what boys like." She laughed. "The trick was finding a delicate balance of movies with just enough nudity without it being too much of a sex scene. I didn't want to corrupt you too much and turn you into a sex-crazed teen."
"Looks like you failed," he joked. After thinking over everything for another moment he added with a hint of nervousness, "And those were the first boobs I saw. You know, in real life I mean." He said as he glanced down at the curves of her chest and the hard nipples poking through her thin shirt.
She blushed but didn't cover up. "I'm glad I could be a part of your sexual education."
A new awkward silence filled the air, but it was wonderful, and Adam didn't want it to end. But his mouth blabbered on all the same.
"I'm sorry I interrupted your writing when I came in. Looks like you were making some progress. How's it coming along?"
She let out a soft sigh. "Not very well. And don't worry, you didn't interrupt much of anything. I was just jotting down some thoughts. Not sure any of it makes sense. Writer's block I guess."
"What do you usually do when you get writer's block?"
"Something completely different," she looked at him as if debating if she should say it. "I usually put my laptop away and masturbate while watching the sunset to try to conjure some good prose."
Adam's jaw dropped.
"Yes, girls do that too. Just as much as boys do." She snickered and added, "Well maybe notquiteas much as boys do. But we do it a lot."
He turned red and remembered the several crusty tissues on the floor she must have seen when she used his computer that one time. Even so, he still couldn't help but smile and he loved the fact she shared that with him. "Does it help, masturbating? With your writing, I mean." He asked awkwardly.
"Not really. But it feels good," she said dryly and couldn't hold back a small laugh.
"Yeah, I certainly understand that," he said softly, both of them now looking out the window from their comfy position on the bed. The sky was just starting to turn from a country blue into a fiery orange.
"Looks like it's almost that time," she said. "Sun usually sets right around now."
There were two ways to interpret that statement, and Adam had no idea which way to take it. Was that his cue to leave, or was that an invitation to join her? His nerves got the better of him and he went with the safer response, "I should probably get going. I can leave you alone for that."
Without breaking her gaze from the window, she said, "You're welcome to join me. If you're comfortable with that?"
His heart sped up. Comfortable wasn't the word he would have used, but it was something he wanted. "Won't that be weird?" He immediately regretted that.Stupid! Just enjoy it and don't do anything to make her change her mind!
"No doubt," she laughed. "But what have we done that isn't weird? Besides, it's only as weird as we make it." She adjusted her hips and pulled the blanket on top of her legs.
Adam was surprised to find himself doing the same thing. Now his legs were under the blanket without knowing if he would participate. He couldn't imagine actually doing it, but the thought of leaving seemed even more impossible.
She leaned back, her head resting against the wall, she let out a deep sigh as she stared off into the orange sky. Her right hand slid under the blanket and her eyes closed.
Adam truly didn't believe it. He saw her subtle motions coming from under the blanket from her hand, but surely that was from something else. She was probably just scratching an itch.Maybe that's the same thing,he thought.
His wordless staring soon became evident. She stopped her rhythm and asked, "What's the matter? Not in the mood?"
Still, without a peep, he just froze. Looking over, she saw the blanket sticking straight up near his waist. "I see it's not a mood thing.Too weird?" She asked in a way that gave Adam the impression she was ready to scrap the idea and move on.
"No!" He blurted out and added more softly, "It's not too weird. It's just different, that's all."
She nodded and smiled. "Just close your eyes and enjoy a little relaxing time," she said softly as she picked up where she left off, creating a gentle vibration from her movements.
Excited, nervous and anxious, Adam reached below the blanket and lowered his boxers. The tent he was pitching momentarily disappeared as his shaft bent lower while the boxers slid down his thighs before his cock snapped back upright, creating a painfully obvious wobble in the sheets.
Ashley gave a knowing smile but never opened her eyes. She scooted a little closer until her warm thigh brushed against his bare leg under the blanket. There she was, this perfect goddess, masturbating right next to him, it was almost too much to take. He figured he better start with his hand before he erupted involuntarily like in the waterfall. Even if it did end that quickly, it would be nicer to say it happened on purpose from his hand.
Quickly he reached under the blanket and found his eager shaft. After a few subtle twists around the head, he glided the pre-cum up and down his engorged member. Soon his hand sped up at a rapid pace, making almost a slapping noise as it hit the blanket with each furious stroke. His pace quickened and he was already starting to breathe hard. His opposite hand rested on his thigh and fell to the side, gently bumping Ashley's leg.
Adam's stroking sped up twofold and he was practically gasping already. Something deep inside of him gave him the courage to gently slide his hand over her thigh, softly feeling her warm flesh under his fingers.
"What the hell are you doing?" Ashley asked and stopped all her movement.
"I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" He belted out in a panic. "I don't mean to touch your leg. I just couldn't help it."
"No, not that. What are you doing with this hand?" she asked, pointing to his hand that was firmly gripping his erection.
"Oh, umm..." he was caught off guard by that. "Jerking off?" He said sheepishly.Oh please tell me I didn't misread what she meant."I'm sorry I was just doing what I thought you were doing."
"That's not what I'm doing!"
Oh god, was it possible she wasn't even masturbating at all under the blanket?"I'm so sorry, I thought that's what we were...I thought you were..."
"Not like that I wasn't. Geez, you looked like you were trying to rip your tip off at that pace," she said, finally cracking a smile.
"Oh," he said, not really sure what to say next.
"I said let's enjoy a nice relaxing time. If that's how you get off normally, I think it might explain why you, uh, prematurely had an orgasm the other day."
"You mean when I came on you without even touching myself?" He finally smiled back.
"Yeah, that," she smiled. "It's okay. You just need to practice going a little slower, or else you'll always cum that quickly."
He was amazed at how plainly she could say a statement like that. And she was right, almost every time he jerked off, he was afraid of getting caught, someone walking in on him, or whatever the reason. So, he always went as fast as he could.
"Someday you're going to want to satisfy a girl, and you won't be able to if you nearly explode at the beginning," she said almost encouragingly. "Now, let's try it again, but this time much slower."
He watched as she closed her eyes again and resumed her steady rubbing beneath the blanket. His hand reached lower and already felt his cock starting to pulse. This was going to be difficult.
She scooted even closer, and nearly her whole side was up against him. His arm seemed to find its way around her back, holding her opposite hip. With a concentrated focus, he began to slowly slide his hand up and down his shaft. It felt like torture denying the gratification he needed. But the longer he drew it out, the torture started to feel more like an ongoing intense feeling he never had.
It was so strong, he almost forgot where he was and just focused on the sensations flooding through his body. But old habits die hard, and his hand sped up. Subtly at first, but each stroke went faster and faster until he was gasping moments later.
Ashley pulled his hand right off his dick, and they both watched his shaft shake underneath the blanket. "Did you...?" She asked somewhere between amused and disappointed.
"I don't think so?" Adam was confused. It felt like he came but at the same time, he was pretty sure he didn't actually shoot his load.
"Good. I think you just successfully edged," she smiled, closed her eyes and continued to play with herself. "When you feel it coming on, just let go and try to let it pass without fully giving in."
He nodded and resumed slowly stroking himself. "When should I finish?" There was a slight hint of concern in his voice.
"After I do. Well, after the girl does. A good rule to follow is to always make sure she is satisfied first. That will make you a better lover."
Those words seemed to make sense, but was still a foreign concept to him. Adam resumed stroking, but consciously tried to go slower. His hand teased various areas of his shaft, gently squeezing the base before twisting around his head. Once again, his old habits took over, and he started stroking faster and faster. At the last second, he completely let go of his erection and watched it pulse under the sheet.
"Very good!" Ashley said encouragingly, while steadily rubbing herself under the sheets.
Adam watched with great fascination as her own breathing was starting to pick up, as were her hand motions. She was getting close, and Adam resumed his stroking this time more focused on her than himself. His pacing was based off her breathing, and as she sped up, he sped up. Ashley bit her lip and her whole body slightly shifted as she let out a little moan. Turning toward him, she lowered her to the side resting on his shoulder as she finally started to shake and let out a soft, breathy moan that almost sounded like she was in pain before she sighed with relief.
Still breathing heavily, she looked over and smiled. "You made it, now you're free to enjoy your own release."
This strangely felt like a lot of pressure, but a challenge he was confident he could handle. "I'm so close," he muttered.
"I know," she chuckled. "Here, why don't you use this." She leaned over and pulled a pair of panties off the floor and handed them to Adam.
"Uhh, thanks?" He said and immediately began sniffing them while still stroking himself. The fabric smelled earthy, like a mix of sweat and something else entirely. It wasn't a flowery smell, if he was being honest, it was kind of a dirty, intoxicating foul smell, but it turned him on all the more.
She couldn't help but laugh. "I meant you can use that to catch your cum, but I guess you can use it for that, too."
"I knew that," he said quickly and removed it from his nose like it was a joke. That fooled no one.
"Of course," she said and placed a hand on his thigh under the blanket. That new touch pushed him over the edge almost immediately. Ashley seemed to understand the urgency and grabbed the panties from him, quickly pulling the blanket down, exposing his erection.
She caught the first spurt in the panties, but the second, more powerful spurt shot over her hand and landed on the bed between his legs. His body writhed, and she moved the panties to his tip and covered his head with it as the last few spasms drained his balls of whatever cum was left in him.
He hadn't even realized how tightly he was gripping her waist as he started to calm down.
Once he finally let go of his shaft, she gently wiped his head catching the lingering drips of cum pooling at the tip. She removed the panties and looked at the drenched fabric. "Impressive," she said and tossed them on the floor.
"Sorry about that," he said. "I didn't mean to ruin your panties."
"It'll wash out," she shrugged. "Actually, it probably won't. That was a lot..." she winked and gave him a gentle elbow to his side.
He chuckled as well and noticed his cock was still just as hard, uncovered and sticking straight up.
"Does it always stay hard that long after you finish?" She asked.
"Most of the time," he blushed. "Is that bad?"
She shook her head and had a sly smile. "You're going to make some girls pretty happy with that ability."
There they were, side by side, legs touching each other. His cock awkwardly sticking up, her legs closed enough where all he could see were her soft thighs concealing her hidden mysteries. The sun had nearly disappeared in the distance and the room grew darker.
"It's getting late," she said. "How about one of your famous hugs before you go?"
He leaned over, gave her a warm hug and felt her breasts beneath her shirt squish against him. He smelled her neck and adjusted his body so he was more directly facing her. From the new position, he felt his stiff cock rest against her leg and he subconsciously pulled her in even closer.
Adam's hand slid over her belly and gently cupped her breast. He was mortified and couldn't believe he was doing it, but sure enough, his hand was twirling her hardened nipples through the fabric and he felt a familiar sensation stirring below.
She gently broke away, letting his hand give her boob one last squeeze. "Don't push it, Romeo," she said, now looking at his cock that had started to ooze a new puddle of pre-cum onto her leg.
"Right. Sorry." He didn't know what came over him, he hopped off the bed, bulling his shorts up before heading out.
"Keep practicing, Adam," she said as he was leaving. "Don't give in too quickly."
He nodded and left. Despite her advice, he went to his room and erupted almost instantly in a mix of pleasure and extreme disgust and guilt thinking about all that just happened with his cousin.What have I done?
21. JEN
Jen was relieved it was the weekend. That way she didn't have to face Erik. She truly didn't want to go back to class on Monday. How could she after what happened, after what she saw? But her need to protect her family from burdening them with her own issues was something she'd always been cursed with.
If she didn't go back to class, her family would wonder what's wrong. Not to mention this whole summer trip idea was based around her helping at the class. She knew none of them truly wanted to be here, not really. She could only imagine how mad they'd be if they found out she stopped going to class and they still had to stay here. They'd hate me. I'd hate me. Stop!
Her mind wrestled with these thoughts and she didn't know quite what she was going to do, but she knew she needed to stay in charge of her family. Always in charge, always making sure they were okay.
Later that afternoon, Jon and Jen drove to the store to pick up some food to grill. She was looking forward to a nice relaxing evening, eating outside and catching up with the family. She sighed, finally gaining a bit of sanity back in her life. They walked up and down the aisles throwing in condiments, drinks, buns and all the items needed for a delicious cookout.
"Jen!" a familiar voice called out and a chill ran down her spine.
She turned slowly and almost froze. "Erik," Jen replied, trying not to look too shocked.
"Erik? As in, 'The' Erik?" Jon shot out his hand, "I'm Jon, it's great to finally meet you."
"Likewise, I've heard so much about you," Erik replied.
Jen had a strange feeling of guilt in the pit of her stomach as she watched them shake hands.
Jon glanced at Jen and either didn't sense her awkward tension or purposely ignored it. "We're having a little cookout tonight. Why don't you join us?"
Erik smiled and looked at Jen, "I'm not so sure I can."
Thank god, Jen thought to herself.
"Nonsense, I insist." Jon added, "Are you a meat-eater?"
"You kidding? I enjoy sinking my teeth into anything juicy," Erik said with a smile and shot a quick glance at Jen.
"Perfect. I'll grab some ribeyes," Jon said.
"Is it alright if I bring my wife?" Erik asked.
Jen's eyes widened, You're married?
"Of course, the more the merrier," Jon replied and started picking out the thickest cuts of rib eye the store had.
"See you tonight," Erik said and gave one last smile to Jen.
Her stomach sank. She was not ready to see him again so soon, and certainly not ready to hang out with him, his wife and Jon all in one evening.
She was almost more disturbed by the fact she was bothered he didn't tell her he was married. Why is it bothering me so much? I should be relieved he's married, not upset. She felt like such a hypocrite. Not to mention after what happened, she was debating never seeing him ever again. And now she was mad he kept it hidden that he was married. This is not good.
Later back at home, she was busy getting things ready for the evening, cleaning the kitchen, setting the plates on the patio table and whatever else she could do to get her mind off what was coming up.
"You alright?" Ashley asked as she zipped up her hoodie, "you've been pacing back and forth for ten minutes now."
Jen nodded, "ha, yeah. Just want to make sure everything goes well tonight." She didn't know how to explain it without divulging too much.
"I'm sure it will be great. I'm looking forward to meeting him. Any guy that's making you this nervous must be pretty special."
Jen blushed, was she being that obvious? "I'm very thankful for the opportunity to teach with him. It's about helping the kids, and I'm happy to be a part of it. That's all."
Ashley nodded, "Of course. That's what I meant."
Jen had no idea if she was being serious or humoring her. "I would be curious to hear what you think of him. You know, just your overall impression. Maybe tomorrow or something?" And tell me if your creep radar goes off.
"You got it. We'll have some much-needed girl time and gossip." Ashley winked and went back to writing in her notebook.
It wasn't long until the buzz of the doorbell echoed through the house. Here goes nothing, she thought as she opened the door.
"Jen! Thank you so much for inviting us." He hugged her before she had a chance to step away. She had to return the gesture for fear of looking too awkward otherwise.
Jon walked up as well and shook Erik's hand. "So glad you could make it!"
"Here, I'd like you to meet my wife, Heather."
Jen's eyes widened; his wife was beautiful. Stunning actually. "Pleasure," She said politely shaking her hand.
Jon had a curious look on his face, one she couldn't quite place.
Heather had a similar look while seeing Jon. "I think we've..."
"I'm Jon," he said interrupting her, quickly throwing out his hand for her.
"I'm Heather," she said softly and looked like she was holding back from saying something.
The silence was painful. "We brought wine!" Erik said.
For once, Jen was glad at something Erik did, breaking up the tension briefly. "Wonderful. I'll take that. Heather, would you care to help me in the kitchen while the boys get acquainted?"
"Love to," Heather said and followed her out of the room.
"So, what do you do?" Jen asked her.
"I own a health gym and spa in town. Heather's Health and Wellness."
"That must be where Jon goes!" Jen said, "I'm surprised you guys haven't met before."
"He does look familiar," Heather said softly, almost unsure of herself.
Jen couldn't put her finger on it, but it felt weird. This whole stupid evening felt weird. She saw Jon and Erik chatting by the grill outside and wondered if they were experiencing an equally awkward conversation. Oh god, what is Erik saying to him? She tried to calm herself, imagining there was no way he would say anything that would make himself look bad. Is there?
Small talk took up the remainder of the time until the food was ready. The steaks sizzled on a platter and even the kids came down to enjoy the savory meal.
"Erik, Heather, I'd like you to meet our daughter, Lexie and our son, Adam." The kids nodded in a nonchalant way that only teenagers do.
"And this is my niece, Ashley." Jen tried to keep her face from reacting as she saw Ashley now wearing just a tank top and no bra. What happened to that nice and very covering hoodie you had on? She sighed and tried to tell herself it was fine, no big deal, but she felt all the more uncomfortable knowing Erik could see the outline of her nipples through the fabric.
I wanted your opinion of him, not make him stare at your tits! She wondered if it was her protective instincts, or was it jealousy and didn't want him looking at another naked woman? What the hell is wrong with you?!?!
"Nice to meet you," Erik and Heather said in sync.
"It's a pleasure," Ashley replied with a subtle smile on her face as she looked over at Jen.
Soon they were all seated at the table on the patio, passing around corn, salad, and mashed potatoes.
"These steaks are delicious, Jon. Great job," Erik said as he stood and started to pour some wine for Jen, Heather, and Ashley first before topping off Jon and himself.
"Kids?" He shook the bottle with a friendly smile.
"They're not old enough," Jen said quickly.
"Sometimes we all need to break the rules every now and then," Erik said giving Jen a subtle glance.
"I would but I'm about to head out to the pool," Lexie said as she stood up and grabbed her plate.
You would? What the hell does that mean? Do you already drink? She wondered and tried to remember Lexie was a good kid. She needed to trust her. "What are you doing at the pool at this hour? Isn't it a little late for your normal lesson?"
"It's not a lesson. It's a little celebration. I made the squad," she said modestly.
"You did? Honey, that's great!" Jen ran over and hugged her.
"Yeah, yeah. Thanks, mom," Lexie said, pretending like she was annoyed.
"Be careful. And don't be afraid to call if you get yourself into anything you can't handle. I'll be more upset if you don't than if you're honest."
"Got it," Lexie replied and left the table.
It made Jen glad to see someone in the family who was enjoying the summer. It almost made her forget her own tangled web she found herself in. Almost.
"I should get going, too. This book isn't going to write itself," Ashley said and headed in. Adam left as well, but as usual, didn't say much before exiting.
"It's getting late," Erik said, taking a cue from the kids.
"Nonsense. The sun has barely started going down." Jon said. "There's a nice little fire pit down near the beach. I can get it started and we'll have another round or two before you go?"
"That sounds nice," Heather replied. "Doesn't it, babe?"
Erik nodded and looked at Jen. "Delightful."
"Jen, please let me help you with the dishes. While the boys go do caveman stuff and start the fire," Heather said.
Jon let out a silly grunt and left with Erik.
"They are silly," Heather said with a soft laugh.
Jen had so many questions for Heather that she couldn't ask. Did you know your husband likes to tie up women? Has he ever tied you up? Oh god, has he ever hurt you? Her mind ran wild imagining the worst.
It was awkwardly quiet until Heather broke the silence. "You have a beautiful family. Wonderful kids. You must be so proud."
"Yes, they really do surprise me sometimes."
Heather smiled, "Surprises are the best part of life."
"Sometimes," Jen replied plainly.
Soon they joined up with the men down at the bonfire. Erik and Jon were sitting on opposite logs, casually chatting.
Jen quickly took a seat near Jon. Heather sat near Erik and now they were all facing each other. Perhaps looking at Erik was harder than sitting next to him.
They casually chatted about meaningless stuff and continued to drink. The sun had gone down and it was starting to get dark. The waves of the lake softly crashed in the distance, providing a cozy atmosphere.
"I think the wine and these few beers are finally kicking in," Erik said in a silly tone.
"You're drunk?" Heather asked surprised.
"Hardly, but I do need to use the restroom."
"It's on the second floor, on the right," Jon said.
He nodded, got up and headed back.
Jen watched him disappear toward the house and started to get nervous. She didn't trust him in there. "I better go make sure he can find it." And she darted off after him.
Erik was already inside by the time she got back to the house. She wasn't sure what she was doing, but something drove her toward him all the same. Once on the second floor, she remembered you had to either go through Lexie's or Adam's room to get to the bathroom. Both of their doors were always closed, and she doubted he would have gone into their rooms.
That only left the master bedroom and bathroom and the door was wide open. Hesitantly she walked in and saw Erik in their closet rummaging through her dresser.
"What are you doing?" she asked in a shaky voice.
"Not so fun when someone goes through your personal belongings, is it?" he held up a bra, smirked and tossed it to the side.
A terrible feeling coursed through her body as she watched him hold up various pairs of her panties, tossing them carelessly to the floor.
He let out a deep sigh and held up a rather realistic, penis-shaped dildo that was tucked away in the corner of her drawer. Erik raised his eyebrows holding it out to her, but then still tossed it to the side with a cold smirk.
She wasn't even embarrassed about the dildo, she was just frozen, wondering what he was doing. What he was looking for?
"Ahh, I thought so," he pulled out the torn sheet of paper from his sketchbook and stared at it deeply.
Jen carefully stepped closer and watched as he traced the lines in the drawing, gently touching the pleading hands. "She was my first." He said softly.
"First what? First drawing? First victim?"
Erik let out a little laugh. "No, nothing quite that bad. My first love."
"First love? Not your first murder victim?" she spat out in a mix of humor and relief.
"Murder? You think I murdered someone and still let me in your house? What's wrong with you?"
It did seem a bit foolish when she thought about it, but still...those expressions. "The women looked like they were afraid. Did you hurt them?"
"Some, yes." He said softly, "but not in the way you're thinking."
"Does your wife know? About all of those women?"
He turned to her with his piercing eyes, "Does your husband know you posed for me?"
She stood there sheepishly.
"Didn't think so," he replied and walked over to her bed, sitting down on the corner and stared at the hands. There was pain in his eyes.
"I take it things didn't work out between you two?"
"I'm not with her now, am I?" He said sharply.
"Aww, did she find out about your fetish and leave you?" She said and quickly realized it came out much meaner than she expected.
"She was taken from me." He paused and added, "Not just me. She was taken from this world, and far too early."
Jen's jaw dropped. "I'm so sorry, I had no idea. How?"
"That's a story for another time."
Jen looked a little uneasy.
"I didn't kill her if that's what you were thinking." He half-smiled. "Never thought I'd have to say that."
"Who were all the others in the sketchbook?"
"Others," he said plainly.
"Other lovers? Other girls who were taken from you?"
"Fuck you!" he snapped, and his eyes darkened.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I didn't mean anything by it. Just trying to make light of this." She knew that was an awful joke.
"I assure you my past is nothing to make light of."
Jen didn't know how to take that and remained silent. This had been a strange and unexpected discussion.
"We should probably get back to the bonfire before they start to get concerned," Erik said.
"You're right." She said and added, "I do have one more question, though."
"Ask away. Can't promise I'll have a good answer."
"When you thought about drawing me, did you imagine me like one of the others?"
He stared at her with his piercing eyes but said nothing.
"Did you picture me tied up, bound? Submitting...?" She said suggestively.
His nostrils flared, and she found herself suddenly airborne as he threw her on the bed. Jen landed on her back, lightly bouncing, and he climbed on top of her, straddling her hips.
Her chest heaved wildly as he gripped her wrists tightly, holding them over her head. His eyes practically screamed that he was ready to devour her completely.
"You have no idea what you're asking for," he snarled.
"I wasn't asking for anything," she knew that was a lie.
He leaned down, still holding her wrists, keeping her immobilized. "Don't lie to me." He looked down her writhing body and glanced back up, locking his gaze on her eyes. "Don't. Ever. Lie. To. Me."
Fear ran through her body. She couldn't describe it, but she wanted it. She invited the fear, the full-body consuming fear that coursed through her entire body down to her bones. She already was one of the women in his book.
"I will never lie to you," Jen found herself saying obediently.
Erik looked her up and down, his eyes burned with a fury she hadn't seen before. His lips met hers and his teeth lightly bit her lower lip, softly pulling, until they clamped painfully into her flesh before releasing her.
"Good," Erik said in a soft, menacing voice as he got up and walked out of the room. "Don't let it happen again."
Yes, Erik. She thought to herself but didn't dare utter aloud.
Her chest rose and fell rapidly as she could finally breathe freely again. A pulsing fear hummed in her body and her bitten lip still stung. A small reminder of his presence. His control.
And she wanted more.
22. LEXIE
Lexie took off on her bike and headed to the pool. She purposely didn't bring her bathing suit with her and hoped she wouldn't regret that. She still couldn't believe she saw Emily kissing Mark.Were they a legit couple? Is that why Emily has been treating me so shitty these past few weeks because she thought I was moving in on her territory?
She also realized that was pretty crappy of Mark who led her on if he was actually dating Emily. But her self-doubt reared its ugly head and she began to question if he really had been flirting with her at all. Maybe it all was just harmless lifeguard lessons that she interpreted more than it ever was. Of course, he'd want to date Emily. She's confident, gorgeous and has a body to die for. Not to mention they both live in this town and have known each other for years. They could have been a couple long before this summer.
These thoughts, though painful, were easier to handle than the looming questions in the back of her mind about her and Emily.And the CPR. Each thought was more confusing than the last. She was not at all ready to deal with that, and welcomed every new distraction as it temporarily took her mind off that last problem.
All these thoughts raced through her head as she rode to the pool, preventing her from dwelling on the fact that this was a skinny-dipping party. But once she arrived, all those fears came crawling back. Lexie locked up her bike outside and walked in, trying to find her resolve. Emily was right. I just need to own this.If I walk into the party nude before they have a chance to haze me, it'll show them I don't have to take their shit. Not Emily's, not Mark's, not anyone's. I'm not a pushover and I can prove it!
She quickly realized if she did this, it wouldn't be to prove these things to them, it would be to prove them to herself. Right now, she didn't believe she was that person at all. But she could be. She wanted to be.
Emily was not waiting at the front desk for the first time since Lexie had been coming here. She heard the faint sounds coming from the pool and headed to the lockers first. A few bags and shoes and clothes were lying around. People were already here, and they had already undressed.Emily was right. Fuck.
She put her ear up to the door to the outdoor pool and heard them joking around, laughing and even music playing in the background. They were all there. Waiting for her.
Lexie found her usual locker, took off her shoes, her shorts and then her top. After a long, deep breath she undid her bra and slipped her panties down and off her legs. She got a glance of herself in the mirror before heading out. There she was, completely naked. Her eyes focused on her breasts, her hips, her legs. And for perhaps the first time in her life, she wasn't wishing various parts of her body were different sizes, bigger, smaller, less flabby, curvier, more anything. She finally smiled and thought to herself,this is who I am.And she was glad.
Her heart was pounding in her chest as she walked over to the door.This is it. Own this shit,she thought to herself as she opened the door and walked out to the pool.
The group practically froze as if someone paused time. Even the music was shut off. Lexie stood there in front of everyone, naked as the day she was born and saw that everyone else had on a bathing suit.
It was so quiet you could have heard a pin drop. Lexie was mortified and couldn't move. This was unlike any feeling she had ever experienced.
A crowd formed, full of silent conversation. The area was lit by the glowing building lights and it felt like there was a spotlight on her on the biggest stage in the world. They huddled in clusters, most of them holding beer or other beverages, all staring at Lexie. Amidst the quiet gasps, there was one laugh that stood out and grew louder. Emily had her hand on her belly laughing so hard she nearly fell over. "You dumb, bitch," she said in between breathless gasps of laughing and shaking her head.
The cackling grew louder but no one else seemed to join in. Lexie looked to Mark for support, but he was speechless. His mouth was wide open, with his sight locked on Lexie.
She felt the weight of all of their eyes on her body. She wanted to cover up. Cross her arms, hide her breasts, squeeze her legs together to conceal her slit, her recently trimmed patch of hair. She wanted to shrink away, to shrivel up and disappear. She wanted to. But she didn't.
Her heart sped up even more, so much so she thought it might make her breasts shake. Every instinct in her told her to run and leave. But she stood there, and something inside her wouldn't let her.
Own this shit.
Lexie took a deep breath, slightly raised her chin and put her hands on her hips striking a power pose as she faced their judging eyes. Her lips slightly curled and her look of fear transformed into a sly smirk.You got this.
"I thought this was supposed to be a party," she said with an air of confidence she hadn't felt before. "So...let's party."
With those last words, she ran to the pool, breasts wobbling, and felt her butt jiggle as she dove into the deep end. She swam all the way to the bottom and glided back up, emerging from the water as a new woman. Her modest breasts floated right at the waterline, clearly visible to all of them. She no longer cared.
Her brief moment of bravery turned her from the butt of Emily's joke to making them question their own confidence. Nervously they looked at each other, not sure what to do.
Mark stepped forward as if debating this in his head. "Fuck it," he said and took off his T-shirt over his head and laughed. "Let's party." With that, he slid his bathing suit down his legs and threw them to the side.
Now it was Lexie's turn to gasp as she stared at his body, and couldn't deny she was looking right at his plump penis. The first one she had ever seen in real life. It was thick and dangled healthily between his legs as he dove in the water as well.
The crowd seemed to look back and forth at each other and almost simultaneously shrugged their shoulders and started to strip down. Within moments it was a sea of flesh. Penises of all different shapes and sizes flopped about, with curly patches of hair surrounding their base.
The girls followed suit, and Lexie was relieved to see the variety of their bodies as well. Everything from breasts that could be on the cover of a magazine, to chests that were not much more than pointy nipples on a slender frame. She could only make out blurry patches of hair over their vaginas as they dove in.
It was officially a skinny-dipping party, and she started it. Everyone was in the water, splashing each other and giggling wildly. Everyone but Emily. She stood on the deck of the pool still in her baggie hoodie and shorts. Emily practically burned a hole through Lexie's skull from her intense stare and mouthed the words, "you fucking bitch," before walking out.
The party continued. They played volleyball hitting it to each other, just trying to keep it above the water. Occasionally you'd see someone jump to get a misguided volley and hear roars of giggles as a penis or butt came into view. The best part was it all in good fun. The laughs were welcoming and the mood was euphoric. In her entire life, she couldn't recall a time she saw more people genuinely enjoying each other's presence so openly.
As the night went on, people chatted and broke off into smaller groups. She spotted a few guys and girls playing silly flirting games, which often ended in someone dunking another,innocentlygrabbing handfuls of flesh in the process.
Lexie swam over to Mark who was chatting with a few other guys. As she got closer, they not so subtly teased him and eventually left them alone to talk.
"Some party," Lexie said with a playful splash to Mark.
"It is, thanks to you," he smiled. "What on earth made you come out naked?"
Lexie realized if she blamed this on Emily, that it was all just a cruel joke on her she would lose all the respect she had earned. "Just wanted to make it a fun party," she winked and gave him another splash.
"You certainly achieved that," he splashed back and took another step closer.
Lexie's breasts hovered right at the waterline, going back and forth from being underwater to out in the open, depending on how the water was swaying. He took another step closer, and she saw him look at her chest for a moment before looking back at her eyes. He didn't hide the fact he looked, he did it again and smiled and took another step closer, now standing right in front of her.
Despite her newfound confidence, she was completely nervous and excited. She didn't know how to handle this much attention and splashed him once again and foolishly tried to tackle him by jumping toward him.
Mark was a lot taller than Lexie and much stronger. He barely budged from her poor attempt to dunk him. Instead, he was now holding her hips, while her legs wrapped around his waist. She moved her arms around his neck to keep from falling back.
"Lexie, Lexie, Lexie...whatever are you trying to do?" He asked teasingly as he held her close to his body. Her breasts were practically resting on his chest and their faces were almost touching.
"Trying to dunk you, duh," she said in a bubblier tone than she had intended.
He smirked, and once again looked down at her breasts and back up at her with a sly grin. "Valiant effort, but you'll need to try a lot harder than that."
She giggled and tried to push him sideways, backward and every which way but knew she had no leverage while he held her. Both of them could barely stop laughing, it was a deep laugh, the kind that makes you feel warm inside and forget everything else. Finally, they locked eyes and his hands slid from her hips, down to the bottom of her legs to hold her even closer.
She could feel her slit rub against his waist, and she stared at him. "Fuck it, let's party," she whispered and leaned in as they kissed. Softly at first, but their teenage eagerness was too much to hold back. Their lips parted, and their tongues danced together, taking only small breaks to gasp and moan.
His strong arms held her still. She moved her head kissing his cheek while he softly bit her neck before returning to her lips. Mark's hand found a way to slide up her belly, still managing to hold her close with just the other arm. She audibly gasped at the first touch of her breasts and bit his lip enjoying all the new sensations.
It was all too good to be true. Her mind raced and then returned to reality. "Wait!" She said breathlessly. "Wait!"
"What? Too fast?" He said softly and nibbled on her neck. "We can go as slow as you like." With that last word, his tongue slid up her neck all the way to her ear, gently biting her earlobe. She could hear his deep, manly sigh so close to her.
She nearly lost herself but regained her composure. "No!"
"What?" Now he looked genuinely confused. "I thought you wanted to...?"
"I do, well, I mean." She shook her head and finally blurted out what was on her mind. "What about Emily? Are you dating her? I saw you kiss her the other night."
"Ahh..." he said, and she could tell that certainly slowed down his momentum.
"Are you dating her?" She asked again. While she might have thought Emily was a bitch, she certainly didn't want to make Mark cheat on her if they were dating. No one deserves that. "Are you guys together or not?" She asked again.
He sighed and opened his mouth, and then shut it. It looked like he wasn't sure how to word it. "Emily and I..."
"HEY! HEY!" A man's voice yelled out from the distance. "Just what on god's green earth do you think you're doing?" The voice got closer and everyone in the pool looked up. There was a bright flashlight pointed at them and it was hard to see, but eventually, the man put it down and he came into view.
"Good evening, sheriff," Mark said in an overly polite way. "To what do we owe the pleasure?"
"Don't give me that shit, boy! You know damn well no one is supposed to be in the pool after 10. I'm getting calls left and right about noise complaints."
Mark stared at him blankly and Lexie gathered this was not his first run-in with the sheriff. She looked around the pool, and all the girls were crossing their arms to cover their breasts while the boys mostly stood still.
"What in the hell is wrong with you, boy? Are you dumb or just an idiot?" The sheriff yelled while chewing his gum.
"Just an idiot, Sir." He said with a straight face and many of the other guards snickered. He was putting on a show.
"Don't make me get in there and smack the taste out of your mouth."
"You're welcome to join us, but I think you're overdressed," Mark kept pushing back.
"You are such a smart ass. You have always been a royal pain in my butt, you know that? I have half a mind to arrest you right now. Take you down to the station, butt-ass naked and parade you around town."
Mark did not reply this time. Even he knew when not to push his luck.
The sheriff looked menacingly around at the group and spit to the side. "I've got to do my rounds, doesn't take me long. I'll be back here in about 20 minutes. I'll let this go for now, but if I catch any of you in here when I get back..." he shook his head and started to walk out. "And put your damn clothes on get your asses home. Your parents are probably worried sick about you fools."
The crowd snickered and laughed once he finally left. "Alright, you heard the sheriff. Get your asses home," Mark yelled, and Lexie watched, fascinated as several naked bodies climbed out of the pool, butts of all shapes and sizes jiggling as they scurried away into the building to leave.
Mark climbed out of the pool next and Lexie stared at him. His back, legs, and arms all seemed to flex and stretch in a beautiful, fluid motion as he got out. Finally, he turned around, towering above Lexie while she was still in the pool. She looked up, and having almost no experience with penises, couldn't help but notice how much bigger it looked than when he first got naked. Mark offered her a hand and pulled her out of the water. Her face was only inches from his legs as he pulled her straight up. She rose up, over his legs and for a brief moment, her face was right in front of his dangling penis. If she leaned in just an inch, her tongue could have licked him. That thought made her blush and gave her a strange tingly sensation throughout her body.
They stood right in front of each other, and she barely came up to his chin. She wanted more than anything to kiss him again, to feel his body against hers. But she also wanted answers about him and Emily. In this moment it was hard to tell which she wanted more.
Marked leaned forward and she closed her eyes, not sure what to expect. After a moment she heard him whisper in her ear, "I have something for you. Wait here."
Lexie opened her eyes and watched his sexy butt walk away. Suddenly she was alone and aware of her nakedness. Quickly she crossed her arms and felt how hard her nipples were from being out of the water.
Mark returned a few moments later holding something behind his back, with no hint of shame to cover up his dangling penis as he walked back to her. "Here. You earned this."
He handed her a red, one-piece bathing suit with the lifeguard emblem on it. She really did it. In that moment she forgot about almost everything else that happened. It was a pure sense of satisfaction and achievement she had never felt before.
Mark gave her a kiss on the cheek and started to walk back inside. "Your first shift starts tomorrow." He called out, and added, "Now get your sexy ass home before the sheriff comes back!"
Lexie looked at the bathing suit, so many weeks of hard work went into it. She held it close to her chest and giggled.He thinks my ass is sexy.
23.JON
Heather walked over to Jon and sat down next to him on the log in front of the cozy fire. Together they watched Jen run into the house after Erik. The whole thing struck Jon as quite odd, but he didn't bring it up.
"So..." Jon began.
Heather looked at him curiously, "Yes?"
There was a long, awkward pause and they both returned their gaze to the fire.
"By the way, it's nice to meet you, too," Heather chuckled, still staring at the fire, "but I thought we were a little past that by now."
Jon smirked. "Sorry, I panicked. Wasn't expecting to see you were married to the guy my wife is working with over the summer." He took another sip of his drink, "I wasn't expecting to see that you were married at all."
"I don't recall hearing anything about your wife either."
They both had a sly grin on their faces as it appeared to be a stalemate.
"I do have one question for you," Heather started.
"I'm all ears," Jon replied, now looking at her.
"You never did tell me what you do. What is it you said? You profit from other people's fear? What the hell does that mean?"
Jon laughed, "Yeah, that was a pretty cocky statement. Suppose I deserve what I got for saying it."
"Cocky? Maybe. Incredibly vague? Absolutely. So, what did you mean? Do you rob people? Scare them into giving you bags of money?"
"In a way," Jon said mysteriously.
"You know the last time you were that vague and arrogant karma nearly tore your groin apart..."
"Fair point. I'm not a robber. I'm a trader," he took another sip of the drink, still staring into the fire. "The more scared people get, the more opportunity there is to make money. So, I profit from other people's fear."
"You trade what? Stocks?"
"Yes, sometimes. Stocks, futures, options. Wherever there is the most opportunity that day."
"Isn't that just gambling?" Heather asked, not hiding her skepticism.
"On the contrary. It's all a matter of being able to size up your risk."
Heather looked confused.
"I look at a situation and weigh the risks versus the rewards. Then I'm pretty good at knowing when to go for it and when to back off."
"How do you know?" She asked.
"It's hard to say, just gotta trust my gut."
Heather nodded and slid a little closer, placing a hand on his leg, "What is your gut telling you now?"
Jon turned from the fire to meet her eyes, his breathing sped up as her hand slowly slid over his linen shorts and up his thigh.
"Are you going to go for it...or back off?"
He wanted nothing more than to adjust his legs so her hand would slide over his crotch, but he tried his best to stay cool. He finally laughed and that broke the tension.
"What about you, Miss Professional Massage Therapist?"
"What about me?"
"If we're getting real here, what was with the free massage?" Jon asked.
"I just wanted to be nice," she said mysteriously.
"Because...?"
Now it was Heather's turn to laugh, "because you're bringing me a lot of business."
Jon furrowed his brow. "What? How?"
Heather shrugged her shoulders, "who knows for sure. But my guess is, word got out a gorgeous naked man was walking around, and some people wanted to see."
"Bull shit," he denied it but was flattered by the thought. "How would they even know I'm there?"
"Small town. Word travels fast. You can barely fart without half the town knowing."
"Charming," Jon shook his head, refusing to believe it. "Even if that was true, that doesn't explain the extra special care during the massage."Why am I asking her that?!It felt like it went against every unwritten rule that ever existed.
"Jon! I am a licensed massage and physical therapist," she said, exaggerating her words. "I only wanted to make sure your injury is properly cared for."
Her hand slid back on his thigh. "How is your injury doing, anyway? I told you I'd keep an eye on it," she said noting the thick imprint of his shaft going down the inside of his shorts.
He squirmed at her teasing touch. "It's getting better by the minute. But I can always use a second opinion."
She lightly pressed on his inner thigh, nudging his cock in the process. "Still seems a little stiff to me. Have you been massaging it as I suggested?"
He gulped and watched her carefully rub the area, indirectly touching his shaft without actually rubbing it.
He blushed and failed to think of anything clever to say. "Well, what do you think, doc? Am I going to be okay?"
"I'd need to examine it closer to know for sure." Heather's hand left his groin and went back to his knee, this time sliding her hand up his leg inside his shorts. She slid inside his boxers and she felt his hard shaft brush against the back of her fingers as she massaged his inner thigh.
"Feels pretty serious to me. Might have to check on it again soon."
They locked eyes and their faces were nearly touching.
"What about you?" Jon asked changing the subject, "Did my handy work on your chest leave you extra sore?"
"It left me extra something..." Heather adjusted her shirt and slid her hand in her V-neck, lightly massaging her chest. "Whatever you did, I'm looking forward to more of it."
Jon had to pause for a moment. "This is crazy. Are you at all worried about Erik and Jen coming back any moment now?"
She smiled, "I'm more worried about my sore chest. Is it supposed to feel like this?"
Jon willingly fell for her trap and placed his hand on her upper chest. "Where does it hurt? Here?"
"Kind of, you're close," she whispered.
Jon's hand lowered slightly until it was inside the top half of her bra.
She let out a soft moan. "I think you found the spot," she said as his fingers might have barely grazed her nipple.
Jon wasn't sure what came over him as he leaned in and kissed her. Their lips met and his hand massaged her breast as he felt her hand slide up in his shorts once again.
This was so wrong. He could be caught any moment now. And all he could think about was kissing her more. As his tongue met hers, he felt the distinct feeling of her hand teasing his sack. Jon nearly gasped at the incredible sensation. "Fuck, don't stop." He muttered as he lowered her shirt further, exposing both breasts. Their kissing sped up and he wanted relief. The tip of his penis was now sticking out the side of his pant leg. "Don't stop," was all he could mutter.
The sound of the door opening in the distance snapped him out of it. Jen and Erik were walking down the steps, still quite a way away. Jon and Heather scooted apart on the log and he made sure his penis was tucked away while she covered up her breasts.
A few minutes later Jen and Erik returned to the bonfire. "What were you two discussing while we were gone? Hopefully not talking about us." Jon knew her well enough to know that was a joke, a poorly timed one, but she meant nothing by it.
"Jon was just telling me how good of a risk taker he is. He knows when to just go for it," Heather said with a subtle smile. "Don't you, Jon?"
"She's far too polite," Jon said softly.
"And you're far too humble," Jen jumped in. "He's made us a small fortune from doing what he does. I think he's addicted to it."
I think I am, too.
Jen shrugged her shoulders. "As long as it's working, keep it up. But even if you lost everything, I don't think you'd be able to stop."
"Maybe you're right," Jon said and thought to himself,and that's what scares me.
The rest of the night winded down without much discussion. They all quietly stared at the fire until it was only a few piles of glowing embers.
Soon they all said their goodbyes and hugs. Jon couldn't help but notice the extra-long touch on the small of Jen's back from Erik before they left.What the hell is wrong with me?It was such a hypocritical thought. But thinking something inappropriate was happening between Erik and Jen almost made him feel better about what he did with Heather.Almost.
Later that night the guilt stung in his body as he tried to pretend everything was fine. They quietly stripped down to get ready for bed. Jen unhooked her bra and he watched as she climbed into bed.
"Goodnight," he kissed her on the forehead and rolled over.
"Going to sleep so soon?" There was a noticeable tone of disappointment in her voice.
"Yeah, I'm sorry. It's been a long day. I don't think I'm up for much activity tonight."
"Goodnight, sweetie," she kissed his back shoulder that was facing her and turned to the opposite side.
Jon lay there, restless, pretending to fall asleep. He hated lying to her, but just felt so guilty thinking about what happened. His guilt was replaced by a painful sensation as his penis hardened in his boxers thinking about Heather's teasing touch.
It was all so wrong. Jen was right about one thing.I am addicted to risk. And I'm afraid I'll never stop.
24. ADAM
A few days later Adam found himself stirring with thoughts he didn't know how to process. He was mostly relieved that Ashley was understanding and didn't treat him like a sick freak. But lately, he couldn't stop thinking about her.Was it normal to masturbate with your cousin? Was it worse if your cousin was the reason you were turned on?
He didn't like any of the answers that followed and tried to put it out of his head. So, Adam tried to focus on the positives of it. He had been practicing what she said, trying to delay his orgasms as long as he could. Some pleasuring sessions lasted much longer than ever before, but other times he'd still cum almost instantly.
He supposed he had a lifetime of practice ahead of him, thinking how unrealistic it was that he would be dating a girl any time soon. And that thought was perhaps the most depressing of all.
He was sick of living in his head and decided to go see Ashley again. It was approaching evening and he went up to her loft, hoping she'd be there, writing away.
Slowly he ascended the stairs and the floorboards creaked. As he peered around the corner, he saw her glorious cheeks poking out from the bottom of her shirt. Just like the other night, she was on her belly lost on her writing.
"Hey, Ashley," he said softly.
There was no response. She kept typing, lost in her thoughts.
"Ashley?" Adam said and walked over to the bed. He thought for sure she would have heard him now, if not felt the bed shift from his weight as he sat near her side.
It was as if she was completely oblivious, typing away paying him no mind. "Hey..." Adam placed a hand on the back of her leg and gently shook her.
Still no response. Was she mad at him? Was grabbing her boobs last time pushing things too far? "I'm sorry for how things ended the other day."
It was as if she was in another world, and he shook her leg harder trying to get her attention. "Hello!" He was surprised to find himself placing a hand on her ass cheek, shaking her, begging her to look at him.
But the feeling of her warm, soft ass cheek under his hand seemed to take away any other concerning thoughts. Adam ran both hands over her entire butt, feeling the gentle give of her flesh as he squeezed.
He was too far in to stop now and lightly pulled her cheeks apart, eager to see her hidden treasures. But the more he squeezed her ass and pulled her cheeks apart, the deeper her crack went. He pulled them apart as wide as he could and still only saw smooth flesh. No slit and no anus.
It was as if his fear was right, girls really don't poop...she didn't even have an assholeor anything. He knew that wasn't possible, and continued to explore the area, moving his head lower and kissing her cheeks. Adam kissed and licked and smelled all that he could until his face was buried deep in between her crack.
His tongue slid over where he knew her asshole should be and only tasted a bland, dry feeling on his tongue. He licked harder and dove in further still only to sense a coarse, odorless texture on his tongue.
He twisted and turned as he licked harder and started blinking a few times. Adam opened his eyes and realized he had been licking his pillow lost in a dream in the privacy of his bedroom. It both made him laugh and slightly disappointed it wasn't happening for real.
He rolled over onto his back and felt his painful erection pressing against his sheets. This seemed like a perfect opportunity to practice what Ashley taught him, and slowly he began to stroke himself while trying not to cum too quickly.
As he teased his length and cupped his balls, he noticed the bathroom door was open just a tad. The sound of the shower running seeped into his room, and he wondered if Ashley snuck in through his room to get in there.Did she see me licking my pillow? Did she know that was me dreaming I was giving her a rim job?
All those thoughts raced through his mind, but a new thought rose to the top. If she walked through my room to shower, perhaps she left the door open as an invitation to go in there with her. That thought made all the sense in the world to Adam.
Quickly he got up, adjusted his boxers as best he could with his erection pitching a tent and walked into the bathroom. He saw her shadowy silhouette through the curtain and walked over to the toilet right next to the shower. Adam stood there holding his erection pretending he was trying to pee, but really was practicing his delayed gratification techniques she taught him.
Mesmerized, he saw the curves of the fleshy shapes and even though he made out an occasional glimpse of her nipple or a faded line of her crack through the steam. His wrist was stroking twice and fast and no longer was there anything delayed about this. He was moments away from finishing.
The water shut off and the curtain slowly pulled back. Adam was past the point of no return and stroked furiously as she came into view.
"ADAM?! What the fuck!"
He nearly fell over at the sight of his sister. Lexie stood there with an arm covering her chest and her other hand over her crotch.
"What are you doing, you sick fuck?" she screamed and hid behind the shower curtain, keeping her head visible as if to watch the train wreck that was Adam.
He stopped stroking immediately, but his cock still pulsed. Not quite a full orgasm, but it still oozed an awkward amount of cum that stayed connected to his tip.
"I thought you were Ashley!" Adam screamed.
"How does that make it better?" She asked, grossed out to the core as she still watched Adam stand there naked.
"I don't...it's not like that...." he didn't know what to say that could possibly explain this in a way she'd understand. He didn't even understand it himself.
"Why are you still here?" She screamed, getting more impatient by the second.
"Right, sorry," he walked over to the door, still with his uncovered erection sticking out over the waistband of his boxers. Adam stood near the door and felt so weird seeing his sister's ass jiggle as she stepped out of the tub to grab her towel. Her back was facing him as she dried off her face, completely unaware he was still in the room. She bent lower to dry her legs and Adam had a confusing thought process as he saw parts of his sister he knew he shouldn't.
"What the fuck!" Lexie stood up and faced him. "Get a good look?" She held her arms out to the side, displaying everything for him. Her petite breasts were the first thing he saw, but he only caught a glimpse of her slit as he left and closed door.
There in the privacy of his room, he looked down at his shaft. It was just as hard and still coated in the cum from his ruined orgasm. This is so messed up, he thought to himself as he made his way over to the bed.
Adam barely even realized he was gently teasing his length, nice and slowly. Thoughts of his sister danced through his head, but not in a sexual way. Her cupcake-sized boobs floated around in his brain and he found it a bit amusing comparing it with Ashley's fuller breasts.
He went his whole post-puberty life not seeing a single pair of breasts and in one summer trip, he saw two of them. Four if he was counting them individually.
He stroked himself for a while longer and realized he'd been going at it for a long, long time. Well past his record and he still didn't cum.Am I finally learning some kind of control Ashley was talking about? Or was it just the fact it was my sister I just saw, and it was a natural orgasm killer?
He took in a few more deep breaths and let his erection die down. It wasn't long until his thoughts returned to his dream with his face buried in Ashley's crack and his shaft sprung to life again.
Out of the two, he supposed he felt less weird about imagining his cousin over his sister. But not by much.
This was a bizarre, uncomfortable evening.
25. LEXIE
Lexie started her shifts at the pool. Whether by design or by accident, she had almost no overlap with seeing Mark or Emily. It seemed nearly impossible that they wouldn't all be working on the same days at the same times, but she had yet to see either of them while working.
After several days of working,she finally had a day off. She worked all summer trying to pass the test, and then once she got the job, she looked forward to her days off.Funny how I always seem to want the opposite of what I have,she thought to herself.
She was looking forward to relaxing, unwinding, maybe catching up with Ashley or hanging out at the beach. But Ashley was nowhere to be found, the day was downcast and not great for the beach. So, her day off ended up being quite boring and wished she was working that day after all.
This unwanted downtime allowed her mind to wander to places she didn't want to go. She dwelled on her interactions with Mark and what those all meant. She relived the fun pool party over and over in her head but always ended up with the same question of where he stood with Emily. With everything going on, she was hoping for some advice from Ashley. Lexie briefly spoke with Ashley about these things throughout the week, but it was always too short, and Ashley only seemed to listen, rather than provide much-needed answers she was hoping for.
The whole concept of Emily was one Lexie wasn't ready to process yet. She blocked it out of her mind as best she could. That rarely worked for long. It was already starting to get dark and she thought about heading over to the pool anyway just to chat with Mark and find out some answers once and for all.
Isn't it uncool to show up to work on your day off? Not any less cool than staying home alone and bored,she answered her own question in her head. And that was when she knew it was time to give it a try. Talking to herself seemed like a new low and she needed answers.
Lexie hopped on her bike and rode over. If she hurried, she could catch him before it closed. Something inside wouldn't let her ride as fast as she normally does. Subconsciously it was like her mind and body preventing her from following through. She rode at a leisurely pace and the building was already locked by the time she got there. She got off her bike all the same and walked up to look through the glass pane of the front door.
"Place is closed, Lex," a familiar voice called out from the parking lot. "And Mark already left."
Lexie turned around and saw Emily sitting on the hood of her car, leaning back against the windshield looking up into the sky. She walked over hesitantly. "What are you doing here?"
"Working on my tan," Emily said dryly as she was wearing a hoodie and it was already pretty dark out. "What are you doing here. Isn't today your off day?"
Lexie nodded. "I don't really know what I'm doing here, honestly." She hated showing Emily any sign of weakness but keeping up this facade was exhausting.
"Yeah," Emily said with a slight hint of sympathy.
"Mind if I sit?" Lexie was surprised to find herself asking.
"It's a free country," Emily said without breaking her gaze from the stars.
Carefully, Lexie climbed up onto the hood of her car and leaned back against the windshield next to her, noting the beautiful night's sky. The clouds from earlier in the day cleared up and it was a sight, unlike anything she had ever seen. "We can't see the stars like this where I'm from. Too much light. You're lucky to be able to see this every day."
"Ha, yeah. Real lucky."
Lexie didn't know how to respond to that, but it was about what she expected from her. "Look I'm sorry for..." she didn't even know what she was apologizing for, but she felt guilty all the same. "I didn't know you and Mark were...," she trailed off. "Are you guys...?"
Emily let out a subtle chuckle. "Ah yes, the infamous Emily and Mark question. I feel like people have been asking that for years."
That clearly was not an answer. "Well, are you? I'm sorry if you are, I didn't mean to..."
"It's cool," Emily said casually. "Of course Mark is going to like you. You're this smart, cute, new girl in town from the big city. It's hard to compete with that as a dumb, small-town chick."
At that moment Lexie realized something she had never even considered before.Emily's jealous. Of me!She wanted to apologize, even more, tell her it was okay, but all that came out was, "You think I'm from a big city?"
"If you're from anywhere besides here, it's a big city," she sighed and looked up at the stars. "I really don't know where you're from, but it's clear it's not a small town."
Lexie frowned and looked confused.
"You can take that as a compliment," Emily said plainly.
"That would be the first one from you all summer," Lexie joked nervously.
"I suppose it is," Emily said, and a hint of a smile started to form.
"You never did answer my question about Mark. What really is the deal with you two?" Lexie asked.
Emily sighed, "I don't know...It's complicated."
Lexie nodded. That might have been about as good as she could have hoped for, but Emily continued.
"Have we dated? Yes. Were we a great couple? No." She shook her head and added, "Does he still want to date me? Yes."
Lexie looked a little sad at hearing that, but of course, it makes sense. Why wouldn't he want to date her? "But you're not actually dating now? Because you don't want to date him?"
"I told you, it's complicated," Emily looked up, her eyes far away.
"If I'm this smart, big city girl you say I am...maybe I could understand it," Lexie joked. "Try me."
"You're relentless. You know that?" Emily finally smiled. "The truth is Mark and I have dated on and off for years."
"Is he a jerk or something?" Lexie asked.
"No, he's, he's great actually."
"So, what's the problem?"
"Sometimes things are great. Sometimes it just doesn't feel right, you know?"
Lexie nodded, she wasn't experienced enough to have felt that herself, but she understood the idea.
"Sometimes I think I'm just being dumb and should be grateful to have him. And other times I think he's just not right for me." Emily bit her lip, questioning if she should go on. "Sometimes I wonder if anyheis right for me."
Lexie's jaw practically dropped. "Are you saying you're...?"
"No! I don't know, maybe? I don't fucking know!" Emily said, clearly letting out some built-up frustration.
"Have you ever talked to anyone about this? Any of your girlfriends?"
"And say what? That I know you and every other person in town would kill to be in my shoes, dating Mark, but it just isn't enough for me," she shook her head. "They already think I'm a bitch as it is."
"You are a bitch," Lexie said, nudging her playfully. "But that's a compliment. Part of your alluring charm."
Emily couldn't hide her smile. "Shut up," she almost blushed. "Sorry for telling you it was a skinny-dipping party," she said in a rare moment of kindness.
"That's okay. It ended up working out for the best."
"That's true. Who knew you had balls that big?" Emily joked.
"I certainly didn't," Lexie said, trying to not take too much credit for it. "Also, now everyone knows for sure I don't have any balls," she joked nervously and added, "you know? On account I was naked..."
There was a long silence and finally, they both burst out laughing. "You're such a dork."
"I'll take that as a compliment, too," Lexie said.
"You should," Emily gave her a serious look and added, "You're actually pretty cool. I'm sorry I've been such a bitch to you all summer. You didn't deserve that."
Lexie was stunned. It was what she wanted to hear, but never thought she would. "Why were you such a bitch? Sounds like you weren't jealous of me and Mark."
Emily smirked. "No, it wasn't jealousy."
"Then what was it?" Lexie wasn't sure if she wanted to hear the answer but asked the question all the same.
"I don't know. You were new. An easy target, I guess. No offense."
Lexie let out a soft, nervous laugh. She knew that was true. But it still didn't fully explain it.
"Maybe it was jealousy. Not of you and Mark, but just of you. You're going to leave this town soon and go back to your cool life, head off to college soon. And I'll still be here." She paused and added, "Maybe that was part of it."
Lexie didn't say anything and let Emily continue.
"Maybe..." she let out a deep sigh and said, "maybe because there's something about you that scares me."
Lexie looked confused. She was afraid anything she said now would keep Emily from saying what was on her mind. So, she remained silent, patiently waiting for more.
Emily sat up and placed her hands behind her, on the hood of the car behind her hips as if bracing herself for something more serious. "Maybe whatever's missing with Mark, I'm not sure any guy will have. And maaaybe, whatever's missing with me and Mark, you might have it. And that scares the shit out of me."
It was the most vulnerable Lexie had ever seen Emily. She couldn't believe what she was hearing.Could it really be?She just sat there silently, which only added to the tension. Emily had poured her heart out and now Lexie didn't know how to respond.
"Or maybe I'm just a bitch," Emily said, filling in the awkward silence.
"No. You're not," Lexie contemplated how much she wanted to say now. "I definitely like Mark," that came out sounding unintentionally cruel, like a rejection.
Emily nodded as if she expected to hear that.
Lexie continued, "But that night of my lifeguard test, when I gave you CPR..." she took in a deep breath and let it out slowly before continuing. "I think I felt..."
Emily darted over and kissed her, stopping her mid-sentence. Lexie froze. Eyebrows raised; adrenaline shot through her body like a bolt of lightning. Emily's soft, warm lips felt unlike anything she had ever experienced. It was strange and weird.And...nice?
Lexie broke away from the kiss, gasping for air. She had a look of panic on her face as her whole body was shaking. Emily looked like she was about to say something, but Lexie jumped in first. "I have to go!"
She slid off the hood of the car, hopped on her bike and pedaled as fast as she could. The winding path home was unlit and difficult to see in the dark evening. She didn't see a branch sticking out until it was too late, and she flew off her bike, landing in a thick patch of grass.
Tears streamed down her face and she stayed down, sobbing. The pain from the fall was intense, but her cries were about something else entirely.
26. JEN
It was early morning and Jen helped herself to a cup of coffee in the kitchen and overlooked the view of the lake through the large window above the sink.
She wasn't normally a morning person, but she had a lot to process over the past few days. More accurately, she had a lot to block out and try not to think about was a more accurate description.
As she continued to stare out the window, she saw a glimpse of Ashley sitting on the patio. Wonderful...time for some girl talk, she thought and headed out. "Morning," Jen said as she approached her from behind.
"Morning, Jen," Ashley said, busy jotting things down in her notebook.
Jen walked up to the Adirondack chair beside her and was shocked to find Ashley was topless. "Jeez, sorry...I didn't know you were..."
Ashley closed her notebook and looked up at her curiously.
"I can leave you..." Jen said apologetically.
"What? Why?" Ashley said before realizing, "Ah!" She glanced down at her chest. "Is this bothering you?"
"What, me? Nonsense. If it's awkward for you though, I can leave you alone." She said, clearly not fooling her.
"They're just breasts, Jen. Last time I checked, you had them too."
Mine don't look quite as nice as that, she thought to herself. "Of course." She replied, still looking uncomfortable.
"It's fine, I'll put my shirt back on." Ashley slipped on a skimpy tank top over her head, but it did little to cover her up. "Better?"
"Sure," Jen said and sat down next to her trying to avoid looking at her.
"Now what did you want to talk about? I think I recall you wanting my opinion of Erik?"
Jen nodded. There was so much to ask. So much to tell. She didn't know where to begin. And she blurted out the one thing that surprises even herself. "What was up with you wearing that shirt, or lack thereof, in front of him? You know everyone can see right through that, right?" She felt bad after saying that. And tried to justify it. "I mean I really wanted your honest reaction to him. Don't you think wearing that might be tampering with the setup?"
Ashley smiled, "I wore this on purpose. You can gauge a lot by a person's reaction to it."
"So big deal, he liked looking at your tits. He does have a penis after all. That's not really helpful." She almost blushed as she realized she somehow mentioned his penis in a sentence.
"It wasn't his reaction I was trying to gauge." She gave Jen a suggestive glance.
Jen put the pieces together and saw what a clever trick that was. There was no sense in denying it. "Alright. I suppose it made me a bit jealous that he might look at you."
Ashley nodded. "I could tell. But it's not important what I can tell. What's important is if you knew that."
Jen nodded. She clearly did but hadn't faced that fact yet.
"As for Erik, he seemed nice." She said plainly.
"Nice? Not too friendly? Not weird?"Not too creepy and disturbing?
"No more than the rest of us." Ashley smiled and knew Jen was looking for more of an answer than that.
"Look I'm sorry, but the sun is starting to come up and I really am trying to work on removing a few tan lines. Do you mind if I...?" Ashley started pulling off her shirt, not really waiting for an answer.
"Of course, go ahead," Jen replied and soon was trying not to look at her exposed breasts once again. She couldn't help but glance over a time or two. "How do you do that?"
"Do what?" Ashley replied, making small notes with her pen.
"That! How do you take off your shirt and...and...just not care?" She asked, almost with a little laugh.
"I told you, they're just breasts. Why live our life ashamed and afraid, covering up what makes us human?"
That made Jen think. Perhaps when she first posed for Erik, maybe it wasn't that bad. She didn't really believe it, but it was much easier to think about it that way. "Would you feel any differently if I was a guy? I mean, you know...someone who might be attracted to you?"Why am I asking this?
Ashley shrugged her shoulders, "I suppose it all depends, but most likely no." She set her notebook down and looked back at her. "I am who I am, and I don't see a problem with it if people see that. Sometimes it's freeing to give into something that goes against what you've been taught, but deep down feels right to you."
Jen looked away and contemplated those words. Perhaps she was right.
"Alright, I'm going to go work on my writing some more in my loft." Ashley got up and started to walk back to the house, still topless.
"I'm sorry if I disturbed you, I can go if you prefer to write here." Jen offered.
"No, it's fine. I need a change of scenery to get my juices flowing."
"Ash?" Jen called out.
"Yeah?"
"I know it's no big deal being topless, but would you mind putting on your shirt before you go back inside?" She said and added with a little smile, "Please?"
"It's nothing they haven't seen before..."
Jen almost shouted for her to do it, but Ashley laughed and jiggled her chest, making her boobs wobble playfully, "I'll put my shirt on, don't worry."
Jen couldn't help but laugh and admire her young, free spirit. Maybe she did have the right attitude about all of it. Maybe it is freeing giving in to something that is wrong but feels right. That was a slippery slope, and she already knew she was near the edge.
The next day she decided to go back to class and continue her volunteer role. There really was no chance she'd stop going, but she pretended to herself that it is was something she was deeply debating.
She rode her bike through town just like every other day but had a strange new mix of thoughts weighing on her. When she arrived at the building, she walked in and noted the persistent butterflies that always seemed to take up residence in her stomach when she saw Erik. But each time it felt like they were there for a different reason.
Erik looked at her plainly. "Glad you came back."
"You thought I wouldn't?" She said and felt incredibly awkward standing there with a million things unsaid hanging in the air.
The kids started to trickle in, and she was amazed at how quickly he turned on his friendly persona. He smiled so genuinely Jen didn't even think it was fake. He truly did enjoy teaching the kids. Maybe I'm being too hard on him.
Jen tried her best to get excited but mostly hung back helping pass out supplies. She wasn't used to compartmentalizing things like Erik was from a lifetime of practice.
The day did not go by quickly. It was awkward and hard to avoid interactions with Erik. By the end of class, she felt physically drained from the stress.
When it was just the two of them, Erik was silent and started to pack his bag for the evening.
"Well, are we going to talk about this?" Jen blurted out, hating the way things were left between them.
"No, we are not," he replied coldly.
"Look, I'm sorry I went through your stuff, I'm sorry I imagined the worst-case scenario, and I'm just...sorry."Why am I apologizing to this creep?
Erik nodded, not giving much in return.
"Can we just go back to the way things were?" She yelled.
"What does that even mean?" He snapped. "Just howwerethings? What is this magical state you'd like us to return to? Where you thought I was someone I'm not and you felt something I can't give you."
A tear started to form in her eye, "I just want us to be friendly. Talk about art again."
"It's kind of hard when every time you look at me, you're judging me for something you know nothing about."
"So, show me! Just fucking show me!" Her heart was pounding so loud it echoed in her ear.
"It doesn't work like that." He walked over to her and she seemed to shrink with each step he took. "You really, really don't want that."
She looked up intohisicy eyes, "I do. I do want you to show me." a tear rolled down her cheek, and she added. "You told me to never lie to you. And I'm not."
He furrowed his brow, shook his head as if already regretting it. After a long stretch of silence, he simply said, "Friday." He started to walk out and over his shoulder called out, "You don't have to do this. But if you do, there's no turning back."
The sound of the door shutting echoed in the classroom, and Jen suddenly felt very small and alone.What on earth have you gotten yourself into?
27. JON
On his way to the gym, Jon couldn't stop thinking about all the teasing events with Heather. He couldn't believe he was pushing his luck as far as he was...taking as much risk as he was.
It was not like him to take such an imbalanced risk. If this was a trade, he would ditch the idea and move on. And yet, he was driving to the gym trying not to think about that. He knew he needed to stop. He had to stop. But could he bring himself to tell that to Heather?
"Look who finally showed up!" Heather joked as Jon walked in the door.
"Finally?It's not even light out yet." And just like that, he was pulled into their silly flirting. Something about her snarkiness just made him eager for more.
"Relax, tough guy. Just messing with you."
Jon nodded and headed into the locker room, "See you in a sec." He laughed to himself, wondering if that was a subconscious slip. Seeing her in a sec would mean she came into the locker room while he changed.
Heather did not come in, but Jon did enjoy the relaxing time alone. Carefully undressing and changing in no particular hurry before meeting Heather in the weight room.
"I have a request," Heather said to Jon as he walked over.
"What kind of request?"
"A workout request."
"Go on," Jon was intrigued.
"Is there any way today could be a lighter day? I'm sore everywhere and can barely lift my arms."
"You get used to that feeling. You eventually grow to enjoy it," Jon replied showing little sympathy.
"That may be true, but in the meantime, I'm going to need to cancel my massage appointments if I can barely move my arms."
"Fair enough. You're in luck, anyway," Jon watched her eyes lighting up with hope. "Today is cardio day. Pretty easy. We'll just ride a bike for the workout. Maybe an elliptical. Probably should do a little stair master, and abs while we're at it."
"Jon!" Heather laughed.
"Okay, okay. We'll start with the bike and see how you feel."
She nodded, "Phew!"
The bike riding was rather awkward as neither of them had headphones to listen to music, and it was just fast enough where chatting was difficult to do. Jon did his best to keep her engaged, but soon her speed started to slow.
"You alright?" he asked.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I think I just need to..." she slowly stopped pedaling and got off the stationary bike. "I think I just need a good steam. I'm sorry, this hurts too much right now."
"No need to be sorry. It's my fault for working you so hard," Jon said with a little more sympathy than before.
"No pain, no gain," Heather laughed. "Or at least that's what I've heard."
"Go relax in the steam room. You've earned it," Jon said and gave her a little wink.
"Will you be joining me?" she asked.
Jon couldn't hide his grin. "I suppose I could use a little relaxation time as well."
"Great. I have a few things I need to take care of first, but I'll meet you in there in five minutes," Heather said.
"Sounds good," Jon said and watched her hobble off to her office. He made his way back to his locker, undressed and grabbed a towel. At this point, the towel was merely for show, as he flung it over his shoulder covering nothing important.
Jon opened door to the steam room and was not greeted by a wall of heat. It was pretty mild, almost room temperature. He wrapped his towel around his waist and tried to find if there was an on switch.
"What are you doing?" Heather asked.
Jon turned and saw she had her towel wrapped tightly around her torso, covering her from her armpits to her upper thighs. He was suddenly glad he just put his towel back on. "Just trying to find the on switch."
"Oh shit. Did I forget to turn it on?" She walked over and checked all the control switches. "It takes about 40 minutes for this to heat up. Damn it. I was really in need of it today," she said with a genuine look of disappointment.
"Are you that sore?"
Heather nodded, "It even hurts to sit."
"How about I give you a massage?" Jon said.
"I couldn't ask you to do that."
"You didn't. I offered, just like you offered for me," Jon said with a sly grin.
"That was different. You were injured."
"I don't think I was in half as much pain as you. It'll be a short one until the steam room is ready."
Heather looked like she was pretending to contemplate it, but already started to smile.
"If we're not doing the massage, we might as well continue our workout," Jon teased.
"No! No that won't be necessary. You can give me a massage," Heather blushed. "Follow me."
They walked over to the massage room, and Heather climbed on the table facedown. She loosened her towel but kept it covering her backside. Jon noted how her breasts lightly spilled out of the sides of her chest, flattening against the table.
"Now what parts hurt?" Jon asked, placing his hands on her upper back.
She mumbled something he couldn't understand.
"Got it," he joked and proceeded to slide his hands up and down her back trying to remember all the techniques she used on him.
He moved to just above where the towel stopped on her lower back, and his fingers lightly pressed the top curves of her cheeks. She let out a soft moan, showing no signs of telling him to stop.
Jon remembered what she said, most massage therapists don't devote enough attention to the glutes. "Those squats and lunges are really the cause of this. I can work on those areas."
She nodded, and he took that as permission to slide the towel down further. Her entire right cheek was exposed, almost revealing her crack. His hands explored her round, firm cheeks, feeling her flesh move under his touch.
He moved to her upper hamstring and surrounded her leg with both hands, moving upward toward her cheek. She let out a soft sigh, gently raising her hips off the table and back down again. Jon barely noticed that her hip adjustment moved the towel just enough to expose her crack. With a hand on each hamstring, he worked the muscles closer and closer to her butt until he was running his thumbs along the crease of where the bottoms of her cheeks met her legs.
Her warmth radiated from her as he lightly pulled her cheeks apart and caught a glimpse of her hidden treasures within. His hands slid all the way up both ass cheeks and the towel fell to the floor.
Jon's instinct was to apologize, but her relaxing sigh of enjoyment kept him silent.If she's fine with it, I am.
He got lost in her glorious cheeks and spent several minutes squeezing, kneading, lightly pulling them apart and watching them jiggle shut. Her slit was nestled between her tender thighs and her tiny asshole was almost permanently on display. He wondered if she knew how much he could see. He also wondered if that was how much of him she could see the other day.
He devoted both hands to one cheek and found his pinky sliding into the groove of her warm crack while the other fingers continued pressing the meaty flesh of her cheek. There was no denying it, the side of his hand was lightly touching a portion of both her slit and her anus at the same time.
Her sighs grew louder, practically begging him to continue. In all this excitement, he hadn't realized he had grown quite hard. The towel barely stayed around his waist as his engorged shaft that was trying hard to escape its constraints.
His hands traveled back to her inner thighs moving upward, feeling a growing dampness the closer he got. Gently, Jon massaged her groin the same way she did to him. He wanted to make some comment or joke about if her groin was sore, but she moaned softly and didn't want to interrupt her blissful state.
His thumb lightly pressed the side of her labia, pressing it to the side so he could massage the smooth flesh next to it that connected her leg to her groin. As he continued working her inner thigh, he ran his fingers over her wet slit, teasingly upward and over her taint and over her asshole.
She let out an audible gasp and sat up.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to..."
"Don't be silly," she said, turning over onto her back. Her breasts were now on full display, as was her belly, her small patch of dark hair and her slit that trailed off in between her legs. "It's just time for my front now."
She glanced at his towel around his waist that was barely staying on him as his erection was nearly poking out. Her hand rested at her side. He wasn't sure if she reached over if he stepped closer, or some combination of the two, but her hand seemed to brush the towel making it fall to the floor. His freed cock bounced upright wobbling slightly, no longer constrained.
She smiled and closed her eyes waiting for his touch to continue. Jon moved behind her head and almost laughed at how his erect cock was, now hovering over her head. Lightly he pressed the tops of her chest, running his thumbs along the muscles that connected her armpits to her chest. Heather let out a gentle sigh. "That feels so good. My chest has been on fire since the other day."
Jon's hands explored the area, taking his time moving down the sides of her breasts. A part of him kept waiting for her to tell him to stop, but it never came.
Soon the soft flesh of her breasts squished between his fingers as gently kneaded the warm tissue. Softly his hands moved over the centers and he felt her nipples harden under his palms.
She bit her lip, letting out a soft moan. Jon stepped to her side and used both hands on one breast, squeezing the flesh and pinching the nipple before doing the same to the other one.
Not wanting to let go, he kept one hand on her breast and moved his other down her belly. She was visibly starting to squirm as his hand moved lower. Finally, she let out a little gasp as he trailed over her belly button and reached her patch of hair.
Lightly his hand traced the outline of her slit, sliding down one side and up the other before lightly teasing the now wet center. Heather bit her lip, letting out a soft moan as his fingers found her clit.
Jon was so focused on his actions; it was a shock to his system as he felt Heather's hand gently touch his shaft. With a featherlike touch, she ran her fingers over his balls along the entire underside of his shaft before gripping his head. Gently she stroked him when his middle finger slid inside her and his thumb pressed on her clit.
They gasped in unison, teasing one another over and over. Heather adjusted her body rolled to her side, now facing Jon. His heart nearly skipped a beat as he watched her head move toward him.
She kissed the tip so softly he could barely feel it. Slowly her lips pulled in just his head, swirling her tongue around his ridge, licking the underside right where his shaft met his head.
His fingers sped up, sliding in deeper and faster, rubbing her tight insides, stopping only to focus on her clit before sliding back in. Her inner walls tightened around his fingers as he stroked her G-spot.
Heather's mouth opened just enough to slide in another inch of his shaft, sucking on his sensitive skin, making soft slurping noises as she swallowed a mix of his pre-cum and her own saliva.
Jon continued pressing harder on her clit while teasing her insides. He felt her clamp down as he found just the right spot. She started to tremble and monetarily stopped sucking him to focus on her breathing as she tightened and released nearly every muscle in a rhythmic pattern.
She was far from calming down from her orgasm but gathered herself enough to slide his cock back in her mouth. Sucking in his length, inch by inch. Jon couldn't believe as he watched his penis disappear into her mouth, deeper and deeper until he felt a tightness around his head he couldn't describe. Her tongue managed to lick his balls while his head was fully down her throat.
His hand rested on the back of her head gently, more to steady himself than pull her in. Heather slid back and his cock came into view coated with her saliva. She stroked him while she kissed his balls for just a moment before taking him back in her mouth. The pressure was building, and he grabbed her shoulder, making sure his tip was in her mouth. A powerful force ripped through him as his whole body seemed to stiffen. His cock pulsed a few more times as he erupted several ropes of cum in the sweet surrounding warmth of her mouth.
He was completely out of breath and weak in the knees. Her tongue went from feeling amazing to almost painful from how sensitive his shaft now was. He pulled out and watched as she made a show of swallowing what was left in her mouth.
Jon dwelled on that thought.Her mouth.This mouth that was not his wife's.Oh fuck, what have I done?
"I have to go," he said as he quickly grabbed his clothes and put them on as he was running out. Out of the corner of his eye, he thought he saw Ashley head into the locker room but wasn't sure. In record time, he was already in his car, heart pounding, wondering what the hell he just did.
Fuuuuuuuck! You. Stupid. Fucking. IDIOT!
28. LEXIE
Lexie spent the next morning sitting in bed. She had a shift later in the day and wasn't sure if she was going to make it. How could she face Emily after what happened? The bigger question was how could she face herself? She still didn't know what to make of it. She liked Mark. She hated Emily.Didn't she?She was a bitch to her all summer long. Set her up to walk in naked to a party.That's fucked up!
Still, she couldn't quite leave it at that. But it was easier to focus on the anger than the real underlying issue. How did she feel about the kiss? Every time she thought she was making progress on the subject, her anger and confusion took over. Tears ran down her cheek in and off all morning in vicious cycles of awareness and denial.
Once again, she tried to talk with Ashley, but she had gone to who knows where.Where the fuck is Ashley?She screamed to herself as if this was all her fault for not being here.Oh Ashley, what have I done?She thought back to one of the first days with Ashley when she helped her pick out a bathing suit and showed her how to shave her pubic hair.
She had practically forgotten all about that. Theexciting and confusing feeling she experienced then was not unlike this feeling with Emily.Was this really a hidden side to her she had kept tucked away? No, that's impossible. I like Mark! Why am I trying to convince myself of that?
The whole morning was torture and she finally got up at the ripe time of noon, grabbed her bag and headed out to work. She was slowly getting used to calling going to the pool work, but it gave her a small sense of pride in an otherwise shaky time.
The work shift was uneventful. Families came in, swam, splashed, no one ran, no one needed any assistance whatsoever. Mark was sitting in the head office, so it was easy to avoid him. And Emily was not at the front desk. That concerned Lexie since she checked the schedule and today was Emily's day to be stationed there.
By the time evening rolled around, most of the pool was empty. She felt sick to her stomach agonizing over every small interaction over the past few days and weeks. She was no closer to an answer. No closer to anything. Only more confused.
The final whistle blew, and the pool was officially closed. Lexie walked in and saw another girl sitting at the front desk. "Who are you?" Lexie asked, sounding ruder than she intended.
"I'm Julie," she said cheerfully. "Who are you?"
"Where's Emily?" Lexie did not care for polite introductions at the moment.
"I'm not sure who that is?" She said plainly.
"Mark!" Lexie barged into his office and saw mark creating the schedule for the following week.
"Lexie!" He said with a genuine smile, long time no see.
"Where the hell is Emily? She was supposed to work today," Lexie practically was screaming.
Mark set his pen down, looked up and calmly said, "Emily quit this morning. As you can see, I need to make a few schedule changes."
"What? Why?"
He shook his head, "Said she couldn't do it anymore. Guess she just needed a change."
"On no, this is all my fault," Emily said, not realizing she stated that thought aloud.
"What do you mean, all your fault?" Mark asked.
"What? Nothing. It's complicated. Do you know where she is?"
"As I mentioned, I'm no longer in charge of her schedule. So no, I don't know where she is," he said plainly trying his best not to show he was upset.
Lexie looked like she was ready to cry. Summer was nearly ending and as confused as she was, now she feared more than anything she wouldn't get the chance to see Emily before she left. Which meant she'd never see her again, ever. That m was terrifying thought and she wiped away a tear as she left.
"Lex," Mark called out before the door closed. "I don't know for sure, but she used to go to the beach at nights when she was stressed. Don't know if she's there now, we're not quite as close as we used to be."
Lexie noticed a twinge of pain in Mark's voice, something she was beginning to understand.
"If you're looking for her, that's where I'd start."
She nodded and left the room. Quickly Lexie was on her bike racing to the beach on the other side of town. The small roads and paths seemed strangely familiar, a route engrained in her from only a short time.
As she rode up to the beach, she saw Emily standing in the distance near the water's edge. Her grey baggie hoodie stood out from miles away. Lexie hopped off her bike, not bothering to lock it up and ran through the pale sand as fast as she could.
Emily didn't turn around as Lexie approached. Soon they were standing side by side with the tide lapping at their feet. The sun was setting, and an intricate pattern of fiery red rays danced across the rippling water. Neither one made eye contact and just took in the beautiful horizon.
"If you're expecting an apology, you're wasting your time," Emily finally said.
Lexie smirked. She really was a badass through and through.
"I'm not expecting an apology. But I do have one question."
Emily's eyebrows raised, assuming the question would be about her sexuality, why she kissed her or something along those lines. "Ask away, but I can't say I'll have an answer that makes sense."
"What's with the baggie hoodie?" Lexie asked lightheartedly.
"What?" Emily couldn't help but smile at the unexpected question.
"You heard me. What's with the baggie hoodie? You've got a body most girls would kill for and you walk around wearing a hoodie that's several sizes too big. What gives?"
Emily smiled thinking back, "This is Mark's hoodie. He gave it to me years ago when we first started dating. I remember thinking how absurd it looked on me like I was swimming in it." She paused, her eyes far away as if taking a journey back in time and returning all too quickly, "But it was Mark's. I knew I looked silly, but I felt safe in it. Something I just got used to wearing."
Lexie nodded and took in the scenery. She was a little surprised when Emily kept going.
"As time went on, it became more to me than just about feeling safe. When I wasn't quite sure how I felt about Mark, or guys in general, I felt pretty low. This hoodie was something I could hide in." She looked as though she was about to say something that she knew would sound arrogant. "It was also a way to cover up my body. Not because I was embarrassed, but because I didn't like the attention I got from guys when I wore a bathing suit."
Lexie nodded and finally added in. "I believe it. You've got a nice..."
"Yes, I've got nice tits." She interrupted and blushed. "Something I've been made aware of from every guy passing by."
"I'm sorry I didn't mean anything by it." She wanted to joke that she left out she had an amazing ass as well but thought better of it. "It's just not a problem I've ever experienced," Lexie said, was it possible she was starting to feel sorry for the girl who made her life stressful all summer? The gorgeous girl who was upset she looked so good she got attention? Somehow it wasn't that simple.
"If there was a way to switch bodies, I'd take yours in a heartbeat. Slender, just the right amount of curves, and not enough to make everyone gawk. I'd kill for your body," Emily said genuinely.
Lexie found that part hard to believe but understood it in the context. "Grass is always greener..." Lexie said, just trying to fill the air.
"I guess so," Emily replied. "Also, this is something I'm not at all proud of...but I'm not a lifeguard."
"What?" Lexie found that hard to believe.
"I'm not. I couldn't pass the test years ago. I'm actually not a great swimmer at all."
That explained why she had on a bikini and not a lifeguard suit when she did the rescue and CPR on her. "I always thought you were."
"That was the idea. Wearing a hoodie that says GUARD in bright letters sure gives off that impression. Better than telling the world there's one more thing I suck at." Emily shook her head and made her way over to the blanket she had laid out in the sand. It was a much-needed change of location after all the things shared.
Lexie followed and sat down next to her. It was a peaceful beach, a little understated treasure of the town. Lexie heard footsteps shuffling through the sand behind them.
"Hey!" A familiar, deep voice called out.
Emily and Lexie turned and saw Mark approaching. "What are you doing here?" They said in unison.
"Just checking up on my friends. It's not every day my one friend quits and my other friend leaves the office practically crying. What kind of a dick would I be if I didn't make sure everything was okay?"
"A pretty big dick," Emily said with a casual familiarity with Mark that Lexie envied. "A big, veiny dick." With that last remark, they all chuckled.
It didn't look like Mark needed much catching up. Lexie gathered he was already aware of most of her insecurities and struggles.
"I'm going to miss seeing you around the pool." He said, and Lexie wondered which one he was talking to since she too would be gone.
In that moment she became sad, as much as she said she hated a lot of things lately, she was going to miss this place. More than she was willing to admit.
"You made my shifts fun. Thank you both, I'm really sorry it ended on such a bummer," Mark said showing a rare side of emotion. They all pretended they weren't wiping away tears.
"Don't be a bunch of pussies," Emily called out regaining her tough-girl demeanor. "There's still plenty of summer left."
That broke the tension, all of them finally letting their guard down and laughing.
"You know, one thing I am pretty sorry about," Emily said, waiting until she had their attention.
"What's that?" Mark took the bait.
"I am sorry I missed the skinny-dipping party. Can't lie, that did look fun."
They all blushed. "It was," Mark said, "it certainly was."
There was a long, awkward silence. Lexie gathered her nerves and said, "Who said you missed it?"
Their ears perked up, now staring at Lexie.
"You said it yourself, there's still plenty of summer left," with that she stood up, and just went for it. The new one-piece bathing suit that she worked so hard to wear, was now coming off as quick as their jaws were dropping. She pulled the shoulder straps off, still with her back to the two of them and pushed the rest down her hips and shimmied down her legs.
She then felt the cool air glide over her bare body and turned to face them. The look on their faces was priceless, a mix of shock, admiration, and envy.
Mark looked over to Emily and she looked back. "Fuck it," Mark started, and Emily finished, "let's party."
Mark threw off his T-shirt with ease and slid his shorts down. Lexie watched with excited fascination as his flesh bobbed from his movements. Now all eyes were on Emily as she stood up and removed her hoodie. She had on the same bikini as the night of her test.
The skimpy top clung to her ample curves. She reached behind her back and untied the string. There was a noticeable wobble while the fabric still covered her nipples. Finally, she tossed the top to the ground and Lexie couldn't help but stare. They were about as perfect as she could imagine. "Holy shit," Lexie gasped and the two of them laughed.
"I know..." Mark joked. "Oh, how I know."
"Get it together, you amateurs," Emily said making short work of her bikini bottoms. Now all three of them stood there naked, each of them ogling one another back forth.
Lexie only briefly caught a glimpse of the trimmed patch of hair over her slit as Emily already started running to the lake and dove in headfirst once she was out deep enough.
Emily's bouncing cheeks mesmerized both Mark and Lexie until they finally followed and sprinted as well, occasionally looking over at each other along the way.
The water was cold and made them all let out a few whoops and hollers from the shock. They splashed and teased each other for several minutes until their teeth started to chatter.
"I'll be the mature one and say this is too fucking cold," Lexie admitted it first knowing none of them wanted it to end, or were brave enough to say such an unfun thought in the moment.
"Yeah, I'm freezing my nips off," Emily chimed in with a laugh.
"At least your nips look amazing when they get cold, I'm afraid of how small I'll be when I get out," Mark said, turning an anxious moment into a funny one.
"Small, my ass," Emily said with a smirk. "Come on, I've got a towel or two we can all share."
They walked out of the waterside by side. On the way into the water they all were so curious to look at each other, but at the moment that no longer seemed to matter. They were somehow closer than that.
Quickly they plopped down on the blanket, Lexie in the middle and Emily and mark on her sides. The extra towel barely covered their backs and they huddled up close as the sun was nearly below the horizon. Lexie breathed in the evening air, closed her eyes and could feel she was touching both of them, but not fully aware of what part of who.
The water crashed softly in the distance and now the moon started to glow across the hypnotic flow of the water. This was paradise. This small, shitty town was perfect.
"Mark's right. I'm going miss you two," Lexie said, looked them both in the eyes as they scooted into more of a closed triangle facing each other. "I don't want this to end," she said and was surprised to find her hands on each of their legs, gently enjoying the feel of their skin underneath her fingers.
They shivered together, now nearly in a cuddle and they all nodded their agreement. "It has to end," Emily said softly to both of them. "But maybe not tonight," she leaned in slowly to Lexie giving her plenty of time to back away. But this time Lexie was ready for it. Her stomach still full of butterflies, she leaned in as well and met Emily's kiss.
Soft at first, their lips barely grazed making a gentle smacking noise as Lexie placed her hand on Emily's cheek and pulled her in. Their mouths opened and they lightly felt each other's tongues.
"Whoa..." Mark whispered in awe and the girls laughed. They eyed each other, eyebrows raised, and Emily gave Lexie the nod it was okay.
Lexie turned to Mark and now felt his lips on hers. It was different than Emily's kiss. Not necessarily better or worse, but it felt different as if he had a bit more force behind him without adding any pressure.
While she was enjoying Mark's kiss, she felt a new tingle as Emily kissed her neck at the same time. Lexie stopped momentarily to let out a soft gasp at the different sensations. Her hands began to wander, and she ran her fingers down Mark's abs and felt the contrast of Emily's soft, round and jiggly boobs in her other hand.
Either touch by itself would have been enough, but the two at once sent Lexie into a euphoria. She noticed the feel of her own breasts being caressed. The strong squeeze of Mark's large hand covering her whole breast, while Emily's hand lightly cupped her breast playfully teasing her nipple.
Mark broke the kiss to lean down and lightly bite her flesh above her nipple, allowing her to turn back to Emily. They passionately locked lips, and things picked up. A flurry of hands slid over one another, occasionally pulling on a nipple, shooting intense waves through her body.
Emily adjusted her body so her breasts were right in front of Lexie. Lexie placed her face in between Emily's ample cleavage and felt the warmth radiating on her face as she kissed her sternum and made her way over to her hardened nipples. She couldn't believe she was sucking on Emily's boobs for more reasons than she could count, but there she was, twirling her tongue around her nipple as if she'd been doing it her whole life.
She kissed her way up Emily's neck, before returning to making out with her. Mark kissed Lexie's chest and lightly pulled her and Emily closer, so their breasts were on both sides of his face. Gently bobbing his head side to side, he kissed Lexie's tit and then turned to suck on Emily's larger boob, taking as much in his mouth as he could.
They both gasped and continued to explore each other's tongues. A new sensation swept over Lexie as she felt Emily's hand on her leg inching her way up her inner thigh. "Oh, fuck!" she moaned in a breathy sigh. Returning the gesture, Lexie placed her hand on Emily's tender, soft thigh and the other on Mark's firmer, muscular leg.
She closed her eyes as she felt Emily's hand slide over her slit, teasing her dripping lips. Mark's hand squeezed her thigh and felt the bottom of her slit while Emily circled her clit.
She found her hand cupping Mark's balls, feeling them bobble in her hand while her other hand lightly stroked Emily's lips from bottom to top, lightly pulling at her patch of hair before sliding back down. She practically yelled with pleasure when Mark slid two fingers inside her, teasing her ribbed g-spot while Emily began a steady rhythm on her clit.
The next thought she was aware of, was wondering how long she had been stroking Mark. His impressive shaft pulsed in her hand, and she felt like she was barely gripping half of it. The warmth of his tip slid in and out of her hand coating it with his pre-cum. She wanted more, and leaned over, kissing the tip while holding onto the base.
Mark let out a deep groan as Lexie took him in her mouth, sucking his length, feeling it glide in and out of her mouth. She let out a huge gasp as she realized she felt Emily kissing her inner thigh. Gently, she ran her fingers through Emily's hair while Emily's mouth was making its way up to her precious treasure. Lexie had to temporarily stop sucking Mark when she felt the powerful sensation of Emily's lips kissing her slit, slowly nibbling her clit.
Returning her mouth to Mark, over and over, she bobbed her head up and down his cock while she felt Emily lick furiously from side to side over her button. Lexie gasped and looked over at Emily. Seeing her face in between her legs might have been the sexiest thing she'd ever seen and watched the beautiful sight of Emily's tongue flicking at her sex.
Lexie pulled Emily up and licked her lips, noting her own taste practically dripping off her. She kissed her way down Emily's chest, lightly teasing her boobs before kissing her belly, giving long broad strokes of her tongue across the surface before nuzzling her nose in her pubic hair. She didn't even know where to begin. Eating another girl out was honestly something she had never given any thought to.
She started with a simple kiss in the center of her slit, painting her lips up and down with slow laps of her tongue. She tasted divine and real. Her scent was intoxicating as she inhaled deeply while circling her tongue around Emily's budding clit.
It wasn't long before Lexie felt a familiar but somehow different feeling on her own slit, realizing Mark was now eating her out. His technique and tongue felt different, but every bit as intense. She could feel the rough stubble of his cheeks lightly scrape against her inner thighs. It both slightly stung and felt amazing. His tongue sped up as he slipped in another finger inside her and continued his fury on her clit.
She started to do the same to Emily, picking up her pace, licking up her juices as she moaned. Emily shifted positions and gently guided Lexie to lay on her back. Her legs parted and Mark was on his knees holding his shaft lightly outlining Lexie's soaked slit with his tip. Emily looked at Lex and her eyes seemed to ask if she was okay, and all Lexie could do was gasp and nod her head for more.
Her eyes rolled to the back of her head as she felt Mark slide inside her, practically splitting her apart. He felt even larger inside her than he looked, and she was amazed at how she actually could feel his shaft, really feel its length and shape deep inside her.
Lexie moaned and squealed on the spot. Emily leaned down her and kissed her neck, her cheek and teased her earlobe before whispering, "Are you okay?"
"Oh, god yeah," she said between gasps, truly unaware of the sounds she was making.
A sly smile crept over Emily's face and she lifted her leg over Lexie's body, now straddling Lexie's face. Her warm thighs pressed against her cheeks as Lexie saw about as intimate of a view of Emily as you possibly could.
While Mark was steadily thrusting inside her, Emily faced him as she sat on Lexie's face. Lexie reached up and grabbed Emily's cheeks, lightly parting them and controlling the pace as she lowered Emily onto her mouth and lapped up her juices, before continuing sucking her aroused clit. Her ass cheeks lightly bounced off her face as Lexie pulled her down into her more, amazed at how much of Emily she was truly seeing. Every private treasure and hole was on her face, every real, earthy smell consumed her body.
She could barely see from her blocked view, but she realized Mark and Emily were staring at each other, no doubt experiencing a range of emotions from their long history together. His thrusting momentarily slowed and so did the grinding of her hips, as Lexie realized they were kissing while on top of her. It was a strange mix of jealousy and arousal, but not quite sure which one she was jealous of.
Lexie slid one hand up Emily's belly and found her bouncing breasts, taking in a handful with a little flesh squeezing out the sides of her fingers. She felt Mark's hand do the same as they played with her boobs together. Emily gasped and held Lexie's hand close to her breast and sped up her rhythm, changing her hypnotic swaying to a more concentrated grinding motion right over Lexie's mouth.
It was as if Emily was doing the majority of the work while Lexie simply kept her tongue outstretched, feeling Emily slide over her mouth occasionally dipping lower, letting her lips part and spread on her chin and nose. There was a quick change as she started to shake, and held her clit right over Lexie's mouth, riding her wave of pleasure. She gasped and leaned forward, spreading her lips even more before calming. Her round ass cheeks spilled on both sides of Lexie's face as she released the tension of holding herself upright. Lexie momentarily couldn't breathe as Emily sat completely on her face before sliding off.
Mark continued thrusting harder and harder, making sighs of pleasure nearing his climax. Emily cuddled up beside Lexie and kissed her cheek and neck, reaching down to put a little pressure on her clit while Mark was still sliding in and out of her. She felt his shaft massage all of her inner walls as he slid in even deeper. Emily's nibbling and breathy moans in her ear were too much to take, and she felt a powerful spasm as she tightened on his shaft. Lexie screamed in delicious agony experiencing her first true orgasm. A mix of pleasure, joy, and confusion rang through her whole body at the unfamiliar and exhilarating feeling.
She gasped, out of breath, nearly laughing and crying at the same time as Mark pulled out of her, on his knees beginning to stroke his glistening shaft. Emily leaned in and sucked on his tip, and Lexie followed her lead. She was still confused about how Emily felt about Mark, but not enough to stop sucking his cock with her. Together, they licked at his tip, tongues swirling around over each other and over his engorged cock, taking in Lexie's juices that coated his pulsing shaft.
In an instant, he let out a guttural moan, stopping his strokes temporarily as the first rope of cum splashed onto Lexie's lips and chin and then angled his shaft to give Emily his next spurt, before resting in the middle as their breasts caught the remaining drips.
All of them nearly collapsed in an intimate cuddle. Emily and Lexie held each other and licked the cum off each other's lips, swallowing the sweet and salty mixture.
In a strange flood of emotions, Lexie held back tears. While this was the most amazing experience of her life, it was also the hardest to process. As if sensing her stress, both Mark and Emily held her close and comforted her.
She wiped away a tear and kissed them both on the lips. Their naked bodies rested intertwined in the moonlit glow as they watched the stars float in the darkening sky. Chests still rising and falling, Mark's cock rested along Lexie's leg, still engorged and slick, but spent. And she felt Emily's incredible, warm breasts squished against her arm. This was heaven.
This stupid town. I am going to miss the shit out of this stupid town.
29. JEN
Jen continued to go to class all week, quietly assisting Erik and avoiding any real conversation. She had gone back and forth deciding whether or not she was going to go through with it on Friday. She didn't even really know what it entailed, but she had an idea. Enough to know she shouldn't do it.
But despite that, maybe even because of it, her mind was drawn to the idea all the more. A part of her wanted to see the hidden side of Erik. What she saw so far had frightened her, but it also made her feel alive.
He was so friendly to the kids, a complete gentleman to her family, but there was something else in him none of them saw. Something she instinctively knew, always knew. It was a powerful thought that kept her mind and body on full alert all week.
Friday morning, she awoke much earlier than usual without the help of an alarm. She had too much on her mind to get much rest. Jon was already at the gym, and now she had a few extra hours all to herself to wonder and agonize about what was ahead. She had not quite determined her final decision, but time was running out.
Jen got out of bed and walked into the bathroom completely naked and found herself yet again staring at her body and her flaws the same way she did before she met Erik for the first time.He sure can do a number on me.
She showered and either by procrastination or subconscious direction, seemed to wash her intimate parts several times over as if trying to make every inch of her presentable to him. She ran her fingers through her coarse, dark pubic hair and made a spontaneous decision. Quickly she grabbed the razor and started trimming the sides of her lips, stroking herself up and down with gentle glides of the blade. Each stroke went a little higher and stripped away more of her thick patch of hair that had kept her sex hidden for years until it was as bald as she had ever been. Her hand ran over her labia, noting its newfound smoothness and a wave of excitement washed over her.
She got out of the shower, dried herself off and once again took note of her bare body in front of the mirror. Her eyes were drawn to her smooth slit, and she had to admit she thought it looked sexy.
Jen made her way over to the closet and started to pick out her usual cotton panties, shorts, plain nude bra, and T-shirt and knew this wouldn't do. Not for today.
She rummaged through all of her drawers until a wicked idea came over her, and she suddenly knew just what to wear. This is a bad idea, she thought to herself as she finally got dressed and headed out.
When Jen arrived at the school, she paid special attention to Erik's face when he saw she was wearing jeans and a hoodie on one of the hottest days of summer. He nodded as if giving a subtle look of disappointment that she had decided not to go through with it. "Good to see you, Jen."
That was the first thing he had said to her in a few days. She quietly nodded back, enjoying the subtle dance that had already begun.
Throughout the class, he would ask her to bring over certain supplies, help out certain students, and even sometimes to bring him his coffee. Each time she replied, "Yes, Erik." Obediently following his instructions.
Jen began to realize she had been doing that all summer long. Obeying his commands. She had always done it willingly but now started to wonder if he had any hidden agenda behind it. Was he training her? Testing her obedience? Seeing if she had the potential to be one of his...she didn't even know what to call it...women in his book? His sub? His slave?
If that was his plan, he was far more clever than she gave him credit for. Occasionally in the class, he'd glance at her, almost sizing her up for what was to come. It made her whole body tingle with a mix of excitement and fear of the unknown.
Class finally ended and the kids all took home their final projects and drawings from the class. A few of them gave Erik some hugs and said they'd miss the class, but most just left in a fit of giggles like it was the last day of school and the first day of freedom, even though she knew they liked the class. Kids will be kids.
She looked over as he was silently packing up a few things into his burgundy leather bag before eventually walking over to her. "So, it appears our time has come to an end. Have you made a decision, Ms. Bloom?"
Those words sent a chill down her spine. Ms. Bloom? He's never called me by my last name before.
"I have," she said softly.
He stood there expectantly without saying a word.
"I will."
"You will what?"
She looked confused. "I will do it."
"You will do what?" He continued.
She struggled, wondering what it was he was looking for. "I will obey..."
"You will obey, what, Ms. Bloom?"
Hearing her last name barked out in his new, commanding tone made her skin tingle. "I will obey you...sir?"
"That's better, Ms. Bloom." He said, but his eyes conveyed much more.
"It won't happen again, Sir." She marveled at how quickly she took to the role. One she wasn't aware she was playing all summer.
Erik nodded and took her hand.
"Where are we going?" Jen asked as they exited the building.
Erik did not respond and proceeded to walk a few blocks down to an unmarked building on the opposite side of town. "This is my studio," he said plainly.
Jen followed quietly and her mind was filled with anticipation, wondering what awaited in this new studio. To her surprise, it was an identical room as the other studio. His easel was in the same spot, his backdrop curtain was the same. It was hard to hide the look of disappointment on her face. It all just felt the same. She wasn't sure what to expect, but this wasn't it.
"Not quite what you were imagining, Ms. Bloom?" He said as if reading her mind.
"I suppose I didn't know what to expect," she said and added awkwardly, "Sir."
Erik walked over to her, placed his hand on her chin, raising her gaze until their eyes met. She looked nervously at him as a small grin crept up the corner of his lips. "I suppose I don't know what to expect with you either, Ms. Bloom."
That gave her tingles. As he stepped away and went to the drawer that originally had his red sketchbook in there and pulled out an old skeleton key about the size of her full palm. He walked slowly over to where she was posing for him not too long ago and grabbed hold of the curtain, pulling it to the side. There was a large, dark, blood-red wooden door with an ornate brass knob.
He looked over to her and she tensed up as he slid the skeleton key into the hole. It turned almost all the way around before a deep click echoed through the room. Erik let out a little sigh as if taking a hit of a drug he had been off for a while.
The door squeaked as he slowly pulled it open. Cold, damp air swept into the room, and Jen could barely see into the darkness.
"After you, Ms. Bloom."
Jen wanted to ask what was in there, what was going to happen, but all she could do was stand there like a dolt. Frozen with thoughts of the unknown.
"I don't have many rules, Ms. Bloom, but the ones I do have, I expect to be followed explicitly. And rule number one is, I don't repeat commands."
His hand gestured toward the door. Jen gulped and stepped forward, curious what was ahead and just as curious what the other rules were. She stepped cautiously into the dark space and realized it led to a metal spiral staircase. Her hand never let go of the railing as she descended the winding stairs until she could tell there were no more stairs. Just a flat surface, that she assumed, hoped, was the bottom floor.
She stood in complete darkness, and couldn't even see the stairs she just used. Total blackness that swallowed her whole.
Above her, she heard the sound of the thick wooden door creak shut, making a loud clicking noise once again.Oh god, he's locked us in here. This was a terrible idea. What the hell was I thinking?
The sounds of his footsteps grew louder and more infrequent as he descended in no particular hurry. She stood there, arms crossed hoping she didn't just make the biggest mistake of her life.
She heard him finally get to the bottom floor and walk around her. Even in the pitch-black room, he seemed to know his way around. He walked around her, and she heard various sounds of metal on metal. From the soft echo, she guessed the room was not much bigger than a bedroom.
What she could only imagine was the sound of wood dragging against something pierced the air. She gasped, letting her mind run wild at all the things that could be.
And then there was silence. Utter silence surrounded by a velvety blackness that hung around her until the unmistakable sound of a match striking and sucking in air as it finally ignited, illuminating the room.
Her eyes were closed, almost not wanting to see at first, as Erik proceeded to light a candle, and then another. It was amazing how much light just two little candles produced in total darkness. The once deep, dark room was now lit with a fiery glow.
She looked around, taking in the surroundings. The cinder block walls, the various ropes hanging from the ceiling, and a rather large bed with bedposts on all four corners that reached up to the ceiling.
"What is this place? Sir!" Calling him Sir was far from a habit at this point and hoped he wouldn't dwell on her often forgetting that.
"This is my studio, Ms. Bloom. My real studio." He said and started to walk over until he was right in front of her. His hand ran over her cheek while he glanced her up and down as if seeing her in a whole new light.
She blushed and let him fondle her with his eyes.
"Undress for me, Ms. Bloom."
"Yes, Sir," she replied and started to unzip the front of her hoodie. Slowly she pulled it down, revealing a red satin push-up bra.
She wasn't sure if she should wait for a response but continued removing it until it slid off her arms and fell on the floor. Jen waited for either comment or instruction. She received both.
"Oh my, Ms. Bloom. Not your usual attire." He said, "Now continue."
"Yes, Sir." The words were starting to become more familiar. Still strange, but more familiar. Jen turned slightly sideways, undid the button and fly of her jeans, and slowly pushed them down the fleshy curves of her hips. Finally, she stepped out of them and stood there wearing a garter belt that clipped on to fishnet stockings covering her mid-thighs down.
Erik's eyes lit up with a surprised look he couldn't hide. "What a lovely outfit, Ms. Bloom."
"I'm glad it pleases you, Sir." She said feeling particularly aware that her bare and freshly shaven mound was within his view. Her choice to go without panties had paid off.
"Shall we begin?" He asked as if there was an actual choice to be made.
She nodded silently and hoped that was okay. In the strange room, his footsteps echoed loudly as he walked over to her, lightly placing his hands on her arms, sliding up and down her flesh. He stepped even closer, reached behind her and unhooked her elegant bra.
Flashes of the first time she wore this for her husband appeared in her mind. He never really appreciated this kind of thing. She forced those nagging thoughts out of her mind as Erik slid the straps down over her arms, revealing her bare breasts.
He'd seen them for hours when he last drew her, but he was looking at her as if he'd never seen her body before.
"You look lovely, Ms. Bloom." His hand trailed down her neck, lightly over her collar- bone and down her sternum. Touching neither breast, her nipples grew erect from the sensitive tease.
"Thank you, Sir." She said and genuinely meant that. As strange as this was, that felt amazing to hear.
Erik took her forearms and examined her hands. He grabbed a twine rope from the side and started wrapping them around her delicate wrists.
She truly did feel a sense of panic and gasped at the unfamiliar texture of twine on her skin.
"Do you trust me, Ms. Bloom?"
"I do, Sir." She said and even though it was true, still was unsure what would happen. But something was freeing about that.
He held her bound hands over her head and joined the rope to a hook on one of the bedposts.
Her heart was leaping out of her chest as Erik grabbed his red sketchbook and began to capture her essence. His hands flew across the page with an intensity she hadn't seen before.
After a short while of drawing, Jen was well aware of how much her breasts were rising and falling. There was a shortness of breath that added to the feeling. It was hard to manage it, but it amplified everything.
"Time for your break, Ms. Bloom."
She let out a soft sigh but wondered what that entailed as he slowly walked over, approaching her from behind. Jen could feel his breath on the side of her neck, as his hand lightly trailed down her spine. Had she not been tied up, she might have fallen over from the overwhelming sensations pulsing through her body.
As his hand moved toward the lower end of her back, she held her breath wondering what would do next. What he would touch next. To her surprise, the touch stopped right above the top of her crack, and she knew the anticipation was doing far more than any direct action.
His hands slipped lower and now started in the middle of her hamstrings, slowly teasing their way up her flesh, and finally did glide over the curve of her ass. She let out an audible gasp from his delicate touch.
"Are you okay, Ms. Bloom?" His hand slid around her belly and held her closely against his still clothed body.
She nodded, "Yes, Sir." Her body involuntarily wiggled due to his touch. She could feel his arousal through his pants, or at least what she imagined was his arousal. She actually had little idea what he was doing behind her. This was so focused on her, it was intoxicating.
His hands lowered slowly down her soft stomach, over her little belly button, down the smoothness of her flesh that hadn't been touched like that in years. Maybe ever. His hands got slower the lower they went until his fingertips reached right where the recent shaving became noticeable. Her smooth skin ached under his touch as he was only an inch away from her budding clit. Erik softly whispered in her ear, "Break's over, Ms. Bloom."
Jen could feel her excitement begin to drip down her leg as he returned to his red sketchbook. She looked around the room and watched the dancing shadows as the candle flames flickered. There was an enlarged shadowy silhouette of her body on the wall behind her, and she couldn't help but be mesmerized by her own curves exaggerated that were now larger than life. It both made her feel small in comparison and empowered her as if knowing that figure came from her. It was her. Sexy and powerful. A strange contrast to what was happening in the moment.
Erik moved to the other side of the room, now directly in front of her. This was a new level of awkward because she could see him directly instead of easily avoiding eye contact. His eyes devoured her as he claimed her mentally, recreating her on the page as he saw fit.
She wondered what he was thinking behind those steel eyes as he carefully drew more and more. If she had a free hand, she would have been working on releasing the built-up pressure inside her, but she knew that's not how this game was played.
"You're doing very well, Ms. Bloom," Erik said as he set down his sketchbook and got on top of the bed, right in front of her.
Jen awaited his next touch eagerly, but instead, he just sat there staring. His eyes took in her breasts and didn't hide when he looked closely at her slit. Her sex on display, dripping with arousal, practically begging for more.
She heard the sound of a zipper and saw he was undoing his fly. Her mind raced with a new flurry of thoughts as she watched him pull out his erection through this open fly, still keeping his pants on.
Erik began stroking his engorged shaft while taking in her body. Jen watched with silent fascination, taking in the sight of his self-pleasure. The way he teased his tip and tugged at the skin. It was so wrong seeing another man's penis, and so fucking hot.
He crawled over to her and she squirmed with fear and delight at the same time. He leaned in and kissed her neck, and she felt his tip press into her belly as he continued to tease himself.
"Ohh, fuck..." she moaned without even realizing it as his free hand caressed her breasts, lightly tugging at her nipples. Her head dropped and rolled as he seemed to control her like a puppet with minimal effort.
She could feel his arms reach around her back and grab her ass, lightly pulling the cheeks apart. It was delightful agony. He was going so slow she wanted to scream, please don't stop, please...but all she could do was moan. His hands slid under her round ass cheeks and lightly teased her intimate treasures, outlining her wet lips and just barely touching her sensitive mound.
The touch was so soft she could have sworn it was a feather, maybe it was, for all she knew. She never thought a touch so soft could cause so much agony, as her body physically ached for more.
Her eyes had been closed for quite a while, and she suddenly felt a complete lack of touch as he started to stand up on the bed.
Oh god...what is he doing...?
Jen could feel him towering over her, as she still was standing next to the bed, hands bound over her head. She was helpless to his actions, something she was craving more and more the longer she was under his spell.
After a moment of silence, she finally opened her eyes. He was standing right in front of her, on the bed slowly stroking his shaft right in front of her face. She couldn't hide her surprise, her fright, her excitement. It all came out in one long gasp as she stared at his penis.
He simply nodded to her and she knew to open her mouth. Jen slid out her tongue, and he carefully placed the tip on her tongue and dragged it out, letting a thin string of pre-cum trail out of her mouth. She licked and swallowed the teasing fluid eagerly, and it tasted wrong. It tasted sweet and it tasted forbidden. She wanted more. So much more.
"Please, Sir." She was amazed to find herself saying.
Erik carefully slid his tip back over her tongue and ran his fingers through her hair pulling her head into him as his cock disappeared into her mouth. She couldn't get over the fact that Erik's cock, was nearly down her throat and all she wanted to do was suck him. Inhale his essence, taste his cum.
It actually made her sad when he slowly removed it, dragging the underside of his tip against her tongue until it popped free. "Break is over, Ms. Bloom." He said as he lightly ran his finger over her nipple, finishing with a little pinch that made her squeal.
As he picked up his sketchbook and returned to his craft, all she could do was slide her tongue back and forth, tasting his delicious essence that lingered in her mouth. She did even know where he was drawing her from now, nor did she care. All she wanted was more. So much more.
She moaned and gasped, and he tossed his sketchbook to the side. What is he doing now?
She heard him step closer, approaching her from behind until she could feel his warmth on her back. He fell to his knees, and she knew his face was right in front of her ass. She knew because she could feel his hot breath on her damp slit as he lightly took her cheeks and spread them.
She could only imagine what he was seeing, as she realized she never even had that close of a look at those intimate nooks and crannies. He breathed again, this time closer to her and her whole body trembled. She felt like she was moments away from exploding and he had barely touched her.
His fingers gripped her ass, keeping her cheeks apart he leaned in and kissed the very center of her slit, sliding his tongue in her soaked lips. He blew cold air on her after, and she squirmed wildly.
Gently he bit each of her lips, lightly tugging at the skin, pulling her labia out and letting it retract back into her. She could feel his teeth grazing in her sensitive flesh before he finally licked her clit.
Jen's whole body caved and fell, held up only by the rope as she slid onto his face even more. He devoured her vulva with delicate precision, taking only the smallest of breaks to catch his breath and swallow her juices.
He licked her clit, up the back of her lips, briefly licking her anus and she nearly screamed from the foreign touch. Erik now stood up behind her, and she could feel both of his hands on her hips, squeezing her ass.
With his shaft in hand, he ran his engorged tip along the slit of her lips, slapping his shaft on her glistening pussy. She had never wanted something so bad in her life, and she writhed in agony.
"Please, Sir," she moaned.
"Please, Sir, what?" he whispered in her ear.
"Please, Sir. Please fuck me..." she pleaded. "Please, I'm begging you.." she gasped, letting out a deep, breathy moan. "I need your cock, your delicious wonderful cock inside my pussy, Sir." Jen could not even believe what was coming out of her mouth, but she meant every last word.
Erik still standing behind her, slightly adjusted her to lean a little forward and slid his tip over her clit one last time before angling his head in her opening. In an instant, she felt him inside her. A flood of emotions ran through her, another man's penis was in her vagina. The thought alone almost made her cum and cry from guilt at the same time.
Jen could feel him pulsing as her pussy tightened its velvet grip around his cock. Her tits bounced wildly from his rhythmic thrusts, feeling his hips slam into her ass cheeks over and over again. She felt weak in the knees as he pounded her, squeezing and digging his fingernails into her ass cheeks as he pulled her into him.
She breathed and gasped, on the brink when all motions stopped. Jen felt his thick cock slide out of her and she trembled wanting more. Erik unhooked the twine from the top of the bedpost.
Finally, she could lower her arms that had nearly grown numb from being elevated for so long. Erik stayed nestled behind her and kissed the side of her neck. She could feel his breath down her sweaty chest and hear his deep moans in her ear as he gave her the next instruction. "I want you on the bed, Ms. Bloom."
"Yes, Sir," Jen obeyed and quickly crawled onto the bed on all fours, presenting her backside to him. She could feel her sex on full display, hiding nothing.
The bed jostled from the weight of Erik joining her. His fingers lightly teased her clit and slid up her lips before lighting touching her exposed asshole, and then along her spine up to her neck. She moaned from the delightfully torturous tease.
He eased his cock back into her creamy opening and grabbed her hair pulling her torso up off the bed. Her nipples tingled as they scraped the red satin sheets as he thrust in and out.
Jen felt like she could pass out from his touch, it was so consuming. She heard a loud slap before feeling the lingering sting on her ass cheek. She yelped with pain. Actual pain. It hurt and she wanted more.
Her head jerked back from the hair pulling, and she felt him slide into her further, impossibly deep. His pelvic bones crashed into the cushion of her ass and she knew she was close.
"Please, Sir, I can't take much more of this," she moaned, not sure what the rules were, but felt the need to ask for permission. "I need to cum, Sir." She gasped almost a wicked and painful yelp as she held back as long as she could. "I'm begging you, please let me cum."
A thunderous slap smacked her ass as she realized her mistake, "SIR! Please let me cum, sir! Make me cum...my body needs it." She moaned it so that it was more breath than words, and she knew she was at the point of no return.
His thrusts picked up, and his hand slid under her belly and over her mound until he was rubbing her clit. "Cum for me, Ms. Bloom," he whispered.
Practically on command, she felt her body begin to spasm, and she let out moans that could have shattered windows had there been any in the room. Her pussy tightened involuntarily, and she felt a total wave of pleasure flow through her body as she collapsed on the bed.
Erik pulled out of her and slowly stroked his cock. She realized he hadn't cum yet and quickly tended to him, kissing his balls and licking the underside of his shaft coated in her juices. "Suck me, Ms. Bloom."
And before she could reply his shaft was deep in her mouth. His delicious cock pulsed on her tongue and she felt the first subtle shake, followed by a stream of warmth coat the back of her throat as she struggled to swallow his load. Her mouth surrounded his cock and slowly slid up and down the quivering member as drips of cum oozed out of her mouth.
Jen made a showing of licking her lips and swallowing the lingering traces of his semen. His delicious, sweet cum. "Mmmm," She said in a mix of delight and exhaustion.
He collapsed next to her, and she rested her head on his chest. Erik kissed her forehead.
"Good Girl, Ms. Bloom."
Her body was still trembling, slowing regaining her breath. She could feel the sweat dripping down almost every part of her naked body and became aware all over again that she was resting naked next to a man who was not her husband and who just devoured her in a way she never imagined.
Erik was right about one thing; there is no turning back from this.
30. JON
There were only a few days left on the trip and Jon debated if he should even go back to the gym. It has been years since he purposely skipped a workout, but he was afraid of what might happen if he did show up.
His ego got the better of him.I'm not a person who skips workouts. I can resist doing anything with Heather. I'm stronger than this.He tried to tell himself over and over until he believed it.
The mornings were staying dark longer as the sun was rising later and later. It was chillier in more ways than one as he walked into the gym.
"Wasn't sure if I was going to see you again," Heather said softly from behind the counter.
"Nonsense. I'm here to work out. Nothing more," Jon said as he found his resolve.
"Right," Heather said. "I'll be waiting for you."
Jon nodded and headed into the locker room. He stripped down naked and stood there questioning what he was doing. There was a mirror not too far off and Jon walked over, taking in the sight of his completely naked body. The form of the man in the reflection was impressive, but Jon no longer recognized who it was. He was a different person than the man who walked into this locker room not too long ago.
Jon snapped out of it, dressed and joined Heather in the weight room. It was one of their most quiet workouts to date. Neither one acknowledging what happened. They took turns doing various arm exercises, barbell curls, dumbbell hammer curls, cable pushdowns, overhead extensions. Before he knew the workout was over and they barely said a word to each other.
"I guess that's how it's going to be," Heather said softly.
Jon nodded. "Not sure what there is to say."
"For what it's worth, I'm glad you joined my gym even for a short time. I'll always remember what you taught me."
Jon could utter the words he was glad he came here, but a part of him really was glad. He learned a lot about himself. What he was capable of, good and bad. "I'll always remember you as well."
Jon headed into the locker room determined to quickly change and leave. He saw the two familiar women in their lockers waiting for his exhibitionistic show, but he wasn't sure he was feeling up to it today. Maybe just grabbing his bag and heading out would be best.
As he walked closer, he saw the locker next to his open and saw the back half of a naked woman. Her cheeks were sticking out behind the door and almost in an instant, he decided maybe he was going to change just for an excuse to be here longer.
He undid his locker, quickly stripped down and couldn't keep his eyes off the backside of the naked girl next to him. Jon was standing there naked, getting slightly aroused as the round cheeks of the woman next to him jiggled as she put away her things.
"Jon!"
"Holy fuck, Ashley," He sheepishly covered up his crotch, taking in the sight of her curves. She had a towel in her hand but wasn't covering up. Her round, full boobs rested atop her slender frame. He tried his best to not look, but still took in long peeks of her body all the way down to her slit.
His hand eventually stopped covering his crotch and stuck out awkwardly at half-mast. "It's been a while since I've seen you. Since anyone has seen you."
"I've been around. Busy, you know?" She managed to maintain eye contact with him the whole time. Something that drove him crazy. How was she not tempted to at least look?
Jon nodded and returned to his locker.
"Jon?" Ashley said.
"Yes?"
"I want to thank you for letting me stay with you this summer. It means a lot to me," she said.
Jon turned and smiled. "It's our pleasure. Always happy to see you."
She glanced down at his now nearly erect cock, and they both smiled.
"I mean happy to have you. In our house. Have you in our house," his foot went deeper into his mouth.
She lightly chuckled. "I get it. Thank you."
Ashley leaned in for a hug. Awkwardly Jon put his arm around her, trying not to get too close. But before he knew it, he felt her breasts pressing against him and his cock meshed against her belly in the full-on hug.
She kissed him on the cheek and her thigh grazed against his cock as she squeezed by him, heading toward the steam room. His eyes were glued to her perfect cheeks that lightly bounced with every soft step.
"Lucky lady!" Marcy said.
"She's my niece," Jon said, trying to eliminate any crazy thoughts, but realized that only muddied the water.
"Ohhh, interesting," the two women said in unison, laughing playfully.
"It's not like that," he blushed.
"Whatever you say..." Marcy said, glancing at his erection.
Jon looked down and for once, wasn't embarrassed. It was a natural reaction and it didn't seem necessary to justify it.
"I'm going to miss you two," Jon said. "This is probably my last day here."
They both looked devastated. "That's a shame," Karen said and looked him up and down, not hiding her glance at his crotch. "I'm going to miss seeing you around here."
They all blushed.
"Me too," Jon said.
"Can we at least get a goodbye hug, like she did?" Karen's eyebrows raised.
Jon had a feeling what that meant. He nodded. "Of course."
Karen walked over and hugged him tightly. He felt his entire body press against hers, as she unabashedly grabbed his ass and pulled him in close. Marcy cut in and did the same. All three of them were hugging and he felt a variety of hands softly petting nearly every part of him.
"Alright, time for a cold shower," Jon said jokingly as he looked at his erection. He saw both of their hands lightly holding it.
They giggled and ran off to the gym. Jon nearly forgot all about what happened with Heather. Maybe it wasn't so bad. Things happen. It was nothing. Just a crazy massage. People do worse things all the time. It meant nothing.
He put it out of his head and made his way to the showers, erection still bobbling with every step. The hot water felt amazing. He closed his eyes and breathed in the soothing steam, cleansing him inside and out.
"I thought you already left?"
Jon turned and saw Heather walking into the shower, completely nude and not covering anything up.
"Had to say a few goodbyes to some new friends," Jon said and found it funny he considered Karen and Marcy friends.
"I hope you weren't going to leave without saying goodbye to me," Heather said softly and stepped into the shower area next to him, using the same showerhead.
The showers were set up in an open area, with two center columns that had multiple showerheads. No matter what, you would be close to other people showering, but using the same showerhead virtually meant you were right on top of each other.
"I thought about it," Jon said honestly. The guilt was terrible, he didn't want to think about what happened. "But I owe you more than that."
Heather stepped next to him and started running her fingers through her wet hair. "You don't owe me anything, but you owe it to yourself to be okay with everything."
"Perhaps you're right," Jon said and realized she wasn't to blame. He knew the risks and he still took the chance. It wasn't fair for him to ditch her without saying goodbye. It wouldn't be fair to either of them.
As Heather ran her fingers through her hair, she let out a painful gasp.
"What's wrong?"
"Thanks to you I can barely lift my arms. Guess you're too good of a trainer," Heather joked and winced at the same time.
"Sorry about that," Jon knew it was partially his ego that made him choose the hardest workouts. He enjoyed showing off and pushing her further than she wanted to go. "Here, allow me," Jon took the shampoo off the ledge and squirted a dollop in his hands.
"You don't have to do that," Heather said softly.
"It's my fault you can't lift your arms. It's the least I can do."
Heather stepped closer. Her breasts were practically touching Jon as he ran the shampoo through her hair, kneading her scalp. His erection had slightly gone down, but he felt a new sensation brewing.
After finishing with the shampoo, he grabbed the body wash. "May I?"
"Of course," Heather said with a subtle smile.
Jon squirted a generous amount in his hands and started with her shoulders. Washing her collar bone, her upper chest, and her breasts. Heather's nipples were as tiny and hard as he'd ever seen them.
He turned her around thinking it would be easier to avoid having this go too far if he couldn't see her breasts. Seeing her gorgeous ass right in front of his crotch didn't seem to be much better. In many ways, it was worse, as he felt her cheeks brush against his thick shaft.
Jon washed her upper back, working his way lower, down to her cheeks. He dropped to his knees to wash her lower legs and worked his way up her hamstrings. Her butt was right in front of his face as he washed both cheeks thoroughly before running his hands in between, sliding over every intimate crevice.
She turned around, and all thoughts of guilt and needing to leave seemed to vanish. Her trimmed patch of dark hair above her slit was right in front of him. Jon could no longer resist, and kissed the center of her mound feeling her coarse hair tickle his lips.
Soon he was kissing her lower, circling his tongue around her clit. Both hands reached around taking hold of her cheeks, pulling her into his face as he lapped up her wetness.
Heather moaned and lifted her leg over his shoulder, giving him even more access as his tongue now slid up and down her parted slit. He could feel her fingers running through his hair as he tasted her.
Jon stood up almost instantly, grabbed her by the hips and lifted her. Heather's legs wrapped around his waist as he slid inside her, lowering her body onto his engorged shaft.
They moaned in unison as it felt like he was impossibly deep inside her. She held on around his neck as he slammed her hips up and down, fucking her upright in the middle of the shower.
Neither of them lasted long, it was such an intense position. He heard her gasp in his year while they both started to tighten their muscles. It was a surreal feeling as her pussy tightened around his shaft. She bit his shoulder and trembled uncontrollably while he felt his cock erupt deep inside her.
A few moments later when they were catching their breath, they could feel each other's intimate muscles tightening, abs relaxing over and over in fading amounts. Jon looked her in the eyes and gave her a soft kiss on the lips. The kiss almost felt worse than everything else that happened, but that only made it even more irresistible. Their tongues met, softly exploring each other's mouths before coming to a halt.
Jon turned and saw they had managed to gain quite an audience. Karen and Marcy were there, along with a few other women Jon didn't recognize. He pulled out of her, and his glistening cock coated in her juices flopped about. A few of them cheered, many giggled and it was bizarrely satisfying.
"Now, I do have to go," Jon whispered in her ear before giving her one last kiss. He made his way through the small crowd and saw Ashley standing in the back, watching the entire scene.
Ohhhhhh, FUCK! This is bad.
31. Jen
Jen was nestled next to Erik, their legs side by side. Her head was resting on his shoulder while she gently played with his chest hair, twirling it in her fingers. It was so different from Jon's nearly completely hairless body. This was new and seemed manly in a way that satisfied something deep inside her.
"What are you thinking right now?" Erik asked plainly.
She hesitated. "Honestly?"
"Yes, I told you to never lie to me," he said softly.
A range of thoughts ran through her mind from guilt to euphoria, to enjoying looking at his still engorged penis that rested on his leg pointing toward her. "Honestly...I'm wondering if I still need to call you Sir?"
Erik let out a genuine laugh. "No, not right now."
She nodded and chuckled. It was good to have a little reprieve from the intense roleplaying like there was a real person behind it all.
"What are you thinking about?" She reciprocated.
His eyes rolled back, looking up to the ceiling before letting out a deep sigh. "A lot of things."
She nodded and wanted to pry but thought better of it. Jen got out of bed and walked over to her jeans.
"Getting dressed so soon?" There was a hint of disappointment in his tone.
"Not quite. Nothing sounds less appealing than putting on jeans right now." She laughed and dug into the pocket. "I have something for you."
His eyebrows raised, "Oh?"
"Here." She felt her juices still flowing down her inner thighs as she walked back over and handed him a folded-up piece of paper.
He carefully opened it and stared at it...those mesmerizing, pleading hands.
"I thought you might want that back. Seemed like it was pretty important to you."
His face was cold, and his hidden thoughts ran deep.
"Thank you," he said softly.
"What happened to you two?"
"I already told you, she was my first love. And she's no longer here," he said giving away nothing.
"Yeah, but what really happened? You don't have to tell me, but...I don't know, I just..." she couldn't find the words to say she wanted to know why he was the way he was, why he was hurting, and that she thought they were close enough now that he could share something deeper with her. But that was much harder to say than: "because I just want to know, damn it."
He let a small smile escape his lips. "You remind me of her, you know? Same mix of spunk and kindness rolled up into a wonderful angel. You would have liked her."
Jen simply nodded. "She sounds wonderful."
"She was." He blinked slowly and hard as if forcefully holding back a tear. "She really was."
Jen didn't push it any further and let him sort out what it was exactly he wanted to share.
"We were engaged. Neither of us had ever been so happy in our lives." He struggled to continue, "but life sometimes has a funny way of holding you down."
Jen cuddled up closer and felt her breasts squish into his side while she let him continue at his own pace.
"She had a rare form of cancer." His eyes focused on the page, "she started getting sick and by the time the doctors found out why...they couldn't..." his voice trailed off.
A tear welled up in her eye and she kissed his cheek softly. "Erik, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to be a jerk about it last time."
"You didn't know." He said softly, still looking at the page.
The silence was painful, and she felt for him. "Who were all the others in the book?" Jen knew she should leave that one alone but wanted to know all the same. And since she was now one of them, she thought she had a right to know.
"Others," he said plainly.
"Other models? Other Lovers?" She asked and felt guilty for asking that.
"They were just others." He said softly. "Others I tried to replace her with. Tried to feel the same things I felt with her. Tried to feel anything with."
"Did it work?"
He smirked. "For a time. But do temporary fixes ever really work?"
She nodded her understanding.
"Shortly after she passed, I was a wreck. I needed any and every kind of distraction I could get. I got lost in my art and started drawing more and more." He said as if figuring it out for himself as he went along.
"How did you find so many willing models to pose...like that?" She nodded loosely to the twine ropes on the side of the bed.
"It's easier than you think in a big city." He subtly smirked, trying not to be arrogant that he knew girls found him attractive.
A lightbulb went off in her head. "Is that why you moved...?"
"Yes, I moved around trying to escape the addiction. But every big city I found the same problems. The same habits. The same demons I couldn't escape. Eventually, I met Heather and I knew I needed to stop."
"Did you ever draw her like that? Heather, I mean?"
He shook his head. "I tried to imply I wanted to, but she politely made it clear she wasn't into that."
Jen remained silent, fascinated by this glimpse inside his head.
"At first I was mad about it. I thought we wouldn't last as a couple if she wasn't into that, but actually, it was the first time my mind finally thought about something other than pain." He paused, "It was nice. Something new for a change. Something to put the past behind me and move on."
She kissed his shoulder, silently encouraging him to continue.
"But old habits die hard. Sometimes not at all."
His arm curled around her body holding her close, and he lightly ran his fingers along her forearm.
"But I was still an artist, and I was still drawing women. It didn't take long for those sessions to turn into more...more than just traditional drawing sessions."
She couldn't tell if he was speaking with remorse or just telling her the facts.
"I knew if I wanted to make it work with Heather, I'd need to stop. So, I thought it best to move to a small town and try to put that chapter behind me." He looked over to her, "I thought I could escape it." He kissed her forehead and held her close. "And yet, I couldn't get away from it no matter where I was."
He let out a deep sigh, "I eventually accepted it's something I'm not ready to leave behind."
"Does Heather know?" Jen asked, wondering how he balances this life while being married to her.
"She knows parts of it, not everything. But she knows enough to not ask questions she doesn't want the answers to." He sighed, "She understands it's not something I can ever really let go of. So, she trusts me..." he trailed off.
"It goes both ways, I suppose." He finally added.
"What does that mean?" She asked quickly.
"She trusts me, and she doesn't ask me about certain things. I trust her, and I don't ask her about certain things." He said plainly.
That gave Jen a slew of new thoughts that she wasn't ready for. Things she probably already assumed but blocked out. "Can I see the drawings?" She changed the subject, not at all wanting to think about what it is Heather might be doing that he doesn't ask her about.
A sly smile tugged at the corner of his lips. "I don't normally show these sketches to anyone. You're the first one to ever actually see one...not that I ever gave you permission to look at it in the first place."
She blushed. "I told you I'm sorry about that." It was a mix of an apology and laughing, "but as long as I've already seen it...what's the harm in showing me now?"
He shook his head and couldn't help but smile. "I take it you're not going to let this go until you see it."
"Nope!"
He laughed, kissed her forehead and stood up to find the red sketchbook he tossed aside earlier. Her eyes were glued to his thick penis that hypnotically swayed with every step.
Erik handed her the book and crawled back into bed.
She stared at it curiously. "You sure you're okay with me seeing this?"
"No, but I think you should anyway."
She slowly opened the leather cover and noticed the tattered edge of the page she tore out. Next, there was a beautifully stunning woman with her hands bound, kneeling on a bed.
"Is this her?" She asked, already knowing the answer. "Even I have to admit she looks hot." She laughed nervously.
"She was." He smiled as he looked at her.
Jen noticed the woman didn't have the look of fear she saw when she first flipped through the other time. The woman looked...happy? She had on a playfully pouty expression and looked like she was enjoying it.
She flipped through the next few pages. The woman was bent and bound in almost every angle, always perfectly drawn. So realistic Jen could have sworn some were black and white photos.
A few more pages later she noticed the expression slightly change on her face, it was subtle, but the woman no longer had the look of enjoyment. Jen skipped a few pages later, and the expression had evolved again looking less and less happy. Finally, Jen started flipping through faster and faster, barely scanning each page and it almost looked like an animated flipbook where the woman went from happy, to indifferent, to fearful to a downright terrified-for-her-life look. And then there were a few blank pages, and Jen wondered if that was when he last drew her.
The following pages started to have different women, but all of them had the same terrified look. It was hard to look at, wondering if anything bad really ever did happen to these women. Was he lying all along? And then she came to the last few pages and recognized the sketched hands as her own. Jen saw her body, wearing fishnet stockings and garter belt tied up, exposed and helpless.
It was a surreal experience seeing herself like that. And then she saw she too had a terrified look on her face in the sketch. Sheer panic in the eyes. The look of pure fear and hopelessness.
"Did I really look like that?" Jen started to piece this together. She recalled being anxious, but overall still enjoying what was happening. Not terrified like in the drawing.
"Not exactly, no." Erik said softly, "But it's what I think about sometimes. My last memories of her."
Jen's heart practically stopped as she now had the final piece of the puzzle. The terrified expression on all these women's faces was the look of his lover afraid of dying. Afraid of losing him. And maybe more realistically, him afraid of losing her.
All these other women, they weren't afraid. They weren't in pain. He was. He was still trying to cope with one of the hardest things in his life that he truly never got over. And he recreated that moment in all of his drawings.
She fell silent and looked at the strange beauty of it all, looking at her submissive self on the page was like an out of body experience. She finally understood.
"I'm so sorry, Erik. I'm sure it's not easy."
He sighed and looked her deep in the eyes. Erik removed the book from her hands and leaned in to kiss her on the lips.
She kissed him back and wrapped her arms around him as he rolled on top of her, kissing her neck and cheek. Soon she was breathing heavier and craving more. Her hand moved to his shaft and started stroking his length.
It all happened so smoothly; she was amazed at how quickly he was back inside her. Slowly he slid in further and pulled out nearly all of his shaft before sliding it back in. Deeply. Slowly.
They breathed in unison and she enjoyed the weight of his body on top of hers. This was entirely different than everything that happened before. It was one thing to obey, to be told to do things she knew was wrong. To enjoy the feeling of someone else taking charge for once and removing herself from the responsibility of her actions.
But this...this was just plain wrong with no way to justify it in her head. And the worst part was, she wanted that even more. A tear ran down her face and she held him close to block out a flurry of emotions she didn't want to think about.
Erik kissed her softly and she could feel his length inside her, his whole body on top of hers. His sensual touch was soothing and almost therapeutic. She wrapped her legs around his hips, giving him a slightly better angle inside her.
Jen felt the difference immediately as it felt like his tip was as deep in her as anything she'd ever experienced. It didn't take long for her to approach her climax as she adjusted her hips, so he was hitting everything just right. She bit his shoulder in a subdued breathy gasp until she shook with confusing pleasure.
He looked her in the eyes, and she knew what he was asking. She simply nodded and held him close as he made his own adjustments, dragging out each thrust just right until she felt a powerful pulsing sensation inside her. She closed her eyes, knowing he was cumming inside her. Although this changed nothing after everything they already did, it somehow made it more real for her. More wrong.
Her eyes became heavy and she breathed slowly, drifting off to sleep with him still inside her.
When she finally opened her eyes and blinked a few times, she became fully alert all over again. Erik was still resting on top of her and inside her. He started to wake up as well, and carefully pulled out his now flaccid penis that was nestled inside her vagina.
"What time is it?" She asked losing all sense of her bearings without any windows.
"I don't know. Late."
She quickly got up and scrambled to get dressed. "I have to go."
He nodded and stayed in bed, watching her lovely curves disappear behind her clothes.
Once finally dressed, she stood and looked at him. Class was over. Her family's summer trip was almost over. "I guess this is it."
He stood, completely naked and walked over to her. "Thank you, Jen. For everything." They kissed and enjoyed each other's embrace one last time...the last time.
"Here." He grabbed his sketchbook and tore out one of the final drawings. "Since you were so kind as to give me my drawing back, you can have one to remember me by."
She looked at the page and saw her naked body, bound and looking terrified. Another tear nearly welled up in her eye. She knew she would never forget this even without the drawing. And that was what scared her the most. There was no turning back.
"Goodbye, Erik. Sir," she said softly.
"Ms. Bloom," he smiled at her. "Goodbye, Jen"
She opened the door at the top of the stairs, and she left. She was surprised to see it was dark out. How long was I down there? Jon's going to be worried sick.
She ran home as fast as she ever had all summer. The lights of their house were all off. Maybe Jon is already asleep and won't know about any of this.
Jen went up the stairs as quickly and quietly as she could and opened their bedroom door just wide enough to sneak through. She saw Jon peacefully sleeping in the bed. A mixture of relief and paralyzing guilt ran through her.How could I have done this?
Jen walked into the bathroom and tried to undress without making a sound. The zipper of the hoodie felt as loud as a marching band while she lowered it. She made short work of her bra, lowered her jeans, and realized she still had on her fishnet stockings and garter belt with no panties.What was I thinking with this ridiculous outfit?
She attempted to unhook the clasps and a bright light blinded her as Jon was standing at the bathroom door, using his cell phone as a flashlight on her.
She didn't know whether to cross her arms, cover her crotch or turn around. It was a horrible thought since she shouldn't have to worry about being seen by her husband. Not ever.
"That's quite an outfit you have on there." He said in a way that made her skin crawl.
"Yes, I was going to surprise you with it." She lied. This was going from bad to worse.
He flipped on the light switch and stood there quietly. "I must admit I am surprised."
Jon walked over to her and she had an eerily similar feeling to when Erik walked around her earlier. Only this was so much more terrifying.
He lightly took her hands and held them up, examining the red rope burns around her wrists. His silence was about the worst thing she could imagine. Jon walked to her backside and saw various red marks on her ass cheeks as she stood there sheepishly in her stockings and garter belt.
Without a word he simply walked back to bed and sat down.
"Aren't you going to say anything? Scream at me, yell at me?" Tell me you fucking love me and ask how could I have done this to you?
"What's there to say?" he said softly.
Perhaps he was right. Nothing could change it.
"I guess I had a suspicion, but nothing quite like this," he said.
"Don't act like this is one-sided. I saw the way you and Heather looked at each other the other night. Pretending you just met her...fooling no one."
"Don't go dragging me into this. I'm not the one with slap marks on my ass."
"No, you're not. I don't know what you have on your ass because I've barely fucking seen you all summer. I don't even know when the last time I saw you naked was. You could be covered in tattoos for all I know."
Jon didn't have a reply. He just sat there, his mind far away.
She hid her guilt by attacking him more. "When was the last time we made love? When did we last even kiss? Really kiss, like we used to?"
He shook his head silently.
"Did you kiss her? Did you kiss Heather when you fucked her?" She couldn't believe she was saying these things, but it was better than him just looking down on her while she was still wearing the evidence of her transgressions on her body.
"Even if I did, that doesn't change anything. This is fucked up." He said with a snapping tone.
"Fine don't admit it. Don't admit that we both fucked up. That we're fucked up."
"Is that what you want to hear? That we are fucked up? That we have been for a while? Is that really what you want?"
"It's better than living silently in denial." She was livid. Jen went from being overwhelmed with guilt to screaming things she didn't know were built up inside her.
"I guess you're right then," Jon said as he walked toward the door. "You win. We're fucked."
He left into the darkness and Jen collapsed into the bed, crying her eyes out into the pillow.
32. Adam
Adam awoke before the sun rose, something that seldom happened. At least not without the assistance of an alarm or the threat of being late to school.
Going back to sleep felt like a waste of one of his last days here. As he got up, he noticed a note left for him on top of his laptop.
Up for another hike? Meet me out in the woods when you wake up...you know where to find me.
Ashley
His mind raced with exciting thoughts. Adam could hardly believe she wanted to hike with him again after what happened on the last hike. Maybe she wanted to see if he made any progress. Maybe she wanted to take things further? Maybe she wanted it to be strictly platonic and just end the summer on a high note.
It was impossible to tell what the reason was, but he knew he was not going to miss this for the world.
Besides everything going on with Ashley, an early morning, rejuvenating hike to sounded exactly like what he needed to snap him out of the funk he'd been in.
He quickly got dressed and headed out to meet up with Ashley. He had a feeling he knew where she was referring to for the meetup spot, but there was only one way to know for sure.
It was amazing the things he noticed when he didn't have Ashley's butt in front of him to distract his attention. The air was crisper than he remembered. The subtle sounds of birds singing and the wind rustling through the canopy made for a serene backdrop to a perfect morning hike. It was a shame he was only appreciating his surroundings so late in the summer.
Adam approached the tree where he and Ashley first shared a pee break. He could vividly remember her squatting on the other side while he was practically too hard to go himself. But Ashley wasn't here now, and in a lot of ways, he wanted a do-over for their original hike. Make everything that was once awkward now seem smooth.
He lowered his shorts and pulled out his flaccid, but still blood-filled penis and aimed at the tree. His stream started almost instantly, unlike last time where he stood there with an erection for what felt like hours before going.
The sound of urine splashing on the tree was much louder than he remembered, and frankly, it was a relief, in more ways than one, that he was able to go so freely. He aimed his stream from side to side on the tree and all the way up, chest high and then tried for even higher.
"Wish I could do that," an unfamiliar voice called out.
Adam spun around and nearly peed on the girl standing there. "Oh my god, I'm so sorry. I didn't know anyone was here."
She was staring at his penis that was still going but now aiming at the ground.
"Gah!" He screeched. "I'm sorry again. I wasn't trying to flash you," and he turned around to finish peeing.
The girl awkwardly walked to his side and watched fascinated as his stream died down, and he shook off the drops before tucking it back in his shorts.
Adam was a bit surprised this strange girl was watching all of this but didn't say anything until he was decent again.
"I'm Adam," he said softly, just to fill the awkward silence if nothing else.
"I'm Natalie," she said back, just as sheepishly.
"I'd shake your hand, but I just peed," he said. "As you obviously just saw." He blushed.
"Sorry about that. I didn't mean to stare," she looked and the ground and back up at Adam. "That was the first one I ever saw."
Adam's heart skipped a beat. He had never been a girl's first anything before. "It's alright," he said with a hint of confidence he hadn't heard in his voice before. "I certainly know what it's like to be curious."
They both blushed and started to wander off together. Everything happened so organically it was hard to believe. As they hiked together, they learned they were nearly the same age by close to only a few days, they were both going into their senior year, and the unsaid thing was they were both equally nervous and inexperienced talking to the opposite sex.
She was a mousy little thing, not nearly the confident goddess Ashley was. But Adam liked that. He adored it.
"What's that sound?" Natalie asked as they approached the hidden waterfall.
"I'll show you," Adam's eyes lit up and took her hand. They traipsed around the rocks and trees along an unmarked path to find the hidden cove.
Her breath was nearly taken away. "I had no idea this was here. I've been living in this town my whole life. How did I not know?"
"Sometimes a little curiosity will take you to some amazing places," he said and inched his way over to her.
"It's beautiful," she said and leaned into him until he put his arm around her. "Have you been here before?"
"Once," Adam said and left out embarrassing details about cumming on his cousin. "It was an interesting experience."
She looked at the ground.
"But not as interesting as this experience," he added and noted her smile.
They sat on the rocky ledge that overlooked the flowing water. Neither one saying a word, but still connecting. Growing closer to one another.
Adam rubbed her shoulder and couldn't believe he had his arm around this girl he just met. He had to adjust his legs so she wouldn't notice his erection that was growing down his thigh.
"Do you want to go for a dip?" She asked nervously.
"I didn't bring my bathing suit," he said sheepishly, knowing that didn't stop him last time.
"Me either," she shrugged and said nervously. "We could go in our underwear...?"
Adam blushed. He really, really wanted to but did want to her to see how hard he was even through his boxers. Or worse yet, he didn't want to accidentally cum on her.
He looked over and her soft, puppy dog eyes were the opposite of intimidating. They were warm and inviting and kind. Instincts he didn't even know he had kicked in as he leaned over and kissed her.
She seemed startled but closed her eyes and kissed back. His hand held her cheek as their lips lightly parted, feeling her tongue on his.
They must have made out for ten minutes, or maybe twenty, he lost all track of time. His hand slid down her arm and his heart was beating out of his chest, as he felt the curves of her breasts over her shirt.
He stopped almost instantly. "I'm sorry, is this okay?" He asked, trying to be a gentleman as he caressed her breasts.
She blushed and nodded quickly, returning to their kiss as Adam explored her chest with gentle curiosity. Her hands stayed above his waist, which only made him harder.
Natalie pulled away and stood up. Adam watched as she lifted her shirt over her head, revealing a pink bra and slid her shorts down to the ground. She had on matching pink panties.
Adam gulped and stood up, awkwardly leaning forward trying to hide his bulge. They kissed again and he pulled her in closer. Her arms wrapped around his upper back and neck while his wrapped around her waist. Lightly, his hands slid down to her ass over her panties.
He thought he was going to erupt on the spot, but he tightened every pelvic muscle he had and staved off the need to follow through.
She broke away again and ran over to the water, jumping in off the shallow ledge. Adam was left standing and still completely dressed.
"You coming?" She asked from the water.
Adam blushed. This felt all too familiar, and yet completely different. He threw his shirt to the side and slid off his shorts. Now standing there in just his boxers with his erection poking out like a sideways Christmas tree.
There was no denying it, he was super embarrassed but thought back to everything Ashley taught him. Sometimes you just have to be brave and take the leap. He lowered his boxers and his erection sprung free.
Her eyebrows shot up and she couldn't hide her smile. Adam jumped in after her, and the cool water tingled every inch of his skin. She swam closer and they treaded water together until they found shallower ground to stand on.
She kept looking downward at Adam through the nearly clear water to see what was hidden below. It was a rush for both of them. She stepped closer and smiled up at him.
Her hard nipples were practically visible through her soaked bra. His hands explored her upper back and fumbled with her clasp. She chuckled and reached behind, almost magically unhooking her bra with no effort.
"Sorry, I normally don't have any trouble taking off bras." He had no clue why he said that.
"I think it's pretty clear you've never taken a bra off before," Natalie said as she slid the freed straps over shoulders and down her arms, keeping her breasts covered for as long as she could until she let it fall. "Don't worry, it's pretty clear no one's ever taken my bra off before, either," she said as her dark pink nipples came into view. "This is just as new to me as it is to you," her eyes were glued to Adam's reaction as his face lit up upon seeing her bare breasts.
He couldn't help himself and soon found his hands exploring her boobs. They were slightly bigger than a handful and were about the nicest thing he'd ever felt. She lightly giggled as he buried his face in her cleavage, kissing wildly. His mouth sucked hungrily on one nipple while his other hand caressed and grabbed the other.
Her hardened nipples felt amazing in his mouth. She gasped as his tongue licked all around her areola, kissing the underside of her boob. He got lost in them, feeling her warm flesh all around his face.
Adam took her hand and they made their way over to the spot behind the waterfall, the spot where things got crazy with Ashley. He tried to put that out of his mind, but the occasional image of cumming on his cousin popped into his head, only to be replaced by a more relevant fantasy happening right in front of him.
They continued to kiss, and he felt her hand slide down his belly, over his curly hair as she took hold of his shaft. Adam tried his best to play it cool and did the same, sliding his hand down her belly into her panties. The unfamiliar feeling of her coarse hair on his fingers made his heart speed up as he slid lower, exploring her intimate slit.
She gasped just as much as he did, and her movements stopped as he lowered her panties. He fell to his knees and looked at the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. Her matted hair outlined the sides of her pussy and he slid his nose over the center of her slit. He kissed her clit before licking it and quickly slid in his fingers while he did so. Steadily, he fingered her while his mouth hovered over her button, licking from side to side.
A sharp sensation of fingernails digging into his shoulders broke his trance, as he realized she was on the brink. He licked faster and faster, and she trembled holding his face close to steady herself as she shook.
He continued to lick until she had to pull him off. "That was, that was..." she gasped out of breath. "That was incredible."
Incredible?He couldn't believe it.
"I didn't know you were so..." she started and was almost afraid to say it.
"I'm not. Not at all. I just couldn't help myself," Adam said, realizing she somehow thought he was more experienced than he was. Perhaps his years of porn watching did have some benefit after all, as all he did was try to repeat what he saw.
Natalie took his shaft in her hands and lightly stroked. She looked a little intimidated as she lowered herself right in front of him. "I really don't know what I'm doing," she said as she slid her tongue around his tip, before softly sliding it in her mouth.
It was hard to believe that the last time he was standing here in this exact spot, he was cumming without touching himself, and now this girl he hardly knew was actually sucking on his penis and somehow, he wasn't cumming right away. What she was doing felt amazing, but still slightly different than what he expected. It wasn't a fluid and constant pressure on the right spots, but rather a mix of a great tease followed by attention to unnecessary areas. It was as if it was nature's way of pairing inexperienced people to balance each other out.
Had either one of them had any more experience, they'd probably be disappointed with the other. But for the two of them, it was perfect. Her experience seemed to catch up in a hurry, simply by repeating things that made him react and moan. Her mouth slid up and down his shaft and now Adam knew he wouldn't last much longer.
He gasped as she took him in deeper, her tongue sliding along the underside of his shaft. Adam steadied himself, holding her shoulder. When she cupped his balls, he practically erupted on the spot. Pulsing over and over in her mouth while she kept him in as deep as she could. He stood there shaking as she slid his glistening shaft out of her mouth. Natalie's chin was coated with dripping cum and she swept it up with a finger, bringing it to her mouth.
"Mmm..." She moaned as she swallowed his remaining drips with her eyes closed.
"You like how I taste?" It was a genuine question, as he thought it was something girls only did begrudgingly in videos.
"I do," she nodded. "It wasn't how I expected it would taste, but I liked it."
He understood that completely. Almost every part of this was not how he expected it. It wasn't as perfect or as flashy as the videos he often watched, but it was real. It was better.
They cuddled up along the edge of the rocky ledge overlooking the waterfall, gently rubbing each other's arms and occasionally kissing each other on the forehead or shoulder.
"I'm really going to have to thank Ashley for this," Natalie said.
"What are you talking about? Who...wait, why?" She couldn't possibly be talking about the same Ashley...?Shit! Ashley!He had completely forgotten about her and her note to meet up.
"Oh Ashley, she's just this girl I met at my mom's gym. We've been chatting over the last few weeks. She told me I might have a surprising amount of fun if I hiked here." She raised her eyebrows suggestively. "She was right."
"Your mom owns a gym?"
Natalie nodded. "Heather's Health and Wellness."
Adam's face went pale. "And your dad is an art teacher?"
"Yes, how did you know that?"
"It's a long, long story," Adam smiled and couldn't believe Ashley set him up to meet this girl.She is something,he thought,they both are.
"Someday I'd like to hear it," she said, enjoying the comforting cuddle.
That comment opened up a whole new slew of thoughts. "My family is leaving soon. I'm not sure we'll..."
The idea alone made him too sad to finish the statement.
"Oh," Natalie said softly. "I understand."
"We live pretty far away from here, but maybe we could chat online at nights and stay in touch?" His eyes widened, "and it's not impossible for me to take a road trip up here on a weekend here and there."
She blushed. "I'd like that. But we can take it slow."
He realized he barely knew anything about this girl and was already planning future road trips in his head. "Slow is good," he said as he cupped her breast and held her close.
She let out a soft sigh as her nipple hardened from his touch. "Hopefully not too slow," she giggled, and he pinched her nipple playfully.
The day went on and they enjoyed each other's embrace before getting dressed and heading back to reality.
"This is me," Natalie said as they came to the fork in the dirt path.
"Right," Adam didn't know what to say. He hoped this wasn't goodbye, but in a way it was. Goodbye to a lot of things about his old self.
They exchanged contact info and looked at each other one last time.
"Promise you'll text me and chat online?" She asked.
"I'm looking forward to it." He found it a bit amazing she even had to ask. All he wanted was to talk to her more, and still, she was the one who asked that. Maybe he gave off more confidence than he originally thought. Doubtful, but maybe others are just as insecure as he was.
They kissed goodbye a few more times and finally parted. Adam began his long walk home and was giddy with the look of a boy who just had his dreams come true.
His mind kept returning to what Natalie said about thanking Ashley. He still found it hard to believe this was all part of some master plan conjured up by Ashley. He honestly didn't care and was just glad it happened. He too thought he owed Ashley a thank you and went up to her loft as soon as he got home.
"Ashley!" He called out.
For a moment he wondered if he'd see her butt sticking out from a short T-shirt again, but he no longer cared as much. Not that he would turn down seeing a nice ass, but it just didn't have the same appeal as it once did. And for that, he was glad.
"Hey, Ashley! Guess what...?" He called out to an empty loft. There was no sign of Ashley anywhere. No dirty panties or bras lying around on the floor. No crumpled-up notes of story outlines. Not a single trace of Ashley remained.Did she leave without saying goodbye? No that's not possible. She wouldn't do that after all we shared.
He actually couldn't remember when he last saw her. "Mom? Dad?" Adam ran downstairs to find out what was going on. "Mom? Dad? Hello?" No one was around.
"Lexie?" He knew he was desperate if he was calling for his sister, but still, no one responded.
Defeated and confused he went up to his room. There on his bed was a new note on top of a small, neatly wrapped package.
The outside of the note had his name written in cursive. He was afraid of what this letter might say but couldn't wait any longer to find out.
Dear Adam,
I want to thank you for a lovely summer together. I'll always cherish the time we spent together and can only hope I in some way helped you along in your journey. Although, I fear I may have only muddied the water.
You've seen me at some of my most vulnerable times. I wanted to see those moments. As I tried to show you, all women are goddesses, but I truly hope you understand they are also real people who are probably not worth putting on a pedestal.
If you are just now returning from a hike, I hope you had a chance to meet my friend Natalie. I thought you two might get along. I look forward to hearing all about it someday.
Before you start thinking I'm this wonderful person who set you up with a great girl, you should know not only am I a real person, but I'm a person with flaws and faults and selfish tendencies. Worse, I'm a person capable of hurting others and betraying the trust they put in me.
I couldn't bear to say goodbye to you in person, or anyone in your family, and you will soon know why.
There is a package that goes along with this letter. Please know, I could not have done this without you. For that, I am both eternally grateful and forever sorry.
Love always,
Ashley
Adam could barely believe what he was reading and ripped off the wrapping paper. In his hands, he held a brand new, hardcover book. There was a picture of a woman looking over her shoulder with only a glimpse of her face that was visible. She was in the process of removing her robe, holding it slightly below her hips revealing just a hint of her crack. It was enough to pull you in while still not showing too much.
Over a dark background, in bright, bold silver letters it read:
S.O.S. Summer of Secrets
A Family's Secret Cry for Help.
Oh shit.
33. Jon
It was finally packing day and the whole family stayed tucked away in their different corners of the house. He hadn't been able to even think about packing after the note Ashley left him. He supposed he deserved much worse than what she wrote, but the part that truly concerned him was the book.
He spent the better part of the day hidden from the world, flying through the horrific pages of revealing text. It wasn't supposed to be a horror story, but he found it terrifying because it was real, and the truths included scared him to his core.
Jon was shocked to read the various storylines of the four main characters. Though the names were changed, there was no doubt it was their family.
He had no idea how much of the events for the other family members truly happened but based on how accurate the chapters were about him, he had a feeling theirs couldn't be too far off base.
But there was plenty of time to dwell on that later. Now they needed to load up the car and head out. Adam was nice enough to assist with the heavy lifting, schlepping the suitcases down the stairs.
All four of them got into the car and stared back at the house. So much had happened on this trip.Too much.
"Everyone got everything?" Jon asked and realized those were the first words uttered in the last few hours. No one replied and he started to drive off.
The house disappeared in the rearview mirror as they drove away over the noisy gravel road. Judging by the painfully awkward silence, he imagined they each received an advanced copy of the novel as well most likely with their own personal handwritten note included. He could only imagine what words of wisdom she left them.
But there was no way to tell without bringing up the subject, which clearly none of them were ready for that.
As Jon drove, he contemplated all the things the four of them experienced this summer as told through Ashley's words in the book. His son who nearly hooked up with his cousin and had a bizarre bathroom fetish. His bisexual daughter who lost her virginity in a threesome. His wife who was willingly seduced, tied up and slept another man.
And the part that was the hardest to read, his own story of a man who wanted to be seen naked by everyone in the world but the woman who mattered most to him. The character slept with another woman while an audience of strangers watched. It didn't seem like it could remotely be him, yet he recalled vividly all of those moments. Doing all of those hurtful things.
Perhaps the worst part of all it, was now all of their secrets were laid bare for the world to see. Their transgressions and infidelity immortalized for centuries to come. There was no denying it. No living in ignorant bliss. Nothing to hide. It was all out there for whoever wanted to know.How could Ashley have done that to us?
They pulled up to a rest stop. "Last chance to use the restroom for several hundred miles. If you gotta go, speak now or forever hold your pee," Jon said, and the joke fell on deaf ears as the kids got out of the car.
"You coming?" Jen asked.
"I think I'll stay here," Jon said softly. She nodded and headed off to the restroom.
Those were the first words they had spoken to each other since their big blow up the other night. Things were so different then, and he wondered if there is any getting past this.
Jon pulled out the infamous book and turned to the last page to reread the final passage.
That's the thing about secrets. They're never secret. Whether or not someone knows what you're hiding, it always shows. It weighs on you and it's clear to everyone. Everyone but yourself.
Some trips are worth taking even if they take you somewhere you didn't expect to go. Every trip changes us, little by little until we no longer are the person we once were.
No matter how good or bad, all trips must come to an end. You can return to your house, but sometimes there is no going home. Not to the home you once knew and loved and were comfortable in. No. With every meaningful trip, you must decide how it ends. And how you want to begin again.
The painful realization set in. None of this was Ashley's fault. She simply called attention to something they were all ignoring.
Jon wiped away a tear.God fucking damn it!He screamed in his head. Perhaps Ashley was right. There is no going home. At least not to the home he once knew. The question was how would they move forward.If they would move forward.
Soon, the kids got back into the car and Jen was close behind. When she shut her door, Jon looked at each of them and reflected on how much they've all changed. How muchhechanged.
He was glad Adam was growing up and finding his confidence in a world that won't hesitate to tear you down.
He was glad Lexie learned more about herself in a safe environment before she went off to college. A world of discovery awaited her, and she was finally ready to deal with it maturely.
Jon looked at Jen, his beautiful wife. They locked eyes and he saw a lifetime of shared experiences and a world of secrets between them. Secrets that they both somehow had always known. Perhaps it was better that it was finally out in the open. Maybe it didn't need to be a deep, dark secret that ate away at them until they acted on it. They were stronger than that and for the first time in a while, they smiled at each other.
He took her hand in his and kissed the back of it. "I love you," he said sincerely.
Jen nearly teared up. "I love you, too." She mouthed the words, "more than you know."
Jon let out a deep sigh and started the car. Ashley was right; this was the moment where they needed to decide how they would move forward, and how they would begin again. More open, more accepting, and more loving.
"Let's go home, kids," he said looking at his family. Jon next smiled at Jen and kissed her hand once more.
"Let's go home."
The end.
Author's Note: Thank you again to all who helped make this story possible. If you made it this far, I truly hope you enjoyed this tale and hope you will consider voting for it. As always, I love hearing from you. Please feel free to leave a comment or reach out to me personally.
Thank you!