As he sat on the balcony reading the latest effort by James Patterson, he heard the door to the pool are squeak open and bang shut a moment later. The gate to the fenced in pool area was opened and the latch re-locked itself with a quiet click. The windows in his living room faced the parking garage rooftop of the building and his balcony overlooked the pool area.
"Great day to use the pool," he thought to himself. And it was. The afternoon was turning out to be one of those summer time experiences most people in this climate live for. Hot and sunny with a cloudless bright blue sky and not even a breeze to disturb the air. The kind of day where it seems nothing in the world can go wrong and the kind of day you just never want to let the sun go down on.
He settled back to his novel and then he heard someone passing by near to where he sat and then he could smell it. The coconut scent of her tanning oil that she always wore. He closed his novel and placed it on the table beside him, stood up and carefully moved over to the back corner of the balcony. He did not want her to see him so that he could observe her without her knowing of his presence.
She had been coming to the pool regularly all summer but most times she was not alone. The pool had been particularly busy this season due to the incredible weather the city had been blessed with so far this summer. She would come, take a quick swim and lie in the sun for about half an hour and then disappear again. He could almost feel her annoyance at the number of people and the level of noise she had to put up with, but today that would not be an issue. He felt almost giddy with excitement at the thought that she might actually linger a bit longer this time and he held his breath as he stared at her and took all of her in.
She was almost directly across from his vantage point right now. She had placed her towel and other personal items on one of the long wooden benches that were scattered along the fence that surrounded the pool and was dipping the toes of one foot in the water, presumably to test its temperature. Satisfied, she moved back to the bench and started to remove the clothing covering her swimsuit. She had worn a short cotton sundress to the pool over her swimsuit and as she untied it, he could make out the black strings tied around her neck.
"Black?" he thought, "She usually wears a white bathing suit.". This one must be new! He was further excited by the possibility of seeing her in a new suit without any one else around to distract him from his thoughts and the vision of her. He even allowed himself a quick fantasy that she had bought and worn the suit just for him, knowing that she would be alone up here and that he would be watching. Snapping out of his daydream, he turned his full attention back to her.
She pulled the top of the dress down and slid it off her hips until it rested in a pile on the concrete decking of pool around her feet. She bent over, picked it up and tossed it carelessly over her shoulder onto the bench. He covered his mouth to quiet a gasp that escaped from his mouth as he gawked at her fully revealed to him now.
She indeed had on a new suit that he had never seen before. It was a black string bikini and the sight of her in it made him rock hard. The two triangles of the top covered her breasts but still gave the viewer an idea as to their shape and the triangle of the bottom part of the bikini hugged her pussy tightly while the elastic pieces that made up the sides rested along her hips. As she turned her back to him to remove her sunglasses and place them on the bench, he had to hold back another gasp of surprise. The back of the bottom half of her suit was non-existent! The elastics strips met at the back of the suit and were attached to a small triangle of black fabric that rested above the crack of her ass and as she bent over a bit, he could see another elastic piece that slid between her ass cheeks to join up with the front part of the suit. It was not the usual bikini bottom, it wasn't even a thong – it was a g-string and his cock threatened to rip the crotch right out of his jeans at this realization. He leaned back against the wall and tried to calm his heart and thoughts as he watched her walk over to the steps of the pool and slowly start to climb into the water.
She walked down the steps and the water slowly slid up her body as he marveled at how gracefully she moved and how at ease with herself she seemed. The water rose up over her body and as it reached her waist, she paused. He could tell from the way her nipples were now causing hard peaks in the fabric of the swimsuit that the cool water was a shock to her sun warmed skin. She rubbed some water on her arms and then allowed her wet hand to drip and rub water across her neck and chest in an effort to adjust her skin to the change in temperature. She took some further steps in and then suddenly, was gone from his view.
He came out of the shadows and peered over the balcony's edge. She had submerged herself and was gliding beneath the surface to the far end of the pool. Just before she reached the back end of the pool, she came up for air and treaded water for a few minutes to get her bearings. He was amazed at his luck once again as he watched her swim and float around the totally empty pool for awhile. Here he was on this perfect July day, able to watch her totally uninhibited in the way he had been dreaming about since he first saw her.
She had swum back over to the steps of the pool and was preparing to exit the pool. He watched her adjust her suit under the water before standing up and smiled to himself at her modesty which seemed ironic considering the size of the scraps of fabric barely covering her. As she slowly walked up the steps of the pool, her hands trailing behind her in the water, his cock grew hard once again and his lust for her grew.
The material of the bikini was unlined and so thin that, once wet, it clung to every curve of her breasts and pussy. He could see her hard nipples clearly and the line between her pussy lips where the dripping strip between her legs pressed. The wet material was plastered to her skin such that she appeared to be naked save for some slick, black oil that had been strategically painted on her body.
"Man, she is so beautiful, so perfect," he thought. "What I wouldn't give......" The sun bounced and popped off the beads of water that glistened on her oiled skin. She was tanned but only enough to produce a healthy glow to her usually alabaster skin. He could see her lips also looked wet and shiny and knew that she had on the glassy lipgloss she seemed to favour in the summer and he wondered if it was scented and what it would taste like if he were to run his tongue over her lips before sucking them into his mouth. Her hair was also black and short. The water had molded it to her head and although he usually preferred long hair on women, he had to admit that this woman could wear her hair any way and still attract attention. The short style gave her a rebellious air and individuality that he admired. It also enabled her long, elegant neck to be exposed at all times and he allowed himself another brief daydream about his hands closing around it, feeling the soft warmth of it, as he kissed her. She also had tattoos on her body and he had noticed that her toenails and fingernails were always painted. This woman really took care of her appearance and seemed to be aware of every nuance that it could convey to others, no matter how subtle or obvious, and this sense of self-awareness and deliberate intention revealed a part of who she was that violently aroused him like nothing else he had ever known before.
She had wrapped her towel around herself, collected her things from the bench and was walking towards the outdoor showers near the gate at the entrance to the pool. Once there, she removed her towel and placed it with everything else on the grass near the edge of the shower area and turned on one of the showerheads.
He could hear the beat of the water from the shower pounding on the concrete but he could not see her anymore. He moved over to the end of his balcony where he had a better view but realized that there was a possibility that she might see him from where she was. He stood very still and tried to stay in the shade of the balcony and prayed that he could continue to watch her for as long as possible unobserved.
She was standing facing the water coursing over her body and had her eyes closed with her face raised to the sun overhead. She looked totally relaxed and a small smile played on her lips as she enjoyed the warm water after the coolness of the pool. She turned and with her back to the shower, looked around for a minute as if ensuring that she was still indeed alone. He swiftly lowered himself to a crouch and hoped with all his being that she hadn't seen him. He waited for a minute but still heard the water running so he assumed she was still there and that he hadn't been spotted.
He carefully and agonizingly slowly raised himself back up to standing and looked back in the direction of the shower area. This time he could not hold back his quick intake of breath. She was now completely naked and had begun to soap her skin to remove the traces of chlorine from the pool! He could not take his eyes off of her any more than he could stop his hand from reaching down and freeing his cock from his jeans.
Even though he had seen her in bathing suits, seeing her now fully naked before him, she was even more perfectly formed than he had imagined. Her breasts were small but their shape was just as he had expected. Round with a fullness to them and her nipples were rock hard and so pink from the water spray. Her arms and legs were long and fluid and her tiny waist ever so gently flowed into the curve of her hips. He looked between her legs and saw one of the nicest pussies he had ever seen. It was just the right shape and the outer lips concealed her inner most core like a precious flower. She had removed all hair from it and he imagined what it might be like to feel its silky smoothness rubbing on the head of his cock before he plunged into her, what it might feel like to run his tongue over it's bald surface before tasting her insides. His cock jumped in his hand at these thoughts and he stroked himself with long, solid movements as he continued to watch her.
She had extracted some soap from the wall-mounted dispenser and had begun to wash her body. She rubbed her arms and legs and he watched the soap bubbles slide and pop on her skin before being rinsed away down the drain. She gave her back and stomach a once over as well and then placing some soap in her hands she rubbed them together and proceeded to attend to her breasts. Her hands and fingers cupped and circled them as she stood under the spray and occasionally she allowed her thumb to graze across her hard nipples. She had tilted her head back slightly at this point and her mouth was parted in seeming enjoyment of her body and the sensations she was creating.
His breathing was becoming more laboured and his cock was enjoying every stroke he gave it more and more. He could feel himself edging closer and closer to the edge of release but he wanted to draw it out as long as he could. After all, he might not get this opportunity again and he wanted to make it last.
He watched in awe as she placed her hand between her legs and proceeded to stroke herself with soapy fingers. She now had her head thrown right back and was pinching one of her nipples with her free hand as the fingers on her other hand rubbed and manipulated her pussy. He could see her start to concentrate in one area and knew that she had found her clit. As she continued to pleasure herself, his hand kept up its worm on his now throbbing cock. Watching her like that, seeing her fulfill some of his fantasies in ways he had never imagined he would experience, he could wait no longer. Just as he started to feel the swell and build up of his cum, he heard a soft moan come from her and with that, his hot juice spurted out of his cock to splatter on the floor of the balcony. He pumped himself until he was spent and he leaned against the wall for support while he tried to catch his breath.
Opening his eyes, he startled and jumped. Across the pool area, she was standing near the gate of the fence staring at him with gleaming eyes. She had seen him! He could do nothing but stare back at her and wait to see what would happen next, still conscious of the fact that his now limp cock was still exposed but unable to bring himself to move and stuff it back in his pants away from those eyes.
"Had she known of his presence all along?" he wondered. "Was she mad, disgusted or maybe, hope beyond hope, a little bit pleased?"
She was now wrapped in her towel with her wet suit crumpled in her hand and as she turned to open the gate and leave the pool area, she looked back over her shoulder at him and gave him a sly, sexy smile and called out to him,
"Same time tomorrow?" and with a throaty chuckle she slipped out of the fence, disappeared through the rooftop door into the building and was gone.