A story inspired, in its own way, by the Honeymoon Suite song, "New Girl Now."
I got a new girl nowAnd she's a lot like you
*****
Dear Mandy,
I'm sorry it's taken me so long to return these last few things to you. Some of these things we shared I couldn't bear to let go of until now. Like that fuzzy pink teddy bear I won for you at that county fair we went to three years ago. Or that small music box I bought for you when I went on that business trip to Paris.
You'll find that everything of yours that you left at my place is in this box, along with this letter and a DVD. You may be wondering what the DVD is. I'll get to that in a moment.
You may be interested to know that I finally moved on and found myself a new girlfriend. She's a really spectacular girl. In a way, you and her have a lot in common: a lot of the same tastes in clothing, in music, movies. My friends (especially Sam and Jake) have worried that I haven't gotten over you yet. I told them to chill, but you know how they can be (and you know I'm talking about Jake).
As much as you may have in common, there are a lot of differences between you and my girlfriend. A LOT! She's, well, how shall I say it, a lot more open-minded about sex than you were. I haven't found anything yet she's unwilling to try.
My girlfriend is always willing to wear lingerie. It doesn't matter if it's from Victoria's Secret, or Frederick's of Hollywood, or even that porn shop you said you despised. She's got such a great body that any sort of lingerie looks good on her. She's even tried some on in Victoria's Secret and come out of the changing room just for me to look at, in plain view of everyone else in the store. I get a certain sense of pride when she does that, and I look around and see husbands or boyfriends with their wives or girlfriends, and they're staring at my girl. I'm willing to go so far as to say that some of the wives and girlfriends were staring at her as well. When she comes out in one of those push-up bras, and she's showing off all that cleavage, I want to tell her to get on her knees, whip my dick out, and come on her tits right there in the store and let them take me to jail, I wouldn't care.
Last year, it was near Christmas, and she and I had gone to the shopping mall together. It was really warm as I recall, and she wore this really tight shirt that showed off her midriff and a loose little skirt with lots of pleats to it, kind of like a cheerleader's skirt, and black pantyhose. We were just walking around the mall, wasting time, listening to the cheesy Muzak versions of Christmas carols, when we came upon the place where they had their Christmas tree decorated. She confused me when she said she wanted her picture taken with the tree in the background. When I asked her why, she said that she wanted to use the picture for her Christmas cards next year.
I shrugged my shoulders and got my digital camera out. I stepped back a reasonable distance and pulled my lens back far enough that I got what I thought was a good amount of the Christmas tree in the background. Looking through the LCD screen on the back, I thought I could make out Santa Claus near the tree, waiting for some children to show up. My attention was drawn back to my girlfriend as she tilted her hips and placed her hand on her hip in mock exasperation. I snapped off a few pictures of her in a good pose, though I will admit to thinking that her choice in clothing may have been a bit too risqué for a Christmas card.
I was still looking through the screen when I saw her hands stray to the hem of her skirt. My breath caught for a moment, and my dick lurched in my pants as I watched her lift her skirt, inch by slow, slow inch. I let my breath out slowly when I noticed she was wearing thigh-highs (and you know how much I love thigh-high stockings). My mouth got dry, and I swallowed a few times quickly to try and get some moisture back into it. She kept raising her skirt up in the front, and I could see the unblemished skin of her upper legs. I was taking pictures as quickly as I could, imagining seeing them on my computer afterwards.
From behind me, I heard a guy say, "Holy shit, would you look at that!" I turned around while taking a picture (and knew that the movement screwed the picture up), I saw a group of five guys, who probably football players, from the local college. All of them were staring at my girlfriend. I looked back at her, first with my own eyes, then through the camera screen. She had raised her skirt up fully, and was showing off her shaved pussy. She had decided to not even wear panties that day. I kept snapping off picture after picture. I could almost imagine her pussy getting wet just by exposing herself like that in public. One of the guys walked up to me and asked me if he could have his picture taken with her, posed just the way she was. I didn't know what to say, but she looked at me and just nodded her head yes. I was so turned on that I was barely able to manage to groan out the word, "Yes." He strutted forward and had this shit-eating grin on his face as he walked up to my girlfriend's left side and put his right arm around her back. He smiled to his buddies as I took a couple of pictures with him by my girlfriend with her skirt lifted up showing off her pussy. I lowered my camera to let him know I was done. She dropped her skirt down and flattened it out. As he walked by me, he told me his e-mail address and said that he wanted me to send him some copies of the pictures I took. I mumbled to him that I would do so and turned my camera off.
The college boys took off and my girlfriend walked up to me. She wrapped her arms around my neck and gave me one of the best kisses of my life. I could feel her squirm against my hard dick. She clearly enjoyed being able to affect me like that. When I asked her why she had decided to do that, she said that she had noticed the college boys following us around the mall. She had come up with the idea of pictures for a Christmas card as a ruse to get me to take the pictures and get the boys to stop. She wanted to give the boys a moment they'd never forget. She knew they'd all go crazy over her showing off her pussy in the mall, and they did. And I did. She told me that the boy who had his picture taken with her and put his hand underneath her skirt and grabbed her ass while I was taking the picture. That night, I transferred all the pictures I took onto my computer. We looked at them again, got amazingly horny, and fucked all night.
*****
I have to admit that I'm curious if you're still reading this letter, or if you've balled it up and tossed it in the garbage. I'm betting you're still reading. You're curious about the DVD, but you're afraid of what may be on it. Reading this letter is stalling for time, so you don't have to look at the DVD yet.
And also, I bet you didn't know that I knew about your secret porn stash. All those magazines that had letters in them, or your erotica books, they weren't so secret any more. You tried to keep them hidden from me, but I found them one day. Actually, it was the one Saturday I decided to clean the house when you were at a business meeting. Though with what happened between us, I'm not so sure it was a meeting about "business." So I think you're still reading because you're more turned on now by reading about what I'm doing with my new girlfriend than you ever were when you were with me. Then again, I could be wrong.
In case you hadn't figured it out yet, my girlfriend is quite the exhibitionist. Here's just one instance of something she's willing to do that you never were. You remember that really crappy movie that I took you to years ago? And how I told you that they only reason I wanted to take you to it was that I wanted you to go down on me during the movie? Well, you'll remember that you never did. But she did.
*****
We recently went to a bad sci-fi movie. The movie was terrible I tell you. I swear you could see strings moving some of the robots around like marionettes. Anyway, she and I sat down just after the credits ended in the middle of a row of seats, dead center of the screen. I had worn that nice leather jacket you gave me two years ago for Christmas, even though it was warm enough I really didn't need it. My girlfriend wore this low-cut button-up blouse, showing off her fantastic tits. The skirt she wore was so small and tight that it rode up her thighs when she got in my car, giving me a glance at her lace panties. It really was a spectacular view.
We were about 10 minutes into the movie when she stood up, turned to face me, sat down on my lap, straddled me, and overcome with passion, crashed her lips down onto mine. My excitement kept building as we kissed, our tongues intertwined. My breath grew quick and my chest nearly started to hurt; I was getting that worked up just from her kisses. She began to slide down between my spread legs as I took my coat off. After that, I held onto her hips, causing her skirt to bunch up around her waist. My dick was already hard when she unzipped my jeans and reached into my boxers to pull it out. Looking up at me, she smiled and then started sucking on the head of my dick. I laid my coat down on her head and my lap as I enjoyed the blowjob, leaning back in my chair.
She's got a great mouth. It's so warm, and wet, and she gives me the greatest blowjobs I've ever had. Anyway, so she just sucked the first couple of inches of my dick with a great up and down motion. It wasn't too fast and it wasn't too slow. She stopped and just licked it, laving her tongue on my dick while twisting her head to the left and to the right. She did that for a few minutes before she decided that she needed more of my dick in her mouth. She worked another inch of my dick into her mouth, and held it there, letting her saliva wet it down, then she gulped down another inch, did the same thing, until I felt her nose pressing against my boxers. That's right, she deep throated me. After you were afraid to have more than three inches of my dick in your mouth, it's very nice to have someone who wants all of it (and who's willing to swallow and not have to run to the sink as soon as she can to spit it out).
Once she got me all the way into her throat, she really started giving me a blowjob. She had her hands on the armrests. Her hair was fanned out over my legs. Her knees were down on the syrupy-sticky floor. Her head was moving up and down quicker and quicker on my dick. I had lost my train of thought when I heard the door to the theater open and saw a light from the hall shine down the auditorium aisle.
For whatever reason, this guy (it was a guy who had walked in) decided to sit down in the very same row that she and I were in. At first, he hadn't noticed what she was doing to me. I was going to get her to stop what she was doing, but just then she impaled her mouth and throat on me again. She used her throat muscles to massage my dick, and I knew I couldn't stop her until I came in her mouth.
On the screen, the scene changed from night to day. I looked out of the corner of my eye and I could see that the brightness on the movie scene had drawn the attention of the guy. He stared as he watched my coat move up and down on my lap. I knew he could see my girlfriend's legs. Hell, I knew he could see her gorgeous ass, and it didn't bother me in the least.
Something about being watched sent me over the edge, as well as the blowjob she was giving. She felt my dick begin to twitch, and she shoved her mouth all the way down again just as I began to come. I felt like I had never done so before. I felt my leg muscles clenching. I was moaning loudly, and knew the man 5 seats down could hear me over the action scene in the movie. After my first spurt went down her throat, she quickly lifted her mouth off of my dick, catching my come in her mouth. I don't know how much come she swallowed, but it had to have been a lot. She lifted her head up slightly and placed my rapidly deflating dick back into my boxers, and then zipped up my jeans. She took my coat off of her head and smiled at me. I saw a thin line of my come that she hadn't swallowed yet trailing down from the corner of her mouth. I grabbed my coat to move it away, and she noticed the man staring at us. What she did next was the most amazing thing I had ever seen (up to that moment). As she was still kneeling there between my legs, she looked at the man. She maintained eye contact with him and she brought her index finger up to her mouth and used it to scoop up the last of my come. She pursed her lips, put her finger in her mouth, and licked and cleaned her finger off. She did one of those girly finger waves (where they wave each individual finger at you) to the guy and smiled at him as she got up to sit next to me. I gave her a moment to clean the gummy popcorn from her knees, and then we decided we had seen enough of the movie and we left.
I noticed some of the theater workers sitting around at the end of the concessions counter as we entered the lobby. A guy in a t-shirt and jeans was sitting there talking to another of the workers. I overheard him say, "No man, I'm telling you. She was giving him a blowjob. When they walked in, he was wearing a coat. When I went to check the movie, his coat was off. Then I noticed it sitting on his lap, and could see it moving up and down!" The guy I took to be the projectionist turned his head then and saw us walking through the lobby. He was about to say something else, but I think the shock of seeing us got to him, because he didn't say anything. He just sat there and stared at us.
*****
I'm betting you're really turned on now. Maybe you're even rubbing yourself. You're imagining this woman doing things you never think you could do. You think she's a slut, or a whore, and yet you're probably turned on by her and her actions. Just wait, I'm not done with this little story yet.
*****
One night, a few months back, my girlfriend and I decided to go out and hit a few clubs. By now, you can just picture what she's wearing. This time, it was a white button-up dress shirt to go along with a really nice black mini-skirt. She was wearing thigh-highs, but the good kind, with the line up the back of them. She wore a pair of heels with a lot of straps on them (don't ask me to describe them further; you know how I never understood the female thing for shoes). She had pulled her hair up into a neat little pile on her head, and she decided to wear a really stylish pair of dark-rimmed glasses. She looked like the perfect, most fuckable executive secretary ever.
When we got to the first club we intended to go to that night, I noticed that just about every man there was looking at her. I put my left hand on her lower back to guide her to the bar, and to let all the men know that she was with me. After I had ordered a Long Island Iced Tea for me, and an Amaretto Sour for her, I looked down at the end of the bar and saw my friend Tim there. You remember Tim right? Kind of a bookworm type? You said he'd be cute if he did a little with himself, you remember?
Well, he looked down and saw me and came over to say hello. After he did that, I introduced him to my girlfriend. He noted as well how much she reminded him of you. I knew that he wasn't the type who normally went to clubs downtown, so I asked him what he was doing there. He told me that it was his birthday and hadn't felt like spending it at home. I felt like a total ass for forgetting his birthday. To make up for that, I told him I'd be buying his drinks for the rest of the night.
That seemed to pick him up, and proceeded to down the drink he had, and ordered another Lagavulin. After spending some time catching up with him, I realized I had been forgetting my girlfriend. I looked at her and noticed that she was looking out at the dance floor. I leaned over to her and asked her over the noise of the music if she wanted to dance. She just nodded that she did. I told her to take Tim out there with her and give him a good birthday dance. She just smiled at me and licked her lips.
My girlfriend moved around me and took Tim's hand. He seemed genuinely surprised by her walking over to him. I took his drink out of his hand and placed it on the bar. I leaned into him and told him that another part of my penance for forgetting his birthday was a chance to dance with my girlfriend. He looked at her and I could tell he was really excited by the prospect. He glanced back at me and smiled as she led him to the dance floor.
When they were gone, I asked the bartender how many drinks Tim had had before we got there, and he said that he wasn't certain, but he thought it was at least 6, if not more. I thought for a moment and realized I had never known Tim to drink that much. I looked out onto the dance floor and noticed that I couldn't see them. I stood up from my stool and took a couple of steps to my left, to where I could see them.
My girlfriend was amazing to look at. She had her back to Tim, she was bent over and her chest was thrust away, and her ass was the only thing touching him. She was grinding her ass against his crotch while she was running her hands through her hair, which had begun falling out of the pins she had used to set it. Through the kaleidoscope of colors the multitude of lights was shining down on the dance floor, watching her was the single most erotic thing I had ever seen. She turned around and began thrusting her pelvis at Tim while he grabbed onto her ass. I could tell he was squeezing her ass and pulling her closer to him. They swayed a bit back to the side, and I could see that she was fully pressed up against him, her tits crushed against his chest. As the song was ending, while he was still holding onto her ass, Tim lifted her up and moved her to where her back was towards me. He held her there and though I couldn't quite tell, it looked to me like her neck was craned up towards him. Finally, he let go of her ass and she half-slid down his body until her feet were firmly on the dance floor again. With their dancing, her hair had fully fallen down. It looked tousled and wild, and she looked all the more beautiful for it. It was then that I realized that my dick was completely hard in my pants. Tim looked completely calm as he came off of the floor. But I realized he wasn't calm, he was just blissfully drunk.
My girlfriend walked up to me and was breathing hard. At first I thought it was the exertion of the dancing, but as she moved in to kiss me, I noticed her lipstick was already somewhat messed up. When we broke the kiss, I looked down at her and I could see that she had "the look" in her eyes. When I mean "the look," I mean the "I need someone to fuck me NOW!" look. I looked over at Tim and I could barely make out some lipstick the same color as my girlfriend's on the edge of his lower lip. He took a long drink from his Lagavulin, looked at me, and smiled. "Thanks," he said, "for the drinks and the dance. I really needed that."
I looked over at my girlfriend and she still had "the look." She gently put her hand on the back of my neck and pulled me closer to her, so that my right ear was near her mouth. I could feel her hot breath on my ear as she said matter-of-factly, "I need to be fucked, and I need to be fucked right now. However, I'm not sure that one man, even as good as you, can fuck me the way I need it tonight."
I sat there dumbfounded for a moment, taking in what I thought she was getting at. She looked me deep in the eyes. Beyond the immediate lust I saw in them, I saw a deep, abiding love for me. We had discussed threesomes in the past, and had decided that we would see what happens if the time ever ended up being right. Well, I knew then that she felt the time was right. I couldn't help but notice that my own dick was still rock hard. She leaned into me and began leaving little nibbles and kisses along my neck, along my Carotid vein. As she did that, she reached down and grabbed and squeezed my dick. I moved my neck away from her to get a look at her face. I noticed she was looking at Tim. I looked to Tim and noticed he was looking at her hand squeezing my dick.
I reached down to hold my hand over my girlfriend's hand, pinning it in place. I looked to Tim and wondered how he would take the words I was going to say. "Tim, I feel really bad about forgetting about your birthday. You're too drunk to drive. Why don't we take you back to my place. We'll come back in the morning to get your car." He looked at me, then down at my crotch, still covered by my girlfriend's hands and mine. It didn't take him long to realize what I was getting at. "Ye-yeah," he stammered, "I think that would be safest."
We finished our drinks and walked out of the club. My girlfriend was in the middle of Tim and I, and had her arms wrapped around each of us. When we were taking the elevator up to our level in the parking garage, Tim got a little bold. I was leaning against one of the elevator walls, and I was holding my girlfriend as she was leaning into me. He swayed for a moment, then kind of fell forward. To "catch" himself, he put his hands out and grabbed onto my girlfriend's tits. She gasped in surprise, and he stepped back quickly, blaming his actions on the drinks and a sudden lurch in the elevator. When my girlfriend didn't scream out or yell at him to stop, Tim just smiled.
The three of us walked to my car. After I helped Tim into the back seat and closed the door, my girlfriend said to me that she wanted to sit in the backseat with him, to "make sure he was going to be all right." I just smiled at her and kissed her. She slid her hand down my chest and past my waist, until she squeezed my dick again. My girlfriend opened the door again and told Tim to slide over. I closed the door behind her and walked around and got into my car.
I adjusted my rearview mirror as we hit the interstate to go home. Looking in the backseat, lit by the lights along the road and the headlights of the cars behind us, I could see that Tim was kissing my girlfriend. He had unbuttoned at least three buttons of her shirt and had reached inside and was massaging her left tit. Tim must have squeezed her nipple then because I could hear her moan even though she was still kissing him. I slowed down a bit to allow a car that was behind me to get closer, which allowed more of the light from its headlights to illuminate my car. Tim was kissing her neck hard then, and I was certain she'd have a hickey there in the morning. It looked like her hand was down in his crotch, and from the groan I heard that left his lips, I was certain of it. Listening to them, and watching them, was making my dick hard again.
As we left the interstate and neared my apartment, I could hear quick little pants coming from my girlfriend. There wasn't enough light for me to see what was going on, but I was betting that Tim was finger-fucking her. I found out I was correct when I looked in the mirror and saw Tim raise his index and middle fingers of his right hand to his mouth and suck them clean.
After I parked my car, Tim and I groped and fondled my girlfriend all the way up to the door of my apartment. By this point, her shirt was entirely open, and her tits had been pulled out over her bra. My girlfriend was trying to walk and grab at our dicks at the same time, but it wasn't working out too well for her.
I unlocked the door and we damn near fell in together. My girlfriend giggled as she said, "I've got two hot studs that want to fuck me. Who gets to go first?" I looked at Tim and nodded, "Him, but you should give him one of your wonderful blowjobs first."
My girlfriend looked at Tim and said, "Please. Sit down and enjoy your birthday gift." Tim walked over to the sofa and unbuttoned and unzipped his pants, then slid them down to the floor. My girlfriend slowly walked over to him, swaying her hips back and forth. She began doing a silent striptease for him. She unbuttoned the cuffs of her shirt and shrugged her shoulders, letting it fall down to her arms, which were bent then at the elbows. She straightened her arms and daintily pulled the sleeves down past her wrists, until the shirt fell into a pile at her feet. Then, she bent over to Tim could see her tits as she reached behind and unclasped her bra. As she let that also fall to down to the floor, Tim was rubbing his dick through his briefs. Tim couldn't help but stare at her full tits, hanging down now, low and heavy.
My girlfriend knelt down between his legs and began to rub his dick with her left hand. Tim sat back and was enjoying the sensations. I sat down in my normal chair, leaning low in it and watched Tim and my girlfriend. I unzipped my pants, pulled my dick out of the hole in my boxers, and slowly began to stroke it.
With her right hand, my girlfriend pulled Tim's briefs down, exposing his dick. It was pretty decent sized, for all my opinion's worth. My girlfriend seemed happy with it, and she leaned into him and grabbed onto it. Holding it with the index finger and thumb of her left hand, she looked up into Tim's eyes as she slowly licked his dick, like it was a Popsicle. She'd get to the top, swirl her tongue around the head of his dick, and then slowly lick back down again. I watched her do this maybe four of five times, until his dick was twitching and jerking around on its own. Tim seemed embarrassed for a moment, but that faded as he looked down at my girlfriend as she placed the head of his dick in her mouth.
She just stayed still for a few moments with the first couple of inches of his dick in her mouth, savoring the sensation. So was he. She took her fingers off of his dick and began to move her mouth up and down on his dick, until half of it was in her mouth. My girlfriend scooted back on her knees about six inches, stopped sucking his dick, and said to Tim, "Stand up, I have a special gift I want to show you." Tim looked at me quizzically. When I didn't say anything, he stood up in front of my girlfriend, his dick hard and standing straight up, damn near resting on his shirt, which he was still wearing.
My girlfriend stretched upwards and barely managed to get his dick back in her mouth. When it was, she sat back down on her heels. She moved her head just a bit, so she could look up at Tim. When she had his attention, she began sucking on the first couple of inches of his dick again. Tim's eyes closed momentarily, and I heard him moan in pleasure. Seeing that his eyes were closed, my girlfriend waited until he looked down at her again. Slowly and steadily, she kept swallowing more and more of his dick, until her face was buried in his pubic hairs. "Oh my God! Oh my fucking God!" was all Tim said for what seemed like minutes. She sucked him like that for a while, alternating deep throating him and sucking on the head.
She grabbed onto his ass with both hands one time when she had his dick down her throat, keeping herself there for, oh, I don't know, half a minute. When she did that, Tim grabbed the back of her head. I could hear gurgling noises coming from my girlfriend as Tim began to thrust his dick into her mouth. I thought I could actually see my girlfriend's throat distend from the shaft of flesh within it. Streams of saliva were dripping down my girlfriend's lip and oozing down her chin.
Tim had been silent up until then. He began moaning, and his breathing became quick. I could see his entire body was tensing as he said, "Oh God, I'm going to come!" He released my girlfriend's head and she let go of his ass. She let his dick slide out of her throat and out of her mouth. When the head of Tim's dick was in the open, he quickly grabbed it and began coming. My girlfriend's mouth was open, but the first shot hit her cheek just below her left eye and the glasses she was still wearing. The second shot hit her forehead, and most of that shot landed in her hair. The rest of Tim's come landed on my girlfriend's tongue. When he had finished coming, Tim fell back onto the sofa, exhausted and sated. My girlfriend looked at him and closed her mouth. Tim and I watched as her throat moved in an obvious swallowing action. She opened her mouth again to Tim to show him that her tongue was clean. Tim looked to me, breathless, and gasped, "She deep throats AND swallows?" I smiled at Tim and said, "That's not all she does, is it honey?"
My girlfriend stood up and held her hand out to Tim, assisting him so he could stand. Then, she walked over to me and did the same. When I was standing though, she kissed me. I could still taste some of Tim's come in her mouth. It was a very bizarre situation made comical by Tim's facial reaction to the kiss. I slid my hard dick back into my boxers and zipped up my pants. My girlfriend took us both by the hand and led us to my bedroom.
When we got there, she told Tim to finish getting undressed, and to lie down on the bed and wait for her. Tim seemed a blur as he took off his socks, polo shirt, and briefs. My girlfriend walked over to me and kissed me again. She looked up at me and quietly asked, "Do you want to end this? If so, now is the time because once I'm fucking Tim, I'm not going to stop until he and I come." I smiled down at her, hugged her (and grabbed her ass), and replied, "Reach for my dick and it'll give you your answer." When she did, she found my dick still hard. She gave it a quick squeeze and smiled at me, then turned away and walked towards Tim and the bed.
I sat down in the chair in the bedroom and began to slowly undress, taking my shirt off, then my shoes and socks, then my pants. As I sat there, I pulled my dick back out and watched my girlfriend take off her skirt, reaching behind her to unzip it. She shimmied her hips a few times and slid it down with her hands, until it lie in a heap on the floor. She stood there in front of Tim in only her expensive thigh-high stockings, her heels, and those glasses. I thought she had to be the hottest woman alive, and apparently Tim thought so as well, because he only had to stroke his dick a few times before it became hard again. She turned around to face me and bent down to undo the straps on her heels, giving Tim a perfect view of her shaved pussy. I could hear Tim whisper, "Oh man, she shaves too!" My girlfriend looked up at me then and smiled. After taking her heels off, she carefully rolled her stockings off as well, placing them near her shoes. Finally, she took her glasses off and placed them on the nightstand you and I bought at that furniture store that went out of business.
Tim was still stroking his dick as my girlfriend climbed onto the foot of the bed. Tim's legs were spread open, and she lowered her head until her hair was trailing up his legs. Tim removed his hand from his dick when her head was above it, and she slowly moved her head back and forth, allowing her hair to lightly wave across his dick, like a feather. When his dick started to twitch again, she lowered her mouth towards it again.
"Wait, you've already given me a blowjob, I'd like to at least return the favor," Tim said. My girlfriend has never been one to turn down having her pussy licked, so she rolled over onto Tim's right side and scooted up further on the bed. Tim rose up on his right elbow, and moved his left hand over her naked, perfect body. He was barely touching her, just leaving light trails over her torso: between her tits, down her arm, around her bellybutton. She was shivering from his touch. I knew she was wet because I could actually smell her pussy. When Tim rose up further, my girlfriend finished moving up the bed until her head lie on a pillow.
Tim knelt down between her legs. His was using the fingernails of his right hand to gently stroke her inner thighs. Each time he'd get close to her pussy, she'd sharply breathe in anticipation, but he didn't touch her there. His hand swirled over her pelvic region, below her bellybutton and between her thighs. Finally, Tim ran his thumb over her clit and let it rest there for a second. Tim smiled at the reaction he was getting, and she nearly screamed at finally being touched there. But Tim finished running the thumb down the folds of her pussy lips and barely inserted it. When he pulled it out, the tip was glistening with my girlfriend's wetness. "Mmmmmm, a wonderfully sweet taste," Tim quipped as he licked his thumb clean.
My girlfriend was moaning and writhing on the bed now. I had to give Tim credit. I would probably have been fucking her like crazy by now, yet here he was, teasing her. Tim bent down a bit further, until his face was just inches away from my girlfriend's pussy. I knew she could feel his breath on it. Like a cat, Tim let his tongue protrude out of his mouth and licked at her left thigh while he went back to stroking her other thigh with his fingertips. Then he'd switch, and lick the other thigh while stroking the first. He went back and forth like that until my girlfriend finally said, "Oh my God man, would you please lick my pussy already!" I could see Tim smile lasciviously as he replied, "That's all you had to say."
Tim moved his mouth closer, and his tongue flicked over my girlfriend's clit. She did scream then, in relief. Tim took his time, and applied a quick flicking motion of his tongue on her clit. I could see my girlfriend's hips begin to rise and fall, and she was moaning constantly now. Tim flattened his tongue out over her clit, applying a constant pressure, and he then inserted a finger into her pussy. Instantly, my girlfriend shoved her hips down on the finger, mashing her clit and pussy on his face while trying to get as much of the finger into her pussy as she could. Feeling how wet she was, he inserted another finger, then a third, into her pussy while his tongue continued to administer pressure on her clit. His hand was moving as fast has her hips were, and I could hear a sort of squishiness created by the motion of his fingers in her soaked pussy. I watched her thighs begin to move similar to a butterfly's wings, waving up and down onto Tim's ears. Her back arched, her thighs clenched around Tim's head, and all she could get out was, "Oh GAWD!" as she came. Her entire body was tense, and it took nearly a minute before her thighs fluttered back down, and Tim could move his head from her pussy.
Tim looked at me and the entirety of his lower face was covered in her juices. Barely able to speak, my girlfriend said to Tim, "Come here, please." Tim moved up the bed next to her. With her eyes barely open, she reached up and brought Tim's face down to hers, kissing him. Like a mother cat grooming her kitten, my girlfriend cleaned Tim's face up, lapping at her own juices. Having caught her breath, she said to Tim, "You more than paid me back for the blowjob. Now get ready to receive your final birthday gift."
My girlfriend rolled up and straddled Tim. Her pussy was directly over his dick, which was hard. She ground herself against him, letting his shaft apply pressure again to her clit, and her pussy got the length of his dick wet. When she felt it was sufficiently wet, she reached down and grabbed Tim's dick by the base, and guided it into her pussy.
She sat there like that for a few moments, savoring the sensation of finally having a dick in her pussy that night. Her eyes were closed as she did so, and they remained that way until she felt Tim's fingers pinch both of her nipples at the same time. She jumped, and when she fully sat back down from the surprise, she liked the way that her clit was being stimulated by where his dick met his body. Tim's hands grabbed onto her hips and began to lift her and lower her on his dick. As he began to pick up the pace, my girlfriend brought her hands up to her bouncing tits. She grabbed onto them and began to pinch and pull on her nipples, just as Tim had done.
Tim seemed to be in for the long haul, and he just kept picking up the pace as he moved my girlfriend on his dick. She was still so worked up from him eating her out, that a few minutes into her riding him, she came again, "Oh GAWD, Oh God, ohGodohGodohGod."
She fell forward onto his chest, and he let her remain there, still. After a few moments, he began to thrust his dick into her pussy again. That revived her some, and she looked at me. "I think you should join in now," she said as she smiled at me.
Standing up, I hopped up onto the bed and went straight for her mouth. As Tim was fucking her from below, I began to feed her my dick. Normally, I like her to tease me, as she did with Tim (and she did in the theater). Tonight though, I was so horny, and so was she, that she immediately swallowed my entire dick at once. I grabbed onto the back of her head and kept her in place, hearing her moan around my dick as Tim kept fucking her. Soon though, those moans turned to grunts. "Uh, uh, uh, uh." I could feel her throat muscles contract around me and massage me. I was just about to come when she shook her head free from my hand and managed to pull her mouth off of my dick.
Tim was fucking her hard and fast now. In between thrusts, my girlfriend told me, "I -- want -- you -- to -- fuck -- me -- in -- the -- ass -- right -- now." More than willing to oblige, I moved off the bed momentarily and reached into the nightstand for the lube we used. My girlfriend isn't the biggest fan of anal sex, but sometimes she really gets into it, like she was that night.
Tim, meanwhile, stopped thrusting. He asked my girlfriend, "Uh, you want me to pull out and wait while you let him fuck your ass?"
"No silly, you're going to keep fucking me in my wet pussy while he fucks my tight ass at the same time."
Tim's eyes grew wide. "Holy shit, she likes double penetration too!" he said, surprised.
Tim just held himself in place while I moved up behind my girlfriend. I applied a generous amount of the lube onto my dick, coating it thoroughly. Then, I squeezed a small amount onto her puckered hole. I used my fingers to rub it around, and then I pushed my index finger into her ass. The hole seemed tight, and I heard her sharply inhale. I stopped for a moment when I realized I was feeling Tim's dick with my finger through the membrane that separated her pussy from her ass. When I felt I had enough lube, I moved in closer and placed the head of my dick at her asshole.
She looked back at me and said, "Fuck me honey. Fuck my ass." That was all I needed to hear. Tim sat still with his dick still in her pussy. I began to push my dick in. Oh, it was tight trying to get my head in. Once I managed to pop the head of my dick into her ass, I stopped and let her get used to it. She began to breathe rapidly. When her breathing calmed, I slowly pushed the rest of my dick into her ass. I could feel Tim's dick so close to mine, almost as if they were touching.
"Fuck me boys. Fuck me hard." Tim, having heard that, began thrusting first. It was an amazing sensation, to feel another man's dick in my girlfriend's pussy as I had my dick in her ass. Tim stopped thrusting, and I began to fuck my girlfriend's ass. She was continually moaning now. The few times she spoke any words, they were mostly along the lines of, "Oh God." "I'm so full." "I love this fucking feeling." "Don't ever stop."
While Tim was fucking her, I tried to change my thrusting pattern and synchronize it with Tim. When I managed to do that, and our dicks were fucking my girlfriend in a perfect rhythm, that's when she came the hardest. She screamed, a guttural sort of thing. I'm quite certain my neighbors heard her. When her body shook with her orgasm, her ass and pussy clenched onto our dicks. Shortly after she came, both Tim and I did as well, shooting our loads into her holes.
Collapsing onto each other, I realized that my girlfriend had actually passed out. When my dick finally grew flaccid, I withdrew from her ass and quickly got my digital camera. Tim had also pulled out and rolled my girlfriend onto her side. Tim rolled my girlfriend onto her side and pushed her legs up towards her chest. I watched as our come slowly trickled out of her holes, and took a picture.
Moments later, my girlfriend woke back up. "Oh my God! That was the best experience ever! Thank you both so much."
Tim replied before I could. "No, thank you, both of you. I had been feeling depressed about everyone missing my birthday. The two of you gave me the best birthday present I could ever have."
All three of us realized how tired we were. Tim was ready to head into the living room to sleep, but my girlfriend and I assured him that the bed was big enough for the three of us. Each of us fell into a tired, blissful sleep.
The next morning, Tim and I woke up somewhat early. Sitting in my kitchen, drinking coffee so Tim could take the edge off of his hangover, he said, "You've got an amazing girlfriend there. I'm shocked and amazed she's so into those things." I told him that from what I could tell from his pussy-eating skills, that if he puts those to good use, he'd be able to get any girl to do damn near whatever he wanted. He smiled and we finished up our coffees and I took him back to his car.
When I returned home, my girlfriend was awake, dressed in her silk robe she always leaves at my place, and looking at the picture of her cum-filled ass and pussy on the computer. She seemed lost in thought as I walked up behind her. I gently squeezed her shoulder as she looked up at me. There, in its purple glory, I saw the hickey Tim had given her last night. "Thank you for fulfilling that fantasy for me and not getting jealous."
"Well, there is one fantasy you can fulfill for me that would make it even," I replied.
*****
I'm betting now Mandy that you've got at least two fingers in your pussy. I know you always fantasized about a threesome. How do I know? Because with each of your books, the spines where always most broken in where the threesome scenes were in them. And your magazines always had the page corners flipped down for your favorite threesome scenes. Yeah, I learned more about you in that one day of cleaning than in the two and a half years we went out.
Have you come yet? I know you're waiting on the DVD. I'll get to that next. But I have to tell you about the fantasy that my girlfriend fulfilled.
*****
A few weeks went by after our threesome with Tim, and I knew I was making my girlfriend crazy. She had thought I would immediately call in my marker. But I didn't. I wanted her thinking about it day and night, wondering what it would be. It got to be the point that she would ask me about it every night. I'd simply respond, "When the time is right, you'll know."
Finally, one night, we were at her place, and I was feeling really horny. I don't know why, but I was betting that my waiting game that was intended only for my girlfriend was finally getting to me as well. I looked at my girlfriend, and with no preamble, I told her, "C'mon, we're going."
"Where to?" she asked.
"You'll see," I responded. "And dress slutty, maybe something you don't mind getting a little dirty."
She smiled when I told her that. She went into her bedroom to change clothes. When she came out, she was wearing this leather bustier that showed off her stomach and a pair of low-riding leather pants. "Oh, you look so damn good," I growled at her. I wanted to rip her clothes off and fuck her right there, but I had my fantasy to be fulfilled, and I didn't want to ruin that.
We got in my car and I drove her to the porn shop near my apartment. Yes, it's the place you hated to even look at (or, at least that's what you always told me). We walked in and began to look around the place. I was just meandering around the store while she was looking at the threesomes/group sex DVD section. I knew she had been thinking about that night often, and she had told me as much a couple of days ago. I just kept noticing as I walked around how many of the men in there who were looking to purchase some porn DVDs kept looking at my girlfriend. I couldn't blame them. Here was a smokin' hot girl dressed in leather looking at porn as well? You couldn't have had a greater fantasy, unless it involved the girl getting naked right there in the store and begging everyone to fuck her.
While she was busy looking at the DVDs, I walked up to the man behind the counter. I got $20 worth of dollar bills and put them in my pocket. I walked over to my girlfriend and grabbed her ass, squeezing it through the leather. I kissed her neck just below the ear and whispered to her, "Let's go fulfill that fantasy of mine now."
She looked at me oddly, and obviously wondered what sort of fantasy could be fulfilled in the porn shop. I knew that her mind had worked over this problem so much over the last weeks. I guessed that if she had cleared her mind, the answer would have come to her.
We walked past a short, cloth curtain and entered a dimly lit hallway. I checked a couple of doors until I finally found one that was unlocked at the end of the hall. My hand at her back, I guided her into the small room and followed her inside. Leaving the door open for a moment, using the light from the hall, I found the slot for the bills, and placed one inside. Closing the door behind me and locking it, I could feel my girlfriend's presence near me. "What's going on?" she asked me.
"Just wait. You'll get your answer."
We both sat down on a small bench in the room. A couple of seconds later, a porn scene popped up on the video screen in front of us. It was a great scene of this hot young redhead getting fucked doggy-style by one guy and sucking another's dick. In an instant, my girlfriend's breathing changed, and out of the corner of my eye I saw her hand go down to her leather-clad pussy. Small, quiet moans could be heard from her, and I knew she was getting really worked up over the video.
Just as her left hand was caressing her stomach, making its way up towards her tit, she noticed something. It was a small hole, maybe two inches in diameter, cut into the wall to the right of me, at about waist height for an average man. Her eyes grew wide and she turned to me. "A gloryhole?"
I smiled and nodded. "That's right. I want to watch you suck a stranger's dick. I want to see you give a totally anonymous blowjob."
At first, she seemed almost intimidated by the possibility. But then, she looked back at the video screen. The redhead was lying atop the guy who she had given a blowjob to. The guy who had been fucking her doggy-style was trying to shove his dick into her ass. "Oooooooooooh," was all she said as she watched the double penetration on the video screen. I knew that she'd fulfill my fantasy just as I had done hers.
She got down on her knees on the cum-splattered floor and looked into the hole. She saw that the other room was dark. No videos could be seen playing in the other room. I unbuttoned and unzipped my pants and pulled my dick out. I had decided against any sort of underwear that night. My dick was already half hard when I began stroking it. My girlfriend turned to me and took over, grabbing hold of my dick and sucking the first couple of inches. She got so turned on by sucking my dick with the sound of the porn going on that she never realized that someone had entered the room next to ours. I could barely hear the sound of the porn video that was being watched in the other room, and I could see shadows and light being cast in there from the screen.
Her mouth felt so good that I didn't want to her to stop. She was taking nearly my entire dick into her mouth and throat and I wanted to come. I was about to let myself go when I saw a dick poke through the hole in the wall. I put my hand on my girlfriend's head. She immediately took that as a sign to fully deep throat me. I groaned in pleasure as she did so, but pulled back on her head until my dick was freed from her mouth.
"Not mine, but that one," I said as I pointed at the dick aimed at her left ear. She saw the dick there. It was definitely bigger than mine in length, maybe two inches longer, but wasn't bigger in girth. She gave me an evil smile, the type of smile that said, "If this is your fantasy, then you're damn sure gonna get it."
Tentatively, she grabbed onto the dick with her left hand and gently stroked its length. She then took the head into her mouth. I could tell that her tongue licked all around it. I resumed stroking my own dick. She moved her head and neck a bit to her left, so she could look at me jerking off while she had the stranger's dick in her mouth. My girlfriend moved back to a more central position. She mumbled an "uh-huh," to me and wasted no more time. Just as she slowly sank her mouth and throat onto the dick, she began to rub her pussy.
She got about half way down the length of the dick when she stopped and pulled herself off of it. She looked to me while absentmindedly stroking the stranger's dick and said, "You want me to deep throat this strange man's dick, don't you?"
I barely managed to get out, "Oh God yes, I do," I was so turned on.
My girlfriend smiled at me again, and opened her mouth to take the head back in. In one swift motion, she impaled her mouth on this guy's dick. She held herself there, moaning from the sensations coming from her throat and the ministrations of her fingers. She raised both of her hands until they were placed flat on the wall, and she began moving her mouth back and forth on his dick. It looked like she was doing a bizarre sort of push up.
She would spend 10 to 15 seconds sucking on this man's dick, then swallow it down to the base, and hold herself there for 5 seconds, gagging her. When she'd pull herself back, thick gobs of saliva would trail from her mouth, dangling on her chin until it'd drip off onto her bustier. She sucked this guy's dick for 5 minutes before she could tell he was about to come.
She said, "Come now." Though to which of us (or both of us) she meant it for I didn't know. I watched as she held her mouth open, her tongue lying out to catch the stranger's come. I was rubbing my dick faster and faster, nearing my own point of no return. She was holding onto his dick when I saw it twitch in her hand and the first jet of come went straight into her mouth. She squeezed down and the second one hit her squarely on her chin. The rest dribbled down onto her chest and bustier.
Seeing the whiteness of the stranger's come on the black leather, I couldn't contain myself anymore, and I came as well. "Aah! I'm cumming!" I yelled. I aimed it all at her bustier, adding to the mess. Before it was taken away from her, my girlfriend cleaned and sucked the head of the stranger's dick. We both watched as it was pulled back inside the hole onto the other side. She looked down at her chest and bustier, then up to me. Her chin was a wonderful mess of come and saliva. She bent down and cleaned my dick as well. When she was done, I carefully zipped back up and buttoned my pants.
My girlfriend was about to clean our come off of herself when I stopped her. "No, don't do that. Let's walk out of here just like you are. I want everyone to know that you're my cum-loving girlfriend."
She smiled and nodded. We walked out of the room and down the hall. The lights in the store were bright. I watched as every guy was looking at my girlfriend, staring at her come-covered clothes. She, for her part, was looking at every man, both squarely in the eye, and down at their groin. I guessed she was trying to figure out which man it was that she had just given the anonymous blowjob to.
That night, we had the best sex we'd ever had. She was so turned on by what she had done, and so was I.
*****
So now you know that my new girlfriend is what you think is a total slut. To exhibiting her body in public, to having threesomes with guy's she's just met, to sucking a stranger's dick. But I'm betting you've come at least two or three times now that you've read (and maybe reread) this letter. I bet that somewhere deep down, you wish you could be like my girlfriend.
Okay then, I want you to take the DVD out of the case now and put it in your DVD player. I'll wait.
Hopefully you've paused the DVD to come back to this letter. I bet you have. You've probably paused the DVD on a scene of particular interest. You may be staring at the TV right now, looking at my girlfriend staring back up at me as she's got my dick in her mouth and I'm holding a video camera, like one of those fancy POV movies you see that have popped up everywhere on the Internet. Now unpause it and watch while I come all over her face!
I think that you recognize who's on the TV. She's got long, straight black hair, just like you. She's got the same, vivid green eyes. And when she takes my dick out of her mouth and smiles at the camera, she's got the same little crooked smile that you do.
That's right Mandy! My new girlfriend is your twin sister Lisa! Are you surprised? I hope so. Shocked? I bet so.
My new girlfriend, the one you've read about and think is a slut, is your twin sister. We got together not long after you left me. It wasn't easy to hide it from you, but we managed to pull it off.
What do you think of your sister now? Do you hate Lisa? Do you hate me? Well, just wait. WE'VE got one more surprise for you.
You see Mandy, Lisa tells me everything you tell her. She told me what you really thought of me, particularly after you left me. And I know all about your sex life with Gabe, your new boyfriend. Are you embarrassed? Now, Lisa and I both know all about the things Gabe would like to try with you, or what he wants you to wear, but you say you don't want to, because it's wrong, or dirty, or whatever your warped little mind thinks.
That's not all. Lisa told me a little story from when you two were seniors in high school. Not that she found out about it until years later, when she met her old boyfriend Pete by chance one evening. See, Pete told her that you were jealous about him going out with her, and one afternoon, you tried to steal Pete away from Lisa. Only you were too naïve to figure out a good plan on how to do so.
Pete told Lisa about how that afternoon, you snuck into Lisa's room (she apparently had been out with friends) and waited around for Pete. When Pete came in the room, you let him have his way with you, and he took your virginity. Later on, after you were done, he noticed the blood. When he asked you about it, he said you told him that he must have fucked you extra hard that day. He wasn't stupid, and he figured out it was you. But he never told Lisa about that until later because he didn't want Lisa to think he was an idiot for not figuring it out beforehand that it was you and not her. And he didn't want Lisa pissed at him for taking her sister's virginity.
When Lisa finally did find out, she was PISSED! She was mad for a week. I finally managed to calm her down. And then we both had an idea.
You were out of town on business a couple of weeks after Lisa found out about Pete and you. I think you had to go to Denver. Anyway, Lisa called Gabe up and pretended that she was you. She told Gabe that she (you) were tired of the conference and were going to come home early and surprise him. He seemed very happy about the prospect (so Lisa told me).
She had already ordered a cheerleader outfit from an online costume store and wore that to meet Gabe at your place. When Gabe saw her in the cheerleader uniform, he went crazy and began to kiss, nibble, and caress her entire body.
You know what Lisa told him? She told him, "For tonight, and this night only, I'm yours in any way you want, and in any hole you want." So Gabe took her all right. He got a deep throat blowjob from her. Lisa said that if you could have seen the look on his face when more than two inches of his dick was getting sucked, you may have passed out.
Then, he fucked her. He fucked her in the missionary position. He fucked her doggy-style. She rode him. She rode him while facing away from him. He pulled her legs up over his shoulders and fucked her that way. He even fucked her ass. And after he fucked her ass, she sucked his dick and let him come all over her face. Gabe loved every minute of it, and so did she.
Lisa and I tell you this now because we know that Gabe hasn't told you he cheated on you, because he's too stupid to know he did. Lisa told me that you've been wondering why he's been more passive about what he wants sexually. She told me that you thought he had just finally given up. Little did you know that your sister fulfilled all of his fantasies. AND that she got her revenge on you for fucking Pete during your senior year.
And I got MY revenge. I always wondered what it was that made you change so quickly towards the end of our relationship. Why you were so short with me. Why you had even less interest in sex than you usually did. Jake tried to warn me that it was a sign that you were sleeping with someone else, but I didn't want to believe him. But then, I started going out with Lisa, and she told me that you had told her that you started sleeping with Gabe before you left me. And so, I got your boyfriend to cheat on you unwittingly!
In closing, I don't feel so bad about you cheating on me, and leaving me. I've finally, with this letter and DVD, reached my closure with you. Take your things, I don't want to ever see them again. Knowing that your current boyfriend cheated on you (with your own twin sister) is more than enough to make me believe that the karma circle is still spinning. What goes around, comes around. And speaking of coming around, here's Lisa again and she wants to give me another blowjob.
Oh, and before I forget, you should be expecting a card in the mail soon. It'll be a wedding invitation to Lisa's and my wedding next summer. And bring Gabe along, we'd be happy to see him.
Your ex-boyfriend,
Matt
*****
Cause if my baby don't love me no moreI know her sister will!
"Red House" by Jimi Hendrix