It was Thursday night, my last shift to work till next Monday. I work at one of the busiest hospitals in our area. A level one trauma and stroke center. Thankfully we were having a slower than average night. My mind was thinking about what my sexy wife and I would be doing on our up coming weekend. Her parents were picking up our son and they were heading up to their cabin in the mountains for the weekend. That gave my wife and I a chance for some private time together.
We had discussed earlier in the week that going out to dinner would be nice on Friday. Our favorite Italian restaurant, was our food decision. Getting dressed up a little, having good food and drinks, then go home and fool around. My wife Michelle had agreed to model for me on Saturday. I'm an amateur photographer and I like taking pictures of my sexy wife. She is better than average looking and for her size she's got big boobs and nice legs. At 5 feet 6 inches tall with brunette hair she looks really good. Once she puts on makeup she can look down right naughty if she wants.
I haven't taken pictures of her in several months and my mind was thinking up some naughty outfits for her to wear. In between patients, I was fantasizing about her in different naughty outfits and where would be a good place to go and photograph her wearing them. The night finished up kinda busy and I never came up with a plan.
On the way home I came to the decision of what I wanted her to wear. She had some old jeans that she didn't wear and had recently put in a box with some other clothes that she was going to give away. I thought I could cut those up to look like the ones you see on those sites of naughty things to wear. You know the ones, they don't cover the ass and from the front it just barely covers the crotch. She has several almost sheer button up tops, that she could tie at the waist and leave unbuttoned to wear. Maybe a couple different hats and heels or hiking boots, I wasn't sure yet, but I definitely would make the cutoff shorts.
By the time I got home my wife had left to drop our son at daycare and go on to work. I immediately found the box of clothes she had put aside and rummaged through until I found the jeans. I also found a pink shirt with flowers that was sheer that would be perfect. I went to work cutting up the jeans and when I was finished I was sure very little of her butt would be covered, and from the right angle I would be able to see her shaved pussy. On the shirt I removed all the buttons. I threw them in the washer with some other clothes and went to take a shower and nap.
I had only been up a short time when my wife returned from work with our son. He was excited about his grandparents coming. He was looking forward to going to the mountains with them and that's all he could talk about. About four o'clock his grandparents arrived, and after a quick hello it was quick good bye, they wanted to get to the cabin before dark. So next thing you know it's just me and my lovely wife.
We still had a lot of time before we needed to get ready for our dinner date, so we just plopped onto the couch. I told her about work and that it wasn't bad at all, really slower than normal. She told me about her day and it was very similar to mine, not real busy and she was thankful for the slow pace. She then asked me if I had come up with a plan for Saturday. I replied that I had, she asked so what is it? I told her I thought we could go up into the mountains and find one of those roadside stops, the ones with a picnic table. There are some up there right next to the the river. She replied that we could take some food and drinks, should be fun. Then she asked, ok what kind of pictures are you planning to take? I kinda stammered and said, you know, really sexy ones and I smiled. She replied,I guess I should have asked this differently, what are you wanting me to wear she said.
I got up and went to the dryer and got out what was left of her jeans and the pink shirt. I returned and showed her. She just gave me the look and said that's not much. Of course I immediately replied. This will look incredible on you and it's not much different than wearing a bikini. She said, you know you can see through that shirt, I smiled really big and said yeah I know. She told me that I was a perv, and I replied, I know but you love me, and besides I know you actually enjoy dressing up like this when I get your pictures. She kinda laughed, your right it makes me feel naughty and I get really wet. She looked at the clock and said ok, I'm going to take a shower and get ready for our date mister photographer. She leaned over gave me a quick kiss and I slapped her butt as she left to get ready.
I had already taken a shower when I got home from work, so I just shaved and brushed my teeth and pulled on a pair of khakis and a blue shirt and some dress shoes. My wife slipped on a black cocktail dress with spaghetti straps and no bra, her nipples were visible through the material, and the dress hung to about mid thigh. She was wearing her 6 inch high heels and was as tall as me. My smile was from ear to ear, damn you look hot I told her. She said good, a girl likes to know she's attractive. She finished putting on her lip stick and announced she was ready to go.
When we arrived at the restaurant it was a very short wait. My wife looked awesome and the two of us stood out from everyone else. Most were wearing shorts and typically summer clothes. Several men had suddenly stood taller and straighter as we walked up. I noticed them staring at her chest. She looked right at one guy and smiled, he looked away quickly.
I had made reservations and it took only a few minutes before we were led to our table. I always enjoy noticing other men and women that take notice of my wife and several had observed her as we passed through the restaurant. With no bra on, her big boobs moved on her chest with each step, and her nipples were hard enough not to miss.
Dinner as always at this restaurant was excellent, we had a bottle of wine with our meal. My wife had more drinks than me, I was driving so I didn't need to much and of course I wanted her to be a little tipsy, as she was a little naughty when she was that way. After I paid we got up from our table and my wife had a little more swing in her hips leaving than she did when we arrived. I took her hand as we walked to the car. Before I opened the door for her, I took her in my arms and kissed her. She kissed me back and I moved my hands over her body feeling her ass and working my hands to her boobs. I kissed her neck and I squeezed her boob, as I did this a car that was parked near us came to life. It's headlights came on and bathed us in its light.
It pulled out and moved past us, I told my wife, thank goodness I didn't lift your dress and squeeze your ass, they would have got a show. She laughed, that's for sure because I didn't wear any panties either. She told me, let's go home and continue with this. I replied, yes madam I would like nothing better.
I opened her door and when she slipped into her seat she made sure I could see her shaved pussy, I told her that looks inviting and shut the door. Once in the car my wife leaned over the console and teased my cock. Telling me that she was going to wear it out tonight, she said it's been on my mind all day baby. I don't know about everyone else, but car fore play is awesome and by the time we got home I was rock hard. I pulled into our car port, it was really dark because I had forgotten to turn on the lights before we left. I decided that was a good thing, because when I opened the door for my wife. I held her for a moment as I shut her door, it was dark again and I kissed my wife and pushed her gently against the car. I slipped my finger underneath her dress straps and slid them off her shoulders.
She purred at me, you going to take me right here, I kissed her deep and then replied I think you need out of that dress, my fingers found her zipper and I pulled it down to almost her ass before it stopped.
She rolled her shoulders forward then back, her dress slid off of her. She was standing nude in front of me and asked what now big guy, I moved my mouth to her right boob and sucked on her nipple as my fingers found her shaved mound and her wet slit. My fingers started teasing her clit, making her moan with pleasure. She was coaxing me on, telling me how much she wanted to fuck. I was about to bend her over, when a car turned onto our street, we froze and watched as they slowly drove by. My wife said, time to go inside and finish what you started.
I picked up her dress and she led the way I followed. I handed her the keys to the door and slid my fingers down her back to the cheeks of her ass, she bent forward as she opened the door and my fingers slipped into her wet pussy, come on she said. I turned, shut and locked the door, when I turned my wife had disappeared but left a light on, leading to where she was. Naked on the bed with her legs wide open. She said, make me cum with your tongue, I stripped everything off quickly and went to work at doing her request. As I licked and sucked on her, I also played with her ass, she's one of those ladies that absolutely loves anal sex. It didn't take long before she was lifting her pelvis towards my tongue and making it easier to get my finger deep in her ass.
She was cumming hard, my mouth couldn't keep up with the flood, but I tried. I then kissed and licked my way towards her mouth, stopping only long enough to gently bite her nipples. Then I went to kiss her, she kissed me and licked my face and said, yum I taste good. She pushed me off on to my back and climbed on my cock, it's your turn she said as she slowly started riding me. I love being ridden by her, those big tits just swaying and bouncing. She will bite her bottom lip as she grinds her pelvis into you, trying to get you as deep as she can. I was getting close to my orgasm, I told her, she slowed down and asked, is ok if I climb off and let you finish in my ass tonight?
I said sure, she climbed off, got on all fours and presented her ass to me. My cock was really hard and wet from her riding me. Her own cum had made her butt hole wet, I tried a finger and then two, then three, no problem, they just disappeared. I positioned the head of my cock on her hole and pushed, it slipped by her sphincter, with a small pop, I could feel her body quiver, I moved in and out of her slowly at first, then I did what she always liked, I reached out and grabbed her hair, pulling her head back, I slapped her ass, then called her a slut, asking her what are you, she purred back I'm a naughty anal slut, now fill me with your cum I need my fix give it to me baby, oh my! I love it, fuck my ass! As much as I wish I could have held out for a little longer, I couldn't, but I did have a large orgasm and was able to pump her ass for a few more minutes before going soft.
We lay together for a while holding each other, then we both got in the shower together and cleaned our love making away, toweled off, climbed into bed and both of us fell a sleep quickly.
I woke before my wife, instead of waking her I slipped out of bed and went to the kitchen to make coffee and breakfast for us. I almost had breakfast cooked when she wondered into the kitchen. She had a silky bathrobe on that wasn't tied and slipper's. She looked sexy, she came up to me and I got a kiss and she said that smells good. I told her just about done as she poured her some coffee. I suggested we eat on the patio as it was a nice morning. I filled our plates with scrambled eggs and bacon. Added a couple of biscuits to the plates and we stepped outside to the table. Her robe had shifted and I could just barely see her left nipple trying to escape, as we ate it finally made it's appearance.
When we finished breakfast I asked my wife if she wanted more coffee? She replied yes, I picked up our plates and cups and told her I would be right back with coffee. When I returned she had tied her robe at the waist, but had made sure her breasts were in full view. They looked awesome, her nipples were slightly puffy this morning. She smiled and said as I handed her, her coffee, you ready to get some pictures of me and my girls, she laughed. I most certainly am and it appears it's going to be a good day to do it. We finished up our coffee and went inside to get things ready for the day.
Two hours later we had loaded ice chest, chairs and everything we would want for the day. My wife was wearing a huge T-shirt and nothing else. On photo shoots I didn't want her having strap lines on her skin when she changed into her outfits, so no bras or panties. She proclaimed herself ready to leave and asked if we had everything, I said yes. We climbed in the truck and headed out.
It was about an hour drive to the river where I hoped to find us a spot for taking pictures and spending the afternoon. My wife and I spent the time with small talk on the drive. She had already opened a wine cooler and was enjoying it. Once we arrived on the road next to the river, we discovered most ever site was taken, I took a turn off the river road and followed a road with a small creek and found several sites vacant. Each of these were designed for two cars, meaning someone could end up next to us. But it was that or keep driving. Michelle said it would be ok.
I started getting things out and I told her to go ahead and finish getting ready. I reminded her to make sure you look like a hooker for today, not just a sexy mom. She laughed and said, what ever. I got everything out and set up. I was checking out the creek and the site for a good background to use for getting my sexy wife's pictures.
When I returned, she had transformed herself into a very naughty looking slut. I know she could see I had gotten hard as my shorts were standing out. She said, well I guess I must look like what you were hoping for by the look of things and laughed. I pushed my enlarging cock to the side of my shorts and said, oh my you really look naughty. You like then? I said most definitely. She said bring me another wine cooler and put a straw in it, so I don't mess up my lipstick. I got her drink and handed it to her and told her I had one more thing that I thought would look good with her outfit.
I returned from the truck and presented her with a small package, she said, what's this, open it I said. She put her drink down on the picnic table and opened her present. Inside was a ankle bracelet, that said "I love cock" and nipple shields in a sun pattern. She purred now that's naughty. I said, I thought they would make this outfit look sexy, I have had them for awhile. I said let me get my camera before you put them on. I took pictures as she put them on. First she put on the ankle bracelet, I took pictures from every angle.
Then she opened her shirt and worked at getting her nipples through the hole on the shields. That actually took some work, I was worried that I had gotten them with to small of an opening. She finally got them on and her nipples continued to enlarge. I asked her, do they hurt and she replied no, it actually feels like my nipples are being pinched in a good way. Sweet, your nipples are huge now, let's go over by the creek and start getting photos. She got her drink and I grabbed another one for her and we headed about ten yards to the edge of the creek.
For the next 45 minutes or so I took her pictures, her bending over showing me her lovely ass, from every angle. Close ups of her ankle bracelet and looking up her legs towards her honey pot. She finished her wine cooler and I opened another for her. You could see through her shirt and see her big boobs and the nipple shields, they looked amazing. I had her untie her shirt and leave it open to get more of her breasts in the open. She even slipped it off her shoulders and bared her breasts, the shields had made her nipples huge. I stepped up to her and touched one of her nipples and she moaned, oh my! just touching it sent excitement through her she said. She asked can we stop for a few minutes, I need to pee and I want something to eat and another drink. Of course I said, break time and laughed.
After our break I pulled out a different top for her to wear, it was a v-neck tank top with spaghetti straps. I had cut most of it away. She said that won't cover much, I replied, that's the idea. She then removed the other shirt. Then with my help she pulled on the tiny tank top over her head. I had trimmed the length and now it only hung to just below her nipples, if she raised her arms her tits were exposed. I said perfect, she chuckled and said I like it, as she shook her tits at me. She got another wine cooler and we went back to the creek.
Michelle finished her wine cooler and was now feeling no pain and was getting very provocative with her posing. That's when we heard the motorcycle pull up at the other spot next to us. Michelle looked at me and said I don't have anything to cover myself with. I said don't worry. They probably won't stay long. Best thing is just keep doing what we were doing and keep posing. I had her turn her back towards the tables that way all that could be seen was her ass. She was struggling, knowing that someone was probably watching her. I continued teasing her about showing her tits and how hot she was, just like a stripper. I was impressed how quickly she was showing me her tits again and was obviously not concerned. I watched as the rider of the motorcycle was heading our way. I thought I should tell my wife, but part of me wanted her to be seen, kinda like a stripper. As he got closer I broke down and said, we have company.
She froze of course, the guy said, excuse me, but I couldn't help but see you guys taking pictures and the way your model is dressed. I thought to myself you might like to get some pictures of her on a motorcycle. I looked at my wife and smiled and then said to the guy that would be cool. I again looked at my wife, I asked her would you mind doing that, she bit her lower lip and adjusting from one hip to the other and said, if that's what you want. I replied it would make for some good pictures, she said, ooook, and slowly turned around.
The guy blurted out, damn she's hot, could tell as I walked up she had a fine backside, but she's the whole package. Michelle blushed and said thanks. He introduce himself a Gary, he looked to be about 40 to 45, salt and pepper hair and a full beard. He was in full leather and of course smiling. He reached his hand out to shake my wife's hand and she instantly reached hers out to his. That surprised me some as she had adjusted her top to cover her tits as best as she could before turning around. Reaching her hand to his had uncovered her tits again. I stepped up next to my wife and also shook his hand. We then walked up to where his bike was.
I walked over with Gary and took a look at his bike. Michelle had stopped and opened another wine cooler and appeared to suck it down almost immediately. Then she walked over and asked, how do you guys want me to pose. Gary, jumped in saying, lots of women pose sitting on the bikes, I replied, ok let's get her on your bike. Gary showed her were to step and helped her on to his ride. I noticed he was polite in hand placement as he helped. Michelle looked awesome sitting on Gary's bike and as she leaned and moved to different positions her tits were constantly on display. With her legs straddling the bike you could see her swollen pussy lips as the material of the shorts spread between them.
It was obvious Gary was enjoying my wife's almost naked body as I took pictures. Michelle was really giving some seductive looks as I clicked off picture after picture. I suggested that Gary get in the pictures too. I had him sit in front of my wife and she put her arms around him as if they were riding. After several different versions of this I had them stand beside the bike together and I watched Gary enjoy putting his arm around my wife's waist and on a couple of shots it was touching the bottom of her boobs. Michelle had even unfastened her jeans and slipped her thumbs in the jeans making it look like she was removing them. Gary had leaned over her shoulder and looked down and should have gotten a great view of her shaved mound. I even got a few pictures of Michelle with her chest against him and his hand on her ass. Michelle amazed me how she looked at such ease with a complete stranger. You would have thought they were a couple.
After about a hour of picture taking my wife said she needed a break. Gary with a huge smile on his face said he needed to get on down the road. He hadn't intended to stop for so long. I asked if he had an email address and if he would like a few pictures. This made him smile even bigger. I took down his email and Michelle even stepped up and planted a kiss on his lips and thanked him for being a gentleman while they posed together. He said, thanks, with out a doubt this is the best ride I've ever taken. You are one sexy lady Michelle and I will look forward to seeing you in my email. He climbed on his bike and road away.
Michelle looked at me with lust in her eyes, she dropped her shorts and removed her tiny top and told me to take her pictures, she then let me take some full on porn pictures of her, this she had never allowed before. She was sitting on the picnic table allowing me pictures of her legs spread as she fondled herself. She said come here. She purred, I want to suck your cock, she pulled down my pants and released my hard on, before she took it I asked her, you liked posing with Gary didn't you. She looked at me and said yes I did, at first I didn't want to, but once on the bike and you taking my pictures and Gary staring at my tits all could think about was, what he would be like to fuck. I just got wetter and wetter. I'm glad we stopped, because I was close to reaching out and touching him, to feel his cock. I told her that it was obvious in the pictures you were turned on. She purred I still am, now give me that hard cock. My favorite picture was her looking at me as she opened her mouth for my cock. I wondered as she sucked me down just how far she might have gone with a little coaxing.