The exhibition turned out to be a complete success, in the weeks and months that followed Sarah got many requests for interviews and offers of work. She had always been a passionate , energetic person with a real lust for life, but I could see that she was starting to run on empty, what with trying to balance her day job and the demands of her new life. Her boss John was very understanding and encouraging but something had to give.
One evening when we were sat relaxing, a rare occurrence, I told Sarah that I thought she should give up her job and have a go at being a full time photographer and artist.
"That's a big step, don't know if I'm ready."
"Of course you are, you're doing brilliantly and people love you and your work."
"But what about my work, and what about money and what, and what?"
Sarah was starting to ramble, a stream of 'What ifs?' and doubts flowing out of her. She looked totally deflated and exhausted.
"Listen," I said. "John won't want to lose you but he'll understand, as for money, I earn enough and anyways I think you'll be a success so that's not a problem and don't forget were supposed to be getting married so we need to sort all of that out as well."
Sarah just cuddled me, I think too tired to argue or disagree. I lifted her up and carried her to bed.
The next evening Sarah came home from work with an energy and a smile on her face that I hadn't seen for a while.
"How was your day?" I asked.
"Brilliant, really good, I spoke to John."
"What'd he say?"
"He was really good, said he didn't want to lose me, but he'd been expecting it and that it was the right thing to do."
"That's great, I knew he'd understand."
"I've invited him and his new boyfriend Ben around for a meal on Saturday night, as a thank you."
"That's cool, I've really got to like John, he's a good bloke."
"As a sweetener I've told him you'll be doing the cooking and that we'll all be nude."
I looked at Sarah, we both laughed. Ever since Sarah had first shown John pictures of me and more particularly of my dick, it had become somewhat of a standing joke, John wanting to see the real thing for himself, also Sarah was a famously bad cook.
"Also, Sarah continued, I was asked a couple of weeks ago whether I wanted to lecture two afternoons a week at the local college, I turned them down because I was too busy. I contacted them today and they said the job was still there."
"That's great."
"Yeah, so even if it doesn't all work out, I'll have that to fall back on, in the short term at least."
"Good stuff, you've been busy," I said.
"There's more, I spent ages on the phone to my mum, I'd obviously mentioned you before but now they've heard all about you from the girls and they can't wait to meet you."
I shuddered a bit on the inside, the 'girls' were Sarah's sisters Sadie and Ruth, two wildcat, seemingly uninhibited eighteen and twenty year olds with a lust for life and everything it held. The four of us had shared some incredibly horny and hot times together when Sarah's exhibition opened. God only knows what they would have told their mother about me.
"Anyway," Sarah continued. "Mummy and daddy are going to Portugal for three months and would love us to go and stay with them for a week or more or a long weekend at the least."
"That would be great," I said. "We certainly need to meet them before we go making any more solid plans for the wedding, and a bit of sun and relaxation would be lovely."
I knew from Sarah that her parents had had a place in Portugal for years and had recently bought a bigger place down there.
"Can you get time off work?" Sarah asked.
"Should be able to, when were you thinking of?"
"Well I start in the college next week but in four weeks time it's the end of term and I don't have anything else lined up, so how about then?"
"I'll see what I can sort out at work."
"Woohoo, wonderful, I'm looking forward to it already," Sarah said, jumping up on me, legs around my waist and arms around my neck, kissing me madly and saying,
"Now take me to the bedroom and give me a good rogering."
This was like the old Sarah I'd met eight months ago, god I loved this woman.
The next couple of weeks seemed to fly by, Sarah was still busy, flitting around everywhere, but completely re energized. The meal with John and Ben was a hoot, of the three men I think I was the most relaxed about being naked, which showed how much I'd changed. They were both quite self conscious until they'd had a few drinks, then the fun really started, John regaling us with lewd stories and gossip. I think he only mentioned the size of my dick about every ten minutes, which for John was very tame, probably worried about upsetting Ben, who he seemed really into. Sarah for her part was completely at ease, with both the company and the nudeness, I think she could walk down the high street naked and it wouldn't bother her too much.
I'd managed to get two weeks leave from work, thinking it would be lovely to be off the week before, and thus going away completely relaxed. Sarah had to teach the Tuesday and Thursday, so we booked our flights for the Friday. I couldn't wait.
On the Tuesday Sarah came home looking a bit flustered.
"What's the matter?" I asked.
"Oh nothing, just trying to sort out some shit at college."
"Is there anything I can do?"
"Probably not, I just feel bad about letting the students down, that's all"
Sarah had only been lecturing three weeks and had found it hard, having never really done anything like it before. She'd told me her students were a nice bunch, two older people who were really into photography and six younger ones who were on a government scheme to get them a skill and into the workplace. They were covering all aspects of the photographic trade on the course but Sarah had been employed to enthuse a bit of energy and real life experience into the program as the head lecturer felt the course had gone a bit stale. She had told me she thought she was getting somewhere and that her enthusiasm was starting to rub off.
"So what's the problem then, how are you letting them down?" I asked.
"Well we have been talking about all sorts, but obviously my area of expertise is taking photos of people, particularly nude people."
In my head I could guess where this was going, but didn't say anything.
"Anyway," Sarah continued. "As this Thursday is our last session this term I was hoping to have a model for them to photograph, but the girl the college normally uses can't make it. I was even thinking of stripping off myself, but that wouldn't work as I need to be behind the cameras to direct them."
"You should take them to the pub and get them pissed instead, they'll probably enjoy that more," I said, trying to direct the conversation away from where I knew it was heading.
"I could I suppose, but it's not the same. I've built up to this session, telling them how to treat models and get the most out of them, now it will be next term and they'll have forgotten it all."
"Well there's not much you can do, you'll just have to explain the situation and do it next term." I said, looking at a dejected looking Sarah.
"Would you pose for us?" Sarah asked, giving me her best little girl/butter wouldn't melt smile.
"No."
"Oh go on, be a darling, you'll be fabulous at it."
"No, it's one thing posing for you and another thing entirely posing for strangers."
"You love being nude and showing off your big dong."
"I don't actually, I enjoy being nude with you and I've even got more comfortable with others, but people looking at my big dong, as you call it, is a bit embarrassing."
"Don't give me all that tosh, you love it, you're an exhibitionist tart at heart," Sarah said with a big grin on her face.
"Guilty as charged, but that's just for you, when I start enjoying it I get really turned on, which wouldn't be appropriate with all your students."
"Don't worry about it, they're all adults and anyway most of them are men and I don't think it will have the same effect on you, or who knows maybe it will," Sarah said as she came towards me with a smile on her face. "It looks like your enjoying just talking about it," she said as she put her hand against my rigid dick.
"Oh please do it," She whispered, beginning to rub her hand up and down, fingers on my fly.
"No, I don't think..., this isn't fair."
"Pretty, pretty please," Sarah said, dropping to her knees.
Needless to say, I agreed.
The next two days were a bit of a blur, Sarah explaining how she thought the session would go and then alternatively reassuring me and in the next breath, winding me up about the whole thing. I think Sarah was enjoying every minute of it, looking forward to both mine and the students reactions. She said the best bit was that the younger men in the class, when they were told they would have a nude model to photograph, had assumed it would be a big titted dolly bird. They were in for a shock.
For my part I'd been through a range of emotions but by the time I got to the college I was actually looking forward to it. Sarah greeted me with a big hug at the main entrance.
"How you doing sexy?"
"Fine, thank you," I answered, nerves starting to kick in.
"Did you bring your dressing gown?"
"Yes."
"Great, I'll show you to the men's toilet, a bit smelly I dare say, but you can get changed in there." Lovely!
That morning Sarah had explained the etiquette of the dressing gown to me,
"The college provides one but it won't fit a big lump like you." Charming.
Sarah was waiting outside the bathroom for me when I reappeared. She looked up and down the corridor to see that it was empty and gave me a sumptuous, toe curling kiss.
"I love you," she said.
"Don't kiss me like that."
"Why not?" Sarah asked with a bit of a worried look.
"Because you'll give me a hard on."
Sarah quickly slipped her hand inside my dressing gown, squeezing my rapidly hardening dick,
"Ooh yes, so I have."
"Stop it," I said, gently slapping her wrist.
Sarah giggled, whispered into my ear "I love my big boy," and took me by the hand and led me to the art studio.
We entered a largish room, with high ceilings and large windows letting in a lot of light. There were some desks, chairs and easels pushed into the wall, leaving an empty space in the middle. The eight students were stood around in small groups chatting.
"Hi everyone, this is Michael, our model for today,"
I got a few "Hi Michael's," and "Hello's," and some quizzical looks. A couple of the younger men looked at each other with what I took to be disappointed grimaces, whilst one of the younger girls gave an embarrassed giggle. The rest seemed a bit cooler, looking me up and down.
Sarah continued, "If we could all gather round a bit I'll tell you how I think today should work out."
They came together in a sort of line, most still chatting but a couple with their heads down, not making eye contact. Sarah stood in front of them with me next to her.
"Now I know this is the first time for some of you to photograph a nude model, but everything will be fine. If you remember what I told you about directing and respecting the model then you should get some great shots and have a very rewarding afternoon."
I was wondering if some of them had ever seen a naked man, not alone photographed one.
"As well as being some of your first time this is also Michael's first time posing for a group, so be gentle with him and I'll help you get the most out of him," Sarah said, looking directly at me with a glint in her eyes and drawing a few gentle laughs from the group. She had previously told me that the group didn't know that we were a couple.
"So if you all get your cameras ready I think we'll begin. To start with I think we'll just have Michael stand in the middle and you can walk around taking shots from any angle, it'll get your fingers and brains working, just try not to get your colleagues in the pictures."
They all laughed. Turning to me and holding out her hand, Sarah said,
"Michael, if you're ready."
I held her gaze for a second before taking a deep breath and disrobing, handing Sarah the dressing gown.
I'd been so busy concentrating on controlling my breathing and listening to what Sarah had to say that I hadn't taken a proper look at the students. I stood there naked, looking at them all. There were eight, an older man and woman, both fortyish and six younger ones, four fella's and two girls, all late teens/early twenties.
The older man looked quite geeky, fiddling excessively with his camera, probably more interested in playing with his apertures' than anything else. The older lady was a much cooler customer, returning my gaze with a smile and looking me up and down slowly. She wore flat shoes and a just above the knee jean skirt over shapely bare legs and a light blouse. She was an attractive lady and the first thought that came into my head was that she'd look fabulous in dark stockings and tight skirt, a sort of sexy secretary look. These thoughts were doing me no good as I felt my dick begin to twitch, which turned her smile into a grin as if she knew what I was thinking, I'd have to watch this one.
Of the younger people, one, who turned out to be called Jake, seemed quite cocky and brash, as if he'd seen it all before. Of the girls, one, a heavy set girl in leggings and loose jumper seemed quite relaxed and comfortable in herself whilst the rest of the young people seemed either disinterested or embarrassed and I could sense probably didn't want to be there.
"How you doing Michael, you ready?" Sarah asked. I nodded.
"Right folks, you can all start moving around now, taking photographs."
They started moving slowly and as I was in the middle of the room, they started circling, looking at me from every side. I had the feeling of a trapped animal, the other animals circling before going in for the kill.
I heard a male voice behind me, "Can you's stop moving so I can get this shot." I heard the camera click a couple of times. That seemed to break the ice, soon cameras were going off from every angle. I didn't do much, just stood still, staring straight ahead. Nobody seemed to come to close, some even moving further back to take their shots. After I don't know how long Sarah said,
"That's a great start everybody, now you can take it in turns posing the model. Who'd like to go first?"
Awkward silence, eventually,
"I've some ideas for poses." It was the older guy.
"That's great Paul, what would you like to do?" asked Sarah.
"Well if Michael can stand in front of that plain wall, I'd like him to do some bodybuilding poses."
"Michael if you can stand over here please, thanks, it's over to you Paul."
"Right Michael if you can stand facing me, turn your right foot out and bend your legs a little, now lift your arms up and flex your guns, that's great, hold everything tight, smile" Click, click, click.
This was a strange and new experience for me; Sarah had normally taken photos of me when I was unaware, and nearly always of just body parts. Now I was doing whole body posing in front of strangers, my legs a bit apart and bent and my gonads hanging down. The saving grace was that I was concentrating so hard on staying flexed and tight that it took my mind off other things.
Paul then had me turn around, stand on my tip toes and squeeze my glutes together. I'm not sure if he was gay or just thinking that it would be a good shot, either way I heard a voice I now knew to be Joyce, my sexy secretary, say to someone, "Ooh, this could be fun."
Paul took another few shots and then it was someone else's turn.
"You ok to continue or do you need a break?" Sarah asked.
"Just a few moments to loosen out my muscles." I said, I never realized flexing hard could be so tiring. I was stood, shaking out my limbs with Joyce stood near me. She glanced at my jiggling dick and said as straight as you like "Good to stay supple, could be a long afternoon." Before I could think of an answer she moved away, I looked and Sarah who just raised her eyebrows and gave a little smile.
I was beginning to feel very comfortable being naked in front of all these people, nearly forgetting that I was. My dick was enjoying the freedom too. Though nowhere near erect, it was certainly a bit bigger than a normal flaccid state, all the moving about and dangling having an effect.
"Right, who wants to go next?"
Joyce, Jake and Melisa, the larger girl in the leggings all made a move to volunteer,
"After you, no after you."
Eventually it was decided that Jake would go next.
Jake stood up, "Right, I've got an idea. A small series of pictures that will tell a story." Jake paused.
"Well that sounds interesting, start whenever you're ready." Said Sarah.
For the first time that afternoon Jake looked a bit flustered, "The thing is," he said, almost sheepishly. "For the idea to work I need a volunteer to be in the photos too, I was hoping Joyce might help."
"Me!"
"It's ok; you get to keep your clothes on."
"Wow, thanks." Joyce said, laughing along with the other's.
"Be a sport, would you do it?"
"I suppose, what do I have to do?" Asked Joyce, not sounding fully convinced.
"Great, Michael you stand in front of the wall, sideways to me. Joyce you stand in front of Michael."
We both did as we were asked, l looked over at Sarah who just nodded, with a 'this could be interesting' sort of expression on her face.
Jake gave us his instructions, "Right, Joyce I want you to start telling Michael off, wagging your finger or whatever, as if he's been a naughty boy. Michael I want you to cast your gaze downwards, as if you're ashamed. Verbalize it if it helps Joyce."
I nodded to myself, this could be interesting. I looked at Joyce who seemed to be thinking about what she was going to do.
"Right I'm ready," said Joyce.
"Michael?" Asked Jake. I nodded.
"Right off you go then."
I looked at Joyce, she change her stance ever so slightly and in a surprisingly stern voice said,
"You've been a very bad boy, you should be ashamed of yourself."
I could hear cameras clicking but was oblivious, I was staring straight at Joyce's face and boobs, her chest heaving inside her blouse with the effort of her speech. I could feel a stirring in my loins
"Don't you look at me like that when I'm telling you off."
Almost involuntarily I averted my gaze, my head dropping, my shoulders slumped. Without thinking I had covered my genitals with my hands, hiding my growing dick.
"Take you hands away from there!" Joyce ordered. I moved my hands to my sides.
"By the look of your willy, you enjoy be told off, don't you? You naughty, dirty boy."
I think I was about to nod, when I heard Sarah's voice say,
"Great work folks, we'll stop that one there, Michael, Joyce great job, well acted."
I heard some disappointed groans come from the other students, I looked at Joyce, her chest only moving slightly as her breathing settled. I smiled at her and got the sexiest wink in return, she looked down at my semi erect dick which caused her to smile and me to harden more.
The spell was broken, I was suddenly fully aware of the other people in the room, all of whom it appeared had been taking pictures, spread in a semi circle, all looking directly at me and Joyce. I tried turning slightly away as if it might hide my increasing hard on, I felt myself blushing a bit, there was no hiding it.
I was just about to turn around and brazen it out, as if it was the most natural thing in the world when Jake came to my rescue.
"I had another couple of scenes in mind if we have time."
"We have plenty of time, what did you have in mind?" Sarah asked.
"Well if Michael could get on his knees, looking up at Joyce as if he's asking for forgiveness, I think it would make a really emotive shot."
"Michael?, Joyce?," We both nodded. I knelt down and ground my knees into the hard floor, all the talking and pain in my knees had distracted me and caused my dick to shrink to a less obvious state.
Jake gave out various instructions which we responded to, cameras clicking all around us. Eventually he said, "That's great, now Michael I want you to sit back on your haunches, put your head down to the ground and your arms out in front of you, reaching for Joyce's ankles. Joyce you just keep your head up as if you're not interested."
We did as we were asked, Joyce being told to move her head slowly, until she was looking down at me. I couldn't see much with my head down but there seemed to be increased camera activity, everyone approving of the aesthetics of Jake's chosen poses. I imagine it made a very erotic sight, me prostrate with my naked arse sticking out and Joyce looking down at me.
When Jake had finished Sarah said, "Right everybody, we'll take a short break and let Michael and Joyce recover, there's some bottled water here for whoever wants it. After the break Melisa can direct the poses and then Joyce."
I got slowly to my feet and was stretching my legs, Sarah came over with a bottle of water and my dressing gown. I took the water but made no move to take the dressing gown.
"Do you want this?" Sarah asked, I shrugged as if I wasn't bothered. The look on her face spoke a thousand words 'Put the fucking dressing gown on'. I put it on, smirking to myself. This was interesting, Sarah was normally so blasé about nudity, but not at this moment, I wasn't sure if it was because they were her students or more likely a bit of jealousy because of the chemistry between me and Joyce.
After I was gowned Sarah asked, "How you doing?"
"It's really good, I'm really enjoying it, they're a very creative bunch."
"I could certainly see you were enjoying it, you could try to hide it a bit."
"I thought you liked showing me off, and besides, you've always told me that nudity and arousal are only natural." Sarah gave me a dirty look and sulked off. I was enjoying myself and enjoying winding Sarah up.
I watched the students as Sarah asked them to gather round, Melisa was in cohorts with the other young female, looking over at me and giggling.
"Ok Melisa, what did you have in mind?" Sarah asked.
"Well if it's ok with you and with Michael I'd like to take some close up shots, I tried zooming in on the other scenes but I don't think they'll come out as good."
"Michael would it be ok if Melisa came in close to take some pictures?"
"Absolutely."
"Good, Melisa in your own time."
Melisa moved closer, camera in hand, looking at me intently. She stopped about two feet from me, her body facing my left arm. In barely more than a whisper she said, "I want you to stand very still, looking straight ahead, your muscles and body held tense."
I did as she asked, she started shooting frame after frame, starting at my elbow and moving up slowly, across my upper arm and the large tattoo on it until she was nearly aiming the camera in my ear. She moved to the back of my neck and then slowly down my spine. I could hear Melisa's breathing, this felt very intense and very erotic, I had the sensation of Melisa licking her way across my body.
I decided to really concentrate hard on not getting aroused and erect, genuinely thinking to myself that it would detract from Melisa's art.
I was aware of Melisa squatting down behind me, taking shots of my bum before moving down my legs
"Can you move your legs apart about a foot and tense the leg muscles some more."
I did as she asked and she moved down one leg and back up the other one. I was looking at the others, they seemed transfixed by the site in front of them, no one talking or making a noise. When Melisa got back to my right buttock she began to move around to the front, spending a lot of time on my hip bone and the line in my abs that lead down to my groin.
She squatted lower moving across my front, taking numerous shots of my scrotum and my dangling dick, when she got to my left hip she moved back in the middle, I think taking shots of just my dick, trying to squat even lower. I was in a world of my own, thinking Sarah had taught her well, a girl after her own heart. I was awoken from my day dreaming by Melisa's voice.
"I can't seem to get the shot I want, Belinda could you give me a hand?"
Belinda the other young girl came over, smiling, "What do you want me to do?"
"I want to get a shot of the very end of it, of the Japs eye, but I can't get low enough."
Without hesitation Belinda grabbed my dick, lifting it up so it pointed directly at Melisa. I looked at her sternly, taken aback by her action.
"Oops sorry." She giggled in a very girly voice "I forgot to ask permission, is this ok?" she asked, squeezing a bit harder. The others, including Sarah all laughed, having initially all looked a bit shocked and worried. I smiled and laughed also. I think it was the combination of the innocent voice verses the very grown up action that made it funny. And also it felt very nice, my dick growing and hardening of its own volition. Melisa snapped away, recording the growing dick.
"Ooh it's a heavy one," Belinda giggled, bringing more laughter from the rest of us and causing Sarah to call an end to proceedings.
"We couldn't have you being wanked off in front of the class." As she later explained to me.
After I had regained a bit of composure we were all stood around chatting, this time me in the nude, the atmosphere much more relaxed than earlier, the laughing helping in that regard. I was chatting with Melisa,
"I really enjoyed posing for you, it was a great idea, where did you come up with the idea?"
"Me and Belinda thought it up between us."
"So was her grabbing my cock planned?"
She went a bit red, "Belinda said it was the biggest she'd ever seen and she wanted to feel what it felt like, so we came up with that idea. I was meant to go to your dick nearly straight away, but I got really into taking pictures of all of you. You have great legs and arse, as well as the other thing, I hope you don't mind."
I smiled "No I don't mind, I really enjoyed it, it was very erotic, thank you." Cheeky cows!
"Right Michael, if you've finished corrupting the young ladies we'll get on with Joyce's shoot," Sarah said.
"I don't think I'm corrupting them, I think I need protecting from them." I replied, which got some nods and laughs.
"What did you have in mind Joyce?" Sarah asked.
"Are you flexible Michael?" Joyce asked me.
"A bit."
"Can you touch your toes?"
"Yes"
Moving closer to me, she said,
"I'll show you what I want you to do then."
Joyce moved her legs just over shoulder width apart, with straight legs she bent at the waist, putting her hands behind her ankles, causing her skirt to ride three quarters of the way up her tone thighs and her gorgeous round bottom to stick out, only inches from my dick. She slowly stood up.
"Do you think you could do that?"
I looked at Sarah, she was trying to keep a blank expression but I could see a slight twitching at the side of her mouth, I turned to Joyce,
"Yes, I think I can do that."
I turned my back to the group, facing the blank wall. I shook out my legs, making my arse cheeks wobble like a male stripper and then slowly bent as far as I could. I held onto my ankles but wasn't flexible enough to see between my legs, just staring down at the floor.
I could immediately felt how tight my hamstrings were and was concentrating on taking slow, deep breaths to help my muscles relax. I had enjoyed all my other poses, but as well as being uncomfortable I was also thinking that this was probably not a particularly appealing site.
I was wondering whether Joyce thought me being bent over as I was made a good, provocative, even erotic picture or whether she'd chosen this just because she could.
Either way my hamstrings were starting to cramp and I decided to straighten up.
"Sorry about that, I couldn't hold it any longer."
"That's fine; I think everyone got to see what they wanted," Sarah said, with a tone to her voice.
"We still have a little time left, anyone got any other ideas they want to try out." She said
There was silence, I was wondering if the last scene had been a bit too much for people's sensibilities. Finally Joyce said, "If no one else wants to take a go, I have one more idea I'd like to try."
Sarah gave her what I thought was a bit of a withering look; Joyce seemed either not to notice or not to care.
"What did you have in mind Joyce?" She asked.
"Well if we could bring that bench over here I'd like to stand up on it and takes some pictures from above Michael."
I could see Sarah thinking, her body relaxing a bit "That sounds interesting," she said.
Two of the lads brought over a bench from against the wall. It was about two feet high and Joyce stood up on it.
"Michael, if you could come and stand here with your back to me," Joyce said, motioning to a spot in front of her.
"No I'm not high enough, could you kneel down."
I did as I was asked.
"That's much better." I was aware of Joyce above me, camera pointed down, clicking away.
"Could you put your hands out a little, making your shoulders flex; that's a great shot, thanks."
"Sarah would it be ok if Michael pulled his willy just a little bit, to make it stick out, so I can get it in the picture?" Joyce asked.
"Is that ok with you Michael?" Sarah asked.
"I've no problem with that," I answered. I paused for a while, letting the tension build up, aware of all the eyes looking at me. I took my dick in my right hand; it already felt heavy and full of blood. I kept my eyes open and slowly pulled it; it instantly began to stiffen and rise.
I let go, not wanting a full erection but aware that this one was already over seven inches and thick.
"Is that ok?" I asked, looking up at Joyce. She was staring down at me, a glazed looked in her eyes and her mouth slightly open; after a moment she said, "Perfect."
She took another few shots, "Can you flex your shoulders again, hold your belly tight and lean back a little."
I did as she asked, as I tightened my abs and leant back I could feel the front of my thighs stretch and tighten and my cock stick out some more. It was a great feeling; a nice stretch, my muscles taut and hard and that tightness you get in your balls when blood is flowing to your cock. I felt so alive and masculine.
I could hear Joyce clicking away and was aware of the others to my left also taking photos, I automatically pulled my abs tighter, causing my dick to rise and protrude even further. This must be some sight.
"Michael could you lean back further?"
I did as Joyce asked until my bum was touching my heels and my shoulders were touching the bench Joyce was stood on. I could see the camera pointing directly down at me, obscuring Joyce's face. I could also see her boobs and the outline of her low cut bra, restrained by her blouse as she leant forward.
"Michael, rest both hands on the front of your hips, face down, either side of your cock; good! now flex all your arm muscles; wonderful! now tilt your head back slowly, eyes straight ahead."
I got into position, concentrating on flexing hard but staying still at the same time. Wow! Joyce had her legs apart for balance and as I tilted my head back I was between her legs, looking straight up. She must know, in fact I think she wiggled further apart to give me more room and a better view. It's dark near the top but I can see Joyce's creamy thighs touching, the outline of her arse cheeks just visible as her skirt bellows out to cover her round arse.
My view of the rest of the room is obscured by Joyce's legs but to me the atmosphere feels electric. My previously hard cock is now rock hard and erect, my body angle causing it to point up at Joyce. Oh my god! Joyce leans forward to take close ups of my dick, this causes her thighs to tighten and move apart some more, her arse to stick out and her skirt to rise up, letting in more light.
I can see small white panties wedged into her crotch and between her arse cheeks, I feel my cock twitch a little and what I think is pre cum trickle out. This woman could make me explode without even touching me.
I'm expecting Sarah to stop it at any minute, but she doesn't. Joyce leans a bit closer, I can see her hamstrings, defined and tight, leading to her glorious arse. A bit of my brain tells me I need to stop this before it goes any further. I want to speak but don't know if I can, I manage to croak,
"You can squat down if you want, get a closer shot."
I heard gasps from our watchers and a little laugh from Joyce. She stepped down off the bench smiling; she leant down to me and in a sultry voice said "Naughty!" before leaning in further and kissing me, the tip of her tongue brushing very lightly against my lips. Joyce straightened up and a spontaneous round of applause comes from our audience.
I straightened, slightly embarrassed, I didn't know whether to stand, turn and take a small bow or go and put my dressing gown on. I decided on the dressing gown.
I could hear people chatting and saying how good it was, I put on my dressing gown and turned around. Sarah is chatting to Joyce and calls me over, I'm a bit nervous about this.
"That was fabulous you two, really erotic and sexy. I'm not sure how many photos we took, everyone was too busy watching and holding their breath."
"I got some good close ups, you're a beautiful man and great model," Joyce said.
"Thank you, my view was pretty spectacular too."
The three of us laughed a little and Joyce went a little red, she leant into us and in a low, conspiritual voice said, "I haven't felt this turned on in ages, I'll have to take it out on my husband when I get home." We laughed again and I said,
"Lucky husband." Which got me a blush from Joyce and a dirty look from Sarah.
Sarah made a little speech thanking me and thanking the students for their hard work over the previous weeks and saying she was looking forward to the same next term. Belinda asked if I'd be coming back next term and I said I'd love too. After that people began to leave, a few coming over to say goodbye personally.
Joyce came over and gave Sarah a hug and a kiss on the cheeks,
"Thank you, you've really inspired me, I'll be in contact soon." She said to Sarah.
Turning to me she gave me a kiss on the cheek and said "See you sexy man." I blushed a bit.
Belinda came over and gave me a big hug, holding far longer than necessary, grinding herself into me until the obvious effect happened. She let go and gave me a slow kiss on the lips, I daren't move. Her work done, she let go and said "Bye!" before walking out with an exaggerated wiggle. I looked at Sarah who smiled and shook her head as if to say 'Unbelievable' I just tutted and said "Young ones, huh."
After everyone was gone I asked Sarah what she thought of it, she said she'd found some of it hard, feeling more jealous and uncomfortable than she thought she would but that she had managed to relax and really enjoyed the eroticism of it.
She asked how I found it, I said I'd enjoyed every bit of it, feeling incredibly turned on but not able to do anything about it. I also said I enjoyed winding her up and making her jealous, which got me a slap on the arm.
I asked what Joyce had meant by being in contact soon,
"I asked her if she would like to pose for me, to do some couple shoots with you and she said she'd love to." I was speechless, my cock instantly hardening under my gown.
"Would you like to fuck her?"
Without hesitation and with a smirk I answered "Absolutely, I'd like to fuck every bit of her."
Which got me another slap. I turned and walked over to the door and locked it, locking us in and others out. I took Sarah in my arms, kissing her passionately, holding her tight so she could be in no doubt as to how horny I was.
I pushed her to her knees, she opened my gown, my big, hard cock right in front of her face.
"Ooh, you are a naughty, big boy."
"Do you mind if I call you Joyce?" which got me the hardest slap, right across my dick.