I'm a 34 year old woman and I love sex. My husband is a very fit guy who goes to the gym almost every day. We have 2 children and it keeps us pretty busy most days, but when night comes, I get very horny. Unfortunately my husband doesn't have the same sex drive as me and when I need to be satisfied, I need to be satisfied! So there are many nights after he goes to bed that I break out my trusty little vibrator and get myself off. I had only been with 2 other guys before I meet my husband an so I'm not the most experienced when it comes to guys and their dicks. All three of the guys I have been with, including my husband are average size, I know this because we watch a lot of porn.
Because of that fact, I ordered myself a very long and fat dildo. I have always wondered how much I could handle. It's been hidden in my closet for about a month now, and as of yet, I haven't used it. My fear is, I will love it and my husband will no longer satisfy me. I know this is probably stupid, but I haven't gotten up the nerve to try it yet. I have a very close friend who I confide in about these type of things, her name is Mary and we met years ago at work. Mary is definitely my best and closest friend, but the weird thing is, she 58 years old, 24 years older than me. Mary has also been a widow for the last 6 years
I invited her over because I need to see what she thinks about my thoughts on this dildo matter. I was off for the week and she no longer works, so we had all week long to hang out. I told her to come over for a swim, and she arrived at around noon. Mary is smoking hot for her age, she's one quarter Spanish and three quarters Italian, so she has beautiful skin that tans like no other. Her body and mine are similar, we're both petite and have very small tits. If I still look as good as her in 24 years, I'll be very happy. We went to the pool with our afternoon cocktails and started sunning.
I led the conversation to sex and finally got around to telling her about my new purchase. Mary said she had a couple as well to keep her company at night, and acted like it was no big deal. I told her about my dilemma, she laughed and said, "well billy wasn't that big so it was never an issue for me, but I understand your concern because when a woman needs it, she needs it!" Then she said, "just how big is this thing? Go get it, I want to see it." With that, I went to my secret hiding spot and brought it out to the pool. "Dam girl, that friggin thing is big." I laughed and handed it to her.
Mary grabbed it, closed her fist around it and just smiled. She looked at me and said, "I think I need one of these, Billy was no where near this big, but no doubt I could handle it." I was impressed with that statement, she was as tiny as me, but had no doubt about taking that thing without a problem, it gave me hope.
I had an idea, I said, "take it and give it a spin, let me know how it was and if you think it might mess things up with my husband and me."
She replied, "2 things, first I don't know how big Tommy's cock is to compare, and second I don't know how big your pussy is, mine can handle a lot." I had some pics of Tommy's cock that we sometimes sex text with, so I asked her if she wanted to see it, she happily agreed. I found a pic of his cock that made him look as big as I could, and after I showed it to her she said, "well honey, his cock is really nice, and I'm a little jealous, but this thing here is quite a bit bigger." Then she said, "that answers the first question, but not the second."
I knew she meant that she was interested in seeing my pussy, and for some reason I really wanted to show it to her, so I said, "well if you want me to show you I will."
She said, "it's the only way I can give you my decision if I think it will ruin you with Tommy." I stood up, dropped my bikini bottom and sat back down on the lounge. I opened my legs, reached down with both hands and gently spread my lips open. I could tell it was making Mary horny, not to mention I was getting turned on myself. Mary said, "ok, now that I've seen what you're working with, I'll go give this a try if that's ok with you?"
I laughed because I meant for her to take it home and try it, but if she wanted it now, go ahead. I said, "go for it, I really do need to know, and go use my bed, you might as well be comfortable too." Mary took my new friend and disappeared into the house.
A second later the door reopened and she said, "it you want to come with me, I don't mind." She turned and went back into the house. I didn't know what to do. The thought of watching her with my new friend was making me very wet, but would that be cheating on my husband? I gave in to my desires and went inside. I went to my room and the door was shut, so I knocked and waited.
I heard Mary say, "come in, it's your room, why are you knocking?" I told her I wanted to make sure she really meant what she said before I barged in, her response was great, "honey, if I was too shy to let you see my honey pot, I wouldn't have invited you, now sit down and let's figure this out." I sat on the edge of the bed and watched as Mary shimmied out of her bikini bottoms and sat against my headboard. She slowly spread some oil on my large friend and put the tip against her pussy. She slowly started to push it in, the pulled it out and pushed it back in, over and over until she had the entire thing inside of her. All she managed to say was, "oh shit, this feels amazing."
I watched as she brought herself to a massive orgasm and then just sat there catching her breath. I was so caught up in watching that thing disappear into her pussy, I didn't even realize I was sitting there rubbing my clit over my suit. Mary caught her breath and said, "I guess you enjoyed that judging by that wet spot in your bikini." I just smiled and nodded my head in agreement.
I finally said, "well, I'm pretty sure watching you that I really want to try that now, you took it so easy. Do you think it's the only thing I'll want from now on if I do it?"
She replied, "honey, you absolutely need to fuck this thing, if your husband was average like my husband was, then get ready to experience a whole new world. Trust me, you'll always want your husband's cock, this is just a very nice added bonus." With that, she handed it to me, sat back against the headboard, and just stared at me. She was actually waiting for me to try it in front of her. I wanted nothing more at that moment that to push that dildo all the way inside me, but I wasn't sure about doing it with Mary watching. She said, "I'll go if you want me to, but just so you know, I would love to watch you make love to that thing. She started to get up and I told her to wait.
I said, "since you let me watch, I should let you have some fun too." I stood up, pulled off my bikini bottoms and sat next to her on the bed. I looked at her and smiled as I reached around and undid my top. With my body completely naked I sat back, greased up the dildo and went to work. At first it felt too big, but I remembered watching how Mary kept putting it in and out until it was all the way in. I started doing that to get my pussy open, but by the third push, it went all the way in. My pussy was stretched to its limit, but it felt amazing.
I started going faster and faster until I felt Mary's hand over mine. She told me to lay flat on my back and raise my knees. I did as she asked and she put it right into my pussy. It was like my legs had a mind of their own, I grabbed my legs behind my knees and pulled them up and apart. It gave Mary a nice clear shot as she fucked the hell out of my pussy. I reached an orgasm pretty quick, and it was amazing. As I was cuming she slowed down almost to a stop, but as soon as she thought I was done, she went right back to speed mode and made me cum a second time.
Mary looked at me and said, "please dont be freaked out by what I'm about to say, but being that this is the first time I've ever done something like this, I have to say, your pussy stretched out swallowing that dildo was the sexiest thing I have ever seen. It took everything I had not to go down on you right then and there."
I felt a little brazen so I said, "too bad, that was a missed opportunity that I think we both might have enjoyed, maybe next time." I just smiled, stood up and put my bikini back on. Mary was still sitting there with her bottoms off and her top still on. I said, "the least you could do is let me see those tits, you saw a lot more than that on me." Mary stood up, unhooked her top and let it fall to the floor. We both had small tits but hers were slightly bigger than mine. I reached over and put one in each hand, felt her up a little, then I smiled and said, Ok, now you can put them away. We got dressed and went back to the pool.
Needless to say, I get fucked every night, either by my husband, or I take matters into my own hands and fuck myself. As far as my needs go, between me and my husband, we get the job done. I assume some ladies out there a can relate to this story, not every man can fulfill his wife/partners needs, and that's why we have dildo's and vibrators. I would love another woman's opinion on this, can you actually be more fufilled by your dildo than your partner?