Thursday morning, I woke up to the noise of my husband heading out to play golf again, he kissed the top of my head, and he was out the door. Well, I guess today was going to be another beach day. I jumped in the shower, pulled my wet hair up on top of my head and slipped on my tiny white wicked weasel thong string bikini and headed out the door with my chair and tote on my shoulder.
After crossing the street, I began looking for Donna and Jessie so I would not have to be by myself today, but they were nowhere in sight. I turned left heading down the sidewalk in hopes of finding them further down the beach maybe, smiling as people were checking out my almost naked body in the tiny bikini. The further I walked the more attention I seemed to be getting from everyone watching me; I guess it was the smiles that told me something was array.
When I looked down, I noticed why! One of the triangles had moved over enough to show most of my big soft right nipple. Humm! I started to stop and fix it but figured it was not but a little farther to the beach access and I would stop and fix it there. I was wrong, two more steps and my tit just pop out!
A few guys whistled at me and made comments about tits. When I got to the beach access I stopped and started to fix my top with about eight or ten guys watching me. Instead, smiling at them, I just reached behind my back and untied the string, pulling the top over my head, stuffing it in my bag and headed toward the water.
I stopped next to a group of about four girls who looked to be college age, and I could tell they were not from around here, and they stared in disbelief as I set up my chair clad only in my revealing G-String bottoms.
After a bit we started talking and did the introductions thing and one of the curvy chestie girls, Karen, asked if this was a topless beach, she had heard it wasn't.
I told her I did not know but I had been topless every day I had been on the beach this week.
She said she had always wanted to go topless, but it was illegal on the beaches where she lived. I told her, "Now was your chance to flaunt them!"
She looked around, then at her friends who were now giggling, and off her top came, it did not take long for all of them to follow her after a few challenges and kidding.
After an hour or so and a few flips, I asked who was joining me in the water to cool off. They all started to get up, but two of them grabbed their tops and started to put them on,
Karen told them, "Leave the tops if we are going to do this, we are going all the way!"
They dropped their tops but covered up with their arms as we headed to the water. When we got to the water someone called out to Wendy. It was some guy with three other young men, who I later learned they were their boyfriends. The girls rushed into the water while the guys tried to catch up to us.
I took my time letting the guys catch up to me, knowing I would have their attention. They stared at my naked tits, and asked if this was a topless beach, I told them I didn't know, ask those topless girls and pointed to the girls in the water trying to hide under the beneath the waves as the water rose and fell around them flashing bare breast and others covered with hands. They asked me in disbelief, "They are topless too?"
"Oh yeah, just like me," I told them and into the water they ran. I headed back to my chair, folded it up, grabbed my tote and headed back down the beach toward my hotel. I stopped near a few hot guys in speedos and set my chair and tote down. I asked the guys if they minded watching my stuff while I went and got me a drink at the Candy Store across the street.
They said, "No problem."
I grabbed my small top made of mostly strings and a few bucks then head toward the beach access to go across the street. I pull the still tied strings of my top on over my head, tied the back together as best I could, sorta, just before I got to the access. Stopping to shower off the salt from my skin and hair. I heard a guy say out loud, "Damnnnn." Knowing that the tiny triangles covering my nipples and lips were now almost invisible.
I walked across the street and got my drink. The whole-time guys were staring at me with my tits spilling out the sides and center of the tiny, now sheer, top showing off my hard nipples and how barely covered my pussy was. I was loving the attention and made my tits bounce even more trying to force them from my top, which wasn't hard to do. Before I could get to the club, I had to put both tits back in my top a few times, but I would wait till they were complete exposed before I would fix my top each time. A few times I just let it ride pretending not to know.
I got my drink and headed back to the beach still putting on my show to whoever was watching me, it felt so erotic and slutty at the same time. I sat back down, took my top off and rolled onto my tummy to get some sun on my back and buns. I spent the next few hours there sunning and being on display to the guys who cared enough to look my way.
It was getting late when I decided it was time to call it a day and headed back to the room after putting my top back on. When I got back to the room there was a note from my husband telling me he was at a business/dinner meeting with some people he had met playing golf and would be back before 10:00.
Feeling horny and slutty having anticipated fucking my husband when I get back to the room. I figured I would just change clothes accordingly, and walk down the street and grab a bite to eat. Grabbing my old tattered jean shorts I sometimes wore as a cover over my bikini bottoms at home, I didn't bother to button or zip them up, then grabbed a sexy and revealing lace up lite cotton cropped top that showed off my tummy above my exposed bare pelvic bones and bare opening between my unsupported breasts. I intentionally left the lace loose after pulling it over my head to allow my boobs to move freely, unrestrained and on display, exposing a lot of extra cleavage, along with my shorts open to just above my smooth pussy, I felt so slutty, dressed but not properly.
Walking a few blocks alone, thinking to myself, "I don't need my husband to be with me to show off, I am rocking it!" I wanted to touch myself so bad but I resisted.
I could feel the eyes taking in my body. My breasts moving with each step half exposed under the thin loosely laced cotton top and my shorts moving on my hips feeling like they were about to drop to my ankles at any moment, open well below my pierced belly button.
I stopped at a shop and found a blue net cover up, which got my wheels turning for tonight's adventures. I bought it without even trying it on. Then headed to the Ice Cream shop for a dinner of Strawberry Ice Cream. It was getting dark, as I continued down the street a little further with my bag in hand towards the pub we had stopped at a few days ago and played pool.
While walking and eating my ice cream cone I could feel the right strap of the top moving off my shoulders, the movement of my tits had loosened the lace even more. I so wanted to let it go but there were still too many younger people on the streets shopping and being tourist.
One of the guys standing outside a bar saw me pushing the strap back up and said, "Damn young lady, why you doing that?" Then asked me to come in and play some more pool the whole time staring at my chest and barely covered nipples.
He laughed telling me he loved my shirt, commenting it wouldn't take much for me to fall out of it like the other night.
I told him, "It was still early and I wasn't dressed for it but I would be back in a few hours or so."
He laughed and told me, "I'll be waiting for you and please wear that top just like it is now!"
I laughed at him, "Why you wanting to see my tits again?" then continued down A1A wanting to be ogled.
I had walked all the way down to the Bahia Mar Hotel before I realized. I took the cross walk over to the beach side of A1A and head back toward where we were staying. I abandoned the sidewalk and headed toward the beach away from the crowded sidewalk to allow my top to do as it wished now heading into the slight breeze.
It didn't take long before the strap was once gain sliding off my shoulder, but this time I let it drop away falling to my elbow. Several older couples were out for their evening walks from the condos at the South end of Lauderdale. I was more than willing to let the older men have a peek at my swaying bare breast and open shorts as we passed each other, even though it didn't show as much as my bikini bottoms somehow it felt more revealing.
I continued that way for the half mile or so getting close to the hotel, I pulled the strap back up to cover myself before I headed to the sidewalk along A1A, then crossing to the other side where the bars and restaurants were.
I walked back to the room while enjoying the crowd of people more my age, again watching me sway and jiggling.
Back at the room jumped in the shower, added a bit of make-up, wrote my hubby a note telling him I would be at the pub playing pool with the guys and no telling what I will be wearing by the time he got there.
I then pulled the tags off blue net cover, slipping it on it was obviously designed to be worn over swimsuits or lingerie. The small holes, now stretched over my body were a lot bigger than I had anticipated they would be. To the point the holes were big enough that my hard nipples poked through, not really covering anything. I knew my husband was going to stroke out when he catches up with me later. I felt almost naked in it wearing thing under it, I grabbed a pair of spiked heels I brought.
I stepped back and looked in the minor, and it was obvious I wasn't wearing a thing under it, my big soft nipples perfectly on display, everything showed, it was so short that it barely covered my butt, which only added to my excitement making me damp between my legs.
The sun I had gotten today had made a small patch of untanned skin in the front where my thong bottom had been, adding to the visual effect of my near nakedness. I headed out the door and straight to the Pub.
I felt so sexy walking down A1A practically naked, my tits swaying and ass jiggling. People staring at me, some smiling at me, a few making complementing comments just loud enough for me to hear.
The guys I had played with a few nights ago cheered as I came around the corner and through the door, one of them asked why I didn't just come naked, I told him I might leave that way! Another cheer went up and one of them handed me a beer.
I then told him, I wanted to shoot some pool, so he walked over to the bartender and asked for 10 dollars in quarters, introduced himself as Willie and slapped the quarters down on the table, "Your table," he said, and he racked the balls up for me. I asked what we were playing for, Mike quickly said your dress, I told him let's start with beers, I ain't that good!
He told me to break and then he and a bunch of the other guys headed to the end of the table to watch me bend over and break. I already knew the game, so I spread my feet a bit and slowly bent over at the waist and showed them just what they were looking for. The bikini cover wasn't that long to start with, so when I leaned over a little I could feel it sliding over my butt showing all my charms, hoping I was showing them my bare puffy lips, I wanted them to see as much of me as possible.
I turned and looked at them and one guy said take your time. I broke and asked one of the guys, Mike I learned was his name, for a double shot of tequila. Within seconds there were two of them on the pool table, I shot one down and made my shot, missed and went and got the other shot.
I asked Mike, "Are y'all trying to get me drunk?"
"Hell yeah, we like you drunk!" He answered.
Willie dropped a few balls, but I don't know how, he was watching me the whole time.
When it was my turn, I made a shot again pulling on a show for those watching me, I was handed another tequila afterwards.
I shot it down and tried to make another shot, bending, moving my feet apart and twisting for them. I missed and was given another tequila, I told them I was going to have to slow down or I was going to get sick, I shot it down and asked for a beer, climbed onto a stool and watched Willie shoot as I felt the rapid shoots of tequila creeping up on me.
He dropped a few more balls in the holes, mine I finally figured out! Then missed again, when I hopped off the stool, I had to catch myself as the tequila had really kicked in. I shot what was left of my balls and won. I watched a bit dizzy while another guy racked up the balls.
I broke again and was given another shoot of tequila during the game. We finished up with me winning again, but I told them I needed to sit down for a minute, my head was swimming.
We sat there talking, partying, me being ogled the whole time, sitting intentionally with my knees spread a bit too much. I was surrounded by biker looking guys in jean vests and loving the attention I was getting. Willie asked if my husband knew where I was, I told him, "He will if his ass ever gets back to the hotel."
He then asked if he knew what I was wearing tonight?
I told him, "No it was a surprise." While we had been talking the guys on each side of me had put their hands on my knees and had inched my knees open even farther, I pretended not to notice as the hem rose higher up my thighs almost to my hips. Allowing everyone standing in front of me to see I was completely clean shaven, spread wide and probably a bit wet.
I figured it was time to shoot another game before things got out of hand. So I hopped down off the stool, one of the guys caught me by my arm as I wobbled a bit. I was about the break when my husband walked in. Needless to say, he was a bit shocked by my outfit, but he still smiled admiring his almost naked wife showing off her body.
I giggled as he walked toward the end of the table facing the bar where I was bent over about to break. I looked back at him and winked, then repositioned moving my feet apart even father, I could feel the night air on my spread pussy lips. I could barely stand up at this point and Willie told me to break.
My hands on the table I looked at him and said, "Ok, but I am raising the stakes on this game!" Smiling at my husband looking at my spread pussy from behind me.
He said, "Ok you name it."
"You put up a 100 dollar bill on the table and I'll put up what you wanted!"
He quickly agreed pulled out a wad of big bills and slapped the 100 dollar bill on the table.
I broke with my audience behind me and not a ball dropped, Willie then ran the table and then dropped the eight ball. He walked over to me and said, "I guess I win!"
I said, "I guess you do, help me up on the bar."
Willie grabbed me by the waist and set me up on the bar. The bartender turned up the juke box a bit and clears a few drinks out of the way for me. I started dancing to the music swaying my body and groping my tits to tease the bar crowd. At first I just slowly started to creep the net dress up my thighs to my waist moving my body to the music, turning and showing off my ass. I was so afraid I was going to fall off the bar I was so drunk.
Then my husband caught my eye, he was smiling up at me, keeping eye contact I peeled off the dress up over my head and tossed it in Willie's face. I continued dancing naked until the song ended, loving every second of it, even doing a few squats in front of the men and women cheering me on. I motioned for Willie to help me down, but this time he let his hands slid up onto my breast as he set me on the floor, giving my tits a few squeezes before letting go.
He kissed my cheek and put the $100 bill in my hand; then he asked me to be sure and come back tomorrow night wearing less and with a better show.
I asked for my cover back, but Willie said he won it and it was his now. So, I just put my arm around my husband, kissing him asking if he liked my outfit.
"Well, my dick is as hard as a rock at the moment if that tells you anything! Can I get you another drink, I am liking this game you are playing!"
I just giggled, "Sure, get me another beer, if you don't mind me being naked in this bar!"
"Baby, this is a fantasy come true, I only wish you could get away with it back home!" As he runs his hand over my bare ass dipping a finger into my sweaty crack and sliding it down between my legs.
We stayed a bit longer talking trash with my new friends and being ogled even more sitting there naked. While I was sitting on the bar stool the guys and my husband kept forcing my knees apart to show off my wet pink pussy even more, he even invited a few guys to feel my breasts after he would grope me himself, until I couldn't handle it anymore, wanting to get wild with my husband, this was not the place to get fucked.
We said our good nights and out the door we went, once we got outside, he gave me his shirt to wear back to the room. I really didn't want too, but I didn't want to get arrested either, so I draped it over my shoulders leaving it open down the center.
Just before we got to the Candy Store, I stretched my arms out forcing the shirt to drop off my body, "How about naked instead of topless?" I asked him, walking past the line of people waiting to get into the club, making my tits sway even more.
He had to slow to catch his shirt as it dropped away, and then walked several steps behind me to watch my bare ass walking away, listening to the comments from people.
I went to the back gate and through the parking lot, not that I didn't want to walk through the pool area, I stopped about halfway turning around to wait on my husband. As soon as he got close I wrapped my arms around his neck and started kissing him. His hands went to my breast and I was pulling his shirt over his head. As soon as It was off I was untying his shorts and pushing them down, he didn't care either.
I squatted down and began giving his already ridged cock my mouth, quickly taking every bit of him down my throat. "Baby, you know people might be watching us right now!"
That only made me more excited making me moan as my head bobbed up and down on him, now with two of my own fingers pumping in and out of my spread pussy. I didn't take long before I made myself cum, drenching my fingers and hand with my own juices.
My husband grabbed me by my hair pulling me to my feet and turning me around with me placing my hands on the back of someone's tailgate. I knew exactly what we both wanted stepping back spreading my feet and arching my back. As soon as he slid into me with one thrust, I let out a loud moan, followed by many more as he began fucking me harder making my big tits bounce each time he pushed forcefully into me.
I felt so dirty fucking in the parking lot and not caring, becoming a bit too loud, begging my husband to fuck me harder as I squeezed my own tits. I lost count of how many times he made me cum, but I could feel my juices running down the inside of my now quivering thighs.
Moaning I begged him, "My ass, put it in my ass, oh please fuck my ass!"
He used my cum to lube me up pushing his thumb into me first while be fucked me from behind. Then I felt him pull out and guide himself into my spread ass hole.
That made me cum again as he working deeper inside me. I have to tell you this is something I don't invite him to do often, but I was gasping for air as I felt him shove this length deep into my bowels.
It didn't take long before I felt him swelling in my ass and then releasing several pumps of cum into my ass hole.
As he finished and fell against me there was an outburst of applause from behind us.
I turned to look and saw eight to ten men and women had been watching us the whole time. I just laughed and turned around to head to our room, I stopped and did a curtsy when I got next to them, feeling the cum flooding from my ass. I continued to giggle waiting for my husband to collect his clothes and join me so he could open the door.
*****
Friday Morning we woke up a bit late and my hubby asked if I wanted to beach dive or go do a charter off shore.
"Let's just do another beach dive, I can show off to more people than way", I told him.
He asked what I had in mind, I told him he will just have to wait and see. I slipped on my tiny white thong and top again, stuffed some water bottles in the tote bag and grabbed some towels. I told him to bring my dive gear first so I can be getting ready, then by the time he got back with his gear we can hit the water.
I headed out the door with the bag, my fins and mask, with him carrying my BC and weight belt for me. I recognized a few guys from the evening before sitting around the pool, they gave me a thumbs up smiling at me. As usual I was falling out my top before I got across the street, I don't know why I even try to wear it, except the cops might say something about it if I didn't.
My husband just smiled and watched, telling me I looked almost naked from the back just like last night, as I jiggled freely up onto the curb on the other side of the street. Having just allowed my left breast to escape, walking fast is not something one should do in this top, I headed toward a place to drop off the towels and my tote then fixing my top, stopping next to a couple of guys, asking them to watch my stuff while we made our dive.
I told my husband, "Please take my stuff to the water; I will be right there in just a second." The two guys asking how far out we were going, how long we could stay under, they sure were staring a lot to be gay. We chatted, again I asked them to keep an eye on our stuff answering their questions to stall for time.
He dropped off my gear then headed back, running past me headed back across the street to get his stuff. After he crossed the street, I smiled at my new friends then untied my top, pulled it over my head and stuffed it into my bag on the towel and headed to the water. I pulled on my weight belt and carried my BC out walking into the surf.
Once I was up to my waist, I squatted down and slipped into my BC. Waiting, I untied my bottoms and stuff them in my BC pocket. The way my BC was cut pushed my breasts together and out the front, not really exposing my nipples but a lot of cleavage. As the waves came in and out it was almost apparent to anyone watching me, I may not wearing my bottoms anymore.
When I saw my hubby coming, I went out a little further and dropped down so he could not tell what I wasn't wearing. He put his gear on and swam out to me before we dropped to the bottom to head to the first reef. As soon as he dropped down next to me, he immediately noticed I was naked except for my dive gear.
He stayed close behind me the whole dive watching my ass and whatever for the next forty-five minutes before he signaled, we needed to head back.
When we got back to the beach, I gave him my weight belt and reached to unzip my BC pocket. I discovered it was already open and my bottoms were gone. At first I was concerned then realized I had pranced around the beach topless already a number of times, but not completely naked yet, not that I was worried, being the exhibitionist that I had become this trip, flaunting my body everyday.
I told my husband that I had lost my bottoms and that I had two choices; go naked back to the towels or he can go get me a towel. He looked up and down the beach, he told me to give him my BC, so I unbuckle it and he helped me slipped it off.
He told me to stay right here he would be right back, I slipped back out just a bit deeper.
Along with my BC he took my, weight belt, fins, and mask heading toward the street with all our dive gear, leaving me naked in the water. A few people who saw me go in the water were watching me very intently waiting to see my bare breasts again, as I sat there naked under the water on my knees.
I figured he was going to get me another bikini, but as the waves bobbed me up and down, they could tell I was still topless. He was on the way back in just a few minutes and he surprised me he didn't bring me back a suit.
Then he really surprised me, he grabbed up the towels and my tote and headed back toward the street with them, looking back smiling at me with an evil grin. He wasn't really going to do this to me I thought in broad daylight, but when he crossed the street, I knew he was going to make me walk naked back to the room, across the beach, across A1A, and thru the pool area of our hotel.
I figured if that was what he wanted I was up for it. We were leaving tomorrow so I thought I would put on my best show yet. I stood up in the water, which brought the water just above my waist and headed toward the sandy shore, looking to see who was watching me and it felt like everyone on the beach had their eyes on me so I swished my ass and made my tits jiggle.
I stopped about thirty feet from the water and sat down with my knees up kinda covering up a little, the sand was hot on my ass and people were walking by staring at me sitting there naked on the beach. I turned to look and see if my husband was watching me, he had returned to the pool area to watch me.
So, I leaned back on my hands in the sand and dropped my knees apart, knowing my pussy lips were still engorged from last night, letting everyone see me in all my glory.
When I could not stand the hot sand anymore, I got up, brushed off some of the sand, then walked slowly to the shower at the sidewalk next to A1A and turned on the cool water. As I rinsed out my hair and washed off the sand, the cars on A1A had stopped, guys were calling to me to come for a ride, there were people standing on the sidewalk just watching me and a few people took pictures of me.
I felt so wild having that much control over all these people and being the complete center of attention. I figured I was now pushing my luck and hurried across the street headed back to the room past all the people next to the pool, who all stared, and a few guys called to me to come and join their party by the pool.
I smiled as my husband looked on, I walked over to them and asked for a beer and one of the guys was so nervous he could hardly hand it to me. I opened it and drank some of it down, they all stared telling me how brave I was and how hot my body was. I looked over at my husband again, then turned to head back to the room. Thanking the guys for the free beer.
By the time I got to the room, my hubby was right behind me, he was all over me before we could get thru the door. We half closed the door and went at it right there on the floor, we could hear people walking by the door in the breezeway as we made love.
When we finally caught our breaths, I told him I was giving up clothes, and that I wanted to be a nudist from now on. He laughed at me, not arguing at all.
He said that he would help me but within reason.
Telling him I wanted everyone to see my body, that it felt so erotic and naughty, I loved showing off more than I ever dreamed and I loved the attention I was getting being naked. He held me until we fell asleep from the dive and the exciting sex.
We woke up still on the sitting room carpet and it was already dark outside.
I told him I was hungry, and we needed to find some dinner!
He said, "It's up to you, it is our last night so we could do steaks out or pizza in, my choice."
I told him, "I want to go to that really nice steak house across the ICW, and I promise I will dress in something sexy for you to enjoy."
He told me, "Ok but you will have to wear something, this isn't the bar down the street," laughing at me.
"Well if I have too," and went to get a shower. He joined me and as soon as I was done, I jumped out and started on my hair.
I grabbed my shortest black leather skirt, my short cropped see-thru black lace top and a short leather jacket.
When my hubby come out the bathroom, I asked him, "Which top."
He said, "both."
I told him, "I am quitting clothes remember."
So he picked the short jacket, after asking if my tits would fall out the bottom.
I told him, "I don't think so, but maybe if he is lucky!" I slipped it on without zipping it and went to fix a drink.
We were ready to go and headed out the door, he asked if I was going to zip my jacket, I told him no way and went to the truck. One of the guys staying there at the hotel walked past me, he almost ran right into my husband, trying to watch me.
He caught up to me and opened the truck so I could get in before anyone else noticed me half dressed in the back parking lot.
When we got to the steak house my husband asked if I thought I would be able to get in with my boobs exposed.
I told him let's find out. When we got to the door, the lady told me I was not dressed properly to dine at this establishment.
I figured I could cause a scene or close my jacket. So I just zipped it up to just under my cleavage where my bra would be if I was wearing one, which force a good bit of my breast out the center, I ask the lady if I was presentable now, she just turned her back to me and said follow me please, in her "better than everyone" attitude.
As soon as she seated us and she turned to walk away I lower the zipper almost all the way, which all but exposed me to everyone, including part of my areolas.
When the young waiter came to our table, he could barely talk as he stared down at my breasts on displayed to him and anyone else walking past us. We ordered drinks and our meal and off he went, a few minutes later he was back with our drinks and took his time, asking if we needed anything else, water, tea, anything that he could think of to stay and check out my daring outfit.
I loved the attention and it showed as my nipples tighten and tried to poke out from under my jacket. It wasn't long before he was back with the water, that we didn't ask for, and now the other waiters were changing their routes to pass by our table, as they went back and forth from the kitchen and tables.
Our food came and we enjoyed the meal, our drinks and water glasses stayed full the whole time we were there. I must have drunk four or five mixed drinks while we were there, I could feel the alcohol making my head swirl. The next time the waiter came by my husband asked for our bill, I think he was a bit disappointed that we were about to leave.
I figured I would give him his part of his tip, when he brought the bill my hubby handed him a card, I told my husband to go wait by the door and I'd sign the receipt.
As soon as he got up, I undid the zipper completely, allowing my breast to spill out, nipples and all. When the poor guy got back to the table, he saw my jacket pushed back off my tits. His hands started shaking so bad he could hardly hand me the receipt, card and a pen. One of the other waiters stopped right behind him and just stared at me.
The attention I was getting from these young guys was beyond exotic, so after I signed the receipt, I slide the chair back and spread me legs to give them a quick show of my shaved pussy as I stood up and walked away leaving them in a daze.
As I approached the door, my husband just smiled and shook his head as I bounced toward him. When I got to him, he said, "I figured that was what you were up too," then he asked, "Why didn't you just take you jacket off?"
He shouldn't have said that, I slipped it off as we were going out the door, "You mean like this," I asked?
The two couples coming in stared in disbelief as they passed us walking down the steps to the parking lot, me carrying the jacket over my arm, one of the women winked at me as she smiled.
I could not believe how bold I had become over this past week, I just didn't care who saw me or what they saw, I just wanted to be seen and naked. We headed back to the hotel, when we got there, my husband told me to try and put my jacket back on so we could go next doors for drinks and dancing.
It was after 11:00 pm by the time we parked are our hotel. The music was thumping from across the street, and I was ready to party. I grabbed my jacket from the seat and headed across the street topless with my tits swaying with each step. When I got to the corner, my husband caught up to me again and told me to put my jacket on so we can get into the club without causing a scene.
I was getting catcalls from the guys sitting outside next to the bar's pool where they hold the bikini contests. I didn't really want to put my top back on, but I figured once I got inside, I was free to do what I wanted. I slipped it on leaving it pretty much unzipped. One of the big black bouncer who I had been flirting with all week was working the door.
I walked up the steps past everyone standing in line, jumped up into his arms wrapping my legs around him causing my skirt to ride up exposing my ass to everyone standing on the sidewalk behind me, and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
What I didn't expect was to feel his big rough hands reach down and grab two handfuls of my bare ass. His fingers felt huge as he brushed them over my ass hole and between my spread lips, if he had tried to slip one of those thick fingers inside me, I know I would have had an orgasm right there, I really wish he had attempted too.
He laughed at me as he let my ass slide out of his hands rolling my skirt up a bit more before my feet touched the ground and told me to go on in, but to not cause any trouble tonight. I looked back to see him smiling looking at my bare ass, waiting until I was walking inside before tugging it back down just a bit.
We were in for free again and ready to party. Before we get into the club good, I could see Jessie and Donna dancing with a group of guys. I could not believe what I was seeing, Jessie is wearing Donna's black fishnet dress, a black thong, no bra and a huge smile on her face.
You had to look close to see her nipples because they were almost invisible due to her Celtic pale skin color, her butt nicely outlined due to the dark thong. Donna was in a short wrap gauze type dress that tied like a halter-top with a deep "V" down the front, it had no back to it and barely covered her butt. Her tits peaked out the sides and center, it was so sheer you could see, that was all she had on, her dark brown nipples and ass crack were plainly visible even in the dim light.
I went straight to them and ask what happened to Jessie?
Jessie just smiled at me, saying I was my fault and thanked me for helping her have confidence in herself. She finally understood she too could enjoy her body and get the attention she wanted, attention that she always watched Donna get with envy.
We all started dancing, me and Jessie showing off our tits and Donna about to fall out the sides of her dress top, her cheeks flashing out the down of the skirt, my husband didn't know which one of us to watch. Guy friends they had made earlier were dancing with us watching all of our tits jiggle and bounce, a few getting a bit touchy feelie even though I was with my husband.
We finally stopped and headed for drinks, we ordered our tequilas and beers like always. As we stood at the bar waiting on our drinks, more guys wear hitting on all three of us, a few guys were being kinda rude, but I guess when you dress trashy you have to put up with it. I mean, my tits were on display for anyone walking by, Jessie you had to look twice to see her nipples but they were there if you looked a little closer, and Donna her ass and tits were still covered, but just barely and quite visible through the sheer material.
We got our drinks and headed back to the dance floor, as we danced my husband started dancing behind me, rubbing his crotch into my butt crack. I just bent forward a bit and rubbed back. He reached under my skirt and started rubbing my cheeks with his hands raising my skirt over my ass as he went higher. When I stood up, my ass as well as my pussy was now on display. I asked if him he wanted me naked on the dance floor or what?
Before he could answer, I let my jacket slide down my arms and into his hands, leaving me topless and my skirt around my waist. The music was loud and I was enjoying being naked around all these people, some of which hadn't notice my nakedness yet. I turned around to face my husband, then started rubbing my wet pussy on his leg.
Donna moved in behind my husband and started rubbing her tits against his back and wrapped her hands around him and was rubbing his chest and my tits. Then I felt a pair of hands come from behind me under my arms and onto my tits and then pinching my nipples, I figured it was Jessie so I didn't push them away.
My husband pulled Donna around so she was facing me, sandwiched between me and him. He started rubbing her tits in front of me and it wasn't long before her thin narrow top was pushed to the center exposing her tits to me and the other people around us watching our exhibitionism.
Then I felt another hand on my ass, then another moving across my thigh and onto my pussy from behind.
I looked down at the hands on my tits belonged to a black person and the hand that was pushing between my legs and into my slit were a white persons, I was being groped by two different people and I wasn't about to stop them. My husband had stepped back with his hands full of Donnas tits and was smiling as he watched these hands groping his wife's body.
There were guys now feeling Donna's tits and ass as well along with my husband, she too was willfully allowing it to happen.
The guys and a few girls had become a wall, crowded around Donna and I, some participating and others just watching. I looked over and could barely see my husband through them. I felt hands pulling on the skirt around my waist, I don't know how many hands were covering me.
I just closed my eyes and was starting to lose myself in this wild experience, then I felt the hands pushing my skirt down from my waist, then over my hips, I knew they were about to strip me completely as the skirt continued down my thighs, then it dropped towards the floor.
There was no way I could reach down and get it as the guys behind me, beside me and in front of me had their hands all over my body keeping me from bending over. I looked over at Donna, she had her hands behind her head, pulling her hair onto the top of her head.
I was able to pull her closer to me, grinning at her I pulled the tie on her dress, it unraveled from her shoulders, then from around her waist, falling down her legs into a pile on the floor leaving her as naked as I was. Hands were all over us, several fingers were trying to enter me from the front and rear, I was so wet a few were succeeding.
We were dancing shaking our tits at the guys, grinding our asses into guys crotches behind us. One of the guys behind her who was obviously fingering her was trying to get Donna to bend over even though there wasn't near enough room, I figured he was getting ready to give her something right there on the dance floor.
I knew things were getting ready to get out of hand and the bouncers would be there shortly to shut us down. I looked around for my husband or Jessie and couldn't see them anywhere, so I grabbed her hand and started pulling her toward me as hands tied to hold us in place. I pushed my way toward the rest rooms with Donna in tow, where I figured we would be safer.
Several of the guys were following us as we made our way into the lady's room. We were met by my husband and Jessie near the hallway, I asked Jessie to try and go find our clothes on the dance floor, she said she will try.
She turned and left though the wall of guys still trying to touch us. As Jessie literally pushed her way between them, she became the toy instead of us, hands started on her ass, lifting her fishnet dress over her ass, grabbing her little tits through the barely there material, grouping her as she pushed past them, attempting to push their hands away from her dress and body, but as able kept going.
I got my jacket from my husband, he gave his jacket to Donna. It wasn't long before Jessie came back empty handed with several larger holes ripped into her net dress where guys had managed to tear it to get to her bare body under neither, I told her to give me her panties so we could get out of here.
She said "No!"
I told her, "Either trade me the dress for my jacket or give me the panties."
She choose the panties, stepping behind me she slip them down and handed them to me. I slipped them on, then we headed toward the door across the dance floor which was the shortest route.
As soon as we started to cross the floor the guys recognized us and started feeling us up again, this time Jessie was getting it with us. It wasn't long before her dress was being pulled up and her ass and pussy were on display, she squealed a few times as the holes became bigger over her small tits, down her back and sides, destroying Donna's dress. There was barely enough of it intact to keep it on her, the top ripped away from the front over her right boob to almost her belly button, draping to her side.
Guys had their hands all over my ass and tits again too, my jacket was pulled off my shoulders and down to my elbows, but my husband helped me keep it on. We made it across the dance floor, out the door and onto the sidewalk. Once outside I realized I had lost the panties there were so many hands groping me, now nude from my waist down.
I told them all "Let's go across the street to the beach and rest a few minutes." We were a site crossing A1A, three of us half dressed. We sat on the wall facing the ocean with our backs to traffic in hopes the cops wouldn't notice our lack of clothing, but the people walking on the sidewalk all noticed. Especially Jessie with her pale skin and black net dressed covered in rips and tears down her back exposing her ass crack.
We then decided to go and walk the beach seeing how we were all leaving in the morning. As we walked there were not a lot of people so I suggested we all go for a quick swim, before anyone could answer, I dropped my jacket and headed toward the water, Donna was right behind me. To my surprise my husband and Jessie stripped and were making their way to the water too.
We played a in the water little bit and then Jessie started asking about sharks feeding at night and other sea creatures, that ended our swimming.
We headed back up the beach while my husband and Jessie got dressed, I gave my jacket to my husband and before Donna could get the jacket she had been wearing back on, I handed that one to him as well.
I grabbed Donna's hand and we started walking down the beach, it felt so erotic to be walking hand in hand with another woman naked on the beach less than a hundred feet from the busy A1A highway. Feeling my bare breasts swaying free of clothing as the warm ocean breeze blew across my naked body, watching Donna's dark nipples and round ass jiggle with each step.
When we got near our hotel, I asked Donna if she wanted to put on a show, she asked what I had in mind. I told her to follow me, as I headed toward the opening in the wall and over to the shower. People had already stopped when we walked up naked, I turned on the water and damn it was cold.
We rinsed off real quick, we didn't do what I had planned, I was going to wash her body for her, but there was no way I nor her, could have done it in that cold water. But we still had traffic stopped and an audience.
Stepping out the shower I pulled her too me and kissed her, she quickly responded, her tongue separating my lips, then she began feeling my left breast in front of my husband and the people watching us.
It didn't last long, I kissed her one last time and told Donna she was on her own now and grabbed my husband's hand and we ran across the street toward the hotel.
Again, he was trying to do me in the breezeway before we could get through the door and into the room. We made love in the doorway and then headed to bed after we had made a giant wet spot on the floor.
*****
The next morning we got up and started packing our stuff, I had so much fun being naked for all the people I had met or show off for over the week. I remained naked all morning with no desire to put clothes on.
As I got things ready to go, I would put them by the door. Once he started carrying things out, I started putting things out in the breezeway still naked. A few people walked by and stared at me as I walked back and forth until we had everything loaded.
I was checking the room one last time, my husband came into the room and asked if we had loaded everything?
I told him "yes."
Then he asked what I was going to put on for the trip home?
I said last night I was giving up clothes and walked out the door toward the truck. He pulled the door shut and said he would be there in a minute he was going to check out.
I wasn't ready for that one and stopped at the end of the breeze way and watched him walking toward the front office. I have been naked around the hotel several times at night but not during the day when lots of people were around the hotel taking care of business and heading to the beach or pool.
I figured if this was what I wanted, I was going to have to go through with it all the way and headed into the parking lot. When I got near our truck I noticed there were three guys and a pretty petite blonde in a thong bikini there standing around the back of a truck drinking beer next to ours, I am sure my husband knew they were there after loading our things.
As I got closer all their attention turned to me. I just walked up to them and asked them for a beer while I waited for my husband. One of the guys reached into a cooler and gave to me without taking his eyes off me. Another of them asked if I was looking for a party or if maybe I didn't own any clothes. Another telling the girl she should walk around like me.
She was quick to tell him, "If I had a body like her and maybe if you would buy me the boobs I would!"
The guys all laughed, one of them telling her, "Girl you got all the boobs you need!"
I then told him after my week in Lauderdale I had decided to become a nudist and I was starting today. We chatted a little more, the guys trying to convince the blonde to go topless like me, others commented more than once about my body, my perfect breasts, how brave I was to walk around naked and how lucky my husband was to have a woman like me who was not afraid to flaunt it.
Before I finished my beer my husband came through the breeze way smiling at me. I thanked the guys for the beer, then climbed into our truck and we headed towards I-95 north for what I knew would be an interesting ride home, having watched many trucked looking down at my tanned legs on the trip down.