Copyright © 2022 : Rae Finley, All Rights Reserved
This work may not be published under any circumstances without this copyright.
*****
"He's swapping out the car, but I can keep you company while he's gone."
I smiled nervously and nodded which made him grin widely
"Where's Marco and Carl?"
"On break. You know that show you and Vic put on yesterday was something else. I haven't been able to get you off my mind since."
I glanced around nervously wishing Victor would come back already.
"Uh yeah, thanks, I think."
"Yeah he's great and all but I think you and I would have a lot more fun."
I stepped back slightly, running into the table behind me and shook my head.
"Um, thank you but no I don't think so."
He smirked and stepped closer, pressing me up against the table and I looked around frantically, wishing anyone would come in.
"Don't worry, no one will disturb us. C'mon we all saw how easy you are. And you made sure everyone knew you weren't a virgin, so what's the problem princess? That's what you like to be called right?"
I squirmed uncomfortably as he pressed his body up against mine and wrapped his arms around me, cornering me in. I pressed my eyes closed trying to block out what was happening. I did like it when Victor called me that but when Tommy said it, it just felt gross and weird.
"Tommy, stop, please just back up."
He shook his head and grabbed my wrists pinning them down painfully.
"She said back up."
I turned in shock to see Victor walking into the garage, looking at Tommy with murder in his eyes. Tommy immediately stepped back and put his hands up defensively.
"Fine, this better?"
Victor hurried over to me and scanned my face.
"Did he touch you?"
I shook my head.
"No, he just grabbed me. I'm ok."
He looked me over again before nodding in satisfaction and pulling me to him, wrapping an arm over my shoulders protectively. Then he turned back to look at where Tommy was glaring at us.
"What the fuck did you think you were doing."
"Hey I didn't do anything you didn't do. She made it clear yesterday she's a slut."
Victor stepped towards him angrily and almost snarled his response.
"I didn't almost rape her. If she says stop. You stop."
"Oh c'mon she's been practically begging for it all day. She's obviously a tease."
"Don't you dare fucking blame her because you don't have the ability to control yourself."
Victor turned, guiding me with him as he started leading me out of the garage. He stopped, grabbing my stuff off his bench before glancing back at Tommy.
"We aren't done talking about this."
Tommy's eyes widened slightly in fear before he rolled them instead trying to play it off like he didn't care.
"Whatever man, I didn't realize you were so attached to a whore."
Victor went to step towards him angrily but stopped when I touched his arm. He looked down at me, then back at Tommy and sighed before turning around to walk with me outside. He took me out to his car and opened the passenger door for me, helping me in and closing it behind me. Then walked around to get in the driver's side. He sat for a minute watching me before talking.
"I'm sorry about him. I can't believe he did that. You sure you're ok?"
I nodded.
"Yeah, he just cornered me and grabbed my arms. But you've got nothing to be sorry for, who knows what he would've done if you hadn't come in."
He sighed and nodded slowly.
"I don't want to think about that. But none of this would've happened if I hadn't done what I did yesterday. I'm sorry Liliana."
My eyes widened in surprise.
"What? No, it's not your fault. Like you said, if they say stop or no, you stop. But I never said either to you. I wanted it just as much as you did."
He smiled sadly and nodded before starting the car.
"Where to?"
I chewed my lip and gave him directions as we pulled out of the lot. It was clear he blamed himself but he didn't seem to want to talk about it. So we drove in silence except for the occasional direction from me on where to turn. Eventually we pulled up at the gate out front and he looked up at it curiously.
"Damn, you guys really are rich."
I smiled awkwardly.
"We're ok I guess, why don't you come in?"
He shook his head slowly and sighed as he turned to face me.
"No, I think it's best if I don't. In fact, I don't think we should see each other again. I mean obviously if you come in with your dad again we might run into each other, but... nothing more."
"Why not? I thought you liked me?"
He smiled softly and nodded.
"I do. Obviously I do, but it's for the best you know? We come from different worlds, this could never work."
"We can't know if we don't try. We just met yesterday for God's sake."
"I know... I'm sorry."
I sighed and picked up my things, trying to hide the tears pricking my eyes as I got out.
"Well if you change your mind you know where to find me. The gate code is 6743."
And with that I closed the door and walked over, punching in the code and waiting for the gate to open. I was hoping he would say something, change his mind or call out, but he didn't and I sighed again as I walked in and up the driveway. I heard the gate slide shut behind me and the sound of his car as he drove away.
I spent the next few hours hanging around the house sadly, trying to keep myself busy as best I could. There were more than a few times I picked up my phone and went to call him, but I always stopped myself. He had said he didn't want to see me and I wanted to respect his wishes.
As the sun set I finally gave up and went and changed into my swimsuit before heading down to our pool. Swimming always made me feel better. Something about it was comforting and relaxing no matter what kind of day I'd had.
I started doing laps, going back and forth with a rigorous pace, hoping tiring myself out with exercise might make me feel better. I didn't bother keeping track of how many I did, but by the time I stopped I noticed the moon and stars lighting the sky.
I leaned my head back on the concrete at the edge of the pool and closed my eyes, enjoying the feeling of the cool water on my skin.
"You look relaxed."
I jumped at the sudden voice, smacking my arm against the edge of the pool and spun around to face them. Victor was leaning against the side of the house smirking down at me.
"What the fuck Victor. You nearly gave me a heart attack."
He chuckled and walked over to me, sitting down on the concrete and watching me. I glared at him cradling my arm to my chest but I had to admit I was happy to see him.
"What are you doing out here by yourself princess?"
"My dad's out of town, remember? And no one else lives here."
He looked at me curiously.
"You don't have any siblings?"
I shook my head sadly.
"No. My mom died giving birth to me so..."
"Oh. I'm sorry I shouldn't have-"
I shook my head, cutting him off quickly.
"No it's ok. You didn't know."
The silence dragged on for a minute and eventually I broke it tentatively. No longer able to stop my curiosity.
"You came back."
He smiled softly and nodded.
"Yeah. I tried to stay away, but I couldn't stop thinking about you. And after yesterday, I didn't exactly sleep well last night, I can't imagine trying to sleep tonight after everything."
"I didn't sleep well either, it was a pretty restless night."
He smirked and stood up quickly. I watched curiously as he quickly pulled his shirt up and over his head. He started unbuttoning his jeans and my breath caught in my throat.
"Do you have a suit?"
He grinned as he pulled his jeans and boxers off in one motion.
"Do I need one?"
Before I could answer he dove into the water and I attempted to block the water from the splash. He surfaced and I laughed as he swam over to me.
"I guess not."
He stopped and stood up in front of me, water dripping sexily from his body and I swallowed as I stared at him. My eyes slid up slowly until they locked with his, and he smirked again.
"Admiring the view?"
I blushed and grinned.
"Can you blame me? Look at you."
He chuckled and leaned down so our faces were only inches apart.
"Was that a compliment princess?"
I smirked and bit my lip as I stared into his eyes.
"What if it was?"
He smiled and leaned in, pressing his lips against mine. I smiled and kissed him back hungrily, wrapping my arms around his neck. Victor put his hands on my waist pulling me closer and I smiled as I felt his nakedness against me. A minute later he pulled back and we both caught our breath.
"I don't think I should be the only one naked."
He said, his voice low and husky. I smirked and reached behind me pulling the strings of my suit, releasing the top of my suit and letting it fall off me into the water. Then reached down and pulled at the other strings on either side of the bottom piece of my suit. Releasing that as well before grabbing both and tossing them out of the pool.
"Better?"
I asked as I grinned up and his eyes scanned my exposed breasts before he smirked.
"Much."
He bent and kissed me again hard as he gripped my waist, pulling us back together tightly. I sighed as I finally felt his naked body against mine. Victor picked me up and I wrapped my legs around him and kissed him passionately.
He stepped forward so my back was against the edge of the pool, grabbing my butt to hold me up against him. My arms wrapped around his neck and I licked his lip, asking for entrance. Victor's mouth opened willingly and our kiss deepened, building the heat between us.
I ground myself against him, loving the feeling of his naked cock against my lips. He groaned and pulled back slightly to stare into my eyes, his gaze full of lust.
"Mind if we get out of the water?"
I nodded and went to let go, but he pulled me tighter against himself and smirked. Then started walking while holding me and carried me up and out of the water. I clung to him in fear of being dropped.
"I can walk!"
I yelped and he chuckled before pecking me lightly on the lips.
"Nope. There's no way in hell I'm letting you go now princess."
I swallowed at the slightly possessive tone but had to admit it turned me on too. I bit my lip and stared up at him as he laid me down on one of the upholstered sofas before leaning over me and kissing his way down my body. He made it to my chest and began licking and sucking my breasts.
I sighed and watched as his hand came up to massage my other breast, pinching my nipple lightly as his other hand cupped my hip. This man was absolutely amazing and I moaned softly in contentment, making him smile up at me.
"Have I told you how fucking sexy your moan is?"
I smiled at the compliment and stared into his eyes as I answered.
"Well I'm only moaning because of how skilled you are."
He grinned and bent back down, kissing his way lower down my abdomen before I stopped him.
"You did that for me yesterday. Now it's your turn."
I tried to sit up but he put his hand on chest, pushing me back down gently. I tried getting up again and he looked up at me with a playful glare.
"If you don't stay down princess. I'll tie you up."
I froze and dropped back down onto the soft cushions, then my mind started to drift and I wondered what it might be like to have him tie me up. Honestly it sounded exhilarating. Then all those thoughts vanished as I felt his lips land on my clit and start sucking.
My moan echoed through the warm night air and my back arched slightly in pleasure. His hands moved down to my legs softly pushing them further apart and then sliding his hands up my inner thighs.
A single finger started to circle the entrance to my vagina and I pushed myself up slightly hoping it would go in. He chuckled and moved his finger to softy stroke back and forth inside my lips.
"What did I tell you about patience?"
I groaned in frustration but lowered my body back down onto the cushions and he smiled and nodded.
"Good. Now don't move."
Then he ducked back down and started flicking my clitoris with his tongue as his finger made its way back to my entrance and I let out a long, drawn out, moan as he finally slid it inside. I felt him smile against my and moved my hands to my breasts, massaging them and pinching at my nipples.
Victor slowly stroked the single digit in and out of me for a few motions before inserting a second finger in alongside the first. I moaned and looked down, watching the top of his head as he pleasured me. I needed him inside me.
"Victor, please I need to feel you in me."
I felt him pause briefly then continue the motion of his fingers as he looked up.
"We'll get there princess. But you're fucking tight, I need to loosen you up a little or I won't even fit."
I nodded and laid back enjoying the feeling of his fingers moving inside me. His mouth went back to my clit and I moaned as he nipped lightly at it. Then he slid in a third finger, moving them all inside me, rotating and spreading them as he tried to stretch me enough to accommodate him.
All I knew was that it felt incredible and I could feel my release building quickly. He pushed them in as far as they would go and I groaned as my eyes fluttered closed.
"Yes, I'm so close."
He instantly started moving faster. His tongue lapped against my clit as his fingers hammered into me. I pinched my nipples hard and writhed under his skilled hands.
"Oh Victor, fuck yes. Harder."
Victor responded to me instantly and I focused all of my attention on his fingers slamming into me. Then screamed out into the night as I came hard against him. The ripples of pleasure tore through my body in waves and he kept moving his fingers in me slowly to draw out the pleasure.
"That was amazing."
I sighed as I relaxed into the cushions before realizing he hadn't stopped moving inside me. I looked down at him curiously and he smirked up at me.
"I think we can get you one more."