Unexpectedly unemployed, Owen had to find a cheaper place to swim. He could, of course, stop swimming until he was offered a new job, but slipping on tight swim shorts and gliding strongly through the water was one of the few pleasures he still had.
A neighbouring area had a municipal pool, the monthly membership of which was well within his budget. Amazingly so, in fact. After going for a test swim he was impressed with the facility. How could the local authority afford this?
It didn't take long for him to get back into his routine of swimming every other day. The communal showers took a bit more getting used to; his previous pool had private cubicles. Being in a room full of naked men felt strange at first, but Owen quickly got used to it.
After a particularly tiring swim Owen was on his way out when the receptionist beckoned him over. He was a handsome man in his late 40s, well spoken and with beguiling blue eyes.
"How are you enjoying your membership?" the man said.
"Oh, I'm enjoying it very much, thank you."
"Very good. We're implementing a new system whereby you will need to book a slot to swim. This should ensure the lanes don't ever get too busy. You can book in the app."
"OK, got it, thanks."
When Owen tried to book on the app he found that there were only a few slots available each day. Luckily they were at times he usually went for his swim. Sure enough, the lane wasn't too busy and, when he had finished, the other men in the pool seemed to finish too. This, of course, meant that the shower was particularly busy.
Owen found a vacant shower at one end of the communal area, on its own wall. He undressed, hung his swim shorts on a peg and began to lather up. Only when he turned around to sluice the lather from his butt did he notice that he was the only one naked. The other men still wore their shorts and a couple of them quickly looked away, as if they had been watching him. Was there a new non-nudity rule he'd missed?
He quickly finished his shower and dressed. The handsome receptionist was at his post and so Owen approached and asked:
"Erm, I don't have to shower in my swimming shorts do I?"
"No," the man smiled, "nudity is fine."
"Ah, right, it's just I was the only one who...never mind."
This happened the next time Owen swam too. He was the only one naked in the shower and the communal area was full of the other men who, moments ago, had been sharing the pool with him. More of them were now looking at him, their gazes lingering before turning away.
"The...er, I seem to be attracting attention in the shower."
"I see," the receptionist replied.
"Is everything OK? I really want to keep swimming here and so I don't want to upset anyone."
"You haven't upset anyone."
"I haven't?"
"No, quite the opposite in fact. How do you think this pool is funded? Why do you think it's so affordable for you?"
"Oh, I just assumed it was a well-run council."
"I'm sure it is, but this pool is mostly funded by men who pay to enjoy other men."
"Enjoy other men?"
"Enjoy the sight of naked men. They choose the man they wish to see naked and we match them via the app. This is why you now have slots to book. When you first joined it was like a selection process, a kind of matchmaking where the funders could assess you. Your admirers then get matched to your swimming slot."
"Huh?"
"But don't worry, they only want to watch."
Owen turned without replying and marched out of the building. His mind churned as he journeyed home. Was this legal? Maybe. Was it abusive and exploitative? Almost certainly. Would he ask for his money back?
It was a couple of days later that Owen decided that no, he did not want his money back. He would just cancel the membership. The day after he came to that decision he hesitated. Maybe he wouldn't cancel the membership just yet.
When he returned to the pool he now looked more closely at the other faces in the lanes. He recognised most of them. Suddenly he grew nervous about getting out and going to the shower. He would be on display. But he could always keep his shorts on, or just not even bother showering off the pool water.
Owen, however, realised that he wanted to be on display. Being an object of lust was a new feeling for him, and he liked it. He'd explored his sexuality in the past and, after much deliberation, concluded that he was heterosexual. Simply being naked for these men felt OK. It felt good, especially knowing it would go no further, which the receptionist had earlier convinced him of.
Sure enough there was one shower available to him, the one which was on full view to all the other men. He knew that his audience knew that he knew. Now Owen put on a performance.
He began by closing his eyes and slowly turning under the warm water, his shorts tight enough to give a strong hint of what was beneath. Not wanting to keep his audience waiting, he faced the wall and slowly peeled the shorts over his butt, letting them slide over his legs until he stood naked.
After a squirt of soap from a dispenser he began to lather himself in soft white bubbles, which clung to his strong back and slid teasingly between his buttocks. When he turned he noted that everyone was unashamedly watching him. After a brief moment of doubt he continued.
Yet more soap was applied to his chest, which he rubbed until more foam appeared. His hands ran over his hips, over his thighs and then, to the delight of the voyeurs, on to his cock. Hands made strong by years of swimming gently grasped the shaft and coated it in lather. Balls were briefly taken in hand and soaped up too.
All the other men remained clothed, Owen was the only naked one among them. They didn't touch themselves (although there were some visible signs of arousal), they just watched. Emboldened by this, Owen turned and rinsed the water from his back and butt, briefly pulling his cheeks apart to ensure all the soap had gone and, of course, letting his audience see that very private place in between.
By now his cock was somewhat engorged, thrilling at the attention. It was semi-erect when Owen turned once more and let the shower water rinse his cock clean, his hand briefly rubbing himself there to remove every last sud and to give as good a show as he felt comfortable doing today.
The next time he performed, however, he took it a step further. Now he left his cock fully lathered and stroked it until fully erect. This seemed to be what the other men wanted as they watched, captivated by the smooth, hard dick belonging to the gorgeous 30 year-old hunk.
Each subsequent swim brought with it ever-more x-rated shows. Owen's finger gently probing his soapy asshole. Some soft groans as he stroked himself. Then, one day, full orgasm. His audience gathered as close as they could while Owen masturbated and, fondling his balls and unable to stop the inevitable, he shot spurts of cum far across the shower room floor.
His cheap membership continued. Performing for his audience became part of his swimming routine. Even when he found a job with decent pay he continued to go to the pool funded by voyeurs who couldn't get enough of his exhibitionism.