This is a tale of sheer fantasy in all respects. Much of the behavior depicted here is psychopathic, and should in no way be emulated. In real life, it is incumbent on all of us to ensure consent in any situation, and to show respect and empathy to those around us—not just with regard to sex, but in every aspect of life.
* * * * *
For some time, I had dreamed of having mind-control. Sexual mind-control to be precise. The kind where you can exert your mental power so that the beautiful girl who hardly knows you exist suddenly strips naked in the middle of your college seminar, or pulls you behind a tree to suck your cock, or just can't wait to take your dick up her ass. I had thought about it so hard for so long that I'd even begun to dream about it; until at last the idea obsessed me—crowding everything else out of my waking mind, and filling my nights with feverish visions.
Then, one day, when I was still taking acting classes at CUNY, I suddenly realized that my fixation was not without a basis in fact. I understood, in an instant, that I was special (an evolved specimen of humanity, perhaps), and that, for me, mind control—or, more specifically, the ability to arouse, shape, and direct the erotic energy of others—was actually possible. I don't know how, exactly, but I just knew, with utter certainty, that this power was already latent within me, and only needed to be brought to the surface and exercised.
I remember it as clearly as yesterday. I was riding a bus downtown when the realization first struck. There was this hawk-nosed, frizzy-haired young blonde sitting across from me at the time. She was slightly-trashy—trying for the 'sexy-professional' look, but with skirt cut too high and blouse plunging too low to pull it off—and I decided she would do nicely for my first experiment. By all appearances, her innate resistance to my psionic suggestions would be lower than the norm.
I thought it best to start off with something simple; so I began by staring, intently, demandingly, at the V of her top, focusing all my attention on the exact spot where a bit of bra showed beneath. I cleared everything from my mind, everything, except for my will that she should show me her tits. I allowed that singular idea to reverberate in my brain, swelling and intensifying and redoubling to an awesome crescendo. My brow furrowed, and I transmitted my mental commands with an intensity I had never known I possessed: unbutton your blouse, pop open your bra, flash me. I could hardly breathe as I heard the blood rushing in my ears, felt the electricity crackling across the empty space between us, and waited for her to comply...
Which she never did, of course, because mind control is hooey. After enduring a minute or two of my undivided attention, the woman got up, snarled, "what are you looking at, pervert?," and moved to a different seat. After that, I decided maybe I'd better stick to scoring the old-fashioned way. I spent the rest of the trip developing pick-up lines that I could use on that cute girl in my scene-studies course—the one who had just broken up with her boyfriend...
* * * * *
OK, so maybe mind control is a dud. Still, if you are assertive enough, and you are with someone submissive enough, then that can be almost the same thing. I learned that with Marie. Marie and I were the leads, one summer, in an off-off-Broadway play.Learning to Accept, I think it was called. It was a somewhat experimental (that is to say, pretentious and slightly tedious) production, directed by this crazy Slovak method-guy named Pavel. I remember that when I met Marie at the first read-throughs, I wondered how she had ever been cast for the part. It's not that she didn't know her stuff—she was a serious and competent actor, better than most that I've worked with. Still, although she was pretty in real life terms, she didn't strike me as gorgeous enough for a leading role in even the outer fringes of New York theater. She was the type of female who normally landed parts like 'cute maid,' or 'supposedly-plain best friend.' Really, to put a finer point on it, the issue is that she was so nondescript. She just seemed too quiet, too within herself, too shy, too free of personality to ever make it in this business. I assumed at first that she had slept with Pavel or one of the producers to get the role, but over time I came to believe that probably wasn't it. No, I think Pavel had intentionally chosen someone extra-pliable, so he could mold her performance, and thereby 'prove' his genius, if only to himself.
As for me, well, I guess I was pliable enough in my own way, too—not by nature, but because I just didn't care enough about this rinky-dink production to waste energy arguing with the director. I'd show up, mouth my lines, and pocket my meagre pay, while filling the time until something better came along. In truth, I figured the whole thing would fold in a week anyway. To my surprise, though, we actually had a pretty good run. It was no bang-down-the-doors hit, but we got decent notices and filled most of the seats over our three-month schedule. It turned out that Marie and I had pretty solid chemistry. She was adept at reading and reacting to my interpretations—playing off my lead, as it were.
Outside of the theater, I was bored that summer, and didn't have anything better going on, so before very many rehearsals I had already decided to screw Marie. She was undoubtedly, despite a touch of mousiness, the most fuckable woman in the cast. It turned out she was even easier than I expected: after just a few corny lines—and not taking no for an answer—she was spreading her legs for me. After a couple more weeks, I moved into her apartment, too, saving a bundle on rent.
But, all good things, etc., etc. By the end of the summer, the production was winding down, and my agent had scored me a part on one of the Avengers movies ("Heimdall Guardian 2" to be precise; I hope you appreciated the pathos I brought to the role). I was more than ready to roll out of town, but Marie was starting to get needy: we can keep this going long-distance, how often do two soul-mates find each other in this world, yadda yadda yadda. I had no intention of dragging Marie along with me up the ladder of success, and had been looking forward to the opportunity for a clean break when the production ended. Now, as the final performance approached, I began to think that I'd need to end things with her on a note of serious finality, perhaps even cruelty, in order to get her to leave me alone. One day, while I was musing about what it would take for Marie to hear me and let it go, I recalled that time on the bus when I had briefly believed I had mind-control powers. Somehow that got the wheels turning, I put two and two together, and some truly wicked notions began occurring to me as to how I might ditch Marie and get some kicks and free PR at the same time. Looking back now, I'm not proud of what I did; and yet, once you've listened to my story, I think you'll agree that I really couldn't pass up an opportunity like this.
* * * * *
The day of the final performance, I had a number of preparations to take care of ahead of the big show. First of all, I made sure my suitcases were packed and loaded in the trunk. I didn't plan on sticking around long after the final curtain to deal with the fallout.
Next, I had a little talk with Marie over brunch. "Hey, Pavel's been giving me some notes for our big scene together in Act IV. Since this is our last performance, he was thinking we should take the opportunity to open things up. You know, really push the characters to their limits; let it be raw and real."
"Are you sure, Tom? I feel like we've been in a really good groove, and maybe we shouldn't upset the apple cart for our last show"
"Well, this is what Pavel wants, Marie. He feels really strongly about it. And I think he's right—even after all these performances, we still haven't quite gotten to the heart of these characters. You have to admit that's true. He feels like we need to do something really radical to break through, and that this will be good for our development as actors. I trust him, and I'll be right there with you to help you through it."
"Well, OK Tom, I feel like I have a pretty good handle on Lillian," (her character), "but I'm always ready to learn, and I know you and Pavel still have things to teach me."
"Oh, and Marie, one other thing, unrelated. This is a special night, and to celebrate, I'm gonna fuck you like I've never fucked you before. And you know I like it when your pussy is bare and beautiful. So be sure to be ready for me!"
"Jeez, Tom..." She blushed and looked down, but the corners of her mouth raised in a little smile. I knew she'd take care of business.
Later, at the theater, I touched base with the director to tie up the loose ends on his side. "Pavel, I wanted to try something different for my Act IV scene with Marie. Something truly avant-garde, where the characters really strip themselves bare and expose their raw emotions to the audience."
This was right up Pavel's alley—"Yes, yes, this is vat I've been tellink you all summer Tom—you and Marie are still too constraindt, too inside yourselves—you've got to let go!"
"Yes, I know Pavel, your direction has been brilliant, but it's been hard to really confront such deep emotions. I feel like now, with your help, I'm finally ready." Blah blah method-acting blah. "And, to be honest, I think Marie has been holding me back. She's so uptight, it's been really hard to get her to let loose. What I want to do tonight is challenge her with some hardcore improvisation, pushing her to go beyond her boundaries and expose her truest self to the world. Can you have a word with her before the performance, maybe tell her this is your call, tell her to follow my lead and be ready to take things beyond her comfort zone? It will benefit all of us—you, me, the art, and her career."
"Yes yes! After I talk viz her, she vill be putty in your handts!"
Finally, I flagged down the house manager. "George, I'm sorry to hit you with this last minute, but I told about 20 guys from my old frat, Beta-Kappa down at CUNY, that I'd leave them tickets for tonight's show."
"Damn it, Tom, wish you'd given me some notice! The hall's is going to be pretty full tonight, but I guess we can fit them into the balcony."
"Thanks George, but I promised them great seats. I was wondering if you could squeeze in a temporary section right down there." I pointed to where a narrow platform, almost like a fashion runway, extended out from the stage into the middle of the house seating. It was used at several points in the play for actors to deliver intimate monologues directly to the audience—gimmicky, in my view, but Pavel had insisted it be built specially for the show. "We don't need that aisleway around the thrust-stage George—you could stick some chairs in there. It's good energy for the actors when they're right on top of the audience anyway."
"Hmm... Fire Marshalls would pitch a fit, but it's our last show, so what the hell. The tickets are coming out of your check, though."
"You're a lifesaver George. I won't forget you when I make it big. Oh, and a couple of other things. Pavel and I have a few changes planned for Act IV. Can you let the set guys know to add a full-length mirror to the props for my scene with Marie? And also, the lighting folks need to spotlight Marie for that scene—illuminate her brightly, from all angles. Pavel wants the audience to see how exposed and vulnerable Marie, er, Lillian, really is. Got it?"
* * * * *
We had a nice crowd for our last show, and things hummed along smoothly. I saw George had indeed crammed in some seats for my old frat bros. Their chairs butted right up against the projecting runway (it was seats like that that made actresses think hard about what they put on under their skirts). A lot of the BKs had been skeptical when I'd called around to invite them—Learning to Acceptwasn't the kind of entertainment they typically preferred—but I told them that if they stuck it out 'til the end, they'd be in for a treat.
Time flew, and before I knew it, we were taking our places for Act IV. The entire act was one long, intense sequence, which portrayed the final break between Lillian and Larry—lovers and kindred-souls, but also broken people, who were able to help each other find happiness, but not with each other. The critics seemed to buy it, but to me it all seemed like a bunch of pop-psychology dreck and half-baked innuendo. This time, at any rate, I planned to turn the subtext into text (or, maybe just into sex).
The scene would mark my final appearance of the night. My character, Larry, was absent from stage during the final act, which followed Lillian as she tried to pick up the pieces of her life—using her love and loss of Larry as a springboard toward a relationship that was more lasting and meaningful. But first we had this intimate scene together, just the two of us, out on stage for long minutes of emotion and dialogue.
The blocking had us start out close together, half facing each other, at the center of the stage. Behind us, the set was spare, and was intended to represent Lillian's kitchen—a simple wood table, a couple of matching chairs, a few abstract cupboards and appliances, and now (somewhat incongruously) a full-length mirror. Our dress was muted and down-to-earth too. I had on a dark turtleneck and pea-green dungarees (no boxers today). Marie was wearing a simple, stone-blue blouse and faded multicolor-plaid calf-length skirt. We'd done every performance barefoot, over my vocal objections, because Pavel felt strongly that this would allow the energy of the audience to flow into us through the soles of our feet (what did I tell you? nuts!).
As I said, Marie was nice looking, though not a knockout in show-biz terms. She had big hazel-blue eyes, auburn hair cut in an unkempt bob with spiky bangs, and clear, pale skin, with just a smattering of freckles. She was medium height, and had a nice willowy figure, albeit with breasts a bit smallish for my taste. Her bare feet were dainty, but other than that, her costume did little to highlight her assets. I planned to do something about that before much longer.
As the lights came up, Marie started us off on our dialogue. "Larry, why do... d..." She paused, momentarily taken aback, as the intimate lighting we normally used for this section of the performance continued to grow and swell, until the finally illumination reached a truly garish level of intensity. Spotlights located all around the theater were turned up, converging on her figure, seeming to pin her down at the heart of a gauzy spider's web. Marie's already pale skin was washed out, and every minute detail of her face and figure was picked out by one or another of the probing beams, with no nooks or crannies left in shadow. She glanced at me, eyes slightly dazzled, mouth and eyebrows set in a quizzical expression, presumably wondering if there had been some glitch with the technical crew. Then she took a quick breath, put it out of her mind, and continued. "Larry... why do you keep doubting me? What can I do to show you how I feel? I've given you everything—shown you everything about myself, but it's never enough for you."
"Lillian," I said, picking up a pair of scissors I had pre-positioned on the table and stepping toward Marie, "I know you believe that's true, but it's not. You've never really shown me what lies beneath that armor of yours. But tonight you will. You will let me truly inside. You simply have to let down your guard and allow it to happen." As I said this, I reached out, took up the placket of Marie's blouse, and began methodically cutting off the buttons, letting each one rattle across the stage as it dropped. Her eyes widened, and her lips tightened. She clearly wanted to flinch back from my hand, and the snipping blades, but she was puzzled and unsure how to respond. Anyway, we'd run through this sequence so many times that I think she found it difficult to deviate, even just by a few inches, from her mark.
"Uh... ummm... but Larry," her voice pitched a note higher than usual now, with an apprehensive edge to it, "I don't know what you're talking about. What armor?"
"This armor, Lillian, right here." Any other night, I would have gestured theatrically toward her heart, but now, instead, I flicked aside the dangling halves of her sundered blouse, left, and then right, to expose her dainty breasts, all tucked up in a modest pale-pink bra. Then I tapped her chest right at the shallow cleavage between her tits, allowing my finger to linger on her bare skin for a long second, before I circled around behind her. "I'm talking about the layers of armor you've built up over your heart, trying to keep yourself from really loving, trying to keep yourself safe. Not anymore. We're going to cut through those layers, here, now, together." So saying, I calmly and deliberately sliced her blouse up the back, and then pulled the two halves off her arms, allowing them to drop to the floor.
Although I was standing behind her, I could see a flush travelling up her bare shoulders and neck, and imagined how winning it would look as it landed on her cheeks. After a moment, she craned her neck to peer back at me, a slightly wild look in her eyes now.
"Larry..." she gritted out, obviously with an effort, "we all have our scars, our defenses. But I've let you inside mine. You know that."
Then she stopped short as she felt cold metal against her back. I saw her shoulders tense at the 'snip' when I cut open the back of her bra (so much more satisfying than just unhooking it). She wheeled around to face me, giving me an even sharper look than before, and hissed ever so softly, through barely moving lips, "Tom, what the hell are you doing?"
I grasped her bare shoulders and leaned close, to murmur in her ear. "You heard Pavel, Marie." My back was to the director at the moment, but I was pretty sure the nutty Slovak was giving her a grin and thumbs-up from the wings. He probably thought this was terribly cutting-edge. "Just go with it. Follow my lead. It's only the two of us here, now, no one else."
This may have been the crucial moment of the whole night. I figured it was 50-50 that Marie would run off the stage, then and there. I could almost see the gears turning in her head as I continued to hold her near, hands cupped lightly on her shoulders, our cheeks all but touching. She was looking past me now, straight forward into the wings, glassy-eyed—maybe trying to erase the theater and its hundreds of spectators from her mind, I thought. Finally, I saw her head, still staring off into space over my right shoulder, twitch downward slightly, in an almost imperceptible nod.
I pulled away. "No, Lillian," in stage voice again, "you have far more to give than you even realize. And tonight you are going to share it all with me." I reached over and snipped one shoulder strap of her bra, and then the other, and allowed the tattered remnants to slip off her chest and fall to the floor. Lustrous beams of light spilled across Marie's tits. They were small and perky, though not without a touch of gravitas. The nipples were half-dollar sized, ruddy pink, with a slightly vertical oval shape. And, although the theater was warm, they were at full attention, their cute, nobby center buttons pointing slightly skyward.
"I... I...," she stammered, "uh... I... I want to have more to give you Larry, but I don't know how. I don't have the key to unlock some inner-me. Do you?"
"I am the key that can fit your lock, Lillian, if you will allow it. Just give yourself over to me, and we will break down your barriers, one by one." I reached out and grasped her left breast in my hand, massaging the nipple and teasing the nub with my thumb, tracing exaggerated circles that I assumed the front-row spectators could not miss. Then I tugged on the breast to pull her around to face the audience directly, before moving to place myself behind her left shoulder.
"Yes Larry. It's hard, but I'm going to trust you, and try to let what you see in me shine forth."
I truly believe she thought I was going to stop there. Partial nudity was still well within the bounds of established theatrical idiom, after all. No doubt baring her chest, her heart, made a certain artistic and symbolic sense to her, and she assumed that this was as far as we would take things. At any rate, I saw that her head jerked up slightly, her tits heaved, her breath caught, when I started cutting down the length of her skirt. As it fell to the floor, she stood there, bathed in light, caught by hundreds of intently-staring eyes, wearing nothing but a skimpy pair of lacy, pale-pink panties, From where I was, I could see her in profile, and gazed intently. Her throat swallowed, her bare chest rose and fell in quick pants, and her lip quivered.
A long, awkward minute ticked away. The audience was riveted, but even so, after a few seconds, there was some shuffling and rustling. I could see the stage manager, off to the side, trying to mouth Marie's next line to her. Clearly, however, it wasn't that she was suffering a lapse in memory, but rather she was trying to get ahold of herself. At last she croaked out the rest of her reply, in a voice I was sure did not reach to the back of the house: "Do what you must, Tom, uh... Larry, uh... I... I am yours to... t... to mold."
"No Lillian! That is exactly your problem. You want to become the thing that I desire, but that will never work. No, you need to expose whoyoutruly are." I snipped the waistband of her panties, left and right. Marie was standing with her legs tightly together. She was slender, but still had narrow enough hips and sufficient meat on her thighs that there wasn't any thigh-gap down there. As a result, her sundered panties dangled limply, awkwardly, but didn't fall. "You need to expose yourself!" I repeated, tugging down on the back of the panties. Her tightly pressed legs generated a surprising amount of friction, but after a couple of hard jerks her briefs dropped to the ground.
I'd seen her naked a hundred times or more, of course, so I had a pretty fair idea what the audience was feasting its eyes on as she stood before them, stripped bare and floodlit. As I said, Marie's hips were narrow, so that although her waist tucked in nicely, and her belly was flat, she wasn't what you would call a classic hourglass figure. Moreover, with her legs jammed together like that, the view of her crotch had to be more tantalizing than revealing: a smooth little triangular wedge, a slight, curvaceous swelling at the mons, with just enough slit to whet the appetite and start one thinking about how to pry it open.
Unlike most of the audience members, however, I was seeing her in profile and from slightly behind. She was in full flush now, a bright glowing pink which suffused her torso and face. I saw her cute little ass tensing, and guessed she was wondering what all these people thought of her naked form—how she stacked up to the porn stars and glamour queens that set the frame of reference for feminine beauty in our media age. Her body looked stiff and wooden. She swayed slightly, and gasped in quick shallow breaths. A drop of sweat trickled down the side of her face. I hoped she wouldn't collapse. But still, her lips kept moving. "I just can't do that, Larry. I can't. There are some things that aren't meant to be seen, or known."
"Oh, it's far too late for that now Lillian. Only when we've explored your innermost desires, the shameful secret places hidden deep within you, can we truly connect with each other in the way we are supposed to. Come." I grasped her arm and pulled her. She seemed rooted to the spot, and it took a couple of hard tugs to get her to stumble forward.
She shuffled as I led her out onto the runway, into the middle of the audience. Evidently, she was still trying to keep her legs tightly together, to avoid revealing anything that lay between. When we reached the end, I turned her around to face me as I gazed into the crowd. I took both her hands in mine, and locked eyes with her. "Our love is too important to hold anything back. We need to approach it reverently, even prayerfully." Usually, at this point in the scene, we would kneel together, side-by-side, for the next several lines. Now I gestured for her to kneel with me face-to-face, instead, and she did so. I think she felt slightly less exposed that way, and was grateful.
I knelt with her silently for a moment, gazing into her eyes. Then I stood again. This wasn't how we normally did it, and she glanced up through her bangs and lashes, obviously surprised. "Lillian, you say you love me for my brains, my personality, my looks. But we both know your secret thoughts. What you really desire from me is to provide you with something you don't possess. You hunger for me to try to fill some empty part of you—to fill it wholly, completely."
As I said this, I unzipped my dungarees, and allowed my cock to burst free. Exposing Marie's body, her tits and pussy, to a room full of people had given me the biggest hard-on I'd had in years. I don't consider myself an exhibitionist, by any means, but this power-rush was a serious aphrodisiac. Heck, it was better than mind control.
I'm circumcised, and pretty well endowed under normal circumstances. Now—beet-red, rock-hard, throbbing, veins pulsing—my dick was wider and longer than I ever remembered seeing it before. Marie stared at it as it dangled in front of her, only a few inches from her face, twitching up and down slightly in time with my pounding pulse. She tried to stumble to her feet, but I pressed firmly on her shoulder, and she stayed in place. She stumbled over her lines "I... I... If I do want you to, um... uh... f-f-fill something inside me... um... it's only because I so want us to be close. To have no separation between us..."
She was supposed to go on from there, about how she really wanted me for myself, and not just to fix some broken part of her own psyche. But as she took a breath and opened her mouth to continue, I grabbed her head with both hands, quickly, and shoved my cock between her parted lips before she could react.
"Mmhmhmnmhm!!!" she tried to shriek as cock filled her mouth, sliding over tongue and throat. I had been a little worried she'd bite me, whether from anger, fear, revulsion, or simple surprise. Fortunately that didn't happen. She did press her hands against my hips and try to push me off, but she was too shocked and confused to use her entire body or full strength. I simply kept a firm grip on her head and let her squirm helplessly. Finally she became still and stared up at me, eyes wide like saucers, mouth jammed open around the base of my prick. I held her head motionless, close to my crotch, for another minute, anchoring my fingers into her hair, locking eyes with her, letting her see that I was in charge of this moment. Gradually her eyelids relaxed slightly, and she submitted, allowing her situational awareness, her sense of self, to slowly close in around her, focusing tighter and tighter, until at last, the throbbing, unyielding penis that filled her mouth had become her entire universe.
When I'd rammed my cock down her gullet, the audience had started in their seats, with an audible gasp. Up until now, nothing we'd done had phased this crowd—they'd seen nude Shakespeare in Central Park, after all. The menfolk, and probably more than a few of the ladies, enjoyed getting to soak in a real, live, young, attractive naked woman at what they'd expected would be a yawner of a cultural event, but that was about it. Oral sex on stage, however, was beyond cutting edge for a night at the theater, even in the Big Apple. A few of my frat pals, looking up at us from either side of the platform, just a few feet away, started giving me some tentative "whoops" of encouragement, but I silenced them with a stern glare. This was art, after all (ha!). Further back, I saw a few stick-up-ass types rise and bustle out the doors. Most people, however, were simply entranced, leaning way forward, blushing involuntarily, eyes unblinking, hardly breathing, wondering just how far we would take this. It was probably the best audience I'd ever had.
I began shifting Marie's head to and fro, rubbing my dick back and forth in her mouth. I didn't dare remove it, for fear I'd never get back in there again. She was good at controlling her gag reflex, and although I can't say she fully throated me, she took an awful lot of cock into her mouth. Drool began to pool on her chin as I worked myself in and out of her throat. The sensation of the head of my cock rubbing over the rough of her tongue became intermixed with the knowledge that hundreds of people were watching her suck on me, in an intoxicating rush of power. Marie's garbled "mmmhmhm... hmhmhmhm..." was faint now, so that only the closest spectators could appreciate it. This being a play, I figured I'd better ad-lib some dialogue for those further back to enjoy. "Don't lie to me Lillian. You pretend to motives of pure and intellectual love. You try to appear pristine, above the world of animal desires. But, the truth is, there's always been only one thing you really wanted me for. One big, long, hard thing." (Too much?) "One idol you've always wanted to worship. Tonight you have to bring that idol face-to-face with your inner demons. There is no avoiding it."
I was so hot, it was becoming hard to hold myself back. When I felt I was getting close to bursting, I knew I had to pull out. Anyway, this was a play, and we had to keep things moving. Wouldn't want the pacing to drag. I released Marie's head, but to my surprise, she didn't recoil. Instead, she remained where she was and continued gently sucking on my dick. There was no doubt that I was well and truly inside her mind by now. I pushed on her forehead so her face tilted up toward me, and with a slight 'pop' my dick emerged, more erect than ever. A long, delicate strand of saliva ran from the corner of her mouth to the head of my shaft, glinting like spun silver in the glare of the floods. Her lips were bright red and puffy, her face was suffused with a softer red, like an antique-pink rose, which completely eclipsed her freckles, and her tits heaved as she gasped deeply and tried to catch her breath. For a long moment she remained frozen, her mouth gaping open, her hair disheveled, her eyes still wide, but staring at me with an unfocused and slightly cross-eyed gaze. Then she blinked and opened and closed her mouth a few times, obviously trying to remember where we were in the dialogue. She was still too stunned to stand, but simply remained kneeling, with her delicate back and adorable naked ass facing the bulk of the audience. While she gathered herself, I walked to the rear of the set, and then rolled the mirror forward along the runway, grabbing a kitchen chair as I went.
"...Larry... uh... I... We... uh... The... Th... The things you've given me are enough. They will make me happy. They will make me whole again."
By the time Marie had stammered out that line, I had approached her again, positioning the mirror in front of her, and the chair behind. The props would undoubtedly block the view for some unlucky patrons, and I regretted that, but I didn't want either of us to miss a thing during our big finale. Anyway, we still had plenty of onlookers within ten feet of us, on either side, ready to enjoy the show in all its glory.
"No Lillian, you haven't accepted everything I have to give. Not yet." I stood before her, took her hands, raised her to her feet, and led her around to the chair. "The problem is that you still haven't truly opened yourself. Not completely. But you will." At this I bent Marie over the chair, ass facing the audience. She raised her head up to the horizontal, and found her own image looking back at her in the mirror. She saw that her mirror-self was clutching the edges of the chair desperately, arms tensed, hair mussed, with a slightly desperate look about the eyes, and tits dangling gently at an angle which showed them at their best.
Behind and around her, she could also see that hundreds of lidless eyes were boring relentlessly into her naked backside. Instinctively, she clenched her already closed thighs even further. A literal tight-ass, I thought. This left precious little for the onlookers to enjoy. "You've got to open yourself Lillian... OPEN yourself," I said, standing close behind her and pressing my leg, first gently, and then firmly, against the inside of hers to try to wedge her open. She didn't budge. Finally I started grunting and shoving on her left leg with all my might; and I'm embarrassed to say I fell slightly out of character at this point. "LILLIAN, you've got to OPEN... YOUR... GOD... DAMN... LEGS!" Startled, worn down, she relaxed slightly, and allowed the force of my more muscular limb to shift her foot over, inch-by-inch. When the left leg was spread far to the side, I did the same with the right leg.
"Larry," she said, speaking to herself in the mirror in a kind of cowed deadpan (how cute, she was still running her lines). "If I open myself up the way you want, then everyone will see me, know me. They will peer right down into my innermost recesses. I won't be able to keep anything hidden from them." I can't say she was emoting much at this point, but she did have game.
And, I saw with satisfaction, she was right—people were indeed peering into her innermost recesses now. Even though she was clearly still tensed up, her legs were spread wide, facing the audience, giving everyone a beautiful view of what lay within. Her smooth pink pucker of an asshole was caught in the glare of the lights, while the clamshell of her pussy curved away below it. At that, I frowned. The clamshell was still closed. "Let them look, my love. You have so much to offer. Sometimes it is the vulnerabilities, the empty spaces within us, the places we've always hidden in shame, that are our greatest assets." So saying, I moved around to her flank, reached both my hands inside her ass-cheeks, and pulled her open.
She gasped slightly. Her pussy lips parted easily—unsurprisingly, given her spread-eagle pose—revealing the delicate soft pinkness within. Her clit and hood were dainty, calling to be teased rather than manhandled, and above them (in her bent-over position) the entrance to her cunt gaped open just slightly, pointing the way to where every cock in the building was aching to go.
"Tom, er... Larry... I'm scared..."
"You should be Lillian. A night like this can change everything."
Marie shivered slightly, as if chilled. I let the audience simply soak in the sight of her wide-stretched, unguarded pussy for a what seemed like an eternity. I could see that not only the frat guys, but lots of other people in the front rows, had by now pulled out their cell phones and were zooming in close to immortalize the moment (and Marie's cunt) forever. I thought the view looking up from the side-rear, where audience-members could take in her slumping face, swaying tits, and gaped twat all in one shot, must be exquisite. Most folks, though, simply sat in stunned silence, struggling to comprehend why this actress would suck dick and spread her pussy not ten feet away from them. Sure, 'Vixen' at the local strip club would open her legs for a few bills. She might even suck cock for a big enough tip. But Marie was clearly no Vixen. She was a talented, attractive, accomplished young professional, starring in a New York theater production. That kind of woman would never expose herself so completely, so shamelessly, and with so little anonymity. And yet here was her cunt, opened wide for all to enjoy.
At last it was time. "Lillian, I feel you are still resisting me. The only way I can help you is if I can penetrate all the way inside you, to your very core. You've opened up to me, I know you have, I can see it. Heck, everyone can see it." (Mea culpa, I hate actors who 'break the fourth wall' as much as you do, but I just couldn't resist.) "But now you need to take the next step, and let me in. All the way in." I released her ass and her pussy lips sprang together slightly, without closing up altogether. She allowed me to guide her as I moved her to the other side of the chair—still bent over, but now with her face, rather than ass, pointing toward the audience. Then she let me part her legs, without resistance this time. (I don't know why she didn't fight it; maybe she was just happy that the eyes of the crowd weren't boring directly down her vagina anymore.) Next I rolled the mirror in front of her, so she could watch herself in it again. Finally I moved behind her splayed and utterly vulnerable form, so that my cock pointed directly toward the gap between her wide-spread ass cheeks.
My prick twitched and pulsated, aching to plunge inside her. Sex with Marie had always been good—pretty vanilla, I suppose, but on the whole I'd quite enjoyed fucking her. Still, I had never before wanted to possess her like I did now. I positioned my tip at the opening to her vagina and gave a small thrust. Unfortunately, this simply hadn't been the right venue or situation to engage in a lot of foreplay. I'd hoped maybe exhibitionism would be a turn-on for Marie, and that she'd be wet by now; however, the reality was that she was experiencing far too much surprise, shock, embarrassment, and general emotional overload for her sexual self to become fully activated. Some part of her must have been aroused, because she wasn't closed up tight; but even so, she was dry, and I knew it would hurt if I shoved it in.
I pulled a tube of lube out of my pocket (remember that Boy Scout motto kids!), and massaged a big glob onto my bare dick. Then I fingered some into Marie's cunt. "Now there will be no separation between us Lillian. Sometimes this kind of vulnerability can be painful, but it is what has to be."
She gulped, and rasped out her line hoarsely. "I'm ready, Larry, do what you must. I give myself to you freely, completely."
Though surely they'd seen where this was all going, the audience still gawked and murmured again as I began working my dick inside Marie. Was it simulated? Naw, couldn't be. Jeez, this was some really raw theater! A few of my frat bros flashed me horns or hang-loose signs, while others just stared, slack jawed, at the view they had looking up between her legs, watching mesmerized as my prick plunged into Marie's cunt, and gradually slid deeper inside, inch by slow inch. How's that boring Wall Street job looking now, motherfuckers?! The lube helped a lot, and Marie released her breath with a catch as I hit bottom, my balls nestled firmly against her clit.
In the mirror, I could see that Marie was eyeing herself with a horrified fascination. From that angle, she could see herself laid out like the most degraded porn star: her bare body, her dangling tits with nipples engorged and fully-erect, her legs spread wide, her smooth little cunt split open into a garish pink gash, wedged around the veiny haft of my cock, her soft, porcelain skin nestling gently against my big hairy testicles. And then she glanced left and right and realized that hundreds of other people, some almost close enough to reach out and touch, were not only seeing those same things, but recording them, to be shown and reshown forever. Heck, someone was probably live-streaming it. Was her priest watching her get fucked right now? Her brother? Her parents?
She shuddered slightly and closed her eyes, tears glistening at the corner of her eyelids. She was trying to block it all out, I thought, to be an actor, to be in the moment—like, this was just a role, right? Right? I knew I was not going to last long, but that was OK, the scene was almost over anyway. I started thrusting in and out, at first slowly, gently, only a couple of inches each way. I began breathing harder, and gradually increased the speed, depth, and impact of each thrust. "You know that I can't give you everything Lillian.ungh... I can't make you whole.ungh... I can't be the one that fixes you.ungh... We aren't meant to be together always.ungh... But there is one thing I can leave you with.ungh... One thing I can leave deep inside you.ungh... And that will have to be enough.Unngggghhh..."
"Ah... ah... Larry...ah... hnng..." Marie bit her lip. Her eyes were still closed, and I couldn't really tell if she was enjoying it, exactly, but she was definitely feeling something, and having a harder and harder time keeping herself together. "Larry...hmngh... I will take whatever it is you have to give.ah... I am yours.ah, ah... And if you need to go,ah... then I will accept that too.ahhhngng"
By now I was pulling almost all the way out each time, before slamming home again. Marie was wet and stretched wide. The delicate folds of her pussy twitched with each thrust as they took the impact of my groin. Her head still dangled down, face tense and concentrated now. The Beta-Kappas were looking at each other with incredulous wide grins, and sharing high-fives. Marie's tits were jostling back and forth with the force of each blow, her whole body shuddering as I pounded my cock home. I knew it was time. "Yes, Lillian, I must go.UNGH... there is no future for us.UNGH... But I can, at leastUNGHleave you withUNGHthisUNGHlastUNGHgift.UNGHNGHGHNGHGHHH!"
I pressed my crotch against her ass and began emptying my balls with short, wrenching, grinding, spasmodic thrusts, deep into her vagina, flooding her with my seed. I couldn't see my dick, but I could feel it pulsate against the walls of her cunt with each blast of fluid. I don't know whether Marie came or not—I think so. Her eyes were scrunched up tight, her face bright red. "Ahh ahh ahh AHHGHHGHHH!" It could have been one holy mother of an orgasm, or maybe a wail of embarrassment and despair. Who knows? Or, maybe she was still in character and expressing her inner Lillian. I didn't care, I was just reveling in the knowledge that not only did I possess her, utterly, but that all the people around us bore witness to the fact. She had allowed herself to be stripped naked, allowed her cunt to be opened wide, allowed me to enter inside her, allowed me to cum there, all in front of hundreds of spectators. If that wasn't mind control, what was?
My balls emptied themselves, as I sent jet after jet of sperm up between her legs. Honestly, I had no idea I had that much cum in me. Her uterus must have been full of the stuff. Then, at last, I was done. There was dead silence in the house for at least a minute. I just stood there, dick jammed way up inside Marie's cunt, basking in my raw, exposed power over her. She relaxed her arms slightly, and slumped a bit lower over the chair, back rounded, neck curved down, breathing heavily, her pussy stretched and impaled on my pole, immobilized. I was so revved up that my cock showed no sign of cooling off.
In the seats, not one single person shifted, murmured, rustled, or coughed. I could guess what they were thinking. You could go down to the local strip club every day for a year and you would never see some guy fuck and inseminate a woman in front of hundreds of random strangers. It just wasn't done. No woman, however degraded she might be, wouldallowsomething like that to be done to her.
And yet, they had just watched it happen. Even the frat bros seemed cowed by this oh-so-public display of power and submission. I don't know, maybe I ruined sex with their wives and girlfriends forever.
* * * * *
Finally, I pulled out, my dick still stiff enough to hover above the horizontal plane. Her pussy yawned wide open now, lips puffy and retracted, making no effort to hide anything anymore. Her cunt remained a dark, gaping hole after I popped free, open an inch and a half at least, and her clit was perked up, with all the surrounding tissues engorged and bright-red. As she felt me disengage, she opened her eyes, still breathing heavily, to confront once more her bent over, spread-eagled, naked form in the mirror. Her nipples were still red and hard. The combination of sweat, tears, and saliva had done some damage to her stage makeup, and her hair was all over the place. But there was a certain calmness and depth to her expression, too. For the first time, I believed that she might be able to make it through the entire show.
I turned and walked upstage, picking up shreds of clothing and underwear as I went. I used part of her blouse to clean off my cock, then zipped up my pants. "Though it pains me more than you know, I must say goodbye Lillian. You and I were not meant to be. But now, now that you've stripped yourself bare, felt me in your innermost recesses, and accepted my essence, I know you will find another man to love, and be truly ready to give yourself to him."
As I walked off stage, I saw Marie struggle upright and turn to face the audience again. After a moment, I saw her shudder slightly, and begin trying to cover her breasts and pussy, as awareness slowly dawned that she was standing out in the middle of the house, alone and naked, in front of a stunned, silent crowd (not to mention several dozen smartphones, all still recording nonstop).
Then the spots cut out and the lights came down, as the stage crew started making the quick transition to Act V. "My Godt, Tom," Pavel greeted me hoarsely, horror and triumph mixed in his face. "That vas some performants! I hadt no idea you andt Marie had sometzink like zat plannedt! Godt! It vas... it vas... it vas brilliant!?" Those were his words. His tone of voice said that he hoped it was brilliant, but wasn't entirely sure, and thought maybe he'd never be able to work in this town again.
"It was brilliant, Pavel," I said, "and we owe it all to your direction. But we need to see it through. For this to work, artistically, we need to make sure Marie stays in the character, stays in the moment, and follows it through to the end. So, don't let her off the stage." I could see, over Pavel's shoulder, that she was already starting to stumble stiffly toward us, seeking protection and escape.
"Yes, Tom, you're right. I'll have Annie get her some clothz."
"No, Pavel, you misunderstood me. Now that Larry has helped Lillian lower her defenses and connect with her inner self, she needs to remain that way. She needs to remain exactly as she is. Exactly." I looked him in the eye and let that sink in for a moment. "The audience needs to see, visually, how this relationship, this special night with Larry, has changed her. Otherwise it doesn't work at all and it's just pornography."
"Ahh, I get you Tom. Yes, it has to be zis vay. Yes, is brilliant! I'll help her see it!"
Despite the dimness, I could make out Marie well enough as she continued tottering slowly toward Pavel—head drooping slightly, chest still heaving, and a slightly bereft slump to her shoulders. Blobs of my semen dripped out of her cunt and down her legs, pattering delicately as they hit the stage. The director took her arm, leaned in close, spoke a few sentences to her. I had used the pornography line advisedly—the only thing that I thought would get her through another act, stark naked, was if she felt it would in some way redeem her from the degradation and shame that she must be feeling at this moment.
Anyway, whatever Pavel said, it worked. I saw Marie turn, with an air of resignation, and start shuffling back toward the center of the stage. The director wound up his arm to give her a supportive slap on the bare butt, but then thought better of it and turned away. I watched, bemused, as one of our long-suffering stage crew members followed slowly behind Marie with a rag, wiping up the serpentine trail of cum splatter that she left in her wake. We didn't want any nasty slips, now did we?
Just then, Joey (playing the part of Lillian's future lover, 'Stan') was passing by, and I grabbed his arm before he went out on stage.
"Tom, man, what the fuck was that?!," he whispered. "That was some sick-ass shit! And why isn't anyone getting Marie some clothes?"
"Look, Joey, we've got about 30 seconds. You know that part you have with Marie toward the end, the lines she has about 'I knew another man, who showed me what it is to give myself,' etc. etc.?"
"Yeah. sure"
"OK, man, that's your chance. Anything you've ever wanted to do to Marie, this is your time. Whatever—it's all fair game."
"Yeah, but... I thought you and Marie are a thing?"
"Not anymore Joey, tonight she's all yours, inside and out. Just be firm with her." He cocked his head and looked at me searchingly. "I mean, it's up to you, Joey. Do whatever you want. But I'd suggest you ditch your underwear before going on."
* * * * *
I was beginning to wonder whether, even after all this, Marie would get the hint that I was through with her. I thought maybe further subtle signals were in order. I went to her dressing room, grabbed every shred of clothing or fabric, and dumped them all in a dusty prop-room. Then I made a few quick calls, before returning to the wings to enjoy the final act.
Marie was a real theater professional, I have to admit that. The show must go on, etc. etc. When the lights came up, she put on her stage-face and gave it her all. Wearing nothing but a smile, she plowed through her lines and moves like a machine. Unless you knew her, you'd hardly realize anything was wrong. Her fully-dressed fellows, meanwhile, labored visibly, and sometimes unsuccessfully, to keep their act together, as they traded dialogue with this stripped, freshly-fucked, still-engorged, and audibly dripping woman. She'd given up trying to keep her legs pressed together—maybe the reaming out I'd given her and all the spunk sliding down her legs had something to do with it—but anyway she had adopted a more natural posture and gait that rewarded the audience with occasional pleasant flashes of pussy. I noticed one of the older actors couldn't shift his gaze from her crotch to look her in the eye, and at one point he got so distracted by a big blob of semen oozing down her thigh that he entirely missed his cue. Later I could see that my cum had dried and crusted down her legs, which perhaps made things easier.
Finally she launched into her big moment with Joey. "Stan, there was another man once, and he showed me what it is to give myself, truly and completely. He's the only reason that I am able to give myself to you now."
I wondered if I had laid too much pressure on Joey. Maybe he wasn't up to it. I could see that his face was plum-colored and he looked like he was about to hyperventilate. I only hoped he didn't have a heart attack. At this point, he was supposed to say "how can I trust that you will be wholly mine, when I know a part of him is still in you." Instead he unzipped his pants, pulled out his dick, and said "Lillian, I can only trust you will be wholly mine if you let me do the same things to you that he did. Right now." Ugh! No subtlety with that one.
There was an awkward pause, as Joey glanced at Marie, and then significantly down at his cock. (It was plenty hard, but I was gratified to see it was a good bit smaller than mine. I do hate to be upstaged!) Marie reddened up again. It had appeared she'd gotten more or less acclimated to being naked on stage. At least, maybe she had let down her guard a little, thinking that things could hardly get worse. I'm sure she had believed she was done having sex in front of the audience, anyway, but now that expectation was upended. Moreover, the first time it had at least been sex with her boyfriend. Now a random co-worker was demanding to fuck her in the middle of the performance. Nevertheless, so many barriers had been demolished tonight, so many taboos discarded, that Marie was really beyond being shocked by anything at this point.
I wondered if Joey had thought through exactly what he wanted. He was definitely a brawn-over-brains type, and I feared this may have been about as far as his imagination had been able to take him. Marie's body language suggested that she had caught that vibe too. She leaned back slightly, crossed her arms under her boobs, and pursed her lips for a moment, as if not sure what was being asked of her, or how to respond. Finally she seemed to come to a decision. She set her shoulders, stepped forward, and knelt before Joey, forcing her already reddened knees to pull a second shift. Good call, I thought, maybe everyone would be happy with a blowjob. Marie wouldn't have to open her cunt to a stranger, and Joey wouldn't have to share my sloppy seconds. I'm guessing that was what was in her mind too.
This time, Marie—now miles past shame or self-consciousness—did most of the work, and seemingly with a will. Channeling the newly-unburdened Lillian, perhaps. Or, who knows, maybe she'd had a secret thing for Joey. At any rate, she looked up at him through her bangs with coquettish eyes, grasped his shaft with her slender fingers, smiled coyly, stuck out her tongue, and began tracing light circles around tip and head. She massaged and kissed his balls, then licked her way back up the shaft. Finally she formed her mouth into an O and took him inside her. first a few inches for some lingering, sensual sucks, and then deeper and deeper. He was small enough that she was able to take him in entirely and soon she was weaving in and out, burying her head into his groin, and then pulling back to suck insistently on the head. Bubbles of saliva foamed and popped on her lips as she swayed to and fro, her tits jiggling slightly, faster and faster, as if willing Joey to cum.
I half fancy the guy was still thinking of turning her around and fucking her. I mean, if you could get into a girl's pussy, wouldn't you? And I had told him that anything goes, so maybe he would have fucked her up the ass, too. That wasn't my thing, nor (as far as I was aware) hers, but it certainly would have been a graphic way to demonstrate Lillian's new openness. In fact, it could be that such alternatives were what drove Marie to suck Joey's dick with such apparent urgency. If that was the case, then mission accomplished: with no warning, he let out a roar and started ejaculating in her mouth.
When it happened, it caught her by surprise. At the first, massive jet, she choked and recoiled. He managed to blast a couple more spurts in between her parted lips before she was able to close her mouth. After that, he just rained down shots indiscriminately, hitting her left eye, hair, nose, chin, and chest, while she closed her eyes and submitted to it. I have to admit, Joey showered her with a worthy load of spunk. When he was finally spent, he silently presented the tip to her to be cleaned. Marie sputtered a little, then stuck out her tongue, reluctantly, and gave it a few dainty, licks. That done, she forced a brittle smile to her lips, and rose to stand next to him, blinking, dripping, trying to peer through her tangle of hair with its festoon of gooey droplets. Greasy smears glinted on her face. After a minute she discretely drooled a big white glob out of the corner of her mouth, but I was pretty sure a hearty portion of Joey had gone down the hatch.
The audience was delighted. Maybe this really was art? At the very least, you had to say that it had been an effective and unconventional way to make the change in Lillian's character graphically visible. At the beginning of Act IV, she had obviously been passive, frigid, ashamed. Now, at the end of Act V, stripped bare of her inhibitions, along with her clothes, by the force of Larry's will, it seemed that she was capable of giving herself, freely and openly, to just about anyone. (And lest it be said that I don't credit good work, I believe the success of this character pivot was a real testament to the quality of Marie's acting with Joey.)
Furthermore, if you stepped outside the frame of the play itself and considered the real-life people involved, then how could you not appreciate this beautiful young actress, who had such passion for her art that she was willing to take two men's cocks in one night, in front of everyone, and still retained enough conviction to go on standing up there—naked, plastered in the cum from both guys—with head unbowed? True, you sure wouldn't want to see your own daughter used like that, but if someone else's daughter did it, hell, that was acting!
* * * * *
After just a few more lines, the play ended, and it was time to savor the applause. A stage hand rushed out with a robe for Marie, but I waved her away. "No, let them celebrate the raw, vulnerable, unadorned beauty of her performance tonight!"
As the two leads, we strode out together, last among the cast, to the center of the stage. Marie seemed detached, and her expression was inscrutable. What did she make of this? Did she still not get that I'd been doing my utmost to humiliate her? Did she not wonder why, amidst a line of fully-dressed actors, she was the only one taking her bows butt-naked? Did she not understand that as long as there was an internet, she would always be the actress who had let two guys strip, fuck, and jizz her in front of a New York theater crowd?
"Quite a show," I murmured out of the corner of my mouth, as we smiled broadly and stepped forward proudly, hand in hand, to face the throng. We struck a graceful pose of acknowledgement, raising our arms triumphantly, puffing out our chests. Her tits poked bravely skyward (God bless 'em). The cheers redoubled.
"Y-Yes," she stammered softly, glancing briefly my way. Then her vacant stare returned to the clapping, hollering, stamping mob that stood just beyond the house lights, and she shivered. Waves of noise buffeted us, making it hard to hear what she was mumbling. "Q-Q-Quite a show. I mean... oh God... I... I can't believe we ... c-can't believe we did... that... I mean..." She closed her eyes and exhaled audibly. "...my God... h-h-how could we do that?... I mean, I suppose I can see what you and Pavel were trying to do with the character, um...sort of... and... you know... but... the people... and... and... and Joey... and... God, it's just that... that I... I... I would neverdothat...I wouldn't..."
Jeez what a dope! Believe it, girl! You did it all and have the spunk stains to prove it—Joey's on top and mine down below. And if there are any lingering doubts, you'll be able to replay it on the web tomorrow. When we stepped forward for our bows, I put my arm around her naked waist. Then, as we bent over, her tits dangling lusciously, I slipped my hand between her legs from behind, and thrust my finger up her cunt. She was still a little wet, a little relaxed, and it wasn't hard. Even so, she jumped when she felt me enter her. I don't know why I did it, actually. I don't believe anyone else noticed, so it was really just a private thing, between us two. Maybe I wanted to be inside her one last time, or maybe it was simply because I could.
The audience was enraptured. I'd never heard such applause. We took bow after bow. I used my left hand to gesture to the director, the author, the crew, the rest of the cast, while we bowed again and again, my right middle finger jammed all the way up inside Marie the whole time. It seemed like we stood there forever, sweating under the lights, until finally we were glutted and sickened by the affirmation and just wanted to escape. I wondered idly whether it would be possible to get Marie off, then and there, as the waves of acclaim continued to wash and break over us, but I didn't care enough to try. Then, at last, it was over, the curtain descended, and I removed my hand from between her ass cheeks, not without a touch of wistfulness.
* * * * *
I trailed Marie back to her dressing room. She strode through the backstage, naked as a jaybird, slightly ruddy but with head held high, as the hairy man-boys who filled out the lower rungs of the stage crew hierarchy gawped openly. Some of them reached out, instinctively, as if to paw her, before remembering their place and pulling back. In the end, she made it all the way to her room, more-or-less unmolested. Stepping briskly inside, she stopped short, stunned, when she discovered that it had been stripped clean of anything that could serve to cover her body. "WHAT... THE... FUCK?!" she shrieked, finally giving expression to the tension and fear that had been building up inside her all evening. "Who's been in my room? What the hell is going on around this place? Am I supposed to NEVER WEAR ANY FUCKING CLOTHES AGAIN?!... PAVEL!!... PAVEL!!!!"
"Calm down, hon," I said soothingly. "I'm sure there was some method to his madness. But the show is over now, we're done with him. Let me grab you something from my room, and we'll just get the hell out of here."
A moment later I draped my robe around her, not even bothering to have her put her arms through the sleeves in our 'haste.' I also made sure that the hem dragged a bit on the ground (as expected, given our height difference), and that the 'knot' I tied was no such thing. Then: "Come on, Marie, let's blow this joint, head home, and forget all about it."
I took her by the elbow and ushered her to one of the theater's side doors. "No one uses this exit, it should be quiet. No fans. From here it's just be a quick jaunt to my car, and then you'll be safe." I checked quickly to make sure the door would lock behind us, then opened it and bustled her through.
Outside, we stood on a slightly elevated platform in front of the side entrance, surrounded by a small sea of journalists and paparazzi who had been tipped off by some anonymous caller (wonder who that could have been?) a short while earlier. The door latched shut behind us. We were blinded by a flurry of flash bulbs. "Tom, the press, what the hell are they doing here?" Marie sounded confused and desperate—she had thought her ordeal was over. She tugged uselessly on the door handle in a rising panic.
"Don't worry," I whispered, "they don't bite. A few more minutes and it will all be over. Head down those steps over there, my car's right down the street. Hurry now! Run! We've got to move fast!"
She followed my directions, lurching forward abruptly, but of course I was standing on the hem of the robe. The belt I had 'tied' with such care easily fell free, the robe gaped open, and she just leaped right out of it. Feeling the cold night air on her skin, she froze, and again the cameras flashed, immortalizing Marie in all her naked glory—from the hint of clit poking out of her still engorged pussy, to the dried semen that glinted all over her body like Hollywood tinsel.
Now it was time for my final monologue. I cleared my throat. "THIS IS THE END MARIE!" I shouted loudly, mugging shamelessly for the journos, as she craned back over her shoulder to stare at me, bewilderment written on her face. "I'm done with it! I've tried to be supportive and understanding, but now you've taken it one step too far! I refuse to be a part of your sick exhibitionist fetish anymore!" Video-cams lit up, recorders clicked, pens scribbled frantically. "I just can't do it. If you want to show your body to anyone and everyone, to take who knows how many cocks in one day, to let casual acquaintances ejaculate inside you while the theater-going public watches, that's your business! But I can't be a party to it any longer!"
Hell, I thought, that should get me some play on TMZ. I picked up the robe, shouldered past her naked form, and strode off toward my car, leaving her alone on the platform. I looked back only once, and saw that she was still standing there, hunching slightly against the chilly breeze, transfixed by the glare of flashbulbs, wincing at the barrage of shouted questions that echoed and reechoed off the alley walls, seemingly immobilized. She hadn't even had the presence of mind to try to cover herself up. Instead, she just stood there, dazed and confused, mouth agape, tits heaving, legs akimbo, pussy hanging out.
That was the last time I ever saw Marie. I made it to the airport and jetted out of town before the sun was up. I still have the robe as a memento. I did wonder how Marie got home, though, stuck in an alley, in a crummy New York neighborhood, late at night, surrounded by a bunch of jaded press men, bare naked and without a cent. The paparazzi would be happy to drink in her naked form for as long as she cared to stand there, but I doubted any of them possessed enough chivalry to spare her an overcoat or car-fare. Did she jump a stile and take the MTA (now that's a mental image)? Did she flag down a cop and give him a blow job so he wouldn't book her for soliciting? Did she spread her thighs for some passing cab driver? That's a story I wish I knew.
* * * * *
Well, that was all a long time ago now. If you follow the showbiz news (or Mr. Skin, for that matter), you can probably guess the name Marie goes by these days, with her platinum rinse and high-end boob job. Turns out I did her career a real favor. Any woman who is a pretty good actor, with fine looks and great skin,andis also willing to strip, open her cunt wide, get fucked and creampied by multiple men in front of hundreds of people, and finish off by confessing her exhibitionist tendencies, fully naked, at an impromptu press conference, is going to catch the eye of plenty of Hollywood moguls. In Vegas that's what they call a winning combo. And once they've sucked you into their machine, and money is no object, they know how to glam you up. She's the living proof.
I suppose, after our last night together, Marie may have figured she had nothing left to hide either. Even I was surprised how darn many camera angles got posted to the web. And the resolution! Why, in some of those vids, it feels like you right there in Marie's cunt, alongside my dick. Of course, I don't need to tell you—you've seen them. I was disappointed that my supporting role got so little critical acclaim, though. Somehow I ended up portrayed as the co-dependent, enabling loser who had been hen-pecked into going along with Marie's wild, turn-it-up-to-eleven exhibitionist proclivities. How could it be that I'd fucked her brains out in public—sprayed my seed right up inside her womb on a livestream—and I was the one who ended up as an object of public pity? And then, before long, I missed being pitied, because no one even remembered who it was that had fucked her up on stage anymore.
Anyway, as I'm sure you know, Marie went on to parley enthusiastic full-frontal nudity and 'extra mile' attitude into a series of prominent and well-paying feature film and prestige-TV roles. Meanwhile, my career flamed out. These days, I'm lucky to work as an extra in a Go Daddy commercial. Life is so unfair.
I think the reason I brought up this ancient history with Marie is that she's been on my mind recently. In fact, I've been trying to get in touch with her—you know, for old times' sake. Heck, I thought maybe she'd even want to reignite the flame. Her agent says she's out of the country on a shoot, but I'm expecting her to give me a call any day now. She'll probably suggest we meet for cocktails, and we'll catch up, shoot the shit, remember the good times. Maybe there's a part for me in one of her movies, too. You never know. It'd be a hoot to work with her again.
I will admit we didn't part on the best of terms; but really, once you get some distance from it, our night at the theater was kinda funny, right? A real lark. Crazy youth. Yeah, I bet when she calls me, she'll bring it up herself, fake-mad probably, and we'll reminisce about that wild night together, and how dumb we were back then, and we'll start to laugh, and pretty soon we'll just both be in stitches. Yeah, that's how it will be.