This is another true story.
My grandmother was the only living relative on my fathers side and he was an only son. She was in her 90's and was beginning to struggle with the ability to take care of herself. It got to the point that my father was staying with her during the week and my sister and I would rotate weekends. Being married this became a bit of getaway for me and my next opportunity to explore my exhibitionist side.
During the day my grandmother would take her naps and in between preparing meals and doing yard work I would find some time to myself. One hot summer day I was out trimming some bushes along the side of the house closest to her neighbor. The neighbors house was only footsteps away from the side of her house so it was pretty easy to see what was going on in both yards.
With the sweat dripping down my face and onto my tanned bare chest I happened to glance over to see the neighbor lady smiling with a wave. I politely waved back not thinking too much of it and carried on with my chores. She continued her yard work and I continued mine but she caught my attention as she was bending over clearing the weeds from her raised bed garden. Now to be clear, she wasn't the most beautiful woman but she did have a well taken care of 40ish petite body. We continued on with our work with not much more excitement other than the occasional smile.
The next day I thought I would try to take this a little further. Her master bedroom window overlooked the front porch of my grandmother's house which gave me an idea. With my grandmother taking her late morning nap I thought I would try to get a little sun on the front porch but within shouting distance if she needed me. As I sat down on the first step I noticed the neighbors' blinds and window open and she was folding clothes. I slowly peeled off my shirt then unbuttoned my shorts slipping them down to my feet exposing my tight boxer brief style underwear which accentuated my cock. I wanted so badly to expose myself but wasn't sure what her reaction would be so I refrained and lay down on the porch in a way so she could see me from my cock up. As I lay in the sun I would try to inadvertently take peeks to see if she was watching and she was. I was getting so horny at this point that my cock was leaking precum which seeped through my underwear and glistened in the sun just for her.
As I continued to enjoy the day she reached to remove a bottle of lotion from the nightstand and raised one leg up on her bed. Squirting the lotion into her hand and she slowly began rubbing it from her feet up her leg. Then onto the next leg and then with just a bit of a I see you looking grin she left the room. I watched with anticipation in hopes she would remove her clothes, breathing heavily and my cock pushing its way out the top of my underwear. I was ready to explode. Then I heard her car door close as she backed down the driveway. The rest of the afternoon my thoughts were on her open window and if she may possibly return the favor.
After preparing dinner my grandmother and I enjoyed some laughs and talking about the good ole days then as night fell at around 9 or 10pm she was off to bed. I grabbed my laptop and a blanket then headed for the front porch. As I stepped out the door my heart fluttered as the neighbors' blinds were still open and the light was on. My cock tingled with the thoughts of catching a glimpse of her naked body. I sat down on the front step to see how this would play out and within a short time she came walking to her bedroom still clothed, the excitement was building in my cock as it began to rise with the sight of her through the window. I watched her for a short bit as she turned down the bed, put away clothes etc. I was so horny I had to remove my shorts to expose my throbbing cock. I began to stroke it slowly just keeping it good and erect for the right moment. At this point I wasn't sure if she knew I was there watching or not so I was being as discreet as possible until I just couldn't take it anymore and wanted this to go to the next level.
I went back inside and flipped on the porch light. Now there was no denying I was there just steps away from her window. I walked over to my blanket and began to spread it out on the porch bending over making sure that she could see my nakedness. I glanced over to her window to find her stooped down watching me as I moved about. I tried my best to keep my cock from getting hard again so that she wouldn't think I was doing this on purpose, even though I was!
I lay down on my blanket pulling my laptop in front of me as if I was working on something important. I noticed movement at her window and looking over she was standing right at the window looking my way undressing. My cock sprang back immediately with the site of her bra and underwear then she turned away from the window and removed her bra. Oh I wanted to see her beautiful breasts so bad but she was a tease. She headed towards the bathroom topless where I only stole a glance at a side boob. I jumped up to see more but the porch was a little lower than her bedroom window so I stood up on a chair and waited for her to come out of the bathroom. After a few minutes she came walking out of the bathroom, her nipples erect from the chill and body still damp. She slowly began toweling off. There I was and no doubt she saw me, with my hard throbbing cock in hand standing on a chair watching her. My heart beating out of my chest I slowly crept back down from the chair. My cock bouncing as I stepped back over to my blanket and laid back down.
She slipped into a nightie walked over to the window with a huge grin and closed the blind. I grabbed my cock and some baby oil and came to one of the best orgasms I ever had. I would see her most every weekend in the yard and through her window and we replayed this type of scenario many times until they moved away.