Midday at the cathouse and Henry was up to his nose with the bookkeeping. It was his least favorite job of all but he knew that if he let it slide the whole thing would get away from him and he couldn't risk trying to farm it out to an accountant.
No. Brothel bookkeeping had to be kept in house. He toyed with the idea of using euphemisms to detail income and expenses but it seemed ridiculous coming up with alternate names for things. And how would he explain the lingerie allowance the girls agreed to pool money for?
Now, for Henry, the only thing worse than bookkeeping was being interrupted while doing it. He was a little ADD and easily distracted so the fact that one potential customer kept calling and texting him all morning was driving him nuts.
They were all questions about Abigail. The prospective Romeo had seen her picture on the website but kept needing to be reassured it was the girl he once knew. He refused to give his name or set up an appointment until he was sure it was her.
Henry, getting impatient, said, "Sir, do you want to book time with her or not? We're very busy and I..."
"Okay, okay, just ask her one question, did she ever take psychology 101 at the community college?"
"Sure, sure. For privacy reasons I can't ask the girls personal questions but I'll pass it along and she can decide what she wants to do with it."
When he turned back to the books he couldn't remember where he was. "Oh fuck."
Later when Abigail came downstairs from her appointment with Mr. Entertainment Toes, "Look, Henry! After he sucked on my toes and jerked off he painted them the nicest shade of pink!"
That's great but I need this guy to book with you or stop bothering me."
"What guy?"
"He thinks he knows you. He won't give his name or do anything until he's sure it's you. His question was, did you ever take psychology 101 at the community college? A horny classmate or something?"
"Ahhhhhh, ya I did take a class but I don't know whoooo. Wait a minute! Professor...um...Gardner! That's it! It's him, gotta be. He used to stare at me in class and then wanted to talk to me after class to tell me how much he liked my work."
"So you think he liked more than your work ethic?"
"Definitely."
"You must have made quite an impression if he's still carrying around the torch for you."
"I was pretty sure what he wanted. Women always sense that. He had that 'I wanna fuck this girl' look and he didn't do much to hide it. I probably wasn't the only coed he fell in love with."
"What do you want to do?"
"Oh I don't know. These guys play on that young girl/authoritative figure dynamic and it definitely works. It feels weird though when you get naked for someone you had a different relationship with. Oh, just go ahead and book it! Then I can join the club of coeds who fucked their professor."
"Done. He's really obsessed with you so don't be surprised if he books for this semester."
"Semester?" she asked, turning to go.
"I meant this afternoon. Bookkeeping is warping my brain."
"Henry, watch me go upstairs," she said, teasing him with yet another distraction, her inviting little rear end slowly ascending. Looking back over her shoulder with a pouty smile she said, "I sure could use a nice boy to play with. Have fun with your books."
"You're brutal, Abby."
She giggled and took off to her room.
Hustling down the stairs, Edgar saluted, "Sir, how can I help with the bookkeeping?"
Slightly exasperated, Henry said, "For starters, please stop saluting. I thought we'd gotten past that."
"Old habits."
"Number two, do you eavesdrop on everything?"
"Sir, yes sir!"
"At least you're honest. Okay, what do you know about bookkeeping?"
"Army, sir."
"What about the army?"
"I was the bookkeeper for my unit. I had to constantly monitor rations, ammunition and whatever supplies were needed."
"What about a lingerie allowance?"
"I assume you're trying to be funny, but a thing is a thing is a thing. I could figure out the lingerie allowance."
"You know Edgar, you're becoming more essential to this house than me."
"I like the girls."
"I'm aware."
Henry picked up the books and receipts and handed them to Edgar. "Congratulations, Edgar, I now work for you."
"Trying to be funny again, sir?"
"Something like that. See me at four tomorrow and we'll adjust your compensation."
Lana came down half dressed, "Sorry, but I forgot who my one o'clock is."
"Lucky you, Mr. Billings, the bank loan officer asked me if he could sample the other girls and, for the sake of harmony, I said yes. I know this was Abigail's personal financial agreement but, to give her a break, I'm paying you so see me when he leaves. One more thing, if he ever acts like an entitled asshole again let me know immediately."
Lana stood there just looking at her ex for what seemed like far longer than it really was.
"I'd give anything to meet a guy like you," she said wistfully.
"Thanks, that means a lot coming from you. I'm just sorry it took me so long to learn certain things."
Lana went back to her room and twenty minutes later Edgar let Billings in the back door. Lana opened her bedroom door simultaneously to greet him in a red bustier with black lace trim that displayed her tits front and center.
"Please tell me you're Lana," said Billings.
"I am, and you must be the guy who's going to fuck me silly."
They disappeared behind her door and Edgar switched his monitor to her room.
"Lana, you're a stunning girl. I have the tendency to fuck and run but I might have to linger a bit to enjoy what you're offering."
"Mmmmmmm, I like your thinking but don't think too hard. Just let your cock be your guide and take the whole hour." She helped him off with his suit coat and loosened his tie.
He laid back on her bed, put his hands behind his head and crossed his legs, "Now that I'm comfortable, tease me then please me."
With some slinky R&B in the background she moved with the skill of a really good stripper, displaying her body inch by inch, unsnapping her garter and flipping it towards him. "Oh, baby, the way you move..."
Henry, watching on his own monitor, was getting turned on by her dancing and he wondered if there was something in her past she never told him about.
Standing very close to his face she reached into her panties and slowly fingered herself causing her to breathe heavily. She took her hand out and sucked the wetness from her finger and reached down to stroke the length of his tie right across the bulge in his pants.
"Are you a good boy who just likes to look," she asked, "or are you a dirty boy who wants to stick that cock up my cunt?"
"I'd say you've got a dirty boy on your hands."
"I like that because I'm a dirty girl who wants to be fucked like a nasty wench."
She sat next to him and undid his pants and as his pole popped up she licked it with long strokes from the base to the head, swirling her tongue around the tip. "Mmmmmm, I'm going to like this bank boy."
While she jerked his tool he aggressively grabbed her by the neck and, standing up, shoved her back on the bed. Towering over her stroking his cock, the look on his face changed and he ordered her to spread her legs. He then slapped her pussy, making her body jerk. He did it four or five more times and she yelped with every slap.
Edgar and Henry stood up in front of their monitors, at the ready in case he should hurt her. Sometimes the fine line between rough sex and sadism would get blurred and there would have to be an intervention like the time Henry had to remove Kenny from Candy's room for anger issues.
Edgar had a hand on the door knob when Lana said, "Take charge of me, Mr. Billings. Make me your bitch..."
Blindingly aroused, Billings slapped her inner thigh and licked a straight line from her ankle to her moist clit, causing her to moan. Then he leapt between her legs, ramming his cock in her hole so hard that he drove her into the headboard. He pulled her sideways on the bed and administered a bruising fuck that caused her to scream in the middle of her orgasm.
"You hot fucking bitch!!" he kept yelling as the pace of the fuck increased until he peaked, smearing her stomach and legs with his cum. On his hands and knees over her and breathing heavily he said, "I don't know what happens to me...I kind of go crazy."
To Henry's surprise she said, "I don't care what it was, I liked it. Come back and see me." Again, as with Abigail, he climaxed quickly and left her feeling like she'd been in a hit and run.
As soon as he went out the back door Edgar stuck his head in, "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine but thanks for watching over me. You're a very sweet voyeur."
Edgar blushed and closed the door.
***
"...Yes, she said, yes."
"You're sure? Tiny girl, sexy as hell?"
"Yes sir, sexy as hell. Look, with all due respect, I'm pretty busy. Would you like to book time with her?"
"Yes, how about in an hour?"
"That's pretty quick, let me check her schedule. Ah...2pm?"
"I'm leaving the house now. I'm very excited."
"Backdoor, please sir."
Henry let Abby know about the schedule addition. "He's got a gargantuan crush on you that he's been lugging around for years apparently. How old is this guy?"
"I don't know," she said, "Maybe early sixties by now."
"And pining away over a twenty something?"
"Well, Henry, he's old not dead, and besides look at me. Not bragging but I'm one very memorable hot girl."
"Ya, sure but..."
"I detect," and she paused for effect, "a measure of jealousy that he has so excitedly found me after all these years. God only knows what he thinks of my chosen profession but right now he's caught up with just seeing me again. I'm a fantasy for him."
"Ya...you're right...sorry."
"You don't have to be sorry."
"Abby, I've asked this before but why are women so smart?
"Because in a world of men they have to be. Write it down."
***
At exactly 1:55pm, Professor Gardner arrived at the backdoor, "I'm here to see Abigail."
After Edgar brought him to Henry, the professor was obviously nervous and worried he'd forgotten his wallet. "Oh thank goodness, here it is. Now I've never been to a brothel before so I'm at the mercy of your protocol."
"Don't worry, professor, it's a simple process. You pay upfront to me and I'll have Abigail come down and take you you up to her bedroom. You may tip her if you like."
"What if she doesn't want to see me?" he mused while digging hundred dollar bills out of his wallet.
"I guarantee she'll see you. You're purchasing her services. And besides, she's looking forward to seeing you," repeating what he often says to customers.
"Wow, really?"
No sooner had he put the last hundred on the table than Abigail appeared atop the stairs wearing a sheer babydoll negligée, white panties, white stockings and heels. "Hello, professor..." Edgar had, on his own, installed a floor level LED backlight that made her appear as an angel on the landing.
When the professor looked up his mouth fell open, "Oh my god...Abigail you look beautiful. I can't believe I'm seeing you again."
She did a slow pirouette and extended her hand to him, "Let's go up to my room where I can please you."
"I can't believe this," he mumbled all the way up the stairs.
Once inside her room he confusedly asked her where he should sit so they could catch up.
"How about that chair," she said, pointing, "then once you get your pants off I could mount you. Would you like that?"
"I just wanted to talk. It's been so long I thought we could catch up. You could tell me what you're up to."
Puzzled, Abby sat near him at the end of the bed, noticing a slightly shaky hand. "Well, professor," she softly laughed, "I have sex with men for money. You bought me for the hour so what would you like to do with me?"
"I...I don't want to rush things. I have to confess I've had a crush on you for...well since the first day you were in my class."
"I'm flattered."
Can you imagine, an old guy like me with a crush on a nineteen year old coed? It's sort of ridiculous. I wanted to ask you out at the time except I thought...you'd think it was silly and I'd be embarrassed and...I used to stop by the grocery store you worked at to look at you through the window every once in awhile. I know, it sounds creepy...I better go."
As he hastily stood to leave, she stopped him, "No, please don't go. You paid a lot of money to spend time with me. You should be happy when you leave here."
"I was happy just to see you again. You're so beautiful, Abigail..."
"Did you fantasize about me?"
"Oh god, yes...all the time. I used to get distracted in class imagining, you know..."
"But now I'm naked and all yours."
He sat transfixed, "You're stunning...I...I...I'm nervous."
She stood up and straddled his lap. She could feel his fledgling hard-on beneath her.
"I'm not letting you leave here until you've fucked me," she crooned, "I wanna feel your cock deep inside me. While you're fucking me I want you to remember all those fantasies and I'll make them come true."
He started to speak but she kissed him hard before he could say anything. She was right, he became lost in the lust of his dreams and returned her kiss.
She lifted the lingerie off over her head and led his hands to her breasts. "Oh Abigail, they're perfect." She loosened his tie and unbuttoned his shirt, feeling his growing cock against her crotch. Once she had gotten his shirt off he lunged forward, sucking her pink, taut nipples. She threw her head back and whispered to him, "You're turning me on, professor."
Standing up before him, "Take my panties off, baby." He slid the lingerie down like he was unveiling the Venus de Milo for the first time. "I've had this fantasy so many times I can't count."
He had her lie back on the bed and went down on her. The fact that he hit all the right spots surprised her. "I'm fuuuccckkkking cummmminnnggg," burst out of her as the juicy torrent covered his face. But he didn't stop. He went after her again and again she came hard. Screaming and writhing around she told him, "That was fucking amazing!"
"Practice, practice, practice," he quipped. Running his hands up and down her lovely legs, stopping only to hold her ankles and take it all in. He spoke softly. "I've never been married but I've had a lot of sex over the years and most times I pretended it was you."
He stripped away the rest of his clothes and stuck his dick in her face. "Get me hard so I can fuck you the way I want to."
"Yes, professor, whatever you say."
Motivated by his expert tending to her pussy she administered a sloppy, massively energetic blow job that made him weak in the knees.
She grabbed his buttocks and pulled his cock into her mouth until it hit the back of her throat. He kept his fingers on her cheeks to enhance the sensuality. Feeling his throbbing member, she urged him to penetrate her.
"You've waited a long time, now fuck your little dream coed. Fuck me, c'mon fuck me, daddy."
"Abigail"
Pre cum lingered on the end of his cock. She licked it off right before he buried it in a moment of ecstasy. Years of wanting and masturbation were now in the past as he banged away at her heavenly body. "Uhhhnn, uhhhnn, uhhhnn, uhhhnn...Abigail, uhhhnn, uhhhnn. Abigail, fuuuucccckkk!""
He couldn't take his eyes off her as her golden curls fell across the pillow and her body spasmed, cumming once again beneath him. Her body was everything he'd imagined, perfect in every way. He touched every soft curve, every angle. It seemed surreal that he was finally consummating his fantasy.
Downstairs, Henry sat jerking himself before the monitor. As the professor couldn't look away from Abby, Henry couldn't look away from his fiancé being massively made love to. Henry jerked ever closer to climax.
Her voice shook, "Cum on my face, professor."
Unable to hold back any longer he withdrew and splattered loads of his cum on her beautiful face and tits. She got some of it with her tongue but there was too much. Then he did the unexpected...he went back down on her pussy.
"Oh my god, what are you doing?" she asked with joyful surprise.
"Giving you more pleasure," and he ate her out until she climaxed a fourth time.
"Yes?" he asked, smiling. She nodded. He got up, walked to her bathroom, got a warm washcloth and proceeded to wipe the cum from her face. He was loving and careful how he cleaned her.
"Are you trying for extra credit?" she joked, not knowing what to say. Customers typically used her and left.
Hoping against hope he hesitantly wondered, "Is it too late to ask you out?"
"I'm afraid so. I'm engaged to be married."
He looked at the floor dejectedly, "Oh...lucky guy."
"You met him at the desk downstairs."
"Does he make you feel special?"
"Every day."
She put her arms around his neck, kissed him and said, "But you can come back and see me here whenever you want."
"I will. Nothing could stop me," he said with certainty. I'll say this once more and I won't bring it up again but...I've been in love with you since we met. That feeling has never gone away." He tenderly swept the hair away from her face.
"Even though I'm a prostitute?"
"You could be anything, I don't care. I'll always have you in my heart."
He left the room and went downstairs to book another visit with her which began a string of weekly appointments that stretched into months. She and Henry were always curious as to where he got the money to fuel such an expensive habit.
When Abby came down after he left, Henry said, "You're getting quite a collection of admirers. I think he would have walked across hot coals to be with you."
"He was very sweet. Not to mention, he ate me out like a pro. I gave some thought to leaving with him."
"What?!?"
"Just kidding. Henry, you're so easy to tease. Well, what did you think of me and the professor's performance?"
"I didn't get a chance..."
"Oh no, Mr. Insecurity?" coming around behind him. She pointed at the fresh cum hanging from the monitor screen.
"Okay, okay, it was smoking hot and I couldn't look away. I didn't expect that."
"Remember, Henry, you can't fool me. I'm marrying you but I'm not surrendering my intelligence. Save yourself a lot of time and be honest instead of playing mental dodgeball. But thanks for your assessment of your sexpot fiancé. I just love it when you watch me."
She sat in his lap and they kissed.
"I loved it too," said Edgar, peeking in from the landing.
***
Next morning at home, Henry asked Abby why she never mentioned attending college.
"It was very brief. I thought I might want to go into nursing so I took some introductory courses."
"What ended that?"
"Bodily fluids. Too many of them."
"Well there's bodily fluids in prostitution too."
"Yes, but I like that one."