After the barbecue ended, Kevin helped to tidy everything away and then headed for his bedroom. He desperately wanted a few minutes of alone time so he could process that days events. And there was plenty to process, firstly a magnificent blow job from his hot aunt, followed by the realisation that they had been observed by a hidden viewer. Then, his realisation that he rather liked showing his large cock off, and he had flaunted it to his hot young neighbour as he arranged with her husband to go round next day for some chores. The young wife had been well aware as Kevin displayed himself and arranged to visit next day, and surely knew what "chores" he had in mind.
Then his Grandmother, a beautiful, buxom woman had flirted outrageously with him, invited him round, praised his cock size and compared him with his father! Which meant that she must have seen her son in laws cock and judging by her comments, had enjoyed it too.
Then, to top it all, his own Mom had indicated that she was aware of Kevin's cock, and had no problem with him wearing 'loose' clothes in the house, but would prefer a bit more modesty outside, and especially in the vicinity of his sister.
Kevin lay back on his bed and pondered the days events. As he did so, he found himself stroking his cock through his pants, and decided this wasn't perfect. He slipped his pants down and began to gently stroke himself.
Just then, his phone vibrated on the bedside table as a text message arrived. It was from his Gran- she was going to have to cancel tomorrow's rendezvous but would reschedule asap.
Kevin replied that it was ok, but he was a little disappointed as he had held high hopes for the meeting. On the spur of the moment, he took a quick picture of his erect cock and sent that as well.
Kevin carried on jerking himself gently, there was no hurry after all and his phone buzzed again. This time it was a video clip from his Gran.
It was very simple, just a close up of her face, mostly focussing on her mouth. She smiles, licks her lips and then blows a kiss. Simple, yet very very suggestive. Kevin fully understood the message and began to stroke himself a little harder.
Today had been amazing already, and now he was jerking off to his Gran's picture, in the confident knowledge that pretty soon her lips would be wrapped around his big hard cock!
He was really getting into it, when he heard footsteps coming upstairs. It was his Mom!
Frantically, he grabbed a pillow and pulled it over his lap, concealing his erection! Just in time, as him Mom walked without knocking into his room. She sat on the bed and prepared to speak, then hesitated.
She saw Kevin, sitting up in bed, with his trousers down around his knees and a pillow in his lap. It didn't take much to figure out what Kevin had been doing and she smiled at his discomfort.
At the same time, Kevin realised that, based on her remarks that afternoon, she would be pretty relaxed with him wearing less clothing and perhaps exposing himself from time to time.
Their eyes met, as Kevin relaxed, drew a breath and calmly lifted the pillow from his lap. His cock grew even bigger and harder, if that was possible, as he exposed himself to his pretty Mom.
She simply looked down at his cock, smiled and started to ask what he fancied for dinner, as if nothing had changed.
Emboldened, Kevin once again wrapped a hand around his cock and started to stroke himself. At first he kept his eyes on his Moms face, half expecting a reaction but when none came his gaze began to rove and very soon narrowed in on her chest. She had large tits, and he could clearly see their size and the outline of her bra through her thin top.
Mom stopped talking, and just watched as Kevin jerked off to her breasts. Kevin could feel the tingle starting as his climax approached. He carried on and, without warning his Mom, starting to ejaculate streams of hot cum into the air. It was so powerful he thought he might die as his hips rose from the bed and his cock jetted rope after rope into the air and onto his naked chest.
When eventually he had finished, he fell back onto the bed panting. His Mom looked at him, particularly his cock and the pools of cum on his stomach. She looked down at herself and noted with some surprise that not a drop had hit her. She was about to leave the room when Kevin stopped her by speaking clearly and firmly. "Mom- go and fetch me some tissues please, I think we need to clear this up, don't you?"
Without thinking, she nodded, stood and went to the bathroom and fetched some paper tissue.
She handed the tissue to Kevin, without really registering that she had gone from being a passive observer in this little scene, to an active participant. Kevin however was well aware, and a bit better at manipulation. He mopped himself up, but deliberately missed a bit. Scrunching the tissues into a ball, he asked his Mom if he had got it all.
She shook her head and pointed to the bit he had missed. Kevin simply handed her a tissue and lay back. After the briefest of pauses, his Mom learnt forward and with one hand gently pushed his still hard cock to one side and wiped the remaining cum away with the tissue.
Kevin was ecstatic- she hadn't just seen his cock, she had watched him jerk it off, and then joined the party by fetching a tissue at his request and touching his cock while she helped to clean him up. This was a result!
Without another word, his Mom stood up and walked through to the bathroom and flushed the tissues away. She washed her hands and then went back downstairs, leaving Kevin alone to ponder once again what a day he was having.
After a short while, Kevin decided to go downstairs. In the lounge his Mom was sitting on the sofa, watching a tv programme. Kevin sat beside her and handed her a handful of tissues. She looked quizzically at him, then watched as he once again dropped his pants and brought his massive tool out into the open.
No words were said as Kevin once again began to jerk himself off, still staring at his Moms chest. After a while, Kevin grunted, this was taking too long so he told his Mom to take her top off so he could see better.
Mom didn't argue, she simply crossed her hands at the waist, gripped her top and pulled it up over her head, then threw it to the side. There she sat, big tits held encased in her white lacy bra. Although she appeared serene, Kevin could see hard nipples poking through the fabric. Kevin genuinely intended to grab those big titties with his spare hand but just then he started to feel himself building again. He looked up into his Moms face and groaned.
"I'm cumming Mom. You will have to catch it!" he gasped.
Without a word, his Mom leant forward with the tissues poised and, as Kevin began to spurt, she expertly caught every rope of cum. Not a drop escaped, and when Kevin had finished and sat back again, she took a firm hold of his cock with one hand, squeezed it and pulled from bottom to top to squeeze out the last drop, which she wiped away. She stood up, picked up her top from the floor and walked away to dispose of the tissues.
"Unbelievable!" thought Kevin as he he gathered his breath.
Just then, he heard the sound of a key in the front door. It was his sister returning home! He pulled his trousers back up, carefully positioning his now semi hard cock so it would not be too obvious.
His sister clearly met his Mom in the hall as they entered the room together, his Mom now fully dressed once again. There was no sign of the scene which had just enfolded and neither Kevin nor his Mum acted as if anything at all had happened.
After a while, his sister wandered off to her room leaving them alone once again.
Kevin's confidence and knowledge of the power his cock seemed to give him over women was growing and growing.
"Well I've had a busy day" he said to his Mom, "so I'm heading off to my room as well. Once Sis is asleep, you might want to come and wish me a good night?" He asked. His Mom simply looked at him and, after a moment she nodded.
Ever the optimist, Kevin commanded as he left the room, " Don't wear a bra when you come up though, it will just get covered in cum"
Without waiting for a response, he left, wondering if he might just have pushed too far? Only one way to find out he thought, as he lay back onto his bed and waited for the house to go quiet.