The Bellhop


Mary the Wollstonecraft Woman


A Bride, a Groom, a hung Bellhop, compliments of the house.


The Bellhop

They were young; Bonnie and Lewis Hansen married a year out of high school. Virgins who'd saved themselves for marriage. After the wedding, the couple went to the Grand Place hotel. Her father had champagne and bourbon waiting for them in their room, with a note, "To oil the exploration of your first communication."
When they entered the room, the twenty-something black bellboy showed them the special gifts, lingerie, various lubricants, a gourmet dinner, and the booze the bride's father provided. The attendant acted as server, toaster, and servant to the nervous newlyweds.
The couple ate as the black man gave the bride champagne and the groom shots of bourbon. Giving them a different toast each time, they ate some, drank more, and fell under the bellman's control.
The bride, a tall, pasty pale blonde-haired, blue-eyed stunner, and her new husband, a short, smallish fellow with brown hair and green eyes, had been an item since fifth grade. Having wanted no one but her, Lewis saved himself for has as she saved herself for him.
"What's your name?" Lewis asked in a slow motion, slurred sentence.
"Orlando."
"You're all right, Orlando." Lewis held his glass of bourbon high in the air. "To Orlando, our friend."
"To Orlando."
The couple stood, clicked their glasses, and repeated in unison, "To Orlando."
Slumping into his chair, Lewis rubbed his head. "I think I'm a li-li-little inobreated."
"Inebriated," she corrected him.
"Yeah, that too, I rec...," he stopped, drank his glass dry, and sat it down. "Nother one, Orlando, if you doesn't mind."
"Yes, sir, I don't mind one iota." Orlando fills a glass to within a quarter inch of the brim. Walking over, he takes the rocks glass away and gives Lewis the tumbler. "Drink up, Mr. Hansen, and I'm gonna give your bride a whirl."
"A whirl?"
As Orlando turned on some music, "Dance, Mr. Hansen, sir. Mind if the little lady and I dance?"
"Go a-a-ahead, Orlando, and steal a k-ki-kiss while you're dan-dan-dancing."
"Sure 'nuff will, sir. Might turn intimate for her and me." Holding his hand to Bonnie, "Mrs. Bonnie, will you honor me with this dance?"
"I will," she said, a devilish twinkle in her eyes. While she had a light buzz, Bonnie Hansen wasn't drunk or even close to it. She put her pale hand in his, noticing the pale pink of his palm and the jet-blackish blue of the back of his hand.
At first, they danced apart, but with each step, he drew her closer to him. Soon, they were touching. Standing five feet ten and a half inches in her stocking feet and sporting six inches heels, her head still only came to his chest. Laying her head to the side, she rested it on his chest, gazing up at him.
Emotions played tug of war inside her. The love of her husband, years of denial of their lust, jerked her in one direction. While passions for this viral man tugged her toward another. Why save yourself for marriage and make love to another man on your wedding night?
"Kiss her," Lewis insisted. Lewis didn't know it, but this invitation was a mistake.
They stopped, and he lowered his head to her, lips touched, soft, brushing together.
"Yeah, Orlando, make it a hot one."
As the couple pressed their lips together, her pent-up emotions and lust erupted inside Bonnie. Tongues met in the warm wet orifices, twirling, exploring as the desire grew in them.
While Lewis was naïve, he was also thick-headed. He whistled and hooted his approval.
The embrace continued, and the kiss turned to kisses while their hands explored one another's bodies. Turning her back toward her husband, Orlando unbuttoned the back of her wedding dress, twisting one button after another down the back until he'd unbuttoned all of them.
Breaking the hug, he took her shoulders, guiding her to kneel. He looked over at her husband, then down to Bonnie.
"What do you want, for Christ's sakes?" she said. "I'm...," he put his finger to her mouth.
"Shush, ma'am. Mr. Hansen, sir, you tell her what her man wants."
"Oh, my god, Orlando, what? Come on, that's not cool." Thinking his inebriation had passed, Lewis Hansen stood up, took a step, and fell flat on his face. Crawling around the table's corner, Lewis moved toward them like a drunken tortoise. "We, neither of us, have done anything sexual. We've been saving ourselves for each other."
Captivated by his boldness and the manly way he took control of her and her husband, she longed to learn what he had to teach her.
"Listen to me, Mr. Hansen, sir, you're a soft man. Tender and loving, that the ticket for a man to support his woman. But the woman needs a hard case, a tough man, for fucking. Why you'd have to agree, she requires a lusty man, less tender and more driven than you for he desires."
"You never kissed me the way he kissed me, Lew. When we kiss, it's like you're afraid of hurting me."
"Tell her what I want her to do."
"You tell her," he slurred, while fighting to hold his tears.
"No, you need to give your permission. Son, a person's life has a gazillion trials and triumphs. Some are trivial. Having no meaning. You forget 'em in a day or less. Other things, like this one, you remember the rest of your life. Since you're gonna be stuck remembering this forever, best decide what this memory will be for you. Accept your fate, enjoy watching what I do to her, and this will be something you'll cherish. Maybe I'll let you help a mite."
Never had Lewis given a thought to his wife fucking another man. Rising, he stumbled over to the couch, fell on the sofa, and pondered what Orlando had said. Sensations, wild and strange, simmered inside him.
In a drunken stupor, Lewis was confused, hurt, and excited. All the while, a deep sense of inadequacy pestered him.
"Y-yo-you u-un-understand, Bonnie, what he w-wa-wan-wants," Lewis said. "A blow job. Do you want to suck him off?"
"Don't know how."
"Y-yo-you don't n-ne-need to know," Lewis slurred his words stutter though, "He'll t-te-teach you. Da-da-do you w-wa-wan-want to?"
"Stop that baby stuttering," Bonnie snapped at him. "Yes, I want to do whatever he wants me to do. God, you've always been so weak." Stopping herself, Bonnie ended before she said something she had always wanted to say. Contrary to her desire to hurt him, she held her tongue.
Lewis tottered up to his feet, tripping a few times on his way to the bottle of bourbon. Gazing out the window at the city's lights, stretching to infinity, he wondered if he'd brought this on himself. Inside himself, in the place where he guarded his darkest secrets, he'd always wanted to watch her get fucked.
"Lewis, honey, if you aren't going to try to stop this from happening, you need to watch it. As pathetic as you've always been, yielding to my desire on anything, everything, you need to watch a man use me who knows how to use a woman."
"I can't be like him," he said. "The aggression, confidence, or manliness required to stop a man like him. Sweetheart, I don't have those qualities."
"Lewis, I told you to watch."
Turning, he moved back toward them. "From where?"
The frustration of her having to always decide boiled over. "Strip, squat, drink, and watch. And Lewis, don't you dare touch your penis until I tell you to."
As he stripped, first tossing his tux coat, with careless abandon, to the floor. Next, strip his tie from his neck, unfastened the studs on the shirt, and discard it. Fine goose pimples covered his chest and tummy. At last, he kicked off his shoes, rolled off the socks, and pitched his pants. He removed his boxers.
"Stop," his wife said. "When you do, jack off, you must cum inside them. Now squat."
Dropping to his hunches, knees up, feet tucked underneath, Lewis rested his hands on his thighs, with his stiff dick forming a six-or-six-and-a-half-inch tent in his shorts. Although he wasn't inadequate in the size department, he lacked manliness, confidence, or a desire to possess Bonnie. Preferring to be possessed by her.
Orlando gleaned all this from the conversation when Bonnie's father set up their honeymoon package. He hadn't intentionally purchased the cuckold experience. No, this part of the package was on the house.
Rubbing Orlando's legs through his pants, she worked her way to his crotch. Her face turned to him, her eyes staring in loving adoration at his face. Without taking her eyes from his, she unzipped his pants, worked the black, semierect dick from them, opened her mouth, and hovered with the head, almost but not quite, in her mouth.
While Orlando's dick was only an inch or so longer and perhaps a tad more girth, their differences transcended a mere few inches of size. The package needed an operator, and Orlando knew how to use a woman.
"Go on, baby doll, fuck your own throat."
"I don't...," she started.
"Figure out, little one," Orlando turned his attention to Lewis. "Watch what a woman can do with a real man."
Per-cum wet Lewis Hansen white boxers.
Twisting her head to one side, rotating back to the other, she worked the hardening cock into the back of her mouth. With her hot, tiny tongue exploring the veiny surface and lips caressing black iron, she bobbed balls deep on the cock, and pulled back until the head threatened to pop from her mouth.
Over and over again, picking up the pace, she sucked his rod for all her worth. Juices flowed inside her. Electricity ran up her spine, rushed to her toes, and shocked her pussy into tiny, wet convulsions. Never removing her stare from his commanding eyes.
When Bonnie first wrapped her arms around his powerful body, she belonged to him. Without effort, he'd manipulated them, husband and wife, and brought them under his control. Lewis yearned for the man to fuck his wife, wanting Orlando to take her where she'd never been. The place Lewis could never take her.
Beneath her own cravings, Bonnie desired to fulfill anything and everything Orlando required from her. Without understanding why she comprehended, it was better to serve than be served, more satisfying to gratify than to be pleased.
For twenty minutes, she sucked, teased his prick, and jacked his black cock.
Somewhere between lusty moans and groans, and the cupping and teasing of his balls with her tiny hands, the semen began its journey. Pulling from her mouth, Orlando let loose his thick seed, spraying her slender neck and the pearl and sequin-covered top of her dress with thick globs, long strands, and thin spiderweb sprays of cum.
Taking her head in his hands, he plunged back into her, pounding her throat with a merciless assault, all the time leering at her husband.
It was all Lewis could do to not play with his own penis. A tortured yearning filled him. He so wanted this to happen and hated what transpired before his eyes. The bone of contention between the childhood sweethearts made Lewis understand, in crystal clarity, not one moment in his life had been of his choosing. His future, set in stone, a powerless male whose only hope for success lies in the hands of his wife.
Therefore, happiness for Lewis depended on her and would comprise vicarious experiences played out with him as a voyeur to her pleasure.
Between lusting, thinking, and contemplating his future, Lewis caught every thrust of the black cock in his pale wife's throat. Bonnie's muffled gurgles, moans, sighs, and sloshing shamed and thrilled him. Lewis belonged to her, and for the moment, she belonged to Orlando.
Perhaps she'd always belong to Orlando, or she might belong only to herself, picking and choosing lovers as her mood required.
Pulling his pecker from Bonnie's throat and mouth, he placed her tiny hands on his cock. With long strokes, she jacked him, holding his dick inches from her dress. Again, thick jets of semen coated her wedding dress, and she scooped some of the jism on her left hand. Richly covering her wedding band and engagement ring. Standing, she strutted to him, humming the wedding march. Putting her left hand to his lips.
"Husband, clean it," she said.
With a hesitant kiss, pulling a small amount into his mouth, Lewis tasted the salty, plenteous coating of the man's cum. With a few eager, quick licks, he filled his mouth with the pungent, cooling semen.
Wiping the semen from her right hand over Lewis's face, Bonnie laughed, a hardy, throaty giggle.
"I baptize you, my husband, in the name of insipid passivity, singular masturbation, and inability to lead. A follower you shall be. My wedding dress will always have my first lover's stain, and I shall often remind you it was not you."
She raised the toe of her shoe to his balls, rubbing, moving up. She stroked his shaft for about thirty seconds.
Lewis moaned as the pleasure of the pressure on his prick filled him. the dirty, unyielding sole of her high heel moved over the tender flesh. Softly, she'd press the long spike of her heel into his ball sack when she reached the head of his cock. On the fifth stroke, cum spread over his boxers, leaching through the material that coated her shoe's toe.
Once the eruption subsided, she put the toe on his lips, "Suck me, husband."
Lewis opened his mouth, and she pumped the shoe in until the white leather appeared clean. Pulling the shoe down his chest, she jabbed him, every so lightly, in his tummy. Returning to her journey, she ran the ball of the shoe over his dick and balls, turned away, and moved to the bed.
"Be gentle, Orlando, I'm a virgin."
"Fetch me one of them lubes, Mr. Hansen, sir, if you please." Orlando pushed her back on the bed. Pulling the skirt of the dress and the petticoat under it up over her face.
Bonnie giggled, the same throaty girlish one she'd made before. An alluring, seductive call for Orlando and his wonderful cock.
The bellboy undressed his ebony skin, shiny and stretched tight over his sculpted body, intimated Lewis. Since Lewis Hansen could not match his strength, he stood still, admiring this manly man.
As Orlando's swarthy hands roamed over the lacey hose and satin thong, all white and virginal like the flesh below, Lewis's prick swelled. Snatching the thong from her crotch with one firm yank, Orlando proclaimed.
"Mine."
Pushing the fabric to his nose, he breathed deep her fragrance into his lungs. He tossed to the side, and message the pubic mound, played with her hair, and rolled his thumb over her clit. Taking the lube from Lewis, Orlando squirted some on his cock. With strokes around his prick, Orlando rubbed the oil into the veiny flesh and rolled some over the cockhead.
Coating his hand, he handed the oil back to Lewis. With a gentle massage, he worked the lube over her pussy, pushing his thumb inside her. Slowly, only a short distance, he added the oil to her own moisture. Finding the cherry, he stopped.
Bonnie moaned, groaned, and sighed with his attention. Becoming randy, her hands dug at the bedspread, and her body moved in small jerks and quivers. Giggles and laughs mingled with music from the player as the adrenaline and excitement erupted in a minny orgasm.
Grabbing her legs, spreading them wide, he pulled them to his shoulders, and yanked her back to the edge of the bed.
Grasping his stiff cock, he rubbed up and down her lips. Pressing at the opening. With a steady push, he worked the head forward and continued with small, controlled quarter-inch stabs. Orlando moved inside her, stopping at the hymen.
Her moans were mixed with slight yelps of pain as her muscles yielded, resultantly, to the invader.
"Baby girl, are you ready to be a woman?" her body, thin and ripe, lovely and pale, begged to be fucked.
"Oh, my sweet lord, yes, Orlando."
Pulling back, almost out of her, he thrust one quick, deep thrust and ripped through the cherry. Blood mingled with the rest and lubricated her for him. Pumping his hips, he dove into her deeper and deeper. Leering at Lewis, realizing the man's mixture of emotions.
Orlando's glower sent shivers of fear, humiliation, and excitement through Lewis. Holding his hands behind his back, he clasped them together, hoping soon to be allowed to pleasure himself.
For a few minutes, Orlando fucked her gentle, slow, with a constant increase, ever so light, of depth and intensity.
Once the initial pain ended, the pleasure took over, and Bonnie had emotions and sensations she'd only dreamed existed. As Bonnie's delight blossomed, Orlando's pace turned from tender to mercilessly pounding. Their breathing turned ragged, and their hearts beat as hard as their fucking. Each thrust Orlando hammered into her she met his movement with equality. Bucking her hips to him, she took what he gave and returned the same.
The movements melded into a oneness of opposites. Sumptuously and beautifully, the couple moved. Tenebrous and alabaster became one flesh. African and European amalgamated, her desire yielded to him. While his desire gave way to hers, and they fucked hard. With voraciousness Bonnie writhing under Orlando, her face covered with the skirt of the dress she married Lewis in only hours before. And the bellhop pummeled her pussy.
"I hope you're fertile, baby," he said.
"Fill me, please fill me," she said. "Husband, come kiss me while he fucks me."
Crawling up the bed, uncovering her radiant face, bending his face to hers, Lewis, with tender, tentative kisses, understands her pleasure.
Orlando spilled his load inside her and kept pumping until she finally shuddered through a massive climax.
While Orlando rehydrated, Lewis dined on the cum leaking from his wife's pussy. After a few minutes, Orlando returned, took Lewis by the shoulder, and tossed him aside. While this minor exchange occurred, Bonnie stripped out of her dress, spread it on top of the covers, and lay there, naked, other than her garter belt, stockings, and heels.
"Stay away from her, no kisses, no touching yourself or her, until I tell you, Mr. Hansen. I'm putting my brand on her this time, but good."
Again, the ebony and ivory lovers became one. In their enthralling union, he sucked her tits and thumped her pussy into orgasm after orgasm. They rolled over, and she rode his cock. Often, she'd stop, shudder through another climax. He'd roll her on her back and batter her pussy as her legs twitched, belly trembled, and tits quaked.
Around five in the morning, Orlando allowed Bonnie to jack off her husband with her stocking covered foot. In a one-minute-long massage, Bonnie brought Lewis to his second climax. Exhausted, she lay on her back, legs spread.
"Clean me, baby," she said, sweet and loving as she gazed at her lover with adoration. "Tonight, Orlando?"
Sinking between her legs, Lewis bean to eat the thick nectar from her hole. Lapping the copious goo from her twat, a pleasing mixture of liberation, natural and artificial, and salty semen, the rich iron of her blood, he devoured the syrup.
"I'll return at nine pm, Mrs. Hansen."
"I won't fuck Lewis, suck him, or jack him, I promise, Orlando."
In truth, it mattered little if he was pleasured or not, for Lewis's pleasure came from her satisfaction. Continuing to gobble the batter from her pussy, Lewis found his greatest pleasure.
Without speaking, Orlando dressed and left the newly inaugurated hot wife and husband. Making his way to the dining room, he glanced around and spotted Bonnie's father. Mr. Chambers stood up and waved Orlando to the table.
The stunning waitress rushed a fresh cup of coffee to the table and placed it in front of Orlando. "Good morning, sir. I trust you had a pleasant evening."
"I did, Angela. How about you?"
"Boring," she walked away, swishing her beautiful ass.
"How'd it go?" Mr. Chambers asked.
"Oh, he knows his place now."
The father took his wallet out, counted the money, and handed Orlando twenty one-hundred-dollar bills.
"I'd have preferred if she'd married a man like you. Some who knows, who and what he is. Some with backbone and strength. Not a weak-willed follower. I felt better to nip it in the bud, expose him as a feckless looser now, and put her in full control."
"Mission accomplished," Orlando said. "I'm going back to her tonight."
"How much for that, my concierge of sex?" Bonnie's father asked, pulling his billfold from his pocket.
"On the house."