"I can't believe everyone has a date but Monica." Thea King pouted as she and her girlfriends Cheyenne, Amber, Rosa, Tamara, and Lindsey all headed into the Theater's bathroom together. Their men grabbing popcorn and drinks from the concession stand. Monica was running late. Her ride being her neighbor Ryan Quinones and his new girlfriend April. Not that it mattered. Ryan had tried to get his brother Kyle to be Monica's date but he had other plans. Avoiding Monica to be more precise. It was driving Monica crazy.
As the girls primped in the bathroom commenting on Thea's observation Amber shrugged, "Our fearless Leader knows what she's doing. It's not like guys won't notice her. Who knows what the Hoochie might wear. Or, not wear." The girls giggled in agreement. Monica Gift was easy on the eyes for certain. Even some of them were jealous of her. Tamara especially. The blond was insecure most days even after coming into her own under Monica's guidance. It was fun being sexy. Ever more fun in getting guys rock hard and begging for her attention. She hoped today would be no different. The movie they had all agreed on wasn't the most talked about must see of the summer. Chosen wisely to avoid bigger crowds. Less people more freedom. There was still the possibility of trouble. So many students checking into a loser flick might put them on the Manager's radar.
As they prepared to return to their dates the door to the bathroom bursts open and in comes Monica Gift, "Who stole my Twizzlers?"
"You made it." Tamara pepped up.
"Of course I made it. This was my idea."
"Amber shakes her head pointing, "Why are you wearing a trench coat in 90 degree heat?"
"Yeah, are You Inspector Gadget?" Thea snorts.
Monica chuckles then unties her sash opening it for a full frontal assault. Every girl there gasped and giggled. Monica Gift was naked beneath her coat. The immediate shock wore off quickly turning to worry.
"What if the Manager questions your coat?"
"Yeah he may frisk you thinking you're smuggling in your own concessions."
Amber chuckles.
"Naaaaa! I know the Manager. I just realized I delivered pizza to his house weeks ago. He's already seen me naked. Bikini first but very close to naked at his front door."
"That was the Nerdy guy you told me about?" Lindsey drops her jaw.
"Yep. Trust me he won't say a thing."
Amber puckers, "Too cool."
"Not really. I'm sweating my nipples off in this thing. I hope the air conditioning is kicked up."
"Once the lights go out you can take it off." Thea winks.
"You know me too well Squirt."
"Squirt? Oh, that reminds me." Thea tilts her gaze, "You are going to Church with me on Sunday right?"
"Wouldn't miss it. As long as your Dad doesn't lay hands on me." Monica sticks her tongue out at her.
Thea in turn giggles, "He is the Pastor. Never know."
"Enough about Church. The guys are probably wondering what the hold up is." Amber rushes them.
Leading the way Amber and the girls regroup with their dates. Dates who invited friends. This theater was gonna be a double feature. Cheyenne hugs Darius from the side whispering to him that Monica was only wearing her coat and tennis shoes. Word swiftly spread amongst the guys. Suggestions immediately taunted the other girls into joining Monica's sense of freedom. As the tickets were being torn one by one they passed the point of entry.
Bringing up the rear Monica smiles at the ticket taker noticing the Manager behind him recalling her. He turned pale and swallowed dryly. Fluttering her fingers at him she took the time to say hi.
"Remember me?"
"Pizza girl. Wearing your bikini under that coat?"
"Nope." She fans her coat open for him to see her nudity. Her friends all nearly choked at her boldness. The Manager stares with a blank expression.
"Enjoy the show. I did."
"Show's just getting started." She winks pulling her coat together, "You should sneak in with your flashlight later to see if I'm misbehaving."
"M-maybe."
"You know you wanna."
He trembles then looks at her friends. Only Amber dared to lift her shirt and flash him her tits. The Manager felt dizzy. Waving them on to avoid others seeing their devious deeds Monica blew him a kiss and skipped along to her friends. The guys were blown away.
Locating the theater showing their chosen film everyone scattered about to find their own space. Monica chose the center. Of course she would want to be the center of attention. To her left Thea and her date Garrett. Amber to her right between her Hispanic delights Carlos and Rico. Behind her Lindsey and Toby. Darius and Cheyenne. Rosa and her man Chico. Tamara and her latest man Jeffrey.
"Where's our Cheerleaders?" Monica stood up looking around.
"Violet said they were running late." Rosa spoke up.
"They better not stand us up." Monica pouts as she spots Ryan and April finally joining the group. Ryan and April had decided to sit outside the cinema to talk. Lately it seemed as if there might be trouble in paradise yet whenever Monica saw them together they appeared as lovey dovey as ever. Monica was happy for Ryan yet her own internal memories of his fondness for her kept coming to the surface. At this point in her life all she desired was to explore her creativity and sexual appetite. Of course it was Ryan that helped drag her simple exhibitionism into full on sexual beast. Not only was she showing off she was playing Pornstar for anyone willing to watch. Each time finding allies that stood up for her when and if she ever needed help. It was good to be Monica Gift.
Leaving her seat she slips in front of Amber snuggling between her beau's. In passing she points at Amber, "You're half way there. The braless brigade is still in force. I think the Manager liked these." Monica reaches down jiggling Amber's tits under her t-shirt. Her boyfriends chuckled at Monica's bravado. Amber puckered with a sneer.
"Hey! Those are for my Senior Senor's to jiggle."
"Sowwy. Commence jiggling My Amigos." Monica departs as Amber quickly found two separate hands on her tits. Enjoyment was had by all.
Shuffling back three rows Monica plops down beside April as Ryan ate his popcorn, "Okay what gives? I introduced you two over a month ago. He spends all of his time with you. Which keeps him happy, as well as out of my hair. But, I'm sensing tension one second then 360 next. What gives?"
"We're fine. Seriously." April folds her arms over her chest. The air conditioning was rather chilly and her nipples were at peak performance.
"I know better. Are you two breaking up and just haven't come to terms with it?"
Ryan nearly chokes on his popcorn taking a drink of soda to clear his throat, "Breaking up? Say what?"
"You both heard me. I'm your best friend and I feel something off."
"We are not breaking up." He looks at April with concern. She rolls her eyes and twists in her seat to face Monica.
"Keep it down. I haven't started my period is all. Don't get your hopes up it might be nothing. I'm just moody."
Monica drops her jaw then looks around her before hugging April. She then looks to Ryan watching her tone of voice so that others could not hear, "Oh my God! A baby Quinones?"
Ryan turned pale, "Why did you tell her that?"
"It's possible." April turns sad, "He doesn't want to be a Daddy."
"I'm staying out of this one. I don't want to ruin my show today with thoughts like Motherhood. That's why I take birth control religiously. We will talk more should it go beyond uncertainty. You know I love you both."
Hopping up she sticks her tongue out at them then takes her coat off. Tossing it over her shoulder she marches away. Luckily only her friends were there to see her nudity at this point. The guys were all eyes and whispers. Circulating with a suave demeanor she points to her girlfriends.
"Are you going to let your men want me more than you? Get crackin' and ass smackin'." Her palm flies up then slaps her own bare ass on the down swing. The guys loved it. The girls loved it but felt insecure a bit still. The night was young.
Putting her coat back on for the moment Monica left it untied. Fanning open she sat down and smirked at Thea. Thea and Garrett both blushed, "You are so crazy." Thea flared her eyes.
"Garrett? You better get on that tiny little ladies ass. Break that shyness already."
"Working on it." He himself shied off but tried to grin. It was priceless. Monica would bring them out of their shells yet. After all Thea had already explored her sexuality kicking and screaming, then blushing afterwards. They were a cute couple. For a Giant of 6'3 and a girl of barely 5 feet tall in heels.
Arriving together in mass came the Cheerleaders. All of them this time. Zoe with Carson. Becca with Shane. Deedee and her date Preston. Thelma and Jerome. Trish and Perry. Gemma and Rick. Deanna and Colin. Kelly and Eric. Violet with Trey. It was going to be a looooong night.
"My Cheer Dears." Monica leaps up losing her coat with her arms held high. Everyone laughed at her, sharing praise for Monica's unique brand of coolness. The girls quickly reigned in their tongues. Not out of jealousy but because they had their men wrapped around their pinky's. Monica wasn't after any of them outside teasing. However she was open to more as long as the girls felt the same. Most of them knew Monica was no real threat and let their men enjoy themselves. They would reap the benefits of her teasing later.
As everyone congregates together Monica leaps up on a seat nearly losing her balance until Thea's man Garrett catches her. Hands on her ass he hisses at Thea who merely smirks with glazed over eyes. Thea knew it was all in fun.
"Thanks G. Okay before any non cult members show up here let's make a pact. All ears? GOOD! Lights go out we give our men a show better than any fucking R-rated Thriller could possibly give them. Are you with me Braless Brigade?"
They start to cheer then regret it as Monica hushes them with a teetering laugh. Garrett was still supporting her ass cheeks. Calming her flock Monica continues, "Last girl wearing clothing has to leave the theater nude walking in the middle of everyone. Like I did in school. Deal?"
Hesitance struck for some, others were ready for action.
"Guys? Do not let your ladies be shy. Challenge yo bitches." She rallies in a lowered voice.
While still standing high in her seat the Manager enters looking about. Seeing him Monica calls out waving excitedly, "Hi Eugene."
Some of the guys snickered as he waved and stood there watching her nude tall in her seat. It was amazing. Did Monica know every guy in a fifty mile radius?
"Show him your appreciation Ladies." Monica motions the girls to rise up. Standing proudly the Braless Brigade lift their shirts or lower their dresses to offer poor gentle Eugene the most tits he had ever seen outside of a porn. He nearly fainted catching the wall with one hand. Hearing this many girls whisper flirtatiously, "Hey Eugene." all at once took his breath away. He had to get out or call 9-1-1 for himself. Only Ryan's girlfriend April behaved. Ryan knew she wanted to join them but chose not to. That made poor Ryan stress that he was trying to change her. That or possibly being knocked up had her reconsidering her once adventurous soul. Either way he felt very uncomfortable sitting next to her.
The second Eugene raced out the girls covered up. Monica threw her fist in the air and yelled, "VICTORY!" Their men couldn't agree more. Hearing them grumble about the ladies going back into hiding disturbed Monica just as fast. For this challenge to work every girl there had to be on the same page. All day long she had spent her spare time in school while coaxing the girls out of their comfort zones. She knew all it would take was one strong showing and the girls would be hooked. Addiction to exhibition was a wonderful thing. Some of the girls were already devoted, others needed a little more encouragement. Having the guys show their support and desires should do the trick. All the girls needed was to feel adored. Monica knew there were definitely some future pole dancers here today. She intended to push each of them over the edge. The attention each of the guys showed them was bound to bring out their best.
Left fist clenched Monica pointed at each of her friends with her right hand. Teetering in her seat she grew overconfident and lost her balance. With a yelp she fell sideways directly into Garrett's arms. Her tits grazing the side of his face. Laying over him she tilts back waving at Thea. Garrett began sweating worried Thea might be upset with him. Even as Monica lay there she blew a kiss at Thea apologizing with a lip sync. Thea tried not to laugh but couldn't resist. Finally, Monica reaches up to pat Garrett's cheek, "My hero." A launch upward Monica pulls herself into her seat and throws her arms in the air as if returning to the ring. Dancing on her knees in the seat led her to crawl once more out to prowl.
Moving along the outside aisle she discovers Eugene returning one last time. Waving at Monica who had put her trench coat back on drew her to him. Reaching Eugene Monica removed her coat and threw her naked body into his arms. he was afraid to touch her as she clung to him. Her chest mashing against his made the poor man fall backwards into the wall.
"I-I'm going to help you out." He manages to speak.
"How? Free popcorn?"
"N-no. I'm going to close this theater down to anybody else. It looks like your friends are the only ones here anyway. I'll say the projector broke for this showing."
"Seriously? So sweet. Can I ask you a favor?" She whispers into his ear something that makes his jaw drop and eyes bulge. Nodding selfishly he agrees as she eases from her hug to peck him on the cheek, "Can you also hold on to this for me?" Handing him her trench coat he swallows and steps away with it. She was free of her burden once and for all.
As soon as he left the theater he places trash cans in front of the door until it could be roped off with chains and pylons. From there he dropped her coat by his office and told the ticket cashiers that he was shutting down the cinema. They didn't think about the already sold tickets. Only listening to their Boss. What they didn't understand was why nobody came up for a refund. Nor the fact that Eugene disappeared to actually start the movie. Who knew? Eugene was weird anyways.
As the theater lights dimmed Monica danced around up front like a ballet dancer in Swan Lake. Guys stood up instinctively and turned to their ladies at the same time. Unknown to the girls Monica had arranged it for the guys to all make their moves at once. Her ballet recital was their cue. Each guy coaxed the girls out of their seats and assisted in stripping them. One by one the girls lost every stitch of clothing save for socks. A remarkable feat to see carried out not one girl dropped the ball. Not even little Thea. She blushed heavily but hugged Garrett tightly as moral support.
Monica stopped dancing long enough to absorb the mass stripping. Holding her palms over her heart Monica whimpered, "My babies." Then the thought of April and Ryan's predicament crept over her. Her sadness needed to go. With a point up at April she yells, "You too April. No girl sits pretty."
Looking at Ryan April shrugs, "Should I?"
"Be yourself. My feelings for you won't change. Totally up to you April."
"Okay. I adore you Ryan." With a guilty hiss she stands up and drops her shorts to the floor after kicking her shoes off. She had gone commando so her lower half was bare bottom. Shirt over her head she tosses it at Ryan. Then goes the bra. The only bra in the house because she was never officially inducted into the Braless Brigade. That changed today. Nude she throws her hands in the air and yells, "FREE AT LAST."
Low level cheers made her feel right at home. Ryan could only smirk. Maybe April needed this. He was thinking way too much. They weren't even certain she was pregnant. All talk for now. He did know April wanted a baby. He just wasn't sure he was ready for such a huge step. He cared about the farm girl but was it love? He eyed her curves in thought, "Lust for certain." Then he noted all the guys looking at her, "Not just my lust either." He blew a warm exhale up over his upper lip. This was going to be a long movie. He settled back watching the movie trailers as girls all around him were being pawed up or kissed on. Half the girls here he himself had lusted over for years. Seeing his reluctance April straddles his lap as best she could. Luckily the arm rests folded back to give her knees room. Throwing her arms around Ryan's neck the short haired brunette beauty kissed him. Feeling her hips grind along his crotch was all it took. Ryan Quinones was all in.
Like a Drill Sargent Monica paced the front of the theater with her arms behind her back. Scrutinizing each girl who took things slow. Most of the guys were storming their senses with kisses, caresses, and gripping fingers. Tits crushed. Nipples bitten. Asses slapped. As their hormones intensified so did adrenalin. The girls quickly lost their minds. Some were already moving in for the kill. Belts undone, pants tugged low, boxers and briefs hitting the floor. Dicks were wagging everywhere. Girls kneeling to jerk off their man or suck their cocks. The orgy of a lifetime had struck. All due to Monica Gift.
Moving from couple to couple she supervises jokingly, "Grip those nads. Lift those eyes up and let your man see how much you want them. Move it! Move it! Move it!" She was having a blast. She should have brought a switch to spank asses with or lift a chin. Luckily her interventions worked. The girls although giggling did listen to her suggestions. The guys loved Monica just as much.
Cozying up to guys to bask in their excitement gave Monica goosebumps. Holding the arm of her friend Shane, Monica glares down at Becca, "What can she do to make this more enjoyable for you?" Becca winces up at her with her hand stroking Shane's girth. Pondering the options Shane puckers, "Both hands?" Monica smirks at Becca and pats her long brunette mane.
"You heard the man. Double it up Soldier." In response Becca shakes her head and wraps both hands around his shaft. Observing her method Monica tsks loudly and uses her own hand to corkscrew his crown. Shane's knees nearly buckled under her sudden assault. Seeing this Becca grins. One hand strokes her other twists his crown lightly. Shane whimpered down at his girl how much he adored her.
"Job one Soldier. Commence firing." Monica moved on.
Reaching Zoe and Carson she discovered the blond sucking Carson's dick. Even though he loved the blonds lips moving warmly back and forth Monica knew she needed work. Kneeling awkwardly beside Zoe who peered at the intruder through the corner of her eyes, Monica takes Zoe's right hand and folds her fingers to cup Carson's balls, "Knead those nads Blondie. Milk that bastard." That she did. In seconds Carson floods her mouth with scalding hot jizz. She nearly choked on the amount. Her eyes twitched as she swallowed every drop. Monica looking back after hearing his snarl grins, "That's storming the beach Sailor. Drink up Floozie." Zoe flips Monica off but continues sucking Carson. Carson himself gave Monica a thumbs up.
Hearing grunts and moans fill the air Monica livened them up one by one. Only Amber had the best showing thus far. Her Mexicana lovers were doing double duty. Both men had somehow managed to get both of their cocks inside her mouth at once. Seeing this Monica pats the boys on the back, "Big guns. I like that. Blow that mouth up." Amber using both hands was squeezing their balls. She knew what she was doing. Patting Amber's hair she whispers, "Whiten those teeth Soldier." Talking with her mouth full Monica still made out the words, "Fuck you." Giggling she pranced onward.
Guys were cumming right and left. Her thoughts soared on what to do next. Not wanting to give anyone the chance to think it was over so soon she gave them a few minutes longer for the stragglers to jizz. Finally, Monica makes her way down to the front and begins pacing again.
"What's the true test of a slut Braless Brigade?" Mumbles were heard in reply, "I CAN'T HEAR YOU." She barks.
Darius spoke up for his girl Cheyenne, "Share the wealth?" Chey looked up at him queerly. What was he doing?
"Good! That's the spirit. Every slut here move to your left and switch partners. Get a grip Bitches."
Although some were hesitant the girls did indeed switch. Monica stops Thea from moving away from Garrett. Whispering, "You two lovebirds just sit there and adore one another." Thea sighed with relief until Rosa stepped over to face Garrett. His jaw dropped at her nudity up close. Rosa had enormous yet perky breasts. Licking his lips at the was enough for Thea. She made her move regardless to kneel in front of Kelly's man Eric. One of Garrett's best friends. Fondling his cock the rest was history. Rosa took it in stride and massaged Garrett. Sadly losing Thea he also lost his erection. Finally unable to offer him what he desired outside of squeezing a tit Rosa stood up and patted Garrett on the chest. She then went over to Thea and knelt in to whisper that her man needed her. Thea looking back at Garrett saw him pouty. Thea returned home. Rosa instead blew Eric. There was no time for jealousy as Monica fired away, "Everyone switch." Round after round the girls traded partners. There was never enough time to vent frustrations or getting the guys off. Finally, Monica yells out, "Treat your Lady, Guys."
The girls found themselves forced to sit in seats as the guys ate them out. Fingers inserted. Moans were like chants in a Tibetan temple. Monica nodded her approval until he saw April with Gemma's man Rick. Poor Ryan and Violet Ranier was sitting this one out uncomfortably. Eying April enjoying Rick's tongue a little too much Monica gnashes her teeth. She could see how miserable Ryan was. Taking the steps by storm she races to Ryan's side. Violet sitting next to him shrugged. She really did want to be eaten out. Patting Ryan on the leg Monica whispered, "I got this." To Violet's shock Monica buried her face and made Violet turn beet red. Eyes bulging until the sensations became too good to let end. Violet placed her hands in Monica's hair and began howling. The girls took that time to discover the wolf. Admiring Monica's technique as Violet exploded with a gushing orgasm the girls clapped. Hearing this Monica rears up her face drenched in Rainier's rain.
"OH MY GOD!" Violet huffs looking at Monica licking her lips of the redhead's juices.
"Just Saving Private Ryan." April hesitated before guiding Rick aside. Standing up she made her way back to Ryan. Sitting in his lap she curls up and holds him. Monica respectfully rubs April's leg, "Welcome home Soldier." April shed a tear.
As Monica stands she notices a flashlight shine on her. Eugene motioned her to follow him. Seeing this Monica turns to her troops, "WAR IS HELL. Switch and repeat. Except you two." She points at Ryan and April. They couldn't agree more. Some couples just needed to keep it together.
Shifting past Ryan and Violet, Monica reached Eugene, "I'll be back people. Don't stop fighting. We have the enemy on the ropes." The congregation merely shrugs and alternates partners yet again. Nobody truly questioned why Monica left them. They were having too much fun. Even Ryan ate April to keep things happy. Not once did Ryan notice April looking at other guys. It was easy to tell she wanted to move in rotation. Not that she would let Ryan know that.
Long feverish minutes vanish as squeals and cum flooded about the theater. Only when the movie screen became pure white from lighting instead of an actual movie did everyone look up out of curiosity. Suddenly as if a shadow puppet on the wall they saw a dick dangling in the projectors fueled lighting. The group unified with a shared, "WHOA!"
Shadow knuckles fondle the dick. Then a finger flips them off. Everyone laughed as they could easily tell Monica by her shadowy profile. Her mouth widening as if to devour a shadow dick. Her tongue flicks the crown. After swallowing the cock on the big screen the group could only admire Monica. She was insane but incredible all the same. For long minutes Monica blew Eugene. It was difficult to see his cum shoot her in the face but her reaction was believable. Grossed out by the thoughts she let that chubby freak do that to her lingered a bit until a piece of paper with words written on it in black marker displays across the screen. It was easy to read..."GET TO FUCKING PEOPLE."
The guys jumped at the command. Girls no matter who they were found themselves either bent over, drug to the floor missionary style, or drawn on top of the guys laps to let them ride their cocks. The orgy was in full force. Ryan and April merely watched and kissed. He could tell she was disappointed.
On the big screen Monica backed her ass up to Eugene and allowed him to show his cock as if entering her from behind. In reality he was fucking her hip. They laughed that nobody could really even tell the difference. To her shock Monica finds Eugene's hands on her hips. He snuck in for the kill and actually penetrated her from behind. Her jaw dropped and she just let him have his fun. In her mind she groans, "Taking one for the team."
Thankfully Eugene couldn't finish. One time jizzing was his limit. Regardless she thanked him with a succulent kiss. She would gag later. Her show at least was over. Giving him time to get dressed he leads her safely back to the theater. Entering they had to rush in quickly. The moans were so loud there was no masking the girls. Orgasms one after another sparked shrill cries of ecstasy. It was a feeding frenzy.
Monica hugging Eugene from the side expressed her delight with a peaceful admiration. Her Brigade had come through with the flag held proudly.
"I'd call this a Victory." She tells Eugene.
He cringes, "I call this unsanitary. I really do need to close the theater now. Just to clean up."
"Sowwy Hugene."
"Hugene? I'm not that endowed."
"No but you're a Big ole Teddy Bear." She reaches over to squeeze his lips together into a pucker. He laughed awkwardly then rubbed her back.
"Double Feature?"
"Ehhh! Just a really long movie." She didn't want to make him lose business the entire day. Of course it was down the rest of the night for Janitorial. Poor cleaning crew.
Idle until the last girl twitched and the last guy grunts Monica calls it quits. Clapping loudly she applauds her troops then races down to the front to take her bows. The claps reverted to the audience this time. They loved her Directorial Debut. The remainder of the show led to getting dressed. Some girls held grudges. Others complimented each other. The Guys? Smug as they come.
"Everybody got naked so I guess nobody takes the walk of shame." Monica sadly acknowledges. All until April stood up pointing down at Ryan. His eyes bulging he realized he only got a blowjob then got dressed. Hesitantly Monica looks at Ryan shaking his head negatively. Knowing he was going to resist April rolls her eyes and disrobes again. He looks at her with dread. She was going to make him join her. Hearing guys offer him encouragement Ryan leaps to his feet, "FUCK IT." Stripping nude he hands girls around him his clothing. They quickly stashed the couples belongings and waited for Monica to put on her trench coat as handed to her by Eugene.
"Ready to March Soldiers?" She calls out.
Ryan's friend Shane made up his own marching song.
"Ryan rolled over and took April by the hand." The other guys repeated his verse laughing, "April patted his ass and followed her Man.' Another repeat, "Walking through the theater buck naked and red" He laughs, "Out into the parking lot wishing he was dead." Ryan flipped him off both barrels as he struts with April into the aisle, "Sound off." The group rallied with a second uproarious, "SOUND OFF."
Monica finally hushed her people before exiting the auditorium. Everyone did their part in smothering the couple to avoid notice. Impossible but effective enough. As they left the theater Monica looked around her and stripped off her trench dancing freely without interference. The crowds were mostly inside. Those walking in saw it all. She blew kisses and mooned people with pride. Not one person bitched. Ryan and April discovered it wasn't so bad to be Streakers.
Victory indeed.
Eugene?
He chose to clean the theater himself.
It was worth it.
Roll credits.