Linda goes back to Randy's
I guess that not only am I an exhibitionist, I am somewhat a submissive. I think that it comes from my strict Catholic upbringing. My mother was a good Catholic wife, pregnant all the time. She had no desire to be anything other than a mother, at least that's what it seems. If she ever had any dreams of being anything else, she never voiced it to me or to any of my brothers or sisters. (There are 6 of us, and 6 miscarriages) I was taught by the priests, the nuns and my mother that the male (husband) was the head of the home. He made the decisions, he had the final word.
When I went away to college, my first time away from the scrutiny of my parents, I was a veritable "babe in the woods", I was vulnerable, ripe for the picking, a virgin in more ways than one. Certainly, I had dates in high school; the boys came from the all-boys school to our all-girls school for the mandatory dances. Nothing in terms of bodily contact ever got past the sharp eyed nuns during those social gatherings. I had a few dates, always double dates with one of my older sisters, with a couple of our neighborhood Catholic boys. There were the clumsy sloppy kisses and frantic groping of my breasts but a firm "No!" was all it took to stop their explorations. Deep down I didn't want them to stop, but I was a "good girl" who didn't do those types of things. None reached my bra let alone to a bare breast. I'd be deposited at my doorstep a wet, frustrated virgin. All the boys were children of our parents friends, all the parents wished that their sons would eventually forego their earthly desires and become priests, thank God very few actually did. Unfortunately in our mid-teens the knowledge that anything remotely related to sex would have to be confessed to a priest, even the mere thinking of sex was considered a sin.
Then I went to the university. Within a month, I met my future husband. I knew he was going to be the one the first moment I saw him. I was bold, I walked up to him and using all my new found womanly charm, I introduced myself to him and proceeded to do my damnedest to seduce him. Little did I know just how much my life would change from that moment on?
Jim was so different than I was. He had been a completely independent person from an early age. He rebelled from the strict church teachings that held me back. He lived for the moment and most especially his views about sex were so different than what I had been taught. Where I was taught that sex was just for reproduction, he believed sex was for enjoyment. I was taught that if you didn't get pregnant you must be doing something wrong (or had done something grievously wrong in the eyes of God). Jim believed that you were only doing it wrong if both partners didn't thoroughly enjoy it. If you got "knocked up" that was an unfortunate side effect. Protection was mandatory.
I wasn't a total push-over, I wasn't exactly that easy. I made him work just a little to get in my panties. The big problem working against my resistance was that I wanted him as much as he wanted me. Virginity be damned, I couldn't wait to have his big old cock buried deep inside me.
The first real date, an away football game with a near-by school, in the back seat of my sister's boyfriend's car, Jim had my boobs out and was sucking on my nipples. I had never experienced anything so fantastic. I had my first orgasm from a man. I honestly thought I had died and gone to heaven. I was hooked, there was no turning back. Within weeks we were stealing away to his room or mine, he would strip me and finger fuck me and eat my pussy until I begged him to stop. I'd suck him until he came. I quickly learned I liked his taste. He didn't pressure me to fuck, he knew it would happen, I knew it would happen. Finally it did and it was even better than I could ever have dreamed.
Within few weeks later we were fucking every day, most days more than once. I think I nearly fucked him to death, but he never let me down. How he kept it up baffled me. He must have been sore, I was but I couldn't resist. I needed him inside me, deep inside me.
It was during that time when we would lay around after sex, still naked, that Jim convinced me that my body was beautiful. All he wanted was to see me walk around totally naked while he looked at me. He constantly told me how beautiful he thought I was. It was strange, I had never been naked before, okay in the shower and changing my clothes, but never just naked. I certainly had never been naked in front of a man. But with Jim it was different; I wanted to be naked for him. It didn't bother me to let him see me completely without clothes. It felt good; I liked having him look at me, touching me, telling me how he thought I was beautiful. If that was how he wanted me then that is how I would be. I loved him unconditionally, from the first moment I saw him, there would be no one but him. I'd do anything he asked, anything. Even then he put the idea of others seeing me naked in my head. Several times one of our friends would show up unexpectedly and I'd grab my clothes and scramble to the bathroom to put them on. He'd laugh and tell me to relax that it was okay if someone saw me. He said I was beautiful when I was naked. I was appalled at such an idea; just talking about another man seeing me naked embarrassed me. When Jim suggested it, it also made that tingle in my pussy.
When he suggested taking pictures of me, I was embarrassed but I didn't hesitate, if that is what he wanted. When he told me that he had shown some of them to one of his buddies, I was mortified, but when I saw how happy it made him, I wanted him to show more of them. Then it was another guy and another. I saw how excited it made him. We talked about how turned on the men got when they saw me naked in the photos. It turned me on too. I wanted our male friends to know what Jim was seeing. It made me hot and wet, my nipples became so hard they would hurt; my pussy would get dripping wet. Jim and I would fuck until neither of us could move. We would fall asleep with him still hard inside me.
When Jim suggested that I pose naked for a few of our friends, I agreed, somewhat reluctantly at first, but the more we talked, the more I wanted it because he wanted it. So I posed for some of them, first at home with Jim guiding me along and ultimately without Jim being present. I would go to their house or to an outside location where I would strip naked and they would photograph me in whatever pose they wanted. Sometimes there would be more than one guy, it didn't matter, and if Jim wanted me to do it I'd do it for him. When Jim saw the photos they shot of me he'd fuck me so hard. He'd make me tell him everything that happened, what they said and how I felt. It became a main topic of our fantasy pillow talk.
I'd never had sex with any man before Jim; hell no other man had ever touched my tits or pussy before Jim. I'd never seen another man's cock. Sometimes Jim would have me strip naked and dance for him and his buddy, usually only one at a time but sometimes more. He'd let them touch me all over. I'd get wet watching Jim watch me. I could tell when they wanted me to take their clothes off too. Jim and I had talked about me doing that. I could tell when they wanted me to suck their cocks; I'd do it to let Jim see me take them deep down my throat. I was pleased when I could make them cum.
I'd let them stick their cocks in my pussy; they'd fuck me while Jim watched. Often he'd take pictures of them fucking me. It wasn't Jim fucking me, it was different, not bad different, just different. Every man fucks different. Our fantasy pillow talks would be about how it felt and what I thought while another man was shoving his cock in me. When Jim would make love to me as I told him I'd cum so hard sometimes I'd pass out completely.
Jim wanted me to go home with some of his friends. He wanted me naked all the time I was there. He wanted them to use me however they wanted, as long as they didn't hurt me. That was pretty much the rules we set up. I first went home with Randy I sucked him, he ate my pussy and we fucked. He also had one of his friends come in his house to see me naked. It was exciting and when I told Jim about what happened, He got turned on hearing and I got turned on telling. We had something new for me to do.
Like I said I'm an exhibitionist and a submissive. I'll let anyone Jim wanted to see me look at me. I'd dress however he wanted me to; I'd ride naked in the car letting anyone in a higher vehicle look down at my naked body. I was his, I loved it. I guess I rationalized that I was just following my man's requests; that absolved me from all responsibility. In reality I wanted to do more. Sometimes during our "pillow talks" I bring up a suggestion of something Jim could tell me to do. That way it seemed like his idea. I was the one that suggested going to a nudist resort. Jim loved the idea. We liked the one that was close by that cratered to truckers who would stop and look at the naked women. I loved going in the clubhouse with all those clothed truckers letting them see me naked. Jim loved showing me off to them.
It was a couple of months after the first time going home with Randy when Jim said, "You know Randy has asked me if I'd be willing to let you come over to his house again. What do you think? You game?" Jim asked one evening as we lay in bed. He was pinching my nipples playfully.
"I don't know, it was kinda fun, in a scary exciting embarrassing way. I guess I could be convinced to do it again. You want me to?" I teased him back by stroking his erection. I knew he wanted me to by his asking.
"I liked seeing you get in his car all naked and seeing you driven away with nothing to cover yourself with. I like the idea of you spending a day away from any clothes, having him look at you and enjoy you." Jim moved down to trace his finger along my slit.
"You keep doing that and I'll walk there naked if you want me to." I could hardly keep still, he was driving me crazy.
"What if he has his friend Terry comes by again, would you care?"
"Mmm, not really, he's seen me naked already; it'd probably not be any big deal. Oh, do that more. That feels so good." Jim knows I'll do anything he asks when he plays with my pussy.
"You've got to be kidding; I'll bet Terry'd give about anything to see you again. With those tits and this pussy, I guarantee any man who sees you will want to see you again, and more."
"Just what do you think they'd like to do?" I teased; loving Jim telling me what he thought other men would do to me.
"First if you aren't naked, every man wants to know what you would look like naked. Next if you are naked they want to look at those fantastic tits of yours. They want to see them sway and bounce. They would want you to lean forward and watch them hang down. Then they'd want to look at your beautiful pussy hair, how it is so dark and curly. They'd want to run their fingers through it. After that they'd want to see you spread your legs and open your pussy and show them your inner lips and your clit. Then watch you push a finger or two up inside yourself then pull it out and lick your juices off. Last they'd like to see your cute little ass-hole as you spread your cheeks and ran your finger around that tight pucker." Jim was piling it on deep!
"Wow, do you really think that or is that just what you like to see?" I know I was playing coy.
"Sweet Heart, I've talked to enough guys who have either seen you naked or want to see you naked to know what they want. You have that effect on men. You still don't realize that you are drop dead gorgeous. My God, I wish I could just keep you naked all the time so people could see you."
"I love you so much. I just don't think of myself as anything special and I don't see why all you guys want to see me naked. All women have boobs and a pussy, how am I so different?"
"You're different because you let men see your tits and pussy, not all women do that. You're exceptionally beautiful, not all, actually very few are as beautiful a as you are. You don't flaunt yourself, and that makes you even more special."
"Jim you know I only show myself because I know you want me to. True, I do get enjoyment, a lot of it when I do. It makes me feel like I'm having one long continuous orgasm. Believe it or not, I still get embarrassed when someone other than you sees me naked, or touches me. Sometimes I just think I'll die from embarrassment, but then I think of you and know that you want me to do these things and I just feel that tingle in my pussy again. I'd stop right now if you told me that's what you want, or I'll do whatever you ask me to do. I love you that much." I now had tears in my eyes, God I hate how emotional I get when I tell Jim how much I love him.
"I'll tell Randy that you agree to come over again."
"Naked I assume?" I purred.
"How else? I'd not expect any other way from him."
"You men are such pigs sometimes!" I sucked Jim's cock down deep in my mouth.
"Admit it, you love it." He laughed and held my head so I couldn't pull up.
"Mummft!"
A few days later we told Randy that I would come over to be his "house guest" again. We agreed that he would pick me up early Friday afternoon and Jim would pick me up on Sunday morning. I'd have no clothes to put on anytime during that period, no matter what situation might arise.
The next Friday didn't work out so we settled for the following Friday. Unfortunately Jim was called out of town on business so I just assumed we would reschedule again. Jim, Randy and I talked it over and even though I was hesitant, Jim agreed to let me go anyway. He'd get home Sunday afternoon and could still pick me up Sunday as planned, though later in the day. I had lost my security blanket of knowing that Jim was just a short ways away if I needed him. He'd be clear across the country, I'd be on my own, naked with another man with Jim so far away.
"Jim, honey, are you sure you still want me to go with Randy? It wouldn't be so awful if we waited another week." I snuggled next to him in bed.
"It'll be okay, Randy will good take care of you. He thinks the world of you. You just have to make sure he doesn't convince you to stay with him permanently."
I rose up on my elbows and looked him straight in the eyes. "No way that ever happening! I don't love him. He's a good friend, he's fun, but I could never leave you for him, or for anyone."
"Yeah, sure, I bet when he sticks his hard cock in your pussy you just forget all about me." He teased.
"He fucks me, you make love to me. Believe me there's a world's difference. Anyway, his cock is shorter than yours. I'm spoiled with that sword you pack. But... he does try hard, I gotta give him points for effort. He does have a pretty talented tongue, and he makes me cum. You just might watch your step Buddy." I could tease as well as Jim could.
"I guess I'd better call and tell him that he can't eat your pussy or fuck you with his tiny little pecker."
"No way! If you are going to take off leaving me all worked up and horny, I get to find release with someone. Better Randy than me going out on the Boulevard and selling my ass, or would you prefer that?"
"Like that would ever happen! You know you still have all those deep repressed Catholic gilts."
"Like you haven't corrupted me? I was supposed to marry a good Catholic boy and have squatted out three or four babies by now. But no, here I am a world class exhibitionist who fucks my husband's best friends while he gallivants around the country." I was now kissing and nibbling on Jim's nipples. I know how that drives him crazy. I needed to be fucked!
"Come here, girl, I leave early tomorrow, I need to give you something to remember me by."
"I thought you'd never get around to this. I was afraid I'd have to call Randy to help me out." I giggled while I crawled on top and impaled myself on Jim's cock.
The next day, Monday, I tearfully waved as Jim passed through airport security. I was already counting down till Sunday afternoon when he would pick me up at Randy's.
Oh shit, I'd forgotten about going to Randy's for the weekend. Why did I agree to go ahead and do it with Jim gone?
Jim and I talk every night when he gets back to his hotel room. Thank God for unlimited cell phone contracts! Otherwise we'd spend all our money on long distance charges. Lately we have spiced up our calls using Skype. I like to be naked for Jim while we talk. He surprised me one time with one of his clients watching me strip for him. The client stood off camera but could see me clearly. He didn't tell me until we were ready to sign off. I can't believe he let another guy watch and listen. After we signed off, I masturbated thinking of being secretly watched.
On Tuesday Jim called and told me that Randy had texted him asking if he could pick me up on Wednesday instead of Friday. He told him it would be okay, he could entertain me while he was gone.
Fuck! I wasn't looking forward to going in the first place, now it would be two extra days! I just wanted to stay home and miss Jim. Oh well, FUCK!
I expected Randy to come by to get me late evening on Wednesday; it was only just after 10 a.m. when I heard a tapping on my door. "Hey kid, you ready to go?" It was Randy already.
"You're awfully early. Aren't you supposed to work today?"
"Nah, I took the rest of the week off, thought I'd just entertain you and keep you company while Jim was out of town. You know just watch after and protect you." He was such a bull-shitter.
"More like me entertaining you, and who is going to protect me from you? I know what you want, you can't lie worth a damn, you just want me naked."
"Can't deny that. All I've dreamed of since the last time was seeing you walk around naked and tasting that delicious pussy of yours. Aren't you a little overdressed to go?"
"Well I wasn't exactly expecting you until later, maybe after dark so I could get there without showing the whole world my bare ass."
"Come on girl let me help you get ready; I just love taking your clothes off." Randy approached me and started unbuttoning my blouse.
"I suppose I might as well let you take them off now before you get all wound up and start ripping them off, can't have you destroying all my clothes while Jim isn't here. I guess if I gotta strip, it's more fun to let you do it. Just take it easy." I opened my arms and gave him access to all my buttons.
Randy carefully unbuttoned my blouse and walked behind me and slipped it off my shoulders. He folded it and hung it over a chair. While behind me he unclasped my bra and slid the straps off my shoulders and the cups off my breasts. The bra was placed on top of my blouse. He stood behind me and cupped my breasts and with his thumb and forefinger he gently pinched my nipples.
"God I love your tits. I love looking at them, touching them and most of all sucking on those delightful nipples." He turned me around to face him and leaned over and sucked first one then switched to the other nipple. He was good at sucking and nibbling on my nipples and soon had them hardened.
I moaned with pleasure, "You sure know how to talk a woman out of her clothes. Keep that up and we may not get out of here for a while. You've been talking to Jim about what I like, haven't you?"
"You'd be surprised what Jim and I talk about when it comes to you. I know a lot of things you like and I plan on trying a few of the things he's said." He unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans and as I wiggled my hips to help him slide them down to the floor, I then stepped out of them. He picked them up, folded them and placed them on the chair as well.
"Ah much better, I love a woman in just skimpy little panties. Turn around a couple of times, let me look at you." He smiled and looked at me hungrily.
I knew I had his attention; I loved the way men looked at me while I undressed. I was feeling that irresistible tingle down in my pussy. I raised my arms so my breasts stood out firm and proud and turned around twice to let him see me standing in front of him in only my tiny bikini panties. "You like?" I teased.
"I like. The only thing nicer is without the panties."
"Well you know what to do about that don't you?" I stepped close to him and let him hook his thumbs on each side and slowly slide them down and I stepped out of them. They joined the rest of my clothes. "That better?" I asked.
I know it isn't right to let another man see you naked let alone strip you in your own house. I knew Jim wanted his friend to see me like this and use me any way he wanted. I knew he would want to hear every detail. I liked the exciting feeling that I got seeing how turned on Randy was getting seeing me this way. I was getting turned on too, I was getting wet and my nipples were so hard they tingled. I slid my middle finger along my slit collecting some moisture and then offered it to Randy to taste. "How about this, you like this too?" I love driving him crazy. It's only fair because of what he was doing to me.
"Mmmm so sweet, I could lick that anytime." He licked my finger clean and then sucked it in his mouth and played with it with his tongue.
"There's all you want, but first you help lock up the house so we can go to your place. No fucking me here. I just put clean sheets on the bed for when Jim brings me back here Sunday. I refuse to make love to my husband on your nasty cum stains. I'm taking my phone with me and my cosmetics bag. Even a naked woman needs her shampoo, conditioner, deodorant, toothbrush and some make-up."
"Good God woman, do you need a suitcase to carry all that?"
"You don't want me to look like a skank and smell like a dirty armpit do you?"
"With you naked, I'd never know the difference."
I wrinkled up my nose and said, "Yeew, you are a pig, I knew it. Come on let's get moving."
Thank God he had sense enough to park close to the front door; I made him open his car door before I dashed to his car and jumped in. He locked the house door and set the alarm. 10:45 a.m. and I was riding to Randy's house stark naked. What was I thinking? When did I let this spin out of control? Oh Jim baby I hope you know what I'm doing because I sure don't.
*****
Coming soon Randy has some surprises for Linda.
Will Jim allow Randy to use his wife this way?
Ch.2 Pt. 2 is in the works.