So I just got reminded of my trip to Paris with a couple of old girlfriends from school. This was after we'd graduated, but, when I went over as part of my 21st birthday present. I told my Dad that I wanted to do a kind of pilgrimage and visit all the churches and cathedrals, but he knew it was bullshit of course, otherwise I'd go to Rome, right? I've been obsessed with Paris for a long time, and there's posters and ornaments all over my old room at home to testify to the fact. So Dad knew full well I wasn't going on a religious pilgrimage. I guess he loves his daughter, though, because he fronted the money for my trip. Yay!
I went over with Jess and Shannon and we had the time of our lives. Shannon's cousin Grant studies over there and we all stayed at his place to help keep costs down. It was a party all the time, and we got to meet so many locals that way. Grant's university friends were super cool, and pretty much all of them were hot. Maybe it's just the accents or something. They thought I was mega-hot, too! Turns out the French guys have a thing for Asian girls. I would never have guessed. So, I was like pretty popular at the parties, and French guys aren't shy. Not one bit. I got to make out with so many different guys.
Of course, I was in a relationship back home, and normally I'd say what happens in Paris stays in Paris haha but I didn't need to. Haydon and I already agreed to have an open relationship. So that left me able to get down and nasty with the local boys, which I sure did. A couple of pilsners and my panties were down around my knees with a French boy licking me out. And that's just me sitting up on the bathroom basin while other dudes come in for a piss. They're tiny bathrooms in those inner-Paris flats and the toilet and washbasin sit practically next to each other, so these guys would just casually check out what's going on while they did their business. So funny!
I remember one dude was like "what's she like?" and the boy going down on me said something like how I was the best thing he'd ever had. The way they sort of talked about me like I wasn't there got me so much hotter. Seriously, that was one of the hottest things I've experienced, just two extremely good-looking French boys casually discussing my pussy while I got ate out.
One day Grant told me that Sebastien wanted to take me on a date. So far all my encounters had been at parties or just flirting with randoms out in the streets when us girls were doing the tours of the museums and stuff. Sebastien was beautiful, like in that classic Hollywood style. He had a chiselled jaw and piercing pale eyes under thick dark eyebrows, but was kind of effeminate at the same time. Jessica reckons he smouldered, is how she put it. I don't know about him but I had a fire that needed putting out when I looked at him, that's for sure. So, I couldn't believe my luck that he'd want to take me out somewhere.
Sebastien took me to a tiny art gallery inside a very narrow laneway. It was curated by a friend of his who was also an artist, and a bunch of different people were exhibited on the walls. They just took over the laneway for the day, calling themselves Le Collectif d'Artistes Voyous. Sometimes they got shut down by the police, but sometimes they'd just grab the art off the walls and run instead. It was wild.
When we were at a bar afterwards, Sebastien said he had one more place he wanted to show me, and so we finished our drinks and merrily made our way through town to this plain-looking door. Inside we went down some stairs and Sebastien paid for us. I thought it might be another gallery but Sebastien said it was a "hammam" which was a Turkish word for sauna basically. I've never been to a sauna so all I could think of was in the movies where old Italian gangsters sit around in towels and have meetings. But it was completely different to that.
"We have to get naked," Sebastien said. It was in the rules.
He had no problem with it, and even though I'd fucked some boys at parties when other people were around, there were complete strangers walking past us in this place, not like at Grant's parties where everyone pretty much knew each other. And these people were completely naked, or at least most of them were!
"It's okay, I've seen you naked before," Sebastien said with a grin.
First off, that wasn't what I was worried about so much, and secondly, when did he see me naked?
"In Jessica's bedroom, with a friend of Grant," he said.
I racked my brain until I remembered at one of the parties I'd been fucked by a French boy who's name I can't remember. I was pretty tipsy by that stage and had been dancing around on Jess's bed, doing a striptease for this guy who kept pretending to throw money at me. It'd been a laugh and I think at some point I'd just begged for his dick instead.
"I was in the doorway watching," Sebastien said. "It was a good show."
"Well, in that case, what are we waiting for," I replied, and stripped down.
We had lockers to put our clothes and stuff in, and then Sebastien led me into the showers, where we washed together. His body was pale and lean, and his dick was long and thick by comparison, hanging from a dark bush of pubic hair. It was actually a beautiful-looking dick, I must say!
When he soaped up his hands and ran them down over my body, I was instantly wet. I mean, my pussy was instantly wet. Being in a shower with him in a public place and feeling how smooth his hands were over my curves was blowing my mind. But he didn't try anything, much to my disappointment. I'd decided by this stage I wanted him to fuck me bad.
Next, we dried off and I kept my towel wrapped around my waist, mostly because I didn't know what to expect. It was kind of dark when we went through a door and downstairs to a chamber, but turns out the lighting was very dim. There were orange lamps up on the dark brick walls and the sound of water gently splashing somewhere.
"This is the... how would you say? Bath."
I nodded, then realised he couldn't see me nod.
"We get in?"
"Yes," he said, and I fucking swear that his disembodied voice with that French accent coming from the darkness made my knees tremble.
I put my towel up on a hook and Sebastien led me over to the edge of the bath, to where some steps went down into the water. It was wonderfully warm in there, like having a warm bath at home really. The steam came up and sobered me of the beer we'd drunk earlier.
I felt Sebastien's hand on my back, sliding down over the curve of my hip and cupping my ass. He gave it a small squeeze then gently pushed me forward, so we began to walk through the water. It was actually easier to see in this part because this was where the lights were on pillars and the walls. All around me there were people sitting in the water, chatting softly, their voices filling the whole chamber. The brick ceiling was almost low enough to reach up and touch.
We found a spot near the back and sat in the water. The warmth on my hard nipples was very soothing. I clamped my thighs together, squeezing my pussy for some relief. As we sat silently, I began to realise that some of the murmuring around us wasn't low chatter, but moans.
"Sebastien, are they having sex?"
"Some of them."
He sounded amused.
"What do you think?" he said.
"I think that's hot," I replied, and listened again to the sounds of pleasure echoing off the low ceiling and bouncing across the water to us.
"We should, too," he suggested.
I agreed and soon he was on me, making out with me, his hands supporting my back and lifting my hips against him. He moved like the water itself, almost fluid, as he rubbed his body against mine, brushing my nipples with his chest, teasing my pussy with his erect penis. I was so into this, so so into this.
I grabbed his ass, nearly digging my nails into it, and held him there as I wiggled my hips around, feeling the tip of his dick against my labia. I angled my hips and pushed gently until I felt his dick slip inside. He took over from there, slowly pumping me like a piston, kissing and biting my neck and sending shivers up and down my spine.
The sound of water and sex all around us, the low orange light and the dark brick walls glistening with condensation, it all added to the eroticism of the moment. I wrapped my arms around his body and held on, my legs free-floating in different directions as Sebastien rode me. The water made a soft slapping sound each time he drove his hips against mine.
Then I heard whispers.
"Word is out that an Asian girl is here," Sebastien whispered in my ear.
I could see them drifting closer, people from all around. Not just guys, either: there were women who were coming in for a closer look. One of them held onto my foot which helped keep me afloat more. I was jealous of the view she had of Sebastien's ass dipping in and out of the water.
"They want to join in," Sebastien said.
"No," I gasped, feeling my eyes roll back as his cock pushed further in.
He said something to them, and the people just sat in the water around us, watching. Their eyes glimmered from the orange lights on the walls, but mostly their faces were in shadows. All I could see really was silhouettes of people watching as Sebastien fucked me.
It was soooo hot. I came a couple of times because of it.
And then I felt Sebastien's rhythm change and noticed his cock had swollen a bit more. He was going to cum.
"It's okay, I'm on the pill," I whispered.
He sped up then, groaning loudly, which echoed across the water. I heard words of encouragement around us but didn't understand a word because it was in French. Somehow that made it hotter: I could imagine anything.
Sebastien came in me (I found out later one of the rules of the sauna is to use a condom, and people aren't supposed to do it in the water even though heaps actually do). He jerked his hips as he emptied his balls, the water splashing crazily. I felt the little waves patting against my clit, and it felt good.
When he was done, the people around us drifted away again, just dark shadows blending back into the darkness of the room. It was almost creepy, like in a horror movie, if I wasn't actually getting off on it.
We sat and cuddled in the water for a while, and I idly stroked his semi-hard dick under the water while he caressed my boobs. We chatted about everyday stuff and when he got hard again I told him to sit up on the edge of the bath and I gave him a blowjob. Not as much cum second time around, and easier to swallow.
Jess and Shannon were so jealous when I told them that Sebastien had fucked me in a public sauna. They both thought Sebastien was hot, like a model or something, but there's no way Jess would have done it in the sauna. She'd have chickened out.
It was a crazy holiday of sex and adventure, and I'd love to do it again one day. I'd take Haydon to that sauna again, if I could find it.