There were very few things that Nickie and Tyler had not done when it came to sex, but they had never had sex in front of anyone else. They had screwed in public places where there was always the risk of being caught, but they had never been seen. They had videotaped themselves having sex and they often had sex in front of their floor length mirrors.
"I really want to fuck you with someone else in the room," Nicky to Tyler one night after a particularly hot fuck in front of the mirror. "I want to put on a show that they won't soon forget."
They discussed the how, who and where of Nickie's notion several times, but they were never able to nail down the details. And so, several months later, the idea had been pushed to the back burner until, by chance, they planned a long weekend way with their good friends Carole and Peter.
Nickie and Carole had been best friends in school and had never lost contact with each other. The two couples tried to socialize at least once or twice a year but often found their schedules conflicting. Living in cities several hours apart did not help matters, either.
The ladies had finally worked out a time when they could get together, at a ski resort that was virtually equidistant from both cities, and on a weekend they all agreed they would keep commitment free. They booked a chalet with enough room, according to the website, to sleep six and that boasted a hot tub.
The couples agreed to spend a little bit extra and book the chalet from Thursday evening until Tuesday morning, thus ensuring a full four days away from their work and the slush and dirty snow of winter in the city.
Nickie and Tyler arrived just after 8 o'clock Thursday evening and had just finished putting their clothes and food away when Carole, followed closely by Peter, burst through the door.
"I'm so glad you're finally here," cried Nickie as she tightly hugged Carole. "You've just got to see this place!"
As the women disappeared to explore the chalet, Peter and Tyler respectively put away bags and groceries. Just as they finished, Nickie and Carole pranced back into the kitchen, full of giggles.
"This is great," Carole exclaimed to Peter, "we're going to have a ball this weekend."
She then turned to Tyler and gave him a big hug and a friendly kiss on the lips. "You and Nickie did a wonderful job in finding this," she said. "It was more Nickie than me. I just pay the bills and do the driving," said Tyler winking at Peter.
Peter grinned, "How about some drinks?"
"Ok, you boys pour some wine and Carole and I will get some supper ready. Is spaghetti okay with everyone?" asked Nickie.
As Nickie and Carole set about preparing the food, Tyler and Peter walked into the living room/dining room area and set a fire in the large fieldstone fireplace. It seemed that almost no time had passed when Carole carried in a pile of plates and set the table.
"Supper's almost ready," she said. "Peter, can you open up another bottle of wine?"
The supper was excellent and noisy. Pretty soon, as the combination of wine, the heat of the fire and the laughter at the table brought up the temperature in the room, the heavy winter sweaters started coming off. As Carole removed her sweater, stretching her arms up over her head, it was obvious that she was not wearing a bra this evening, a point missed neither by Tyler nor Nickie. In fact, Tyler had a hard time not watching Carole's tits bounce around as she animatedly described a girl's night out she had taken a part in a couple of month's ago.
Observing Tyler's interest in Carole's tits, Nickie leaned over to him and whispered, "You could probably see them better if we all got into the hot tub!"
A sly smile touch Tyler's lips. "Why don't we get in the hot tub?" he said during a break in Carole's account.
There was agreement all around, and Tyler went off to check on the tub. The others quickly cleared off the table and went to change into their bathing suits.
When Tyler entered the bedroom to don his suit, Nickie was just finishing pulling up the bottom of her bikini. She turned to him and put her arms up over her head showing off her firm 34C tits. "They may not be as big as Carole's, " she said, "but I've not had any complaints."
"And neither will you," replied Tyler as he pulled her close to him and bent down to take a hardened nipple into his mouth.
"In a bit," she said, quickly giving the bulge in his jeans a quick squeeze then pushing him gently away. " This could turn into a very interesting evening."
"How so?"
"You'll just have to wait and see," she said, turning and putting on a very thin tank top.
The hot tub was warmed up nicely, a blanket of steam hanging over it in the cold air. Carole, wearing a bikini that didn't leave a lot to the imagination, was already in the tub when Tyler and Nickie got outside. Peter showed up moments later with a fresh bottle of wine.
Tyler wasn't sure why Nickie had even bothered to wear a top since the one she had on was immediately translucent as soon as it got wet, and Carole's bikini barely covered her nipples and pussy. Nonetheless, the four sat for a while, continuing the discussion that had been going on at the table.
Nickie moved closer to Tyler, as the conversation went on, until she was practically sitting in his lap. She put her arm around his shoulders and started to slowly rub the inside of his thigh.
Carole, meanwhile, had edged closer to Peter and, it was quite obvious, was ministering to his thigh, also. It wasn't long before the women had guided the conversation towards sex.
"One thing I've always wanted to do," said Nickie, "is to have sex with Tyler while being watched. That would really turn me on! What about you, Carole?"
As Peter began blushing, Carole replied, "We've talked about it before, but we really weren't comfortable in approaching anyone. You know, it's really hard to know who might be interested, but who also wouldn't shoot their mouth off afterwards.
"We've known you two for a long time but, even in the number of times we've gone on trips together, we've never thought to ask you if you were interested. I guess we didn't want to ruin our relationship.
"We've been friends for a long time, Nickie, and I love you a lot, but I never thought that you, and Tyler, would be interested in taking our relationship to this sort of level."
"We've been talking about this for a number of months," said Nickie, "and we've run into the same sort of dilemma. Who can you trust?"
She turned to Tyler and asked, "Would you be comfortable with this?"
Tyler looked at Nickie for several long seconds. Then he turned to Carole and Peter.
"If it's cool with you," he said, "it's cool with me – I guess. Peter?"
Peter looked momentarily dazed. "Sure, I guess."
'Oh, Peter," Carole said as she rubbed his chest, "This is what we've been talking about, and who better to share our love with, than our two best friends?"
While Carole was encouraging Peter, Nickie's hand had found it's way to Tyler's crotch, and a massive hard-on.
"Tyler's ready!" she laughed, then she moved around in front of him and slipped her tongue deep into his mouth. Her hands slid into the waistband his swimming trunks and pulled them down over his thighs, freeing his erection. Still kissing him, she wrapped her hand around his cock and started to stroke it, the lubrication of the water adding to Tyler's enjoyment.
Meanwhile, Carole had removed her top and had pulled Paul's face down to her tits. Her nipples were hard and stuck out close to a full inch. As Paul feasted on her nipples, he untied her bikini bottoms and slid his hand between her legs.
Carole had the most marvellous cunt, covered with a naturally small and tidy bush; neither she nor Paul had ever considered shaving it. Her cunt lips were full and when she got excited, they would puff and colour towards red.
Paul slid two fingers deep into Carole's cunt while he gently bit down on her nipple, eliciting from her a low moan.
Across the tub, Nickie and Tyler turned to watch as Paul continued fingering Carole and alternately sucking her nipples. With her eyes still fixed on the scene unfolding five feet in front of her, Nickie quickly pulled off her bottom and lifted herself onto the edge of the tub.
Leaning backwards and bracing herself on her arms, she pulled her knees up spread her legs wide.
"Eat me, Ty," she said. "I need you to eat me right now!"
Only somewhat reluctantly, Tyler turned to the sight of Nickie's shaved cunt facing him at eye level. The small triangle of hair at the top of her slit pointed the way to Nickie's hard pleasure bud, which was already pushing its way between her dark brown lips.
Tyler spread her lips wide with his fingers, momentarily feasting on the contrast of her hot pink hole and brown lips, then he slid his tongue slowly up her slit until he reached her swollen clit. He took her clit between his lips and gently sucked it. A short groan dragged Nickie's attention back across the tub to where Paul had settled himself on the edge. Carole's head was bobbing up and down between Paul's legs. Nickie and Paul locked eyes momentarily, and a cautious smile spread across Paul's face. Then he turned himself slightly to one side and put one heel up on the edge of the tub. Carole followed his movement, intent on the blowjob she was giving him. Paul reached down and pulled Carole's hair away from the side of her face, giving Nickie a full view of Carole's mouth wrapped around his thick nine-inch cock.
Seconds later Nickie exploded in Tyler's face. Her hips rocked hard as she came and she put one hand behind Tyler's head forcing his mouth down on her clit. Tyler responded greedily to the sudden abundance of sweet juice flowing out of Nickie's cunt and hungrily lapped it up.
Watching Nickie cum was enough to finish Paul and moments later he let go into Carole's mouth. Carole reached up and squeezed Paul's balls while she concentrated her attentions on the swollen purple head of his cock and it wasn't long before the excess cum was squeezing out around her lips and flowing down her chin.
Nickie watched in amazement as her friend licked the excess cum off Paul's balls and cock then, turning towards her and looking her straight in the eye, wiped the cum on her chin with her fingers and cleaned them off in her mouth.
Tyler also saw Carole clean up after herself. He turned back to Nickie and started to squeeze and pull her nipple as he gave her a deep, hot kiss. Nickie slid her hand down to Tyler's hard cock and started to slowly stroke it.
After a minute, she broke away from the kiss said, "Let's go inside where we have some more room. I promise it'll be worth your while."
Nickie and Tyler climbed out of the tub. "Are you two..." started Nickie, until she realized that Paul had his face buried in Carole's cunt.
"Well, they probably won't be too long," she said to Tyler. "Come on. I've got a treat for you."
In their room, Nickie and Tyler towelled each other off. The Nickie started to rummage through their clothes. She turned to Tyler and threw him a pair of blue satin boxers she had bought him for his birthday a couple of years earlier.
"Why don't you put these on," she said. "I'm going to slip into something really sexy for you, then we can show Carole and Paul just how hot we are. And believe me, I'm hot!"
"You don't have to tell me," replied Tyler. "But right now, I'm ready to explode." He looked down at the hard-on stretching the fabric of the boxers. There was already a dark stain of pre-cum decorating the area just below the waistband.
"Why don't you busy yourself with the fire and open another bottle of wine. That should take your mind off things for a little bit. I'll be right down, and I promise it will be worth your while!"
As he headed down to the living room, Tyler met Carole and Paul returning from the hot tub.
"We'll be with you in a few," said Carole as she ran her eyes down Tyler's body.
Tyler had just finished opening a new bottle of wine, having already stoked the fire, when Nickie made her appearance at the top of the stairs.
She was wearing a pair of red lace stockings, held up by a red satin and lace garter belt. On her feet was a pair of black, high-heeled sandals with four-inch heels. A single strand of pearls adorned her neck. She had pulled her hair back and fastened it up behind her head, showing off her long neck and the matching pearl stud earrings.
She posed momentarily at the top of the stairs, allowing Tyler's eyes to drink in the whole package, then she slowly walked down the stairs, one hand gently running down the railing as she moved.
Tyler's was hard again immediately. He had not seen Nickie dressed like this for a couple of months and it never failed to amaze him just how beautiful and sexy she was.
She slowly walked up to him, ran one hand through his hair and behind his head and melted into his arms in a long, wet kiss. Tyler's hands found their way down to her ass and he pulled her close to him, pressing her against his rigid erection.
Nickie placed her other hand behind Tyler's neck and lifted her leg up around his waist. Tyler leaned back and Nickie immediately wrapped her other leg around his waist and started to rub her cunt against his satin covered cock. Tyler walked them over to one of the sofas and gently lowered Nickie down. Without breaking the kiss, she pulled down his shorts and started to rub the head of his cock with his pre-cum.
Tyler put his hands behind Nickie's knees and opened up her legs. He had just started to lick and kiss his way down the inside of her thighs when they heard Carole and Paul at the top of the stairs.
"Looks like fun to me," said Carole.
Nickie and Tyler turned to see her standing at the top of the stairs, much as Nickie had done a few minutes ago. Carole had put on an emerald green corset with matching stockings. She also was wearing stiletto heals. Paul was barely contained in black mesh jockey shorts.
"Don't let us stop you,' laughed Carole, "Nickie promised me a show and I've got a front row seat."
Tyler didn't need any more encouragement and dropped to his knees in front of Nickie. Again he put his hands behind her knees, spread her legs wide and started working down toward her glistening cunt. By the time he got his face between her legs, Nickie was moaning with pleasure and need.
Starting at the bottom of her slit, Tyler slowly ran his tongue around her swollen outer lips. When he returned to his starting point, he leisurely probed her hot, wet softness, his tongue extended to its maximum. He then sucked her inner lips into his mouth and teased them with his tongue.
Nickie grabbed Tyler by the hair and was thrusting her hips towards his face. Tyler thrust two fingers deep into her dripping hole and started licking her engorged clit. His other hand reached up and grabbed a stiff nipple and started to roll it between his fingers.
"Give me your cock!" cried Nickie, "I need your cock, now."
Tyler immediately raised himself over her and drove his cock up to the hilt into her cunt.
"Yes, yes! Fuck me, Tyler! Fuck me hard!"
Nickie wrapped her legs around Tyler's waist and within a couple of hard, deep strokes she came, her legs tightening like a vice around him, crossed ankles increasing the strength of her squeeze, while she matched him stroke for stroke.
Moments later, Tyler came hard inside her, driving her into the soft cushions of the sofa. As he thrust his inflamed rod into the fiery depths of her cunt, he could feel her clit pressing on his public bone. He ground down on Nickie's clit and she came again with a high-pitched explosion of breath, squeezing a combination of her juice and his cum out around his cock and down his legs.
On the other sofa, Carole and Paul were enjoying the action while engaging in some of their own. Paul had lost no time in freeing himself from his shorts and had found a corner that offered a great view of Nickie and Tyler. He had pulled Carole into his lap where she had quickly climbed onto his cock. Paul unhurriedly stroked her clit, occasionally wetting his fingers with saliva, while Carole slowly rode his cock.
Nickie wasn't quite finished. She knew that Tyler would need a little while to recover from his orgasm, but she was still hot and need to cum again. As Tyler started to pull out of her she slid off the sofa onto the carpeted floor then she grabbed hold of his still semi-hard cock and pulled it down toward her face.
"My turn to do some cleaning up," she softly said to Tyler. "Lean over me and let me lick you clean."
As Tyler leaned over Nickie's face, she took his cock deep into her mouth and started to slowly clean him of their combined juices. While her one hand was wrapped around the base of Tyler's cock, she spread her legs and started massaging her still hard clit.
With her feet planted firmly on the floor, Nickie's four-inch heels forced her cunt open. It didn't take long before her hips were bucking wildly as she came again, the cum that was still in her cunt being forced out by her contractions and oozing down over her anus.
Still watching Nickie, Carole had got down on the floor on her fours and Paul was now fucking her doggie style. His hands on her waist were pulling her towards him with every thrust. The slap of their bodies meeting was echoing around the room. As he got closer to orgasm, Paul straightened up, pulling Carole with him so that she was doubled over, only her hands and feet on the floor.
At the sight of the cum seeping out of Nickie's cunt, Paul jammed Carole onto his cock harder and harder. With each stroke his balls hit her swollen clit, sending Carole into paroxysms of ecstasy. She reached around behind her and spread her cunt so that Paul could penetrate her completely. With a muted roar, Paul came, his cock buried to the hilt in Carole's steaming cunt.
Paul's huge cock pumping its load of semen into her brought Carole to her own gushing orgasm, her yelps mixing with his growls as her cunt squeezed down on his pulsating prick.
Nickie, meanwhile, was running her tongue around the swollen, purple head of Tyler's cock while she stroked him with one hand and firmly massaged his balls with the other. Her whimpers informed Tyler that she was hungry for him to unload in her mouth. He reached down and squeezed a nipple between his thumb and forefinger driving Nickie to work his cock harder.
She could feel him harden and grow as he reached his orgasm. A small dribble of cum pressed its way out of his cock, followed by a salty-sweet torrent. Nickie continued to run her tongue around his enlarged cock head while his cum covered her tongue, lips and chin. She took him deep into her mouth as his spasms started to subside, sucking out the last of his shot, bringing Tyler a final shudder of delight.
Nickie turned to look at Carole and Paul, collapsed on the floor, leaning against the other sofa. With Tyler's cum dripping off her chin and onto her tits she said to Carole, "So, what are we going to do tomorrow night?"
Carole smiled. "I think we should leave that one up to the guys!"